The American Missionary -  Volume 49 , No . 5 , May 1895 by Various Edition 1 , ( November 23 , 2006 ) CONTENTS Editorial FINANCES . LET IT BE REMEMBERED : CHURCH WORK IN THE SOUTH . FRIGHT AT A CAMERA . Revival Services in the Mountains . A Passage at Arms . A SUBSCRIPTION LIST . The South . IN NORTH CAROLINA . A SUNDAY AT TALLADEGA , ALA . STORRS SCHOOL , ATLANTA , GA . ANDERSONVILLE , GA . The Indians . ITEMS FROM INDIAN MISSIONS . MRS. ADELAIDE RIDEOUT RIGGS . AN INDIAN HELPING NEEDY WHITES . The Chinese . STREET PREACHING IN CHINATOWN . Bureau of Woman ’ s Work . CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR IN THE BLACK BELT . WOMAN ’ S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . RECEIPTS FOR MARCH , 1895 . NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Bible House , Ninth St. and Fourth Ave ., New York . Price , 50 Cents a Year in advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York N. Y ., as second-class mail matter . AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . PRESIDENT , MERRILL E. GATES , LL. D ., MASS . Vice-presidents . REV . F. A. NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. REV . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . REV . ALEX . MCKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . REV . HENRY A. STIMSON , D. D ., N. Y. REV . WASHINGTON GLADDEN , D. D ., Ohio . Corresponding Secretaries . REV . M. E. STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. REV . A. F. BEARD , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y ., REV . F. P. WOODBURY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Assistant Corresponding Secretary . REV . C. J. RYDER , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Recording Secretary . REV . M. E. STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Treasurer . H. W. HUBBARD , Esq ., Bible House , N. Y . Auditors . PETER MCCARTER . JAMES MITCHELL . Executive Committee . CHARLES L. MEAD , Chairman . CHARLES A . HULL , Secretary . For Three Years . WILLIAM HAYES WARD , JAMES W. COOPER , LUCIEN C. WARNER , JOSEPH H. TWICHELL , CHARLES P. PIERCE . For Two Years . CHARLES A . HULL , ADDISON P. FOSTER , ALBERT J. LYMAN , NEHEMIAH BOYNTON , A. J. F. BEHRENDS . For One Year . SAMUEL HOLMES SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , WILLIAM H. STRONG , ELIJAH HORR . District Secretaries . REV . GEO . H. GUTTERSON , 21 Cong ’ l House , Boston , Mass . REV . JOS . E. ROY , D. D ., 153 La Salle Street , Chicago , Ill. REV . W. E. C . WRIGHT , D. D ., Cong ’ l Rooms , Y. M. C. A Building , Cleveland , Ohio . Secretary of Woman ’ s Bureau . MISS D. E. EMERSON , Bible House , N. Y . COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office ; letters relating to the finances , to the Treasurer ; letters relating to woman ’ s work , to the Secretary of the Woman ’ s Bureau . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W. Hubbard , Treasurer , Bible House , New York ; or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 153 La Salle Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new address , in order that our periodicals and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I give and bequeath the sum of —— dollars to the ’ American Missionary Association ,’ incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York . ” The will should be attested by three witnesses . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY VOL . XLIX . JUNE , 1895 . No . 5 . FINANCES . The outlook is not bright . The receipts for March from both donations and estates have fallen off so that in spite of retrenchments the total indebtedness is somewhat increased . We have now reached the close of the first six months of the fiscal year , and , with a decrease of $ 11 , 246. 73 in all items of expenditure , the debt is $ 79 , 696. 61 . In the last ( April ) number of THE MISSIONARY it was shown that there had been during the previous three months a small but actual reduction of the debt . The present showing brings the figures back to what they were substantially in January last . We hope this falling off is but temporary . We know the pressure of the times and the difficulty of obtaining money . We are fully aware , too , that many of our friends make their contributions with self-denial , but , standing as we do , with the responsibility for the great work entrusted to this Association , and knowing how vital it is to the welfare and uplifting of the impoverished and ignorant races of our land , we feel constrained to press the call still farther upon both rich and poor for the means to continue the assistance to these needy peoples . LET IT BE REMEMBERED : 1 . That the American Missionary Association was the first to enter the work of educating and uplifting the Freedmen of the South , and the first to introduce industrial training into the schools . 2 . That it has done the largest work in that field , having spent more money and educated more pupils than any other society . 3 . That it has extended its work among the mountaineers of the South , the Indians of the West , the Chinese on the Pacific Coast and the Eskimos in Alaska — its field extending thus from the Atlantic to the Pacific , and from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Circle . 4 . That it has been chosen by National Councils , State Associations , and local organizations to do the work in these fields and among these peoples for the Congregational churches of the United States . 5 . That its expanding and important work is restricted by the want of adequate funds , and that while Congregationalists — churches and individuals — have the undoubted right to exercise their own choice in aiding institutions in these particular fields , outside of the work of the Association , yet they ought to bear in mind their responsibility to sustain the Association in the work which they assign to it . CHURCH WORK IN THE SOUTH . We invite the attention of our readers to the illustrated article “ In North Carolina . ” This sketch covers but a limited portion of our great work , but it shows the relations it bears to its surroundings in the public life of the South . Our churches in this district are prosperous , and we are gratified to say that the promise of church extension over our wider districts is very encouraging . Eight new churches will be added to our list immediately among the colored people , and others still are expected soon to be added . In the mountain work , also , five new churches will be added to our enrollment . The next number of THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY will contain an extended article , with illustrations , on our mountain work , hence nothing appears in this number regarding this field . FRIGHT AT A CAMERA . Our readers will find in the account given on another page , of street preaching in Chinatown , the statement that a large crowd was gathered in the street , but when the picture is examined the crowd seems very small . Loo Quong gives this account of the matter : “ A big crowd was gathered to us soon after we sang some hymns , but as soon as the photographer on sight they all ran away . Chinese do not want their pictures to be taken on the street . They all ran to the other side of the street and I told the man to take them there , but they all ran away , too . Still some of them are taken . ” REVIVAL SERVICES IN THE MOUNTAINS .— Revival movements have been very general in our mountain churches and missions this year and many hundreds have been hopefully converted . “ Seven persons made application for membership in our church last Sabbath . They are all converted people . If they are received it will make a membership of thirty-three , including Mrs. Doane and myself . I have been holding revival services at a school-house where they have slabs for benches without backs to them . Part of a log was taken out to make a window . People come seven and eight miles to the services . They seem anxious to hear the Gospel preached . They do not seem to care for mud or rain . I hope this will find the American Missionary Association getting out of debt . My people are ready and anxious to contribute to the support of the church . They have sold eggs and saved money , and it is often slow work . ” A PASSAGE AT ARMS .— White children whose parents are laboring in colored schools are sometimes taunted by the unkind remarks of ill-mannered youth with whom they come in contact . For example , the little daughter of one of our teachers was told , “ Your papa teaches niggers . ” The reply came quick as a flash : “ Well , your papa sells them whiskey , and that is worse . ” Another threatened to beat her at recess . She promptly said : “ You can ’ t do it . My grandpa beat yours in the war . ” A SUBSCRIPTION LIST . BY A GEORGIA TEACHER . I inclose something I thought might interest you . The idea of circulating the paper originated with the girls and the money was nearly all raised without our knowledge . We added enough to buy a serviceable pair of shoes . The poor girl to whom they were given was almost barefooted and stayed at home Saturday afternoon when the others went for their walk . The thoughtfulness and generosity of the girls touched us , for what they gave was to most of them a real sacrifice . THE APPEAL OF THE GIRLS . “ While sitting in church to-day my heart was made to feel sad as I sat by one of the girls . I noticed that she was almost barefooted and has been for quite a while . Miss C. and I , feeling ourselves unable to purchase a pair of shoes , concluded we would ask all who will help us to please assist us , not for our sake , but for the Lord ’ s sake . “ Miss E. H ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss C. D ., 15 cts ., pd . ; Miss C. M ., 1 ct ., pd . ; Miss A. G ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss M. G ., 10 cts . ; Miss H. G ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss R. W ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss M. D. G ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss L. B ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss A. S ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss L. B ., 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss S. L .; 5 cts ., pd . ; Miss G ., 15 cts . ” THE SOUTH . IN NORTH CAROLINA . BY SECRETARY WOODBURY . The Carolinas comprise a territory of eighty-two thousand square miles , a little more than the combined territory of New York and all New England , excepting Maine . North Carolina has a population of about a million white and half a million colored people ; while of the million inhabitants of South Carolina a large majority are colored . In the two States there are a million and a quarter of colored people . MOUNTAIN VIEW , BLOWING ROCK , N. C . MOUNTAIN VIEW , BLOWING ROCK , N. C . The length of North Carolina , east and west , is considerably greater than the distance between Boston and Washington . The western part of the State is mountainous . From its heights the state slopes into the vast Piedmont Plateau , a sub-mountain terrace , and thence into the low country or the Atlantic plain . In western North Carolina the Appalachian Mountains reach the greatest height in the United States eastward of the Rocky Mountains . The eye of an observer from the heights near Blowing Rock descries in one view mountain summits in Virginia , Kentucky , Tennessee and South Carolina . The people of western North Carolina are white by a vast majority , while in the eastern part of the State the black population predominates . In twenty-five of the western counties 88 per cent . of the people are white . In the same number of the farthest eastern counties there is a majority of ten thousand black people . In accordance with this fundamental fact , the work of the American Missionary Association in the western part of the State is chiefly among the white , and in the eastern part of the State , among the black people . In both Carolinas the vast majority of the population is rural . According to the last census there was only one city in each State with more than twenty thousand people , and only six places with more than ten thousand . In Wilmington , the largest city of North Carolina , the American Missionary Association began work as the war was closing . Of the twenty-four thousand people in the county , fourteen thousand are black . Fourteen years ago Mr. J. J. H. Gregory , of Massachusetts , became much interested in this field and erected a fine brick church and commodious school buildings . The combined church and school work have gone on with continued efficiency and prosperity . There is a strong desire on the part of the people for the development of an industrial department in the school . The elevating influence of the church is felt not only in Wilmington , but throughout the surrounding communities . A great many of the school students have become teachers in the city schools and in different parts of the State . CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH , WILMINGTON , N. C . CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH , WILMINGTON , N. C . While Wilmington and Beaufort are both sea-side places , the former is chiefly a commercial town while the latter is devoted to the fishing and oyster industries . The island is swept by refreshing sea breezes , and a great many of its inhabitants are boatmen and fishermen . The Beaufort fisheries extend over a large area in which immense schools of fish are found . In deep sea fishing the nets are dropped to a depth of one hundred feet and drawn up often filled to bursting . Not infrequently whales are captured off the coast . Not long ago both the church and school buildings in Beaufort were swept away by fire , but they have recently been restored , as seen in the illustration . The church is making good progress under its young colored pastor . The school is crowded . Industrial work is being carried on to a limited extent , and it is hoped that in the coming year an industrial building can be erected . Nothing can contribute more to the progress and welfare of the young people than a well-equipped industrial department where knowledge of trades can be imparted . THE WILMINGTON A. M. A . SCHOOL . THE WILMINGTON A. M. A . SCHOOL . With their immense preponderance of a country population , naturally the largest part of the Association ’ s mission work in the Carolinas is in the country . In the North Carolina Congregational Association most of the churches are country churches . The Association meetings are well attended . The accompanying illustration is from a photograph taken at one of the recent meetings in McLeansville , where there are two churches not far apart . Besides these in this part of the State , there are country churches at High Point , Salem , Strieby , Melville , Oaks , Pekin , Dry Creek , Carter ’ s Mills , Dudley , Malee , Nalls , Troy , Snow Hill , and other points . The annual meetings of the Association are most interesting occasions . Pastors and people of these little churches gather from near and far for fellowship , mutual comfort , and inspiration . With some of these churches schools are associated , which afford to the young the opportunities of a Christian education , and contribute from their elder pupils many students for our higher institutions of learning . With the multiplication and development of these churches these higher schools will have a steady constituency of great importance . SCENE IN BEAUFORT , N. C . SCENE IN BEAUFORT , N. C . NORTH CAROLINA FISHERIES . NORTH CAROLINA FISHERIES . Thus the Association , so far from confining its work to the cities , is doing a very large share of its work in the country and among country people . Some of this work has been long-continued and has achieved a widespread and beneficial influence in the neighboring communities . The self-denying devotion of many years is reaching a most blessed fruitage , and those who have given the strength and vigor of a lifetime to the poor and despised now find their closing years brightened with the sight of what has been wrought by their long labors for the advancement of the Kingdom of Christ . The picture of the Oaks congregation at their church door is an illustration . There , among the plantations , are two sisters who have given their lives , until the shadows of age have fallen upon them , to missionary work in behalf of the poor colored people . One of them is growing blind and the other has already become so . While the former feels constrained by her failing sight soon to give up her school work , her more aged sister has an intense desire to continue , while life lasts , her labors in behalf of those whom she has come to love , while bringing blessings to them . Well versed in the Scriptures , she continues to gather classes of young men and plantation teachers and teach them from the Bible to prepare them to instruct better those still more ignorant than they . Although urged by her friends to give up this ministration , she cannot bring herself to any other course than that of doing all she can until “ the night cometh when no man can work . ” It is at once a pathetic , an inspiring and a joyful picture to see this aged blind woman , surrounded by her students , opening to them the Scriptures and instructing them in the religion of their common Master . In contrast with the quiet home and school work carried on by these two women and yet to the same end are the labors of such a country pastor as Mr. Collins . For a number of years , while carrying on regular church work at Troy , he has also had charge of several other churches riding scores of miles every week , fording the streams and facing the storms in all kinds of weather . At Dry Creek and Nalls , Pekin , Carter ’ s Mills and Malee , he has preached regularly or occasionally and has watched with incessant care and labor the development of missions throughout a wide tract of country . The influence of these churches has pervaded many communities . Calls have come to him to develop new church work simply because the poor people of other churches have seen and felt the higher standards of piety and purer lives among many in the Congregational churches and have desired that they too might have the advantage of such ministers . CHURCH AND SCHOOL , BEAUFORT , N. C . CHURCH AND SCHOOL , BEAUFORT , N. C . Indeed , this long care of our churches and schools is awakening many new movements among the colored people of the South . Our churches are generally small and poor , but they have stood steadfastly for human rights , for Christian equality and freedom of church membership , and for moral and religious education . While their work has been slow , their influence has been deep and pervasive , as has been that of our schools , small and great . NORTH CAROLINA STATE ASSOCIATION , McLEANSVILLE . NORTH CAROLINA STATE ASSOCIATION , McLEANSVILLE . AT THE CHURCH DOOR , OAKS , N. C . AT THE CHURCH DOOR , OAKS , N. C . It is an interesting and important fact that the great work of Christian education in behalf of the colored people which has been carried on by the Association is now producing results in a new direction . Our former students and pupils , grown into manhood and womanhood , find the church life of their communities greatly inferior to that in which they were trained in our schools . They are reaching after something more pure , free and spiritual . The leaven of their intelligence and higher standard of morality is taking hold of many families about them . From many centers the call reaches us for the organization of Congregational churches , churches which shall stand for morality , equal membership rights and a more rational type of piety . At the same time there is an uprising in various churches against the centralized forms of church government , which they feel to be oppressive . They refuse longer to be bound to systems which , as they believe , invade individual Christian rights . From these and other causes appeals are coming to us from different quarters for the recognition of churches which have become independent . A number of these churches have already been received by council into Congregational associations , and the indications are that this number will be largely increased during the year to come . THE SPRINGS CABIN AT LOWELL . THE SPRINGS CABIN AT LOWELL . THE LOWELL CHURCH RUINS . THE LOWELL CHURCH RUINS . Of these popular movements toward the Congregational way , that at Lowell is a typical illustration . Some of the colored people near this little hamlet desired to build for themselves a church . With infinite pains and self-denial and labor they gathered the material for a small , wooden building and put up the frame with their own hands . Being refused the official encouragement they felt they had a right to expect from their own denomination , they began to consider the whole question of church relations and polity , and made up their minds to become a free church . They held their services in the cabin depicted in the accompanying illustration , and sought to push forward the completion of their little and rude church building . A furious storm blew the frame down . With sore hearts they piled up the lumber neatly around the foundation frame and felt that they must give up their cherished hope of having a church edifice . Having learned of the Congregational way , which superimposes no centralized church government over the people and seeks to aid the poor rather than to oppress them , they organized themselves into a Congregational church , and were recognized in our fellowship by a council . Afterward they were visited by a representative of the Association , whose form is seen in the foreground of the picture of their ruined church . A cheering conference was held with them . In this conversation a single fact came out which shows something of the labor and self-denial in the movement . It was found that the young minister of this , and a similar body of colored people several miles away , although he was afflicted with an ulcerated ankle , which might well have laid him up in his house , had repeatedly walked seventeen miles over the heavy roads in order to keep faithfully his preaching appointments . The people were willing to do their very utmost . It is hoped , with the aid of our Church Building Society , that they will now be able to put up their little church building and prosper in their Christian endeavor of having a free Congregational church for their religious home . REV . A. W. CURTIS , D. D . REV . A. W. CURTIS , D. D . In Raleigh , the State capital , the colored people form a little over half of the population . Our church work here for a number of years has been in the charge of Rev . A. W. Curtis , D. D ., who is most highly esteemed everywhere . The convenient , comfortable , and tasteful church building was erected in 1891 . It has a seating capacity of 250 . In the political transformations of the State the race question keeps its prominence . It was a significant fact that the Legislature voted a few weeks ago to adjourn in respect to the memory of Fred . Douglass . About the same time the legislature also voted that the national standard should be raised on the State house ; and , for the first time since the reconstruction days , our country ’ s flag streamed above the old granite capitol of North Carolina . STATE CAPITOL AT RALEIGH . STATE CAPITOL AT RALEIGH . A SUNDAY AT TALLADEGA , ALA . BY PRESIDENT DEFOREST . Our different religious services begin early in the day . At 7. 30 , soon after breakfast and prayers in the dining hall , the Young Men ’ s Christian Association holds its meeting for an hour . The Sunday-school , with a large attendance and many classes occupying different school rooms , convenes at 9. 15 , with the regular church service following at 10. 30 . We are never through with this without feeling keenly the need of a larger , better and better ventilated house of worship . A new chapel is longed for each Sabbath , often through the week , and especially at commencement season when our varied anniversary exercises are all crowded into one small inadequate and inappropriate room . Soon after dinner more than a score of students , mainly young men , with a few of our teachers , go out to seven different mission Sunday-schools , two of which are in our own tasteful chapels , others in country churches , and one in a private house , where they meet about 300 different pupils of all sorts , garbs and ages , but for the most part attentive listeners eager for instruction , as well as for the papers which Northern benevolence , through sundry boxes and barrels , enable us to supply . This mission Sunday-school work began with the first year of the College Church and has accomplished a large and growing good . Through these schools the college multiplies itself , carrying the Gospel , with opposition to tobacco and intoxicants , into needy places . These mission schools are a cordon of outposts surrounding the citadel . The most remote is five and a half miles away , and incidentally a good share of pluck is developed by those who , through cold or heat , mud or dust , regularly make their Sabbath day rounds . Comparatively few are regularly in these mission enterprises . For those at home there is the quiet hour and prayer meetings , a gathering in the interests of purity or temperance — enough to employ the time to the early supper hour . After that comes the last public meeting of the day in the chapel , which for some time has been conducted by our Society of Christian Endeavor . The day is a full one , with large opportunities for personal growth and usefulness . From a recent visit , I am able to write more fully of one of the meetings of the Young Men ’ s Christian Association . The hour was early , but the room was well filled . The leader took but little time and used it well . Prayers followed , with volunteer singing ; other prayers , brief and earnest , and then a quartet sang a touching evangelical hymn . Seldom have I spoken to more attentive hearers than were furnished by these fifty young men . It was an inspiration to look into their faces and to feel that in a few years they would all be scattered , if they live , to the four quarters of the world and wielding a large influence among men . I could but hope that that influence would be for good . Many earnest prayers followed , and when an opportunity was offered three young men requested prayers . They were tenderly remembered . It seemed to me that some of these petitions had in them the fervor of Pentecost . Two young men were received into the Association , and when the hour was through I felt that we had been sitting together in heavenly places in Christ . And now as a Roman could not end his speech without adding Delenda est Carthago , so I cannot close without saying that if this part of the world needs Christian schools , if Christian education is the hope of these regions , then Talladega College ought to be enlarged and endowed . Some who are giving themselves to this most blessed reconstruction wish that they had money to add also . May those who cannot come themselves send on supplies . STORRS SCHOOL , ATLANTA , GA . BY MISS ELLA E. ROPER . We are so sure of your sympathy in our spiritual prosperity that I write you informally in relation to it . Sunday , February 10 , was a peculiarly happy one for us . In the morning we had studied together how the Saviour had set the little child in the midst . At the communion service following there was a large group of candidates for admission to the church , and then again were the children “ in the midst . ” Eight were our present pupils ; another , a last year ’ s graduate . Still another was a young man who came to renew his allegiance to the church of Christ . We wished that all interested in their welfare in years gone by could look upon them . Several of the younger people admitted became interested under the preaching of Mr. Moore over a year ago , and have stood to their post manfully ever since . The present severe weather causes much acute distress . A recent case had its humorous , as well as pathetic side . In the bitter zero weather of Friday ’ s blizzard a microscopic male beggar unfolded a doleful tale , as he basked in the warmth of the kitchen fire . He gave very unsatisfactory directions to his home , and we were unsuccessful that night in locating it . Early next morning he appeared again , and we made immediate preparations for running him to cover . As we started into the street he said hesitatingly , “ Mother ’ s better now . ” “ That ’ s good ; run along . ” Presently , “ She ’ s up and dressed now . ” “ Run along , ” we admonished , and took care to keep our eyes upon him lest he vanish , since he was evidently trying to patch up a peace with his conscience . He presently darted within a cabin , and there we found a state of things to which he had hardly done justice , notwithstanding his remorse that his mother wasn ’ t exactly as he had represented her . A single stick of wood was wasting in the fireplace . Four children , smaller than the mite , were as near it as possible without being on it , eagerly scraping a tin dish with a spoon . A fifth , who had recently made the acquaintance of this world and its woes , was vigorously proclaiming his unfavorable opinion of it from the bed . “ I cannot take him up in this cold , ” the mother explained . I left them to see what could be done . On my return the last spark of fire had died upon the hearth . It was zero without and within . Our family of teachers had made up a sum sufficient for the present needs , however , and the family were soon made comfortable . At our last visit that day the room was warm , the baby was up , and evidently had changed his mind . As we were endeavoring to sort out and fit some garments , the mite ( ten years of age , but apparently about eight ) came to me , and , looking up with great solemnity , said , “ If you want any work done , I ’ ll do it for you for nothin ’. ” So you see there will be a man of business in that house as long as the mite lives . We have our usual experience of pleasant classes in Storrs this year . The same families continuing with us , year after year , seem like our own . Our Junior Christian Endeavor Society , already quite large , received nine new members at the last business meeting , and is reaching out for more . Our industrial department is slowly working in the direction of a modest exhibit at the coming Atlanta Exposition , and doing considerable toward clothing the needy with plain garments . ANDERSONVILLE , GA . MISS M. E. WILCOX . Thank you ever so much for the Hand Fund , I feel quite rich with it . These children are willing to work and the parents are glad to have them do so . They know very little about doing things properly , and the teaching which they have in industrial work may do them as much good as their books , but if you count that , then I am teaching from eight o ’ clock to five . You may wish to ask if we feel isolated and lonely . No , we are too busy for that . The scholars begin to come on the grounds before we are through breakfast , and we don ’ t have time to wish for other company . You ask how I find things . One can ’ t find out everything in two months , but as far as I can judge it is as needy a field as we have heard about . Of course the best work cannot be done in school until we can have another room , but now scholars come four or five miles , cross creeks on logs , or , when the water is too high , their folks bring them across the water and they walk the rest of the way . So far , the parents find no fault with the governing at school . One girl had troubled me by laughing and playing , and I told her at noon if she couldn ’ t study more she would better stay at home and work . Somebody told her mother what was said , and the stepfather came down and begged me to keep her , said that they couldn ’ t read and write and needed to have her know how , that they would attend “ stricter ” to her , that she would behave better when they were through with her , etc . I consented to keep her and she confided to Jennie , when she came to school , that she had had four switches “ wore out ” on her that morning . Everybody is very poor , of all races , and what is more discouraging they don ’ t know how to improve their condition . This year the Christmas freeze spoiled almost all their vegetables , and they lost all their melon crop last year , and the cold two or three weeks ago froze what garden things were started ; what they are to live on till crops grow is not visible . The children evidently think our washbasins and soap and towels a great luxury , for they scrub and rub at every opportunity . We are putting out flowers and trees and planting grass in the yard to make it more comfortable looking , the grass , partly to prevent the water from washing off so much . The church lot is higher than that of the house and in a heavy rain the water pours down on our lot , but I think we can stop it in part at least . Our “ home ” is an “ unmixed ” blessing . I don ’ t know how we could get on here without a pleasant resting place , and the people watch everything we do and everything we have . THE INDIANS . ITEMS FROM INDIAN MISSIONS . SECRETARY C. J. RYDER . At Santee Industrial School and Mission in Nebraska they have suffered a sad bereavement . The place left vacant by Mrs. Frederick B. Riggs , who has just been taken away from the loving circle of missionary workers at this station cannot be filled . Her absence will be much more than the loss of one faithful missionary . She was the life , the light and the inspiration of any circle in which she moved . The brief tribute in another column to her memory calls attention to her wide usefulness . When we met in the Mission Council last year at Oahe , S. D ., Mrs. Riggs ’ s bright and confident faith lifted up all our hearts bowed down as they were by discouragement in view of the vast work to be accomplished and the retrenchment in funds . All who were present at this Council will remember how sure she was that light would come after the darkness , and that joy would come in the morning . There has come to her the richest , fullest light and joy of the better country . When we meet at the Council this year we shall be the richer for her strong faith and the abiding presence of her self-sacrificing love . Santee Industrial School , through the rigid economy of Dr. Riggs and his faithful assistants , has enrolled more pupils than the appropriation permitted . Notwithstanding this , hundreds have been turned from the school because the funds were not sufficient to furnish them Christian instruction . From Oahe comes the report that Rev . T. L. Riggs is gradually recovering the use of his eyes . Rev . James F. Cross , of Rosebud , has been assisting Brother Riggs during his sore affliction . We are sometimes asked whether the hospital at Fort Yates is now in operation . It is not . Last year , by special solicitation , additional funds were gathered sufficient to conduct the hospital for one year . This was done . A hospital plant is always expensive , as it involves the salary of a trained physician and an assistant , together with medicines and other supplies . This year the funds have not come in outside of current receipts sufficient to provide for the expenses of the hospital , and it is , therefore , closed . This is to the serious loss of the religious work . Word comes from the prairie that the Indians , women and children especially , mourn sorely the loss of this hospital and the considerate and skillful care of our faithful physician . Miss M. P. Lord , whose address at the annual meeting in Lowell attracted so general interest , remained in the East for some weeks presenting the Indian work to the churches , Christian Endeavor Societies and women ’ s missionary societies . Her work was confined to New England . She remained as long as it seemed wise for her to be absent from the pressing duties of her mission , to which she has now returned . The following letter was recently received from her . “ IN THE LAND OF THE DAKOTAS , LITTLE EAGLE ’ S VILLAGE , March 25 , 1895 . “ During the past week I have been twice down the river to Flying By ’ s Village to attend their mid-week prayer meeting and Sunday morning service , and also to the Agency . My people seem to be active and earnest . Some of them are thinking they had better enlarge the little building they put up last year . A number of the people there are learning , teaching each other to read ; and they are asking for a women ’ s missionary society to be formed there . Catch-the-Enemy , who is active in the young men ’ s society , said to me the other day that there were fifteen members at Flying By ’ s Village . Their quarterly dues are ten cents , but the others have nothing with which to pay , and so he paid them all . “ David , dear , good , gentle David , was here to-day from Thunder Hawk ’ s . I judge that he is getting on well there . As a teacher , I think he can not but be a success , he is so gentle , patient and good , and bright , too . A week ago we had a pleasant little visit from Mr. Reed over Sunday . ” From this letter it will be seen that large opportunities are opening at this Indian mission , and most hopeful results are already being gathered . The Christian Indians are more and more realizing their own responsibility for carrying on Christian work , and are meeting it bravely . They are also responding to appeals for gifts to missionary work outside of their own tribes with self-sacrificing devotion . The collection of the Pilgrim Church at Santee , mentioned in the April magazine , increased to $ 241 . This was to meet the debt on the treasury of the American Missionary Association . Miss Collins , so well known to our readers , is now in the East in behalf of these needy Indian missions . Before leaving the prairies , she visited Oahe and Santee , and various missions aside from her own , that she might have the most recent information of the whole field . The object of her coming is to give the information , which she possesses so thoroughly , to the people and so stir them up adequately to support this field of Indian missions which is suffering so painfully for the lack of funds . There can not be any further retrenchment of the Indian work if it lives at all . It has been cut down two years in succession , and greatly suffered . Further curtailment would mean crucifixion . MRS. ADELAIDE RIDEOUT RIGGS . A beautiful life has gone out from our work , taking from it one who was loved and admired by the Indian people as well as by her fellow-workers . Mrs. Riggs was born in 1867 in Dorset , Vt ., graduating in 1887 from the Western Reserve Seminary , and after spending two years in Bradford Academy , Mass ., she came as a teacher to the Santee School , Nebraska , where she made herself exceedingly useful and was afterward employed by Dr. Riggs as his secretary . In 1893 she was married to Mr. Frederick B. Riggs and took a trip with him upon the Rosebud and Pine Ridge Reservations , camping out and sharing the hardship of such travel . Failing health led to the employment of the best medical advice , and in November , 1894 , she went to New Mexico to escape the rigors of the climate of Nebraska , where it seemed impossible that she could live through the winter . But in spite of all that could be done , Mrs. Riggs passed away March 12 , 1895 . She was admirably fitted for her work and full of enthusiasm for it . It seemed as if her usefulness had just begun , but God had prepared her for another and more glorious field . The funeral service of Mrs. Riggs was held on Sunday afternoon , March 24 , at Santee , Neb . The simple exercises were conducted by Rev . Mr. Dwin , Superintendent of the Government School , and Pastor Ehnamani . The latter is the venerable Indian pastor of the church at Santee . He referred feelingly to Mrs. Riggs giving her life to the work among his people and of her desire to be buried among those whom she loved . AN INDIAN HELPING NEEDY WHITES . The Indians have shown themselves full of sympathy , giving what they could spare of their annual issue of flannel , cloth , etc ., from the Government . One of the native pastors , Mr. Francis Frazier , told that on his way here from his home at the Rosebud Reservation , he found at the homes of all the white families great need of food . He started with a good supply for the trip , but he left some at each white man ’ s home that he passed on the way . We have no conception of this suffering . The weather has been very mild compared with last year , which has been a great blessing to these poor people . What trust in God it needs to live through such extremities ! THE CHINESE . STREET PREACHING IN CHINATOWN . REV . W. C. POND , D. D . Our brother Loo Quong writes from Fresno as follows : “ I cannot help telling you about the interest we have taken in the street preaching here in Chinatown , and the interest of the Chinese who have attended our meetings from Sunday to Sunday . It was a beautiful sight to see the great big crowd of interesting faces , to hear us sing the songs of praise to the Almighty God , and to hear the preaching of the sweet gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ , who loves the Chinese as well as all mankind . “ I have taken more interest in my preaching on the streets in this city than anywhere else , because I could get more help to sing with us . Besides , our people here seem to be more interested in such meetings than anywhere else . We begin at 12. 30 p. m. After a few hymns were sung a loud prayer was offered to our God and Master by Wong Gow . Then I mounted the chair and preached for half an hour . Then a hymn was sung , and Brother Wong Gow took the chair and preached another twenty minutes to the big and interested crowd . After this another hymn was sung . A young American boy who was a true Christian happened to pass along there , and made a stop to see what was going on . After he found out he too mounted the chair and gave the crowd a few cheerful words . Then we closed with the song : ’ Are you Washed in the Blood ,’ ( in Chinese I suppose : W. C. P .) following this with the Lord ’ s Prayer in Chinese . During all this time there was not one ever did move away from the big crowd , but rather new-comers swelled it larger and larger . There were a great many Americans in it too , and they all seemed to be interested . I am sure that a great many of the Chinese hearts , at least , were touched by the preaching of the Gospel to-day . May the Lord , help them to understand it more clearly ! STREET PREACHING IN FRESNO . STREET PREACHING IN FRESNO . “ I believe that the street preaching has become the most important part of the missionary work in this State . For nowadays , with the Chinese , things are not like those of ten or fifteen years ago , when we could get a great many Chinese into our schools to be taught English , and so the Gospel times are getting harder for them in this country every day , and they are growing old , and therefore they have more cares in their hearts and so lose interest in study . I have tried this many times . When I succeeded to get them in for one , two , three , or four nights , they are not interested and do not come again , and when urged to do so , they offer some kind of excuse . So we must take the street meetings as the main point to fight sins , to sow the seeds , and use the schools as our reapers . ” And so Loo Quong goes on to urge me to stir up the street preaching at all our missions , which thing I was and have been forward to do , even without urging . I believe he is right in saying that while we cannot dispense with the schools — indeed the whole work without these would be unorganized and fruitless — yet for “ sowing the seed , ” for reaching those who are far off , we must depend on street preaching . The English primer has largely lost its power as a bait for the gospel hook . We must do our fishing for men on other lines . Accordingly I am pressing our Chinese Christians into this work , and am providing them with cards printed in Chinese , on which they can sign their names to the simple statement : “ I like the Jesus ’ doctrine . I would be glad to study it . The preacher may call to see me at ——. ” The reverse side of the card contains the location of the mission house , names of teacher , helper , etc . The intent is that no one willing to listen to the word of life as uttered in private and personal conversation , should fail to be found and to be urged to take his stand with the followers of Christ . We wish to follow up the public service with effective private and personal preaching . Two of our Chinese brethren at Fresno are to be baptized and welcomed to the Church to-morrow . Let no one imagine that street-preaching is a new feature of our work . We have practiced it on all our fields , and ever since we had Chinese Christians capable of doing it . But it has not been attended to as regularly and with as careful preparation : it has not been made a constant and prominent element of our missionary service , as with God ’ s help I mean to make it hereafter . A friend writing from Santa Barbara says of Yong Kay : “ For some time God has been laying the burden of Chinatown upon his mind and heart . He said that he ought to be like Paul — go to those who have not heard the Gospel . So , with some singers from the church , he has gone into their street on Sunday afternoons and held open-air services . A crowd has gathered , attracted by the singing , and Yong Kay has preached to them in Chinese . Those who were interested the first time came again yesterday , and one could tell by their earnest faces that they were taking in the thought of the speaker . It was a touching scene ; and not less touching , perhaps , that little group at the mission house about to start for the preaching place , as Yong Kay gathered us about him and said : ’ We will have a short prayer .’ He went in the strength of the Lord , and he will doubtless come again , bringing his sheaves with him . ” Mrs. Davis , our teacher at San Bernardino , writes likewise : “ We had a song and preaching service in Chinatown last Sabbath , and the effort was most gratifying . About forty Chinese gathered and listened with the utmost interest , as you could see by their very earnest faces and close attention . We plan to have these services regularly if Gin Foo King can be continued with us . The longer I work with these people the more my heart goes out to them in their sad condition , out of Christ . ” BUREAU OF WOMAN ’ S WORK . MISS D. E. EMERSON , SECRETARY . CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR IN THE BLACK BELT . BY C. E. L . One hundred and twenty-five happy black faces with eager eyes and glistening white teeth ; one hundred and twenty-five little boys and girls marching into the schoolroom to go forth as Junior Endeavorers ; thus began our society this morning . How anxious we were to have the very best one of our number for president , and to choose wisely the lookout committee and the prayer-meeting committee ! For a whole week we had been thinking just whom we would choose . The neatest and most careful writer was chosen secretary , the best singers were placed on the music committee , those whose mothers have beautiful gardens were placed on the flower committee ; five of the very cheeriest of all these cheerful boys and girls make up the sunshine committee . Perhaps these children do not yet understand clearly the duties of the various officers , but the organization means something to them , and they are very careful not to do things unworthy of Christian Endeavorers . This society is the outgrowth of the Wednesday morning prayer-meeting . The meeting this morning was unusually interesting . Our topic , “ For what are you thankful ? ” we took from the GOLDEN RULE . We did find many things to be thankful for , so many , in fact , that the privileges we do not enjoy seemed to sink into insignificance . Do you think you would be thankful if you had to share a home no larger than a small bedroom with eleven or twelve brothers and sisters ? Could you give thanks if you had only one suit of clothes and that very ragged ; or if you had to walk four or five miles to school and carry your pockets full of sweet potatoes to roast in the ashes for your dinner ? Yet we can thank God for health and sunshine and flowers and school and Junior Endeavor meetings . Indeed , I cannot remember all the things we did thank Him for this morning . One thing I do remember ; we thanked Him for our voices and the many beautiful hymns we have learned to sing . Oh , how we do sing ! It seems as if we should almost raise the roof sometimes with our old favorites , “ He Arose ” and “ The Old Ship of Zion . ” We have had some very cold mornings . One day Sandy said , “ Please , ma ’ am , do they send shoes ? ’ cause I has far to come . I needs ebery ting , but I wants dem shoes . ” Poor little boy , he does indeed need “ ebery ting . ” And there are many others that would fare very badly were it not for the barrels . There are more than four hundred boys and girls in this school . I think the heartfelt thanks of these people will call down showers of blessings on the friends that have provided this school and have been so prompt in supplying our needs . WOMAN ’ S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . MAINE . WOMAN ’ S AID TO A. M. A . State Committee — Mrs. Ida Vose Woodbury , Woodfords ; Mrs. A. T. Burbank , Yarmouth ; Mrs. Helen Quimby , Bangor . NEW HAMPSHIRE . FEMALE CENT INSTITUTION AND HOME MISS . UNION . President — Mrs. Cyrus Sargeant , Plymouth . Secretary — Mrs. John T. Perry , Exeter . Treasurer — Miss Annie A. McFarland , Concord . VERMONT . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. H. Babbitt , W. Brattleboro . Secretary — Mrs. M. K. Paine , Windsor . Treasurer — Mrs. Wm . P. Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury . MASS AND R. I . ( 1 ) WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. C. L. Goodell , Boston Highlands , Mass . Secretary — Mrs. Louise A. Kellogg , 32 Congregational House , Boston . Treasurer — Miss Annie C. Bridgman , 32 Congregational House , Boston . CONNECTICUT . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Ellen R. Camp , 9 Camp St ., New Britain . Secretary — Mrs. C. T. Millard , 36 Lewis St ., Hartford . Treasurer — Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , 19 Spring St ., Hartford . NEW YORK . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Wm . Kincaid , 483 Green Ave ., Brooklyn . Secretary — Mrs. Wm . Spalding , 511 Orange St ., Syracuse . Treasurer — Mrs. J. J. Pearsall , 230 Macon St ., Brooklyn . NEW JERSEY . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION OF THE N. J . ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. A. H. Bradford , Montclair . Secretary — Mrs. R. J. Hegeman , 32 Forest Street , Montclair Treasurer — Mrs. J. H. Dennison , 150 Belleville Ave ., Newark . PENNSYLVANIA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Claflin , 274 Manhattan St ., Allegheny . Secretary — Mrs. C. F. Jennee , Ridgway . Treasurer — Mrs. T. W. Jones , 511 Woodland Terrace , Philadelphia . OHIO . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Sydney Strong , Lane Seminary Grounds , Cincinnati . Secretary — Mrs. J. W. Moore , 836 Hough Ave ., Cleveland . Treasurer — Mrs. G. B . Brown , 2116 Warren St ., Toledo . INDIANA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. W. A . Bell , 221 Christian Ave ., Indianapolis . Secretary — Mrs. W. E. Mossman , Fort Wayne . Treasurer — Mrs. F. W. Dewhurst , 28 Christian Ave ., Indianapolis ILLINOIS . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Isaac Claflin , Lombard . Secretary — Mrs. C. H. Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago . Treasurer — Mrs. L. A . Field , Wilmette . IOWA WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. O. Douglass , Grinnell . Secretary — Mrs. H. H. Robbins , Grinnell . Treasurer — Miss Belle L. Bentley , 300 Court Ave. Des Moines . MICHIGAN . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. George M. Lane , 179 West Alexandrine Ave ., Detroit . Secretary — Mrs. J. H. Hatfield , 301 Elm Street , Kalamazoo . Treasurer — Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Greenville . WISCONSIN . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. E. G. Updike , Madison . Secretary — Mrs. A. O. Wright , Madison . Treasurer — Mrs. C. M. Blackman , Whitewater . MINNESOTA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Katherine W. Nichols , 230 East Ninth Street , St. Paul . Secretary — Mrs. A. P. Lyon , 17 Florence Court , S. E ., Minneapolis . Treasurer — Mrs. M. W. Skinner , Northfield . NORTH DAKOTA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. W. P. Clevelend , Caledonia . Secretary — Mrs. Silas Daggett , Harwood . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M. Fisher , Fargo . SOUTH DAKOTA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Robbins , Bowdle . Secretary — Mrs. W. H. Thrall , Huron . Treasurer — Mrs. F. H. Wilcox , Huron . BLACK HILLS , SOUTH DAKOTA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J . B. Gossage , Rapid City . Secretary — Mrs. H. H. Gilchrist , Hot Springs . Treasurer — Miss Grace Lyman , Hot Springs . NEBRASKA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. T. Duryea , 2402 Cass Street , Omaha . Secretary — Mrs. S. C. Dean , 636 31st Street , Omaha . Treasurer — Mrs. G. J. Powell , 30th and Ohio Streets , Omaha . MONTANA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. O. C. Clark , Missoula . Secretary — Mrs. W. S. Bell , 410 Dearborn Ave. Helena . Treasurer — Mrs. Herbert E. Jones , Livingston . MISSOURI . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Henry Hopkins , 916 Holmes Street , Kansas City . Secretary — Mrs. E. C. Ellis , 2456 Tracy Ave ., Kansas City . Treasurer — Mrs. K. L. Mills , 1526 Wabash Ave ., Kansas City . KANSAS . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. F. E. Storrs , Topeka . Secretary — Mrs. George L. Epps , Topeka . Treasurer — Mrs. D. D. DeLong , Arkansas City . OREGON . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. John Summerville , 108 Second Street , Portland . Secretary — Mrs. George Brownell , Oregon City . Treasurer — Mrs. W. D. Palmer , 546 Third Street , Portland . WASHINGTON . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. A. J. Bailey , 323 Blanchard Street , Seattle . Secretary — Mrs. W. C. Wheeler , 424 South K Street , Tacoma . Treasurer — Mrs. J. W. George , 620 Fourth Street , Seattle . CALIFORNIA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . President — Mrs. E. S. Williams , 572 12th Street , Oakland . Secretary — Mrs. L. M. Howard , 911 Grove Street , Oakland . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M. Havens , 1329 Harrison Street , Oakland . SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. W. J. Washburn , 510 Downey Ave ., Los Angeles . Secretary — Mrs. P. J. Colcord , Claremont . Treasurer — Mrs. Mary M. Smith , Public Library , Riverside . NEVADA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. L. J . Flint , Reno . Secretary — Miss Margaret N. Magill , Reno . Treasurer — Miss Mary Clow , Reno . INDIAN TERRITORY . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. John McCarthy , Vinita . Secretary — Mrs. Fayette Hurd , Vinita . Treasurer — Mrs. R. M. Swain , Vinita . NEW MEXICO . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. E. Winslow , Albuquerque . Secretary — Mrs. E. W. Lewis , 301 So . Edith Street , Albuquerque . Treasurer — Mrs. H. W. Bullock , Albuquerque . MISSISSIPPI . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. L. Harris , 1421 31st Avenue , Meridian . Secretary — Mrs Edith M. Hall , Tougaloo Univ ., Tougaloo . Treasurer — Mrs. L. H. Turner , 3012 12th Street , Meridian . LOUISIANA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Bella W. Hume , corner Gasquet and Liberty Streets , New Orleans . Secretary — Mrs. Matilda Cabr è re , New Orleans . Treasurer — Mrs. C. H. Crawford , Hammond . ALABAMA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. G. W. Andrews , Talladega . Secretary — Mrs. J. S. Jackson , Montgomery . Treasurer — Mrs. E. C. Silsby , Talladega . FLORIDA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President-Mrs. S. F. Gale , Jacksonville . Secretary — Mrs. Nathan Barrows , Winter Park . Treasurer — Mrs. W. D. Brown , Interlachen . TENNESSEE , KENTUCKY AND ARKANSAS . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION OF THE TENNESSEE ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. G. W. Moore , Box 8 , Fisk Univ ., Nashville . Secretary — Mrs. Jos . E. Smith , 304 Gilmer Street , Chattanooga . Treasurer — Mrs. J. E. Moreland , 216 N. McNairy Street , Nashville . COLORADO . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. B. C. Valentine , Highlands . Secretary — Mrs. Chas . Westley , Box 508 , Denver . Treasurer — Mrs. Horace Sanderson , 1710 16th Ave ., Denver . WYOMING . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. G. S. Ricker , Cheyenne . Secretary — Mrs. W. C. Whipple , Cheyenne . Treasurer — Mrs. H. N. Smith , Rock Springs . OKLAHOMA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. H. Parker , Kingfisher . Secretary-Mrs. L. E. Kimball , Guthrie . Treasurer — Mrs. L. S. Childs , Choctaw City . UTAH ( Including Southern Idaho ) . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Clarence T. Brown , Salt Lake City , Utah . Secretary — Mrs. W. S. Hawkes , 135 Sixth Street , E ., Salt Lake City , Utah . Treasurer — Mrs. Dana W. Bartlett , Salt Lake City , Utah . Secretary for Idaho — Mrs. Oscar Sonnenkalb , Pocatello , Idaho . NORTH CAROLINA . WOMAN ’ S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. W. Freeman , Dudley . Secretary and Treasurer — Miss A. E. Farrington , High Point . TEXAS . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. M. Wendelkin , Dallas . Secretary — Mrs. H. Burt , Lock Box 563 , Dallas Treasurer — Mrs. C. I. Scofield , Dallas . GEORGIA . WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. B. Wey , 253 Forest Avenue , Atlanta . Secretary — Mrs. H. A. Kellam , Atlanta . Treasurer — Miss Virginia Holmes , Barnesville . RECEIPTS FOR MARCH , 1895 . THE DANIEL HAND FUND For the Education of Colored People . Income for March $ 38. 79 Previously acknowledged 22 , 519. 85 $ 22 , 558. 64 ========== CURRENT RECEIPTS . MAINE , $ 319. 52 . Alfred . Ladies ’ 10. 00 Missionary Circle , by Emeline L. Jordan , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Auburn . Sixth St. Cong . 15. 83 Ch ., 12. 50 ; Miss L. E. WASHBURN , 3. 33 , bal . to const . herself L. M. Bucksport . Sab . Sch ., 8. 00 Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Camden . Elm St. Cong . Ch . 18. 00 Cornish . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Eastport . Miss A . 2. 00 Bibber ’ s S. S. Class , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad ., Tenn. Fairfield . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Miss B. Paul , for Student Aid , 5. 00 Skyland Inst ., N. C. Farmington . First Cong . 21. 93 Ch ., 20. 43 ; “ A Friend , ” 1. 50 Farmington . “ A Friend , ” 10. 00 for Thunderhawk M. Garland . Cong . Ch . and 5. 50 Soc . Hampden . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Harpswell Center . Cong . 6. 00 Ch . Lamoine . Mrs. F. L. 4. 00 Hodgkins , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Limerick . Miss E. P. Hayes , Pkg . C ., for Skyland Inst ., N. C. Machias Sab . Sch ., Centre 5. 20 St. Cong . Ch . Minot Centre . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 ( of which 14. 22 bal . to const . MISS L. E. WASHBURN , L. M ) New Vineyard . Cong . Ch . 3. 05 Portland . Primary S. S. 2. 86 Class , St. Law . St. Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Rockland . Cong . Ch ., W. 25. 00 M . Soc ., 20 ; Y. P. S. E ., 5 , for Student Aid , Talladega C. Rockland . Y. P. S. C. E ., 5. 00 by Miss A. M. Moffitt , for Student Aid , Blowing Rock , N. C. Skowhegan . Island Av . 17. 00 Cong . Ch . Searsport . Mrs. James 5. 00 Pendleton , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Strong . Cong , Ch . 5. 13 Westbrook . Cong . Ch . 31. 27 Westbrook . Esther Jones , 1. 00 for Student Aid , Talladega C. York . Second Cong . Ch . 4. 50 Maine Woman ’ s Aid to A. M. A ., by Mrs. Ida V. Woodbury , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Bethel . Ch . 15. 00 South Berwick . “ A Friend ” 50. 00 Woodfords . L. M. S. 7. 25 ——. “ A Friend . ” Thank 2. 00 Offering —— 74. 25 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 527. 28 . Alstead . Third Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Alton . Cong . Ch ., 3. 15 Stereopticon Lecture , for Mountain Work Amherst . “ L. F. B . ” 170. 00 Amherst . Cong . Ch ., ad ’ l . 1. 00 Berlin . Cong . Ch . 19. 15 Bethlehem . Cong . Ch ., 6. 31 2. 55 ; C. E. Soc . Of Cong . Ch ., 3. 76 Campton . Cong . Ch ., for 10. 00 Alaska M. Colebrook . Y. P. S. C. 6. 30 E ., by John A. Hodge , Pres . East Barrington . Cong . 2. 73 Ch ., Stereopticon Lecture , for Mountain Work East Derry . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 ( Special ) , 7. 50 ; Cong . Ch ., L. M. S ., 2 Bbls . C ., for Wilmington , N. C. Epping . Cong . Ch . 10. 60 Exeter Second Cong . Ch . 125. 00 Hanover . Mary A . 7. 00 Fletcher , for Hospital , Fort Yates , N. D. Hanover Centre . “ A 5. 00 Friend , ” for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Hooksett . Cong . Ch . 15. 50 Keene . Mrs. H. J . 2. 00 Buckminster , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Langdon . Cong . Ch . 4. 60 Meriden . First Cong . Ch ., 25 copies Gospel Hymn Books , for Skyland Inst ., N. C. Milton . Cong . Ch ., 3. 36 Stereopticon Lecture , for Mountain Work New Ipswich . Sab . Sch . 10. 00 Cong . Ch . New Market . Thomas H. 10. 00 Wiswall North Hampton . Cong . Ch . 27. 00 Walpole . Cong . Ch . and 27. 08 Soc . Windham . Horace Berry 2. 00 New Hampshire Female Cent . Inst . and Home Missionary Union , by Miss Annie McFarland Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Exeter . Legacy in part , 40. 00 Miss Elizabeth A. Chadwick Concord . Mrs. Alice M. 2. 00 Nims ’ S. S. Class , South Ch . —— 42. 00 VERMONT , $ 504. 46 . Barton . W. H. M. S ., Bbl . C ., for McIntosh , Ga Benson . Cong . Ch . 6. 10 Burlington . Class in 22. 00 College St. Sab . Sch ., for the maintenance of an Indian and Negro Boy , 11 ea . Burlington . First Ch ., 0. 60 from “ Tithe ” Cambridge . W. H. M. S ., 1. 00 by Mrs. L. E. Wheelock , Bbl . C , Freight 1 , for McIntosh , Ga. Dorset . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Georgia Cong . Ch . and 7. 00 Soc . Guidhall Cong . Ch . 5. 22 Hartland Two Classes , 9. 50 Cong . Sab . Sch ., by Mrs. John P. Webster Hubbardton . Y. P. S. C. 1. 75 E ., by Miss M. I. St. John , Cor . Sec . Jericho . Second Cong . Ch . 5. 39 and Soc . Lowell . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Middlebury . Mrs. S. S. 1. 00 Shattuck Milton . Cong . Ch . and 5. 06 Soc . Montpelier . Bethany Cong . 6. 50 Ch . Newport . S. S. Tinkham , 7. 00 5 ; M. B . Hall , 2 Newport . Ladies ’ Aux ., Bbl . C ., for McIntosh , Ga. North Bennington , Cong . 45. 88 Ch . ( of which 25. 88 bal . to const . PERCEY HALL JENNINGS , WILLIAM CARROLL HALL CUSHMAN and NORMAN JULIUS SHELDON L. Ms North Craftsbury . Miss . 1. 00 Soc ., Bbl . C ., Freight 1 , for McIntosh , Ga. Northfield . Cong . Ch . and 19. 31 Soc ., ad ’ l . Norwich . Mrs. B . B . 5. 00 Newton Peacham . Cong . Ch . 28. 70 Rochester . Mrs. L. E. 1. 00 Martin , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Rutland . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 25. 00 Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . South Duxbury . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Stockbridge . Rev . T. S. 5. 39 Hubbard Wallingford . Senior and 12. 00 Junior C. E. and Friends , for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Washington Co. “ A Friend ” 20. 00 West Charleston . Chas . 1. 00 Carpenter , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . West Fairlee . E. G. May , 5. 00 for Indian Sch ., Fort Berthold , N. D. Westfield Cong . Ch . ( 1 of 11. 38 which from Lella A. Farman for Colored Work ) , 5. 35 ; Y. P. S. C. E. of Cong . Ch ., 6. 03 Westminster , West . Bbl . C ., McIntosh , Ga. Weston . Mrs. C. W. 2. 00 Sprague Williamstown . Cong . Ch . 10. 50 Williston . Cong . Ch . 8. 95 Windham . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 7. 23 Ch . $ 304. 46 ESTATE . Derby . Estate of O . B . 200. 00 Hamilton , E. A. Stewart , Adm ’ r . $ 504. 46 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 4 , 948. 31 . Amherst . Amherst College 147. 36 Ch ., by W. E. Esty , Treas . Amherst . Colored Bible Class , Bbl . C ., for Wilmington , N. C. Andover . Miss Grace M. 8. 00 Whittemore , for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Andover . West Cong . Ch ., 4. 00 Osgood Dist . Arlington . Mrs. E. S. 5. 00 Hillard , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad ., 5 ; Friends , by Mrs. L. E. Wheelock , Bbl . C ., for McIntosh , Ga. Ashby . Ortho Cong . Ch . 14. 20 Ashfield . Henry Taylor , 7. 00 5 ; Cong . Ch ., 2 Auburndale . Cong . Y. P. 32. 35 S. C. E ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Bedford . Miss Emily 1. 00 Davis , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Belchertown . Cong . Ch ., 36. 43 to const . MARTIN W. BARDWELL L. M . Beechwood . Rev . John 8. 00 Sharp Billerica . Mrs. H. B . 1. 00 Stanton Boston . Union Cong . Ch . 373. 64 Old South Ch . in part 255. 90 Mrs. Charlotte Fiske , 50. 00 for Lamson Sch ., Marshallville , Ga. William Shaw 25. 00 Maverick Cong . Ch . 31. 66 Berkeley Temple 12. 00 Z . A. Norris , for 10. 00 Mountain Work Friends in Central Ch ., 6. 00 for Indian Sch ., Oahe , So . Dak . Central Ch ., Bbl . C ., for Nat , Ala. Phillips Ch ., Sisterhood of Service , Bbl . reading matter , for Lincoln Acad ., Kings Mountain , N. C. Allston . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 7. 44 Ch . Brighton . “ Two Friends 2. 00 in Cong . Ch ., ” 1 ; Ladies Aux ., 1 , for Indian M. Dorchester . Second Cong . 31. 00 Ch ., by Mrs. Wm . Wales , 30 ; to const . MISS MARY ALICE LITTLE L. M ., and 1 for Hospital , Fort Yates , N. D. Mrs. Jacob Fullerton , 25. 00 for Hospital , Fort Yates , N. D. Mrs. E. Torrey , 10 ; Miss 18. 00 E. Tolman , 8 , for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Central Cong . Ch . 10. 40 Extra Cent a Day Band . 10. 00 Second Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. West Roxbury . Mrs. N. S. 5. 00 French for Student Aid ., 4 ; Freight , 1 . ——— 873. 04 Braintree . First Cong . 4. 81 Ch . Brockton . Thomas A . 10. 00 Baxendale , for Student Aid , Wilmington , N. C. Cambridge . Rev . J. Henry 25. 00 Thayer , D. D ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Cambridge . “ Helping Hand 8. 00 Soc ., King ’ s Daughters , ” for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Cambridge . Shepherd Mem . 5. 00 Ch ., Rev . L. S. Parker ’ s Bible Class , for Nat , Ala. Cambridgeport . Prospect 108. 26 St ., Ch . Chatham , Cong . Ch . 2. 85 Chelsea . Central Cong . 29. 55 Ch . Chester Centre . Cong . 4. 59 Ch . Cohasset . Mrs. A . 5. 00 Williams , Jr ., for Indian M ., Fort Yates , N. D. Dalton . W. M. Crane , 100. 00 for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Dedham . Sab . Sch ., First 15. 00 Cong . Ch . East Charlemont . Cong . 8. 48 Ch . East Douglas . Dea . 2. 00 Luther Hill Enfield . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 Fall River . Y. P. S. C. 25. 00 E. of Central Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U. Farmington . “ A Friend , ” 17. 50 for Indian Schp . Fitchburg . C. S. Tolman 18. 00 ( 8 of which for Wilmington , N. C .) Foxboro . Beth . Ortho . 26. 32 Cong . Ch . Greenfield . Mrs. Ellen 50. 00 M. Russell Greenwich . Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Groton . “ A Friend , ” 15 , 30. 00 for Indian M ., 10 for Mountain Work , 5 for California Chinese M ., and to const . WILLIAM HENRY HUNT L. M. Groton , Cong . Ch . Senior 15. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., 10 ; Junior Y. P. S. C. E ., 5 for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Harvard . Rev . C. C. 5. 00 Torrey Holyoke . Second Cong . 30. 00 Ch ., Ladies ’ Prayer Circle , for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La ., and to const . MRS. C. V. HEIN L. M. Hopkinton . Mrs. Mary E. Putnam , Bbl . C ., for Selma , Ala. Housantonic . Primary. 82 Sab . Sch . Class , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Hyde Park . First Cong . 22. 72 Ch . Indian Orchard . 36. 30 Christian Endeavor Soc ., by Geo . G. Bass , Treas . Lancaster . “ A Friend , ” 0. 50 for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Linden . Y. P. S. C. E. 1. 38 of Cong . Ch . Lowell . “ A Friend , ” for 25. 00 Student Aid , Evarts , Ky. Lowell . First Cong . Ch ., 7. 00 5 ; “ A. K ., ” 2 Lynn . Mrs. M. C. Bean 5. 00 Malden . Miss M. F. Aiken 5. 00 Maplewood . Primary S. S. 2. 00 Class , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Marlborough . Union Cong . 75. 00 Ch . and Soc . Medway . Bbl . of C ., for Nat , Ala. Melrose . Ortho . Cong . 84. 78 Ch . Melrose . “ Altruist , ” 1. 00 for Indian Sch ., Oahe , So . Dak . Melrose Highlands . Cong . 40. 62 Ch . Mount Hermon . Miss . Soc . 25. 00 Mt . Hermon Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U. Newton Highlands , “ A 2. 00 Friend , ” for Tougaloo U . North Andover . Christian 5. 56 End . Soc . North Beverly . Y. P. S. 3. 64 C. E. of Second Cong . Ch ., for Alaska M. North Rochester . Cong . 3. 00 Ch . Norton . Trin . Cong . Ch . 4. 84 Norwich . Ladies ’ Soc ., by Mrs. H. Cook , Bbl . C ., for Skyland Inst ., N. C. Oakham . Dea . Packard , 8 ; 16. 00 Mrs. M. S. F. Rugg , 8 , for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Oxford . Mrs. B. F. 2. 00 White , for Freight Peabody . “ H. M. S ., ” 8. 00 for Marshallville , Ga. Phillipston . Mary P. 6. 00 Estey , Memorial Daniel Parker , 5 and 1 , for Indian M. Pittsfield . Mrs. Mary E. 5. 00 Sears , Thank offering Randolph . Ladies ’ Benev . 25. 00 Ass ’ n , by Mrs. M. J. Graham Reading . Cong . Ch . 18. 00 Reading . Y. P. S. C. E ., 15. 00 Cong . Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Rockville . Cong . Ch ., 5. 00 Miss M. E. Jones , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Salem . Tabernacle Ch ., 140. 42 and Soc . ( 2 of which for Indian M .) Saugus . “ A King ’ s 5. 00 Daughter , ” Tougaloo U. Shelburne Falls . Cong . 8. 45 Ch ., Stereopticon Lecture Springfield . Y. P. S. C. 25. 00 E ., South Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Springfield . Mrs. E. W. 15. 00 Southworth , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Springfield . “ Mission 14. 00 Reserves , ” by Mrs. B. F. Thompson , for Student Aid , Blowing Rock , N. C. South Amherst . Sab . 5. 67 Sch ., Cong . Ch . Southbridge . Ladies ’ 28. 00 Social Circle Cong . Ch ., 21 ; Juv . Dept . Cong . Sab . Sch ., Birthday offerings , 5 ; E. S. Swift , 2 for Student Aid , Talladega C. South Framingham . Cong . Ch ., by Mrs. F. E. Emrick , Bbl . C ., for Skyland Inst ., N. C. South Hadley . “ A Friend 1. 00 in Mt . Holyoke College ” South Hadley Falls . “ G ” 50. 00 Somerville . Broadway 23. 20 Cong . Ch . South Natick . John Eliot , 6. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Springfield . Sab . Sch . Children , 2 Bbls ., Sundries , for S. S. Children , Talladega , Ala. Sterling . Cong . Ch . 26. 28 Taunton Y. P. S. C. E ., 17. 00 of Winslow Ch . Waltham . Miss Hope 1. 00 Foster , 1 , and Box Sundries , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Ware . “ A Friend , ” for 10. 00 Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Ware . Junior C. E ., 5 , 5. 00 for Buggy , and Bbl . C ., for McIntosh , Ga. Ware . Miss Sage , for 5. 00 Meridian , Miss . Ware . Rev . L. E. Rivard 1. 00 Westboro . “ A Servant ” 5. 00 Westboro . Miss Amelia 2. 00 Harrington , 2 and Pkg . Papers , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . West Boylston . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Westfield . Primary S. S. 3. 00 Class , Second Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . West Hawley . Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E ., by Rev . A. G. Beebee West Medway . Second Cong . 10. 00 Ch ., for Student Aid , Nat . Ala ., Bbl . of C ., for Nat ., Ala ., 10 West Newton . Dr. H. M. 10. 00 Paine Weston . By Mrs. E. M. 25. 00 Knox , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosie , Va. Weymouth and Braintree . 30. 00 Union Cong . Ch . Weymouth Heights . Bbl . of C ., for Nat , Ala. Westminister . 5. 00 “ Westminster ” Williamsburg . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Wilmington . Cong . Ch . 4. 31 Winchester . Miss C. C. 3. 00 Varney , 2 ; Two Ladies , 1 , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Woburn . Intermediate 8. 00 Dept ., Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Nat ., Ala. Worcester . Plymouth Cong . 83. 84 Ch ., 37. 42 ; Salem St . Ch ., 36. 42 ; Dr. Lamson Allen , “ Thank Offering , ” 10 Hampden Benevolent Association , by George R. Bond , Treas . : Chicopee . Second Ch . 35. 95 East Longmeadow 10. 13 Longmeadow 71. 73 Ludlow . First Ch . 14. 00 Southwick 2. 00 Springfield . North Ch ., 89. 17 bal . to const . EDWARD E. THAYER , CLINTON W. STEBBINS , CHARLES H. RUST and CHARLES W. POLLNER L. M .’ s Springfield . Hope Ch ., 27. 51 Special Springfield . Emmanuel Ch . 4. 00 ——— 254. 49 Woman ’ s Home Missionary Association of Mass , and R. I ., Annie C. Bridgman , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : W. H. M. A ., for 338. 47 Salaries Boston . Ladies Aux . Old 50. 00 South Ch ., for Alaska M. Milton . Ladies ’ Aux . 25. 28 Keene , N. H. Second Ch ., 20. 00 Mrs. Dr. Bevoise ’ s S. S. Class ——— 433. 75 $ 3 , 448. 31 ESTATES . Beverly . Estate of 600. 00 Harriet W. Smith , by F. H. Morgan , Adm ’ r . Boston . Estate of 400. 00 Frederick D. Allen , by Frederick B. Allen , B. Preston Clark and Elihu G. Loomis , Executors Watertown . Estate of 500. 00 Jennette T. Kimball , by John E. Abbott $ 4 , 948. 31 CLOTHING , BOOKS , ETC ., RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE : Cambridgeport , Mass . “ A Friend in Prospect St . Ch ., ” Box S. S. Books for Thomasville , Ga. Oxford , Mass . Mrs. B. F. White , Box Books . RHODE ISLAND , $ 91. 70 . Central Falls . Cong . Ch . 43. 50 Providence . N. W. 16. 70 Williams , 15 ; North Cong . Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E ., 1. 70 Providence . No . 4 Bell St ., One large Human ’ s Calendar , for Beach Inst ., Ga. Slatersville . Y. P. S. C. 3. 00 E. of Cong . Ch . Woonsocket . Globe Cong . 28. 50 Ch . CONNECTICUT , $ 7 , 090. 15 . Abington . Y. P. S. C. E ., 5. 00 by Anna F. Bird , Sec ., for Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn. Berlin . Member Second 10. 00 Cong . Ch . Branford . H. G. Harrison 10. 00 Branford . “ Unknown 10. 00 Friend , ” for Lowell , N. C. Branford . Cong . Y. P. S. 10. 00 C. E ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Bridgeport . Lena J . 42. 00 Upson , for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Bridgeport . Mem . Mission 25. 00 Circle , First Cong . Ch ., for Share , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Bridgeport . Olivet Ch ., 3. 00 Ladies ’ M. Soc . Bristol . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 17. 86 Ch . Canaan . Pilgrim Cong . Ch . 19. 71 Deep River . Middlesex 6. 15 Conference , by Rev . Wm . H. Knouse East Hartford . Cong . Sab . 10. 00 Sch ., Mrs. Kilbourne ’ s Class , for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . East Lyme . Cong . Ch ., 2 ; 3. 50 C. E . Soc ., 1. 50 , by Rev . E. G. Stone East Wallingford . Mrs. 4. 50 Benjamin Hall East Woodstock . Cong . Ch . 40. 42 Enfield . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 10. 00 for Student Aid , Talladega C. Farmington . First Cong . 100. 00 Ch . Glastonbury . Sab . Sch ., 25. 00 by S. H. Williams , for Student Aid , Blowing Rock , N. C. Greenwich . Second Cong . 111. 67 Ch . Hartford . J . B. Williams , 50. 00 for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Hartford . Pearl St. Cong . 36. 20 Ch . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U. Huntington . Cong . Ch . 8. 00 Ivoryton . Mrs. J. E. 8. 00 Northrup , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Jewett City . L. H. M. S ., Bbl . C ., for A. N. and I . Inst ., Thomasville , Ga. Meriden . “ A Friend , ” 5 ; 10. 00 Mrs. Merriam , 5 , for Tougaloo U. Meriden . “ Members First 8. 00 Cong . Ch . ” Meriden . First Cong . Ch ., 5. 00 “ I. H. N ., ” for Mountain Work New Hartford . North Cong . 31. 63 Ch . New Haven . Howard Av ., Y . 25. 00 P. S. C. E ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . New Haven . Dwight Place Ch ., Bbl . C ., for Nat , Ala. Norfolk . L. H. M. S ., Box of C ., for A. N. and I . Inst ., Thomasville , Ga. North Stamford . Junior 3. 30 and Senior C. E. Societies by Winifred Swinnerton . Sec Norwich . Y. P. S. C. E. 12. 00 of Second Cong . Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Norwich . Broadway Sab . 10. 00 Sch . for Indl . Shop , McIntosh , Ga. Norwich . Sab . Sch ., 6. 57 Second Cong . Ch ., for Athens , Ala. Norwich . Miss M. T. 8. 00 Norton , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Norwich . Ladies of Cong . 6. 30 Ch ., by Mrs. E. R. Huntington Norwich Town . “ A Friend 100. 00 in First Ch . ” Old Saybrook . Cong . Ch . 41. 46 Oxford . Cong . Ch . 12. 70 Plainville . Cong . Ch ., 47. 33 32. 33 ; “ Friends , ” 15 Plymouth . Mr. and Mrs. 40. 00 John M. Wardwell , for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Saybrook . Mrs. Geo . 5. 00 Dibble Scitico . Mrs. C. E. Stone , S. S. Papers , for A. N. and I . Inst ., Thomasville , Ga. Sharon . First Cong . Ch . 9. 85 Somers . Sab . Sch . Class , 1. 00 for Wilmington , N. C. Sound Beach . Pilgrim Cong . Ch ., Box Papers , for Talladega C. South Canaan . Y. P. S. C. 4. 20 E ., by Miss Jennie D. Chase South Coventry . Y. P. S. 5. 00 C. E ., by Mrs. A. K. Avery , Treas . South Glastonbury . Sab . 6. 36 Sch ., Cong . Ch . Stamford . Y. P. S. C. E. 10. 35 of Cong . Ch ., for Alaska M. Stonington . First Cong . 21. 50 Ch . Suffield . First Cong . 30. 00 Ch ., to const . MISS HELEN V. MASON L. M. Terryville . Lois Gridley 5. 00 Thomaston . First Cong . 11. 09 Ch . Tolland . Y. P. S. C. E ., 6. 00 by W. A. Agard Warren . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Waterbury . “ A Friend , ” 163. 94 100 ; Second Cong . Ch ., 63. 94 Watertown . Sab . Sch ., 20. 00 Cong . Ch ., 12 ; Primary Dept . of Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Wilmington , N. C ., 8 West Hartford . “ Two 5. 00 Friends ” Westminster . Mrs. S. B . 5. 00 Carter West Suffield . Cong . Ch . 17. 06 West Torrington . Cong . Ch ., L. M. S ., Bbl . C ., for Wilmington , N. C. Wilton . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Windham . Cong . Ch ., and 33. 37 Soc . Winsted . David Strong , 37. 00 30 ; “ Other Friends , ” 7 , for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. —— “ A Friend ” 25. 00 Woman ’ s Cong . Home Missionary Union of Conn ., by Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Abington . R. F. A . 0. 80 Williams Danbury . Young Ladies ’ 20. 00 Mission Circle , West St. Ch . Enfield . Mrs. Horace 30. 00 Patten , by L. B . Soc ., to const . MRS. HENRY B. PATTEN L. M. Higganum . L. H. M. Soc . 15. 50 New Haven . United Ch ., L. 30. 00 A . Soc ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Norwich . Broadway Ch . 150. 00 Norwich . Park Ch ., Aux . 25. 00 Norwich Town 17. 83 Plainville . Aux . 5. 00 Stonington . Agreement 10. 00 Hill , H. M. S. Terryville . L. B. Soc . 11. 00 Trumbull . W. H. M. Union 25. 00 Woodbury . First Ch . Aux . 11. 00 ——— 351. 13 $ 1 , 746. 13 ESTATES . Cornwall . Estate of Silas 2 , 000. 00 C. Beers , by John C. Calhoun , Executor Norfolk . Estate of Mrs. 1 , 544. 00 Mary Langdon Porter , F. E. Porter , Ex . West Hartford . Estate 1 , 800. 00 Nancy S. Gaylord , Francis H. Parker , Executor $ 7 , 090. 13 NEW YORK , $ 2 , 188. 96 . Albany . First Cong . Ch . 29. 61 Albany . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C ., for Skyland Inst . N. C. Bridgewater . Y. P. S. C. 6. 00 E. of Cong . Ch ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Bronxville . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 Brooklyn . Church of the 1 , 013. 12 Pilgrims , 860. 63 ; South Cong . Ch ., 145. 95 ; Rochester Ave. Cong . Ch ., 6. 54 Brooklyn . Miss Ellen 26. 00 Thurston , 25 ; Miss Grace D. Davis , 1 , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Brooklyn . Mrs. E. M. 10. 00 Hodge , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Brooklyn . Clinton Ave ., Young Ladies ’ Guild , Box C ., for Saluda , N. C. Brooklyn . Park Ch ., 3 Bbls . C ., for Big Creek Gap , Tenn. Brooklyn . Evangel . Circle of King ’ s Daughters , Box and Bbl . C ., for Saluda , N. C. Brooklyn . Plymouth Cong . Ch ., Young Women ’ s Guild , Bbl . Household Supplies , for Lincoln Acad ., King ’ s Mountain , N. C. Berkshire . “ A Friend , ” 5. 00 for Student Aid . Gregory Inst . Canaan Four Corners . 1. 60 Cong . Ch . Canandaigua . First Cong . 58. 18 Ch . Clear Creek . Cong . Ch . 3. 15 Clifton Springs . “ Two 20. 00 Friends , ” 10 ; Two Members Cong . Ch ., Epping , N. H ., 10 Honeoye . Cong . Ch . 30. 35 Kiantone . Lewis H. 1. 66 Cheney Lewis . “ Friends , ” for 3. 75 Talladega C. Lisle . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C ., Freight Paid , for McIntosh , Ga. Little Falls . Loomis 11. 00 Burrill , 10 ; Miss A. Loomis , 1 , for Student Aid , A. N. and I . School , Thomasville , Ga. Little Valley . MRS. 350. 00 RACHEL CHAPMAN to const . herself , REV . EMILY C. WOODRUFF , WILLIAM HALL , MRS. B. WEIDMAN , DE HART AMES , HENRY HELSH , MISS EMMA WILLIAMS , MRS. IDA EDMUNDS and MRS. A. W. ROBERTS L. M ’ s . Lynbrook . Junior C. E. 10. 13 Soc ., 6. 13 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 4 , by Mrs. R. D. Jacques , for Student Aid , A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Maine . Woman ’ s Union of Cong . Ch ., Box of Bedding , etc ., for Talladega C. Middle Island . Mrs. 10. 00 Hannah M. Overton , for Mountain Work Morrisville . Cong . Ch . 11. 00 New Haven . “ Willing Workers , ” Pkg . Flower Seeds , for Lincoln Acad ., King ’ s Mt ., N. C. New Haven . Mrs. R. E. Johnson , Box of Sch . Apparatus , for Big Creek Gap , Tenn. New York . Bethany Sab . 100. 00 Sch ., by W. R. Robinson , Treas ., for Fort Berthold , Indian M. New York . Miss D. E. 25. 00 Emerson , for A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . New York . Samuel B. Schiefellin , Case of Books , for Talladega C. New York . REV . JOHN B . 52. 12 DEVINS , to const . himself L. M ., 30 ; Puritan Ch ., 14 ; Forest Av ., Cong . Sab . Sch ., 8. 12 North Walton . Misses Lucy 5. 00 and Alice Weed , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Nunda . Mrs. Mary Cosnett , 25. 00 proceeds sale of a beautiful silk quilt made by her own hands for the Lord ’ s work Olean . W. H. M. S ., Bbl . C ., for Hillsboro , N. C. Oxford . Cong . Ch . 18. 00 Perry Center . Bbl . C ., 1. 96 Freight , 1. 96 , for Tougaloo U. Ph [ oe ] nix . Sab . Sch ., 10. 50 Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Rochester . Miss Clara M. 3. 31 Janes Saratoga . C. M. Blodgett , 1. 00 for Indian M. Saratoga . Bbl . C ., for Lincoln Acad ., Kings Mt ., N. C. Sherburne . Mrs. C. S. 5. 00 Gorton , 4. 50 ; Miss Carrie Gorton , 50c ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Syracuse . E. W. Parmelee 30. 00 Syracuse . C. A. Hamlin , Bbl . Papers , for Beaufort , N. C .; Mrs. C. A. Hamlin , Pkg . Literature , for Beach Inst ., Ga. Syracuse . “ Pansy Circle , King ’ s Daughters , ” Pkg . S. S. Papers , etc ., for A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Syracuse . Mrs. Spaulding , Box Papers and Books , for Big Creek Gap , Tenn. Walton . First Cong . Ch . 77. 27 Watertown . Cong . Ch . L. M . Soc ., 2 Bbls . C. ( including 5 doz . Napkins and 4 Table Cloths ) , for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Wellsville . First Cong . 42. 25 Ch . West Bloomfield . Cong . 33. 35 Ch . Woodhaven . S. S. Class , 2. 00 for Saluda , N. C. Woodside . Y. P. S. C. E ., 2. 65 by Fannie Jones , Sec . Women ’ s Home Missionary Union of N. Y. by Mrs. J. J. Pearsall , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Baiting Hollow . C. E. 3. 00 Buffalo . First Ch ., H. M. 25. 00 S. New York . Broadway Tab . 50. 00 Ch . Soc ., for Woman ’ s Work Poughkeepsie . L. H. M. S. 25. 00 ——— 103. 00 $ 2 , 138. 96 ESTATE . Jefferson . Estate of 50. 00 Susanna Ruliffson in memory of Betsey Hubbard , by Mrs. C. Nichols $ 2 , 188. 96 NEW JERSEY , $ 527. 50 . Belvidere . Ladies ’ Miss . 3. 00 Soc ., Oxford Pres . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. East Orange . First Cong . 66. 50 Ch ., 54. 07 ; Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., 12. 43 Elizabeth . Mission Band 10. 00 First Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Share , McIntosh , Ga. Moorstown . J. W. Walton , 5. 00 for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Newark . Bellville Ave. 190. 00 Cong . Ch ., 140 ; C. S. Haines , 50 Newark . Frank Blanchard , 12. 00 for Student Aid , Tillotson Inst . Orange . Mrs. Sarah 5. 00 Spottiswood Orange Valley . Cong . Ch . 66. 00 Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of the N. J . Assn ., by Mrs. J. H. Denison , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : W. H. M. U . 150. 00 Montclair . W. H. M. S ., 20. 00 First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. ——— $ 170. 00 PENNSYLVANIA , $ 86. 90 Germantown . E. I. H. 1. 00 Howell , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Neath . Cong . Ch . 8. 90 Philadelphia . Mrs. E. H. 59. 00 Farnum , 50 ; Mrs. Wm . H. Kimball , 5 ; E. F. Partridge , 2 ; “ A Friend , ” 1 ; Miss M. Elsy , 1 , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Philadelphia . Mrs. M. V. 18. 00 Morris , 10 ; Mrs. A. E. Baker , 8 , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . OHIO , $ 642. 67 . Ashland . J. O. Jennings 10. 00 Ashtabula . L. J. Deming , 30. 00 to const . LUCIUS DEMING L. M. Castalia . First Cong . Ch . 32. 40 Chester Cross Roads . 1. 50 Cong . Ch . Cincinnati . Miss 2. 00 Pappenheimer , for Student Aid , Tillotson Inst . Clarksfield . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Cleveland . Horace Ford , 20. 00 15 ; T. M. Bates , 5 , for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. Cleveland . Pilgrim Ch ., 5. 00 Int . C. E ., for Santee , Indian M. Cleveland . Mrs. C. A . 2. 00 Garlick , for Warner Inst ., Jonesboro , Tenn. Cleveland . Miss Cora Bean , Box of Domestic Goods , for Albany , Ga. Coolville . Miss Margaret 200. 00 B. Bartlett Cortland . First Cong . Ch . 2. 32 East Liverpool . Rev . H. 50. 00 D. Kitchel Fredericksburg . Cong . 6. 00 Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E. Geneva . “ W. A . ” 5. 00 Hudson . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Jewell . T. B. Goddard 100. 00 Medina . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 14. 30 Ch ., 13. 30 ; Junior Endeavor Soc ., 1 , for Mountain Work North Amherst . Y. P. S. 8. 75 C. E ., 6. 75 ; Junior Y. P. S. E ., for Indian M ., 2 Oberlin . Second Cong . 61. 40 Ch ., 46. 40 ; Sab . Sch . First Ch ., 15 Oberlin . Mrs. Geo . Clark 11. 00 and “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Oberlin . Mary Williams , Bbl . C ., for Albany , Ga. Parkman . S. R. Dole , for 5. 00 Ballard Sch ., Macon , Ga. Rootstown . Lloyd Hinman 10. 00 Salem . Mrs. B. W. Allen 25. 00 Toledo . Central Ch ., W. 2. 00 M. U ., for Standing Rock , Indian M. Wellington . Y. P. S. C. 4. 00 E ., by F. W. Andrus , Sec . Wooster . Lizzie D. 20. 00 Mullins , for Teacher , Thunderhawk M . INDIANA , $ 1. 00 . Butler . Mrs. Ida E. Hose 1. 00 ILLINOIS , $ 618. 87 . Alton . Mrs . I. D. 1. 00 Gillman , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Anna . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Aurora . First Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Bowmanville . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Champaign . Jr. C. E. Soc . 4. 44 Chandlerville . Cong . Ch . 52. 57 Chicago . First Cong . Ch ., 190. 53 150. 73 ; South Ch ., W. H. M. U ., 39. 80 Chicago . Lincoln Park 10. 00 Cong . S. S ., Mrs. Boyce , Class No . 8 , for New Hall , Tillotson Inst . Chicago . Mrs. Harriet 8. 00 Blake , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Chicago . ——, for 5. 00 Indian M. Chicago . Cong . Ch ., Jr. C. E ., Box Books and Papers , for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Cobden . Sab . Sch ., 2. 00 Birthday Box , 1. 25 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 75c Elmwood . Cong . Ch . 7. 00 Evanston . Mrs. J. H. 5. 00 Hurlbut Geneseo . Mrs. P. 3. 00 Huntington , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Hamilton . Chas . Grubb 5. 00 Hinsdale . Sab . Sch . Cong . 75. 00 Ch ., for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. La Grange . Y. P. S. C. E. 3. 00 Malta . Cong . Ch . 4. 50 Marshall . Cong . Ch . 8. 10 Morris . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 North Aurora . Sab . Sch . 5. 00 by Nellie Schneider Oak Park . Mrs. E. J . 25. 00 Humphrey Peoria . Plymouth Cong . 21. 00 Ch . Polo . Emma R. Parsons 2. 00 Rio . Cong . Ch . 8. 02 Saint Charles . Cong . Ch . 13. 75 Seward . Second Cong . Ch ., 10. 00 7. 60 ; Sab . Sch ., by Robert H. Wright Treas ., 2. 40 Shabbona . “ A Christian 3. 00 Endeavorer , ” for Almeda Gardner Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Sterling . Sab . Sch ., 4. 12 Cong . Ch . Thawville . Cong . Ch . 3. 45 Tolono . Mrs. L. Haskell , 11. 00 10 ; and for Valdese M ., 1 Tonica . C. E. Soc . of 4. 00 Cong . Ch . Illinois Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Mrs. L. A . Field , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Chicago . New England W. 10. 40 M. S. Jacksonville . W. M. S. 21. 00 Moline . First W. M. S. 16. 00 Ottawa . Jr. C. E. 7. 34 Pecatonica . Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E. Poplar Grove . W. M. S. 6. 65 Rockford . First Cong . 25. 00 Ch ., W. M. S. ——— 91. 39 MICHIGAN , $ 272. 11 . Ann Arbor . First Cong . 56. 10 Ch . Calumet . Cong . Ch . 31. 00 Calumet . Sab . Sch ., Cong . 37. 50 Ch ., for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. Churches Corners . J. F. 2. 00 Douglass , for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Corinth . ——— 2. 42 Detroit . First Cong . Ch ., 24. 00 Young Ladies ’ Union , 12 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 12 , for Student Aid , Santee Indian Sch . Dorr . Cong . Ch ., 14. 31 , 16. 34 and Sab . Sch . 2. 03 Maple City , Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Olivet . Cong . Ch ., 5. 00 Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Olivet . Cong . Ch ., Three 3. 00 S. S. Classes , for Lexington , Ky. South Haven . Clark Pierce 10. 00 Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of Michigan , by Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Armada . L. A. S. . 50 Benton Harbor . Y. P. S. 6. 00 C. E ., for Student Aid , A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Benzonia . Y. P. S. C. E ., 2. 50 for Student Aid , Santee , Neb ., Pleasant Hill , Tenn ., and Moorhead , Miss . Detroit . First . Ch ., 25. 00 Woman ’ s Ass ’ n . Detroit . First Ch ., Jun . 5. 00 Soc ., for Student Aid , A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Grand Rapids . Park Ch ., 3. 75 W. H. M. S. Greenville . Y. L. M. S ., 5. 00 for Student Aid , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Harrison . W. H. M. S. 0. 50 Hopkins Station . Helping 0. 50 Hand M. B ., for Student Aid , A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . Metamora . W. H. M. S. 10. 00 Three Oaks . W. H. M. S ., 5. 00 for Student Aid , A. G . Sch ., Moorhead , Miss . South Lake Linden . 20. 00 Woman ’ s Ass ’ n , 10 , for Student Aid , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. and 10 for Indian Student Aid , Santee , Neb . ——— 83. 75 IOWA , $ 281. 70 . Alden . Mrs. L. R. Fitch , 1. 00 for Work in South Carolina Burlington . Cong . Ch . 57. 25 Clay . Cong . Ch . 15. 52 Davenport . Edwards Cong . 58. 25 Ch . Des Moines . “ A Friend , ” 10. 00 for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Fairfield . Cong . Y. P. S. 2. 00 C. E ., for McIntosh , Ga. Genoa Bluff . Cong . Ch . 5. 06 Grandview . Cong . Ch ., Ladies ’ M . Soc ., Bbl . C ., for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Granger . Junior C. E . Soc ., by Mrs. C. M. Gammon , Carpet for Chapel Platform ; Prairie Hill Cong . Sab . Sch ., Pkg . Papers , for Beach Inst ., Ga. Kelly . Sab . Sch ., Infant Class , by Miss L. B. Gossard , 5 Pkgs . Literature and 4 yds . Toweling , for Beach Inst ., Ga. Keokuk . Miss Rebecca H. 5. 00 Wilson Sioux City . Mary and Sadie West , Sub . for Harper ’ s Young People , 1895 , for Beach Inst ., Ga. Sloan . Mrs. R. F. 5. 00 Gallaher , for McIntosh , Ga. Waucoma . Cong . Ch . 6. 75 Waterloo . Miss Lucy O . 10. 00 Leavitt , 10 , and Box of C ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Iowa Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Miss Belle L. Bentley , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Alden . Jr. C. E. 5. 00 Anita . Y. P. S. C. E. 6. 25 Cedar Rapids . W. M. S. 3. 00 Central City . W. M. S. 6. 00 Eldora . W. M. S. 10. 50 Magnolia . W. M. S. 1. 50 Newburg . Mrs. James 0. 50 Newcomer Ottumwa . Jr. C. E. 5. 00 Red Oak . W. M. S. 25. 00 Shenandoah . W. M. S. 15. 60 Waterloo . W. M. S. 11. 75 Waucoma . W. M. S. 10. 00 Iowa W. H. M. Union , 5. 77 Undesignated Funds ——— 105. 87 WISCONSIN , $ 222. 14 . Appleton . Cong . Ch . 13. 44 Fulton . Cong . Ch ., 3. 17 ; 3. 71 Indian Ford Station , 54c Lake Geneva . Cong . Ch . 25. 94 Janesville . Miss S. A . 4. 00 Watson , for Student Aid , Chandler Sch ., Lexington , Ky. Kenosha . Thomas 10. 00 Gillespie , M. D. Menasha . Cong . C. E. 8. 60 Soc ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Milwaukee . Grand Av ., 10. 00 ad ’ l Milwaukee . Miss Lucy S. 1. 00 Toplin , for Meridian , Miss . New Richmond . First Cong . 17. 61 Ch . River Falls . Cong . Ch ., 31. 00 to const . MISS EUNICE PRATT L. M. Springvale . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., Box Books , etc ., for Nat , Ala. Sturgeon Bay . Y. P. S. C. 3. 00 E ., for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . Tomah . Cong . Ch . 10. 80 Union Grove . Cong . Ch ., 37. 81 33. 41 , C. E. Soc . of Cong . Ch ., 4. 40 Viroque . Cong . Ch . 4. 13 Wisconsin Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Mrs. C. M. Blackman , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Arena . W. H. M. S. 1. 10 Emerald Grove . W. H. M. 10. 00 S. Kenosha . W. H. M. S. 5. 00 Madison . W. H. M. S. 18. 00 Wauwatosa 7. 00 ——— 41. 10 MINNESOTA , $ 88. 23 . Fairmont . Cong . Ch . 2. 21 Hasty . Cong . Sab . Sch ., 7. 90 for Student Aid , Tougaloo U. Litchfield . Mrs. M. 3. 00 Weeks , for Meridian , Miss . Minneapolis . Lyndale 30. 48 Cong , Ch ., 12. 50 ; W. H. Norris , 12 ; “ Rodelmer , ” 5. 98 Minneapolis . Y. P. S. C. 11. 50 E. of Plym . Ch ., for Hospital , Fort Yates , N. D. St. Paul . Pacific Cong . 6. 12 Ch . St. Paul . Rev . H. H. 2. 00 Hart , for Burrell Sch ., Selma , Ala. Stillwater . Grace Cong . 3. 32 Ch . Zumbrota . First Cong . Ch . 21. 70 KANSAS , $ 22. 25 . Kansas City . First Cong . 11. 25 Ch . Topeka . Primary S. S. 5. 00 First Cong . Ch ., for Meridian , Miss . Wabaunsee . First Ch . of 6. 00 Christ MISSOURI , $ 152. 71 . De Soto . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Peirce City . First Cong . 16. 00 Ch . St. Louis . Reber Place 11. 27 Cong . Ch ., 6 ; Hope Cong . Ch ., 5. 27 Webster Groves . First 1. 25 Cong . Ch . Womans ’ Home Missionary Union of Mo ., by Mrs. K. L. Mills , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Sedalia . First Ch ., L. H. 15. 68 M. S. Meadville . Cong . Ch ., L. 10. 00 H. M. S. St. Louis . Memorial Ch ., 10. 00 L. H. M. S. Neosha . Cong . Ch ., L. H. 5. 75 M. S. Lebanon . Cong . Ch ., L. H. 10. 00 M. S. Nichols . Cong . Ch ., L. H. 3. 00 M. S. Springfield . First Cong . 5. 00 Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E. St. Louis . Pilgrim Ch ., 12. 50 Y. P. S. C. E. Kansas City . So . West 5. 00 Tab ., Y. P. S. C. E. St. Louis . Olive Branch 4. 26 Ch ., L. H. M. S. Hannibal . Hannibal Ch ., 3. 00 L. H. M. S. St Louis . Pilgrim , L. H. 1. 00 M. S. Bonne . Terre Cong . Ch ., 10. 00 L. H. M. S. St. Louis . Union Cong . 25. 00 Ch ., L. H. M. S. ——— 120. 19 ARKANSAS , $ 1. 00 . Helena . Miss E. M. 1. 00 Thomason NEBRASKA , $ 268. 96 Arborville . Cong . Ch ., 5. 00 1. 25 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 2. 50 ; King ’ s Daughters , 1. 25 , by F. N. Recknor , Ch . Treas . Ashland . Cong . Ch . 13. 00 Blair . Cong . Ch . 4. 50 Cook . F. E. Craig 5. 00 Fremont . Cong . Ch . 26. 35 Hastings . Cong . Ch . 5. 65 Nebraska City Woman ’ s 5. 00 Miss . Soc ., by Mrs. E. W. Clark , Treas ., for Tougaloo U. Santee Agency . Pilgrim 200. 00 Cong . Ch . Wallace . Cong . Ch . 4. 46 NORTH DAKOTA , $ 8. 26 . Fort Yates . Standing Rock 6. 20 Chapel , Coll . 2. 60 ; Cannon Ball Chapel , 3. 60 , by Rev . Geo . W. Reed Jamestown . Cong . Ch . 2. 06 SOUTH DAKOTA , $ 32. 38 . Aurora . Cong . Ch . 5. 12 Holabird . Mrs J. S. 1. 50 Harris Pierre . First Cong . Ch ., 25. 76 18. 58 ; Sab . Sch ., 5. 63 , and C. E ., 1. 55 COLORADO , $ 53. 70 . Boulder . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Fruita . L. U. S ., for A . 2. 50 N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Grand Junction . Cong . Ch . 5. 05 Greeley . Park Cong . Ch . 16. 15 Lafayette . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Womans ’ Home Missionary Union of Colo. by Mrs. Horace Sanderson , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : W. M. H. U . 15. 00 CALIFORNIA , $ 20. 25 . Campbell . Primary Class 3. 00 Cong . S. S ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Redlands . Mrs. M. W. 2. 00 Gaylord , for Standing Rock Indian M. Sutter Co. “ E . ” 5. 00 Woodland . Cong . Ch . 10. 25 OREGON , $ 16. 90 . Portland . Cong . Ch . Y. P. 8. 00 S. C. E ., for Burrell Sch ., Selma , Ala. Salem . Sab . Sch . First 7. 90 Cong . Ch . Willsburg . Cong . Ch . Jun . 1. 00 C. E. Soc . WASHINGTON , $ 8. 01 . Fidalgo City . Rev . Horace 3. 01 J. Taylor Skokomish . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , $ 28. 76 . Washington . “ A Friend , ” 28. 76 for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La ., 2 ; Plymouth Cong . Ch ., 6. 76 ; “ A Friend , ” for Alaska M ., 2 KENTUCKY , $ 10. 55 . Combs . Con . Ch . 3. 55 Red Ash . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Williamsburg . Rev . H. B . 5. 00 Fry Williamsburg . Rev . Geo . Ames , 2 Chairs , for Big Creek Gap , Tenn . TENNESSEE , $ 69. 00 . Big Creek Gap . Cong . Ch ., 14. 00 9 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 Memphis . “ Friends ” 15. 00 Nashville . Union Ch ., 25 ; 40. 00 Rev . H. S. Bennett , 10 ; Rev . C. W. Dunn , 5 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 9. 55 . Raleigh . Cong . Ch . 2. 55 Strieby . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Valle Cruces . Rev . M. 3. 00 Jones , for Student Aid , Skyland Inst ., N. C . GEORGIA , $ 25. 56 . Atlanta . First Cong . Ch . 4. 50 Byron . Cong . Ch . and 1. 50 Sab . Sch . Cypress Slash . Cong . 3. 00 Ch ., 1. 80 ; Rev . J . A. Jones , 1. 20 McIntosh . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 McIntosh . Miss Nellie I . 2. 40 Reed , for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Rutland . Cong . Ch . and 2. 50 Sab . Sch . Thomasville . Bethany 5. 01 Cong . Ch . Woodville . Rev . J. H. H. 1. 65 Sengstacke , 75c . ; Rev . J. Loyd , 45c . ; Pilgrim Ch ., 45c . ALABAMA , $ 66. 45 . Marion . Cong . Ch ., 16. 09 ; 27. 35 Miss . Prayer Meeting , 9. 91 ; Infant Class , Cong . Ch . Sab . Sch . for Rosebud Indian M ., 1. 35 Mobile . First Cong . Ch ., 8. 50 6. 50 , and Sab . Sch ., 2 Sylacauga . First Cong . 1. 60 Ch . Tuskegee . Rev . E. J . 14. 00 Penney , for Student Aid , Talladega C. Alabama Woman ’ s Missionary Union , by Mrs. E. C. Silsby , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : State Fees 6. 50 Marion . W. M. U . 3. 50 Montgomery . W. M. U . 5. 00 ——— 15. 00 LOUISIANA , $ 19. 21 . New Orleans . Mrs. Anna 11. 63 Harris , 5 ; Rev . Geo . W. Henderson , 3 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., of Straight U ., 3. 63 New Orleans . Morris 2. 08 Brown Junior S. C. E ., 1. 08 , for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga ., and 1 for Straight U. Schriever . Louisiana 5. 50 State Assn . MISSISSIPPI , $ 39. 00 . Moorhead . Miss E. L. 30. 00 Parsons , for A. G . Sch ., Moorhead Tougaloo . Miss C. E. 9. 00 Parkhurst , 6 ; Frank H. Ball , 3 , for Student Aid , Tougaloo U . TEXAS , $ 5. 00 . Austin . “ Tradesmen of 5. 00 Austin , ” for Blacksmith Shop , Tillotson Inst . NEW MEXICO , $ 4. 40 . White Oaks . Plym . Cong . 3. 00 Ch . Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of New Mexico , Miss Helen Whedon Bullock , Treas ., for Women ’ s Work : Albuquerque . W. H. M. U . 1. 40 ———, $ 23. 00 . —— “ Ellen B. Stanley , 10. 00 for Teacher ’ s Library , Straight U . —— “ A Friend , ” for 10. 00 Knoxville , Tenn. —— “ Friends , ” for 3. 00 Student Aid , Talladega C. —— Communion Set , for Ch ., Big Creek Gap , Tenn . ENGLAND , $ 200. 00 . London . Mrs. A. Allen , 200. 00 for Woodworking Dept ., Le Moyne Inst . CHINA , $ 5. 00 . Taiku-Shansi . Miss M. L. 5. 00 Partridge Donations $ 12 , 407. 40 Estates 7 , 094. 00 $ 19 , 501. 40 INCOME , $ 1 , 635. 00 . Avery Fund , for Mendi 135. 00 M. Income , for Talladega 1 , 500. 00 C. ———— 1 , 635. 00 TUITION , $ 4 , 264. 25 . Cappahosic , Va . Tuition 6. 25 Evarts , Ky . Tuition 23. 40 Lexington , Ky . Tuition 87. 90 Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. 76. 20 Tuition Big Creek Gap , Tenn. 21. 00 Tuition Grand View , Tenn. 24. 00 Tuition Jonesboro , Tenn. Public 150. 00 Fund Jonesboro , Tenn . Tuition 10. 70 Knoxville , Tenn . Tuition 26. 50 Memphis , Tenn . Tuition 488. 75 Nashville , Tenn . Tuition 456. 35 Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 60. 65 Tuition Beaufort , N. C. Tuition 63. 00 Blowing Rock , N. C. 15. 25 Tuition Carters Mills , N. C. 10. 00 Tuition Hillsboro , N. C. Tuition 30. 30 Kings Mountain , N. C. 32. 00 Tuition McLeansville , N. C. 1. 00 Tuition McLeansville , N. C. 29. 00 Public Fund Nalls , N. C. Tuition 5. 00 Saluda , N. C. Tuition 58. 00 Troy , N. C. Tuition 6. 40 Whittier , N. C. Tuition 13. 03 Wilmington , N. C. 182. 25 Tuition Charleston , S. C. 303. 45 Tuition Greenwood , S. C. Tuition 80. 50 Albany , Ga . Tuition 129. 50 Andersonville , Ga. 17. 48 Tuition Atlanta , Ga. Storrs 139. 07 Sch ., Tuition McIntosh , Ga . Tuition 69. 96 Macon , Ga . Tuition 208. 91 Marietta , Ga . Tuition 5. 05 Savannah , Ga . Tuition 194. 25 Thomasville , Ga . Tuition 59. 55 Woodville , Ga . Tuition 4. 10 Athens , Ala . Tuition 42. 95 Florence , Ala . Tuition 7. 50 Marion , Ala . Tuition 37. 40 Nat , Ala . Tuition 48. 50 Selma , Ala . Tuition 94. 20 Talladega , Ala . Tuition 133. 20 Orange Park , Fla. 78. 00 Tuition Meridian , Miss . Tuition 75. 65 Moorhead , Miss . Tuition 16. 75 Tougaloo , Miss . Tuition 93. 75 New Orleans , La . Tuition 451. 00 Austin , Tex . Tuition 96. 60 ——— 4 , 264. 25 Total for March $ 25 , 400. 65 SUMMARY . Donations $ 87 , 197. 01 Estates 43 , 225. 81 $ 130 , 422. 82 Income 6 , 005. 00 Tuition 22 , 594. 95 Total from Oct. 1 to $ 159 , 022. 77 March 31 . =========== FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for March $ 60. 74 Previously acknowledged 358. 95 Total $ 419. 69 ======== H. W. HUBBARD , Treas ., Bible House , N. Y . FOOTNOTES 1 For the purpose of exact information we note that , while the W. H. M. A. appears in this list as a State body for Mass . and R. I ., it has certain auxiliaries elsewhere .