THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XVII . No . 472 .] SATURDAY , JANUARY 22 , 1831 . [ PRICE 2d . CHRIST CHURCH , DONCASTER . CHRIST CHURCH , DONCASTER . ( From the Gentleman 's Magazine .) The town of Doncaster has been long celebrated for its beauty and cleanliness , for its striking approach from the south , its magnificent Grand Stand , and celebrated Race Course , its public buildings , its venerable Gothic Church , and stately tower ; and latterly , by the erection of a beautiful Gothic Church , with an elegant spire , giving an additional feature to the town from every approach . This new Church was founded and endowed by a benevolent individual of the name of Jarrett , whose ancestors had for a number of years been connected with the town of Doncaster . A monument in the old church states that a brother of the founder was an alderman of this borough . John Jarrett , Esq . the founder of Christ Church , was in early life a manufacturer at Bradford ; subsequently , during the war , he became a partner in the extensive ironworks carried on at Low Moor , near Bradford , under the firm of Jarrett , Danson , and Hardy , where he acquired a very large fortune . Retiring from business some years ago , he returned to his native town , to enjoy the fruits of his honest industry ; and during a period of several years , he , by acts of kindness and benevolence , acquired the respect and esteem of his fellow-townsmen . It pleased the Great Disposer of events to terminate his life before the completion of this his last pious work . The first stone of the church was laid on the 9th of October , 1827 ; and the founder died on the 15th of January , 1828 , at the age of eighty-three . The sums he gave were , 10 , 000l . for the building , and 3 , 000l . for the endowment . The site of the church , at the point where the Thorne road branches from the great North road , is particularly fine and open , occupying about two and a half acres of ground , surrounded by wide and spacious public roads . The style of architecture adopted is that which prevailed in the fourteenth century . The stone used is from the celebrated quarries of Roche Abbey . The plan of the church comprises a tower , nave , two side-aisles , and a chancel ; the latter , together with two vestries , forms a semi-octagonal projection , which gives the east end a multangular and unusual appearance . There are six windows to each aisle , and a seventh at the north-east and south-east vestries . Each of these is divided horizontally by two cross-mullions , and thereby formed into twelve lights ; the centre three are square quartrefoils ; and the tracery at the head forms three other quartrefoils . The east window is of six principal lights , and the upper part spread out in tracery . The principal entrance is through a spacious octangular porch , the whole size of the tower , which is groined in imitation of stone . The entrance to the galleries and side-aisles is by the doors on the north and south sides of the church . The size of the church from the tower to the chancel , in the interior , is ninety-four feet long , and fifty-two wide , with galleries at the south and north sides and west end . The accommodation is for one thousand persons , of which three hundred seats are free and unappropriated . The ceiling above the nave is divided into square compartments , by bold ornamented beams , with bosses at the intersection , which are painted in imitation of oak . The side-aisles are groined in imitation of stone , having bosses at the intersection of the ribs , with corbels for the ribs to rise from . The pulpit , reading , and clerk 's desks accord in style with the building , and are placed in the centre of the middle aisle , which is ten feet wide . A handsome stone font is placed in front of the west entrance . We cannot conclude this account without expressing our admiration of this beautiful specimen of modern architecture , which , although not free from defects , possesses architectural merit in a very high degree . The uniform correctness of style in the detail , the beautiful and finely-proportioned spire , the chaste and elegant tracery of the windows , the light ornamental buttresses and pinnacles , all combine to give a character to the building pleasing and satisfactory , and reflect great credit on the architects , Messrs. Woodhead and Hurst , of Doncaster . The building was consecrated by his Grace the Archbishop of York , on the 10th of September , 1829 ; and the church opened for divine service on the 1st of November following . The Rev . Henry Branson is appointed the first minister to this church ; and the friends of the establishment will hear with satisfaction that , since the opening , the number of worshippers has increased by those who formerly attended the dissenting meeting-houses in the town and neighbourhood . A subscription has been raised for an organ , which is now building by Gray , of London . MAGNA CHARTA ISLAND . ( To the Editor .) An early and constant subscriber to the Mirror is very much pleased with the view of Magna Charta Island , in No . 467 ; but there is something more attached to this spot than the Editor seems aware of . About half a mile from Magna Charta Island , on the right bank of the river , in the parish of Wyrardisbury , is a farm house , for many years past in the occupation of a family of the name of “ Groome , ” as tenants to the late Alderman Gill , holding an estate in the aforesaid parish . This farm house was a residence of King John , whose arms are beautifully , painted , or emblazoned , on stained glass in the windows of the house . In the kitchen of this farm-house is , or has been , a table of antique manufacture , upon which the identical Magna Charta was signed , and upon which the writer hereof has written and sealed many a letter , and partaken of many a glass of home-brewed ale , and bread and cheese equally homely — that is , genuine . This table is considered as an heir loom in the family of Mr. Gill , and if removed at all , has been removed to the manor-house . It is an erroneous idea that Magna Charta was signed on Runnymede : it was signed on Magna Charta Island , which goes a great way to prove the identity of the table . If reference is made to the signing of treaties generally , as well in ancient as in modern times , it will appear that they have been signed at a distance from the scene of action ; each party ( particularly in feudal times ) being attended by an equal number of adherents , to prevent surprise or stratagem . The writer hereof has caught many a trout and perch off the banks opposite to the island , and has passed many a contemplative hour on the events of former ages , which have rendered the spot particularly interesting . Gray 's Walk , Lambeth . L . *** If the writer is not mistaken , Magna Charta Island is an appurtenant to the manor of Wyrardisbury , and adjoins an estate called Ankerwicke , upon the grounds of which are the remains of an ancient monastery , or priory . THE WATER KING 'S BRIDE . FROM THE GERMAN OF SCHILLER . ( For the Mirror .) Light o'er the water the sun 's ray glanc 'd , While the youths and maidens of Tubingen danc 'd . A stranger youth of noble mien , Proffered his hand to the village queen . “ Youth , say why is thine hand so white ? The water knows not the daybeams light ; Youth , oh why is so cold thine arm , Can it in Neckar 's flood be warm ? ” He led her away from the lime-tree 's shade ; “ Return my daughter , ” her mother said . He led her on to the stream so clear , “ Oh youth let me go , for I tremble with fear . ” He danc 'd till they reach 'd the Neckar 's bank , One shriek , one plunge , in the wave they sank . “ Farewell , farewell , to thee , Tubingen 's pride , Maiden , thou art the Water King 's Bride . ” H . WOMAN . ( For the Mirror .) The following curious compliment to the fair sex is extracted from an old play , entitled “ Cupid 's Whirligig : ” — “ Who would abuse your sex that knows it ? O Woman ! were we not born of you ?— should we not then honour you ? Nursed by you , and not regard you ? Made for you , and not seek you ! And since we were made before you , should we not live and admire you as the last and most perfect work of Nature ? Man was made when Nature was but an apprentice ; but Woman when she was a skilful mistress of her art . By your love we live in double breath , even in our offspring after death . Are not all vices masculine , and virtues feminine ? Are not the muses the loves of the learned ? Do not all noble spirits follow the graces because they are women ? There is but one phoenix , and she is a female . Was not the princess and foundress of good arts , Minerva , born of the brain of highest Jove , a woman ? Has not woman the face of love , the tongue of persuasion , and the body of delight ? O divine , perfectioned woman ! If to be of thy sex is so excellent , what is it then to be a woman enriched by nature , made excellent by education , noble by birth , chaste by virtue , adorned by beauty !— a fair woman , which is the ornament of heaven , the grace of earth , the joy of life , and the delight of all sense , even the very summum bonum of man 's existence . ” Burns must have had somewhat of the same idea as that which I have underlined , when he wrote — “ Her ‘ prentice han ’ she tried on man , And then she made the lasses O ! ” JAC-CO . THE VICTORY OF THE CID . ( For the Mirror .) The subject of the following lines is mentioned in the traditional histories of Spain : that on one occasion , to insure victory in a nocturnal attack on the Moslem camp , the body of the Cid was taken from the tomb , and carried in complete armour to the field of battle . Not a voice was heard at our hour of need , When we plac 'd the corse on his barbed steed , Save one , that the blessing gave . Not a light beam 'd on the charnel porch Save the glare which flash 'd from the warrior 's torch , O'er the death-pale face of the brave . We press 'd the helm on his ghastly head , We bound a sword to the hand of the dead , When the Cid went forth to fight . Oh where was Castile 's battle cry , The shout of St. James and victory , And the Christians stalwart might ? The winds swept by with mournful blast , And sigh 'd through the plumes of the dead as he past , Through troublous skies the clouds flitted fast , And the moon her pale beam faintly cast , Where the red cross banner stream 'd , But each breeze bore the shouts of the Moslem throng , Each sigh was echoed by Paynim song ; Where the silvery crescent beam 'd . Undrawn was the rein , and his own good sword Ungrasp 'd by the nerveless hand of its lord ; His steed pac 'd on with solemn tread , ‘ Neath the listless weight of the mighty deed . But each warrior 's heart beat high , As he mark 'd the beacon 's wavering flash , And heard the Moorish cymbal clash , For he knew that the Cid was nigh . We bore him back to his silent bed , When his plumes with Paynim blood were red , And the mass was sung , and the prayer was said For the conqueror from the grave . We wrapp 'd him again in his funeral vest , We placed his sword on the clay cold breast , And o'er the place of the hero 's rest , Bade Castile 's banner wave . SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . THE AEOLOPHON , A NEWLY-INVENTED INSTRUMENT . When Lord Stanhope first launched his model-boat on the Serpentine , no one expected to see the time when steam and paddles should suffice to carry “ a tall ship ” across the broad Atlantic . As little did we , when we were first amused by that very pretty musical toy , the German Eolina , anticipate , that within three years we should hear such an instrument as the one we are about to describe . In shape , size , and compass , the AEOLOPHON is the counterpart of a babinet piano-forte , having six octaves of keys extending from FF to F ; and its sounds are produced by a series of metallic springs , set in vibration by the action of the air produced from a bellows . It has three pedals — one for filling the wind-chest , and the others regulating the swell . The tone of this instrument , particularly in the middle and lower parts of its compass , is among the most beautiful we have ever heard , and much superior , both in body and quality , to that of any chamber organ of equal size ; added to which , the Aeolophon has the inestimable advantage of never varying its pitch , or getting out of tune . From the nature of this instrument , it will be readily conceived that its best effects are displayed in slow movements , and the sustaining and swelling long notes ; but , to our surprise as well as pleasure , we found that a running passage , even of semitones , could be executed upon it , if not with all the distinctness of a Drouet or a Nicholson , with as much clearness as on any organ . As an accompaniment to the piano-forte , it will be found an admirable substitute for the flute , clarinet , oboe , bassoon , or even violoncello ; but perhaps its widest range of usefulness will be discovered in small orchestras , where the set of wind instruments is incomplete — the effects of any , or even all of which , may be supplied by one or two performers on the Aeolophon reading from the score , or even from separate parts . It is now about a year since that a patent was obtained for the springs , and this peculiar mode of applying them , by Messrs. Day and Co .; immediately upon hearing the effect of which , Mr. Chappell , of Bond-street , entered into an engagement with the patentees for the agency of their patent , and the manufacture of instruments under it . On the 27th of November last Mr. Chappell was honoured with a command to exhibit the powers of this new instrument before their Majesties , his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex , and a small circle of nobility , at St. James 's Palace ; when it gave so much satisfaction , that some of the pieces played upon it were repeated by command , and the whole performance lasted from nine o'clock till past eleven , when the royal party retired . ( We quote the preceding from The Harmonicon , a Journal of Music and Musical Literature , of high promise . Its recommendation of The Aeolophon may be allowed to rest upon the character of the Journal for critical acumen .) THE SKETCH-BOOK . COACH COMPANY . ( For the Mirror .) Returning ( said my friend Mrs. S .) once upon a time , some fifty miles from a country visit , a few difficulties regarding my conveyance to town were at length decided by my taking a seat in the —— Telegraph . A respectable-looking , middle-aged woman , in widow 's mourning , was , I found , to be my companion for the whole way , whose urbanity and loquacity , combined , soon afforded me the important information that she was travelling over England , in order to take the advice of several of the faculty touching the case of “ a poor cripple — a gentleman — a relation of hers . ” A gentleman ! But scarcely had I taken another survey of the honest dame , in order to assure myself that she at least was not a member of the aristocracy of Great Britain , and thereby to instruct my judgment as to the actual rank of him whom she designated by so proud a title , when I was favoured with a long history of “ the lady who lost her shawl , which I found — and she has visited me ever since . ” A lady !— and a lady , good , agreeable , and condescending , no doubt ; but — the query occurred to my mind involuntarily — what kind of lady must she be who would “ come oft'n to take a cup o ’ tea , or a sup o ’ sommat better , wi ’ me , in my poor little place ? ” I confess , this voluntary information , not less than the tone and language in which it was delivered , prejudiced me so little in favour of my companion , that I took up pencil and paper , and was shortly wrapped in the most agreeable reverie . Briefly , I was in the exquisite Land of Faerie : I beheld the beautiful little people ; their tiny feet twinkled in the dance ; their small arms waved lightly and gently ; and their perfect forms were miniature models of all loveliness and grace ;— the rosy blush of affection tinted the delicate cheeks of the fair ; their eyes gleamed , like the minute gems which cluster around the ice-plant ;— and lo ! a pair , as far different from these as is darkness from light , now peered into my face , and a voice , very unlike the blissful tones of the gay music of Fa ë ry Land , exclaimed , “ Um ‘ fear 'd you ar'n ' t well , mum , hey ? ” “ Thank you , I am perfectly well . ” “ Are you indeed ? why you set up your eyes , and looked as pale and peekin like , as if you 'd seen a sperrit . ” “ Did I ? perhaps I was thinking ; and naturally I am very pale . ” “ Oh well — um glad ‘ tis no wuss ; but setting there as you do , with your back to the osses , ‘ tis the most foolishest thing in the wuld , for a sickly-like-looking cretur , as I may say yourself , to think on — du come o ’ this side . ” I declined the good woman 's proposition , alleging that riding backwards I always found the best preventive of illness from the motion of the vehicle . “ Now really , ” I exclaimed she , almost aghast with astonishment , “ that is curous ! But um fear 'd you 're faint , though you wo n't tell me so . Here , ” handing to me a large basket , well stored , I perceived , with provender , “ take a happle , or a bun , or a sandwage , or a bit o ’ gingerbread — and a fine thing too it is for the stomach — or a pear , or a puff , or a chiscake ;— I always take a cup of chocolate , and a slice of rich plum-cake , every morning after breakfast : ‘ tis peticklar wholesome , a gentleman of my acquaintance says ; and this I know , I should be dead in no time if I did n't — so du take something . ” I could not be so ill-natured as to reject all the offers made me by this benevolent , but uncouth gentlewoman , so accepted a sandwich , and thereby giving her , as it were , a signal to commence operations . To work she applied herself upon the contents of her wicker store-room , with such hearty good-will , that I imagined myself secured from her volubility for at least one hour . Alas ! alas ! her tongue and her teeth were , I verily believe , running a race ; and when the good dame discovered that to her queries and remarks I deigned not a reply , she “ just was so glad there was somebody in the coach to talk to , for ‘ twas the most moanfullest thing in the wuld to go journeying on and on , for long , long miles , without ever ‘ earing a body speak . ” I would not appear to understand my persevering friend 's insinuation , and was quickly lost in the charming description of wild , woodland scenery , afforded by one of Sir Walter 's novels : here a slight bridge hung , as in air , between gigantic rocks , and over a foaming cataract ; there , a light column of bluish , curling smoke told of the shepherd 's shieling , situated , bosomed in trees , amid some solitary pass of the mountains ; here , the dark , melancholy pine reared its mournful head , companioned by the sable fir , the larch , the service-tree , and the wild cherry ; there , the silvery willow laved its drooping branches in the stormy flood ; whilst , with the white foam of the joyous exulting waters , all trees of beauty , majesty , and grace , rising from a richly-verdant turfing , formed a delightful contrast . I heard the cry of the soaring eaglet , as he rose from his eyry in the rock ; wild , but pleasant music was in the cool , strong wind , which flowed now roughly around , and lashed me , like the sweeping sea-wave . “ Hey ? Um ‘ fear 'd you 're a trifle ard of ‘ earing , ar n't you ? Why then put a roasted ingin when you go to bed into your earn , and I 'll warrant ‘ twill cure you if you do ‘ t reglar . ” “ O dear , no ma'am , ” I replied ; “ indeed I 'm not deaf , ” with a peculiar emphasis on this last word . “ No ? Well , I do declare then , I 've been haxing you to admire this fine country for this ten minutes ;— only look ! ‘ tis a vast deal more bootiful than the road I travelled t'other day ! ” So , to please the honest woman , I looked at her “ fine country , ” and beheld on my side the road ( for we were sitting at cross corners ) a stunted hedge-row , inclosing a field or two of stubble ; and on hers , a sear , dismal heath , whereupon were marshalled , in irregular array , a few miserable , brown furze bushes ; amongst which , a meagre , shaggy ass , more miserable still , with his hind legs logged and chained , was endeavouring to pick up a scanty subsistence . What the road of the other day could have been , it surpassed even my capacity , with this specimen of “ the bootiful ” before me , to surmise ; but my companion was evidently one of those enviable individuals , whose ignorance is indeed their happiness , or whose imagination supplies the deficiencies of bare reality . Shortly afterwards we took up another passenger — a “ lady ” also — whose figure was youthful , and whose face , perhaps , was not otherwise ; but as she was weeping bitterly , her features were concealed by a white cambric mouchoir from my curious gaze . Poor creature ! Had she parted from a lover ?— a parent ?— a child ? Was she a reduced lady , quitting , for the first time and the last , her paternal home , to seek , by the exertion of her talents , or the labour of her hands , a precarious subsistence in the cold , wide world ? Had she hurried from the bed of death ? or , did she merely indulge in the soft sentimental sorrow , induced by Colburn 's , or Longman 's , or Newman 's last novel ? Alas ! the fair mourner informed us not . I felt delicate on the point of intruding upon private sorrows , and so , I presume , did my loquacious friend for she was actually silent ;— albeit , I perceived that the good woman was embarrassed as to the line of conduct she ought to adopt towards the afflicted stranger . To make acquaintance with , and comfort her , was the prompting of her benevolent heart ; so she put a blue glass bottle of smelling-salts into the mournful lady 's hand , which was immediately returned with a dignified , repellant bow . The basket of provisions was next offered ; but this the weeping fair one , it was clear , did not see ; and my honest widow , not a little disconcerted , made yet another attempt to console one who evidently “ would not be comforted , ” by a full , particular , and authentic relation of certain woful passages in her own monotonous life . All , however , would not do — Niobe still wept ; and the widow and I felt ourselves in a very awkward , uncomfortable situation . After awhile , however , we took up another passenger — a “ lady ” again — and , Heaven bless the woman ! one even more voluble than my first companion , and decidedly more candid , since she had not been seated five minutes in the vehicle , ere she unblushingly announced herself — a baker 's wife ! Good Heavens ! and in these march-of-intellect and refinement days , too ! Well might Niobe wake with a start from her trance of woe , and , glancing sovereign contempt upon the new , unconscious passenger , discover to me a countenance as plain , withered , and fraught with the impress of evil passions , as that of the Lady in the Sacque , in Sir Walter 's tale of the Tapestried Chamber . I never beheld so fretful and malignant-looking a being !— and the contrast which her visage afforded to that of my kind-hearted widow , which beamed with satisfaction and good-humour , was quite remarkable . This “ lady , ” indeed , now appeared to have regained her native element , and not to be out-done in frankness by Mistress Baker , first avowed herself the widow of a chandler , but lately retired from business ; and subsequently I gathered from her discourse that the gentleman her relation was , until his infirmity deprived him of the situation — groom , in a REAL gentleman 's family ( the distinction I particularly admired ) ; and that the lady , her condescending friend , was a grocer 's daughter ! Niobe , at this precise point of the conversation , bestowed a ghastly grin upon the new allies , and producing from her reticule a well-soiled and much be-thumbed volume ( whether of plays , or a novel , I could not discern ) , commenced perusing it with an avidity apparently unchecked by its disgusting odour , the which powerfully assailed me . I , too , was allowed by my loquacious widow , now that she had fallen in with a bird of her own feather , to read in peace for the space of some three or four miles ; but at length my attention was aroused from my book by the loud voice of Mrs. Baker , who was promulgating to Dame Chandler the mysterious manner in which she fattened her dogs , by giving them , twice or thrice a day , a quartern loaf , crumbed , and sopped in melted fat , or dripping , which saved meat , since the animals liked that food far better . But at this instant the Telegraph stopped ; and the coachman demanding his fare , since she had reached the place at which she had desired to be set down , a violent altercation ensued between them respecting sixpence ; and finally the lady just stepped out of the vehicle in time to save herself from the indignity of being pulled from it by its infuriated driver . “ A fine sturren ( stirring ) , business-like woman ! ” exclaimed the widow , as we again proceeded ; “ likelies to turn a penny whiles other folks lay a bed snoring ; but mortal wasteful um sure , for one that talks about saving ! Meat indeed she may save ; but lauk now , only consate the grase she gives ‘ em confounded brutes , and the taller trade so low ! ” “ And only think , ” added I , “ of the numbers of poor creatures who are starving , whilst she bestows quartern loaves of fine white bread upon her dogs ! ” “ An ’ has for saving meat , ” cried Niobe ( then did she speak for the first time ) , “ sure am I , my fath — that 's to say , the butchers , would n't thank her for her pains . ” Here was a discovery ! but a greater was at hand ; for when the Telegraph arrived at its destination — the White Horse , Fetter-lane — a livery-servant met this sentimental , and inordinately proud , and ill-humoured lady ; and after delivering a message from her “ new misses , ” called a hackney-coach to convey her to her “ new place . ” My honest widow hurried to the bar , in order to obtain some stomachic which should enable her to endure the further fatigue of reaching her own abode ; and Mr. S. ( a real gentleman I hope ) meeting me , I amused him uncommonly with this description of my fellow-travellers , as we returned to our happy home in —— Square .— M. L. B . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . MECHANICAL POWER OF COALS . The Menai Bridge , one of the most stupendous works of art that has been raised by man in modern ages , consists of a mass of iron , not less than four millions of pounds in weight , suspended at a medium height of about 120 feet above the sea . The consumption of seven hanhels of coal would suffice to raise it to the place where it hangs . The great pyramid of Egypt is composed of granite . It is 700 feet in the side of its base , and 500 in perpendicular height , and stands on eleven acres of ground . Its weight is , therefore , 12 , 760 millions of pounds , at a medium height of 125 feet ; consequently it would be raised by the effort of about 630 chaldrons of coal , a quantity consumed in some founderies in a week . The annual consumption of coal in London is estimated at 1 , 500 , 000 chaldrons . The effort of this quantity would suffice to raise a cubical block of marble , 2 , 200 feet in the side , through a space equal to its own height , or to pile one such mountain upon another . The Monte Nuovo , near Pozzuoli , ( which was erupted in a single night by volcanic fire ,) might have been raised by such an effort from a depth of 40 , 000 feet , or about eight miles .— Cabinet Cyclopaedia , vol . xiv . WONDROUS EFFECTS OF CHEMISTRY . Not to mention the impulse which its progress has given to a host of other sciences , what strange and unexpected results has it not brought to light in its application to some of the most common objects ! Who , for instance , would have conceived that linen rags were capable of producing more than their own weight of sugar , by the simple agency of one of the cheapest and most abundant acids ?— that dry bones could be a magazine of nutriment , capable of preservation for years , and ready to yield up their sustenance in the form best adapted to the support of life , on the application of that powerful agent , steam , which enters so largely into all our processes , or of an acid at once cheap and durable ?— that sawdust itself is susceptible of conversion into a substance bearing no remote analogy to bread ; and though certainly less palatable than that of flour , yet noway disagreeable , and both wholesome and digestible as well as highly nutritive ? FIRST ENGLISH COLONY IN AMERICA . The first attempt of the English to effect any settlement in America , was made by Sir Humphrey Gilbert , who , in the month of June , 1578 , obtained a patent from Queen Elizabeth , authorizing him to plant a colony in that country . Gilbert 's project failed ; but it was afterwards resumed by his half-brother , the celebrated Sir Walter Raleigh , who , in 1584 , obtained a patent similar to that which had been granted to Gilbert , and next year planted a colony at the mouth of the Roanoke , naming the country Virginia in honour of his royal mistress . But all these settlers , as well as others who crossed the Atlantic during the next twenty years , either perished by famine and disease , or by the hands of the Indians , or returned to England .— Cabinet Cyclopaedia , vol . xiii . ; being vol . i. of the History of the Western World — United States of America . TRADITIONS OF THE INDIANS . According to the unambitious belief of the Osages , a people living on the banks of one of the lower tributaries of the Missouri , they are sprung from a snail and a beaver . The Mandans believe their ancestors once lived in a large village under ground , near a subterranean lake ; that by means of a vine tree , which extended its roots to their cheerless habitation , they got a glimpse of the light ; that informed by some adventurers , who had visited the upper world , of the numerous buffaloes pasturing on the plains , and of the trees loaded with delicious fruits , the whole nation , with one consent , began to ascend the roots of the vine ; but that , when about the half of them had reached the surface , a corpulent woman climbing up , broke the roots by her weight ; that the earth immediately closed , and concealed for ever from those below the cheering beams of the sun . From a people who entertain such fanciful notions of their origin , no valuable information concerning their early history can be expected .— Ibid . POLITE SLAUGHTERING OF AN ENEMY . At times , an Indian warrior , when about to kill and scalp a prostrate enemy , addresses him in such terms as the following :— “ My name is Cashegra : I am a famous warrior , and am going to kill you . When you reach the land of spirits , you will see the ghost of my father : tell him it was Cashegra sent you there . ” The uplifted tomahawk then descends upon his victim .— Ibid . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . A SCENE ON THE “ COSTA FIRME . ” I was awakened by the low growling , and short bark of the dog . The night was far spent ; the tiny sparks of the fire-flies that were glancing in the doorway , began to grow pale ; the chirping of the crickets and lizards , and the snore of the tree-toad waxed fainter , and the wild cry of the tiger-cat was no longer heard . The terral , or land-wind , which is usually strongest towards morning , moaned loudly on the hillside , and came rushing past with a melancholy sough , through the brushwood that surrounded the hut , shaking off the heavy dew from the palm and cocoa nut trees , like large drops of rain . The hollow tap of the woodpecker ; the clear flute note of the Pavo del monte ; the discordant shriek of the macaw ; the shrill chirr of the wild Guinea fowl ; and the chattering of the paroquets began to be heard from the wood . The ill-omened gallinaso was sailing and circling round the hut , and the tall flamingo was stalking on the shallows of the lagoon , the haunt of the disgusting alligator , that lay beneath , divided from the sea by a narrow mud bank , where a group of pelicans , perched on the wreck of one of our boats , were pluming themselves before taking wing . In the east , the deep blue of the firmament , from which the lesser stars were fast fading , all but the “ Eye of Morn , ” was warming into magnificent purple , and the amber rays of the yet unrisen sun were shooting up , streamer-like , with intervals between , through the parting clouds , as they broke away with a passing shower , that fell like a veil of silver gauze between us and the first primrose-coloured streaks of a tropical dawn . “ That 's a musket shot , ” said the lieutenant . The Indian crept on his belly to the door , dropped his chin on the ground , and placed his open palms behind his ears . The distant wail of a bugle was heard , then three or four dropping shots again , in rapid succession . Mr. Splinter stooped to go forth , but the Indian caught him by the leg , uttering the single word “ Espanoles . ” On the instant a young Indian woman , with a shrieking infant in her arms , rushed to the door . There was a blue gunshot wound in her neck , from which two or three large black clotting gouts of blood were trickling . Her long black hair was streaming in coarse braids , and her features were pinched and sharpened , as if in the agony of death . She glanced wildly behind , and gasped out , “ Escapa , Oreeyue , escapa , para mi soi , muerto ya . ” Another shot , and the miserable creature convulsively clasped her child , whose small shrill cry I often fancy I hear to this hour , blending with its mother 's death-shriek , and , falling backwards , rolled over the brow of the hill out of sight . The ball had pierced the heart of the parent through the body of her offspring . By this time a party of Spanish soldiers had surrounded the hut , one of whom kneeling before the low door , pointed his musket into it . The Indian , who had seen his wife and child thus cruelly shot down before his face , now fired his rifle , and the man fell dead . “ Sigi mi Querida Bondia — maldito . ” Then springing to his feet , and stretching himself to his full height , with his arms extended towards heaven , while a strong shiver shook him like an ague fit , he yelled forth the last words he ever uttered , “ Venga la suerte , ya soi listo , ” and resumed his squatting position on the ground . Half-a-dozen musket balls were now fired at random through the wattles , while the lieutenant , who spoke Spanish well , sung out lustily , that we were English officers who had been shipwrecked . “ Mentira , ” growled the officer of the party , “ Piratas son ustedes . ” “ Pirates leagued with Indian bravoes ; fire the hut , soldiers , and burn the scoundrels ! ” There was no time to be lost ; Mr. Splinter made a vigorous attempt to get out , in which I seconded him , with all the strength that remained to me , but they beat us back again with the buts of their muskets . “ Where are your commissions , your uniforms , if you be British officers ? ” We had neither , and our fate appeared inevitable . The doorway was filled with brushwood , fire was set to the hut , and we heard the crackling of the palm thatch , while thick stifling wreaths of white smoke burst in upon us through the roof . “ Lend a-hand , Tom , now or never , and kick up the dark man there , ” but he sat still as a statue . We laid our shoulders to the end wall , and heaved at it with all our might ; when we were nearly at the last gasp it gave way , and we rushed headlong into the middle of the party , followed by Sneezer with his shaggy coat , that was full of clots of tar blazing like a torch . He unceremoniously seized “ par le queue , ” the soldier who had throttled me , setting fire to the skirts of his coat , and blowing up his cartouch box . I believe under Providence , that the ludicrousness of this attack saved us from being bayonetted on the spot . It gave time for Mr. Splinter to recover his breath , when being a powerful man , he shook off the two soldiers who had seized him , and dashed into the burning hut again . I thought he was mad , especially when I saw him return with his clothes and hair on fire , dragging out the body of the captain . He unfolded the sail it was wrapped in , and pointing to the remains of the naval uniform in which the mutilated and putrifying corpse was dressed , he said sternly to the officer , “ We are in your power , and you may murder us if you will ; but that was my captain four days ago , and you see , he at least was a British officer — satisfy yourself . ” The person he addressed , a handsome young Spaniard , with a clear olive complexion , oval face , small brown mustachios , and large black eyes , shuddered at the horrible spectacle , but did as he was requested . When he saw the crown and anchor , and his majesty 's cipher on the appointments of the dead officer , he became convinced of our quality , and changed his tone — “ Es verdat , son de la marina Englesa ; ” “ But gentlemen , were there not three persons in the hut ? ” There were indeed — the flames had consumed the dry roof and walls with incredible rapidity , and by this time they had fallen in , but Oreeque was no where to be seen . I thought I saw something move in the midst of the fire , but it might have been fancy . Again the white ashes heaved , and a half-consumed hand and arm were thrust through the mouldering mass , then a human head , with the scalp burnt from the skull , and the flesh from the chaps and cheek-bones ; the trunk next appeared , the bleeding ribs laid bare , and the miserable Indian , with his limbs like scorched rafters , stood upright before us , like a demon in the midst of the fire . He made no attempt to escape , but reeling to and fro like a drunken man , fell headlong , raising clouds of smoke and a shower of sparks in his fall . Alas ! poor Oreeque , the newly risen sun was now shining on your ashes , and on the dead bodies of the ill-starred Bondia and her child , whose bones , ere his setting , the birds of the air , and beasts of the forest , will leave as white and fleshless as your own . The officer , who belonged to the army investing Carthagena , now treated us with great civility ; he heard our story , and desired his men to assist us in burying the remains of our late commander . We remained all day on the same part of the coast , but towards evening the party fell back on the outpost to which they belonged — after travelling an hour or so we emerged from a dry river course , in which the night had over-taken us , and came suddenly on a small plateau , where the post was established on the promontory of “ Punto Canoa . ” There may be braver soldiers at a charge , but none more picturesque in a bivouac than the Spanish . A gigantic wild cotton-tree , to which our largest English oaks were but as dwarfs , rose on one side , and overshadowed the whole level space . The bright beams of the full moon glanced among the topmost leaves , and tipped the higher branches with silver , contrasting strangely with the scene below , where a large watch-fire cast a strong red glare on the surrounding objects , throwing up dense volumes of smoke , which eddied in dun wreaths amongst the foliage , and hung in the still night air like a canopy , leaving the space beneath comparatively clear . A temporary guard-house , with a rude verandah of bamboos and palm leaves , had been built between two of the immense spurs of the mighty tree , that shot out many yards from the parent stem like wooden buttresses , whilst overhead there was a sort of stage made of planks laid across the lower boughs , supporting a quantity of provisions covered with tarpaulins . The sentries in the back ground with their glancing arms , were seen pacing on their watch ; some of the guard were asleep on wooden benches , and on the platform amongst the branches , where a little baboon-looking old man , in the dress of a drummer , had perched himself , and sat playing a Biscayan air on a sort of bagpipe ; others were gathered round the fire cooking their food , or cleaning their arms . It shone brightly on the long line of Spanish transports that were moored below , stem on to the beach , and on the white sails of the armed craft that were still hovering under weigh in the offing , which , as the night wore on , stole in , one after another , like phantoms of the ocean , and letting go their anchors with a splash , and a hollow rattle of the cable , remained still and silent as the rest . Farther off , it fell in a crimson stream on the surface of the sheltered bay , struggling with the light of the gentle moon , and tinging with blood the small waves that twinkled in her silver wake , across which a guard boat would now and then glide , like a fairy thing , the arms of the men flashing back the red light . Beyond the influence of the hot smoky glare , the glorious planet reassumed her sway in the midst of her attendant stars , and the relieved eye wandered forth into the lovely night , where the noiseless sheet lightning way glancing , and ever and anon lighting up for an instant some fantastic shape in the fleecy clouds , like prodigies forerunning the destruction of the stronghold over which they impended ; while beneath , the lofty ridge of the convent-crowned Popa , the citadel of San Felip é bristling with cannon , the white batteries and many towers of the fated city of Carthagena , and the Spanish blockading squadron at anchor before it , slept in the moonlight . We were civilly received by the captain , who apologized for the discomfort under which we must pass the night . He gave us the best he had , and that was bad enough , both of food and wine , before showing us into the hut , where we found a rough deal coffin lying on the very bench that was to be our bed . This he ordered away with all the coolness in the world . “ It was only one of his people who had died that morning of vomito , or yellow fever . ” “ Comfortable country this , ” quoth Splinter , “ and a pleasant morning we have had of it , Tom ! ” Blackwood 's Magazine . DIRGE . Green be the turf o'er thy head , Light lie the earth on thy breast , Peaceful and calm be thy sleep , Till thou'rt called to rejoice with the blest . Though we weep , yet we joy at thy lot , Though we mourn thee , we yet can resign , Though we sorrow , ‘ tis not without hope , Though we lose thee , forbear to repine . From the cares and the pains of this world Thy beatified spirit is free , ‘ Twould be selfish in us to deplore , For we know that thy God is with thee . Royal Lady 's Magazine . No . 1 . THE REBELLION IN STOCK POGIS . Answer to Mrs. Jones 's Letter in Hood 's Comic Annual . [ 1 ] Padinton third Janeary 1831 . Dr. Mrs. Jones ,— I take Pin in hand to Scratch you a few Remarks in return for your kind Pestle : it however gav me a sevear Blow to hear of my deer frends Roofall Sitawayshun : keep up your Spirits , do my deer Frend , I dout not in your next I shall hear you have taken to your Old Rum again down stairs and find the Windy-Pains in a Hole condishun — Yet what can you Relie on when the Country Gernals is filled with sheets of Flams of Steaks and Bairns burnt to their foundhayshones . But let you and me Mrs. J. hop that these evil Doors may be sicured . I have a bit of Noose for you — Swing is taken and Lockt up — let us hop then that Steps may be taken for capshining his Canfeedrats — You enquier what our King and Manystirs think of Stuck Puggys I beleeve they think your Magasstearall Funkshunareas mite have shone more Hacktivity and Incision again armed Poplars and Incieders — but its all owing to the March of Intellx — instid of mindin there work they are always runnin to heer some Seedishus Ourang or other on the Harrastocrazy — they now call themselves the Industerious Classis , formally they was called The Lore Ordurs . My Servint gal atends Love Feasts and Missinarea Meetins and has the impidence to tell me she has a Soal as valleyable as my own and actally askt if her minnyster mite be aloud to come and prepair me for Heavn ; but I told the uzzy to prepair herself for another place and gav her a munths warnin to soot herself — but about the parleymeant — Hurl Grey the Primer has a load on his sholders wich I hop he will be able to discharg an all go off quiet : He has pledgd himself for to the caws for Riform an says hell Redrench evry Place where he has Grounds : and they all talk about Pooling Mesurs ; but the Wetterun Bishop Sincurers and Cloaths borrowers show pourfull Oppisishun and perplix and embrace all his Plans — Pettyshuns come in from all Parts for Necromancypassion , wich I take to be some new plan for washin the Blackamer wite — also for the vote by Ballad which Mr. Hum supports and likewis Mr. Oconl the Hireish mimber wich wants the Onion to be repeeled and caws all Hireland Watery eyes ; but I hop sich Cryses will niver arrive —— I supose youve herd Hunt is returnd for Prestun wherby Im sorry to heer of a incindery sittin in the ows , for he not only first burnt the Corn but sold it after to the pure Peeple — but is Blackin his good — Our new lord Canceller Brewem gives us Hops that he will put a end to all the Old Suits without making any New Breeches wich wrong incisions wold show Shear hignoranc — but hes no Goos !— Mr . Grant wants to Mancypate the Jews — Porkreetchers ! my next Nabor Levy says they are a Pursycutish Race thogh they hav Numbers of Genesis among them fit for Trusts on Securitys ; but let who will be in or out somethin must be done . Winters com and the ole Country wants instand Releafing thoug I hop no Treesunable acts will be manny fisted be the Peeple — Nobody now cant sell nothing Goods hangs on hand and Malefactors are dropping in every line — Soverins is scars and Peeples ready to tear each other to peeces for um — We want some change —— In the Naborhood of Manshister thirty thousn Wafers are in a state of Risibility which is no laughin matter , havin struck for more Wags tho ’ they get therty shillins a Weak and are always in Labor !— this abolition of feelin shold be checkt , for if it is to go on it will most likly continew —— As you observe , the Rag for Chang is grate — as they say The Scullmasters Abroad and the Scull all in confushon — Old Head devices done away with and Hairy Cassles supplyin the place — Aspics on the Continence seem very embracing — tho the Trials in France is over the People are in Truble — I hope the Rising in the Low Kantrys is over — The Poles seem to be makin head again the Rushons in great Armd Bodis — bent on Deth or imprisonment to get Liberty — In short all Eurups in Harms ; but nothins so Barberus as Civil comoshins Hopin all is over with You , and restin asshurd Stuck Puggys is not likely to rise again , I conclude remaining Your sincer Frend and well wisher A HUMPHRIES . [ 1 ] From the Literary Gazette . See Notice of the Comic Annual — Mirror , No . 467 . SOME PASSAGES FROM THE DIARY OF THE LATE MR. ST. JOHN LONG . “ Aye — there 's the rub . ” — HAMLET . “ ‘ Tis all one ! ” said I , laying down the newspaper on the breakfast table , after reading an erroneous representation of myself and the Marquess of Sligo :— “ I am resolved to remove this stain from my character , and , if hard-rubbing can do it , I may hope to succeed . ” I had scarcely pronounced these words , when my servant entered the room to inform me that a person had arrived in breathless haste , imploring my assistance for a gentleman in a dying condition . Heedful , as I ever am to attend to the sufferings of others — a pursuit in which I have found ample fee-licity — I drew on my boots and followed the applicant to the house of the suffering gentleman . This was situated in a picturesque part of the metropolis , and , on knocking , the door was opened to me by a man who might be six and forty years of age — there , or thereabout . Guessing the purport of my visit , he said nothing , but led me up to his master 's room , when a spectacle of the most appalling character met my eyes . A gentleman in the prime of life , lay extended on a bed — his hair dishevelled , his dress disordered , and his complexion a midway hue between the tints of chalk and Cheshire cheese . His tongue hung out of his mouth , loaded with evidence of internal strife . I naturally believed that the present was a confirmed case of phthisis pulmonalis , and I accordingly had recourse to my well known , and , with-few-exceptions-always-successful remedy of inhaling . In this instance , however , it did not answer my expectations . Instead of benefitting the trachea , it produced a sympathetic affection of the stomach and diaphragm , and the oesophagus formed the medium of communication between the patient and myself . Having taken a pinch of snuff , I was about to give my other infallible remedy a fair trial , when the patient opened his eyes . But , gracious heaven ! what eyes ! The visual orb was swoln , blood-shot , troubled and intolerably dull . At the same moment , some incoherent expressions fell from the unfortunate gentleman . After a reference to the kidneys , he seemed to wish for something to be found in the coal-hole , or the cider-cellar ; but the search of the servant below stairs was unavailing . I now began to apprehend delirium . To be sure of the state of his mind , I inquired if there were any clergyman whom he would wish to see : He exclaimed , “ O venerable old Offley ! ” But when I expressed to the servants a wish that this reverend gentleman might be sent for , they assured me that they had never heard of him ! The patient then muttered some inarticulate sounds , and turned on his side . This position being favourable for my original operation of rubbing , I slit up the back of his coat , waistcoat , and all other vestmental impediments , and smartly applied a solution of tartarised antimony along the course of the spine . The effect was instantaneous on the alimentary canal , and a griping in the transverse arch of the colon well nigh put a full stop to the patient 's sufferings . The ductus communis choledochus again deluged the stomach , and with the customary consequences . The scene now , became almost insupportable . An aged nurse , who had , from the infancy of the patient , been his domestic , declared that she could hold out no longer . Poor creature ! the tear of affection glistened in her eye ; while her convulsed features betrayed uncontrollable sensations . It was a struggle between the heart and the stomach : the heart , remained true , but the stomach turned . At this the patient commenced cursing , swearing , and blaspheming , in a way which will be found fully detailed with all due dashes —! —! —! & c. & c. in the last number of a Northern magazine . “ Zounds ! ” cried he , starting up on his s é ant — “ Who are you ? who sent for you ? May the fiends catch you and cleave to you for ever ! Give us the hips ! a small glass of brandy ! ha ! ha ! ha ! O my back ! D — n all doctors ! Here am I stung and tortured with gastritis , hepatitis , splenitis , nephritis , epistaxis , odontalgia , cardialgia , diarhoea , and a whole legion of devils with Latin names ! D — n all doctors again , say I ! ” And with this exclamation , he hurled a curious crown of crockery at my head , which fitted on so tightly , that only by breaking it , could I disengage myself from the delfic diadem . I hastily ran down stairs , and , meeting the man of six and forty in the passage , I inquired of him very minutely concerning the state of his master . He answered all my questions with perfect candour , and not without a certain archness of look and manner rather unusual among men of six and forty in his rank of life . From all I elicited , and also from certain corroborative proofs , which I do not think it necessary now to specify , I have no hesitation in declaring , for the information of the profession to which I do not belong , and of the public generally , that in this case my abstruse remedies had not a fair trial , inasmuch as the patient 's state was vulgarly simple . He had been drunk the night before ! J. ST. J. L . Fraser 's Magazine . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . HISTORY OF THE PENNY . ( For the Mirror .) “ She sighs and shakes her empty shoes in vain , No silver-penny to reward her pain . ” Dryden . According to Camden and Spelman , the ancient English penny [ 2 ] was the first silver coin struck in England , and the only one current among our Saxon ancestors . In the time of Ethelred , it was equal in weight to our threepence . Till the time of King Edward I. the penny was struck with a cross , so deeply indented in it , that it might be easily broken , and parted on occasion into two parts , thence called half-pennies ; or into four , thence called fourthings , or farthings ; but that prince coined it without indenture , in lieu of which he struck round halfpence and farthings . He also reduced the weight of the penny to a standard , ordering that it should weigh thirty-two grains of wheat taken out of the middle of the ear . This penny was called the penny sterling . Twenty of these pence were to weigh an ounce ; whence the penny became a weight , as well as a coin . By subsequent acts it has been further reduced . In ancient statutes , the penny was used for all silver money ; hence the ward-penny , the avert-penny , the rete-penny , & c . The ward-penny was formerly a customary due paid to the sheriff , or other officer , for maintaining watch and ward . It was payable at the feast of St. Martin ; and is still paid within the manor of Sutton Colfield , in Warwickshire , and that with some very singular ceremonies . The aver-penny , or average-penny , was contributed towards the king 's averages , or money given to be freed thereof . The rete-penny was an ancient customary due of one penny for every person to the parish priest . The schar-penny was a compensation paid by tenants who neglected to pen up their cattle at night in the pounds or yard of their lord , for the benefit of their dung , or scearn , as the Saxons called it . Peter-pence were an ancient tax of a penny on each house throughout England , paid to the Pope . It was called Peter-pence because collected on the day of St. Peter ad vincula . By the Saxons it was called Rome-feoh — i. e . the fee of Rome ; and also Rome-scot , and Rome-pennying , because collected and sent to Rome . And lastly , it was called hearth-money , because every dwelling-house was liable to it , provided there were thirty pence vivae pecuniae belonging to it — nay , every religious house , the Abbey of St. Alban 's alone excepted . It was finally prohibited under Queen Elizabeth . “ The money of England ( says Chamberlayne ) was abused and falsified for a long time ; till Queen Elizabeth , in the year 1560 , to her great praise , called in all such money ; since which time , no base money hath been coined in the Mint of England , but only of pure gold and silver , called sterling money ; only of latter time , in relation to the necessity of the poor , and exchange of great money , a small piece of copper , called a farthing , or fourth part of a penny , hath been permitted to be coined ; and so likewise an halfpenny of two farthings . ” Penny pieces of copper were first issued in England June 26 , 1797 . N. B . This is a penny article , but it is hoped the reader will not object to pay twopence for it . P. T. W . [ 2 ] Derived from pecunia . ORIGIN OF BAIL . ( For the Mirror .) “ Worry 'd with debts , and past all hopes of bail , The unpity 'd wretch lies rotting in a jail . ” Roscommon . The system of giving securities , or bail , to answer an accusation , is a custom ( says Brewer ) which appears to have been coeval with the Saxon nation . This system was , indeed , subsequently carried by the Saxons to a burthensome and degrading height — not being confined to those who were accused of crime , but extending to the whole community , who thus gave surety to answer anticipated criminality . This object was effected by the division of England into counties , hundreds , and tithings , and by the direction that every man should belong to some tithing or hundred ; which divisions were pledged to the preservation of the public peace , and were answerable for the conduct of their inhabitants . The system of placing all the people under borh , or bail , the origin of which was attributed to Alfred , is first clearly enforced in the laws of Edgar . P. T. W . ANCIENT DIVISIONS OF THE DAY . ( For the Mirror .) “ See the minutes how they run : How many makes the hour full compleat , How many hours bring about the day , How many days will finish up the year , How many years a mortal man may live . ” Shakspeare . The Chaldaeans , Syrians , Persians , and Indians began the day at sun-rise , and divided both the day and night into four parts . This division of the day into quarters was in use long before the invention of hours . The Chinese , who begin their day at midnight , and reckon to the midnight following , divide this interval into twelve hours , each equal to two of ours , and distinguished by a name and particular figure . In Egypt the day was divided into unequal hours . The clock invented by Ctesibius , of Alexandria , 136 years B. C . was so contrived as to lengthen or shorten the hours . The Greeks divided the natural day into twelve hours — a practice derived from the Babylonians . The Romans called the time between the rising and setting sun , the natural day ; and the time in the twenty-four hours , the civil day . They began and ended their civil day at midnight , and derived this practice from their ancient jurisprudence and rites of religion , established long before they had any idea of the division into hours . The first sun-dial seen at Rome was brought from Catania , in Sicily , in the first punic war , as part of the spoils of that city ; and after this period , they divided the day into twenty-four hours . An officer , called accendus , used to proclaim the hours ; and at the bench of justice ( says Kennett ) gave notice every three hours what it was o'clock . Throughout the Turkish empire , time is reckoned by certain portions of the natural day , resembling the vigils of the ancient Jews and Romans . Public clocks not being in use , these divisions of time are proclaimed from the minarets . P. T. W . THE TOPOGRAPHER . TRAVELLING NOTES IN SOUTH WALES . Voyage up the Bristol Channel .— Two steam-packets ply twice every week throughout the year between Bristol and Swansea . The opposition has been so great this season , that the cabin fare is only 5s . and the steerage 2s . 6d . for a distance of seventy-five miles . The voyage down is performed in fine weather in about six hours ; while , in consequence of the tide being adverse , it requires from nine to ten hours to make the voyage up the Channel . We hardly know any voyage so pleasant of the same length , for the scenery along the shores of the Severn sea , as it is well known , is singularly romantic and beautiful . We will give a rapid description of the voyage to Bristol :— Let us suppose ourselves darting between Swansea pier-heads , in the well-known Palmerston steamer , with her opponent , the Bristol , in her wake . After crossing Swansea Bay , you pass Porthcawl , about fifteen miles from Swansea , where a harbour has been formed , at a great expense , by an extensive new coal company , whose works lie fourteen miles distant . This coast is exposed to all the fury of the Atlantic , the surf against the cliffs appearing very distinct at Swansea ; and the task of forming the Breakwater must have been a difficult one . The steamers now keep close along shore , in a channel inside the Nass Sands — an extensive and dangerous bank to seaward . The contrast between the immense and tumultuous masses of breakers over these sands , particularly if the wind is fresh , and the calmness of the narrow channel you are securely traversing , is very impressive . These sands , and another large shoal called the Skerweathers , nearer Swansea , have been fatal to many vessels . In rough weather , however , the steamers go outside , which lengthens the passage considerably . A large West Indiaman , with a cargo of rum , & c ., was lost a few years ago on a rock near Porthcawl , called the Tusca , which disappears at high-water ; and a dreadful scene of riot occurred amongst the peasantry along shore in consequence . The coast near Porthcawl appears at Swansea to be the eastern extremity of the bay ; but the bluff point called the Nass , about eight miles farther , is so in reality . The coast onwards past the Nass point is almost perpendicular , the limestone lying in horizontal strata , so as to closely resemble a very lofty wall . There are several breaks or openings of extreme natural beauty as you proceed , which have a double effect on the mind when contrasted with the stern scenery of this wild coast . St. Donat 's Castle , the residence of Mr. T. D. T . Drake , an extensive and antique structure in fine preservation , with its venerable towers partly embosomed in wood , is extremely beautiful . The park , studded with deer , shelves gradually down to the shore ; a lofty watch-tower on the heights , and the hanging terraces , must command a splendid view . St. Donat 's Castle is said to have been built nearly a thousand years ago , and was very strongly fortified : as many Roman coins have been found here , there has probably been a Roman station near . An extensive cave , accessible only at low water , near here , is said to have been the retreat of St . Donat .— The steamers still keep close along shore , and pass Aberthaw , celebrated for its limestone , till you near the Flat and Steep Holmes , two conspicuous islands in the middle of the Channel , about three miles distant from each other . From a lofty light-house on the Flat Holme , a magnificent view may be obtained on a clear day of the Channel , with Lundy Island rearing its head above the distant ocean :— “ Look round — behold How proudly the majestic Severn rides On the sea — how gloriously in light It rides ! ” The Flat Holme , which is nearly ten miles from Cardiff harbour , forms the boundary of the port of Bristol ; and every seven years the mayor and corporation of that city visit it , and go through some ceremonies prescribed by ancient custom . There are some remarkable and interesting rocks on the Flat Holme : its only inhabitants are a man and his wife , the attendants at the light-house . This man is created sole lord of the island by the corporation of Bristol , and has the exclusive right of fishing round its shores . The Steep Holme is a lofty and barren rock , tenanted alone by the cormorant and the sea-mew : it is smaller than the Flat Holme . The following lines are so beautifully descriptive of this lonely and desolate spot , that we cannot resist transcribing them : “ The sea-bird claims that solitary spot , And around , loud screaming , wheels In undisturbed possession : other sounds , Save those of shrieking winds and battling cliffs . Are seldom heard in that deserted isle . The spirit of desolation seems to dwell Within it ; and although the sun is high , And Nature is at holy peace , it has An aspect wild and dreary . But in the wint'ry storm , when all that sea — The terrible Atlantic — breasts its rocks In thund'ring conflict , the unearthly howl Might almost wake the dead . ” N. T . Carrington . But to proceed with our voyage :— Almost opposite the Holmes there is an extensive view on your right of Bridgewater Bay , receding inland ; and on the left , Pennarth Roads , with the forest of shipping and town of Cardiff elevated in the distance , present themselves . On this side the Channel there is nothing more to mention — the thriving and very extensive port of Newport on the Uske , in Monmouthshire , about twelve miles above Cardiff , not being visible . This town has risen almost entirely within the present century . It owes its prosperity partly to the excellent quality and hardness of its coal , which is almost equal to that of Newcastle , and partly to an unjust and exclusive act of parliament , which enacts that all coals shipped eastward of the Holmes shall be free of duty , to the great injury of Cardiff , Swansea , and other ports to the westward . The annual shipments to the port of Bridgewater alone , in consequence , are 100 , 000 tons . You now stretch nearer the Somersetshire coast ; and after passing that beautiful and much-frequented little watering-place , Weston-supra-mare , clustering on the side of a romantic declivity along shore , the flood-tide reaches you on arriving in the far-famed King-Road at the mouth of the Avon , which , in addition to the natural beauty of the surrounding scenery , generally presents an animating scene of shipping and steamers , lying off till there is sufficient tide up the river . But we have progressed gently amidst a crowd of small craft past Pill , a fishing village at its mouth ; and after being entranced for five miles with the magnificent and varied scenery of that lovely river , the classic and palatial buildings of Clifton , cresting the pinnacle of the rocks , come in sight as you near Cumberland Basin , and form a fit termination to such a scene . But we must recur to this subject . VYVYAN . THE GATHERER . “ A snapper-up of unconsidered trifles . ” SHAKSPEARE . SIR HUMPHRY DAVY . We all know that Sir Humphry Davy was the creator of electro-chemistry — that he was the inventer of the safety-lamp ; but few are aware that he was also a poet , and that the chemist wrote the prologue to the Honey Moon . We knew that he was skilful in angling , for he was the author of Salmonia ; but we did not know that he was the original Green Man , and went a-fishing in a green dress , with a broad-brimmed green hat stuck with artificial flies , and being , in short , all green , down to his boots of Indian rubber . He was also an epicure of the drollest kind , for he was curious in tasting every thing that had never been tasted before , and interfered himself in the composition of dishes intended for his table , thereby encountering the wrath of strange cooks , and running serious risks in inn-kitchens . We have long heard his name coupled with aristocratic parties , but we see how he contrived to reconcile the calls of the laboratory and the invitations of great people . He worked to the last moment ; and , when he was too late for dinner , covered his dirty shirt with a clean one , there being no time for changing it . He has been known to wear five strata of shirts at a time , and to have greatly surprised his friends by his rapid transitions from a state of corpulency to that of considerable leanness . This was when , at some moment of leisure , he contrived to find time to despoil himself of his exuvia . All Sir Humphry 's experience in high circles ( and in the plenitude of his fame he commanded any rank ) never gave him ease of manner : he lacked the original familiarity with polished society , and his best efforts at pleasing were marred with a disagreeable bearing , which might sometimes be called pertness , sometimes superciliousness .— As in his dress he oscillated between a dandy and a sloven , so in his manners he vibrated from familiarity to hauteur . In all personal matters he missed the golden mean .— Spectator Newspaper . YOUTHFUL PHILOSOPHY . The young Princess Esterhazy was a great favourite of George IV . At a ball given in honour of his Majesty 's birth-day , the young ladies were each expected to kneel , and present him with a nosegay ; but the princess declared , that as she was of royal blood , she would prefer death to such degradation . The King received her graciously , notwithstanding her obstinacy ; but her governess sent the child to bed immediately after dinner . “ Bon pour la digestion , ” exclaimed the princess ; which so enraged the governess , that she took her out of bed and whipped her soundly . “ Bon pour la circulation , ” said the princess ; and the next day the governess resigned .— Atlas . PLAIN SPEAKING . At St. Augustine 's Sessions , in an appeal case , a witness was asked by Sir Edward Knatchbull , to relate what took place between him and his master , which he did as follows :— “ I told him he was a liar . ” Chairman — “ Very improper language . ” Witness — “ Ca n't help that , I am come here to speak the truth , and you have got it . ” — Kent and Essex Mer . THE DEAD HAND . It is an opinion very prevalent among the “ finest pisantry in the world , ” that a lighted candle placed in a dead man 's hand will not be seen by any but those by whom it is used ; and also that , if a candle in a dead hand be introduced into a house , it will prevent those who may be asleep from awaking ! Under the influence of this superstition , a party , a few nights since armed with a dead man 's hand and lighted candle , attacked the house of Mrs. Leonard ( the mother of the priest ) , in the town of Oldcastle , county of Meath ; but , unfortunately for the credit of the creed , the inmates were alarmed , and the robbers fled , leaving the hand behind them . EPIGRAMS . “ Upon his arrival at Perthshire , his Majesty is to be received by a band of two hundred men , entirely of the Mac clan , arrayed in the ancient national costume . ” — Scotsman . In Scotia our king 's to be blessed with a treat , A balleting one if the Scotch have their nacks , For the papers put forth he 's at Perthshire to meet , Dressed in tartan and bonnet , a band of all “ Macs . ” ( Almacks .) Which wert thou , cruel Bishop Bonner , A savage wit , or senseless noddy , When to extinguish Ridley 's faith , Thou mad'st a bonfire of his body ? Disdain 'd by the Helen he fondly had wooed , A love-stricken swain in a region campestris , Thus “ clerkly ” gave vent to his sorrowful mood , Ah ! vota si mea val í ssent cum Vestris ! [ 3 ] Ah me ! what foggy thoughts environ The man that reads Gait 's “ Life of Byron . ” — Hudibras parodied . “ What pens doth Galt in general use ? ” To Farthing thus said Simon Shark ; “ Mostly the Nocto-Polygraph , Or pen that writes Sir — in the dark . ” PUN-ICUS . [ 3 ] Vide Certamen Ajacis et Ulyssis . Ovid 's Met . PARLIAMENTARY ABSTINENCE . Perhaps it is not generally known , and certainly not generally attended to , that an act of parliament was made in the reign of Edward III . prohibiting any one from being served , at dinner or supper , with more than two courses ; except upon some great holidays there specified , in which he may be served with three . This act has never been repealed . J. J. C . ANTICIPATORY EPITAPH . ( To the Editor .) Connected with Leeds , Kent , mentioned in No . 461 of The Mirror , I beg leave to inform you , that in the village churchyard , near the castle , is a rather singular inscription upon a grave-stone , which was put up by the deceased during his life time ; and when I first saw it , had blanks , for inserting his age and the time of his death . These blanks have long since been filled up , and the whole now reads as follows :— “ In memory of James Barham , of this parish , who departed this life Jan. 14 , 1818 , aged 93 years ; and who , from the year 1774 to the year 1804 , rung , in Kent and elsewhere , 112 peals , not less than 5 , 040 changes in each peal , and called bobs , & c. for most of the peals ; and April 7th and 8th , 1761 , assisted in ringing 40 , 320 bob-majors , on Leeds-bells , in 27 hours . ” R. ROFFE . As Le Commandeur De Sillery , who was ambassador from France to the Pope , was one day walking with the Venetian ambassador , in the square before the beautiful church of the Ges ù, at Rome ( where it seems there is always air , even in the hottest day of summer ) , he said to him , “ What an odd thing it is that there should be always something of a breeze here ? Can your excellency account for it ? ” “ Perfectly well , ” replied the Venetian , “ upon a tradition that has been long current in this city . The devil and the wind were one day walking together in the streets of Rome , when , coming to the Jesuits ’ College in this place , the devil said to the wind , ‘ Pray be so good as to stay here a minute or two , I have a word to say to these good fathers within . ’ The devil , as the story goes , never returned to his companion , who has been ever since waiting for him at the door . ” J. G. B . LORD BYRON . On Saturday next , a SUPPLEMENT of PIQUANT EXTRACTS FROM MOORE 'S LIFE OF LORD BYRON , Vol . II . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .