THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 10 , No . 275 .] SATURDAY , SEPTEMBER 29 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d . KEW PALACE . Kew Palace . Innumerable are the instances of princes having sought to perpetuate their memories by the building of palaces , from the Domus Aurea , or golden house of Nero , to the comparatively puny structures of our own times . As specimens of modern magnificence and substantial comfort , the latter class of edifices may be admirable ; but we are bound to acknowledge , that in boldness and splendour of design , they cannot assimilate to the labours of antiquity , much of whose stupendous character is to this day preserved in many series of interesting ruins :— Whilst in the progress of the long decay , Thrones sink to dust , and nations pass away . As a record of this degeneracy , near the western corner of Kew Green stands the new palace , commenced for George III ., under the direction of the late James Wyatt , Esq . The north front , the only part open to public inspection , possesses an air of solemn , sullen grandeur ; but it very ill accords with the taste and science generally displayed by its nominal architect . To quote the words of a contemporary , “ this Anglo-Teutonic , castellated , gothized structure must be considered as an abortive production , at once illustrative of bad taste and defective judgment . From the small size of the windows and the diminutive proportion of its turrets , it would seem to possess “ ‘ Windows that exclude the light , And passages that lead to nothing . ’ ” Upon the unhappy seclusion of the royal architect , the works were suspended , and it now remains unfinished . Censure and abuse have , however , always been abundantly lavished on its architecture , whether it be the result of royal caprice or of professional study ; but the taste of either party deserves to be taxed with its demerits . The northern front was intended to be appropriated to the use of domestics ; the whole building is rendered nearly indestructible by fire , by means of cast-iron joists and rafters , & c ., certainly in this case an unnecessary precaution , since the whole pile is shortly to be pulled down . The foundation , too , is in a bog close to the Thames , and the principal object in its view is the dirty town of Brentford , on the opposite side of the river ; a selection , it would seem , of family taste , for George II . is known to have often said , when riding through Brentford , “ I do like this place , it 's so like Yarmany . ” A modern tourist , in “ A Morning 's Walk from London to Kew , ” characterizes the new palace as “ the Bastile palace , from its resemblance to that building , so obnoxious to freedom and freemen . On a former occasion , ” says he , “ I have viewed its interior , and I am at a loss to conceive the motive for preferring an external form , which rendered it impracticable to construct within it more than a series of large closets , boudoirs , and rooms like oratories . ” The latter part of this censure is judiciously correct ; but the epithet “ bastile ” is perhaps too harsh for some ears . The old palace at Kew formerly belonged to the Capel family , and by marriage became the property of Samuel Molyneux , Esq ., secretary to George II . when prince of Wales . The late Frederic , prince of Wales , took a long lease of the house , which he made his frequent residence ; and here , too , occasionally resided his favourite poet , James Thomson , author of “ The Seasons . ” It is now held by his majesty on the same tenure . The house contains some good pictures , among which is a set of Canaletti 's works ; the celebrated picture of the Florence gallery , by Zoffany , ( who resided in the neighbourhood ,) was removed several years since . The pleasure-grounds , which contain 120 acres , were laid out by Sir William Chambers , one of the greatest masters of ornamental English gardening . Altogether they form a most delightful suburban retreat , and we hope to take an early opportunity of noticing them more in detail . The old mansion opposite the palace was taken on a long lease by Queen Caroline of the descendants of Sir Richard Lovett , and has been inhabited by different branches of the royal family : and here his present majesty was educated , under the superintendance of the late Dr. Markham , archbishop of York . This house was bought , in 1761 , for the late Queen Charlotte , who died here November 17 , 1818 . Apart from these courtly attractions , Kew is one of the most interesting of the villages near London . On Kew Green once stood a house , the favourite retirement of Sir Peter Lely . In the church and cemetery , too , are interred Meyer , the celebrated miniature-painter , Gainsborough , and Zoffany . Their tombs are simple and unostentatious ; but other and more splendid memorials are left to record their genius . The premature fate of Kew Palace renders it at this moment an object of public curiosity ; while the annexed engraving may serve to identify its site , when posterity “ Asks where the fabric stood . ” THE NUPTIAL CHARM . ( For the Mirror .) There is a charm in wedded bliss . That leaves each rapture cold to this ; There is a soft endearing spell , That language can but faintly tell . ‘ Tis not the figure , form , nor face , ‘ Tis not the manner , air , nor grace , ‘ Tis not the smile nor sparkling eye , ‘ Tis not the winning look nor sigh . There is a charm surpassing these , A pleasing spell-like pleasure 's breeze ! A joy that centres in the heart , And doth its balmy sweets impart ! ‘ Tis not the lure of beauty 's power , The skin-deep magnet of an hour ; It is — affection 's mutual glow , That does the nuptial charm bestow ! UTOPIA . FINE ARTS . RAPHAEL SANZIO D'URBINO . In No . 273 of the Mirror , P. T. W . has noticed the Cartoons of Raphael ; and I therefore solicit the reader 's attention to the subjoined remarks on that master 's unsurpassed genius . Raphael Sanzio d'Urbino was the pupil of Pietro Perugino , but afterwards studied the works of Leonardo di Vinci and Michael Angelo . He excelled every modern painter , and was thought to equal the ancients ; though he did not design naked figures with so much knowledge as Michael Angelo , who was more eminently skilled in anatomy ; neither did he paint in so graceful a style as the Venetians ; but he had a much more happy manner of disposing and choosing his subjects than any other artist who has lived since his time . His admirable choice of attitudes , ornaments , draperies , and expression , can surely never be equalled by the most successful aspirant in the fine arts . He has an undisputed title to the prince of painters ; for , notwithstanding his premature death , he produced the most enchanting representations of the sublime and beautiful . A painter will ever derive much benefit from the study of all Raphael 's pictures ; especially from the Martyrdom of Saint Felicitas ; the Transfiguration ; Joseph explaining Pharaoh 's Dream ; and the School of Athens . Among the wonders of art with which the School of Athens abounds , we may select that of four youths attending to a sage mathematician , who is demonstrating some theorem . One of the boys is listening with profound reverence to the reasoning of his master ; another discovers a greater quickness of apprehension ; while the third is endeavouring to explain it to the last , who stands with a gaping countenance , utterly unable to comprehend the learned man 's discourse . Expression , which was Raphael 's chief excellence , and in which no other master has well succeeded , may be seen in the above picture to perfection . Besides his grand historical works , he executed portraits in a good style ; and was also an admirable architect . In person , he was handsome , and remarkably well made , his manners being polite and unaffected . He never refused to impart to others what he knew himself ; by which conduct he became esteemed in private , as much as he was adored in public . This master 's grand works are principally at Rome , in the Vatican ; in the palace , Florence ; Versailles ; and the Palais Royal , France ; the king 's collection , Naples ; and in the apartments at Hampton Court Palace . His best scholars were Julio Romano , Polydore , Giovanni d'Udine , and Gaudenzio , to all of whom he communicated the grand arcana of his wonderful art . G. W. N . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . Letter from the Princess , afterwards Queen , Elizabeth , to her sister , Queen Mary , on her being ordered to the Tower , in consequence of a suspicion that she was connected with Wyat 's rebellion :— “ If any ever did try this old saynge , that a kinge 's worde was more than another man 's othe , I most humbly beseche your majesty to verefie it in me , and to remember your last promis and my last demande , that I be not condemned without answer and due profe : wiche it semes that now I am , for that without cause provid I am by your counsel frome you commanded to go unto the Tower ; a place more wonted for a false traitor , than a tru subject . Wiche thogth I knowe I deserve it not , yet in the face of al this realme aperes that it is provid ; wiche I pray God , I may dy the shamefullist dethe that ever any died , afore I may mene any suche thinge : and to this present hower I protest afor God ( who shal juge my trueth whatsoever malice shal devis ) that I never practised , consiled , nor consentid to any thinge that might be prejudicial to your parson any way , or daungerous to the State by any mene . And therefor I humbly beseche your Majestie to let me answer afore your selfe , and not suffer me to trust to your counselors ; yea and that afore I go to the Tower , if it be possible ; if not , afore I be further condemned . Howbeit , I trust assuredly , your Highnes to wyl give me leve to do it afor I go ; for that thus shamfully I may not be cried out on , as now I shalbe ; yea and without cause . Let consciens move your Highnes take some bettar way with me , than to make me be condemned in al mens sigth , afor my desert knowen . Also I most humbly beseche your Highnes to pardon this my boldnes , wiche innocency procures me to do , togither with hope of your natural kindnes ; wiche I trust wyl not se me cast away without desert : wiche what it is , I wold desier no more of God , but that you truly knewe . Wiche thinge I thinke and beleve you shal never by report knowe , unless by your selfe you hire . I have harde in my time of many cast away , for want of comminge to the presence of ther Prince : and in late days I harde my Lorde of Sommerset say , that if his brother had bine sufferd to speke with him , he had never sufferd : but the perswasions wer made to him so gret , that he was brogth in belefe that he coulde not live safely if the Admiral lived ; and that made him give his consent to his dethe . Thogth thes parsons ar not to be compared to your majestie , yet I pray God , as ivel perswations perswade not one sistar again the other ; and al for that the have harde false report , and not harkene to the trueth knowin . Therefor ons again , kniling with humblenes of my hart , bicause I am not sufferd to bow the knees of my body , I humby crave to speke with your higthnis ; wiche I wolde not be so bold to desier , if I knewe my selfe most clere as I knowe myselfe most tru . And as for the traitor Wiat , he migth paraventur writ me a lettar ; but , on my faithe , I never receved any from him . And as for the copie of my lettar sent to the Frenche kinge , I pray God confound me eternally , if ever I sent him word , message , token , or lettar by any menes : and to this my truith I will stande in to my dethe . “ Your Highnes most faithful subject that hathe bine from the beginninge , and wylbe to my ende , “ ELIZABETH . ” I humbly crave but only one worde of answer from your selfe . Ellis 's Original Letters . THE NOVELIST . No . CXI . THE MUTINY . —— O God ! Had you but seen his pale , pale blanched cheek ! He would not eat .— O Christ ! THE BERYL . In the summer of the year 18 —, I was the only passenger on board the merchantman , Alceste , which was bound to the Brazils . One fine moonlight night , I stood on the deck , and gazed on the quiet ocean , on which the moon-beams danced . The wind was so still , that it scarcely agitated the sails , which were spread out to invite it . I looked round ; it was the same on every side — a world of waters : not a single object diversified the view , or intercepted the long and steady glance which I threw over the ocean . I have heard many complain of the sameness and unvarying uniformity of the objects which oppose themselves to the eye of the voyager . I feel differently ; I can gaze for hours , without weariness , on the deep , occupied with the thought it produces ; I can listen to the rush of the element as the vessel cleaves it , and these things have charms for me which others cannot perceive . I heard , on a sudden , a noise , which seemed to proceed from the captain 's cabin , and I thought I could distinguish the voices of several men , speaking earnestly , though in a suppressed tone . I cautiously drew near the spot from whence the noise arose , but the alarm was given , and I could see no one . I retired to rest , or rather to lie down ; for I felt that heavy and foreboding sense of evil overpower me , which comes we know not how or wherefore ; and I could not sleep , knowing that there had been disputes between the captain and his men , respecting some point of discipline , and I feared to think what might be the consequences . I lay a long time disturbed with these unpleasant reflections ; at last , wearied with my thoughts , my eyes closed , and I dropped to sleep . But it was not to that refreshing sleep which recruits the exhausted spirits , and by awhile “ steeping the senses in forgetfulness , ” renders them fitter for exertion on awakening . My sleep was haunted with hideous and confused dreams , and murder and blood seemed to surround me . I was awakened by convulsive starts , and in vain sought again for quiet slumber ; the same images filled my mind , diversified in a thousand horrid forms . Early in the morning , I arose , and went above , and the mild sea breeze dispelled my uneasy sensations . During the whole of the day nothing seemed to justify the fears that had tormented me , and everything went on in its regular course . The men pursued their occupations quietly and in silence , and I thought the temporary fit of disaffection was passed over . Alas ! I remembered not that the passions of men , like deep waters , are most to be suspected when they seem to glide along most smoothly . Night came on , and I retired to rest more composed than on the preceding evening . I endeavoured to convince myself that the noises I had heard were but the fancies of a disturbed imagination , and I slept soundly . Ill-timed security ! About midnight I was awakened by a scuffling in the vessel . I hastened to the spot ; the captain and one of his officers were fighting against a multitude of the ship 's crew . In a moment after I saw the officer fall . Two fellows advanced to me , and , clapping pistols to my breast , threatened instant death , if I stirred or spoke . I gazed on the bloody spectacle ; the bodies , which lay around , swimming in gore , testified that the mutineers could not have accomplished their aim with impunity . I was horror-struck ; a swimming sensation came over my eyes , my limbs failed me , and I fell senseless . When I recovered , I found myself lying on a bed . Everything was still . I listened in vain for a sound ; I lay still a considerable time ; at last , I arose and walked about the ship , but could see no one . I searched every part of the vessel ; I visited the place of slaughter , which I had , at first , carefully avoided ; I counted nine dead bodies , and the coagulated blood formed a loathsome mass around them ; I shuddered to think I was desolate — the companion of death . “ Good God ! ” said I , “ and they have left me here alone ! ” The word sounded like a knell to me . It now occurred to me , it was necessary the bodies should be thrown overboard . I took up one of them , dragged it to the side , and plunged it into the waves ; but the dash of the heavy body into the sea , reminded me more forcibly of my loneliness . The sea was so calm , I could scarcely hear it ripple by the vessel 's side . One by one I committed the bodies to their watery grave . At last my horrible task was finished . My next work was to look for the ship 's boats , but they were gone , as I expected . I could not bear to remain in the ship ; it seemed a vast tomb for me . I resolved to make some sort of raft , and depart in it . This occupied two or three days ; at length it was completed , and I succeeded in setting it afloat . I lowered into it all the provision I could find in the ship , which was but little , the sailors having , as I imagined , carried off the remainder . All was ready , and I prepared to depart . I trembled at the thought of the dangers I was about to encounter . I was going to commit myself to the ocean , separated from it only by a few boards , which a wave might scatter over the surface of the waters . I might never arrive at land , or meet with any vessel to rescue me from my danger , and I should be exposed , without shelter , and almost without food . I half resolved to remain in my present situation ; but a moment 's reflection dispelled the idea of such a measure . I descended ; I stood on my frail raft ; I cut the rope by which it was fastened to the ship . I was confused to think of my situation ; I could hardly believe that I had dared to enter alone on the waste of waters . I endeavoured to compose myself , but in vain . As far as I could see , nothing presented itself to my view but the vessel I had left ; the sea was perfectly still , for not the least wind was stirring . I endeavoured , with two pieces of board , which supplied the place of oars , to row myself along ; but the very little progress I made alarmed me . If the calm should continue , I should perish of hunger . How I longed to see the little sail I had made , agitated by the breeze ! I watched it from morning to night ; it was my only employment ; but in vain . The weather continued the same . Two days passed over ; I looked at my store of provisions ; it would not , I found , last above three or four days longer , at the farthest . They were quickly passing away . I almost gave myself up for lost . I had scarcely a hope of escaping . On the fourth day since my departure from the ship , I thought I perceived something at a distance ; I looked at it intently — it was a sail . Good heavens ! what were my emotions at the sight ! I fastened my handkerchief on a piece of wood , and waved it , in hopes that it would be observed , and that I should be rescued from my fearful condition . The vessel pressed on its course ; I shouted ;— I knew they could not hear me , but despair impelled me to try so useless an expedient . It passed on — it grew dim — I stretched my eyeballs to see it — it vanished — it was gone ! I will not attempt to describe the torturing feelings which possessed me , at seeing the chance of relief which had offered itself destroyed . I was stupified with grief and disappointment . My stock of provisions was now entirely exhausted , and I looked forward with horror to an excruciating death . A little water which had remained , quenched my burning thirst . I wished that the waves would rush over me . My hunger soon became dreadful , but I had no means of relieving it . I endeavoured to sleep , that I might for awhile , forget my torments ; and my wearied frame yielded for awhile to slumber . When I awoke I was not , however , refreshed ; I was weak , and felt a burning pain at my stomach . I became hourly more feeble ; I lay down , but was unable to rise again . My limbs lost their strength ; my lips and tongue were parched ; a convulsive shuddering agitated me ; my eyes seemed darkened , and I gasped for breath . The burning at my stomach now departed ; I experienced no pain ; but a dull torpor came over me ; my hands and feet became cold ; I believed I was dying , and I rejoiced at the thought . Presently I lost all thought and feeling , and lay , without sense , on a few boards , which divided me from the ocean . In this situation , as I was afterwards informed , I was taken up by a small vessel , and carried to a seaport town . I slowly recovered , and found that I alone , of all who were on board the vessel in which I had embarked , had escaped death . The crew , who had departed in the boats , after murdering the captain , had met their reward — the boats were shattered against a rock . December Tales . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . A STORM IN THE INDIAN SEAS . While the sun was setting with even more than its usual brilliancy , and leaving its path marked with streaks of gold , a bird hovered over our heads , and suddenly alighted on our taffrail : it was one of “ Mother Carey 's chickens , ” which by mariners are considered as harbingers of ill , and generally of a furious storm . At a warning of this kind I did not then feel disposed to take alarm ; but there were other warnings not to be slighted — the horizon to the east presented the extraordinary appearance of a black cloud in the shape of a bow , with its convex towards the sea , and which kept its singular shape and position unchanged until nightfall . For the period too of twenty minutes after the setting of the sun , the clouds to the north-west continued of the colour of blood ; but that which most attracted our observation was , to us , a remarkable phenomenon — the sea immediately around us , and , as far as the eye could discern by the light of the moon , appeared , for about forty minutes , of a perfectly milk white . We were visited by two more chickens of Mother Carey , both of which sought refuge , with our first visiter , on the mainmast . We sounded , but found no bottom at a hundred fathoms ; a bucket of the water was then drawn up , the surface of which was apparently covered with innumerable sparks of fire — an effect said to be caused by the animalculae which abound in sea-water : it is at all times common , but the sparks are not in general so numerous , nor of such magnitude , as were those which then presented themselves . The hand too , being dipped in the water , and immediately withdrawn , thousands of them would seem to adhere to it . A dismal hollow breeze , which , as the night drew on , howled through our rigging , and infused into us all a sombre , melancholy feeling , increased by gathering clouds , and the altogether portentous state of the atmosphere and elements , ushered in the first watch , which was to be kept by Thomson . About eight o'clock , loud claps of thunder , each in kind resembling a screech , or the blast of a trumpet , rather than the rumbling sound of thunder in Europe , burst over our heads , and were succeeded by vivid flashes of forked lightning . We now made every necessary preparation for a storm , by striking the top-gallant-masts , with their yards , close reefing the topsails and foresail , bending the storm-staysail , and battening down the main hatch , over which two tarpaulins were nailed , for the better preservation of the cargo . We observed innumerable shoals of fishes , the motions of which appeared to be more than usually vivid and redundant . At twelve o'clock , on my taking charge of the deck , the scene bore a character widely different from that which it presented but three hours before . We now sailed under close-reefed maintopsail and foresail . The sea ran high ; our bark laboured hard , and pitched desperately , and the waves lashed her sides with fury , and were evidently increasing in force and size . Over head nothing was to be seen but huge travelling clouds , called by sailors the “ scud , ” which hurried onwards with the fleetness of the eagle in her flight . Now and then the moon , then in her second quarter , would show her disc for an instant , but be quickly obscured ; or a star of “ paly ” light peep out , and also disappear . The well was sounded , but the vessel did not yet make more water than what might be expected in such a sea ; we , however , kept the pumps going at intervals , in order to prevent the cargo from sustaining damage . The wind now increased , and the waves rose higher ; about two o'clock A. M. the weather maintopsail-sheet gave way ; the sail then split to ribbons , and before we could clue it up , was completely blown away from the bolt-rope . The foresail was then furled , not without great difficulty , and imminent hazard to the seamen , the storm staysail alone withstanding the mighty wind , which seemed to gain strength every half-hour , while the sea , in frightful sublimity , towered to an incredible height , frequently making a complete breach over our deck . At four A. M . I was relieved by Thomson , who at daylight apprized me that the maintopmast was sprung , and that the gale was increasing . Scarcely had I gone on deck , when a tremendous sea struck us a little “ abaft the beam , ” carrying every thing before it , and washing overboard hencoops , cables , water-casks , and indeed every movable article on the deck . Thomson , almost by miracle , escaped being lost ; but having , in common with the lascars , taken the precaution to lash a rope round his waist , we were able , by its means , to extricate him from danger ; at the same time the vessel made an appalling lurch , lying down on her beam-ends , in which position she remained for the space of two minutes , when the maintopmast , followed by the foretopmast , went by the board with a dreadful crash ; she then righted , and we were all immediately engaged in going aloft , and with hatchets cutting away the wreck , each of us being lashed with a rope round the waist ; ropes were also fastened across the deck , in parallel lines , to hold on by ; for such was the violence of the vessel 's motion , that without such assistance it would have been impossible to stand . As for my Virginia , she was in her cot , hearing all that was going forward on deck ,— sensible of her danger , and a prey to the apprehension of meeting a death similar to that of her prototype , and equally dreadful . A drizzling shower now came on , and having continued for some time , was at length succeeded by heavy rain , which having been converted into sleet , was carried in flakes swiftly along the tops of the towering mountains of sea ; while the cold sensibly affected the already exhausted lascars , at once disinclining them from exertion , and incapacitating them from making any ; some of them even sat down like inanimate statues , with a fixed stare , and a deathlike hue upon their countenances : the most afflicting circumstance was , their being destitute of warm clothing , which they had neglected to provide themselves with , as they ought to have done , out of the four months ’ advance they received in Calcutta . All that I could spare was given to Thomson ; but unable to endure the sight of their misery , I distributed among them many articles which I could ill spare ,— sheets , shirts , and blankets , except one of the latter , which I had reserved as a provision against any further extreme of suffering which might yet await us . There was one poor lascar , a simple inoffensive youth , about nineteen , who was an object of the liveliest commiseration ; he was nearly naked , and in that state had been continually drenched by the sea and rain , during the whole of the day and night ; he was holding his hands up to heaven in a supplicating attitude , and shaking in an aguish fit ; the tears fell in torrents down his cheeks , while he uttered his plaints in loud and piercing lamentations . Unable , at last , to witness his misery any longer , I rushed down to my cabin — “ Can you , Virginia , spare me this blanket without feeling the cold too much yourself ?— it is to save the life of a fellow-creature . ” — “ Yes , take it ; but stay with me , or , under the horrors I feel , I shall die in this cabin , and alone . I know we must perish , and why not die together ? ” I entreated her to support herself with all the fortitude she could collect , urged the impossibility of my keeping her company , as every moment called for my assistance ; and assuring her there was no real danger , I hurried on deck with the blanket , and wrapped the poor wretch in its folds . I thought he would have worshipped me . It was about four o'clock , on the fifth morning , that I ventured into my cabin , to repose myself on my cot until daylight , more with the persuasion that my presence would inspire Virginia with fresh hopes , and , in consequence , better spirits , than that the storm had in the least abated , or that the peril had become less imminent . At six , Thomson , whom I had left in charge of the deck , aroused me by bawling , in a voice necessarily raised to the highest pitch , to make itself heard amidst the howling , or rather screaming of the elements — “ Naufragus ! ” I instantly jumped up , without waiting any specific communication , and , on reaching the deck , found the pumps at work , and was informed that we had five feet water in the hold , and that the water was gaining upon us fast , notwithstanding the pumps had been kept constantly going .— “ Well , ” said Thomson , in a low tone , not to be heard by the crew , “ we 'll do our best , as long as she floats , but that cannot now be much longer — it 's all over with us , depend upon it ! ” There was no time for argument ; the pumps were now the chief object of our attention ; and Thomson and myself , with the secunnies , plied them incessantly , until we were ready to drop down with fatigue . In a short time we found that the water brought up by the pumps bore a brownish colour , and , on tasting it , that it was sweet ; so that it was evident we were pumping up the sugar , which being contained in baskets , was but ill protected against water . Such is the fondness for life , that on the appearance of any sudden or immediate cause of dissolution , any consideration unconnected with the paramount one of preservation , is set at naught ; thus , although I was sensible that my valuable cargo was momentarily diminishing , and my property wasting away , I then felt no disposition to regret my loss , the powers of my mind , and the affections of my heart , being all engaged on higher objects . Those lascars who could at all be brought to the pumps were in so wretched and debilitated a state , as to require constant reliefs . For one day and two nights , except a few short intervals , Thomson and myself , with the secunnies , were at the pumps : at the end of that time , our hands were blistered to such a degree , that the skin having peeled off , the raw flesh appeared ; our arms , thighs , and legs were so dreadfully swelled , and our loins in such tormenting pain , as to make it impossible for us to continue the exertion , without suffering extreme agony ; and nothing but the melancholy conviction that we must continue our labour , or perish , could possibly have sustained us under such hardships — hardships , however , which we had the heartfelt satisfaction to find were so far from being useless , that on perusing the sounding-rod , when pulled up from the well , ( which we did under feelings of extreme anxiety and eagerness ,) we were convinced that the water did not gain upon us . Our spirits , however , received no encouragement from the appearance of the elements ; the clouds were black and frowning , and all around still bore a threatening appearance , the hurricane indeed having rather increased than in the slightest degree abated . The circumstance of our having on board so perishable and light a cargo as soft sugar , it is remarkable , was the very means of our preservation . Had it consisted of almost any other article , either of pepper or of dead wood , we must inevitably have perished . To have thrown overboard any heavy cargo , would , from the constant and heavy breaches which the sea made over us , have been impossible . Neither could the masts have been cut away , for the purpose of lightening the vessel , in consequence of the imbecile condition of the crew ; a recourse to so hazardous a measure would , under our circumstances , most likely have proved the cause of our destruction . As it was , from constant pumping for three days , we found our vessel as light and buoyant as a cork , and , with the exception of the baskets in which the sugar had been stowed , as empty as when I first purchased her . Night approached , bringing with it additional horrors . The secunnies , who had hitherto borne their hardships with admirable fortitude , now began to droop , and to express a violent inclination for more rum , although as much had been given them as they could possibly bear ; indeed , rum , with dough , half-baked , had formed their only sustenance during the whole period of our sufferings . As for the pumps , we were now so lightened , they did not require to be worked at all ; but the greatest dread we laboured under was from the dangerous condition of the main and fore masts , that tottered to and fro , threatening to go by the board every minute . Before the hour of sunset , a large bird , called the albatross , with wings the length of four to five feet each , skimmed along the surface of the waves , close to and around us ; this inspired the crew with hopes , as they supposed it to be a good omen . It remained hovering near our unfortunate wreck for some minutes , until it alighted on the waves , where it was seen riding perfectly at ease , and with the majesty of a fine large swan , now on the summit of a tremendous mountain of waters , and now in the ravines of a wide and deep abyss . At length darkness once more encompassed us around , and seemed to shut us out from even a ray of hope ; the desponding few , whose senses were still left them , apparently felt with more acuteness than before , the desperation and horrors of their condition . At the hour of eight P. M ., however , the wind suddenly changed from south-east to south-west , and soon appeared to be dying away . At this happy circumstance , whereby a prospect of deliverance from the very depths of despair was opened to us , the feelings manifested by the crew were as singular as they were various ; some shouted for joy — some cried — others muttered prayers — while a few were still despondent , presenting wild and savage-looking features , and seeming to regret that the billows had not swallowed them up .— Adventures of Naufragus . DAMP BEDS . Clean sheets are not remarkably common at common inns , where , I am informed , that the practice is to take them from the bed , sprinkle them with water , to fold them down , and then put them in a press . When they are wanted again , they are , literally speaking , shewn to the fire , and in a reeking state laid on the bed . The traveller is tired and sleepy , dreams of that pleasure or that business which brought him from home , and the remotest thing from his mind is , that from the very repose which he fancies has refreshed him , he has received the rheumatism . The receipt , therefore , to sleep comfortably at inns , is to take your own sheets , to have plenty of flannel gowns , and to promise , and take care to pay , a handsome consideration for the liberty of choosing your beds . Damp beds are oftenest found in inns that are least visited ; they ought to be carefully avoided , for they not only produce dreadful disorders , but have often proved the death of the person who has had the misfortune to sleep in them . Especially in winter , not only examine the beds , to see whether they are quite dry , but have the bedclothes in your presence put before the fire . Just before you go to bed , order a pan of hot coals to be run through it , then place a clean tumbler inverted between the sheets , and let it remain there for a few minutes ;— if on withdrawing it the slightest cloud is observable on the inner surface , be certain that either the bed or the sheets are damp : sleeping in the blankets is a disagreeable , but the safest way of escaping such danger : there are many persons in the habit of travelling , who make it a constant practice . A wash leather sheet , about 8 feet by 5 , is not an unpleasant substitute for linen . But the only absolutely safe plan is , to sleep in a bed which you are sure has been occupied the night before ; and that , must be the best-aired bed which was slept in by the best-aired person !— Qy . The cook ?— The Traveller 's Oracle . BURMAN THIEVES . The Burmans used to approach , on dark nights , on their hands and knees , and often crawled close up to the sentinels , before they were discovered ; sometimes they carried off knapsacks and arms , and went away with their booty unperceived . A laughable instance of their dexterity took place in the Great Pagoda , on the night of the 2nd July . The soldiers , for several nights previous , had missed some arms , although a sentry was before the door , and they generally slept with their firelocks by their sides . This evening , every one was on the alert , extra sentries were posted , and every precaution taken to secure the marauders . When , on a sudden , the alarm being given , the officer on duty , who was reposing in one of the little temples , ran to the door and inquired what had occurred ,— but hearing that only a knapsack had been found in the grass , and that no other traces existed of the depredators , he turned round to lie down again , and , to his infinite astonishment , found his bed had vanished ! A light was in the room , and a servant sleeping near it , yet , notwithstanding , the impudent thieves had also ransacked a basket , and escaped with the contents ! We since heard that the robbers were Burman soldiers belonging to the camp at Kumaroot , whither they carried their spoils . They certainly deserved infinite credit for the ingenuity they manifested , and for the manner in which they turned the laugh against us , by showing , that the very moment they chose for their depredations , was one when a strict search was making after them . Two Years in Ava . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . No . XII . KANEMBOO MARKET-WOMAN . Illustration The people of Kanem , in Central Africa , are known by the name of Kanemboo , and consist of tribes of Tibboos . The women are good-looking , laughing negresses , and all but naked . Most of them have a square or triangular piece of silver or tin hanging at the back of the head , suspended from the hair , which is curiously and laboriously trained , and no one of tender years has anything like a perfect head of hair . From childhood the head is shaved , having only the top covered ; the hair from hence falls down quite round from the forehead to the pole of the neck , and is then formed into one solid plait , which in front lying quite flat just over the eyes , and behind being turned up with a little curl , has just the appearance of an old-fashioned coachman 's wig in London . The women flock from the neighbouring negro villages to the weekly fsug , or market , with baskets of gussut , gafooly , fowls , and honey , which may be purchased by small pieces of coral amber of the coarsest kind , and coloured beads . Major Denham , in his “ Travels in Northern and Central Africa , ” says “ one merchant bought a fine lamb for two bits of amber , worth , I should think , about two-pence each in Europe ; two needles purchased a fowl ; and a handful of salt , four or five good-sized fish from the lake ( Tchad ) . ” SHOUAA WOMAN . Kingdom of Bornou . Illustration The Shouaa Arabs are a very extraordinary race , and have scarcely any resemblance to the Arabs of the north ; they have fine open countenances , with aquiline noses , and large eyes ; their complexion is a light copper-colour ; they possess great cunning with their courage , and resemble in appearance some of our best favoured gipsies in England , particularly the women ; and their Arabic is nearly pure Egyptian . The best residences of the Shouaas consist of two enclosures , besides one for their horses , cows , and goats . In the first of these divisions is a circular hut , with a cupola top , well thatched with gussub straw , something resembling that of the Indian corn ; the walls are of the same materials ; a mud wall , of about two feet high , separates one part from the rest , and here their corn is kept ; and a bench of like composition , at the opposite side , is their resting-place ; this is covered with mats ; and spears and wooden bowls for water and milk , hang on pegs , and complete the furniture ; here is the master 's own apartment . In the second division are two huts , rather smaller , about ten paces from each other , in which dwell his wives . AFRICAN FUNERALS . The custom of burying the dead in the floor of dwelling-houses , is prevalent on the Gold Coast of Africa , as far as that country is known to Europeans . The ceremony is purely Pagan , and without any form , except that of the females of the family of the deceased and their friends making a mournful lamentation ; and in some instances they work their feelings up to such a degree of apparent sorrow , that their conduct has every symptom of insanity . This scene of revelry is not a little heightened by the profuse use of ardent spirits , which has so powerful an attraction , that drummers , flute-players , bards , and singing men come from great distances to partake of the libations ; and as the savage uproar lasts often for a week , it leads to every kind of dissolute practice in both sexes . Another custom , or repetition of this barbarous usage , frequently takes place seven years after the demise of persons of consequence , which is still more expensive than the former : as such are the baneful prejudices in favour of these habits , that families have too frequently pawned their relatives to raise money to defray the expense ; they purchase cattle , sheep , goats , and poultry , and with the assistance of what is brought by their friends and acquaintances , they are enabled to keep up a scene of riot for many days . The carcasses of animals sacrificed are not burned and sown in the wind as in times of old , but the Fantees more wisely , eat them , greater attention being paid to the flavour of the viands and the fragrance of the strong liquor than to the manes of the dead . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . WILLY M'GEE ' S MONKEY . I dinna think that in a ’ nature there 's a mair curiouser cratur than a monkey . I mak this observe frae being witness to an extraordinar ’ event that took place in Hamilton . Folk may talk as they like about monkeys , and cry them down for being stupid and mischievous , I for ane will no gang that length . Whatever they may be on the score of mischief , there can be nae doubt , that , sae far as gumption is concerned , they are just uncommon ; and for wit and fun they would beat ony man black and blue . In fact , I dinna think that monkeys are beasts ava . I hae a half notion that they are just wee hairy men that canna , or rather that winna speak , in case they be made to work like ither folk , instead of leading a life of idleness . But to the point : I ance had a monkey , ane of the drollest-looking deevils ye ever saw . He was gayan big for a monkey , and was hairy a ’ ower , except his face and his bit hurdies , which had a degree of bareness about them , and were nearly as saft as a lady 's loof . Weel , what think ye that I did wi ’ the beastie ? Odds , man , I dressed him up like a Heelandman , and put a kilt upon him , and a lang-tailed red coat , and a blue bannet , which for security 's sake I tied , woman-like , below his chin wi ’ twa bits of yellow ribbon . I not only did this , but I learnt him to walk upon his twa hinder legs , and to carry a stick in his right hand when he gaed out , the better to support him in his peregrinations . He was for a ’ the world like a wee man in kilts . Weel , it turned out in this manner , as ye shall hear . Ae afternoon towards the glomin ’ I was oblegated to tak ’ a stap doun to the cross , wi ’ a web under my arm , which I had finished for Mr. Weft , the muslin manufacturer . By way of frolic , a gayan foolish ane I allow , I brocht Nosey ( the monkey 's name ,) alang wi ’ me . He had on , as for ordinar ’ , his Heeland dress , and walkit behint me , wi ’ the bit stick in his hand , and his tail sticking out frae below his kilt , as if he had been my flunky . It was , after a ’ , a queer sicht , and , as may be supposed , I drew a haill crowd of bairns after me , bawling out , “ Here 's Willy M'Gee ' s monkey , ” and gi'eing him nits and gingerbread , and makin ’ as muckle of the cratur as could be ; for Nosey was a great favourite in the town , and everbody likit him for his droll tricks , and the way he used to girn , and dance , and tumble ower his head , to amuse them . On entering Mr. Weft 's shop , I faund it empty ; there wasna a leeving soul within . I supposed he had gane out for a licht ; and being gayan familiar wi ’ him , I took a stap ben to the back shop , leaving Nosey in the fore ane . I sat for twa or three minutes , but naebody made his appearance . At last the front door , which I had ta'en care to shut after me , opened , and I look't to see wha it could be , thinking that , nae doubt , it was Mr. Weft , or his apprentice . It was neither the ane nor the ither , but a strong middle-aged , red-faced Heelandman , wi ’ specks on , and wi ’ a kilt and a bannet , by a ’ the world like my monkey 's . Now , what think ye Nosey was about a ’ this time ? He was sittin ’ behind the counter upon the lang three-leggit stool that stood fornent Mr. Weft 's desk , and was turning ower the leaves of his ledger , wi ’ a look which , for auld-fashioned sagaciousness , was wonderfu ’ to behold . I was sae tickled at the sight that I paid nae sort of attention to the Heelandman , but continued looking frae the back shop at Nosey , lauching a ’ the time in my sleeve — for I jealoused that some queer scene would tak ’ place between the twa . And I wasna far wrang , for the stranger , takin ’ out a pound frae his spleuchan , handed it ower to the monkey , and speered at him , in his droll norlan deealect , if he could change a note . When I heard this I thocht I would hae lauched outricht ; and naething but sheer curiosity to see how the thing would end made me keep my gravity . It was plain that Donald had ta'en Nosey for ane of his ain countrymen — and the thing after a ’ wasna greatly to be wondered at , and that for three reasons :— Firstly , the shop was rather darkish . Secondly , the Heelandman had on specks , as I hae just said ; and it was likely on this account that he was rather short-sighted ; and Thirdly , Nosey , wi ’ his kilt , and bannet , and red coat , was , to a ’ intents and purposes , as like a human creatur as a monkey could weel be . Nae sooner , then , had he got the note , than he opened it out , and lookit at it wi ’ his wee glowrin ’ , restless een , as if to see that it wasna a forgery . He then shook his head like a doctor , when he 's no very sure what 's wrang wi ’ a person , but wants to mak ’ it appear that he kens a ’ about it — and continued in this style till the Heelandman 's patience began to get exhausted . “ Can ye no change the note , old shentleman ? ” quo ’ Donald . Nosey gi'ed his head anither shake , and looked uncommon wise . “ Is the note no goot , sir ?" ’ spak the Heelandman , a second time ; but the cratur , instead of answering him , only gi'ed anither of his wise shakes , as much as to say , “ I 'm no very sure about it . ” At this Donald lost temper . “ If the note doesna please ye , sir , ” quo ’ he , “ I 'll thank ye to gie me it back again , and I 'll gang to some ither place . ” And he stretchit out his hand to tak hand o't , when my frien ’ wi ’ the tail , lifting up his stick , lent him sic a whack ower the fingers as made him pu ’ back in the twinkling of an ee . “ Got tamn ye , ye auld scounrel , ” said the man ; “ do ye mean to tak my money frae me ? ” And he lifted up a rung big eneuch to fell a stot , and let flee at the monkey ; but Nosey was ower quick for him , and jumping aside , he lichted on a shelf before ane could say Jock Robinson . Here he rowed up the note like a baw in his hand , and put it into his coat pouch like any rational cratur . Not only this , but he mockit the Heelandman by a ’ manner of means , shooting out his tongue at him , spitting at him , and girning at him wi ’ his queer outlandish physiognomy . Then he would tak haud of his tail in his twa hands , and wag it at Donald , and steeking his nieves , he would seem to threaten him wi ’ a leatherin ’ . A'thegither he was desperate impudent , and eneuch to try the patience of a saunt , no to spak o ’ a het-bluided Heelandman . It was gude for sair een to see how Donald behavit on this occasion . He raged like ane demented , misca'ing the monkey beyond measure , and swearing as mony Gaelic aiths as micht hae sair 'd an ordinar man for a twalmonth . During this time , I never sterr 'd a foot , but keepit keeking frae the back shop upon a ’ that was ganging on . I was highly delighted ; and jealousing that Nosey was ower supple to be easily catched , I had nae apprehension for the event , and remained snug in my birth to see the upshot . In a short time , in comes Mr. Weft wi ’ a piece of lowing paper in his hand that he had got frae the next door to licht the shop ; and nae sooner did Donald see him than he ax 'd him for his note . “ What note , honest man ? ” said Mr. Weft . “ Got tamn , ” quo ’ Donald ; “ the note the auld scounrel , your grandfather , stole frae me . ” “ My grandfaither ! ” answered the ither wi ’ amazement . “ I am thinking , honest man , ye hae had a glass ower muckle . My grandfaither has been dead for saxteen years , and I ne'er heard tell till now that he was a fief . ” “ Weel , weel , then , ” quo ’ the Heelandman , “ I do n't care naething about it . If he 's no your grandfaither , he 'll be your faither , or your brither , or your cousin . ” “ My faither or my brither , or my cousin ! ” repeated Mr. Weft . “ I maun tell ye plainly , frien ’ , that I hae neither faither , nor brither , nor cousin of ony description on this side of the grave . I dinna understand ye , honest man , but I reckon that ye hae sat ower lang at the whisky , and my advice to ye is to stap awa hame and sleep it aff . ” At this speech the Heelandman lost a ’ patience , and lookit sae awfully fairce , that ance or twice I was on the nick of coming forrit , and explaining how matters really stood ; but curiosity keepit me chained to the back shop , and I just thocht I would bide a wee , and see how the affair was like to end . “ Pray , wha are you , sir ? ” said Donald , putting his hands in his sides , and looking through his specks upon Mr. Weft , like a deevil incarnit . “ Wha are you , sir , that daar to speak to me in this manner ? ” “ Wha am I ? ” said the ither , drapping the remnant of the paper , which was burnin ’ close to his fingers . “ I am Saunders Weft , manufacturir In Hamilton — that 's what I am . ” “ And I am Tonald Campbell , piper 's sister 's son to his grace the great , grand Tuke of Argyle , ” thundered out the Heelandman , wi ’ a voice that was fearsome to hear . “ And what about that ? ” quo ’ Mr. Weft , rather snappishly , as I thocht . “ If ye were the great , grand Duke of Argyle himself , as ye ca ’ him , I 'll no permit you to kick up a dust in my shop . ” “ Ye scounrel , ” said Donald , seizing Mr. Weft by the throat , and shaking him till he tottered like an aspen leaf , “ div ye mean to speak ill of his grace the Tuke of Argyle ? ” And he gi'ed him anither shake — then , laying haud of his nose , he swore that he would pu't as lang as a cow 's tail , if he didna that instant restore him his lost property . At this sicht I began to grew a ’ ower , and now saw the needcessity of stapping ben , and saving my employer frae farther damage , bodily and itherwise . Nae sooner had I made my appearance than Donald let go his grip of Mr. Weft 's nose , and the latter , in a great passion , cried out , “ William M'Gee , I tak ye to witness what I hae sufferit frae this bluid-thirsty Heelandman ! It 's no to be endured in a Christian country . I 'll hae the law of him , that I will . I 'll be whuppit but I 'll hae amends , although it costs me twenty pounds ! ” “ What 's the matter ? ” quo ’ I , pretending ignorance of the haill concern . “ What , in the name of Nebuchadnezzar , has set ye thegither by the lugs ? ” Then Mr. Weft began his tale , how he had been collared and weel nigh thrappled in his ain shop ;— then the ither tauld how , in the first place , Mr. Weft 's grandfather , as he ca 'd Nosey , had stolen his note , and how , in the second place , Mr. Weft himsell had insulted the great , grand Duke of Argyle . In a word , there was a desperate kick-up between them , the ane threeping that he would tak the law of the ither immediately . Na , in this respect Donald gaed the greatest lengths , for he swore that , rather than be defeat , he wad carry his cause to the house of lords , although it cost him thretty pounds sterling . I now saw it was time to put in a word . “ Houts-touts , gentlemen , ” quo ’ I , “ what 's the use of a ’ this clishmaclaver ? Ye 've baith gotten the wrang sow by the lug , or my name 's no William M'Gee . I 'll wager ye a pennypiece , that my monkey , Nosey is at the bottom of the business . ” Nae sooner had I spoken the word , than the twa , looking round the shop , spied the beastie sitting upon the shelf girning at them , and putting out his tongue , and wiggle-waggling his walking-stick ower his left elbow , as if he had been playing upon the fiddle . Mr. Weft at this apparition set up a loud lauch ; his passion left him in a moment , when he saw the ridiculous mistake that the Heelandman had fa'en into , and I thocht he would hae bursted his sides wi ’ evendown merriment . At first Donald lookit desperate angry , and judging frae the way he was twisting about his mouth and rowing his een , I opined that he intended some deadly skaith to the monkey . But his gude sense , of which Heelandmen are no a'thegither destitute , got the better of his anger , and he roared and lauched like the very mischief . Nor was this a ’ , for nae sooner had he began to lauch , than the monkey did the same thing , and held its sides in precisely the same manner , imitating his actions , in the maist amusin ’ way imaginable . This only set Donald a lauching mair than ever , and when he lifted up his nieve , and shook it at Nosey in a gude humoured way , what think ye that the cratur did ? Odds man , he took the note frae his pouch , whare it lay rowed up like a baw , and , papping it at Donald , hit him as fairly upon the nose , as if it had been shot out of a weel-aimed musket . There was nae resisting this . The haill three , or rather the haill four , for Nosey joined us , set up a loud lauch ; and the Heelandman 's was the loudest of a ’ , showing that he was really a man of sense , and could tak a joke as weel as his neighbours . When the lauchin ’ had a wee subsided , Mr. Campbell , in order to show that he had nae ill wull to Mr. Weft , ax 'd his pardon for the rough way he had treated him , but the worthy manufacturer wadna hear o't . “ Houts , man , ” quo ’ he , “ dinna say a word about it . It 's a mistak a'thegether , and Solomon himsell , ye ken , whiles gaed wrang . ” Whereupon the Heelandman bought a Kilmarnock nichtcap , price elevenpence happeny , frae Mr. Weft , and paid him wi ’ part of the very note that brocht on the ferly I hae just been relating . But his gude wull didna end here , for he insisted on takin ’ us a ’ — Nosey amang the lave — to the nearest public , where he gi'ed us a frien'ly glass , and we keepit tawking about monkeys , and what not , in a manner at ance edifying and amusing to hear .— Blackwood 's Magazine . SCOTCH SONG . The lassie we love and the friend we can trust , And a bumper to wash from our spirits the rust ; Then let gear-scraping carls make o ’ life catch-the-plack , And strod to the de'il wi ’ the trash on their back . This life is a garden where all choose their posies : In the spring of our youth let us gather the roses ; For brief is their bloom like the dews of the morn , If you seek them too late you will find but a thorn . If Care steal amang us he 's narrowly watch 'd , By a smile or a squeeze of the hand he 's dispatch 'd ; Or the arm of a friend should the stout villain meet , One blink of true love lays him dead at your feet . Then fill up a glass to the absent and dear — May their lives be serene as their breasts are sincere ; And to crown our true bliss , let us give , ere we part — May we have in our arms whom we love in our heart . London Weekly Review . THE SKETCH-BOOK . No . XLVII . MATCHES IN TEENS . “ To marry !— Why , every man plays the fool once in his life — but to marry is playing the fool all one 's life long . ” — CONGREVE . There is something so satisfactory in knowing at once the limit of your fortunes — in making yourself secure in the first instance of that happiness to which all your exertions are directed ,— which is in fact the end and aim of your worldly existence , and of all your worldly toils — the enjoyment of domestic peace and love ;— in quenching that restless , burning anxiety , which is ever busy within the bosom of the young and the aspiring . Marrying early , in fact , is taking time by the forelock , and leading your future destinies after you , instead of suffering yourself to be led and tossed about by them ,— it is tearing away the black veil from the brow of futurity , and perusing all her lineaments in her own despite . It is [ he continued with an oratorical attitude ] building your fate upon a rock — ” “ Ah ! ” I exclaimed , “ stop there — that rock is so commonplace . ” Harry laughed and went on with his argument .— “ Besides , there is the gratification of making yourself considered in society — which no single man is . A single man is a kind of protected or licensed vagabond — rambling to and fro without stamp or mark , as Witwould might say ,— like a sheep that has been overlooked at tarring time . His home is a desert to him ,— and the love of social converse , which is so natural , and so amiable at the same time keeps him eternally in a state of fidgetty restlessness , which precludes all possibility of serious and persevering labour . Only think of the horrors of a house without a queen — Yawning servants , negligent housekeepers , extorting tradespeople ,— these and a thousand other annoyances , for which you have no relief , because you cannot stoop to meddle or make in such transactions — are the agitations which perpetually infest the domestic commonwealth of a bachelor .— But turn your eyes into the house of ‘ Benedick , the married man ’ — He wears his rue with a difference , indeed !— There is a sense of life , bustle , mirth , and happiness , in the very air of the dwelling . To be greeted with smiles at your going forth and coming in — to know that there is at least one who serves you without a self-interest — to hear the joyous , feminine laugh , delicate and temperate in the very whirlwind of its ecstacy , ring through the mansion from hour to hour — to hear the little foot pattering about you as you sit at your philosophic studies — to have a friend with whom you can converse freely and without fear of present offence or future disadvantage — and whose presence is not without its influence and its charm , even when the call of a worldly ambition summons you to — “ —— Pursue Your tasks , in social silence too , ” with just sense enough to understand all you can say to her — and nothing so wise as to mortify you at any time by setting you right . Then , instead of the natty primness of your bachelor 's apartment , you have your eyes feasted by that elegant confusion of the little sanctuary — the charm of which cannot , unseen , be apprehended , and is only known to those who are privileged to enter , by the passport of Hymen . A bit of bobbin here — a thread-paper there — here a hat feather — there a scrap of silk .— Besides , ” [ drawing his chair closer to mine and looking very tender ] “ when you love her , you know —. ” He paused and sighed , and I groaned strenuously .— “ And is this all you have to say in defence of an elopement with a girl of sixteen . ” [ “ A beautiful girl , ” he passionately interrupted ] “ well ! a beautiful girl — so young , that it is perfectly impossible for you to form any judgment on her inclinations or her temper — at a time when her character is undecided — unformed — when that which is mere caprice , frequently assumes the hue of passion , and wears all its fervour and intensity . Or if it should continue unabated — as I must confess [ observing him turn himself with an air before a pier glass ,] I see no reason why it should not — you will find the unsophistication of the young lady as quickly tending to domestic disquiet , as might have been her inconstancy — She will be unreasonable in her exactions on your confidence , and you will be compelled to take refuge in fits of sullenness — perhaps rudeness ;— and then what becomes of that blissful state , where like you , every body expects , and so very — very few find happiness ?— to secure which the most perfect union of taste and feeling — the utmost kindliness of manner , and a politeness as habitual as motion itself , are absolute requisites ?— Have you no further arguments to offer in favour of this measure of yours ?— ” “ Oh , yes , ” said he , very dryly , “ I have one more . ” “ What may that be ? ” “ That I WILL marry her . ” “ Oh !... ” said I . And without exchanging another word , I put on my great coat , and we sallied forth together to the rendezvous of the lovers . The fair fugitive was true to her appointment , and at the first sound of the expected footfall , glided from her concealment into the happy scoundrel 's arms . The action which followed I could not see ( though it was a bright moonlight ,) for a breeze lifted the large veil which hung over the lady 's shoulder , in such a manner as to envelope the countenances of both . What the action ought to have been , perhaps you , madam , or you , mademoiselle , may inform me ?— I only know that when the modest zephyr passed , and the veil fell back again , the fair cheek that it revealed glowed with “ A pudency so rosy , the sweet view o n't , Might well have warm 'd old Saturn . ” Harry gave me his hand ( heartily ) as he stood on the carriage step , and the bride wafted me a farewell with the prettiest action of her fan from the window , and murmured ,— “ Give me a good wish for the tobacconist . ” “ Yes , ” said I ; “ may you never have occasion to say of the love that now leads you to him , that “ ‘ Its beacon light is quench 'd in smoke . ’ ” [ For although naturally grave , and silently given , I often catch myself endeavouring to sport a bad pun , when I have got the ear of a fair damsel ] The only effect which the witticism produced in the present instance , however , was an enormous groan , in which the fellows on the dickey participated . Even the postilion who stood near , set up a crowing laugh — and the very horses by their snorting and neighing , seemed to be sensible of the utter and deplorable failure . And away they went — and they were hotly pursued , and overtaken , just in time to be too late — which left no other course but that of reconciliation ;— and where there is no choice to be made , every body knows there is but one part to be taken . That occurrence is now three years since , and it was only the other day that I again met the pair of turtles . Dropping in rather late at a card-party , I beheld them sitting vis-a-vis at one of the tables , playing together against an old lady and gentleman , before whom Mrs. L —— thought , perhaps , it was not necessary to appear very fashionable towards dear Harry . With the requisite ceremonious unceremoniousness so popular at present , I took a chair behind him , and annoyed him every moment by remarks upon his wife ; of course all highly nattering to both . “ My love , you have played that card wrong — very wrong . ” “ Did I , my dear ? ” replied Mrs. L. smiling languidly , and looking in his face more as if she was admiring the elegant turn of his forehead , and the spirited expression of his dark eye , than as if she minded what he was saying — “ ‘ tis indeed — very . ” “ ‘ Tis what ? ” “ Oh ! were you not speaking of something ? I beg pardon , love — I thought you spoke . ” “ And so I did , my dear . I told you that card was played most abominably . ” “ I dare say , my love ;— [ still gazing in his eyes and smiling ] — I know I 'm very stupid , ” — [ playing a card .] “ Well , you have taken a curious way to mend matters — that last play was a thousand degrees worse than the other . ” “ I dare say , my love ,— [ looking in his face , and continuing to drawl and simper in the manner which we might imagine of Shakspeare 's little shepherdess — “ ‘ Sweet youth chide on — I had rather hear thee chide Than others woo — ’ ” ] “ But tell me , love , when I play wrong , ” [ playing again without taking her eyes from his , even to look at her card .] “ I had much better leave you to yourself , ” said L . “ ‘ You will be compelled to take refuge in fits of sullenness , ’ ” muttered I , quoting from my former prophecy . “ My dear , ” — [ pronounced just in the same way as he might have said , ‘ you fool , ’ ] — pray open your eyes . ” “ Perhaps in rudeness , ” I continued . “ There again ! ” cried poor L ——, who seemed in danger of being ruined by the admiration of his wife . “ It is not possible for a card to be played worse than that . Your head , my dear , must be as confused as your boudoir . ” “ A bit of bobbin here — a hat feather there , ” I continued , growing malicious . “ Sir , ” cried L ——, starting round in a passion . Fixing his eyes for a moment on my wooden phiz , however , he burst into a fit of laughter , and then as suddenly assuming a most doleful change of countenance , he squeezed my hand and said to me apart , in a tragic tone , “ Ah , my dear friend , you were right — you were right . ” “ He that would lead a happy married life , First learn to rule , and then to have , a wife , ” say Beaumont and Fletcher — and a pleasant aphorism it is too — and a wise and useful — but with a slight alteration , a periphrasis comprehending advice not less to the purpose may be presented — “ He that would lead a happy wedded life , Beware of marrying a too youthful wife . ” USEFUL DOMESTIC HINTS . FININGS FOR WINES . If wine does not become clear soon enough , for each forty gallons dissolve an ounce of isinglass in a quart of water . Strain and mix this with part of the liquor , beat it up to a froth , and pour it into the rest ; stir the whole well , and bung it up , except there should be an appearance of fermentation ; if so , leave the bung out till it has ceased . Instead of isinglass , some use hartshorn shavings , in rather larger quantities ; red wines are fined with eggs , twelve to the pipe , beaten up to a froth , mixed with the wine , and well stirred in . Gypsum or alabaster is used to clear cloudy white wines ; as also fresh slaked lime ; and the size of a walnut of sugar of lead , with a table spoonful of sal enixum , is put to forty gallons of muddy wine , to clear it ; and hence , as the sugar of lead is decomposed , and changed into an insoluble sulphat of lead , which falls to the bottom , the practice is not so dangerous as has been represented . MANNER OF USING FININGS . Put the finings , when ready , into a pail , with a little of what you are going to fine ; whisk them together till they are perfectly mixed , and then nearly fill up the pail with the liquor , whisking it well about again , after which , if the cask be full , take out four or five gallons to make room ; take a staff and stir it well ; next whisk the finings up , and put them in , stirring well together for five minutes ; then drive in the bung , leaving the vent-peg loose for three or four days , after which drive it in tight . OF FLAVOURING AND COLOURING WINES . The quality of roughness natural to those red wines in which the skins and a portion of the stems have been subjected to the process of fermentation , is readily communicated by astringent substances , and by none more easily or purely than by catechu and kino , substances free from injurious flavour ; the sloe is also used ; similar roughness , accompanied with flavour , is given by the chips of oak and beech ; and if logwood and walnut peels are used , the astringency will also be united to a portion of colour and flavour . All these substances may be rendered highly useful in giving positive qualities to insipid wines . A simple infusion alone is necessary , in such proportion as the exigencies may require ; care being taken to rack and fine the wine after the desired effect has been obtained .— The Vintner 's Guide . THE GATHERER . “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton . BIRDS POISONING THEIR YOUNG . Mr. Holmes , in his “ Account of the United States of America , ” relates that some of the birds of North America are remarkable for poisoning their young ; but this is only done if they are encaged or confined . The robin is one of the birds thus noticed . If the young be taken , and placed in a cage where the parent birds can discover them , they will attend upon and feed them for a season ; but after the lapse of a few days , or when the young are fledged , the old ones appear very uneasy , and endeavour to discover some way by which they may escape . If , however , they perceive that there is no hope of accomplishing their purpose , they procure for them a sort of berry , which is an infallible poison ; apparently disdaining the thought that their offspring should be slaves ! A CONNOISSEUR . Vernet relates , that he was once employed to paint a landscape , with a cave , and St. Jerome in it ; he accordingly painted the landscape , with St. Jerome at the entrance of the cave . When he delivered the picture , the purchaser , who understood nothing of perspective , said , “ the landscape and the cave are well made , but St. Jerome is not in the cave . ” — “ I understand you , sir , ” replied Vernet , “ I will alter it . ” He therefore took the painting , and made the shade darker , so that the saint seemed to sit farther in . The gentleman took the painting ; but it again appeared to him that the saint was not in the cave . Vernet then wiped out the figure , and gave it to the gentleman , who seemed perfectly satisfied . Whenever he saw strangers to whom he showed the picture , he said , “ Here you see a picture by Vernet , with St. Jerome in the cave . ” “ But we cannot see the saint , ” replied the visiters . “ Excuse me , gentlemen , ” answered the possessor , “ he is there ; for I have seen him standing at the entrance , and afterwards farther back ; and am therefore quite sure that he is in it . ” BLACK MAN 'S DREAM . A number of years bygone , a black man , named Peter Cooper , happened to marry a fair lady of Greenock , who did not use him with that tenderness that he conceived himself entitled to . Having tried all other arts to retrieve her lost affections in vain , Peter at last resolved to work upon her fears of punishment in another world for her conduct in this . Pretending , therefore , to awake one morning extravagantly alarmed , his helpmate was full of anxiety to know what was the matter ; and having sufficiently , as he thought , whetted her curiosity , by mysteriously hinting that “ he could a tale unfold , ” at length Peter proceeded as follows :— “ H — ll of a dream last night . I dream I go to Hebben and rap at de doa , and a gent'man came to de doa wid black coat and powda hair . Whoa dere ? Peeta Coopa .— Whoa Peeta Coopa ? Am not know you — Not knowa Peeta Coopa ! Look de book , Sa .— He take de book , and he look de book , and he could'na find Peeta Coopa .— Den I say , Oh ! lad , oh ! look again , finda Peeta Coopa in a corna .— He take de book , an he look de book , an at last he finda Peeta Coopa in lilly , lilly ( little ) corna .— ‘ Peeta Coopa , cook ob de Royal Charlotte ob Greenock . ’ — Walk in , Sa . Den I walk in , and dere was every ting — all kind of vittal — collyflower too — an I eat , and I drink , and I dance , and I ting , an I neva be done ; segar too , by Gum .— Den I say , oh ! lad , oh ! look for Peeta Coopa wife . He take de book , an he look all oba de book , many , many , many a time , corna an all ; and he couldna finda Peeta Coopa wife . Den I say , Oh ! lad , oh ! look de black book ; he take de black book , and he look de black book , and he finda Peeta Coopa wife fust page ,— ‘ Peeta-Coopa-wife , buckra-woman , bad-to-her-husband . ’ ” MAGICAL CLOCK . Droz , a Genevian mechanic , once constructed a clock which was capable of the following surprising movements :— There were seen on it a negro , a dog , and a shepherd ; when the clock struck , the shepherd played six tunes on his flute , and the dog approached and fawned upon him . This clock was exhibited to the King of Spain , who was delighted with it . “ The gentleness of my dog , ” said Droz , “ is his least merit ; if your Majesty touch one of the apples , which you see in the shepherd 's basket , you will admire the fidelity of this animal . ” The King took an apple , and the dog flew at his hand , and barked so loud , that the King 's dog , which was in the room , began also to bark ; at this the Courtiers , not doubting that it was an affair of witchcraft , hastily left the room , crossing themselves as they went out . The minister of Marine was the only one that ventured to stay . The king having desired him to ask the negro what o'clock it was , the minister obeyed , but he obtained no reply . Droz then observed , that the negro had not yet learned Spanish . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) and sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers .