THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 17 , No . 487 .] SATURDAY , APRIL 30 , 1831 . [ PRICE 2d . BIRTHPLACE OF LOCKE . At the village of Wrington , in Somersetshire , in a cottage by the churchyard , was born JOHN LOCKE . What a simple , unostentatious record is this of him whom the biographers call “ one of the most eminent philosophers and valuable writers of his age and country . ” Yet the cottage is not preserved with any special care ;— there is nothing about it to denote that within its walls the man of whom every Englishman is proud — first drew breath . The house is now divided into tenements ; and , fortuitously , one of its rooms is used as a school for young children . It is grateful to know this , even were it only for associating the appropriation of this apartment with the master-mind of Locke , as developed in his “ Thoughts on Education , ” and his perspicuous “ Essay on the Human Understanding . ” Locke was born August 29 , 1632 : his father , Mr. J. Locke , who was descended from the Lockes of Charton Court , in Dorsetshire , possessed a moderate landed property at Pensfold and Belluton , where he lived . He was a captain in the Parliamentary army during the civil wars , and his fortune suffered so considerably in those times , that he left a smaller estate to his son than he himself had inherited . It is not our intention to follow the biographers of Locke further than by quoting from the last published Life of the Philosopher [ 1 ] a brief example of his filial affection :— [ 1 ] The Life of John Locke , with Extracts from his Correspondence , Journals , and Commonplace Books . By Lord King . New Edition . 2 vols . 8vo . 1830 . John Locke , says the biographer , was the eldest of two sons , and was educated with great care by his father , of whom he always spoke with the greatest respect and affection . In the early part of his life , his father exacted the utmost respect from his son , but gradually treated him with less and less reserve , and , when grown up , lived with him on terms of the most entire friendship ; so much so , that Locke mentioned the fact of his father having expressed his regret for giving way to his anger , and striking him once in his childhood , when he did not deserve it . In a letter to a friend , written in the latter part of his life , Locke thus expresses himself on the conduct of a father towards his son :— “ That which I have often blamed as an indiscreet and dangerous practice in many fathers , viz . to be very indulgent to their children whilst they are little , and as they come to ripe years to lay great restraint upon them , and live with greater reserve towards them , which usually produces an ill understanding between father and son , which cannot but be of bad consequences ; and I think fathers would generally do better , as their sons grow up , to take them into a nearer familiarity , and live with them with as much freedom and friendship as their age and temper will allow . ” The following letter from Locke to his father , which is without a date , but must have been written before 1660 , shows the feeling of tenderness and affection which subsisted between them . It was probably found by Locke amongst his father 's papers , and thus came again into his possession :— “ December 20 . “ Most dear and ever-loving Father , “ I did not doubt but that the noise of a very dangerous sickness here would reach you , but I am alarmed with a more dangerous disease from Pensford , and were I as secure of your health as ( I thank God ) I am of my own , I should not think myself in danger ; but I cannot be safe so long as I hear of your weakness , and that increase of your malady upon you , which I beg that you would , by the timely application of remedies , endeavour to remove . Dr. Meary has more than once put a stop to its encroachment ;— the same skill , the same means , the same God to bless you , is left still . Do not , I beseech you , by that care you ought to have of yourself , by that tenderness I am sure you have of us , neglect your own and our safety too ; do not , by a too pressing care for your children , endanger the only comfort they have left . I cannot distrust that Providence which hath conducted us thus far , and if either your disappointments or necessities shall reduce us to narrower conditions than you could wish , content shall enlarge it ; therefore , let not these thoughts distress you . There is nothing that I have which can be so well employed as to his use , from whom I first received it ; and if your convenience can leave me nothing else , I shall have a head , and hands , and industry still left me , which alone have been able to raise sufficient fortunes . Pray , sir , therefore , make your life as comfortable and lasting as you can ; let not any consideration of us cast you into the least despondency . If I have any reflections on , or desires of free and competent subsistence , it is more in reference to another ( whom you may guess ) to whom I am very much obliged , than for myself : but no thoughts , how important soever , shall make me forget my duty ; and a father is more than all other relations ; and the greatest satisfaction I can propose to myself in the world , is my hopes that you may yet live to receive the return of some comfort , for all that care and indulgence you have placed in , “ Sir , your most obedient son , “ J. L . ” Locke , it appears , originally applied himself to the study of physic ; and he became essentially serviceable in his medical capacity to Lord Ashley , afterwards the celebrated Earl of Shaftesbury , to whom he was introduced in 1666 , and who was led to form so high an opinion of Locke 's general powers , that he prevailed upon Locke to take up his residence at his house , and urged him to apply his studies to politics and philosophy . This proved the stepping-stone to his subsequent greatness ; and it is gratifying to learn that his career , literary and political , was closed as honourably as it had been commenced . His last publications were in a controversy with the celebrated Bishop Stillingfleet , who had censured some passages in Locke 's immortal “ Essay . ” The prelate yielded to the more powerful reasoning of the philosopher , yet Locke 's writing was uniformly distinguished by mildness and urbanity . At this time he held the post of commissioner of trade and plantations . An asthmatic complaint , with which he had long been afflicted , now began to increase , and , with the rectitude which distinguished the whole of his conduct , he resigned : the sovereign , ( William ) was very unwilling to receive Locke 's resignation ; but the philosopher , who made his precepts his own rule of life , pressed the point , observing that he could not in conscience hold a situation to which a considerable salary was attached without performing the duties of it . Would that such political philosophy were more common in our days ! From this time , Locke lived wholly in retirement , where he applied himself to the study of the Scriptures , till , in 1704 , after nearly two years ’ declining health , he fell asleep . He was buried at Oates , where there is a neat monument erected to his memory , with a modest Latin inscription indited by himself . THE KNIGHT OF TOGGENBURG . FROM THE GERMAN OF SCHILLER . ( For the Mirror .) “ Knight , a sister 's truest love , This mine heart devotes to thee — Ask no other love to prove ; Marriage ! no , that ne'er can be . Still unmov 'd to all appearing , Calmly can I see thee fly — Still break the chain no sorrow fearing , Save a tear from lover 's eye . ” This he heard without replying , Silent woes his bosom wrung ; In his arms he clasp 'd her sighing — On his courser 's back he sprung . Thro ’ the Switzer 's rugged land Vassals , at their lord 's behest , Sought Judea 's sainted strand — Each the red-cross on his breast . Mighty deeds all dangers braving Wrought the Christian hero 's arm ; Oft his helmet plumes were waving High above the Paynim swarm . [ 2 ] But tho ’ Moslem hosts were quaking At the Toggenburger 's name , Still his breast , with anguish breaking , Felt its sorrow yet the same : Felt it till a year departed — Felt it of all hope bereft ; Restless , joyless , broken-hearted , Then the warring bands he left ;— Bade on Joppa 's sandy shore Seamen hoist the swelling sail ; Swift the bark to Europe bore O'er the tide the fav'ring gale . When the pilgrim , sorrow laden , Sought the gates he lov 'd so well ; From the portals of his maiden Words of thunder [ 3 ] rang his knell : “ She ye seek has ta'en the veil , To God alone her thoughts are given ; Yestere'en the cloisters pale Saw the bride betroth 'd to heaven . ” From the castle of his sires , Mad with grief , the hero flew ; War no more his bosom fires , Arms he spurns , and courser true . Far from Toggenburg alone Wends he on his secret way , To friend and foe alike unknown , Clad in peasant 's mean array . On a mountain 's lonesome glade , ‘ Neath a hut he sought repose — Near where ‘ mid the lime-tree 's shade , The convent pinnacles arose ; There , from morning 's dawn first bright'ning Till the ev'ning stars began , Secret hopes his anguish light'ning , Sate the solitary man . On the cloister fixed his eye , Thro ’ the hours ’ weary round , To his maiden 's lattice nigh , Till he heard that lattice sound — Till that dearest form was seen — Till she on her lover smil 'd — And the turret-grates between Look 'd devout and angel-mild . [ 4 ] There he sate thro ’ many a day , Thro ’ many a year 's revolving round — Alike to hope and grief a prey , Till he heard the lattice sound . Years were fleeting ; when one morning Saw a corse the cloister nigh — To the long-watch 'd turret turning Still its cold and glassy eye . H . [ 2 ] Literally translated . [ 3 ] Donnerworte . [ 4 ] Engelmild . CORFE CASTLE — EDWARD II . ( To the Editor .) I should be glad to be informed by your correspondent , James Silvester , Sen ., on what authority he grounds his assertion ( contained in No . 484 .) that it was in the fortress of Corfe Castle that the unfortunate Edward II . was so inhumanly murdered . I have always , considered it an undisputed fact that the scene of this atrocity was at Berkeley Castle , in Gloucestershire . Hume states , that while in the custody of Lord Berkeley , the murderers , Mautravers and Gournay , “ taking advantage of Berkeley 's sickness , in whose custody he then was , came to Berkeley Castle , threw him on a bed , ” & c. & c. giving the particulars of the cruel deed . An abridged history , the only other authority I have at hand to refer to , says , “ After these transactions , he was treated with the greatest indignities , and at last inhumanly murdered in Berkeley Castle , and his body buried in a private manner in the Abbey Church , at Gloucester . ” The lines of Gray , in his celebrated poem of “ The Bard , ” are familiar to most school-boys , where he alludes to the cries of the suffering monarch “ Through Berkeley 's roofs that ring Shrieks of an agonized king ! ” Yet as your correspondent , J. S . seems of the intelligent kind , he may be in possession of some authority to which he can refer , and thereby prove it is not merely an assertion inadvertently given , to increase the interest of his Visit to Corfe Castle . Knowing your wish that the pages of your entertaining Mirror should reflect the truth , the insertion of this will oblige your Constant Reader , W . LINES WRITTEN IN A CHURCHYARD . ( For the Mirror .) Why am I here ?— Thou hast not need of me , Home of the rotting and the rotten dead — For thou art cumber 'd to satiety , And wilt be cumber 'd — ay , when I am fled ! Why stand I here , the living among tombs ? Answer , all ye who own a grassy bed , Answer your dooms . Thou , massy stone ! over whose heart art thou ? The lord who govern 'd yonder giant place , And ruled a thousand vassals at his bow . Alack ! how narrow and how small a space Of what was human vanity and show Serves for the maggot , when ‘ tis his to chase The greatest and the latest of his race . One of Earth 's dear ones , of a noble birth , Slumbers e'en here ; of such supernal charms , That but to smile was to awaken mirth , And for that smile set loving fools in arms . The grave ill balances such living worth , For here the worm his richest pasture farms , Unconscious of his harms . Yon grassy sod , that scarcely seems a grave , Deck 'd with the daisy , and each lowly flower , Time leaves no stone , recording of the knave , Whether of humble , or of lordly power : Fame says he was a bard — Fame did not save His name beyond the living of his hour — A luckless dower . ‘ Tis strange to see how equally we die , Though equal honour be unknown to light , The lord , the lady of distinction high , And he , the bard , who sang their noble might , Sink into death alike and peacefully ; Though some may want the marble 's honour 'd site , Yet earth holds all that earthliness did slight . P. T . ANCIENT BOROUGH OF WENDOVER . ( For the Mirror .) This borough sent members to parliament in the 28th of Edward I. and again in the 1st and 2nd of Edward II . ; after which the privilege was discontinued for above three hundred years . “ The intermission , ( says Britton ,) was attended by the very remarkable circumstance of all recollection of the right of the borough having been lost , till about the period of the 21st of James I. when Mr. Hakeville , of Lincoln 's Inn , discovered by a search among the ancient parliament writs in the Tower , that the boroughs of Amersham , Wendover , and Great Marlow , had all sent members in former times , and petitions were then preferred in the names of those places , that their ancient liberty or franchise might be restored . When the King [ 5 ] was informed of these petitions , he directed his solicitor , Sir Robert Heath , to oppose them with all might , declaring , that he was troubled with too great a number of burgesses already , ” The sovereign 's opposition proved ineffectual , and the Commons decided in favour of the restoration of the privilege . Some particulars of this singular case may be found in Willis 's Notitia Parliamentaria . [ 5 ] James the First . The celebrated John Hampden represented this borough in five parliaments . P. T. W . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . HIPPODROME GAMES . ( For the Mirror .) The Olympian Hippodrome , or horse-course , was a space of ground of six hundred paces long , surrounded with a wall , near the city of Elis , and on the banks of the river Alpheus . It was uneven , and in some degree irregular , on account of the situation ;— in one part was a hill of moderate height ; and the circuit was adorned with temples , altars , and other embellishments . There was a very famous hippodrome at Constantinople , which was begun by Alexander Severus , and finished by Constantine . This circus , called by the Turks atmeican , is four hundred paces long , and above one hundred paces wide . At the entrance of the hippodrome there is a pyramidical obelisk of granite , in one piece , about fifty feet high , terminating in a point , and charged with hieroglyphics . The Greek and Latin inscriptions on its base show that it was erected by Theodosius . The machines that were employed to raise it are represented upon it in basso-relievo . We have some vestiges in England of the hippodromus , in which the ancient inhabitants of this country performed their races . The most remarkable is that near Stonehenge , which is a long tract of ground , about three hundred and fifty feet , or two hundred Druid cubits wide , and more than a mile and three quarters , or six thousand Druid cubits in length , enclosed quite round with a bank of earth , extending directly east and west . The goal and career are at the east end . The goal is a high bank of earth , raised with a slope inwards , on which the judges are supposed to have sat . The met æ are two tumuli , or small barrows , at the west end of the course . These hippodromes were called , in the language of the country , rhedagua ; the racer , rhedagwr ; and the carriage , rheda — from the British word rhedeg , to run . One of these hippodromes , about half a mile to the southward of Leicester , retains evident traces of the old name , rhedagua in the corrupted one of Rawdikes . “ There is another of these , ” says Dr. Stukely , “ near Dorchester ; and another on the banks of the river Lowther , near Penrith , in Cumberland ; and another in the valley just without the town of Royston . ” WALTER E. C . Pratt-street , Lambeth . THE SKETCH-BOOK . THE BEGGAR WOMAN OF LOCARNO . At the foot of the Alps , near Locarno , was an old castle , belonging to a marquess , the ruins of which are still visible to the traveller , as he comes from St. Gothard — a castle with lofty and roomy apartments , high towers , and narrow windows . In one of these rooms , an old sick woman was deposited upon some straw , which had been shaken down for her by the housekeeper of the marquess , who had found her begging before the gate . The marquess , who was accustomed to go into this room on his return from hunting , to lay aside his gun , ordered the poor wretch to get up immediately out of her corner , and begone . The creature arose , but slipping with her crutch upon the smooth floor , she fell , and injured her back so much , that it was with great difficulty she got up , and , moving across the room as she had been desired , groaning and crying sadly , sank down behind the chimney . Several years afterwards , when the circumstances of the marquess had been much reduced by war and the failure of his crops , a Florentine gentleman visited the castle , with the intention of purchasing it , in consequence of the beauty of the situation . The marquess , who was very anxious to have the bargain concluded , gave his wife directions to lodge the stranger in the same upper room in which the old woman had died , it having , in the meantime , been very handsomely fitted up ; but , to their consternation , in the middle of the night , the stranger entered their room , pale and agitated , protesting loudly that the chamber was haunted by some invisible being ; for that he had heard something rise up in the corner , as if it had been lying among straw , move over the chamber with slow and tottering steps , and sink down , groaning and crying , near the chimney . The marquess , terrified , though he scarcely knew why , endeavoured to put a fair face upon the matter , and to laugh off the fears of his visiter , telling him he would rise himself , and spend the rest of the night with him in his room ; but the stranger begged that he would rather allow him to occupy a couch in the adjoining room ; and as soon as morning broke , he saddled his horse , took his leave , and departed . This occurrence , which occasioned much notice , made so unpleasant an impression upon intending purchasers , that not another inquiry was made ; and at last , even the servants in the house becoming possessed with the notion that there was something dreadful in the room , the marquess , with the view of setting the report to rest , determined to investigate the matter himself next night . Accordingly , in the twilight , he caused his bed to be brought to the apartment , and waited , without sleeping , the approach of midnight . But what was his consternation , when , on the stroke of midnight , he actually heard some inconceivable noise in the apartment , as if some person had risen up from among straw , which rustled beneath them , walked slowly over the floor , and sank , sighing and groaning , behind the chimney . When he came down the next morning , the marchesa asked him how the investigation had gone on ; and he , after gazing about him with wondering glances , and bolting the door , told her the story of the chamber 's being haunted was true . She was terrified out of her senses ; but begged him , before making any public disclosure , once more to make the experiment coolly in her company . Accompanied by a trusty servant , they accordingly repeated their visit next night , and again heard , as the marquess had done before , the same ghostly and inconceivable noise ; and nothing but the anxious wish to get rid of the castle , cost what it would , enabled them to suppress their terrors in presence of the servant , and to ascribe the sound to some accidental cause . On the evening of the third day , when both , determined to probe the matter to the bottom , were ascending with beating hearts the stair leading to the stranger 's apartment , it chanced that the house dog , who had been let loose from the chain , was lying directly before the door of the room ; and , willing perhaps to have the company of any other living thing in the mysterious apartment , they took the dog into the room along with them . The husband and wife seated themselves on the couch — the marquess with his sword and pistols beside him ; and while they endeavoured , the best way they could , to amuse themselves with conversation , the dog , cowering down on the floor at their feet , fell asleep . Again , with the stroke of midnight , the noise was renewed ;— something , though what they could not discover , raised itself us if with crutches in the corner ; the straw rustled as before . At the sound of the first foot-fall , the dog awoke , roused itself , pricked up its ears , and growling and barking as if some person were advancing towards him , retreated in the direction of the chimney . At this sight , the marchioness rushed out of the room , her hair standing on end ; and while the marquess seized his sword , exclaimed “ Who is there ? ” and receiving no answer , thrust like a madman in all directions , she hastily packed up a few articles of dress , and made the best of her way towards the town . Scarcely , however , had she proceeded a few steps , when she discovered that the castle was on fire . The marquess had , in his distraction , overturned the tapers , and the room was instantly in flames . Every effort was made to save the unhappy nobleman , but in vain : he perished in the utmost tortures , and his bones , as the traveller may be aware , still lie where they were collected by the neighbouring peasants — in the corner of the apartment from which he had expelled the beggar woman of Locarno .— Edinburgh Literary Journal and Gazette . SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . HYDROSTATICS AND PNEUMATICS . ( Cabinet Cyclop æ dia , vol . xvii .) This volume is in every respect worthy of standing beside the luminous Discourse on the Study of Natural Philosophy , by Mr. Herschel . It is just in the method that we wish to see all branches of science treated , and it is the only means of rendering such knowledge familiar ; and this has only to be known to become popular . We understood this to be the aim of the Cabinet Cyclop æ dia at its outset , and the scientific volumes already published are an earnest of the Editor 's zeal and success . The best method of illustrating this recommendation , is to seize from the volume a few familiar effects whose causes are imperfectly understood , and thus to show how closely the spread of science is identified with civilization and the common comforts of social life :— Deceptive appearance of Waves If we observe the waves continually approaching the shore , we must be convinced that this apparent motion is not one in which the water has any share : for were it so , the waters of the sea would soon be heaped upon the shores , and would inundate the adjacent country ; but so far from the waters partaking of the apparent motion of the waves in approaching the shore , this motion of the waves continues , even when the waters are retiring . If we observe a flat strand when the tide is ebbing , we shall still find the waves moving towards the shore . Ornamental Fountain Clocks . It is the same cause ( that which produces the deceptive appearance of a progressive motion in the waves of the sea ) which makes a revolving cork-screw , held in a fixed position , seem to be advancing in that direction in which it would actually advance if the worm were passing through a cork . That point which is nearest to the eye , and which corresponds to the crest of the wave in the former example , continually occupies a different point of the worm , and continually advances towards its extremity .— This property has lately been prettily applied in ornamental clocks . A piece of glass , twisted so that its surface acquires a ridge in the form of a screw , is inserted in the mouth of some figure designed to represent a fountain . One end of the glass is attached to the axle of a wheel , which the clock-work keeps in a state of constant rotation , and the other end is concealed in a vessel , designed to represent a reservoir or basin . The continual rotation of the twisted glass produces the appearance of a progressive motion , as already explained , and a stream of water continually appears to flow from the fountain into the basin . Facility of Swimming . The lighter the body is in relation to its magnitude , the more easily will it float , and a greater proportion of the head will remain above the surface . As the weight of the human body does not always bear the same proportion to its bulk , the skill of the swimmer is not always to be estimated by his success ; some of the constituent parts of the human body are heavier , while others are lighter , bulk for bulk , than water . Those persons in whom the quantity of the latter bear a greater proportion to the former , will swim with a proportionate facility . Common Mistake in Cooling Wine . When ice is used to cool wine , it will be ineffectual if it be applied , as is frequently the case , only to the bottom of the bottle ; in that case , the only part of the wine which will be cooled is that part nearest the bottom . As the application of ice to the top of the bottle establishes two currents , upwards and downwards , the liquid will undergo an effect in some degree similar to that which would be produced by shaking the bottle . If there be any deposit in the bottom whose weight , bulk for bulk , nearly equals that of the wine , such deposit will be mixed through the liquid as effectually as if it had been shaken . In such cases , therefore , the wine should be transferred into a clean bottle before it is cooled . Why Cream collects on the surface of Milk . There are numerous familiar effects which are manifestations of the principle now explained . When a vessel of milk is allowed to remain a certain time at rest , it is observed that a stratum of fluid will collect at the surface , differing in many qualities from that upon which it rests . This is called cream ; and the property by which it ascends to the surface is its relative levity ; it is composed of the lightest particles of the milk , which are in the first instance mixed generally in the fluid ; but which , when the liquid is allowed to rest , gradually arise through it , and settle at the surface . Directions engraved upon the Common Weather Glasses absurd . The barometer has been called a weather glass . Rules are attempted to be established , by which , from the height of the mercury , the coming state of the weather may be predicted , and we accordingly find the words “ Rain , ” “ Fair , ” “ Changeable , ” “ Frost , ” & c ., engraved on the scale attached to common domestic barometers , as if , when the mercury stands at the height marked by these words , the weather is always subject to the vicissitudes expressed by them . These marks are , however , entitled to no attention ; and it is only surprising to find their use continued in the present times , when knowledge is so widely diffused . They are , in fact , to be ranked scarcely above the vox stellarum , or astrological almanac . Two barometers , one near the level of the River Thames , and the other on the heights of Hampstead , will differ by half an inch ; the latter being always half an inch lower than the former . If the words , therefore , engraved upon the plates are to be relied on , similar changes of weather could never happen at these two situations . But what is even more absurd , such a scale would inform us that the weather at the foot of a high building , such as St. Paul 's , must always be different from the weather at the top of it . It is observed that the changes of weather are indicated , not by the actual height of the mercury , but by its change of height . One of the most general , though not absolutely invariable , rules is , that when the mercury is very low , and therefore the atmosphere very light , high winds and storms may be expected . The following rules may generally be relied upon , at least to a certain extent : 1 . Generally the rising of the mercury indicates the approach of fair weather ; the falling of it shows the approach of foul weather . 2 . In sultry weather the fall of the mercury indicates coming thunder . In winter , the rise of the mercury indicates frost . In frost , its fall indicates thaw ; and its rise indicates snow . 3 . Whatever change of weather suddenly follows a change in the barometer , may be expected to last but a short time . Thus , if fair weather follow immediately the rise of the mercury , there will be very little of it ; and , in the same way if foul weather follow the fall of the mercury , it will last but a short time . 4 . If fair weather continue for several days , during which the mercury continually falls , a long continuance of foul weather will probably ensue ; and again , if foul weather continue for several days , while the mercury continually rises , it long succession of fair weather will probably succeed . 5 . A fluctuating and unsettled state in the mercurial column indicates changeable weather . The domestic barometer would become a much more useful instrument , if , instead of the words usually engraved on the plate , a short list of the best established rules , such as the above , accompanied it , which might be either engraved on the plate , or printed on a card . It would be right , however , to express the rules only with that degree of probability which observation of past phenomena has justified . There is no rule respecting these effects which will hold good with perfect certainty in every case . This volume , we should add , is by Dr. Lardner , the editor of the Cyclop æ dia , and is a good model for his collaborateurs . REFLECTION . It is better to reflect ourselves , than to suffer others to reflect for us . A philosopher has a system ; he views things according to his theory ; he is unavoidably partial ; and , like Lucian 's painter , he paints his one-eyed princes in profile . STATUE OF PETER THE GREAT . This superb work of modern art stands in one of the finest squares of St. Petersburgh , and of Europe , according to Sir Robert Ker Porter . It was erected by command of the Empress Catherine , and , like all her projects , bears the stamp of greatness . The name of the artist is Falconet : “ he was a Frenchman ; but , ” adds Sir R. K. P . “ this statue , for genius and exquisite execution , would have done honour to the best sculptors of any nation . A most sublime conception is displayed in the design . The allegory is finely imagined ; and had he not sacrificed the result of the whole to the prominence of his group , the grand and united effect of the statue and its pedestal striking at once upon the eye , would have been unequalled in the works of man . A mass of granite , of a size at present most immense , but formerly most astonishing , is the pedestal . A steep acclivity , like that of a rugged mountain , carries the eye to its summit , which looks down on the opposite side to a descent nearly perpendicular . The figure of the hero is on horseback , supposed to have attained the object of his ambition , by surmounting all the apparent impossibilities which so arduous an enterprise presented . The victorious animal is proudly rearing on the highest point of the rock , whilst his imperial master stretches forth his mighty arm , as the father and protector of his country . A serpent , in attempting to impede his course , is trampled on by the feet of the horse , and writhing in all the agonies of expiring nature . The Emperor is seated on the skin of a bear ; and habited in a tunic , or sort of toga which forms the drapery behind . His left hand guides the reins ; his right is advanced straight forward on the same side of the horse 's neck . The head of the statue is crowned with a laurel wreath . ” It was formed from a bust of Peter , modelled by a young French damsel . The contour of the face expresses the most powerful command , and exalted , boundless , expansion of thought . “ The horse , says Sir Robert , is not to be surpassed . To all the beauties of the ancient form , it unites the easy grace of nature with a fire which pervades every line ; and gives such a life to the statue , that as you gaze you expect to see it leap from the pinnacle into the air . The difficulty of keeping so great a mass of weighty metal in so volant an attitude , has been admirably overcome by the artist . The sweep of the tail , with the hinder parts of the horse , are interwoven with the curvatures of the expiring snake ; and together compose a sufficient counterpoise to the figure and forepart of the animal . "[ 6 ] [ 6 ] Travelling Sketches in Russia and Sweden . By Sir Robert Ker Porter , 4to . Our representation of this masterpiece of art is copied from a Russian medallion presented to our ingenious artist , Mr. W. H . Brooke , by M. Francia . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . FAMILY POETRY . — Modo sumpt â veste virili !— HOR . Zooks ! I must woo the Muse to-day , Though line before I 'd never wrote ! “ On what occasion ? ” do you say ? OUR DICK HAS GOT A LONG-TAIL 'D COAT ! Not a coatee , which soldiers wear Button 'd up high about the throat , But easy , flowing , debonair — In short a civil long-tail 'd Coat . A smarter you 'll not find in town Cut by Nugee , that Snip of note ; A very quiet olive-brown ‘ s the colour of Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat . Gay jackets clothe the stately Pole , The proud Hungarian , and the Croat , Yet Esterhazy , on the whole , Looks best when in a long-tail 'd Coat . Lord Byron most admired , we know , The Albanian dress , or Suliote ; But then he died some years ago , And never saw Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat . Or , past all doubt , the Poet 's theme Had never been the “ White Capote , ” Had he once view 'd , in Fancy 's dream , The glories of Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat . We also know on Highland kilt Poor dear Glengary used to dote , And had esteem 'd it actual guilt I ’ “ the Gael ” to wear a long-tail 'd Coat , No wonder ‘ twould his eyes annoy , Monkbarns himself would never quote “ Sir Robert Sibbald , ” “ Gordon , ” “ Roy , ” Or “ Stukely ” for a long-tail 'd Coat . Jackets may do to ride a race , Or row in , when one 's in a boat ; But , in the Boudoir , sure , for grace There 's nothing like Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat . Of course , in climbing up a tree , On terra firma , or afloat . To mount the giddy top-mast , he Would doff awhile his long-tail 'd Coat . What makes you simper , then , and sneer ? From out your own eye pull the mote ; A pretty thing for you to jeer ! Have n't you , too , got a long-tail 'd Coat ? Oh ! “ Dick 's scarce old enough , ” you mean ? Why , though too young to give a vote , Or make a will , yet , sure , Fifteen ‘ s a ripe age for a long-tail 'd Coat . What ! would you have him sport a chin Like Colonel Stanhope , or that goat O'Gorman Mahon , ere begin To figure in a long-tail 'd Coat ? Suppose he goes to France — can he Sit down at any table d'h ô te , With any sort of decency , Unless he 's got a long-tail 'd Coat ? Why Louis Philippe , Royal Cit , There soon may be a sans culotte ; And Nugents self must then admit The advantage of a long-tail 'd Coat . Things are not now as when , of yore , In Tower encircled by a moat , The lion-hearted chieftain wore A corselet for a long-tail 'd Coat . Then ample mail his form embraced , Not , like a weazel , or a stoat , “ Cribb 'd and confined ” about the waist , And pinch 'd in , like Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat ;— With beamy spear , orbiting axe , To right and left he thrust and smote — Ah ! what a change ! no sinewy thwacks Fall from a modern long tail 'd Coat . For stalwart knights , a puny race In stays , with locks en papillote , While cuirass , cuisses , greaves give place To silk-net Tights , and long-tail 'd Coat . Worse changes still ! now , well-a-day ! A few cant phrases learnt by rote Each beardless booby spouts away , A Solon , in a long-tail 'd Coat . Prates of “ The march of intellect ” — — “ The schoolmaster ” a Patriote So noble , who could ere suspect Had just put on a long-tail 'd Coat ? Alack ! Alack ! that every thick - skull 'd lad must find an antidote For England 's woes , because , like Dick . He has put on a long-tail 'd Coat . But lo ! my rhymes begin to fail , Nor can I longer time devote ; Thus rhyme and time cut short the tale , The long tale of Dick 's long-tail 'd Coat . Blackwood 's Magazine . SIR JOHN HAWKINS 'S HISTORY OF MUSIC . The fate of this work was decided like that of many more important things , by a trifle , a word , a pun . A ballad , chanted by a fille-de-chambre , undermined the colossal power of Alberoni ; a single line of Frederic the Second , reflecting not on the politics but the poetry of a French minister , plunged France into the seven years ’ war ; and a pun condemned Sir John Hawkins 's sixteen years ’ labour to long obscurity and oblivion . Some wag wrote the following catch , which Dr. Callcott set to music :— “ Have you read Sir John Hawkins 's History ? Some folks think it quite a mystery ; Both I have , and I aver That Burney 's History I prefer . ” Burn his History was straightway in every one 's mouth ; and the bookseller , if he did not follow the advice à pied de la lettre , actually wasted , as the term is , or sold for waste paper , some hundred copies , and buried the rest of the impression in the profoundest depth of a damp cellar , as an article never likely to be called for , so that now hardly a copy can be procured undamaged by damp and mildew . It has been for some time , however , rising ,— is rising ,— and the more it is read and known , the more it ought to rise in public estimation and demand .— Harmonicon . ITALIAN , AT THE KING 'S THEATRE . A Liberal and sensible correspondent of the Harmonicon writes thus : Mrs. Wood is not the first of our countrywomen who has attained the same rank ; the names of Billington , Cecilia Davies ( called Inglesina ,) and in remoter times , that of Anastasia Robinson , ( afterwards Countess of Peterborough ,) will immediately occur to the musical reader ; but , with the exception of the latter , who lived at a time when the Italian opera in England was in its infancy , Mrs. Wood is , if I mistake not , the first Englishwoman who has achieved that distinction without a certificate of character from Italy . Even Billington was not thought worthy of our opera stage until she had delighted the audiences of San Carlo , the Scala , and the Fenice . Mrs. Wood , on the other hand , is our own , and wholly our own ; she has not basked in the suns of Naples , nor breathed the musical atmosphere of Venice or Milan ; yet I , who am an old stager , like Iago , “ nothing if not critical , ” and have heard every prima donna from Billington down to this present writing , have seldom uttered any brava with more unction than when listening to Mrs. Wood 's Angelina and Ottavia . My intent is to hail Mrs. Wood 's appearance and success at the opera as an auspicium melioris æ vi , as the dawn of a coming day , when the staple commodity of our Italian opera shall be furnished by our own island , instead of being imported from a country which , I boldly assert , does not produce either superior voices , or better educated musicians than our own — nay , so well educated . Has Italy ever furnished us with such a tenor singer as Braham ; the Braham that I am , per mia disgrazia , qualified , by age , to remember ; the Braham of 1801 ? Has Italy ever sent us a prima donna , considered as a singer only , like Billington ? On the contrary , do we not , in gauging our progressive musical importations , subject them to immediate comparison with Billington and Braham ? And who , except Catalani and Fodor , Siboni and Donzelli , would bear that comparison ? The French , the Germans , cultivate assiduously native talent , and we import , now a Fodor , and now a Sontag ; we English alone persist in the sapient policy of making the exclusion of the native artist from the highest point to which his ambition could be directed , the rule ; and his admission , the exception which the grammarians say ( though my grammar-master never could drive it into my head why ) proves the rule . But I shall be told that few of our native artists can speak the Italian language , or sing Italian music , and more especially recitative . My answer is , let them once know that the mere circumstance of their being English born does not shut the stage-door of the King 's Theatre against them , all will look up to its boards as the goal of their ambition , and the study of Italian and recitative will form an important part of every singer 's education . Another common objection is , that we cannot acquire the purity of pronunciation required by the refined audience of the King 's Theatre . I trust it is no heresy to say that I am somewhat sceptical as to the powers of euphoniacal criticism which that audience possesses . If one in ten , even of the box company , can really distinguish the true bocca romana from the patois of the Venetian gondolieri or the Neapolitan lazzaroni , it is , I am persuaded , as much as the truth will justify . In fact it is not the audience that is so critical : it is the associated band of foreign parasites who attach themselves to our aristocracy with the tenacity of leeches , as purveyors des menus plaisirs , and whose interests are vitally concerned in excluding English talent , and negotiating the concerns of foreign artists , that raise the cry of “ pronunciation . ” It is these gentry who , in phrase that a Tuscan would spurn at , and in a brogue from which a Roman , ear would be averted with disgust , assure our fashionable opera goers that we poor Englishers cannot learn to pronounce Italian . But , after all , do we , by employing only foreigners — for we are not particular , so they be foreigners , as to whether they were born and bred beyond , or on this side the Alps ,— do we , by employing only foreigners , secure this essential purity of Italian pronunciation ? Will these super-delicate critics favour a plain man , by informing me which of the great singers I have heard for the last thirty years I should select as my canon of true Italian pronunciation — Catalani and Camporese , or Garcia the Spaniard and Begrez the Fleming ? There is not more difference between the English , whether we look to phraseology or pronunciation , of a Londoner , a Gloucestershire man , or a Northumbrian , than there is between the Italian of a Tuscan , a Venetian and a Neapolitan . Have the stage lamps of Drury Lane or Covent Garden the virtue of curing the Northumbrian 's burr , or correcting the Gloucestershireman 's invincible abhorrence of h 's and w 's ? If not , can we expect that even the theatres of Rome and Florence will neutralize at once the provincial accent of a Neapolitan or Venetian ? Was it in Morelli , the stable-boy , or Banti , the street ballad-singer , that the beau ideal of pure Italian pronunciation was to be recognised ? But , to be serious . I will venture to affirm that , on this side the Alps , there is no country in Europe whose natives have so little to learn , or to unlearn , in acquiring a good Italian pronunciation , as the English . We have neither the gutturals of the German and the Spaniard , nor the mute vowels and nasal n 's of the French to get rid of ; there is scarcely a sound in the Italian language which we are not in the daily habit of uttering , and nearly our whole task would be confined to the learning that certain conventional alphabetical symbols , which represent one sound in English , represent another in Italian . Away , then , with the jargonal pretence that English singers cannot acquire a good and pure Italian pronunciation ; make it worth their while , open the stage-doors of the King 's Theatre to the native artist , and you will soon find talent more than enough . THE COSMOPOLITE . COINCIDENT POPULAR SUPERSTITIONS . ( Continued from page 284 .)