THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIV ., NO . 389 .] SATURDAY , SEPTEMBER 12 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . SION HOUSE . Sion House . Taylor , the water poet , or Samuel Ireland , the picturesque Thames tourist , could not , in all their enthusiasm of jingling rhymes and aquatint plates , have exceeded our admiration of Sion House . Its whitened towers and battlemented roof are known to all the swan-hopping and steam navigators of our day , and none who have floated To where the silver Thames first rural grows ,— can be strangers to the magnificence of the river-front . Sion House stands in the parish of Isleworth , on the Middlesex bank of the Thames , and opposite Richmond gardens . It is called Sion from a nunnery of Bridgetines of the same name , originally founded at Twickenham , by Henry V. in 1414 , and removed to this spot in 1432 . This conventual association consisted of sixty nuns , the abbess , thirteen priests , four deacons , and eight lay brethren ; the whole thus corresponding , in point of number , with the Apostles and seventy-two disciples of Christ . But the inmates were neither sinless nor spotless ; many irregularities existed in the foundation , and consequently , Sion was among the first of the larger monastic institutions suppressed by Henry VIII . The estimated yearly value was 1 , 944 l. 11 s. 8-1 / 2 d ., now worth 38 , 891 l. 14 s. 2d . After the dissolution of this convent , in 1532 , it continued in the crown during the remainder of Henry 's reign ; and the King confined here his unfortunate Queen , Catherine Howard , from November 14 , 1541 , to February 10 , 1542 , being three days before her execution . Edward VI . granted it to his uncle , the Duke of Somerset , who , in 1547 , began to build this spacious structure , and finished the shell of it nearly as it now remains . The house is a majestic edifice of white stone , built in a quadrangular form , with a flat and embattled roof , with a square turret at each of the outward angles . In the centre is an enclosed area , now laid out as a flower garden . The gardens were originally enclosed by high walls before the east and west fronts , so as to exclude all prospect ; but the Protector , to remedy this inconvenience , built a high terrace in the angle between the walls of the two gardens . After his execution , in 1552 , Sion was forfeited ; and the house , which was given to John , Duke of Northumberland , then became the residence of his son , Lord Guildford Dudley , and of his daughter-in-law , the unfortunate Lady Jane Grey , who resided at this place when the Duke of Northumberland and Suffolk , and her husband , came to prevail upon her to accept the fatal present of the crown . The duke being beheaded in 1553 , Sion House reverted to the crown . Queen Mary restored it to the Bridgetines , who possessed it till they were finally expelled by Elizabeth . In 1604 , Sion House was granted to Henry Percy , ninth Earl of Northumberland , in consideration of his eminent services . His son , Algernon , employed Inigo Jones to new face the inner court , and to finish the great hall in the manner in which it now appears . In 1682 , Charles , Duke of Somerset , by his marriage with the only child of Joceline , Earl of Northumberland , became possessed of Sion House : he lent the mansion to the Princess Anne , who resided here during the misunderstanding between her and Queen Mary . Upon the duke 's death , in 1748 , his son , Algernon , gave Sion House to Sir Hugh and Lady Elizabeth Smithson , his son-in-law and daughter , afterwards Duke and Duchess of Northumberland , who made many fine improvements here , under the direction of Robert Adam , Esq . The late duke ( who distinguished himself at the battle of Bunker 's Hill ) passed the principal part of his time at this seat ; and here , also , he died , in the year 1815 . The present duke has expended immense sums in the improvement of the mansion , grounds , and gardens . The entrance is from the great road through a fine gateway , having on each side an open colonnade , and on the top a lion passant , the crest of the noble house of Northumberland . A flight of steps leads into the great hall , sixty-six feet by thirty-one feet , and thirty-four in height , paved with white and black marble , and ornamented with colossal statues , and an extremely fine bronze cast of the Dying Gladiator , cast at Rome , by Valadier . A flight of veined marble steps leads to the vestibule , with a floor of scagliola , and twelve large Ionic columns and sixteen pilasters of verde antique . This leads to the dining room , ornamented with marble statues and paintings in chiaro oscuro , after the antique , with , at each end , a circular recess , separated by Corinthian columns , fluted , and a ceiling in stucco , gilt . The drawing room has a rich carved ceiling ; and the sides are hung with three-coloured silk damask , the finest of the kind ever executed in England . The antique mosaic tables , and the chimney-piece of this apartment are very splendid , as are also the glasses , which are 108 inches by 65 . The great gallery , serving for the library and museum , is 133 - ½ feet by 14 , is in stucco , after the finest remains of antiquity , and is remarkable as the first specimen of stucco work finished in England . A series of medallion-paintings here represents the portraits of all the earls of Northumberland , in succession , and other principal persons of the houses of Percy and Seymour . At each end is a little pavilion , finished in exquisite taste ; as is also a beautiful closet in one of the square turrets rising above the roof , which commands an enchanting prospect . From the east end of the gallery is a suite of private apartments leading back to the great hall , and hung with valuable paintings , among which are the following portraits : Henry Percy , ninth Earl of Northumberland , who was implicated in the Gunpowder Plot , and imprisoned in the Tower ; he died November 5 , 1632 , the anniversary of the day so fatal to his happiness . Lucy , Countess of Carlisle , his daughter , one of the most admired beauties of her time ; she also died November 5 , 1660 . Algernon Percy , tenth Earl of Northumberland . Charles I. and one of his sons , by Sir P. Lely . Charles I. by Vandyke . Queen Henrietta Maria , Vandyke . The Duke of Gloucester , son of Charles I . The Princess Elizabeth , daughter of Charles I .; this is believed to be the only picture extant of this lady . The above portraits of the Stuart family are placed in the apartments in which Charles had so many tender interviews with his children , after the latter were committed to the charge of Earl Algernon Percy , and removed to Sion House , in August , 1646 . The earl treated them with parental attention , and obtained a grant of Parliament for the king to be allowed to see them ; and in consequence of this indulgence , the latter , who was then under restraint at Hampton Court , often dined with his family at Sion House . Two of the principal fronts of Sion House command very beautiful scenery ; for even the Thames itself appears to belong to the gardens , which are separated into two parts by a serpentine river that communicates with the Thames . The gardens were principally laid out by Brown : they have , however , been lately improved and re-arranged ; and the kitchen-garden is almost unequalled by any thing in the kingdom . Here is a range of hothouses upwards of 400 feet in length , constructed of metal , even to the wall-plates , the doors , and framing of the sashes ; the whole being glazed with plate-glass . It is impossible for us to describe the extent and completeness of these improvements , connected with which , Mr. Loudon observes — “ nothing can be more gratifying than to see a nobleman employing a part of his income in so judicious and spirited a manner . "[ 1 ] [ 1 ] Mr Loudon promises an account of these improvements for the next number of his valuable Gardener 's Magazine . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . MONKISH VERSES . ( For the Mirror .) MIRROR , vol . xii . pp . 98 , 165 . The following is said to have been the epitaph on the tomb of Fair Rosamond , at Godstow :— Hic jacet in tomba , Rosamundae non Rosamundi , Non redolet sed olet quae redolere solet . TRANSLATED . Within this tomb lies the world 's fairest rose ; Whose scent now charms not , but offends the nose . MIRROR , vol . xiii . p. 98 . The couplet on York Minster , translated . As of all flowers the rose is still the sweetest , So of all churches this is the completest . On the stone in the coronation chair in Westminster Abbey . Ni fallat fatum , Scoti quocunque loquitur , Inveniant lapidem , regnare teneter ibidem . TRANSLATED . Unless old proverbs fail , and wizard 's wits be blind , The Scots shall surely reign , where'er this stone they find . Luther sent a glass to Dr. Justus Jonas , with the following verses :— Dat vitrum vitro , Jonae , vitro ipse Lutherus , Se similem ut fragili noscat uterque vitro . TRANSLATED . Luther a glass , to Jonas Glass , a glass doth send , That both may know ourselves to be but glass , my friend . PRIOR . MIRROR , vol . xii . p. 184 . Prior 's epitaph on himself was parodied as follows :— Hold Mathew Prior , by your leave , Your epitaph is very odd : Bourbon and you are sons of Eve , Nassau the offspring of a God . Which being shewn to Swift he wrote the following :— Hold , Mathew Prior , by your leave , Your epitaph is barely civil ; Bourbon and you are sons of Eve , Nassau the offspring of the devil . In the “ Spectator , ” is part of an epitaph by Ben Jonson , on Mary Herbert , Countess of Pembroke , and sister of Sir Philip Sidney . The following is the whole , taken from the first edition of Jonson 's works , collected as they were published :— Underneath this stone doth lie , As much virtue as could die ; Which when alive did vigour give , To as much beauty as could live ; If she had a single fault , Leave it buried in this vault . Another on the same , from the same source :— Underneath this sable hearse , Lies the subject of all verse , Sidney 's sister , Pembroke 's mother , Death ere thou hast slain another , Fair , and good , and learn 'd as she , Time shall throw a dart at thee ; Marble piles , let no man raise To her fame ; for after days , Some kind woman born as she , Reading this , like Niobe , Shall turn statue and become Both her mourner and her tomb . A CORRESPONDENT . The Londiners pronounce woe to him , that buyes a horse in Smith-field , that takes a Seruant in Paul 's Church , that marries a Wife out of Westminster . Londiners , and all within the sound of Bow-Bell , are in reproch called Cocknies , and eaters of buttered tostes . The Kentish men of old were said to haue tayles , because trafficking in the Low Countries , they neuer paid full payments of what they did owe , but still left some part vnpaid . Essex men are called calues , ( because they abound there ,) Lankashire eggepies , and to be wonne by an Apple with a red side . Norfolke wyles ( for crafty litigiousness :) Essex stiles , ( so many as make walking tedious ,) Kentish miles ( of the length .) — Moryson 's Itinerary , 1617 . ORIGIN OF THE WORD SMECTYMNUUS . ( For the Mirror .) This was a cant term that made some figure in the time of the Civil War , and during the Interregnum . It was formed of the initial letters of the names of five eminent Presbyterian ministers of that time , viz . Stephen Marshall , Edmund Calamy , Thomas Young , Matthew Newcomen , and William Spenstow ; who , together , wrote a book against Episcopacy , in the year 1641 , whence they and their retainers were called Smectymnuans . They wore handkerchiefs about their necks for a note of distinction ( as the officers of the parliament-army then did ) which afterwards degenerated into cravats . P. T. W . CIVIC FEAST IN 1506 . ( For the Mirror .) In the court room of Salters ’ Hall there appears , framed and glazed , the following “ Bill of fare for fifty people of the Company of Salters , A. D. 1506 . ” s. d. Thirty-six chickens 4 5 One swan and four geese 7 0 Nine rabbits 1 4 Two rumps of beef tails 0 2 Six quails 1 6 Two oz . of pepper 0 2 Two oz . of cloves and mace 0 4 One and a half oz . of saffron 0 6 Eight lbs . of sugar 0 8 Two lbs . of raisins 0 4 One lb . of dates 0 4 One and a half lb . of comfits 0 2 Half a hundred eggs 0 2-1 / 2 Four gallons of curds 0 4 One ditto gooseberries 0 2 Bread for the company 1 1 One kilderkin of ale 2 3 Herbs 1 0 Two dishes of butter 0 4 Four breasts of veal 1 5 Brawn 0 6 Quarter load of coals 0 4 Faggots 0 2 Three and a half gallons of Gascoigne wine 2 4 One bottle of Muscovadine 0 8 Cherries and tarts 0 8 Verjuice and vinegar 0 2 Paid the cook 3 4 Perfume 0 2 One bushel and a half of meal 0 8 Water 0 3 Garnishing the vessels 0 3 Total of feast for 50 people £ 1 13 2-1 / 2 CURIOS . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . VIDOCQ . ( Concluded .) We have a vulgar book called Frauds of London laid open , and Vidocq 's fourth volume will serve for Paris , since he defines the nomenclature — nay the very craft of thieves with great minuteness : thus — The Chevaliers Grimpants . “ The Chevaliers Grimpants , called also voleurs au bonjour , donneurs de bonjours , bonjouriers , are those who introduce themselves into a house and carry off in an instant the first movable commodity that falls in their way . The first bonjouriers were I am assured , servants out of place . They were at first few in number , but , soon acquiring pupils , their industry increased so rapidly , that from 1800 to 1812 , there was scarcely a day that robberies were not committed in Paris of from a dozen to fifteen baskets of plate . “ The Almanach du commerce , l'Almanach royal , and that with twenty-five thousand addresses in it , are , for bonjouriers , the most interesting works that can be published . Every morning , before they go out , they consult them ; and when they propose visiting any particular house , it is very seldom that they are not acquainted with the names of at least two persons in it ; and that they may effect an entrance , they inquire for one when they see the porter , and endeavour to rob the other . “ A bonjourier has always a gentlemanly appearance , and his shoes always well made and thin . He gives the preference to kid before any other leather , and takes care to bruise and break the sole that it may not creak or make any noise ; sometimes the sole is made of felt ; at other times , and especially in winter , the kid slipper , or dogskin shoe , is replaced by list shoes , with which they can walk , go up stairs , or descend a staircase , without any noise . The theft au bonjour , is effected without violence , without skeleton keys , without burglariously entering . If a thief sees a key in a door of a room , he first knocks very gently , then a little harder , then very loudly ; if no person answers , he turns the handle , and thus enters the antechamber . He then advances to the eating-room , penetrates even to the adjoining apartments , to see if there be any person there ; returns , and if the key of the sideboard is not to be seen , he looks in all the places in which he knows it is generally deposited , and if he finds it , he instantly uses it to open the drawers , and taking out the plate , he places it generally in his hat , after which , he covers it with a napkin , or fine cambric handkerchief , which , by its texture and whiteness , announces the gentleman . Should the bonjourier , whilst on his enterprise , hear any person coming , he goes straight towards him , and accosting him , wishes him good morning ( le bonjour ) with a smiling and almost familiar air , and inquires if it be not Monsieur ‘ such a one , ’ to whom he has the honour of addressing himself . He is directed to the story higher or lower , and , then still smiling , evincing the utmost politeness and making a thousand excuses and affected bows , he withdraws . It may so happen , that he has not had time to consummate his larceny , but most frequently the business is perfected , and the discovery of loss only made too late to remedy it . “ The majority of the thieves in this particular line commence their incursions with morning , at the hour when the housekeepers go out for their cream , or have a gossip whilst their masters and mistresses are in bed . Other bonjouriers do not open the campaign until near dinner time ; they pitch upon the moment when the plate is laid upon the table . They enter , and in the twinkling of an eye , they cause spoons , forks , ladles , & c. to vanish . This is technically termed goupiner à la desserte , ( clearing the cloth ) . “ One day one of these goupineurs à la desserte was on the look out in a dining room , when a servant entered carrying two silver dishes , between which were some fish . Without being at all disconcerted , he went up to her , and said — ‘ Well , go and bring up the soup , the gentlemen are in a hurry . ’ “ ‘ Yes , sir , ’ said the maid , taking him for one of the guests , ‘ it is quite ready , and if you please you can announce the dinner . ’ “ At the same time she ran to the kitchen , and the goupineur , after having hastily emptied the dishes , thrust them between his waistcoat and shirt . The girl returned with the broth , the pretended guest had retired , and there was not a single piece of silver left on the table . They denounced this theft to me , and from the statement given , as well as the description of the person committing the robbery , I thought I had recognised my man . He was called Cheinaux , alias Bayer , and was discovered and apprehended in Saint Catherine 's market . His shirt was marked with the circumference of the dishes , in consequence of the remains of the sauce left in them . “ Another body of bonjouriers more particularly direct their talents to furnished houses . “ The individuals forming this class are on foot from the dawn of day . Their talent is evinced by the adroit mode in which they baffle the vigilance of the porters . They go up the staircase , sometimes on one pretext , and sometimes on another , look round them , and if they find any keys in the doors , which is common enough , they turn them with the least possible noise . Once in the room , if the occupant be asleep , farewell to his purse , his watch , his jewels , and all that he has that is valuable . If he awakes , the visiter has a thousand excuses ready . “ ‘ A thousand pardons , sir , I thought this was No . 13 ; ’ or , ‘ Was it you , sir , who sent for a bootmaker , tailor , hairdresser , ’ ” & c. & c . The Detourneurs and Detourneuses . “ The robbery à la detourne is that which is effected whilst making purchases at a shop . This species of plunder is practised by individuals of both sexes ; but the d é tourneuses , or lady prigs , are generally esteemed more expert than the detourneurs , or gentlemen prigs . The reason of this superiority consists entirely in the difference of dress ; women can easily conceal a very large parcel . “ In retail shops it would be an advisable plan , when there are many customers to serve , that from time to time the shopmen should say to each other , deux sur dix ( two on ten ) , or else allumez les gonzesses ( twig the prigs ) . I will bet a thousand to one , that on hearing these words , the thieves , who have very fine ears , will make haste to take themselves away . “ Shopkeepers of what class soever , particularly retailers , cannot be too much on their guard ; they should never forget that in Paris there are thousands of male and female thieves à la detourne , I here only speak of robbers by profession ; but there are also amateurs , who , beneath the cover of a well-established reputation , make small acquisitions slyly and unsuspectedly . They are very honest people they say , who with little scruple indulge their propensity for a rare book , a miniature , a cameo , a mosaic , a manuscript , a print , a medal , or a jewel that pleases them ; they are called Chipeurs . If the Chipeur be rich , no heed is paid to him , he is too much above such a larceny to impute it to him as a crime ; if he be poor , he is denounced to the attorney-general , and sent to the galleys , because he robbed from necessity . It must be owned that we have strange ideas as to honesty and dishonesty . ” This is what we call Shoplifting . A milliner once told us that ribands and flowers not unfrequently attach themselves to the cuffs and sleeves of fair purchasers . Careurs Belong to the same class of thieves , and are gipsies , Italians , or Jews . The female Careurs are very expert in robbing priests ; and Vidocq apprehended a mother and daughter for more than sixty such offences . “ The gipsies do not confine themselves to these means of appropriating to themselves the property of another : they frequently commit murder , and they have the less objection to commit a murder , because they have no feeling of any kind of remorse ; and they have a peculiar kind of expiation whereby they purify themselves . For a year they wear a coarse woollen shirt , and abstain from ‘ work ’ ( robbing ) . This period elapsed , they believe themselves white as snow . In France , the majority of the persons of this caste call themselves Catholics , and have every external show of great devotion . They always carry about them rosaries and a crucifix ; they say their prayers night and morning , and follow the service with much attention and precision . In Germany , they seldom exercise any other calling than that of horse doctor , or herbalist : some addict themselves to medicine , that is to say , profess to be in possession of secret means of effecting cures . A vast number of them travel in bodies , some tell fortunes , others mend glass , china , pots , and pans ; woe to the inhabitants of the country overrun by these vagabonds . There will infallibly be a mortality amongst the cattle , for the gipsies are very clever in killing them , without leaving any traces which can be converted into a charge of malevolence against them . They kill the cows by piercing them to the heart with a long and very fine needle , so that the blood flowing inwardly , it may be supposed that the animal died of disease . They stifle poultry with brimstone ; they know that then they will give them the dead birds ; and whilst they imagine that they have a taste for carrion , they make good cheer , and eat delicious meat . Sometimes they want hams , and then they take a red herring and hold it under the nose of a pig , which , allured by the smell , would follow them to the world 's end . ” Rouletiers Are fellows who plunder carriages of portmanteaus , imperials , & c . “ One day I followed a famous rouletier named Gosnet . On reaching the Rue Saint Denis , he jumped up on a coach , put on a cloak and cotton cap which he found lying close to his hand , and in this dress got down again with a portmanteau under his arm . It was not later than two o'clock in the afternoon ; but to elude all suspicion , Gosnet , on alighting , went straight to the conducteur ( guard ) , and after having spoken to him , turned down a street close at hand . I was in waiting for him , he was apprehended and sentenced . ” Tireurs , Or pickpockets are as abundant as mushrooms . “ There was in Paris a thief of such incredible dexterity that he robbed without an accomplice . He placed himself in front of a person , put his hand behind him , and took either a watch or some other valuable . This species of thievery is called the vol à la chicane . “ A fellow named Molin , alias Moulin le Chapelier , being under the portico des Fran ç ais , was desirous of stealing a gentleman 's purse : the sufferer , who was near the wall , thought he felt some one picking his pocket ; Molin , full of presence of mind , effected his object in an instant , the purse was torn from the pocket , he opened it , and taking out a coin , asked for a ticket for the play . At the same moment the person robbed said to him — ‘ But , sir , you have taken my purse , give it to me . ’ — ‘ The devil I have , ’ replied Molin with an air of affected surprise , ‘ are you quite sure ? ’ Then looking attentively at it — ‘ By heavens ! I thought it was mine . Oh ! sir , I ask your pardon . ’ “ At the same time he returned the purse , and all the bystanders were persuaded that he had done it involuntarily . This is being fly , or I know nothing about it . “ At the time of the great fog , Molin and a pal named Dorl é were stationed at the environs of the Place des Italiens . An old gentleman passed , and Dorl é stole his watch which he passed to Molin . The darkness was so great that he could not discern if it were a repeater or not , and to ascertain this , Molin pressed down the spring : the hammer instantly struck on the bell , and by the sound the old man knew his watch , and instantly cried out — ‘ My watch ! my watch ! pray restore me my watch , it belonged to my grandfather , and is a family piece . ’ “ Whilst uttering these lamentations , he endeavoured to go in the direction whence the sound had proceeded , to get his watch as he expected and hoped to do . He came close up to Molin , who , under cover of the dense fog , put his hand with the watch in it close to the old gentleman 's ear , and pushing the spring again , said , whilst the watch was striking — ‘ Listen then to its sounds for the last time ; ’ and with this cruel advice the two thieves then went away , leaving the worthy undone elderly to bewail his loss . “ The ancient voleurs à la tire cite still , as amongst the celebrated personages of their profession , two Italians , the brothers Verdure , the eldest of whom , convicted of forming one of a band of chauffeurs , was sentenced to death . On the day of execution , the younger , who was at liberty , wished to see his brother as he left the prison , and with several of his comrades took his station on the road . When thieves go out in the evening into a crowd they generally have a preconcerted word of alarm or summons , by which to call or distinguish their accomplices . Young Verdure , on seeing the fatal car , uttered his , which was lorge , to which the criminal , looking about him , replied lorge . This singular salute given and returned , it may be imagined that young Verdure retired . On his road he had already stolen two watches ; he saw his brother 's head fall from the block , and either before or afterwards he was determined to carry matters to their utmost . “ The crowd having dispersed he returned to the cabaret with his comrades . ‘ Well , well , ’ said he , laying down on the table four watches and a purse , ‘ I think I have not played my cards amiss . I never thought to have made such a haul at my frater 's death ; I am only sorry he 's not here to have his share of the swag . ’ ” Ring-droppers , and Emporteurs ( “ gentlemen who lose themselves ” ) are next shown up : to the latter class belong the fellows who , under pretence of inquiring their road , fall into conversation with you , invite you to billiards , and cheat you . [ 2 ] Ring-droppers are very troublesome in Paris , especially in the Champs Elyse é s , where you may be teazed to buy a copper-framed eye-glass which they have just “ found . ” Riffaudeurs , or Chauffeurs , Were thieves assuming the garb of country dealers , or travelling hawkers ; and they sought to wring from their victims a confession of where they had concealed their treasure , by applying fire to the soles of their feet . The Fourth Volume closes abruptly with a story of a gang of them , which has all the horrors of rack and torture . In the Translator 's sequel we find the following :— “ Since the commencement of these Memoirs , M. Vidocq has given up his paper manufactory at St. Mand é, and has been subsequently confined in Sainte Pelagie for debt . His embarrassments are stated to have arisen from a passion for gambling , a propensity which , once indulged , takes deep root in the human mind ; and few indeed , lamentably few , are those who can effectually eradicate the fatal passion . Vidocq , who could assume all shapes like a second Proteus , who underwent bitter hardships , and unsparingly jeopardized his life at any time , could not resist the fell temptation which has brought him to distress and a prison . “ It has been stated in some of the Journals that Vidocq has a son named Julius , who was condemned to the galleys , and when liberated was employed by his father at Sainte Mand é. This must be another bitter in his life 's cup , which Vidocq seems condemned to drain to the very dregs . ” We need hardly be told why Vidocq has withheld the information respecting the state of crime in France , which he promised , and made a grand parade of possessing . The length to which his Memoirs have been spun out is tedious , and the air of romance which he has given to some scenes in the concluding volume , almost invalidates its forerunners . Still we are bound to confess that his adventures are equal in interest to any work of fact or fiction that has appeared for several years . We omit the translations of some slang songs , one of which appeared recently in Blackwood 's Magazine ; still , they are exceedingly clever in their way . The present volume has a portrait of Vidocq , upon which we hope the physiognomists will speculate ; for with all his peccadilloes , ( and a hard set of features which the engraver has probably hardened ) the author must be a clever and a very pleasant fellow ; and we wish some myrmidon of our police — some English Vidocq — would write four pretty pocket volumes like those of the French policeman . Perhaps some of the new appointed will take this hint . To conclude , after what we have said , our readers need not be recommended to turn to Vidocq 's Memoirs . They will find the translation generally well executed , although we have detected several slips in the last volume . [ 2 ] A ruse of this description will be found in the MIRROR , vol . X. page . 305 , prefixed to a paper on French Gaming Houses . SOUTHWELL CHURCH . Southwell Church . The town of Southwell , in the county of Nottingham , is situated in the midst of an amphitheatre of well-wooded hills ; the soil is rich , and the air , from the vicinity of the River Trent , is remarkably pure . It is fourteen miles north-east of Nottingham , about as many south-east of Mansfield , and eight south-west from Newark ; the River Greet , famous for red trout , runs by the side of the town , falling into the Trent , at about three miles distance . The most ancient part of the church is of the order usually called Saxon , and from tradition is said to have been built in the time of Harold , predecessor of William I . But there is no history or written instrument of any kind now extant , concerning the origin of this structure . The two side aisles are of pure Norman architecture . The choir was built in the reign of Edward III . as appears by a license of the eleventh year of that king 's reign , to the chapter , to get stones from a quarry in Shirewood Forest for building the choir . The chapter-house is a detached building , connected by a cloister with the north aisle of the choir , and is on the model of that at York . The arch of entrance from the aisle , is said to exceed in elegance and correctness of execution , almost every thing of the kind in the kingdom ; the chapter-house is of Gothic architecture , and the arch forming the approach is considered of modern insertion , the sculpture being finer and more delicate than any thing near it . This church and Ripon are said to be the only parochial , as well as collegiate , churches now in England , the rest having been dissolved by Henry VIII . or his successors . At the Reformation , its chantries were dissolved , and the order of priests expelled about the year 1536 . In 1542 , Lee , then Archbishop of York , granted , by indenture to the king , the manor of Southwell . In the thirty-fourth year of his reign , Henry VIII ., by act of parliament , declared Southwell the head and mother church of the town and county of Nottingham , and soon afterwards re-founded and re-endowed it , probably at the instance of Cranmer , at that time in the height of favour , who was a native of Nottinghamshire , not far from Southwell . Soon after the accession of Edward VI . the chapter was again dissolved , and its prebendal , and other estates granted to John , Earl of Warwick , afterwards made Duke of Northumberland ; by him they were sold to John Beaumont , Master of the Rolls , and coming soon afterwards to the crown , by escheat , were granted to the favourite Northumberland , who retained them until his attainder in 1553 , when they again reverted to the crown ; and by Queen Mary were restored to the Archbishop of York , in as ample manner as they had before been holden . It appears from the Registrum Album , a register of the church , that in the latter end of the reign of William I. there were at least ten prebends . In the office of augmentation , an estimate of Southwell College , in the first of Edward VI . states King Edgar to have been the founder of the church , which consisted of sixteen prebends , and sixteen vicars . There are now sixteen prebends , of which the Archbishop of York is sole patron , a vicar-general appointed out of the prebendaries by the chapter , six vicars , and six choristers . Alfric , appointed to the See of York in 1023 , gave two large bells to the church of Southwell ( William of Malmsbury .) This was about the time of bells coming generally into use . King Stephen granted that the canons of Southwell should hold the woods of their prebends , in their own hands , which succeeding monarchs , Henry II . Richard , John , and Henry III . confirmed . There are two fellowships , and two scholarships , founded in St. John 's College , Cambridge , by Dr. Keton , canon of Sarum , twenty-second Henry VI . to be presented by the master , fellows , and scholars of that college , to persons having served as choristers in the chapter of Southwell . In the civil wars nearly all the records of Southwell Church were destroyed , the Registrum Album escaping , which contains grants of most of the revenues belonging to the church , from soon after the conquest , nearly to the end of Henry VIII . Southwell is supposed by antiquarians to be the “ Ad Pontem ” of the Romans , one of the stations on the Roman Way from London to Lincoln , situated at a distance from any route of importance between the most frequented part of the kingdom . For many centuries it was hardly known by name — and , till within thirty years there was no turnpike road to it in any direction . Thus denied access to the rest of the world , the people of Southwell lived a separate and distinct society , retaining their own manners untainted by the world ; and among them traditions were handed down pure and unadulterated by the speculations of the learned , or the discoveries of antiquarians . NEMO . THE SKETCH-BOOK . SIGHMON DUMPS . Anthony Dumps , the father of my hero ( the subject matter of a story being always called the hero , however little heroic he may personally have been ) married Dora Coffin on St. Swithin 's day in the first year of the last reign . Anthony was then comfortably off , but through a combination of adverse circumstances he went rapidly down in the world , became a bankrupt , and being obliged to vacate his residence in St. Paul 's Churchyard , he removed to No . 3 , Burying Ground Buildings , Paddington Road , where Mrs. Dumps was delivered of a son . The depressed pair agreed to christen their babe Simon , but the name was registered in the parish book with the first syllable spelt “ S — I — G — H ; ” — whether the trembling hand of the afflicted parent orthographically erred , or whether a bungling clerk caused the error I know not ; but certain it is that the infant Dumps was registered SIGHMON . Sighmon sighed away his infancy like other babes and sucklings , and when he grew to be a hobedy-hoy , there was a seriousness in his visage , and a much-ado-about-nothing-ness in his eye , which were proclaimed by good natured people to be indications of deep thought and profundity ; while others less “ flattering sweet , ” declared they indicated naught but want of comprehension , and the dulness of stupidity . As he grew older he grew graver , sad was his look , sombre the tone of his voice , and half an hour 's conversation with him was a very serious affair indeed . Burying Ground Buildings , Paddington Road , was the scene of his infant sports . Since his failure , his father had earned his livelyhood , by letting himself out as a mute , or mourner , to a furnisher of funerals . “ Mute ” and “ voluntary woe ” were his stock in trade . Often did Mrs. Dumps ink the seams of his small-clothes , and darken his elbows with a blacking brush , ere he sallied forth to follow borrowed plumes ; and when he returned from his public performance ( oft rehearsed ) Master Sighmon did innocently crumple his crapes , and sport with his weepers . His melancholy outgoings at length were rewarded by some pecuniary incomings . The demise of others secured a living for him , and after a few unusually propitious sickly seasons , he grimly smiled as he counted his gains : the mourner exulted , and , in praise of his profession , the mute became eloquent . Another event occurred : after burying so many people professionally , he at length buried Mrs. Dumps ; that , of course , was by no means a matter of business . I have before remarked that she was descended from the Coffins ; she was now gathered to her ancestors . Dumps had long been proud of gentility of appearance , a suit of black had been his working day costume , nothing therefore could be more easy than for Dumps to turn gentleman . He did so ; took a villa at Gravesend , chose for his own sitting room a chamber that looked against a dead wall , and whilst he was lying in state upon the squabs of his sofa , he thought seriously of the education of his son , and resolved that he should be instantly taught the dead languages . Sighmon Dumps was decidedly a young man of a serious turn of mind . The metropolis had few attractions for him , he loved to linger near the monument ; and if ever he thought of a continental excursion , the Catacombs and P è re la Chaise were his seducers . His father died , his old employer furnished him with a funeral ; the mute was silenced , and the mourner was mourned . Sighmon Dumps became more serious than ever ; he had a decided nervous malady , an abhorrence of society , and a sensitive shrinking when he felt that any body was looking at him . He had heard of the invisible girl ; he would have given worlds to have been an invisible young gentleman , and to have glided in and out of rooms , unheeded and unseen , like a draft through a keyhole . This , however , was not to be his lot ; like a man cursed with creaking shoes , stepping lightly , and tiptoeing availed not ; a creak always betrayed him when he was most anxious to creep into a corner . At his father 's death he found himself possessed of a competency and a villa ; but he was unhappy , he was known in the neighbourhood , people called on him , and he was expected to call on them , and these calls and recalls bored him . He never , in his life , could abide looking any one straight in the face ; a pair of human eyes meeting his own was actually painful to him . It was not to be endured . He sold his villa , and determined to go to some place where , being a total stranger , he might pass unnoticed and unknown , attracting no attention , no remarks . He went to Cheltenham and consulted Boisragon about his nerves , was recommended a course of the waters , and horse exercise . The son of the weeper very naturally thought he had already “ too much of water ; ” he , however , hired a nag , took a small suburban lodging , and as nobody spoke to him , nor seemed to care about him , he grew better , and felt sedately happy . This blest seclusion , “ the world forgetting , by the world forgot , ” was not the predestined fate of Sighmon : odd circumstances always brought him into notice . The horse he had hired was a piebald , a sweet , quiet animal , warranted a safe support for a timid invalid . On this piebald did Dumps jog through the green lanes in brown studies . One day as he passed a cottage , a face peered at him through an open window ; he heard an exclamation of delight , the door opened , and an elderly female ran after him , entreating him to stop ; much against the grain he complied . “ ‘ Twas heaven sent you , sir , ” said his pursuer , out of breath ; “ give me for the love of mercy the cure for the rhumatiz . ” “ The what ? ” said Dumps . “ The rhumatiz , sir ; I 've the pains and the aches in my back and my bones — give me the dose that will cure me . ” In vain Dumps declared his ignorance of the virtues of “ medicinal gums . ” The more he protested , the more the old woman sued ; when to his horror a reinforcement joined her from the cottage , and men , women , and children implored him to cure the good dame 's malady . At length watching a favourable opportunity , he insinuated his heel into the side of the piebald , and trotted off , while entreaties mingled with words of anger were borne to him on the wind . He determined to avoid that green lane in future , and rode out the next day in an opposite direction : as he trotted through a village a girl ran after him , shouting for a cure for the hooping cough , a dame with a low curtsey solicited a remedy for the colic , and an old man asked him what was good for the palsy . These unforeseen , these unaccountable attacks were fearful annoyances to so retiring a personage as Dumps . Day after day , go where he would , the same things happened . He was solicited to cure “ all the ills that flesh is heir to . ” He was not aware ( any more than the reader very possibly may be ) that in some parts of England the country people have an idea that a quack doctor rides a piebald horse ; why , I cannot explain , but so it is , and that poor Dumps felt to his cost . Life became a burthen to him ; he was a marked man ; he , whose only wish was to pass unnoticed , unheard , unseen ; he , who of all the creeping things on the earth , pitied the glowworm most , because the spark in its tail attracted observation . He gave up his lodgings and his piebald , and went “ in his angry mood to Tewksbury . ” I ought ere this to have described my hero . He was rather embonpoint , but fat was not with him , as it sometimes is , twin brother to fun ; his fat was weighty , he was inclined to blubber . He wore a wig , and carried in his countenance an expression indicative of the seriousness of his turn of mind . He alighted from the coach at the principal inn at Tewksbury ; the landlady met him in the hall , started , smiled , and escorted him into a room with much civility . He took her aside , and briefly explained that retirement , quiet , and a back room to himself were the accommodations he sought . “ I understand you sir , ” replied the landlady , with a knowing wink , “ a little quiet will be agreeable by way of change ; I hope you 'll find every thing here to your liking . ” She then curtseyed and withdrew . “ Frank , ” said the hostess to the head waiter , “ who do you think we 've got in the blue parlour ? you 'll never guess ! I knew him the minute I clapped eyes on him ; dressed just as I saw him at the Haymarket Theatre , the only night I ever was at a London stage play . The gray coat , and the striped trousers , and the hessian boots over them , and the straw hat out of all shape , and the gingham umbrella ! ” “ Who is he , ma'am ? ” said Frank . “ Why , the great comedy actor , Mr. Liston , ” replied the landlady , “ come down for a holiday ; he wants to be quiet , so we must not blab , or the whole town will be after him . ” This brief dialogue will account for much disquietude which subsequently befell our ill fated Dumps . People met him , he could not imagine why , with a broad grin on their features . As they passed they whispered to each other , and the words “ inimitable , ” “ clever creature , ” “ irresistibly comic , ” evidently applied to himself , reached his ears . Dumps looked more serious than ever ; but the greater his gravity , the more the people smiled , and one young lady actually laughed in his face as she said aloud , “ Oh , that mock heroic tragedy look is so like him ! ” Sighmon sighed for the seclusion of number three , Burying Ground Buildings , Paddington Road . One morning his landlady announced , with broader grin than usual , that a gentleman desired to speak with him ; he grumbled , but submitted , and the gentleman was announced . “ My name , sir , is Opie , ” said the stranger ; “ I am quite delighted to see you here . You intend gratifying the good people of Tewksbury of course ? ” “ Gratifying ! what can you mean ? ” “ If your name is announced , there 'll not be a box to be had . ” “ I always look after my own boxes , I can tell you , ” replied Dumps . “ By all means , you will come out here of course ? ” “ Come out ? to be sure , I sha'n ' t stay within doors always . ” “ What do you mean to come out in ? ” “ Why , what I 've got on will do very well . ” “ Oh , that 's so like you , ” said Opie , shaking his sides with laughter , “ you really are inimitable !— What character do you select here ? ” “ Character ! ” said Dumps , “ the stranger . ” “ The Stranger ! you ? ” “ Yes , I . ” “ And you really mean to come out here as the Stranger ? ” said Opie . “ Why , yes to be sure — I 'm but just come . ” “ Then I shall put your name in large letters immediately , we will open this evening ; and as to terms , you shall have half the receipts of the house . ” Off ran Mr. Opie , who was no less a personage than the manager of the theatre , leaving Dumps fully persuaded that he had been closeted with a lunatic . Shortly afterwards he saw a man very busy pasting bills against a wall opposite his window , and so large were the letters that he easily deciphered , “ THE CELEBRATED MR. LISTON IN TRAGEDY . This evening THE STRANGER , the Part of THE STRANGER BY MR. LISTON . ” Dumps had never seen the inimitable Liston , indeed comedy was quite out of his way . But now that the star was to shine forth in tragedy , the announcement was congenial to the serious turn of his mind , and he resolved to go . He ate an early dinner , went by times to the theatre , and established himself in a snug corner of the stage box . The house filled , the hour of commencement arrived , the fiddlers paused and looked towards the curtain , but hearing no signal they fiddled another strain . The audience became impatient ; they hissed , they hooted , and they called for the manager : another pause , another yell of disapprobation , and the manager pale and trembling appeared , and walked hat in hand to the front of the stage . To Dumps 's great surprise it was the very man who visited him in the morning . Mr. Opie cleared his throat , bowed repeatedly , moved his lips , but was inaudible amid the shouts of “ hear him . ” At length silence was obtained , and he spoke as follows :— “ Ladies and Gentlemen , “ I appear before you to entreat your kind and considerate forbearance ; I lament as much , nay more than you , the absence of Mr. Liston ; but , in the anguish of the moment , one thought supports me , the consciousness of having done my duty . ( Applause .) I had an interview with your deservedly favourite performer this morning , and every necessary arrangement was made between us . I have sent to his hotel , and he is not to be found . ( Disapprobation .) I have been informed that he dined early , and left the house , saying that he was going to the theatre ; what accident can have prevented his arrival I am utterly unable to — ” Mr. Opie now happened to glance towards the stage box , surprise ! doubt ! anger ! certainty ! were the alternate expressions of his pale face , and widely opened eyes ; and at length pointing to Dumps he exclaimed — “ Ladies and gentlemen , it is my painful duty to inform you that Mr. Liston is now before you ; there he sits at the back of the stage box , and I trust I may be permitted to call upon him for an explanation of his very singular conduct . ” Every eye turned towards Dumps , every voice was uplifted against him ; the man who could not endure the scrutiny of one pair of eyes , now beheld a house full of them glaring at him with angry indignation . His head became confused , he had a slight consciousness of being elbowed through the lobby , of a riot in the crowded street , and of being protected by the civil authorities against the uncivil attacks of the populace . He was conveyed to bed , and awoke the next morning with a very considerable accession of nervous malady . He soon heard that the whole town vowed vengeance against the infamous and unprincipled impostor who had so impudently played off a practical joke on the public , and at dead of night did he escape from the town of Tewksbury , in a return mourning coach , with which he was accommodated by his tender hearted landlady . Our persecuted hero next occupied private apartments at a boarding-house at Malvern . Privacy was refreshing , but , alas ! its duration was doomed to be short . A young officer who had witnessed the embarrassment of “ the stranger ” at Tewksbury , recognised the sufferer at Malvern , and knowing his nervous antipathy to being noticed , he wickedly resolved to make him the lion of the place . He dined at the public table , spoke of the gentleman who occupied the private apartments , wondered that no one appeared to be aware who he was , and then in confidence informed the assembled party that the recluse was the celebrated author of the “ Pleasures of Memory , ” now engaged in illustrating “ HIS ITALY ” with splendid embellishments from the pencils of Stothard and Turner . Dumps again found himself an object of universal curiosity , every body became officiously attentive to him , he was waylaid in his walks , and intentionally intruded upon by accident in his private apartments ; a travelling artist requested to be permitted to take his portrait for the exhibition , a lady requested him to peruse her manuscript romance and to give his unbiassed opinion , and the master of the boarding-house waited upon him by desire of his guests to request that he would honour the public table with his company . Several ladies solicited his autograph for their albums , and several gentlemen called a meeting of the inhabitants , and resolved to give him a public dinner ; a craniologist requested to be permitted to take a cast of his head , and as a climax to his misery , when he was sitting in his bedchamber thinking himself at least secure for the present , the door being bolted ; he looked towards the Malvern Hills , which rise abruptly immediately at the back of the boarding-house , and there he discovered a party of ladies eagerly gazing at him with long telescopes through the open windows ! He left Malvern the next morning , and went to a secluded village on the Welsh coast , not far from Swansea . The events of the last few weeks had rendered poor Sighmon Dumps more sensitively nervous than ever . His seclusion became perpetual , his blind always down , and he took his solitary walks in the dusk of the evening . He had been told that sea sickness was sometimes beneficial in cases resembling his own ; he , therefore , bargained with some boatmen , who engaged to take him out into the channel , on a little experimental medicinal trip . At a very early hour in the morning he went down to the beach , and prepared to embark . He had observed two persons who appeared to be watching him , he felt certain they were dogging him , and just as he was stepping into the boat they seized him , saying , “ Sir , we know you to be the great defaulter who has been so long concealed on this coast ; we know you are trying to escape to America , but you must come with us . ” Sighmon 's heart was broken . He felt it would be useless to endeavour to explain or to expostulate ; he spoke not , but was passively hurried to a carriage in which he was borne to the metropolis as fast as four horses could carry him , without rest or refreshment . Of course , after a minute examination , he was declared innocent , and was released ; but justice smiled too late , the bloom of Sighmon 's happiness had been prematurely nipped . He called in the aid of the first medical advice , grew a little better ; and when the doctor left him he prescribed a medicine which he said he had no doubt would restore the patient to health . The medicine came , the bottle was shaken , the contents taken — Sighmon died ! It was afterwards discovered that a mistake had occasioned his premature departure ; a healing liquid had been prescribed for him , but the careless dispenser of the medicine had dispensed with caution on the occasion , and Dumps died of a severe oxalic acidity of the stomach ! By his own desire he was interred in the churchyard opposite to Burying Ground Buildings , Paddington Road . His funeral was conducted with almost as much decorum as if his late father the mute had been present , and he was left with — “ At his head a green grass turf , And at his heels a stone . ” But even there he could not rest ! The next morning it was discovered that the body of Sighmon Dumps had been stolen by resurrection men !— Sharpe 's Mag . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . MARIA GRAY .— A SONG . BY THE ETTRICK SHEPHERD . Who says that Maria Gray is dead , And that I in this world can see her never ? Who says she is laid in her cold death-bed , The prey of the grave and of death for ever ? Ah ! they know little of my dear maid , Or kindness of her spirit 's giver ! For every night she is by my side , By the morning bower , or the moonlight river . Maria was bonny when she was here , When flesh and blood was her mortal dwelling ; Her smile was sweet , and her mind was clear , And her form all human forms excelling . But O ! if they saw Maria now , With her looks of pathos and of feeling , They would see a cherub 's radiant brow , To ravish 'd mortal eyes unveiling . The rose is the fairest of earthly flowers — It is all of beauty and of sweetness — So my dear maid , in the heavenly bowers , Excels in beauty and in meetness . She has kiss 'd my cheek , she has komb 'd my hair , And made a breast of heaven my pillow , And promised her God to take me there , Before the leaf falls from the willow . Farewell , ye homes of living men ! I have no relish for your pleasures — In the human face I nothing ken That with my spirit 's yearning measures . I long for onward bliss to be , A day of joy , a brighter morrow ; And from this bondage to be free , Farewell thou world of sin and sorrow ! Blackwood 's Magazine . BEWICK , THE ENGRAVER . By a Correspondent of the Magazine of Natural History . Bewick 's first tendency to drawing was noticed by his chalking the floors and grave-stones with all manner of fantastic figures , and by sketching the outline of any known character of the village , dogs , or horses , which were instantly recognised as faithful portraits . The halfpence he got were always laid out in chalk or coarse pencils ; with which , when taken to church , he scrawled over the ledges of the bench ludicrous caricatures of the parson , clerk , and the more prominent of the congregation . These boards are now in the possession of the Duke of Northumberland , by whom they were replaced ; and when his chalk was exhausted , he resorted to a pin or a nail as a substitute . In consequence of this propensity to drawing , some liberal people , of whom he says , there were many in Newcastle , got him bound apprentice to a Mr. Bielby , an engraver on copper and brass . During this period he walked most Sundays to Ovingham ( ten miles ,) to see his parents ; and , if the Tyne was low , crossed it on stilts ; but , if high-flowing , hollaed across to inquire their health , and returned . This infant genius ( but it was the infant Hercules struggling with the snakes ) was bound down by his master to cut clock-faces and door-knockers — ay , clock-faces and door-knockers !— and he actually showed me several in the streets of Newcastle he had cut . At this time he was employed by Bielby to cut on wood the blocks for Dr. Hutton 's great work on Mensuration . Hutton was then a schoolmaster at Newcastle ( 1770 .) After his apprenticeship , he worked a short time for a person in Hatton Garden ; but he disliked London extremely , still panting for his native home , to whose braes and bonny banks he joyously returned ; where he was occupied in cutting figures and ornaments for books ; and now received his first prize from the Society of Arts for the “ Old Hound , ” in an edition of Gay 's Fables . A glance at this cut will show what a low state wood-engraving was at , when a public society deemed it worthy a reward ; yet even in this are readily visible some lines and touches of the future great master of this delicious art . He never omitted visiting itinerant caravans of animals , from whose living looks and attitudes he made spirited drawings . This led to his History of Quadrupeds , 1790 ; the first block , however , of which , he cut the very day of his father 's death , Nov. 15 , 1785 . From this work he obtained very considerable celebrity ; which led him shortly to draw and engrave the wild bull at Chillingham , Lord Tankerville 's , the largest of all his wood-cuts , impressions of which have actually been sold at twenty guineas each ; and also the zebra , elephant , lion , and tiger , for Pidcock ( Exeter ‘ Change ,) copies whereof are now extremely scarce and valuable . He also executed some curious works on copper , to illustrate a Tour through Lapland , by Matthew Consett , Esq . ; and his Quadrupeds having passed through seven editions , his fame was widely and well established . The famous typographer , Bulmer , of the Shakspeare Press ( a native of Newcastle ,) now employed John Bewick , who , at the age of fourteen , had also been aprenticed to Bielby , in co-operation with his brother Thomas , to embellish a splendid edition of Goldsmith 's Deserted Village and Hermit , Parnell 's Poems , and Somerville 's Chase . The designs and execution of these were so admirable and ingenious , that the late king , George III . doubted their being worked on wood , and requested a sight of the blocks , at which he was equally delighted and astonished . It is deeply to be lamented we have so few specimens of the talents of John Bewick , who died of a pulmonary complaint , 1795 , at the early age of thirty-five . I now , in this hasty , feeble , and divaricated biographical sketch , approach the great and favourite work of my admired friend , The History of British Birds . The first volume of this all-delighting work was published in 1797 , jointly by Bielby and Bewick , but was afterwards continued by Bewick . This beautiful , accurate , animated , and ( I may really add ) wonderful production , having passed through six editions , each of very numerous impressions , is now universally known and admired . The first time I had personal interview with my venerable friend was at Newcastle upon Tyne , on Wednesday , October 1 , 1823 , after perambulating the romantic regions of Cumberland and Westmoreland , with my friend , John E. Bowman , Esq ., F. L. S . We had been told that he retired from his workbench on evenings to the “ Blue Bell on the side , ” for the purpose of reading the news . To this place we repaired , and readily found ourselves in the presence of the great man . For my part , so warm was my enthusiasm , that I could have rushed into his arms , as into those of a parent or benefactor . He was sitting by the fire in a large elbow-chair , smoking . He received us most kindly , and in a very few minutes we felt as old friends . He appeared a large , athletic man , then in his seventy-first year , with thick , bushy , black hair , retaining his sight so completely as to read aloud rapidly the smallest type of a newspaper . He was dressed in very plain , brown clothes , but of good quality , with large flaps to his waistcoat , grey woollen stockings , and large buckles . In his under-lip he had a prodigious large quid of tobacco , and he leaned on a very thick oaken cudgel , which , I afterwards learned , he cut in the woods of Hawthornden . His broad , bright , and benevolent countenance at one glance , bespoke powerful intellect and unbounded good-will , with a very visible sparkle of merry wit . The discourse at first turned on politics ( for the paper was in his hand ,) on which he at once openly avowed himself a warm whig , but clearly without the slightest wish to provoke opposition . I at length succeeded in turning the conversation into the fields of natural history , but not till after he had scattered forth a profusion of the most humorous anecdotes , that would baffle the most retentive memory to enumerate , and defy the most witty to depict . I succeeded by mentioning an error in one of his works ; for which , when I had convinced him , he thanked me , and took the path in conversation we wished . In many instances , I must remark , though frequently succeeding to the broadest humour , his countenance and conversation assumed the emitted flashes and features of absolutely the highest sublimity ; indeed , to an excitement of awful amazement , particularly when speaking on the works of the Deity . THE NATURALIST . DURATION OF LIFE . It appears from well authenticated documents , that the mean term of Roman life , among the citizens , was 30 years — that is to say , taking 1 , 000 persons , adding the years together they each attained , and dividing the total by the number of persons , the result is 30 . In England , at the present time , the expectation of life , for persons similarly situated , is at least 50 years , giving a superiority of 20 years above the Roman citizen . The mean term of life among the easy classes at Paris is at present 42 . At Florence , to the whole population , it is still not more than 30 . We have gleaned these interesting facts from a review of Dr. Hawkins 's Elements of Medical Statistics ; and as the subject is like human life itself , of exhaustless interest , we shall proceed with a few more : Counties of England and Wales . In 1780 , the annual mortality of England and Wales was 1 in 40 . By the last census ( of 1821 ,) the yearly mortality had fallen to 1 in 58 , nearly one-third . The rate of mortality is of course not equal throughout the country . According to Dr. Hawkins , this is mainly influenced by the proportion of large towns which any district or county contains . The lowest well-ascertained rate of mortality in any part of Europe is that of Pembrokeshire and Anglesey , in Wales , where only one death takes place annually out of eighty-three individuals . Sussex enjoys the lowest rate of mortality of any English county ; it is there 1 in 72 . Middlesex , on the other hand , affords the other extreme , 1 in 47 ; yet here , where the rate of mortality is higher than in any part of England , great improvements in the mean duration of life are taking place ; for in 1811 , the mortality was as great as 1 in 36 . Kent , Surrey , Lancashire , Warwickshire , and Cheshire , are the counties where , next to Middlesex , the deaths are most numerous . The three last named counties enjoy many natural advantages , but these are more than counterbalanced by the number and density of their manufacturing towns . It is a circumstance well worthy of note , that the aguish counties of England do not , as might have been expected , stand high in the list . In Lincolnshire , the rate of mortality is only 1 in 62 . Dr. Hawkins hesitates whether to attribute this to the large proportion of dry and elevated district which that county possesses , or to the exemption of fenny countries generally from consumption . We are strongly inclined to suspect that the latter is the true explanation of the fact . The notion was originally thrown out by the late ingenious physician , Dr. Wells , who even went so far as to advise the removal of consumptive patients to the heart of the Cambridgeshire fens , rather than to Hastings or Sidmouth . The author goes on to remark , “ that the decline in the mortality is even more striking in our cities than in our rural districts . While the metropolis has extended itself in all directions , and multiplied its inhabitants to an enormous amount ,— in other words , while the seeming sources of its unhealthiness have been largely augmented , it has actually become more friendly to health . ” In the middle of the last century , the annual mortality was about 1 in 20 . By the census of 1821 , it appeared as 1 in 40 : so that in the space of seventy years , the chances of existence are exactly doubled in London ,— a progress and final result , adds the author , without a parallel in the history of any other age or country . The high rate of mortality in London about the year 1750 , exceeding considerably that of former years , has been attributed to the great , abuse of spirituous liquors , which were then sold without the very necessary check of high duties . One of the results of these statistical investigations which , a priori , we should least have been prepared for , is the uncommon healthiness of Manchester . The rate of mortality there at the present time does not appear to exceed 1 in 74 . The statistics of the sexes afford some curious results . The relative numbers of the sexes are the same in all parts of the world ,— namely , at birth , twenty-one males to twenty females , but as the mortality among males during infancy exceeds that of females , the sexes at the age of fifteen are nearly equal . A late French writer , M. Giron , thinks himself warranted in the opinion , that agricultural pursuits favour an increase in the male , while commerce and manufactures encourage the female population . There exists throughout the world considerable variety in the proportion of births to marriages , but , upon an average , we may state it at about four to one . It has been uniformly found , however , that improvements in the public health are attended by a diminution of marriages and births . The great principle is this : as the number of men cannot exceed their means of subsistence , if men live longer , a less number is born , and the human race is maintained at its due complement with fewer deaths and fewer births , a contingency favourable in every respect to happiness . The author illustrates this very important principle by the population returns both of England and France . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . On reading in a provincial paper , [ 3 ] a passage entitled , “ Ornaments of the Bench and Bar . ” Imitate no one you despise , Said one whose mind was great , Did he not think ? despise not him You cannot imitate . TALBOTE . [ 3 ] The Manchester Courier , 25th July . SIMPLICITY . Major R —— was not long since riding near a building which presented to his admiring gaze a fine specimen of antique Saxon architecture . Desirous to learn something respecting it , he made some inquiries of a man , who as it happened was the souter of the village . This learned wight informed the inquisitive stranger that the building in question was reckoned a noble specimen of Gothic architecture , and was built by the Romans , who came over with Julius Caesar . “ Friend , ” said the Major , “ you make anachronisms . ” “ No , no , Sir , ” replied the man , “ indeed I do n't make anachronisms , for I never made any thing but shoes in my life . ” The same gentleman , one day fitting on a new under-waistcoat , which he had ordered to be made of a material that should resist rain and damp , said to the tailor in attendance , “ But are you sure that it is impervious . ” “ O dear , no , Sir , ” replied the man , with a look of astonishment , “ I certainly can n't pretend to say that it is impervious , for it is wash-leather . ” M. L. B . Some men make a vanity of telling their faults ; they are the strangest men in the world ; they cannot dissemble ; they own it is a folly ; they have lost abundance of advantage by it ; but if you would give them the world , they cannot help it . ARLEQUINS . In Paris , small lumps of mixed meats sold in the market for cats , dogs , and the poor , are called Arlequins . They are the relics collected from the plates of the rich , and from the restaurateurs . By love 's delightful influence the attack of ill-humour is resisted ; the violence of our passions abated ; the bitter cup of affliction sweetened ; all the injuries of the world alleviated ; and the sweetest flowers plentifully strewed along the path of life . At the meeting on the Covent Garden stage , the other day , a gentleman inquired for Mr. Kemble : “ He 's just gone off , ” replied another , evidently connected with the theatre . Such is the force of habit . The late Murgravine of Anspach wrote an impromptu charade , and presented it to her husband , Lord C ., as the person most interested in the subject of it , and most capable of judging of its truth :— “ Mon premier est un tyran — mari - Mon second est un monstre — age ; Et mon tout est — le diable — mariage . ” A farmer applied to a county magistrate for a warrant :— “ A warrant , for what ? ” says the magistrate , “ To take up the weather , please your worship . ” P. T. W . N. B . Warrant refused . CONVERSATION , ( from Swift .) Nature hath left every man a capacity of being agreeable , though not of shining in company ; and there are a hundred men sufficiently qualified for both , who , by a very few faults , that they might correct in half an hour , are not so much as tolerable . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .