THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 13 , No . 367 .] SATURDAY , APRIL 25 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . SUSSEX PLACE , REGENT 'S PARK . SUSSEX PLACE , Is said to have been erected from the designs of Mr. Nash , but is considered as one of the least successful of his productions . It was among the earliest of the terraces in the Park , and its whimsical contrast with the chaster beauties of the adjoining structures soon became the signal for critical pasquinade . It consists of an extensive range of residences , a centre with a pediment , with two octagonal towers , and wings with four other towers in each , all the towers being finished with cupola tops and minarets . Probably the architect was tempted to this introduction for the sake of picturesque variety , since it is not justifiable on the score of architectural beauty or good taste . Indeed , it is an attempt at magnificence which , on so small a scale , is not deserving of imitation , and has not been followed . The general effect is far from pleasing ; but the eye of the landscape painter will probably enjoy an assemblage of picturesque outlines in grouping Sussex Place with its adjacent scenery and accessories . The gardens to this terrace are tastefully disposed , and the situation commands some of the most fascinating prospects of the Park . Before the facade the lake spreads its silvery sheet , and reflects the oriental cupolas with charming effect ; and the varied plantations of the Park , especially on the opposite margin of the lake , group with peculiar felicity , and render Sussex Place one of the most delightful sites in this paradisaical region . TRANSLATION OF AN IRISH DEED OF GIFT . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) The original deed , of which the subjoined is a translation , was found among some old records in Birmingham Tower , Castle of Dublin , when that building was taken down in the year 1772 . It is in Irish , neatly written on a long scroll of parchment ; forty-two seals are attached to the side , but the only signature is that of the chief at bottom . This document , among other curious matter , furnishes us with a proof , that the chiefs of clans were elective , contrary to the opinions of modern authors , and more especially of our modern historical novelists ; which latter speak of them as hereditary feudal lords , and even talk of their estates descending to their daughters ; although under the system of clanship , females could not inherit , and no man could have more than a life interest in his estate . Here we have an instance of a chief divesting himself of the dignity of office , and joining in the transfer of it to another , when such transfer was considered likely to further the interests of the clan . It is also interesting , as showing the manner in which the English government in Dublin proceeded in the subjugation of Ireland , by embroiling its septs with one another . The Mac Ranalds , or Magranals , ( as the name was usually written ,) in English , Reynolds , the principal parties to the deed , were a clan who possessed the territory of Munterolish , in the county of Leitrim , subordinate to O'Rourke , who was lord paramount of the county ; and the lords justices having , by this deed , detached them from the interest of the latter , immediately marched an army into his country . O'Rourke , after a protracted , but ineffectual resistance , was made prisoner and sent to London , where he was executed , in the early part of the reign of Queen Elizabeth ; “ going to death , ” says Camden , “ with as little concern as if he had been merely a spectator . ” The county was then declared a forfeiture to the crown , and the estates of its old proprietors ( including those of the Magranals among the rest ) parcelled out among a colony of English settlers , then for the first time seated in the county . This is the first document known , in which Leitrim is spoken of as a county ; and it is generally said not to have been made such till the time of James I .; it was more anciently known as the territory of Briefn é O'Rourke . Although Henry II . is said to have conquered Ireland , the dominion of the English monarchs there was little better than nominal prior to the reign of James I . Great pains had been taken by different sovereigns to reduce the Irish to a perfect submission to the English crown ; and English colonies had , from time to time , been planted , with that view , in different parts of the country ; these colonies , however , in a generation or two , had uniformly “ degenerated , ” as the phrase was ; that is , had become Irish , both in manners and feelings , using the Irish tongue , and even coining for themselves Irish surnames , as if desirous of forgetting their English origin . Henry VIII . was the first English monarch who assumed the title of king of Ireland ; and his daughter Mary set about the conquest of the country in earnest , by reducing the countries of Ive Faily and Leix , which were formed into the King 's and Queen 's Counties , so called in compliment to the queen , and her husband , Philip of Spain . Her lord deputy , Sir Anthony Bellingham , writing on this occasion to her highness , says that he “ had made good progress in civilizing the barbarous inhabitants of those counties , having reduced their numbers to less than one hundred fighting men . ” The territory of Leitrim , though as yet uninvaded , was at the same time declared a county ; and the Magranals , who had probably no wish to be “ civilized ” on Sir Anthony 's plan , appear to have endeavoured to avert the coming storm , by employing an agent in Dublin , at an immense expense , considering the scarcity of money in Ireland in those days , “ to advocate their cause with the lords justices and council : ” or , in plain English , to crave permission to be allowed to remain in quiet . The person chosen was one of their own sept , John Magranal , a soldier of fortune , who , having served in the English army in the subjugation of the King 's and Queen 's counties , had been rewarded with a grant of the forfeited lands of Claduff , in the former county , and was supposed to stand well with the lords justices . Him they elected their chief . With what success he advocated their cause has been already stated . The late George Nugent Reynolds , the dramatist , was a member of the sept of the Magranals ; as was the notorious Tom Reynolds , the informer , well known in the history of the rebellion of 1798 . There is a copy of this deed in the library of the Duke of Buckingham , at Stow . H. S . TRANSLATION . This is the deed of gift of the two [ 1 ] Mac Ranalds ; to wit , Cahal , son of Conachar Mac Ranald , Toraylach and Gerald Magranal , heads and chiefs of their kindred , with the consent of their brethren and followers in Munterolish , to John Magranal , of Claduff , in the King 's county , and to his heirs :— [ 1 ] The preamble speaks of two Mac Ranalds , ( chiefs ,) and then enumerates three . It is probable there were two families who had been usually elected to the chieftaincy , and that Cahal , the son of Conachar , represented one family , Toraylach and Gerald the other . I give this , however , only as a conjecture . Perhaps the safest way will be to set it down as an Irish bull , the earliest upon record . Know all men , now and in the time that is yet to come , that we , Cahal , son of Conachar Magranal , of the Hill of Innis Morrin , in the county of Leitrim ; Toraylach Magranal , of Drumard , chiefs of our kindred ; Ferdorcha Magranal , of Drumsna , and of Lochdaw ; Melachlin , son of Hubert Magranal , of Corsparrow ; Moroch , son of Teig , of Cloondaa ; Ir , son of Donal , of Dulach ; Teig , son of William , of Screbach ; Toraylach Magranal , of Loch Connow ; Owen Magranal , of Loch Scur ; Toraylach O'Mulvey , of Loch Crew , chief of his kindred ; Teig , son of John , of Acha Cashel ; Dermid Magranal , of Cool Cadarna ; Cormac Magranal , of Loch Cool da ‘ Iach ; Dermid Magranal , of Mongoarsach ; Edmond Magranal , of Mohill ; Jeffrey , son of Conachar , of Anagh Kinca ; Toraylach Magranal , of Loch Irill ; Brian Gruama , the son of Hugh , of Drumlara ; Farrell Duff , the son of Hugh , of Corleih ; Donacha Grana , son of Giolla Gruama , of Stookisha ; Conachar , son of Giolla Gruama , of Duffcarrick ; Rurie Og O'Moran , of Ty Rurie ; Toraylach O'Beirne , of Mullanmoy ; Gerald , son of Moylan Magranal , of Clooncalry ; Melachlin , son of Conachar Magranal , of Cloonclyfa ; Cahal , son of Dermid Magranal , of Rusc , alias Gort an Yure ; Ir , son of Edmond , of Rathbeh ; Melachlin Modara Magranal , of the Point ; Edmond Mac Shanly , of Drumode Mac Shanly ; Moroch , son of Melachlin , of Drumkeely ; Dermid , son of the Prior , of Clonee and of Innis Rusc ; Moroch Magranal , of Drumherk ; Teig O'Histellan , of Drumeen ; Teig Roe Magarry , of Towlag ; with the consent of our kinsmen and followers in Munterolish , for many reasons , for ourselves and our heirs , HAVE GIVEN to John Magranal , of Claduff , in the King 's county , and to his heirs for ever , the yearly sum of forty-two pounds , money of England , to be raised and levied upon our aforesaid lands in Munterolish , and upon any other lands claimed by us , or in our occupation , to be paid at two terms in the year , to wit , one half on the first of May , ( Beiltin ,) and the other half at All Hallowntide , ( Samhan ;) and in case of any delay occurring as to the full payment of the aforesaid sum at the time specified , then this is our agreement with the said John , for ourselves and our heirs , with John and his heirs , that he and they , or the attorneys sent by them , shall have power to enter into our said country of Munterolish , and into our aforesaid lands , and to levy a distress , ( pledge ,) and to take the same with them , and to keep it until full payment is made , to wit , of forty-two pounds , and of arrears , if any such should be — ON CONDITION , that he , the said John , shall be our protector and chieftain over us ; and also that he shall repair from time to time to Dublin , to advocate our cause before the lords justices and council , at our sole charge , over and above the aforesaid sum , which we give him on account of his services ; and on condition that the said John shall not put any of us out of our lands ; and we promise to behave ourselves most dutifully to him , and not to adhere to any of the O'Rourkes . In witness whereof we have put our hands and seals to this writing the 5th day of December . 1556 . CAHAL MAC CONOCHAR . There were present at this agreement , when it was ratified , and when it was interchanged , and when the seals were put upon it , to wit , God in the first place ; Richard O'Hivganane ; Anlan O'Molloy ; Toraylach Mac Ranald ; the two sons of Teig , the son of Ayan , to wit , Owen and William ; Kiruah Mac Manus ; Gerald , deacon of Feana ; Cormac , deacon of Cloon ; Conachar Mac Giolla Sooly ; Manus Mac Giolla Roe ; Owen O'Colla . From the avowed object of the above deed , to detach the Magranals from the interest of O'Rourke , against whom war was at that time in preparation , as well as from the deed itself having been found in the Castle of Dublin , more than two hundred years afterwards , there can be little doubt that the whole affair was got up by the lords justices , and that Magranal of Claduff was an agent in their pay . The Magranals , however , took nothing by their motion ; for although they were arrayed under their new chief against O'Rourke in the war which followed , their estates were confiscated at the same time with his , the lawyers having discovered , that as O'Rourke was their feudal lord , they were partakers in the guilt of his rebellion , although they had been fighting against him . DISCOVERY OF THE MINES OF HAYNA , FROM AN INCIDENT IN IRVING 'S LIFE OF COLUMBUS . ( For the Mirror .) Oh , go not yet , my lord , my love , lie down by Zenia 's side , And think not for thy white men friends , to leave thy Indian bride , For she will steer thy light canoe across Ozuma 's lake , To where the fragrant citron groves perfume the banyan brake ; And wouldst thou chase the nimble deer , or dark-eyed antelope , She 'll lend thee to their woody haunts , behind the mountain 's slope , And when thy hunter task is done , and spent thy spirit 's force , She 'll weave for thee a plantain bower , beside a streamlet 's course , Where the sweet music of the leaves shall lull thee to repose . Hence in Zenia 's watchful love , from harmful beast , or foes , And when the spirit of the storm , in wild tornades rides by , She 'll hide thee in a cave , beneath a rocky panoply . Look , Zenia look , the fleecy clouds move on the western gales , And see the white men 's moving home , unfurls her swelling sails , So farewell India 's spicy groves , farewell its burning clime , And farewell Zenia , but to love , no farewell can be mine ; Not for the brightest Spanish maid , shall Diez ’ vow be riven , So if we meet no more on earth , I will be thine in heaven . Oh , go not yet , my godlike love , stay but a moment more And Zenia 's step shall lead thee on , to Hayna 's golden shore , No white man 's foot has ever trod , the vale that slumbers there , Or forced the gold bird from its nest , or Gato from his lair ; But cradled round by giant hills , lies many a golden mine , And all the treasure they contain , shall be my Diez thine , And all my tribe will be thy friends , our warrior chief thy guard , With Zenia 's breast thy faithful shield , thy love her sweet reward . The valley 's won , the friends are true , revealed the golden tide . And Diez for Hispania 's shore , quits not his Indian bride . D. A. H . RECENT VISIT TO POMPEII . ( For the Mirror .) For the following details respecting a city , accounts of which , ( although so many are already before the public ,) are always interesting , I am indebted to the oral communication of a friend which I immediately committed to paper . M. L. B . My object in visiting Naples was to view that celebrated relic of antiquity — the city of Pompeii , of which , about one half is now supposed to be cleared . The workmen proceed but slowly , nevertheless something is always being done , and some new remnant of antiquity is almost daily brought to light ; indeed , a fine statue was discovered , almost immediately after my visit to this interesting place , but as I had quitted Naples I could not return to see it . A stranger , is I think , apt to be much disappointed in the size of Pompeii ; it was on the whole , not more than three miles through , and is rather to be considered the model of a town , than one in itself . In fact , it is merely an Italian villa , or properly , a collection of villas ; and the extreme smallness of what we may justly term the citizens ’ boxes , is another source of astonishment to those who have been used to contemplate Roman architecture in the magnificence of magnitude . Pompeii however , must always interest the intelligent observer , not more on account of its awful and melancholy associations , than for the opportunity which it affords , of remarking the extreme similarity existing between the modes of living then , and now . “ ‘ Tis Greece , but living Greece no more ! ” for in truth , we are enabled to surmise , from the relics of this buried and disinterred town , that manners and customs , arts , sciences , and trades , have undergone but little change in Italy since the period of its inhumation until now . In Pompeii , the shops of the baker and chemist are particularly worthy of attention , for you might really fancy yourself stepped into a modern bott é ga in each of these ; but , the museum of Naples , wherein are deposited most of the articles dug from Pompeii , Herculaneum , and P æ stum , is a most extraordinary lion , and one which cannot fail to affect very deeply the spectators ; there you may behold furniture , arms , and trinkets ; and the jewellery is , I can assure you , both in materials , pattern , and workmanship , very similar indeed to that at present in fashion , and little injured by the lapse of years , and the hot ashes under which it was buried . [ 2 ] There too , you may behold various domestic and culinary utensils ; and there it is quite curious to observe various jars and bottles of fruits , and pickles , evidently preserved then , the same as they are by our notable housekeepers now ; of course they are blackened and incinerated , nevertheless , the forms of pears , apples , chestnuts , cherries , medlars , & c. & c. are still distinguishable . Very little furniture has been found in Pompeii ; probably , because it was only occasionally resorted to as a place of residence , like our own summer haunts of the drinkers of sea and mineral waters ; or , the inhabitants might have had warning of the coming misfortune , and conveyed most of their effects to a safer place ; a surmise strengthened by the circumstance of so few human skeletons having been found hitherto in the town ; in the museum , however , is a specimen of the inclined couch or sofa , used at meals , with tables , and other articles of furniture . The method of warming apartments by flues , and ventilating them , as now practised , was known to the inhabitants of Pompeii . Of this town , amongst public buildings , the Forum , the Theatre , and the Temple of Isis , have been discovered ; and the latter has revealed , in a curious manner , the iniquitous jugglery of the heathen priests . The statue of Isis , was , it seems , oracular , and stood on a very high pedestal , or kind of altar in the temple of the goddess . Within this pedestal a flight of steps has been discovered , ascending to a metal tube or pipe ; which , fixed in the hollow body of the statue , and attached to its lips , the priest of Isis was enabled by speaking through this tube , to make the poor deluded multitude believe that their idol gave articulate answers to their anxious queries ! We have heard of similar delusions being practised by Christian priests , in days comparatively modern ! But , only let us conceive , the shame and dismay which would now suffuse the countenance of one of these worshippers of Pompeian Isis , could he but behold the deception which had been practised upon him unsuspectedly ! I have said , that but few skeletons have been found in Pompeii ; all that have been met with are covered with ornaments , and appear as in the act of escaping from their hapless town , with what they could carry off of their most valuable possessions ; from which death would not relinquish his hold . More wealth is supposed to have been buried in Herculaneum , from that which has already been found therein ; but owing to the excessive difficulty , time , and expense , which the attempt to bring it to light would occasion , excavations in this city , are now almost , if not entirely , abandoned ; for it is to be remembered , that Herculaneum was destroyed by a flood of liquid lava , which as it cools , hardens into solid and impenetrable rock ; whereas the hot ashes of Vesuvius overwhelmed Pompeii , and consequently it is much less difficult to clear . [ 2 ] “ Witness , ” said my friend , “ the bracelets which I am now wearing ; they are modelled from a pair found in Pompeii . ” These were made of gold , quite in the fashion of the present day ; beautifully chased , but by no means of an uncommon pattern . THE CONVICT 'S DREAM . ( For the Mirror .) “ A wreck of crime upon his stony bed . ” R. MONTGOMERY . He who would learn the true remorse for crime Should watch ( when slumbers innocence , and guilt Or wakes in sleepless pain , or dreams of blood ) The convict stretched on his reposeless bed . Then conscience plays th ’ accusing angel ; Spectres of murder 'd victims flit before His eyes , with soul-appalling vividness ; Hideous phantasma shadow o'er his mind ; Guilt , incubus-like , sits on his soul With leaden weight ,— types of the pangs of hell . His memory to the scene of blood reverts ; He hears the echo of his victims ’ cry , Whose agonizing eyes again are fixed Upon his face , pleading for mercy . See ! how he writhes in speechless agony ! As morning dew-drops on the face of nature , So hangs upon his brow the clammy sweat . Each feature of his face , each limb , each nerve , Distorted with remorse and agony , Is fraught with nature 's speechless eloquence , And is a faithful witness to his sin . It is not all a dream , but memory holds Before the sleeper 's eyes her magic glass , In which he sees the image of the past . Huddersfield . S. J . ANTICIPATION . ( For the Mirror .) ‘ Twixt the appointment and the day Ages seem to roll away — Lingering doubts and cares arise , Fancy glows with sweet surmise ; Now a hope — and now a fear , First a smile — and then a tear ; But that day may never come , Death may seal thine earthly doom . Or that day may prove unkind , Thine anticipation blind ! The best pleasure thou wilt know May be to brood upon thy woe : Wailing happy days gone by , When fancied pleasures mock 'd thine eye : Days that never shall return . Mortal , then , this lesson learn — Struggle not against thy fate , For thy last day hath its date ! It is written in the skies , And a guardian angel cries , Dream no more of earthly joys , They are fleeting , fickle toys . CYMBELINE . THE TOPOGRAPHER ROAD BOOK OF SCOTLAND . Tourists will never cease to remember their obligations to Mr. Leigh , the publisher of this pretty little volume . He has done so much for their gratification in his New Pocket Road Books , ( of which series the present work is one ,) that their success ought to be toasted in all the delightful retreats to which they act as ciceroni . In his Road Book of England and Wales , he has done what Mr. Peel is now doing with our old Acts of Parliament — consolidating their worth , and rejecting their obsoleteness . For our own part , one of the greatest bugbears of books is the Road Book on the old system : it is all long columns of small type , in which we lose our way as in the cross-roads of the last century — all direction-posts and “ Vides , ” puzzle upon puzzle , Pelion on Ossa , and Ossa on Pelion — crabbed and complex abbreviations , with which we get acquainted at the end of our journey . They contain nothing like direct information , and the only people who appear to understand them are postmasters and innkeepers , and some old-established bagmen , whose interests and heads will give you a clearer view of the roads than all the itineraries ever printed . It was , however , but reasonable to expect that the Macadamization of roads , or the mending of ways , should be followed up by the improvement of Road Books , since greater facilities and inducements were thereby afforded to the tourist for the detection and exposure of blunders — such as placing a hall on the wrong side of the road , or recording some relic which had never existed but in the book . The arrangement of the Road Book of Scotland is clear and intelligible , and , moreover , it is a book which may be read in the post-chaise or the parlour , on or off the road , before or after the journey , with equal pleasure . It is so portable , that the pedestrian will not complain of its weight , for it bears the same proportion to an old Road Book that a Prayer Book does to a Family Bible . The picturesque charms of Scotland , and its connexion with eminent individuals , and memorable events of love , war , and chivalric renown , all combine to render a Scottish Road Book attractive and interesting ; but the editor prudently observes , that “ long descriptions of scenery , except in some few cases , have not been introduced , as they are totally inadequate to convey to the reader any definite idea of the beauties they attempt to portray . ” Plans of Pleasure Tours are likewise appended , together with a useful Appendix ; and , what is indispensable in a work of this description , a good Index , is added . As might be expected , nearly every page bears the record of some spot consecrated by hoar antiquity , or in the inspirations of olden or modern genius . Sir Walter Scott has probably monopolized every inch of his native country , and invested each memorable spot with the enchantment of his pen ; so that little more than reference is necessary to enable the tourist to identify such sites as the novelist has not distinguished in his writings by actual name . Such information is requisite , for as we are reminded by Kett , who observes , “ We are told of a noble Roman , who could recollect all the articles that had been purchased at an auction , and the names of the several buyers . The memory of our travellers ought to be of equal capacity and retentiveness , considering the short time they allow themselves for the inspection of curiosities . ” As books and broad-cloth are now bought by the pattern , we cannot do better than substantiate what we have said by a few quotations from the Road Book of Scotland :— Falkirk . The view from the hill of Falkirk , immediately behind the town , is remarkably extensive , varied , and beautiful . Hence , the spectator may behold the Ochil Hills , forming part of the ridge which extends from the German Ocean to the banks of the Clyde ; and through an opening in the chain for the passage of the Forth , may discover , in fine weather , several isolated rocks , on the highest of which stands Stirling Castle . Beyond , over the Vale of Monteith , appear the Grampian Hills , including the conical-shaped summit of Benledi , as well as Benvoirlich ; and further to the west , the lofty Benlomond . To the north are seen the rich valley of the Carse , the Forth , with the towns of Culross , Kincardine , Clackmannan , and Alloa , on the opposite shore , and the country reaching to the foot of the Ochils . To the north also may be seen the village of Larbert , as well as several seats , the most conspicuous of which are Carron Hall , Carron Park , Kinnaird , which once belonged to Bruce the traveller , Stenhouse , the property of Sir W. Bruce , and Dunmore House , belonging to the earl of that name . Immediately below the spectator is Falkirk , and beyond it , the Carron Iron Works . At the further extremity of the valley may be seen the shipping of Grangemouth , and lower down , that of Bo ’ Ness . The church of Falkirk was founded in 1057 , by Malcolm Canmore , but rebuilt in 1809 . In the churchyard are the graves of Sir John Graham and Sir John Stewart , both of whom were killed in 1298 , when Edward I. obtained the famous victory over the Scots , under Sir W. Wallace . The battle took place halfway between Falkirk and the river Carron . A stone , called Wallace 's Stone , denotes the spot which his division occupied previous to the contest . The tomb of Sir J. Graham bears an inscription . Here also is the monument of Sir R. Munro , who was killed in 1746 , when General Hawley was defeated by the Pretender . The scene of this second battle was the Moor of Falkirk , about a mile S. W . of the town . Immense Plane Tree . At Kippenross is an immense plane tree . It is 27 feet in circumference at the ground , and 30 at the part from which the branches shoot out . Environs of Callander . The vicinity of Callander is famous as the scene of Sir W. Scott 's “ Lady of the Lake . ” The prospects are beautiful , and there are several objects worthy of being visited . On the banks of the Teith , about a quarter of a mile below the village is the Camp , a villa supposed to occupy the site of a Roman intrenchment . Hence there is a magnificent prospect of Ben Ledi , which rises 3 , 000 feet above the level of the sea , and bounds the horizon to the N. W . Its name signifies Hill of God , and it is probable that it was formerly the scene of Druidical rites . According to tradition , it was held sacred by the inhabitants of the surrounding country , who annually assembled on the first of May to kindle the sacred fire in honour of the sun , on its summit . Near the summit of Ben Ledi is a small lake , called Loch-au-nan Corp , the Lake of Dead Bodies , a name which it derived from an accident which happened to a funeral here . The lake was frozen and covered with snow ; and when the funeral was crossing it , the ice gave way , and all the attendants perished . About a mile N. E . of Callander is Bracklin Bridge , a rustic work only three feet broad , thrown across a deep chasm , along the bottom of which rolls the river Keltie . The torrent , after making several successive cataracts , at length falls in one sheet about 50 feet in height , presenting from the bridge an appalling spectacle . Another curiosity near Callander is the Pass of Leney , a narrow ravine , skirted with woods , and hemmed in with rocks , through which a stream , issuing from Loch Lubnaig , rushes with amazing force , forming a series of cascades . Linlithgow . The palace , which forms the chief object of curiosity in Linlithgow , is a majestic ruin , situated on the margin of a beautiful lake , and covering more than an acre . It is entered by a detached archway , on which were formerly sculptured the four orders borne by James V ., the Thistle , Garter , Holy Ghost , and Golden Fleece ; but these are now nearly effaced . The palace itself is a massive quadrangular edifice of polished stone , the greater part being five stories in height . A plain archway leads to the interior court , in the centre of which are the ruins of the well . The west side of the quadrangle , which is the most ancient , was originally built and inhabited by Edward I ., and is also interesting as the birth-place of Queen Mary . The room in which she first saw the light is on the second story . Her father , James V ., then dying of a broken heart at Falkland , on account of the disaster at Solway Frith , prophetically exclaimed , “ It came with a lass , ” alluding to his family having obtained the crown by marriage , “ and it will go with a lass . ” The east side , begun by James III ., and completed by James V ., contains the Parliament Hall . This was formerly the front of the palace , and the porch was adorned with a statue of Pope Julius II ., who presented James V. with a consecrated sword and helmet for his resistance to the Reformation . This statue escaped the iconoclastic zeal of the Reformers ; but at the beginning of the last century was destroyed by a blacksmith , whose anger against the Papal power had been excited by a sermon . On an inn-window at Tarbet , in Dunbartonshire , is perhaps the longest specimen of brittle rhymes ever written . They are signed “ Thomas Russell , Oct. 3 , 1771 , ” and extend to thirty-six lines , being a poetical description of the ascent to Ben Lomond . What would Dr. Watts have said to such a string of inn-window rhymes ! Ossian . The principal curiosity in the environs of Dunkeld is the Cascade of the Bran at Ossian 's Hall , about a mile distant . This hermitage , or summer-house , is placed on the top of a perpendicular cliff , 40 feet above the bottom of the fall , and is so constructed , that the stranger , in approaching the cascade , is entirely ignorant of his vicinity to it . Upon entering the building is seen a painting , representing Ossian playing on his harp , and singing to a group of females ; beside him is his hunting spear , bow and quiver , and his dog Bran . This picture suddenly disappears , and the whole cataract foams at once before you , reflected in several mirrors , and roaring with the noise of thunder . A spectacle more striking it is hardly possible to conceive . The stream is compressed within a small space , and at the bottom of the fall has hollowed out a deep abyss , in which its waters are driven round with great velocity . A little below the hall is a simple arch thrown across the chasm of the rocks , and hence there is a good view of the fall . Half a mile further up the Bran is Ossian 's Cave , part of which has been artificially made ; and about a mile higher is the Rumbling Bridge , thrown across a chasm of granite about 15 feet wide . The river for several hundred feet above the arch is crowded with massive fragments of rock , over which it foams and roars ; and , approaching the bridge , precipitates itself with great fury through the chasm , making a fall of nearly 50 feet . Returning to Ossian 's Hall , the tourist may continue his excursion along the face of Craig Vinean , the summit of which commands one of the finest prospects in this vicinity . Hence he may form some idea of the extent to which the Duke of Atholl has carried his system of planting . His Grace is said to have planted more than thirty millions of trees in the neighbourhood of Dunkeld . Loch Katrine . We need scarcely remind the tourist , that the scene of Sir Walter Scott 's “ Lady of the Lake ” is laid in this spot . The following description is from the pen of Dr. Graham , the minister of the parish :— “ When you enter the Trosachs there is such an assemblage of wildness and of rude grandeur , as fills the mind with the most sublime conceptions . It seems as if a whole mountain had been torn in pieces , and frittered down by a convulsion of the earth , and the huge fragments of rocks , woods , and hills scattered in confusion at the east end , and on the sides of Loch Katrine . The access to the lake is through a narrow pass of half a mile in length . The rocks are of stupendous height , and seem ready to close above the traveller 's head , and to fall down and bury him in the ruins . A huge column of these rocks was , some years ago , torn with lightning , and lies in very large blocks near the road . Where there is any soil , their sides are covered with aged weeping birches , which hang down their venerable locks in waving ringlets , as if to cover the nakedness of the rocks . ” “ Travellers who wish to see all they can of this singular phenomenon , generally sail westward , on the south side of the lake , to the Rock and Den of the Ghost , whose dark recesses , from their gloomy appearance , the imagination of superstition conceived to be the habitation of supernatural beings . In sailing , you discover many arms of the lake ;— here , a bold headland , where black rocks dip into unfathomable water ;— there , the white sand in the bottom of a bay , bleached for ages by the waves . In walking on the north side , the road is sometimes cut through the face of a solid rock , which rises upwards of 200 feet perpendicular above the lake . Sometimes the view of the lake is lost , then it bursts suddenly on the eye , and a cluster of islands and capes appear at different distances , which give them an apparent motion , of different degrees of velocity , as the spectator rides along the opposite beach . At other times his road is at the foot of rugged and stupendous cliffs , and trees are growing where no earth is to be seen . Every rock has its echo ; every grove is vocal , by the melodious harmony of birds , or by the sweet airs of women and children gathering filberts in their season . Down the side of the mountain , after a shower of rain , flow a hundred white streams , which rush with incredible velocity and noise into the lake , and spread their froth upon its surface . On one side , the water-eagle sits in majesty , undisturbed , on his well-known rock , in sight of his nest , on the face of Ben Venue ; the heron stalks among the reeds in search of his prey ; and the sportive ducks gambol on the waters or dive below . On the other , the wild goats climb , where they have scarce ground for the soles of their feet ; and the wild fowl , perched on the trees , or on the pinnacle of a rock , look down with composed defiance at man . In a word , both by land and water , there are so many turnings and windings , so many heights and hollows , so many glens , capes , and bays , that one cannot advance twenty yards without having the prospect changed by the continual appearance of new objects , while others are retiring out of sight . The scene is closed by a west view of the lake , for several miles , having its sides lined with alternate clumps of wood and arable fields , and the smoke rising in spiral columns through the air from villages which are concealed by the intervening woods ; the prospect is bounded by the towering Alps of Arrochar , which are checkered with snow , or hide their heads in the clouds . ” “ In one of the defiles of the Trosachs , two or three of the natives met a band of Cromwell 's soldiers coming to plunder them , and shot one of the party dead , whose grave marks the scene of action , and gives name to the pass . In revenge for this , the soldiers resolved to attack an island in the lake , on which the wives and children of the men had taken refuge . They could not come at it , however , without a boat ; one of the most daring of the party undertook to swim to the island and bring away the boat ; when , just as he was catching hold of a rock to get ashore , a heroine , called Helen Stuart , met him and cut off his head with a sword ; upon which the party , seeing the fate of their comrade , thought proper to withdraw . ” Loch Katrine is about ten miles long , and one broad . Its depth in some parts is nearly 500 feet . Its temperature , at the surface , is 62 °, and at the bottom 40 °. The lake never freezes , and in winter is much resorted to by swans . PORTRAIT-PAINTING . Painters of history make the dead live , and do not live themselves till they are dead , I paint the living , and they make me live .— Sir Godfrey Kneller . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . PRACTICE OF COOKERY , Adapted to the Business of every day Life . By Mrs. Dalgairns . We like the title of this book — there is promise in it , for practice is better than profession in any thing but the law of arrest . We are gross enough too , in our hearts , not to like the name of a professed cook — thank our stars , now nearly forgotten . There is so much science implied in the name , so much theory , than which alone in cookery , at least , nothing is less inviting . We should conceive the intention of this book to bring cookery home to the business of every man 's mouth — his breakfast , luncheon , dinner , and supper practice , and heartily do we wish that all mankind were in a condition to avail themselves of these four quotidian opportunities of testing Mrs. Dalgairns 's book . “ A perfectly original book of Cookery , ” says Mrs. D. “ would neither meet with , nor deserve , much attention ; because , what is wanted in this matter , is not receipts for new dishes , but clear instructions how to make those already established in public favour . ” This reasoning is very just , for none but the most thankless of gourmands , or the gourmet who wished to affect the sorrows of the great man of antiquity ,— would sit down and weep for new worlds of luxury . Good cookery is too rarely understood and practised to justify any such wishes ; and to prove this , let the sceptic go through Mrs. Dalgairns 's 1 , 434 receipts , and then “ tire and begin again . ” Our respected editress assures us that “ every receipt has either been actually tried by the author , or by persons whose accuracy in the various manipulations [ 3 ] could be safely relied on . ” [ 3 ] This is an unlucky word for a cookery book . Why not say operations ? Mrs. D. Mrs. D ! you have not escaped the scientific mania that is mounting from area to attic throughout this country . Such a term as manipulation sounds well enough in Mr. Brande 's laboratory at the Royal Institution , but would be quite out of place in the kitchen of either of the hotels in the same street . A footman might as well study the polarization of light whilst cleaning the drawing-room windows . From a table of contents we learn that among them there are the following methods :— Soups 105 Fish 115 Beef 70 Mutton 31 Veal 60 Gravies , Sauces , & c. 104 Puddings , Pies , and Tarts 263 Creams , Custards , & c. 134 Cakes and Preserves 182 — what more can mortal man desire , “ nay , or women either . ” Appended to them is much valuable information concerning the poultry-yard , dairy , brewery , kitchen-garden , bees , pigs , & c. so as to render this Practice of Cookery a truly useful and treasurable system of domestic management , and a book of matters-of-fact and experience . The subject is too melting — too tempting for us to resist paying this tribute to Mrs. Dalgairns 's volume . “ CLOUDS AND SUNSHINE . ” An appropriate April book , too controversial for extensive quotation in our pages , as the enumeration of its contents will prove . They are half-a-dozen gracefully written sketches , viz . the Gipsy Girl , Religious Offices , Enthusiasm , Romanism , Rashness , and De Lawrence . Half of these papers , as will readily be guessed from their titles , bear upon “ the question , ” and are consequently , as the publishers say , “ not in our way . ” We are , nevertheless , proud to aver that the sentiments of these chapters are highly honourable to the heart of the writer as they are creditable to his good taste and ability . He is , to judge from his book , a good man , one who is not so willing as the majority of us , to let his philanthropy remain “ Like unscour 'd armour , hung by the wall ; ” and we hope the forcible positions of the truths he has here inculcated , will bestir others from their laxity . The most attractive sketches in the series are the Gipsy Girl and De Lawrence . In the latter there are scenes of considerable energy and polish . The hero , a profligate , after abusing all the advantages of fortune , commits a forgery , and is executed . The sympathies of an affectionate wife , in his misery and degradation , tend to heighten the interest , and point the moral of the story ; his last interview with the partner of his woe is admirably drawn , as are some caustic observations on that most disgusting of all scenes — a public execution and its repulsive orgies . We give a portion of the interview , which appears to us to contain some fine touches of deep remorse :— “ Accompanied by her parents and her infant , she alighted at the tavern which adjoined the prison-house . Her father went immediately to arrange for the interview ; which , as the time of execution drew nigh , must take place instantly or not at all . Habited in deep black , which , from the contrast , made the pale primrose of her cheek still paler , entered his drooping wife ; bearing on her bosom , “ cradled on her arm , ” their child , happily unconscious alike of its father 's ignominy — its mother 's sorrows . With uncertain steps she tottered towards him . He advanced to her embrace , at first , with coolness and deliberation ; but when her altered look , on which care had engraven an accusation that smote with the chill of death his guilty heart — her lack-lustre eye — her form almost reduced to a shadow — met his glance , his resolution dissolved before them : the better feelings of his nature , long lulled by habitual vice , and fixed in inertion by the flattering commendations of his spiritual guide , burst forth afresh like a stream long pent up , and overwhelmed him with their gush . He sank upon one knee , and received his wife and child falling into his embrace . His haughty spirit was humbled , was softened . He could have borne her curses with indifference , he could have returned a formal adieu with equal formality — he had expected to encounter a scene , and was made up accordingly : but to look upon her thus — her days gone like a shadow — to witness her sunken eye filled with beamings in which he alone was enshrined — to see her meek and forgiving , whose light heart had been turned to sorrow , whose gay morning dreams had been turned to sad realities , whose confidence had been abused and happiness wrecked ,— all , all by his baseness and treachery :— to behold his forsaken wife , superior to all this , clinging to him for his last farewell , as if she and not himself were the offender , was beyond his expectation . He knew he had merited curses and hate , and he met with affection and tenderness ; his heart yearned — a sensation of admiration for her virtues and constancy came over him , and , ere it had possessed him entirely , it humbled his proud spirit — it undeceived his false expectations . “ My God , I have not deserved this ! ” burst from his swelling heart . A tear , such as he had not shed since he left the paths of innocence , stole down his cheek . Fervently , truly , affectionately , he blessed his wife and child . ” “ They are gone . Was it a vision that had visited his waking dreams ? The spell is dissolved ; he is still on earth , and earthly thoughts and worldly crimes return and weigh down his soul . ” “ The fetters of vice are not broken in a moment ; they may yield sometimes like wax , but they close again , and the link is adamant . His foster-mother came to say her last farewell . He shuddered as she entered . He felt the presence of his evil genius , and wished she had spared him this . This , too , was transient ; her influence , though disarranged by the vision of the last few moments , was not broken . He was again enslaved . The summons for execution was answered by her hysteric sobs and wild ravings , and her loud shrieks rang through the cell as De Lawrence impressed his last kiss . ” The incidents of the previous sketch contain little , if any , extravagance or affectation , and it would be better for men , if we could charge the author of “ Clouds and Sunshine ” with overcolouring the sufferings which await the spendthrift . It is painful to own that such cases are but too common in society . Think of an extravagant man married to an extravagant woman — the mean and contemptible conduct to which they are driven — the insolence and cruelty with which they are baited through large towns , hunted down into an obscure cottage in the country , or chased into exile . Think of the hateful reflections which , sooner or later , must overtake such sufferers — either in their moody solitude in the country , or amidst the forced delights of a crowded city on the continent . In the one all nature is free , whilst the debauchee frowns on her laughing landscapes ; in the other , conscience and her busy devils are at work — yet thousands thus embitter life 's cup , and then repine at their uncheery lot . With such men , all must be Clouds — a winter of discontent — for who will envy their Sunshine . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS NOSES . Observations on the Organ of Scent . By William Wadd , Esq ., F. L. S . “ Non cuicunque datum est habere nasum . ” — MARTIAL . “ I have a nose . ” — PROBY . It has often struck me as a defect in our anatomical teachers , that in describing that prominent feature of the human face , the organ of scent , they generalize too much , and have but one term for the symmetrical arch , arising majestically , or the tiny atom , scarcely equal to the weight of a barnacle — a very dot of flesh ! Nor is the dissimilarity between the invisible functions of the organ , and the visible varieties of its external structure , less worthy of remark . With some , the sense of smelling is so dull , as not to distinguish hyacinths from assafoetida ; they would even pass the Small-Pox Hospital , and Maiden-lane , without noticing the knackers ; whilst others , detecting instantly the slightest particle of offensive matter , hurry past the apothecaries , and get into an agony of sternutation , at fifty yards from Fribourg 's . Shakspeare , who was a minute observer of the anatomical and physiological varieties of the human frame , did not allow this dissimilarity to pass unnoticed ; and , moreover , he starts a query that has never been satisfactorily answered , from his time to the present ; viz . “ Canst thou tell why one 's nose stands i ’ the middle of one 's face ? "[ 4 ] And his nice discrimination about noses extends also to shape and colour .— from the “ Red-nosed innkeeper of Dav'ntry ,"[ 5 ] and the “ Malmsy-nosed knave , Bardolph ,"[ 6 ] to him in Henry V ., “ whose nose was sharp as a pen ! ” [ 4 ] Lear . [ 5 ] 1 Henry IV . iv . 2 . [ 6 ] 2 Henry IV . ii . 1 . This celebrated “ Malmsy-nose ” possessed properties unknown to the same feature now-a-days . It was adapted to practical utility , in its application to domestic purposes , and moral instruction , by that great admirer and competent judge of its virtues , Sir John Falstaff , to whose sheets it did the office of a warming-pan ; [ 7 ] and who made as good use of it as some men do of a death 's head , or a memento mori : “ I never see it , ” said he , “ but I think upon hell fire . ” It stands almost unrivalled in history , and ranks at least with that which gave a cognomen to Ovid , [ 8 ] and the one to which the celebrated violoncello player , Cervetto , owed the sobriquet of Nosey . This epithet reminds me of another nose of theatrical notoriety , whose rubicund tint , when it interfered with the costume of a sober character which its owner was enacting , was moderated by his wife , who , with laudable anxiety to keep down its “ rosy hue , ” was constantly behind the scenes with a powder puff , which she was accustomed to apply , ejaculating , “ ‘ Od rot it , George ! how you do rub your poor nose ! Come here , and let me powder it . Do you think Alexander the Great had such a nose ? ” [ 7 ] Henry V. ii . 1 . [ 8 ] “ Ovidius Naso was the man : and why , indeed , Naso ; but for smelling out the odoriferous flowers of fancy ? ” says Holofernes , the school-master , in Love 's Labour Lost . Nor would I omit to mention one , contemporary almost with the above , by which the public peace was said to be endangered , as recorded by a poet of the day , who states ,— “ Amongst the crowds , not one in ten Ere saw a thing so rare ; Its size surpriseth all the men , Its charms attract the fair . ‘ Tis wonderful to see the folk , Who at the nose do gaze ; All grin and laugh , and sneer and joke , And gape in such amaze . The children , whom the sight doth please , Their little fingers point ; Wishing to give it one good squeeze , And pull it out of joint . ” Much more is said by the poet in its praise ; at last he falls into a moral strain : “ For many , as you may suppose , ‘ Gainst nature loudly bawl ,— That one man should have such a nose , Whilst some have none at all . ” And then concludes with some excellent sentiments :— “ Though ev'ry man 's a nat'ral right To shew a moderate nose , Yet surely ‘ tis a piece of spite To spoil the world 's repose . ‘ Tis wrong t ’ exhibit such a show , Though you may think it fun Yet still , good Sir , you little know What evil it has done . What quarrels have from hence begun ! What anger and what strife ! What blows have pass 'd ‘ tween man and man ! What kicks ‘ tween man and wife ! No longer , then , thyself disgrace , In quest of beauty 's fame ; No longer , then , expose thy face , To get thy nose a name . Take it away , if thou art wise , And keep it safe at home , Amongst thy curiosities Of ancient Greece and Rome . ” Shakspeare would have thought it high treason , for he says ,— “ Down with the nose , take the bridge quite away Of him , that his particular to forefend Smells from the general weal . ” There may have been many other such noses that have escaped observation ,— “ born to blush unseen : ” enough , however , I have here stated of those my recollection furnishes me with at the moment , to establish the fact of variety , and to lead curious physiologists to a scientific classification of this prominent and well-deserving feature of the human face . I would recommend a proper distinction being observed between functional varieties , and those which arise from size , shape , or colour , of which , in a cursory way , may be enumerated first ,— Shape . [ 9 ] Roman . Snub . Flat . Bottle nose , Grecian . Pug . Sharp . Parrotical nose . Colour . Red . Malmsey . Purple . Ruby . Claret . Copper . [ 9 ] Lavater considers the nose as the fulcrum of the brain ; and describes it as a piece of Gothic architecture . “ It is in the nose that the arch of the forehead properly rests , the weight of which , but for this , would mercilessly crush the cheeks and the mouth . ” He enters into the philosophy of noses with diverting enthusiasm , and finally concludes , “ Non cuique datum est habere nasum : ” — it is not every one 's good fortune to have a nose ! A sharp nose has been considered the visible mark of a shrew . Now , what does all this come to ? Cui bono ? A great deal for surgery ; let us examine what may be done ;— we know that noses may be supplied ,— may not , therefore , a small one be enlarged , and a large one made small ? We have seen a person with a bunch of noses , but can only , on the authority of Shakspeare , quote one “ who had a thousand . ” For a great length of time nothing was admired in the world but Roman noses ,— and then not a word was heard about them , till William III . brought them again into fashion . People occasionally possess the power of voluntary action with the muscles of the nose , and can move it horizontally , or to the right and left ,— draw it up or protrude it ,— so as to make it take any position they please . Painters have been provokingly deceived by this stratagem , and have in vain attempted the portraits of such persons , who were able at every instant to produce a new physiognomy . One of the qualifications for the Ugly Club was a nose eminently miscalculated , whether as to length or breadth ,— the thickest skin had preference . Hitherto we have only considered external appearances ; we must now notice its functional and other properties . With some persons , the nose is a sort of barometer ,— a certain state of the atmosphere is invariably announced to them by an agreeable sensation of coldness at the tip . Zimmerman used to draw conclusions , as to a man 's temperament , from his nose ! Not indeed from its size or form , but from the peculiar sensibility of the organ . Cardan considered acuteness of smell as a proof of penetrating genius , and a lively imagination . Haller could distinguish perspiration at ten yards ’ distance . There have been instances on record of blind people who were able to discover colours by the touch ; and deaf and dumb , who could feel sounds by placing their hand upon the speaker 's mouth : this , however , is not more astonishing , than that the sense of smelling should be so acute , as to enable some persons to judge by it the quality of metals . Martial mentions a person , named Mamurra , who consulted only his nose , to ascertain whether the copper that was brought him were true Corinthian . There have been Indian merchants who , if a piece of money were given them , by applying their nose to it , defined its quality to a nicety , without touchstone , balance , or aqua-fortis . Europeans , also , are to be found whose sense of smelling is equally delicate and perfect . Marco-Marci speaks of a monk at Prague , who , when any thing was brought him , distinguished , by its smell , with as much certainty as the best nosed dog , to whom it belonged , or by whom it had been handled . It was also said of him , that he could accurately distinguish , in this manner , the virtuous from the vicious . He was much devoted to the study of natural philosophy ; and , among other things , had undertaken to oblige the world with precepts on the sense of smelling , like those we have on optics and acoustics , by distributing into certain classes a great number of smells , to all of which he had given names ; but an untimely death cut him off in the midst of these curious researches . The guides who accompany travellers on the route from Smyrna or Aleppo , to Babylon , have no other signs in the midst of the deserts , to discover their distance from the place of destination , than the smell of the sand alone , by which they determine with certainty . Perhaps they judge by the odour exhaled from small plants , or roots , intermixed with the sand . Physicians , in visiting the sick , have been known to form a prognostic , before having seen the patient , from the effluvia of the sick-room . Those who are in the habit of visiting the insane , know the peculiar odour that characterises that dire calamity ; and it was remarked of the plague , that it had “ a scent of the flavour of mellow apples . ” It is said that monkeys possess this power of discrimination in a very eminent degree . A story is told of a lady who had a pet of this description , whom she made her constant companion , and who suddenly , without any apparent cause , forsook her , and could not be persuaded to re-enter her chamber . The lady was at that time infected with measles , which shortly after appeared upon her ; but , on her perfect recovery , the monkey returned to her with his usual familiarity . Some time after , the same lady caught cold , and was apparently very ill , but without fever . The monkey , as far as might be judged from his appearance , seemed to condole with his sick mistress , and to understand the difference of her distempers , by the confidence with which he remained in attendance upon her . It has even been said , that the sagacity of some dogs has led them to prognosticate the fatal termination of disease . “ Whilst I lived at Ripon , ” says a learned doctor , “ I took notice of a little dog , of a chestnut colour , that very often boded the death of sick persons , without being once , for aught I could learn , mistaken . Every time he barked in the night under the windows of any one whose sickness did not even appear dangerous , it happened , infallibly , that the sick person died that week . I knew also , ” observes the same author , “ a man bit by a mad dog , who could distinguish his friends at a considerable distance by the smell , before even he could distinguish them by sight . ” So early as the second century , the supplying the deficiency of a lost nose became an object of professional consideration ; and the Greeks gave the name [ Greek : Kolobh ô mata ] , to those who required such an operation . Taliacotius was the first who treated it scientifically ; and , from his time , the art of Addition became one of the branches of surgery ; and , under the title “ De Decoratione , ” formed a very interesting chapter . Although Taliacotius has the credit of bringing the art of nose-making into fashion , and being the first to write on the mode and manner of performing the operation , yet it appears that one Branca had been in the habit of performing it long before , as we learn from an ancient author , whose name must , in this instance , be considered as the highest authority , being no less a person than NOSORENUS . Why the magistracy of Bologna should have conferred the high honour of a statue on Taliacotius it is difficult to understand ,— unless the loss of the nose was of more frequent occurrence than in those days , from the barbarity of warfare and civil punishment ; for an old law of the Lombards assigned the loss of the nose as a punishment for theft ; and the captives in war were equally spoiled for snuff-takers . That this was no uncommon dilemma with Italian gentlemen in the fifteenth century , appears by the style in which a Neapolitan poet writes to the noseless Orpianus :— “ If , ” says he , “ you would have your nose restored , come to me — truly the thing is wonderful . Be assured that , if you come , you may go home again with as much nose as you please . ” It does not , however , appear that the nasal operation made any impression on our ancient English surgeons . Wiseman does not even mention it , though slitting the nose , and cutting off the ears , was a common mode of punishing political delinquents in his time ; and it is said that Prynne , whose ears were cut off , had new ones made , “ à la Taliacotius . ” The fact is , that the operation was misunderstood , and disbelieved , as we know by the jocose manner in which it is alluded to by Butler . It has , however , been successfully revived , and performed , by Mr. Carpue . Connected with the varieties of the organ of scent , is the well-known story of that extraordinary lusus , the Pig-faced Lady .— Brande 's Journal . THE ANECDOTE GALLERY . ARCTIC ADVENTURES . From the Tales of a Voyager . Second Series . THE MORSE , OR SEA HORSE . After a long and tedious interval of misty , dripping weather , we obtained sufficient sun at noon , to find ourselves in latitude 72. 19 ; but a discovery that afforded me most pleasure was the appearance of a sea-horse , lying at some distance from us , on an elevated piece of ice . This animal was first perceived by the captain , from the mast-head , whence he immediately descended , and ordered a boat to be lowered , inviting William and myself to join him in trying to make the monster our prey . When we drew near to its station , it raised its head and displayed one formidable tusk , projecting downwards from its upper jaw towards its breast , whilst part of another , broken by some accident or encounter , offered a less menacing weapon to our view . The beast itself was about the size of a large bullock , and lay upon the ice like a huge mass of animated matter , which seemed to possess no means of locomotion . Its head was disproportionably small to the size of its body , judged according to our usual ideas of the relative difference of bulk between these parts , while its whiskers were evidently larger and stronger than those of any other animal . These singularities gave it a grotesque appearance , not lessened by an approximation in its square short countenance to a caricatured resemblance of the human face , while the half stolid half ferocious stare , with which it regarded us , contributed to render it one of the most strange beings of earthly mould on which I had ever set my eyes . While I was making these observations , we were rapidly advancing towards the object of them , which , seemingly in doubt whether to take our visit in enmity or friendship , continued to gaze at our approach as it lay ( standing not being one of its faculties ) at its full height upon a block of ice , about eight feet above the surface of the sea . It must have climbed this elevation by crawling up one side of the frozen mass , which was shelving and easy of access , by means of its tusks and flippers ; but , whatever was its way of mounting the acclivity , it quickly showed us how it managed to descend ; for , upon a couple of bullets passing through its neck , it gave itself a heave backward , rolled overhead and heels down the slope of the hummock , and was launched violently into the water by the precipitate rush of its heavy body . No sooner did it find itself in its most natural element , than it prepared to dive ; but this manoeuvre had been foreseen , and the stern of the boat was on its back at the moment it was about to disappear , and the captain exerting all his force , after striking the weapon with a sudden plunge against its tough hide , drove the harpoon through its skin , and allowed it to make its vain attempt at escape . It then dived and took out several fathoms of line like a whale , but it soon rose to the surface , and reared its frightful head and shoulders above the waves , with the most threatening aspect of deadly warfare . Evidently eager to revenge itself upon its enemies , the morse began to take hasty strokes towards us , yet in a state of hurry and confusion which impressed us with a belief that the balls had inflicted desperate , if not immediately mortal wounds . Nevertheless , it displayed determination enough to enter into close conflict with its foes , and came on , puffing and snorting , with a savage though bewildered look . Seeing this disposition to assail us , we backed astern ; but before the walrus had made much progress , the guns were reloaded , and another bullet struck it on the head , which sent it down immediately ; however , it quickly appeared again , raising itself high above the water , and looking furiously around for its antagonists . When it perceived our position , it resumed its endeavour to attack us ; but during its approach it stopped short , infirm of purpose , probably exhausted with loss of blood , or growing giddy from the shock of the last ball , and allowed us time to discharge a musket once more , and with fatal effect ; its head dropped suddenly upon the water , and we pulled up and took it in tow . When we had hoisted it on board , a proceeding that required pretty strong tackle and several hands , it was flayed , yielding a hide of extraordinary thickness , lined on the inside with blubber , and scantily covered externally with short reddish brown hair , the greatest part of its skin appearing to have been denuded of this clothing by eruptive blotches , such as I presume disfigure a measly hog . Although incomparably larger , the general contour of its body resembled the figure of a seal ; its frame being of the same description , though differently moulded . It was considerably more bulky in proportion to its length , its chest and back more elevated , its fore flippers thicker and more rounded , and its hind quarters less tapering to the tail . Altogether , it impressed upon the mind a strong idea of a formidable monster , in spite of its relatively diminutive head ; for its fearful tusks , and thick-set projecting whiskers , gave its visage a most truculent expression ; and with its grotesquely fashioned ponderous carcass , provided with fin feet of strange formation , seemed to mark it as a personification of one of the fabulous conceptions of mythology . The morse is said to roar or bellow loudly , but the animal we slew made no outcry , for the half sneezing , half snorting sounds it uttered I conceive to have been the consequence of its hasty dive , which had apparently prevented its taking in sufficient breath , and occasioned it to admit some water down its windpipe . Nevertheless , the immense size of its larynx or thropple , which William dissected out and brought with him to England , seems to indicate vast powers of voice in this animal ; but I am at a loss to conjecture why it should be provided either with this unusual capability of “ blaring , ” or with the exceedingly strong whiskers that arm its muzzle , organs which , though nominally of little or no importance except in Bond-street , must really be of consequence to the walrus , since their roots are imbedded in two thick cushions of tough blubbery substance , so large as to give a marked character to the countenance , and evidently pointing out the growth and nourishment of these whiskers as a matter of some consideration in the eye of nature . SEAL 'S WEDDING . Just as we had made fast to a floe , to take in water from a bright blue pool which slept on its hollow surface , I was called upon deck to witness “ a seal 's wedding . ” This ceremony was performed in a manner which , however nuptial it may have appeared to seamen , was not quite in accordance with my ideas of the hymeneal contract . A “ seal 's wedding ” seems to be a seal 's dance , or a combination of gambols , which these animals act together , while swimming rapidly forward in company , leaping above the surface of the water , rolling , tumbling , going “ tail up ” after each other , and enacting a thousand wild freaks , as unexpected from such grave-looking and clumsy-built harlequins as can be imagined . Yet why should not the solemn visaged , double-chinned phoca partake of one of the most universal habits of animal life — the love of frolic ?— a desire which is equally as diffused throughout the living creation as the inclination for fighting . A shoal or “ school ” of beautiful unicorns also swam past our vessel at this time ; they were particularly large , and , from the numerous horns projected from the water , there must have been many males amongst them . They swim , dive , rise , and blow , much like other whales , throwing up their tails when scared , or when intending to take a deep dive , in the same manner , but exhibiting far greater quickness in foreseeing and avoiding the approach of enemies . No satisfactory use has been assigned for the horn that arms the male narwal , nor should any reason be conjectured for its presence that involves its possessor 's mode of procuring food , since the same necessity would be unprovided for in the female ; yet I have sometimes thought the horn was employed to dislodge the flat-fish , on which the unicorn feeds , from the recesses of the bottom , where they would naturally conceal themselves at the sight of their enemy ; and if the narwal seeks its prey in company , as , from its constant appearance in a shoal , may be concluded , the raking of the horns amidst the weeds and ooze would be as serviceable to the unarmed females as to their gallant consorts . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . OLD LOVE SONG . When the bright God of day Drove to westward his way , And the ev'ning was charming and clear , When the swallows amain , Nimbly skimm 'd o'er the plain , And the shadows like giants appear . In a jessamin bower , When the bean was in flower , And the zephyrs breath 'd odours around , Lovely Coelia she sat , With her song , and spinnet , To charm all the grove with the sound . Rosy bowers she sung , While the harmony rung , And the birds did all flutt'ring arrive , The industrious bees From the flowers and trees , Gently humm 'd with their sweets to the hive . Now the gay god of love , As he flew o'er the grove , By zephyrs conducted along , While she play 'd on the strings , He beat time with his wings , And an echo repeated the song . Oh ye mortals beware How ye venture too near , Love doubly is armed to wound ; From her eyes if you run , You are surely undone If she reach but your ears with the sound . EPITAPH ON A LAWYER . The following inscription is taken from a tomb in St. Pancras churchyard , Middlesex . It is a flat stone , which some years since lay even with the ground , but was , about 1815 , raised on a few tier of bricks , ( to prevent obliteration by footsteps ,) by order of the church-wardens , as I was informed by the grave-digger , and which , no doubt , was done on account of the singularity of the lines . The situation of the tomb is not far from the east corner of the church , a little beyond a lofty tomb with a monument . The inscription , from time , has been much defaced , and the verse is not easily made out by a stranger ; but I have recollected it since about the year 1778 , when it was very perfect . I saw the same in 1817 , and took a copy as under :— “ This stone is inscribed to the memory of Mr. Thomas Abbott , of Swaffham , in the county of Norfolk , attorney-at-law , who died lamented by his friends , ( enemies he had none ,) after a painful and tedious illness , which he bore with patience , resignation , and fortitude becoming a man . Departed this life August the 16th , Anno Domini 1762 , aged 48 . ” “ Here lieth one , ( believe it if you can ,) Who , though an attorney , was an honest man . The gates of heaven for him shall open wide , But will be shut against all the tribe beside . ” T. R . A celebrated gunaiphilist having asked a friend with whom he was walking , if the woman they had just met was not very passable , the other replied , “ Undoubtedly she was , or I had never got by her , while you were with me at least . ” HEBES . A WEDDING . A tragic-comic meeting , compounded of favours , footmen , faintings , farewells , prayers , parsons , plumcakes , rings , refreshments , bottles , blubberings , God bless-ye 's , and gallopings away in a post-chaise and four . CHARADE . A natural production , neither animal , vegetable , nor mineral , neither male nor female , yet often produced between both ; it exists from two to six feet high , is often spoken of in romances , and strongly recommended by precept , example , and Holy Writ .— A kiss . Extempore written during the time some medical pupils were considering how they should remove the heart of a young woman deceased , whom the friends allowed them to open , on condition that they took no part away :— St. Thomas 's pupils , I cannot help grieving , To think it should ever be said , That we , who so oft steal girls ’ hearts whilst they 're living , Should steal them as well when they 're dead . We 're admitted in confidence , and with reliance The friends on our honour depend ; We have given the pledge , then disgrace not the science , By stealing the heart from a friend . E. C . Sir Isaac Newton was , it is well known , extremely fond of employing his leisure hours in fishing . Being one day asked by a fellow-collegian how it happened that so vast a genius could stoop to a pursuit so trifling at the best , replied , “ How is it possible that you should be surprised at my being a lover of the angle ? ” HEBES . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 0 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .