THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 20 , No . 560 ] SATURDAY , AUGUST 4 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . THE ELEPHANTS IN THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS , REGENT 'S PARK . THE ELEPHANT , IN THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS , REGENT 'S PARK . The annexed Engraving will probably afford the reader a better idea of the Zoological Gardens , than did either of our previous Illustrations . It is indeed a fair specimen of the luxurious accommodation afforded by the Society for their animals ; while it enables us to watch the habits of the stupendous tenants in a state of nature , or at least , free from unnecessary restriction or confinement . It is an opportunity hitherto but rarely enjoyed in this country ; the Elephants exhibited in our menageries being caged up , and only allowed to protrude the head outside the bars . The Duke of Devonshire , as our readers may recollect , possessed an Elephant which died in the year 1829 : she was allowed the range of a spacious paddock at Chiswick , but her docility , intelligence , and affection , which were extraordinary , were only witnessed by a few visiters . In the Jardin du Roi , at Paris , the Elephant has long enjoyed advantages proportionate to his importance in the scale of creation . Six years since we remember seeing a fine young specimen in the enjoyment of an ample enclosure of greensward , and a spacious bath has since been added to the accommodations . This example has been rightly followed in our Zoologicai Gardens . The Elephant Stable is at the extremity of the northern garden in the Regent 's Park . It is of capacious dimensions , but is built in a style of unappropriate rusticity . Adjoining the stable is a small enclosure , which the Elephant may measure in two or three turns . Opposite is an enclosure of much greater extent , so as to be almost worthy of the name of a little park or paddock . The fence is of iron , and light but substantial . Within the area are a few lime-trees , the lower branches of which are thinned by the Elephant repeatedly twisting off their foliage with his trunk , as adroitly as a gardener would gather fruit . His main luxury is , however , in his bath , which is a large pool or tank of water , of depth nearly equal to his height . In hot weather he enjoys his ablutions here with great gusto , exhibiting the liveliest tokens of satisfaction and delight . Our artist has endeavoured to represent the noble creature in his bath , though the pencil can afford but an imperfect idea of the extasy of the animal on this occasion . His evolutions are extraordinary for a creature of such stupendous size . His keeper had at first some difficulty in inducing him to enter the pond , but he now willingly takes to the water , and thereby exhibits himself in a point of view in which we have not hitherto been accustomed to view an Elephant in this country . The fondness of Elephants for bathing is very remarkable . When in the water they often produce a singular noise with their trunks . Bishop Heber describes this habit as he witnessed it near Dacca :— “ A sound struck my ear , as if from the water itself on which we were riding , the most solemn and singular I can conceive . It was long , loud , deep , and tremulous , somewhat between the bellowing of a bull and the blowing of a whale , or perhaps most like those roaring buoys which are placed at the mouths of some English harbours , in which the winds make a noise to warn ships off them . ‘ Oh , ’ said Abdallah , ‘ there are Elephants bathing : Dacca much place for Elephant . ’ I looked immediately , and saw about twenty of these fine animals , with their heads and trunks just appearing above the water . Their bellowing it was which I had heard , and which the water conveyed to us with a finer effect than if we had been on shore . ” The Elephant can also eject from his trunk water and dust , and his own saliva , over every part of his body , to cool its heated surface ; and he is said to grub up dust , and blow it over his back and sides , to keep off the flies . There are two Elephants in the Zoological Gardens . Both are of the Asiatic species . The larger animal was purchased by the Society about fifteen months since . It is probably about eleven years old , and is still growing ; and a register of its bulk at various periods has been commenced . The smaller Elephant was presented to the Society by Sir Edward Barnes , late governor of Ceylon . It has been stated to be a dwarf variety , and that its age is not far short of that of the larger individual ; but this assertion is questionable . It is much more consistent with our knowledge of the species to regard it , in the absence of all previous knowledge of the history of the individual , as a young one not exceeding four years old . This specimen will be seen in the distance of the Engraving . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] The new-born Elephant is about three feet long . Between fifteen and twenty years of age , Elephants may be said to be adult . In India it is thought that they live three centuries . The natural history of the Elephant would occupy many pages . A few points , however , are peculiarly interesting in connexion with the individuals from India , in the Zoological Gardens . The Indian Elephant appears , when fully grown , to attain a larger size than the African , the females commonly measuring from seven to eight , and the males from eight to ten , feet in height ; though we find in old accounts the height of the Asiatic Elephant stated at fifteen or sixteen feet . The head of the Indian is more oblong than that of the African Elephant ; and the forehead of the former has a deep concavity , while the head of the African is round and convex in all its parts . The teeth of the Indian species consist of narrow transverse bands of equal size , while those of the African are larger in the middle than at the ends , and are lozenge shaped . The ears of the Asiatic are smaller , and descend only to his neck , while in the African species the ears cover the shoulders . The former has four distinct toes , and the latter but three , on his hind feet . The Elephants of Ceylon are much prized for size , beauty , and hardihood . If the small Elephant in the Gardens be a native of Ceylon , it is by no means a beautiful specimen of the variety . STANZAS ON REVISITING LUDLOW CASTLE . Pale ruin ! once more as I gaze on thy walls , What memories of old , the sad vision recalls , For change o'er thee lightly has past ; Yet what hearts are estrang 'd and what bright hopes are fled , And friends I erst dwelt with now sleep with the dead , Since in childhood I gazed on thee last ! Thine image still rests on the clear stream beneath , And flow'rs as of yore , thy old battlement wreathe , Like rare friends by adversity 's side ; Still clinging aloft , the wild tree I behold That marks in derision , the spot , where of old The standard once floated in pride . But the conqueror , Time , hath thy banner o'erthrown , And crumbled to ruin the courtyards that shone With chivalry 's gorgeous array ; And where music , and laughter so often have rung , In thy tapestried halls , now the ivy hath flung A mantle to hide their decay . Through the hush of thy lone haunts I wander again , Where these time-hallow 'd relics , familiar remain , As if charmed into magic repose ; The pass subterraneous ,— the fathomless well , The mound whence the violet peeps — and the cell Where the fox-glove in solitude grows . In the last rays of sunset thy grey turrets gleam , Yet I linger with thee — as to muse o'er a dream , That mournful truths soon will dispel ; My pathway winds onward — life 's cares to renew , And I feel , as thy towers now fade from my view , ‘ Tis for over — I bid thee farewell ! E. L. J . THE NOVELIST . THE HUNTSMAN . A Traditionary Tale : by Miss M. L . Beevor . “ The merciful man is merciful to his beast . ” “ The worm we tread upon will turn again . ” Charles , the chief huntsman of Baron Mortimer , was undeniably a very handsome young man , the beau ideal of the lover , as pictured by the glowing imagination of maidens , and the beau real of a dozen villages in the vicinity of Mortimer Castle . Yet , was his beauty not amiable , but rather calculated to inspire terror and distrust , than affection and confidence : in fact , a bandit may be uncommonly handsome ; but , by the fierce , haughty character of his countenance , the fire which flashes from his eyes , and the contempt which curls his mustachoed lip , create fear , instead of winning regard , and this was the case with Charles . One , however , of those maidens , unto whom it was the folly and vanity of his youth to pay general court , conceived for him a passion deep and pure , which in semblance , at least , he returned ; but how far to answer his own nefarious purposes , for Charles Elliott was a godless young man , we shall hereafter discover . Annette Martin was the daughter of a small farmer who resided about a mile and a half from the Castle ; but , being the tenant of Lord Mortimer , had not only frequent occasion to go thither himself with the rural produce of his farm , ( for which the Castle was a ready market ,) but also to send Annette . Thus then commenced that innocent girl 's acquaintance with the Baron 's chief huntsman , not long after Elliott 's induction into that office , by the resignation of his superannuated predecessor . Strange rumours were afloat respecting the conduct of Charles ; none of which , it is to be presumed , met the Baron 's ears , or assuredly the deprivation of his office would have followed . But Lord Mortimer was a young man , paying his addresses to a lady who lived at some distance from the Castle , and consequently much absent from it . And , what said pretty Annette to the rumours which failed not to meet her ear , of her lover 's misconduct ? “ I do n't believe a word of them ! Charles may be fonder of pleasure than of business , but he is a young man ; by and by he will see and feel the necessity of steady application to the duties of his situation , and become less wild and more manly . ” “ NEVER ! ” would be solemnly enunciated by Annette 's auditors . “ As to the charge , ” would she undauntedly continue , “ brought against him of cruelty to the dogs under his care , it is an abominable falsehood ; Elliott may be passionate , I do n't say he is not , but he is generous and humane . I have never seen him scourge the hounds , as you tell me he does , until blood drops from their mangled hides ; I have never heard the cries which , you say , resound from their kennels day and night ; cries of pain and hunger . ” “ And have you never seen , ” would ask some well-meaning tale-bearer , “ any of those poor brutes , whose wealed and mangled coats , proclaimed how savagely they had been treated ? ” “ I have indeed seen , ” would answer Annette , “ dogs lacerated by the wild boars with which the Castle forests abound . ” “ And have you never observed the miserable skin-and-bone plight of my lord 's hounds ? ” “ They are not thinner , Charles says , than most hounds in good training : when dogs get fat , they become lazy , lose the faculty of finding game , and the inclination of bringing it down . ” “ Dogs it is true , ought not to be pampered and surfeited , but they ought to be fed . ” Upon this , Annette would vehemently maintain that fed they were , and amply , as she had seen Elliott cut up their meat ; whilst the friendly newsmonger would charitably hint , that her intended knew as well as most men how to turn an honest penny , by cheating the dogs of their food , and selling it elsewhere . Annette cared little for inuendos which she attributed chiefly to malice and ill-nature . None are so difficult to convince as those who are obstinately deaf to conviction , and there is an idolatry of affection which sometimes burns fonder and deeper , as its object is contemned and despised by the world . Annette had also some idea , that these , and other reports to the prejudice of Charles , originated with an unsuccessful rival , though poor William Curry , amiable , single-minded , and good-humoured as he was , never breathed in her presence , a syllable to the disparagement of Elliott . Time sped , and upon an occasion when Lord Mortimer returned for a week or two to his Castle , the conduct of his chief huntsman was reported to him ; but Charles with consummate art , so vindicated himself , and so contrived to disgrace his accusers , that when the young baron again left home , he stood higher perhaps than ever , in his confidence and favour . It was the bright summer-time , the period when rural folks make holiday , ( at least they did so then , but times have strangely altered of late in once merry England ,) the woods put on their brightest green , and the people their finest clothes , for there were wakes , fairs , and rustic meetings innumerable in the vicinity of the Castle . Charles the huntsman might , as usual , be seen at these f ê tes for nothing , but after his late victory , he carried his head higher , assumed a swaggering gait , and looked his neighbours out of countenance with impudent defiance . The village feasts were not yet over , when late one night , a cavalier , passing through one of the great forests which surrounded Mortimer Castle , beheld , ( for it was a moon-light night ,) a female form slowly sauntering about the bridle-way in which he was riding , and uttering heavy moans and sobs . At first , taking this figure for something supernatural , the traveller was startled , but quickly recovering himself , he rode boldly up to , and addressed , the object of his idle fears :— “ I have been waiting here for hours , ” replied the young woman , for such indeed she was , “ and my friend is not yet come ; I am sadly afraid , sir , some accident may have happened to him . ” “ Him ! ” quoth the stranger laughing , “ O my good girl , if you be waiting for a gentleman , no wonder you 're disappointed . He has played you false , rely upon it , and wo n't come to night ,— so you 'd better go home . ” “ O sir ! O my Lord !— I cannot — I dare not ! What would father and mother say ? and what could I say ? ” “ Ay — Annette ,— Annette Martin ,— what could you say ? ” “ Only the truth , your lordship ; ” replied the poor girl sobbing , and curtseying , “ and then they 'd turn me out of doors , for they do so hate Charles ,— Charles Elliott , your honour ,— that they 've as good as sworn , as they 'll never consent to my marrying him , and so — and so — I was just a waiting here to-night for him to come as he promised he would , and take me away to the far off town , and ” — “ And there marry you , I suppose , without your father and mother 's consent :— eh , Annette ? ” “ Yes , my lord , an please you , ” replied the poor girl with another rustic dip . “ No , Annette , ” replied the young baron , “ it does not quite please me ; and Charles , at any rate , unless some very unforeseen circumstance should have detained him , shall know what I think of his present conduct to you . But come ,— mount behind me ,— I am unexpectedly returning to the Castle , Dame Trueby shall there make you comfortable for to-night , your parents and friends shall never know but that your absence from home was occasioned by a regular visit to her , and your marriage in two or three days , with my sanction , Annette , will , I think , completely settle matters . ” The urbane young baron alighting , assisted Annette to mount his noble steed , who , though overwhelmed by his kindness , refused to listen to all the consolation , or banterings , with which he endeavoured to cheer her on her way to Castle Mortimer , choosing rather to believe that some dreadful accident had befallen her lover , than that carelessness , or perfidy , caused his absence . Dame Trueby 's account was little calculated to soothe Annette 's anxiety , or to satisfy Lord Mortimer respecting Elliott 's proceedings . “ I have not seen Charles , ” said she , “ since early this morning , when I heard him say he was going to feed the hounds , poor creatures ! and time enough that he did , I think , considering that he left them without a morsel for a whole day and night , whilst he was capering away at Woodcroft Feast ; and then ,— the beast !— what does he , but comes back so dead drunk that we were forced to carry him up to bed ; meanwhile , the hungry brutes , poor dumb souls , just ready to eat one another , have been fit to raise the very dead with their barking , and ramping , and yowling ! ” “ A sad account is this , Margery . ” “ A very true one , please your lordship , ” replied the old housekeeper , testily . “ I do n't doubt it , ” returned Lord Mortimer , “ but cannot at this time of night , dame , with Charles absent , and this young woman , his intended wife , wanting some refreshment and a bed ( for which indeed I have ample need myself ) , make any inquiry into the affair . Let Elliott call me in the morning instead of More , do you meanwhile make this young woman as comfortable as you can , and recollect , Mrs. Trueby , that she is come to the Castle upon a visit to you . ” Margery curtseyed , and “ yessed , ” and “ very welled , ” with apparent submission , but though she dared not express her thoughts , it was easy to read in her ample countenance , sad suspicions relative to the honour of her noble master , and of the forlorn damsel thus thrust upon her peculiar hospitality . “ And , ” continued Lord Mortimer , “ Charles , you are sure , fed the dogs this morning ? ” “ Do n't know , my lord , I 'm sure , ” replied the old housekeeper , doggedly , “ I suppose he did , and belike beat ‘ em too ; I only know they 've been quiet all day , which , it stands to reason , they would n't have been without wittals ; but Master Elliott , I 've not seen since . ” “ Not since early this morning , and ‘ tis now midnight ! Where can he be ? ” “ The Lord knows , sir ! after no good I doubt , for he 's a wild lad , and these fairs and dances , fairly turn his brain . ” Little further passed that night between the young lord and his housekeeper ; after taking some refreshment he retired to rest , and poor Annette also sought , under the auspices of circumspect Mistress Margery , repose in Castle Mortimer , little anticipating the singularly dreadful disclosure of the ensuing morning . Charles , in fact , not having returned , one of the inferior serving-men ,— who durst not , now that his master was at home , stand upon the punctilio of “ not my business , ” undertook soon after dawn to “ see to the hounds , ” in his stead ; when upon opening the door of the large enclosure in which they were kept , he there beheld , to his unutterable consternation and horror , the mangled remnants of the careless and cruel Huntsman : these consisted of his clothes , torn into strips , and dyed in blood , with fragments sufficient of flesh and bone to attest the hideous fact , that the ravenous brutes , had , after their last long fast , sprung upon their tormentor , ( awful retribution !) even at the very moment when he appeared amongst them with their long delayed meal , torn him in pieces , and devoured him ! Lord Mortimer , though , he could not in conscience blame his canine favourites , nor forbear regarding his huntsman 's fate as a signal instance of the retributive justice of Providence , felt himself obliged to destroy the whole pack , after their ferocious banquet on human flesh ; and with tears in his eyes , he forced himself to witness their execution , lest the cupidity or misjudging kindness of any of his retainers , should induce them to mitigate the culprits ’ doom . The horrid story spread far and wide , and one of its earliest results was the appearance at Castle Mortimer of a poor woman and three young children , who stated in an agony of grief , that she was the lawful wife of the deceased Charles Elliott , whom he had maintained in a distant town , unto whom his visits , when off duty at the Castle , and absent without leave , were sometimes paid , and who , with her children , being suddenly bereaved by his awful demise of their sole hope and support , now humbly threw themselves upon the benevolence of Lord Mortimer for employment and subsistence ! The grief and confusion of poor Annette Martin , upon this discovery of black villany meditated against her by the unprincipled huntsman , and upon its miraculous and awful frustration , may be imagined : yet had it also its beneficial influence ; for , whilst shuddering at the fearful end of the wretch who had plotted her destruction , her once fond affection was converted into bitter hatred ; and , ere long , blessing and thanking God for her miraculous preservation , and casting the very memory of the deceiver from her heart , she was without much difficulty persuaded to become the wife of William Curry , her once rejected , but really worthy and amiable admirer . MANNERS AND CUSTOMS . PORTUGAL . ( Abridged chiefly from the Rev . Mr. Kinsey 's “ Portugal Illustrated . ” ) Spaniards and Portuguese .— “ Strip a Spaniard of all his virtues , and you make a good Portuguese of him , ” says the Spanish proverb . I have heard it said more truly , “ Add hypocrisy to a Spaniard 's vices , and you have the Portuguese character . ” These nations blaspheme God by calling each other natural enemies . Their feelings are mutually hostile ; but the Spaniards despise the Portuguese , and the Portuguese hate the Spaniards .— Southey . Portugal .— Situated by the side of a country just five times its size , Portugal , but for the advantageous position of its coast , the good faith of England , and the weakness of its hostile neighbour , impassable roads , and numerous strong places , would long since have returned to the primitive condition of an Iberian province ; but its separate existence as a nation has been preserved to it by the strength of the British alliance being brought into a glorious co-operation with all its own internal means of defence .— Kinsey . Column of Disgrace .— About the middle of the last century , the Duke of Aviero was detected in a conspiracy with the Jesuits in Portugal , and accordingly executed . His house , at Belem , was levelled to the ground at the time of the Duke 's decapitation , and on the site was erected a column of disgrace , which still remains , though some shops have been erected beside it to hide the inscription ; a just symbol of the conduct of the nation on this subject , for what they cannot alter they strive to conceal . Over the proscenium of the opera-house at Lisbon is a large clock placed rather in advance , whose dexter supporter is old Time with his scythe , and the sinister , one of the Muses playing on a lyre . A Lisbon Dandy .— A small , squat , puffy figure incased within a large pack-saddle , upon the back of a lean , high-boned , straw-fed , cream-coloured nag , with an enormously flowing tail , whose length and breadth would appear to be each night guarded from discolouration by careful involution above the hocks . Taken , from his gridiron spurs and long pointed boots , up his broad , blue-striped pantaloons , à la Cossaque , to the thrice-folded piece of white linen on which he is seated in cool repose ; thence by his cable chain , bearing seals as large as a warming-pan , and a key like an anchor ; then a little higher to the figured waistcoat of early British manufacture , and the sack-shapened coat , up to the narrow brim sugar-loaf hat on his head ,— where can be found his equal ? Nor does he want a nose as big as the gnomon of a dial-plate ; and two flanks of impenetrable , deep , black brushwood , extending under either ear , and almost concealing the countenance , to complete the singular contour of his features . A Lisbon Water-carrier earns about sixpence per day , the moiety of which serves to procure him his bread , his fried sardinha from a cook 's stall , and a little light wine perhaps , on holidays ,— water being his general beverage , nay , one might almost say , his element . A mat in a large upper room , shared with several others , serves him in winter as a place of repose for the night ; but during the summer he frequently sleeps out in the open air , making his filled water-barrel his pillow . Vanity .— A young Lisbon dandy hearing an Englishman complain of the intolerable filth and stench of his metropolis , retorted that , for his part , when he was in London , it was the absence of that filth , and the want of the smells complained of , that had rendered his residence in our metropolis so disagreeable and uncomfortable to him . “ No passion , ” as Southey says , “ makes a man a liar so easily as vanity . ” Dogs .— In Lisbon dogs seem to luxuriate under the violence of the heat , and to avoid the shady sides of the streets , though the thermometer of Fahrenheit be at 110 degrees ; and scarcely an instance of canine madness is ever known to occur . When the French decreed the extinction of the tribe of curs that infest the streets , no native executioner could be found to put the exterminating law in force ; nay , the very measure excited popular indignation . Golden Sands .— Perhaps originally it was the fabled gold of the Tagus which attracted Jews to Lisbon in such numbers , and the general persuasion indeed is , that the yellow sands of this royal river did actually once produce sufficient gold to make a magnificent crown and sceptre for the amiable hands of that patriot sovereign , the good king Denis . A Dinner .— A dish of yellow-looking bacalhao , the worst supposable specimen of our saltings in Newfoundland ; a platter of compact , black , greasy , dirty-looking rice ; a pound , if so much , of poor half-fed meat ; a certain proportion of hard-boiled beef , that has never seen the salting pan , having already yielded its nutritious qualities to a swinging tureen of Spartan soup , and now requiring the accompaniment of a satellite tongue , or friendly slice of Lamego bacon , to impait a dull relish to it ; potatoes of leaden continuity ; dumplings of adamantine contexture , that Carthaginian vinegar itself might fail to dissolve ; with offensive vegetables , and something in a round shape , said to be imported from Holland , and called cheese , but more like the unyielding rock of flint in the tenacity of its impenetrable substance ; a small quantity of very small wine ; abundance of water ; and an awful army of red ants , probably imported from the Brazils — the wood of which the chairs and tables are made , hurrying across the cloth with characteristic industry ;— such are the principal features of the quiet family dinner-table of the Portuguese . The Dockyard of Lisbon is scarcely as extensive as many of the largest of our private ship-builders on the banks of the Thames and the Avon . Funerals .— In Portugal the corpse is placed in an open coffin , and the head and feet are left bare . A vessel filled with holy water is placed at the foot of the bier , which the priests and relatives of the deceased sprinkle on the body . The service being concluded , the corpse is followed by the relatives down into the vaults below the church , where vinegar and quick lime having been poured upon the body , the falling lid of the coffin is closed and locked , and the key delivered to the chief mourner , who proceeds immediately from the funeral , with his party of friends who have witnessed the interment take place , to the house of the defunct , where the key being left with the nearest relative , and the complimentary visit being paid , the rite is considered as terminated . No fire is lighted in the house of a deceased person upon the day of his funeral , and the relatives , who live in separate houses , are in the habit of supplying a ready-dressed dinner , under the supposition that the inmates are too much absorbed in grief to be equal to giving any orders for the preparation of food . During the course of the ensuing week , the chief mourners receive their several relatives and friends at tea . The assembly is sorrowful and dull . It has been asserted , though not corroborated , that such is the poverty and disregard of decorum on the part of the Portuguese government , that when a person dies without leaving behind sufficient to defray the expenses of his funeral , the dead body is laid on the pavement of the most public street , with a box upon the breast , into which passers-by drop copper or silver coin , until sufficient has thus been obtained to defray the expense of interment ; and that a soldier stands at the head of the body to see that no money is abstracted ; for , in Portugal , even the sacred purpose for which it is intended would not secure it without his protection . There is no pardoning soi-disant liberaux , who prove , by their acts , the greatest enemies of the sacred dignity of liberty . PUNISHMENT OF DEATH . Decollatio , or beheading , was a military punishment among the Romans . In early times it was performed with an axe , and afterwards with a sword . It is worthy of remark , that in all countries where beheading and hanging are used as capital punishments , the former is always considered less ignominious . Thus , in England , beheading is the punishment of nobles , when commoners for the same crime are hanged . The crime of high treason is here punished with beheading . Commoners , however , are hanged before the head is cut off , and nobles also , unless the king remits that part of the punishment . In Prussia , formerly a nobleman could not be hanged ; and if his crime was such that the law required this punishment , he was degraded before the execution . At present , hanging is not used in that country , and since so many instances have occurred of extreme suffering , on the part of the criminal , caused by the unskilfulness of the executioner in beheading with the sword , this mode of execution has been abolished . Beheading in Prussia is now always performed with a heavy axe , the sufferer being previously tied to a block . In France , during the revolutionary government , beheading by means of a machine , the guillotine , came into use , and still prevails there , to the exclusion of all other modes of capital punishment . A person who has murdered his father or mother , however , has his right arm cut off the moment before he is guillotined . In the middle ages , it was , in some states , the duty of the youngest magistrates to perform the executions with the sword . In China , it is well known that beheading is practised , sometimes accompanied with the most studied torments . In the United States of America , beheading is unknown , the halter being the only instrument of capital punishment . In many European countries , beheading with the sword still prevails . P . PRICE OF BLOOD .— WERE AND WERELADE . Were , or Wera , in our old law books , signifies what was anciently paid for killing a man . When such crimes were punished with pecuniary mulets , not death , the price was set on every man 's head , according to his condition and quality . Werelade , among the Saxons , was the denying of a homicide on oath , in order to be quit of the fine , or forfeiture , called were . If the party denied the fact , he was to purge himself , by the oaths of several persons , according to his degree and quality . If the guilt amounted to four pounds , he was to have eighteen jurors on his father 's side , and four on his mother 's : if to twenty-four pounds , he was to have sixty jurors , and this was called werelade . Weregild , or Weregeld , was the price of a man 's head ; which was paid partly to the king for the loss of his subject , partly to the lord whose vassal he was , and partly to the next of kin . “ In the same manner ( says Blackstone ,) by the Irish brehon law , in case of murder , the brehon or judge , compounded between the murderer and the friends of the deceased , who prosecuted him , by causing the malefactor to give unto them , or to the child or wife of him that was slain , a recompense , which they called eriach . And thus we find in our Saxon laws , particularly those of King Athelstan , the several weregilds for homicide , established in progressive order , from the death of the ceorl or peasant , up to that of the king himself . ” The weregild of an archbishop , and of an earl , was 15 , 000 thrismas ; that of a bishop or alderman , 8 , 000 ; that of a general or governor , 4 , 000 ; that of a priest or thane , 2 , 000 ; that of a king , 30 , 000 ; half to be paid to his kindred , and the other half to the public . The weregild of a ceorl was 266 thrismas . P. T. W . LORD HIGH CHANCELLOR OF ENGLAND . The second great officer of the crown is the Lord High Chancellor , or Keeper of the Great Seal , which are the same in authority , power , and precedence . They are appointed by the King 's delivery of the Great Seal to them , and by taking the oath of office . They differ only in this point , that the Lord Chancellor hath also letters patent , whereas the Lord Keeper hath none . He is an officer of very great power ; as no patents , writs , or grants , are valid , until he affixes the Great Seal thereto . Among the many great prerogatives of his office , he has a power to judge , according to equity , conscience , and reason , where he finds the law of the land so defective as that the subject would be injured thereby . He has power to collate to all ecclesiastical benefices in His Majesty 's gift , rated under 20l . a year in the King 's books . In ancient times , this great office was most usually filled by an ecclesiastic . The first upon record after the Conquest , is Maurice , in 1067 , who was afterward Bishop of London . Nor do we find an elevation of any Chancellor to the Peerage , until the year 1603 , when King James I. delivered a new Great Seal to Sir Thomas Egerton , and soon after created him Baron of Ellesmere , [ 2 ] and constituted him Lord High Chancellor of England . But until of late years , the custom never prevailed , that the Lord High Chancellor of England should he made an hereditary Peer of the realm . He performs all matters which appertain to the Speaker of the House of Lords , whereby he maybe said to be the eye , ear , and tongue of that great assembly .— Manual of Rank and Nobility . [ 2 ] From him descended the late Dukes of Bridgewater of that surname . NEW BOOKS . LETTERS ON NATURAL MAGIC . ( This is certainly one of the most ingenious books of the season , and independently of its place as a volume of the Family Library , it has substantive claims which we trust will not he overlooked . It is from the graceful pen of Sir David Brewster , who possesses , in a high degree , the peculiar talent of investing scientific inquiries with the charm of popular delight ; in short , of making science easy , and often conveying in a single chapter what others labour to effect in a volume . He , in truth , teaches us the sweet uses of science . The present work appears to be the suggestion of Sir Walter Scott , to whom it is addressed in letters . We can give but a faint idea of the extent and interest of its subject , which ranges from the magic of the ancients to the intoxicating gas of the moderns ; yet the purpose of the work is mainly to trace the connexion of those prodigies of the material world which are termed Natural Magic , with scientific causes . Thus , in the introductory letter , the writer observes on the resources of ancient magic :—) The secret use which was thus made of scientific discoveries and of remarkable inventions , has no doubt prevented many of them from reaching the present times ; but though we are very ill informed respecting the progress of the ancients in various departments of the physical sciences , yet we have sufficient evidence that almost every branch of knowledge had contributed its wonders to the magician 's budget , and we may even obtain some insight into the scientific acquirements of former ages , by a diligent study of their fables and their miracles . ( In the second letter , upon Ocular Illusions , is the following beautiful passage on the Eye :—) This wonderful organ may be considered as the sentinel which guards the pass between the worlds of matter and of spirit , and through which all their communications are interchanged . The optic nerve is the channel by which the mind peruses the hand-writing of Nature on the retina , and through which it transfers to that material tablet its decisions and its creations . The eye is consequently the principal seat of the supernatural . When the indications of the marvellous are addressed to us through the ear , the mind may be startled without being deceived , and reason may succeed in suggesting some probable source of the illusion by which we have been alarmed . But when the eye in solitude sees before it the forms of life , fresh in their colours and vivid in their outline ; when distant or departed friends are suddenly presented to its view ; when visible bodies disappear and reappear without any intelligible cause ; and when it beholds objects , whether real or imaginary , for whose presence no cause can be assigned , the conviction of supernatural agency becomes under ordinary circumstances unavoidable . Hence it is not only an amusing but an useful occupation to acquire a knowledge of those causes which are capable of producing so strange a belief , whether it arises from the delusions which the mind practises upon itself , or from the dexterity and science of others . ( The Optical phenomena , as might be expected , are most abundant , as they include the subject of spectral illusions and apparitions , and natural phenomena marked with the marvellous . The properties of Sound are next in interest ; among them we find explained the wonder of singers breaking glasses with their great power of voice ; the automaton flute-player , talking engines , echoes , & c. The Mechanical causes are less numerous : among them we are glad to see noticed the feat of lifting heavy persons , which we ourselves have often seen accomplished ; but Sir David Brewster does not supply the cause . As the matter may be new to many readers , we quote the two relating pages .) One of the most remarkable and inexplicable experiments relative to the strength of the human frame , which you have yourself seen and admired , is that in which a heavy man is raised with the greatest facility , when he is lifted up the instant that his own lungs and those of the persons who raise him are inflated with air . This experiment was , I believe , first shown in England a few years ago by Major H ., who saw it performed in a large party at Venice under the direction of an officer of the American Navy . As Major H. performed it more than once in my presence , I shall describe as nearly as possible the method which he prescribed . The heaviest person in the party lies down upon two chairs , his legs being supported by the one and his back by the other . Four persons , one at each leg , and one at each shoulder , then try to raise him , and they find his dead weight to be very great , from the difficulty they experience in supporting him . When he is replaced in the chair , each of the four persons takes hold of the body as before , and the person to be lifted gives two signals by clapping his hands . At the first signal he himself and the four lifters begin to draw a long and full breath , and when the inhalation is completed , or the lungs filled , the second signal is given , for raising the person from the chair . To his own surprise and that of his bearers , he rises with the greatest facility , as if he were no heavier than a feather . On several occasions I have observed that when one of the bearers performs his part ill , by making the inhalation out of time , the part of the body which he tries to raise is left as it were behind . As you have repeatedly seen this experiment , and have performed the part both of the load and of the bearer , you can testify how remarkable the effects appear to all parties , and how complete is the conviction , either that the load has been lightened , or the bearer strengthened by the prescribed process . At Venice the experiment was performed in a much more imposing manner . The heaviest man in the party was raised and sustained upon the points of the fore-fingers of six persons . Major H. declared that the experiment would not succeed if the person lifted were placed upon a board , and the strength of the individuals applied to the board . He conceived it necessary that the bearers should communicate directly with the body to be raised . I have not had an opportunity of making any experiments relative to these curious facts ; but whether the general effect is an illusion , or the result of known or of new principles , the subject merits a careful investigation . ( In connexion with walking along the ceiling is noticed the beautiful contrivance of the foot of the house-fly and gecko , and the head of the sucking-fish . To the next portion , Chemistry has supplied fewer wonders than we expected : they occupy but fifty pages . The examples in this book are the most quotable portion , but the majority of them would be new to few readers : who , for instance , is unacquainted with the feats of Topham , the strong man , or the Invisible Girl . The explanations are not so easily transferable , since they are generally accompanied by illustrations . By the way , how many of these wonders are recorded in the early volumes of the Philosophical Transactions , with all the gravity of the FF. R. S . whose zeal , industry , and emulation rendered the early years of the Society peculiarly brilliant . The very titles of some of the early papers would make a “ wonderful museum ; ” as Four Suns observed in France — Worms that eat Stones and Mortar — which are almost as marvellous as one of Sir David Brewster 's lines — a coach and four filled with skeletons . The Royal Society has now existed a century and three-quarters : in their early Transactions are inquiries relative to the tides — observations on the darting threads of spiders — “ experiments about respiration ” — “ of red snow seen at Genoa , ” & c .; yet scores of philosophers , at the present moment , are controverting these very subjects .) PILGRIMAGE THROUGH KHUZISTAN AND PERSIA . ( This is not just so good a work as its full title-page may lead the reader to expect . It runs thus “ Fifteen Months ’ Pilgrimage through untrodden tracts of Khuzistan and Persia , in a journey from India to England , through parts of Turkish Arabia , Persia , Armenia , Russia , and Germany . ” Now , there is attractive promise in the word “ untrodden , ” and it may be said to apply to the Asiatic tour of the author , or his first volume , but is not appropriate to the second , which owes its main interest to his interview with Skryznecki , the illustrious Pole . Neither is the term pilgrimage characteristic of the journey , which has the sketchiness and levity of a flying tour rather than the observant gravity of a patient pilgrimage . Nevertheless , the work is altogether full of vivacity and interest , and the author , Mr. J. H . Stocqueler , must be as pleasant on his travels , as his book will be in our hands . Crossing from Bombay , the author reached Muscat in eleven days . Here , with his host , Reuben , he paid his respects to his highness the Imaum , whose court is a curiosity .) The Imaum 's palace was close to the water 's edge in front of the town , and his highness received Reuben and myself in an arbour or veranda open to the sea . At the entrance to the veranda stood several well dressed Arabs armed with sword , spear , and dagger , and half a dozen dirty looking Abyssinians clothed somewhat like the sepoys in our Indian army , and equipped much after the same fashion . These latter , as I understood , were paraded in honour of my visit ; and indeed generally form the garde du corps on occasions of an Englishman 's presentation at the Court of Muscat . The Imaum rose on our entrance and accommodated us with chairs , and after we had been served with some insipid sherbet , addressed himself to me on the subject of my journey , its object and direction ; and then touched on the politics of Europe . Our interview closed by his highness offering me the use of his horses , his houses , and his ships of war , the cabins of which afforded excellent accommodation , and which were generally occupied by English visiters . The Imaum of Muscat is passionately fond of horses , and devotes considerable time and attention to their breeding . Of some of the finest horses in his stud , the Imaum makes presents to the governors of the Indian presidencies , and deserving officers in his own service . Horses likewise form an article of trade between Muscat and India , and yield , as I have been told , a considerable profit . ( Intellect is not on the march at Bushire . It contains a small school founded by the famous Joseph Wolff , and supported by the British residents in Persia . Mr. Wolff projected much ; but Mr. Stocqueler says :) The school possessed , while I was at Bushire , no more than thirteen pupils , who were struggling through the rudiments of the Persian and Armenian languages , under the guidance of a sleepy old Armenian . ( At Koete , our author visited three brothers , “ all dressed alike and so much resembling each other in feature , and in the total loss of the left eye , that it was difficult to discover my friend the supercargo , who had accompanied us from Bombay . ” Koete is about a mile long , and a quarter of a mile broad . The houses are built of mud and stone , and flat roofed with the trunk of the date tree . Around it is a wall , beyond which nothing is to be seen but a vast sandy plain , extending more than sixty miles . Within the walls , it is equally sterile , it literally yields nothing ; here , “ all is barren , ” and the water is far from sweet , yet 4 , 000 souls live , though the sheikh keeps up no standing army . Mr. S. sails thence into the Shut-ul-Arab , [ River of the Arabs ,] the banks of which are more delightful than those of the Thames at Richmond . At Bussorah — a bain à la Turque .) Entering the hummaum , I found myself suddenly in an apartment resembling a vaulted cellar , dimly lighted by small apertures , and glazed sky-lights in the dome . Stone and brick benches , covered with cloths and coarse carpets , were ranged along the walls , and there was a fireplace where coffee and chibouks were prepared , and cloths dried . Having been required to strip , and a cloth tied round my waist , I was led into a second apartment filled with steam , and of so high a temperature , that in one instant I lost my breath , and in the next was streaming from every pore . I anticipated a speedy dissolution of my “ solid flesh ; ” but on reaching a third apartment , ( all vaulted and lighted , or rather darkened alike ,) I had become somewhat relieved . In this apartment were four cisterns nearly level with the floor , into which the hot water was drawn by cocks placed in the wall above . As soon as I had decided that the water was hot enough , I was placed by the side of one of the cisterns , and then the operation commenced . Act 1 .— Deluged with hot water from the hands of a stout Persian . Act 2 .— Conducted by said Persian to a stone ottoman in the centre of the room , and caused to sit down . Act 3 .— My whole body kneaded by the fists of the aforesaid ; joints cracked , ears pulled , mustachoes dyed , limbs rubbed with a hair-cloth glove . Act 4 .— Enveloped in warm towels , and served with a pipe . Act 5 .— Wiped dry ; led into the outer apartment dressed and — Exit . ( Starting from Bussorah , the author is towed up the Euphrates as follows .) As soon as we had got out of the creek , we found both wind and tide had set against us . The mallahs , or trackers , immediately stripped , placing their clothes on their heads , and sprang on shore . A rope was passed from the mast-head to a girdle round their respective bodies , and off they set along the banks ; sometimes , on reaching creeks , irrigating channels , or unequal projections , plunging up to their necks , and wading or swimming with their burthen , as the depth or shallowness of the water required . In this way all the communication up the Tigris and Euphrates is carried on when the wind blows down those rivers . The business of tracking as may be conceived , is extremely fatiguing and dangerous : in fact , so excellent a test does it furnish of the muscular powers and courage of man , that the heads of the Mallah tribes require that each Mallah should make three trips to Bagdad , as a tracker , before he can be qualified for the married state and the care of a family . ( The plague rages at Bagdad , and he returns to Bussorah . On his way he escapes a storm on the Euphrates .) The river , which does not ordinarily rise until the month of June , now rose with inconceivable rapidity , preceded by a violent storm , and in a few hours inundated the whole Ir â k . Numberless villages of matted huts were swept away ; men , women , and children , were in a moment rendered houseless ; numerous cattle and sheep were drowned ; date trees torn up by the roots , and boats swamped or stranded . The artificial banks of the river , which had governed our progress upwards , were now overflowed , and it was with the greatest difficulty we could discover the river 's bed and escape getting aground . ( At Bussorah .) Intelligence of the approach of the plague had spread consternation throughout the city , and had sent thousands of its inhabitants into retreat . The shops were closed — trade at a stand — the streets deserted — houses tenantless — the oft busy creek had scarcely a boat moving on its surface — the mosques were filled with the dismayed Moslems , whom poverty or self-interest had kept in the town — the Christian churches held the few Armenians and Chaldeans whom fear had driven to pray with sincerity . Here might be seen a cluster of Zobeir Arabs , meditating rapine : and there a straggling Jew , ruminating on the losses he had sustained by the flight of the panic-stricken slaves of his usury . Aga Pharseigh had lost all his confidence and self-sufficiency . He had sent off his family to Bushire ; he was himself to sink into the humble office of clerk to the resident ; and he was ( which he esteemed the most distressing event of the three ) to encounter face to face those who had just left the “ city of the plague . ” I had told him of the circumstances under which I had met the resident , ( coming from Bagdad ,) and that there were three cases of plague on board . The Armenian , whose only notions regarding cases were acquired in the course of his mercantile transactions , and who believed a plague case and a six dozen champagne case to be much about the same article , ejaculated , “ Three cases of plague ! Merciful heavens !— if the major wanted to preserve such abominable virus , could he not have brought a smaller quantity ? Three cases ! If it should run out , how it might spread about the town ! ” ( The “ divinity ” of the sheikh of the Chabeans is worth record . He was pleased with Mr. Stocqueler 's medical zeal , and more so with a box of ointment which he laid “ at his feet as a certain remedy for the impaired vision of his left eye . He had been stone blind from his childhood , but he held it disrespectful to be told so . ” The levee of the sheikh of Fellahi is amusing .) He was in a spacious veranda in front of his harem , looking out on the palace court , above which it was raised for about three feet . Three or four beautiful hawks were perched near the sheikh , and he was patting a couple of favourite greyhounds . Below , in the court , stood a considerable guard , and about the sheikh 's person were a number of subordinate sheikhs . Those of the highest rank merely bowed and took their places , others advanced and kissed the sheikh 's hand while the humblest officers knelt on one knee to perform the same ceremony . I observed , however , that great respect was always paid to age in this little court , for when the head of a village , far advanced in years , limped up to the nummud , the sheikh rose and embraced him , though he held but a trifling post , and was a man of little personal merit . My own reception was most flattering . “ Ah , ha ! khoob ! khoob ! shahbas ! ” ( good , good , admirable !) exclaimed Mobader Khan , in Persian — “ you are now yourself . It is long since I looked upon an Englishman , but I do not forget that they are a great nation . ” He then discoursed with me about my plans for the future prosecution of my journey , and gave me some instructions for going through the Chab territory . Talking of hunting , and more especially of falconry , he told me that his deserts abounded with game , and that if I would stay with him , I should see herds of antelopes fall to his noble hawks . He was curious about our field sports , but showed very little interest in more important matters ; because , said he , “ I am already well informed in all that concerns Europeans and their empires . ” The sheikh is held in great veneration by all the tribes , who fly to Fellahi at his summons , bringing their own materiel of war . In this way he can command the services of six or seven thousand cavalry , and above fifteen thousand infantry , independently of the wandering Illyauts , who inhabit the deserts of Chab . ( At Bebuhan are some interesting notes .) The Khans and Meerzas of Bebuhan are considerable consumers of coffee , but not after the fashion of Turks , Arabs , or Europeans . It is with them a kind of bon-bon eaten in a powdered and roasted state , without having had any connexion with hot water . When Meer Goolam Hussein called on me , he was always accompanied by his coffee-bearer , who carried about the fragrant berry in a snuff-box , and handed it frequently to the company present . The first time it was brought to me , deceived by its colour and quality , and strengthened in the delusion by its singular repository , I took a pinch of the coffee and applied it to my nose , amidst the roars of laughter and looks of surprise of all the party . ( A vestry dinner in Persia must be one of our selections .) At the convent of Julfa the governing bishop and his confreres have ample room , plenty of society , and a well furnished table . I dined once with his lordship and the churchwardens , and found that vestry honours and vestry appetites are not exclusively English characteristics . The dinner was spread as usual on the ground , on a large white cloth , around which the guests assembled . Placed opposite each guest was a plate , knife , fork , spoon , and glass , a piece of cheese , two or three feet of bread , and a hard boiled egg . The feast commenced by each person drinking a dram of aniseed ; then came in quick succession mutton chops , boiled fowls , boiled kidneys , sour curds , tea , apricots , apples , and grapes , sweetmeats , and salt fish ; to each of which laymen and churchmen did equal justice , finishing the feast with a sacrifice to Bacchus . THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . BOYHOOD OF CRANMER — SCHOOLS BEFORE THE REFORMATION . Cranmer received his early education from a parish-clerk . This may seem singular , for he was of gentle blood , and was entered at Cambridge amongst “ the better sort of students . ” But probably such shifts were not unusual before the Reformation . The monasteries indeed had schools attached to them in many instances . In Elizabeth 's time a complaint is made by the Speaker of the Commons , that the number of such places of education had been reduced by a hundred , in consequence of the suppression of the religious houses . Still it must often have happened ( thickly scattered as the monasteries were ) that the child lived at an inconvenient distance from any one of them ; mothers , too , might not have liked to trust less robust children to the clumsy care of a fraternity ; and probably little was learned in these academies after all . Erasmus makes himself merry with the studies pursued in them ; and it is remarkable that no sooner did the love of learning revive , than the popularity of the monasteries declined . For thirty years before the Reformation , there were few or no new religious foundations , whilst schools , on the other hand , began to multiply in their stead ; a fact which sufficiently marks the state of public opinion with regard to the monasteries as places of education — for education began now to be the desire of the day . Schools , therefore , in the present acceptation of the term , in Cranmer 's boyhood there were scarcely any ; and it was the crying want of them in London that induced Dean Colet to establish that of St. Paul 's , which , under the fostering care of Lily , the first master , not only became so distinguished in itself , but set the example , and prepared the way , by its rules and its grammar , for so many others which followed in its wake . Edward VI . ; with the natural feeling of a boy fond of knowledge , and himself a proficient for his years , was aware of the evil , and projected the remedy . Colet might be his model — but he was embarrassed in his means by courtiers , who were for ever uttering the cry of the horse-leech 's daughters ; and , besides , his days were soon numbered . Cranmer , who perhaps remembered the obstacles in his own way , and who certainly foresaw the great calamity of an ignorant clergy , pressed for the establishment of a school in connexion with every cathedral — a school , as it were , of the prophets — where boys intended for holy orders might be brought up suitably to the profession they were about to adopt , and where the bishops might ever find persons duly qualified to serve God in the church . But Cranmer was overruled , and a measure , which might have helped to catch up the church before it fell into that abyss of ignorance which seems to have immediately succeeded the Reformation , ( the natural consequence of a season of convulsion and violence ,) was unhappily lost . It was not till the reign of Elizabeth that the evil was at all adequately met , nor fully indeed then , as the deficiency of well-endowed schools at this day testifies . Still much was at that time done . The dignitaries and more wealthy ecclesiastics of the reformed Church bestirred themselves and founded some schools . Many tradesmen , who had accumulated fortunes in London , ( then the almost exclusive province of commercial enterprise ,) retired in their later years to the country-town which had given them birth , and gratefully provided for the better education of their neighbours , by furnishing it with a grammar-school . And even the honest yeoman , a person who then appears to have appreciated learning , and often to have brought up his boy to the church , united in the same praiseworthy object . In such cases application was usually made to the Queen for a charter , which was granted with or without pecuniary assistance on her own part ; and whoever will examine the dates of our foundation schools , will find a great proportion of them erected in that glorious reign . Thus it came to pass ( to revert to our text ) , that Cranmer was sent to college in his fourteenth year , Oxford and Cambridge being at that time the substitutes for the schools which have succeeded them , and being considered the two great national receptacles for all the boys in the country . There they were subjected to corporal punishment . The statutes were framed with a reference to the habits of mere boys ; it is forbidden , for instance , in one of the Cambridge statutes , to play marbles on the senate-house steps ; and the number of the students was so enormous ( still for the same reason ) , that Latimer , in one of his sermons , speaks of a decrease in those of his own time , to the amount of no less than ten thousand .— Quarterly Review . A TRUE STORY OF MAGIC IN THE EAST . M. ——, a Perote , one who knew “ the difference between alum and barley-sugar ,"[ 3 ] if ever man did , a good catholic , a conscientious person , a dragoman , and as such necessarily attached to truth , and never telling a lie , save in the way of business , was himself the hero , or the witness rather of the story he narrated . He was sent one morning from the European palace of ——, at Pera , on business in Constantinople . He was in a great hurry , but as he reached the Meytiskellesi , or wharf of the dead , and was about stepping into his c ä ik to be rowed across the harbour of the Golden Horn , either a nail in one of the rough planks of the wooden quay caught his slipper , or a post on it his robe , I forget which — but the dragoman turned round , and saw standing close by him , a tall and very notorious African magician , who had long been practising at the capital , and was known to every body as one of the lions of the place . To do a civil thing , and perhaps to keep well in this world with one who had intercourse with the spirits of the next , the dragoman naturally supposing he was waiting there on the water 's edge only to cross over from the suburb to the city , very politely invited him to take a passage in his c ä ik . The tall African made no verbal reply , but smiled , and waved his hand to decline the high honour . [ 3 ] A Turkish saying , much in use . The dragoman then concluding , that instead of waiting to cross over himself , he was expecting the arrival of some one from the opposite side of the Golden Horn , stepped into his c ä ik , which instantly glided from the quay and shot across the port . The boats at Constantinople are all very light and sharp , and go with astonishing speed , even when propelled with one pairs of oars ; but people of high consideration , like dragomans , generally have two pairs to their c ä iks , and at this time M. —— being in a very great hurry , told his two rowers to pull as fast as they could . When about half way on his short aquatic journey , M. —— turned his head and looked back , and then he saw at the end of the quay , just where he had left him , the tall African standing starch and motionless , like a granite statue before an Egyptian temple . The dragoman 's boat continued to cleave the waves ; it neared the opposite shore — no c ä ik had passed him on his way — when lo ! as his own came in concussion with the wooden piles of the Divan-kapi-iskellesi , and he rose from his seat to step on shore , he saw the identical African wizard standing there before him , and gazing calmly over to the opposite quay where he had just left him , and whence it was impossible he could have proceeded by mortal agency ! The dragoman rubbed his eyes , as well he might ; but there was the Maugrabee , with his large leaden eye gazing across the Golden Horn , and fixed on the wharf of the dead , just as he had been left behind there gazing at the Divan-kapi-iskellesi . M. —— felt a sort of flesh-shivering at this undeniable proof of the wizard 's power ; he remained for better than a minute in the position he was , when the tall African first struck his eye , spell-bound as it were , with one foot on the edge of the boat , and the other on the edge of the quay ; but recovering himself , he drew up his hinder leg , and then crossing himself like a good catholic , and salaaming his acquaintance , like a polite Turk , he stepped along the quay , touching the necromancer as he passed him , and thus completely assuring himself , it was no deception of vision . Mr. —— thinking more about this wonderful occurrence than the business of the —— nation he was going upon went his way , and having discharged his duty , hurried back to Pera , where he told this story , where it was universally believed from the veracity and character and dignity of the narrator , and where the narrator himself is still living . Very possibly , while I am writing he is telling his rencounter with the wizard , for he tells it to every stranger — Metropolitan . NOTES OF A READER . PRECIOUS STONES . ( From Part 15 , of Knowledge for the People — Mineralogy and Geology .) Why was crystal so named ? Because it was probably the first substance ever noticed as occurring in a regular form , and the ancients believing it to be water permanently congealed by extreme cold , from its transparency , called it Krustallos , signifying ice ; but in time the word became used without attention being paid to its original meaning , and was applied to all the regular figures observed in minerals . Why are the fine crystals of quartz used as a substitute for glass in spectacles ? Because , from their superior hardness , they do not so readily become scratched as glass : they are then termed pebbles . Why is the stone Cairn Gorm so called ? Because it is found in great beauty in the mountain of Cairn Gorm , in Scotland . It consists of brown and yellow crystals of quartz , and is much admired for seal stones , & c .; it is sometimes improperly termed topaz . Why is quartz the constituent of so many gems ? Because the tinges it receives from metals are sufficient to produce these varieties . Thus , amethyst , or purple quartz , is tinged with a little iron and manganese . Rose quartz , or false ruby , derives its colour from manganese . Avanturine is a beautiful variety of quartz , of a rich brown colour , which , from a peculiarity of texture , appears filled with bright spangles . Small crystals of quartz , tinged with iron , are found in Spain , and have been termed hyacinths of Compostella . Flint , chalcedony , carnelian , onyx , sardonyx , and bloodstone , or heliotrope , and the numerous varieties of agates , are principally composed of quartz , with various tinging materials . Why is opal among the most beautiful productions of the mineral world ? Because the colours are not occasioned by any particular tinge of the substance , but by its peculiar property of refracting the solar rays . It is a compound of about 90 silica , and 10 water . The finest specimens come exclusively from Hungary . There is a variety of opal called Hydrophane , which is white and opaque till immersed in water ; it then resembles the former . Why is the sapphire genus so highly prized ? Because , after diamond , it is the hardest substance in nature . It forms also the most valuable gems , as the oriental ruby and the topaz . The blue variety , or sapphire , is harder than the ruby . It is infusible before the blowpipe . It becomes electrical by rubbing , and retains its electricity for several hours ; but does not become electrical by heating . It occurs in alluvial soil , in the vicinity of rocks belonging to the secondary or floetz-trap formation , and imbedded in gneiss . It is found at Rodsedlitz and Treblitz in Bohemia , and Hohenstein in Saxony ; Expailly in France ; and particularly beautiful in the Capelau mountains , twelve days from Sirian , a city of Pegu . Next to diamond it is the most valuable of gems . The white and pale blue varieties , by exposure to heat become snow-white ; and when cut , exhibit so high a degree of lustre , that they are used in place of diamond . The most highly prized varieties are the crimson and carmine red ; these are the oriental ruby of the jeweller ; the next is sapphire ; and the last is sapphire , or oriental topaz . The asterias , or star-stone , is a very beautiful variety , in which the colour is generally of a reddish violet , with an opalescent lustre . A sapphire of ten carats weight is considered to be worth fifty guineas .— Jameson . The blue topaz , or Brazilian sapphire , is of recent introduction . The white topaz considerably exceeds rock crystal in lustre , and in Brazil is called mina nova . [ 4 ] [ 4 ] The pink topaz is made from the yellow , which , when of intense colour , is put into the bowl of a tobacco pipe , or small crucible , covered with ashes or sand : on the application of a low degree of heat , it changes its colour from a yellow to a beautiful pink . It contains fluoric acid , which may be the means of this change .— Mawe . Why is ruby of such a brilliant colour ? Because a sixth of it is chromic acid , while other gems , as the garnet , are coloured by oxide of iron . The most esteemed , and at the same time , rarest colour , of the oriental ruby , is pure carmine , or blood-red of considerable intensity , forming , when well polished , a blaze of the most exquisite and unrivalled tint . It is , however , more or less pale , and mixed with blue in various proportions ; hence it occurs rose-red and reddish white , crimson , peach-blossom red , and lilac blue — the latter variety being named oriental amethyst . A ruby perfect both in colour and transparency , is much less common than a good diamond , and when of the weight of three or four carats , is even more valuable than that gem . The king of Pegu , and the monarchs of Siam and Ava , monopolize the rarest rubies ; the finest in the world is in the possession of the first of these kings : its purity has passed into a proverb , and its worth when compared with gold , is inestimable . The Subah of the Deccan , also , is in possession of a prodigiously fine one , a full inch in diameter . The princes of Europe cannot boast of any of a first rate magnitude . Mr. Mawe , from whose interesting work we abridge these particulars , considers the oriental sapphire to rank next in value to the ruby . Among the British crown jewels is an inestimable sapphire ; it is of the purest and deepest azure , more than two inches long , and one inch broad . The finest ruby among these gems is more treasured for its antiquity than intrinsic value , it being the one worn at Cressy and Agincourt , by the Black Prince and Henry V .: this is worn on the back cross , and the sapphire on the front , of the imperial crown upon state occasions . Why are garnets often found of a reddish brown tinge ? Because of the excess of oxide of iron which they contain ; a small proportion being sufficient to colour them entirely , without injuring their play and splendour . In fact , the perfection of all gems depends less on the quality of their component principles , than on their complete solution and intimate combination . The alkalized earths , as lime , magnesia , and still better , pot-ash , seem to intervene as solvents , for alumina , completely dissolved , acquires , as we have shown from Klaproth , a crystallization , of which , by itself , it is not susceptible . The garnet is found in Bohemia , Ceylon , and other countries ; but the chief mart formerly being Sirian , the capital of Pegu , the best are often denominated Sirian garnets . The colour most esteemed is blood or cherry red , mixed often , however , with blue , forming tints of crimson , purple , and reddish violet ; or orange red and hyacinth brown . The Sirian garnet is of a violet colour , which , in some rare specimens , makes it compete with the amethyst , from which it is to be discriminated by the disadvantage of losing its brilliancy , and acquiring an orange tint by candlelight . Distinct from all other garnets , it preserves its colour unmixed with the common black tinge , unassisted by foil , even when thick . Course garnets are used as emery for polishing metals , and by lapidaries . They are found in Ireland , in Norway , and many other countries . GEOLOGICAL CHANGES EFFECTED BY THE SEA . ( From the preceding work .) Why are certain formations called marine ? Because they result from continual deposits of shingle and sand , as may be seen on the flat coast of our eastern counties . In this manner , at Lowestoffe-Ness , as well as at Yarmouth , the sea has erected a series of natural embankments against itself . The present extent of land thrown up by the sea , and out of the reach of the highest tides , is nearly three miles long , projecting from the base of the original cliff to the distance of 660 yards at the Ness . The respective lines of growth are indicated by a series of small embankments , perfectly defined . Several of these ridges have been formed within the memory of men now living . A rampart of heavy materials is first thrown up by a violent gale from the north-cast . Sand is subsequently blown over , and consolidates the shingle , and the process is completed by marine plants taking root and extending their fibres in a kind of net-work through the mass . In process of time the surface becomes covered with vegetable mould , and ultimately , in many cases , is productive of good herbage . [ 5 ] [ 5 ] From a Communication to the Philosophical Magazine , by Mr. R. Taylor . Why are shingle beaches formed by heavy gales ? Because every breaker is more or less charged with the materials composing the beach ; the shingles are forced forward as far as the broken wave can reach , and , in their shock against the beach , drive others before them that were not held in momentary mechanical suspension by the breaker . By these means , and particularly at the greatest height of the tide , the shingles are projected on the land beyond the reach of the retiring waves : and this great accumulation of land upon beach being effected at high water , it is clear , the ebb tide cannot deprive the land of what it has gained . Smaller lines are formed in moderate weather , to be swept away by heavy gales : hence it would appear , that the sea was diminishing the beach ; but attention will show that the shingles of the lines so apparently swept away , are but accumulated elsewhere . How often has our observation of these changes realized the homely simile of Shakspeare :— Like as the waves make towards the pebble shore , So do our minutes hasten to their end ; Each changing place with that which goes before , In sequent toil all forwards do contend . Why is this progressive march of beaches far from rapid ? Because it can only take place in proportion to the greater power or duration of one wind to another : moreover , the pebbles become comminuted in their passage , and thus , the harder can only travel to considerable distances . Works are sometimes constructed to arrest beaches , either to protect land behind , or to prevent their passage round pier-heads into artificial harbours , and thus engineers are practically aware of their travelling power in direction of certain winds . Why are sandy-beaches formed more rapidly than shingle ? Because the breakers have the same tendency to force sand upon the land as in the case of shingles ; but being so much lighter than the latter , sand can be transported by coast-tides or currents whose velocity would be insufficient to move shingles . On the other hand , however , smaller bodies and forces of water can throw sand on the shore . The spray that could not transport a pebble can carry sand , and thus it is conveyed far beyond situations where the reflux of a wave can be felt . This may be witnessed on some parts of the Sussex coast , as at Worthing . In rough weather too , the spray of the sea , with heavy rain , carries much sand , which it deposits on the fronts of houses , as may be seen upon the return of moderate weather : this effect may be witnessed on the splendid terraces of the Brighton cliffs , and its destructive working on their plaster fronts is very evident . INNKEEPERS . The inn-keeper of former times seems to have been a person of less humble station than now — he shared his calling with the monastery and with the village-pastor . Travellers had to choose ( as they still have in Roman Catholic countries ) between the refectory of the monk , the parsonage of the minister , and the tavern of mine host — payment for the night 's lodging , where he was in a condition to pay , being expected of him , in one shape or other , at all . The keeper of the Tabard in the Canterbury Tales appears to be upon a level with his guests , both in rank and information , and to play the part of one who felt that he was receiving his equals , and no more , under his roof ; yet his company was not of the lowest ; and in those times it seems to have been usual for the landlord to preside at the common board , and act in every respect as the hospitable master of the house , save only in exacting the shot ; as indeed is the custom in many parts of Germany at the present day . When the system of lay impropriations had begun to take effect , it was by no means an uncommon thing for the minister himself to be also the tavern-keeper , a circumstance , however , which , it must be confessed , may be thought to argue the extreme impoverishment of the church , which drove the clergy to such expedients for a living , rather than the respectability of the calling to which they thus betook themselves .— Quarterly Review . EFFECTS OF FRUIT AS REGARDS CHOLERA . We have seen rather a curious document , drawn up by some of the chief growers of fruit and vegetables in the villages round London . It is stated on the authority of twenty-one such persons , whose names are appended , that up to July the 24th ( when it is dated ,) of 1 , 010 labourers of either sex employed in their gardens , one only was indisposed , and not one had had cholera . Their inference is that fruit and vegetables are not favourable to the production of that disease ; but it does not appear to us that the premises warrant the conclusion . Is it the fact that those labourers eat a larger portion of fruit and vegetables than others ? It is notorious , with regard to pastrycooks , confectioners , and such persons , that they do not consume more — if so much — of their commodities as others ; and certainly persons so situated as the thousand and ten abovementioned are much less likely than others to commit any excess in regard to the articles in question . It is not against the use , but the abuse of “ the kindly fruits of the earth , ” that we protest ; and we are quite sure that many cases of cholera have been produced by unripe fruit and raw vegetables ( as cucumbers ,) taken even in moderate quantity ; and that great caution is necessary in this respect , notwithstanding the declaration of the growers .— Medical Gazette . THE GATHERER . Olive Oil .— The amount of duties paid on olive oil imported into the United Kingdom , from January 5 , 1831 , to April 5 , 1832 , was £ 76 , 962 . The quantity of this oil imported in that period was 2 , 286 , 629 gallons — Med . and Surg . Journal . Coffee .— The duty on raw coffee is now 6d . per lb . on colonial , and 9d . on foreign ; the retail price is 2s . to 4s . The Irish Bar .— Mr . Dundas , a keen , sarcastic man , who loved his bottle nearly as well as Sir Hercules Langreish , invited the baronet to a grand dinner in London , where the wine circulated freely , and wit kept pace with it . Mr. Dundas , wishing to procure a laugh at Sir Hercules , said , “ Why , Sir Hercules , is it true that we Scotch formerly transported all our criminals and felons to Ireland ? ” “ I dare say , ” replied Sir Hercules ; “ but did you ever hear , Mr. Dundas , of any of your countrymen returning to Scotland from transportation . ” Lord Byron 's opinion of Earl Grey .— “ Madame de Stael was forcibly struck by the factitious tone of the best society in London , and wished very much to have an opportunity of judging of that of the second class . She , however , had not this opportunity , which I regret , as I think it would have justified her expectations . In England , the raw material is generally good ; it is the over-dressing that injures it ; and as the class she wished to study are well educated , and have all the refinement of civilization without its corruption , she would have carried away a favourable impression . Lord Grey and his family were the personification of her beau ideal of perfection , as I must say they are of mine , ” continued Byron , “ and might serve as the finest specimens of the pure English patrician breed , of which so few remain . ” His uncompromising and uncompromised dignity , founded on self-respect , and accompanied by that certain proof of superiority — simplicity of manner and freedom from affectation , with her mild and matron graces , her whole life offering a model to wives and mothers — really they are people to be proud of , and a few such would reconcile one to one 's species .— From Lady Blessington 's Conversations — New Monthly Magazine . Cats Horticulturists .— Cat Mint is a species of Nepeta . It is covered with a very soft , hoary , velvet-like down , and has a strong , pungent , aromatic odour , like penny royal or valerian , that is peculiarly grateful to cats , whence its specific and English names . These animals are so fond of it , that it is almost impossible to keep them from it , after being transplanted . Ray and Miller , both assert , however , that cats will never meddle with such plants as are raised from seed . Hence the old saying , “ If you set it , The cats will eat it ; If you sow it The cats do n't know it . ” P. T. W . Beef-eaters , or yeomen of the guard , are stationed by the sideboard at great royal dinners . The term is a corruption from the French buffetiers , from buffet , sideboard . A Lion Killer .— Lions abound in the west of India . A gentleman assured Captain Skinner that he had , in one season , killed forty-five in the province of Hissar , alone . None of them were large , but he mentioned having met with one of uncommon beauty ; its skin was of the usual tawny colour , but its mane a rich glossy black , as was also the tuft on the tail . Vultures .— On passing the carcass of a bullock ( says Captain Skinner ,) we had a proof of the keenness of the vulture 's scent . An hour before not one was seen ; nor was the place , being so wild and far removed from all habitations , likely to be haunted by them : yet now they thronged every tree in the neighbourhood . There could not have been less than four or five hundred . Jackalls .— In some parts of India the howling of innumerable jackalls is never out of your ear , from the minute night falls to the first dawn of day . Captain Skinner says , until he became familiar to the screaming sound , he used to start from his sleep , and fancy some appalling calamity had driven the inhabitants of a neighbouring town to rash forth in fear and madness from their homes . Such frightful clamour might attend an earthquake or a deluge . The animals come up close to your very doors in large packs , and roar away without any apparent object , frequently standing a longtime in one place , as a dog does when “ baying the moon . ” Narrow Streets .— In grand Cairo , if you unfortunately meet a string of masked beauties upon donkies , you must make a rapid retreat , and resign yourself to be squeezed to a mummy against the wall for daring to stand in their course , if your curiosity should tempt you to do so . Mussulman and Hindoo Religion .— “ Where the same village is inhabited by people of both religions , they occupy opposite portions of it : and the circumstance may always be known by there being a well at each end of it ; for the Hindoos would not draw water from the same fountain as the Mahomedans , for all the wealth of this world . ” The only Favour .— At the battle of Spires , a regiment had orders not to grant any quarter ; an unhappy enemy , wounded and disarmed , begged hard for his life from one of its officers , who touched with his situation , replied , “ I pity your misfortune , and — ask anything else but that , and upon my honour I will grant your request . ” Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .