THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 19 . No . 547 .] SATURDAY , MAY 19 , 1832 [ PRICE 2d . WILTON CASTLE . Wilton Castle . Here is one of the ivy-mantled relics that lend even a charm to romantic nature on the banks of the Wye . Its shattered tower and crumbling wall , combine with her wild luxuriance , to form a scene of great picturesque beauty , though , as Gilpin observes , “ the scene wants accompaniments to give it grandeur . ” These ruins stand opposite to Ross , on the western bank of the Wye . The Castle was for several centuries the baronial residence of the Greys of the south , who derived from it their first title , and who became owners in the time of Edward the First . It may therefore be presumed to have been one of the strongholds , in the great struggles for feudal superiority with Wales , which were commenced by Edward , whose “ active and splendid reign may be considered as an attempt to subject the whole island of Great Britain to his sway . "[ 1 ] Or , in earlier times , being situated on the ancient barrier between England and Wales , it may have been a station of some importance , from its contiguity to Hereford , which city was destroyed by the Welsh , but rebuilt and fortified by Harold , who also strengthened the castle . The whole district is of antiquarian interest , since , at the period of the Roman invasion , Herefordshire was inhabited by the Silures , who also occupied the adjacent counties of Radnor , Monmouth , and Glamorgan , together with that part of Gloucestershire which lies westward of the Severn . The Silures , in conjunction with the Ordovices , or inhabitants of North Wales , retarded , for a considerable period , the progress of the Roman victors , whose grand object seems to have been the conquest of these nations , who had chosen the gallant Caractacus as their chieftain , and resolutely exhausted every effort in defence of the independence of their country . [ 1 ] Mackintosh 's Hist . England , vol . i , p. 247 . The present demolished state of the Castle is referred to the Royalist Governors of Hereford , by whose orders it was burnt to the bare walls during the reign of Charles I. in the absence of its then possessor , Sir J. Brydges . The scenery of the WYE , at this point is thus described by tourists : “ From Hereford to Ross , its features occasionally assume greater boldness ; though more frequently their aspect is placid ; but at the latter town wholly emerging from its state of repose , ” it resumes the brightness and rapidity of its primitive character , as it forms the admired curve which the churchyard of Ross commands . The celebrated spire of Ross church , peeping over a noble row of elms , here fronts the ruined Castle of Wilton , beneath the arches of whose bridge , the Wye flows through a charming succession of meadows , encircling at last the lofty and well-wooded hill , crowned with the majestic fragments of Gooderich Castle , and opposed by the waving eminences of the forest of Dean . The mighty pile , or peninsula , of Symonds ’ Rock succeeds , round which the river flows in a circuit of seven miles , though the opposite points of the isthmus are only one mile asunder . Shortly afterwards , the Wye quits the county , and enters Monmouthshire at the New Wear . The Rev . Mr. Gilpin , in his charming little volume on Picturesque Beauty , [ 2 ] has a few appropriate observations : after passing Wilton — [ 2 ] Observations on the River Wye , & c. By William Gilpin , M. A .— Fifth Edition . “ We met with nothing for some time during our voyage but grand , woody banks , one rising behind another ; appearing and vanishing by turns , as we doubled the several capes . But though no particular objects characterized these different scenes , yet they afforded great variety of pleasing views , both as we wound round the several promontories , which discovered new beauties as each scene opened , and when we kept the same scene a longer time in view , stretching along some lengthened reach , where the river is formed into an irregular vista by hills shooting out beyond each other and going off in perspective . ” We ought not to forget to mention Ross , and its association with one of the noblest works of GOD — honest John Kyrle , celebrated as the Man of Ross . Pope , during his visits at Holm-Lacey , in the vicinity , obtained sufficient knowledge of his beneficence , to render due homage to his worth in one of the brightest pages of the records of human character . “ MOTHER CAREY 'S CHICKENS ” — EGGS . ( For the Mirror .) In a paper on the Superstitions of the Sea , a few years ago , [ 3 ] I slightly alluded to the nautical belief that the appearance of the Stormy Petrel , and other marine birds at sea , was often considered to be the forerunner of peril and disaster ; and as your excellent correspondent , M. L. B ., in a recent number , expresses a wish to know the origin of the soubriquet of Mother Carey 's Chickens , which the former birds have obtained , I now give it with all the brevity which is consistent with so important a narration . It appears that a certain outward-bound Indiaman , called the Tiger , ( but in what year I am unable to state ,) had encountered one continued series of storms , during her whole passage ; till on nearing the Cape of Good Hope , she was almost reduced to a wreck . Here , however , the winds and waves seemed bent on her destruction ; in the midst of the storm , flocks of strange looking birds were seen hovering and wheeling in the air around the devoted ship , and one of the passengers , a woman called “ Mother Carey , ” was observed by the glare of the lightning to laugh and smile when she looked at these foul-weather visitants ; on which she was not only set down as a witch , but it was also thought that they were her familiars , whom she had invoked from the Red Sea ; and “ all hands ” were seriously considering on the propriety of getting rid of the old beldam , ( as is usual in such cases ,) by setting her afloat , when she saved them the trouble , and at that moment jumped overboard , surrounded by flames ; on which the birds vanished , the storm cleared away , and the tempest-tossed Tiger went peacefully on her course ! Ever since the occurrence of this “ astounding yarn , ” the birds have been called “ Mother Carey 's Chickens , ” and are considered by our sailors to be the most unlucky of all the feathered visitants at sea . [ 3 ] See Mirror , No . 205 , vol . xi . To turn by a not unnatural transition from birds to eggs , permit me to inform your Scottish correspondent , S. S. ( see No . 536 ,) where he asserts that the plan of rubbing eggs with grease in order to preserve them , “ is not so much as known in our own boasted land of stale eggs and bundlewood ; ” that the said discovery has long been known and practised in many parts of old England ; and that the repeated experience of several friends warrants me in giving a decided negative to his assertion that eggs so prepared “ will keep any length of time perfectly fresh . ” If kept for a considerable period , though they do not become absolutely bad , yet they turn very stale . I happen to know something of Scotland , and was never before aware that the raw clime of our northern neighbours was so celebrated for its poultry . M. L. B . is certainly misinformed in speaking of the trade in Scotch eggs to America . The importation of eggs from the continent into England is very extensive : the duty in 1827 amounted at the rate of 10d . per 120 , to 23 , 062l . 19s . 1d . ; since which period there has , we believe , been an increase . The importation of eggs from Ireland is also very large . If S. S. resides in London , he may have occasion to sneer at “ our boasted land of stale eggs ; ” but he should rather sneer at the preserved French eggs , with which the London dealers are principally supplied . VYVYAN . THE CURFEW BELL . ( To the Editor .) In addition to the remarks made by Reginald , in No . 543 , and by M. D ., and G. C ., in No . 545 of The Mirror , let me add that the Curfew is rung every night at eight , in my native town , ( Winchester ,) and the bell , a large one , weighing 12 cwt ., is appropriated for the purpose , ( not belonging to a church ) but affixed in the tower of the Guildhall , and used only for this occasion , or on an alarm of fire . In that city the Curfew was first established under the command of the Conqueror , and the practice has continued to the present day . I have been assured by many old residents , that it formerly was the custom to ring the bell every morning at four o'clock , but the practice being found annoying to persons living near , the Corporation ordered it to be discontinued . To such of your readers who , like myself , are fond of a solitary ramble along the sea shore by moonlight , I would say , go to Southampton or the Isle of Wight ; take an evening walk from Itchen through the fields to Netley , thence to the Abbey and Fort ruins , under woods that for a considerable distance skirt the coast ; or on the opposite side , through the Forest of Oaks , from Eling to Dibden , and onwards over the meadows to Hythe : there they may , in either , find ample food for reflection , connected with the Curfew Bell . Seated on a fragment of the towers of Netley Abbey , whose pinnacles were so often hailed by seamen as well known landmarks , but whose Curfew has for centuries been quiet , the spectator may see before him the crumbling remains of a fort , erected hundreds of years ago . On the left is an expanse of water as far as the eye can reach , and in his front the celebrated New Forest ,— Majestic woods of ever vigorous green , Stage above stage , high waving o'er the bills ; Or to the far horizon wide diffus 'd , A boundless deep immensity of shade — the scene of William 's tyranny and atrocity , the spot where his children met their untimely end , and where may be seen the tumuli erected over the remains of the Britons who fell in defence of their country . In the deep recesses of a wood in the south-east prospect , the eye may faintly distinguish the mouldering remains of the Abbey of Beaulieu , famed in days of yore for its Sanctuary , the name of which is now only recorded in history . Even the site of the tower is unknown , whose Curfew has long ceased to warn the seamen , or draw the deep curse from the forester . There they may “ On a plat of rising ground , Hear the far off Curfew sound , Over the wide watered shore , Swinging slow with sullen roar . ” The Curfew is rung at Southampton , Downton , Ringwood , and many other towns in the west , every night at eight . P. Q . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . SPANISH SCENERY . The following is from the delightful pencil of Washington Irving : it will be seen to bear all the polish of his best style :— “ Many are apt to picture Spain to their imaginations as a soft southern region , decked out with all the luxuriant charms of voluptuous Italy . On the contrary , though there are exceptions in some of the maritime provinces , yet , for the greater part , it is a stern , melancholy country , with rugged mountains , and long sweeping plains , destitute of trees , and indescribably silent and lonesome , partaking of the savage and solitary character of Africa . What adds to this silence and loneliness , is the absence of singing-birds , a natural consequence of the want of groves and hedges . The vulture and the eagle are seen wheeling about the mountain-cliffs , and soaring over the plains , and groups of shy bustards stalk about the heaths ; but the myriads of smaller birds , which animate the whole face of other countries are met with in but few provinces in Spain , and in those chiefly among the orchards and gardens which surround the habitations of man . “ In the interior provinces the traveller occasionally traverses great tracts cultivated with grain as far as the eye can reach , waving at times with verdure , at other times naked and sunburnt , but he looks round in vain for the hand that has tilled the soil . At length , he perceives some village on a steep hill , or rugged crag , with mouldering battlements and ruined watch tower ; a stronghold , in old times , against civil war , or Moorish inroad ; for the custom among the peasantry of congregating together for mutual protection , is still kept up in most parts of Spain , in consequence of the maraudings of roving freebooters . “ But though a great part of Spain is deficient in the garniture of groves and forests , and the softer charms of ornamental cultivation , yet its scenery has something of a high and lofty character to compensate the want . It partakes something of the attributes of its people ; and I think that I better understand the proud , hardy , frugal , and abstemious Spaniard , his manly defiance of hardships , and contempt of effeminate indulgences , since I have seen the country he inhabits . “ There is something , too , in the sternly simple features of the Spanish landscape , that impresses on the soul a feeling of sublimity . The immense plains of the Castiles and of La Mancha , extending as far as the eye can reach , derive an interest from their very nakedness and immensity , and have something of the solemn grandeur of the ocean . In ranging over these boundless wastes , the eye catches sight here and there of a straggling herd of cattle attended by a lonely herdsman , motionless as a statue , with his long , slender pike tapering up like a lance into the air ; or , beholds a long train of mules slowly moving along the waste like a train of camels in the desert ; or , a single herdsman , armed with blunderbuss and stiletto , and prowling over the plain . Thus the country , the habits , the very looks of the people , have something of the Arabian character . The general insecurity of the country is evinced in the universal use of weapons . The herdsman in the field , the shepherd in the plain , has his musket and his knife . The wealthy villager rarely ventures to the market-town without his trabuco , and , perhaps , a servant on foot with a blunderbuss on his shoulder ; and the most petty journey is undertaken with the preparation of a warlike enterprise . “ The dangers of the road produce also a mode of travelling , resembling , on a diminutive scale , the caravans of the east . The arrieros , or carriers , congregate in convoys , and set off in large and well-armed trains on appointed days ; while additional travellers swell their number , and contribute to their strength . In this primitive way is the commerce of the country carried on . The muleteer is the general medium of traffic , and the legitimate traverser of the land , crossing the peninsula from the Pyrenees and the Asturias to the Alpuxarras , the Serrania de Ronda , and even to the gates of Gibraltar . He lives frugally and hardily : his alforjas of coarse cloth hold his scanty stock of provisions ; a leathern bottle , hanging at his saddle-bow , contains wine or water , for a supply across barren mountains and thirsty plains . A mule-cloth spread upon the ground , is his bed at night , and his pack-saddle is his pillow . His low , but clean-limbed and sinewy form betokens strength ; his complexion is dark and sunburnt ; his eye resolute , but quiet in its expression , except when kindled by sudden emotion ; his demeanour is frank , manly , and courteous , and he never passes you without a grave salutation : ‘ Dios guarde à usted ! ’ ‘ Va usted con Dios , Caballero ! ’ ‘ God guard you ! God be with you , Cavalier ! ’ “ As these men have often their whole fortune at stake upon the burthen of their mule , they have their weapons at hand , slung to their saddles , and ready to be snatched out for desperate defence . But their united numbers render them secure against petty bands of marauders , and the solitary bandolero , armed to the teeth , and mounted on his Andalusian steed , hovers about them , like a pirate about a merchant convoy , without daring to make an assault . “ The Spanish muleteer has an inexhaustible stock of songs and ballads , with which to beguile his incessant wayfaring . The airs are rude and simple , consisting of but few inflexions . These he chants forth with a loud voice , and long , drawling cadence , seated sideways on his mule , who seems to listen with infinite gravity , and to keep time , with his paces , to the tune . The couplets thus chanted , are often old traditional romances about the Moors , or some legend of a saint , or some love-ditty ; or what is still more frequent , some ballad about a bold contrabandista , or hardy bandolero , for the smuggler and the robber are poetical heroes among the common people of Spain . Often the song of the muleteer is composed at the instant , and relates to some local scenes or some incident of the journey . This talent of singing and improvising is frequent in Spain , and is said to have been inherited from the Moors . There is something wildly pleasing in listening to these ditties among the rude and lonely scenes that they illustrate ; accompanied , as they are , by the occasional jingle of the mule-bell . “ It has a most picturesque effect also to meet a train of muleteers in some mountain-pass . First you hear the bells of the leading mules , breaking with their simple melody the stillness of the airy height ; or , perhaps , the voice of the muleteer admonishing some tardy or wandering animal , or chanting , at the full stretch of his lungs , some traditionary ballad . At length you see the mules slowly winding along the cragged defile , sometimes descending precipitous cliffs , so as to present themselves in full relief against the sky , sometimes toiling up the deep arid chasms below you . As they approach , you descry their gay decorations of worsted tufts , tassels , and saddle-cloths , while , as they pass by , the ever-ready trabuco slung behind the packs and saddles , gives a hint of the insecurity of the road . “ The ancient kingdom of Granada , into which we are about to penetrate , is one of the most mountainous regions of Spain . Vast sierras , or chains of mountains , destitute of shrub or tree , and mottled with variegated marbles and granites , elevate their sun-burnt summits against a deep-blue sky ; yet in their rugged bosoms lie engulfed the most verdant and fertile valley , where the desert and the garden strain for mastery , and the very rock is , as it were , compelled to yield the fig , the orange , and the citron , and to blossom with the myrtle and the rose . “ In the wild passes of these mountains the sight of walled towns and villages , built like eagles ’ nests among the cliffs , and surrounded by Moorish battlements , or of ruined watch-towers perched on lofty peaks , carries the mind back to the chivalric days of Christian and Moslem warfare , and to the romantic struggle for the conquest of Granada . In traversing these lofty sierras the traveller is often obliged to alight and lead his horse up and down the steep and jagged ascents and descents , resembling the broken steps of a staircase . Sometimes the road winds along dizzy precipices , without parapet to guard him from the gulfs below , and then will plunge down steep , and dark , and dangerous declivities . Sometimes it straggles through rugged barrancos , or ravines , worn by winter torrents , the obscure path of the contrabandista ; while , ever and anon , the ominous cross , the monument of robbery and murder , erected on a mound of stones at some lonely part of the road , admonishes the traveller that he is among the haunts of banditti , perhaps at that very moment under the eye of some lurking bandolero . Sometimes , in winding through the narrow valleys , he is startled by a hoarse bellowing , and beholds above him on some green fold of the mountain side a herd of fierce Andalusian bulls , destined for the combat of the arena . There is something awful in the contemplation of these terrific animals , clothed with tremendous strength , and ranging their native pastures in untamed wildness , strangers almost to the face of man : they know no one but the solitary herdsman who attends upon them , and even he at times dares not venture to approach them . The low bellowing of these bulls , and their menacing aspect as they look down from their rocky height , give additional wildness to the savage scenery around . ” ( From The Alhambra , or New Sketch Book , to which we propose to return in a Supplement in a fortnight .) ANECDOTE GALLERY . THE UNLUCKY PRESENT : A TALE . A Lanarkshire minister ( who died within the present century ) was one of those unhappy persons , who , to use the words of a well known Scottish adage , “ can never see green cheese but their een reels . ” He was extremely covetous and that not only of nice articles of food , but of many other things which do not generally excite the cupidity of the human heart . The following story is in corroboration of this assertion :— Being on a visit one day at the house of one of his parishioners , a poor lonely widow , living in a moorland part of the parish , he became fascinated by the charms of a little cast-iron pot , which happened at the time to be lying on the hearth , full of potatoes for the poor woman 's dinner , and that of her children . He had never in his life seen such a nice little pot — it was a perfect conceit of a thing — it was a gem — no pot on earth could match it in symmetry — it was an object altogether perfectly lovely . “ Dear sake ! minister , ” said the widow , quite overpowered by the reverend man 's commendations of her pot ; “ if ye like the pot sae weel as a ’ that , I beg ye 'll let me send it to the manse . It 's a kind o ’ orra ( superfluous ) pot wi ’ us ; for we 've a bigger ane , that we use for ordinar , and that 's mair convenient every way for us . Sae ye 'll just tak a present o't . I 'll send it ower the morn wi ’ Jamie , when he gangs to the schule . ” “ Oh ! ” said the minister , “ I can by no means permit you to be at so much trouble . Since you are so good as to give me the pot , I 'll just carry it home with me in my hand . I 'm so much taken with it , indeed , that I would really prefer carrying it myself . ” After much altercation between the minister and the widow , on this delicate point of politeness , it was agreed that he should carry home the pot himself . Off then he trudged , bearing this curious little culinary article , alternately in his hand and under his arm , as seemed most convenient to him . Unfortunately the day was warm , the way long , and the minister fat ; so that he became heartily tired of his burden before he got half-way home . Under these distressing circumstances , it struck him , that , if , instead of carrying the pot awkwardly at one side of his person , he were to carry it on his head , the burden would be greatly lightened ; the principles of natural philosophy , which he had learned at college , informing him , that when a load presses directly and immediately upon any object , it is far less onerous than when it hangs at the remote end of a lever . Accordingly , doffing his hat , which he resolved to carry home in his band , and having applied his handkerchief to his brow , he clapped the pot , in inverted fashion , upon his head , where , as the reader may suppose , it figured much like Mambrino 's helmet upon the crazed capital of Don Quixote , only a great deal more magnificent in shape and dimensions . There was , at first , much relief and much comfort in this new mode of carrying the pot ; but mark the result . The unfortunate minister having taken a by-path , to escape observation , found himself , when still a good way from home , under the necessity of leaping over a ditch , which intercepted him , in passing from one field to another . He jumped ; but surely no jump was ever taken so completely in , or , at least into , the dark as this . The concussion given to his person in descending caused the helmet to become a hood ; the pot slipped down over his face , and resting with the rim upon his neck , stuck fast there ; enclosing his whole head as completely as ever that of a new born child was enclosed by the filmy bag , with which nature , as an indication of future good fortune , sometimes invests the noddles of her favourite offspring . What was worst of all , the nose , which had permitted the pot to slip down over it , withstood every desperate attempt , on the part of its proprietor , to make it slip back again ; the contracted part , or neck , of the patera , being of such a peculiar formation as to cling fast to the base of the nose , although it had found no difficulty in gliding along its hypothenuse . Was ever minister in a worse plight ? Was there ever contretemps so unlucky ? Did ever any man — did ever any minister , so effectually hoodwink himself , or so thoroughly shut his eyes , to the plain light of nature ? What was to be done ? The place was lonely ; the way difficult and dangerous ; human relief was remote , almost beyond reach . It was impossible even to cry for help ; or , if a cry could be uttered , it might reach , in deafening reverberation , the ear of the utterer , but it would not travel twelve inches farther in any direction . To add to the distresses of the case , the unhappy sufferer soon found great difficulty in breathing . What with the heat occasioned by the beating of the sun on the metal , and what with the frequent return of the same heated air to his lungs , he was in the utmost danger of suffocation . Every thing considered , it seemed likely that , if he did not chance to be relieved by some accidental wayfarer , there would soon be death in the pot . The instinctive love of life , however , is omni-prevalent ; and even very stupid people have been found , when put to the push by strong and imminent peril , to exhibit a degree of presence of mind , and exert a degree of energy , far above what might have been expected from them , or what they were ever known to exhibit , or exert , under ordinary circumstances . So it was with the pot-ensconced minister . Pressed by the urgency of his distresses , he fortunately recollected that there was a smith 's shop at the distance of about a mile across the fields , where , if he could reach it before the period of suffocation , he might possibly find relief . Deprived of his eyesight , he acted only as a man of feeling , and went on as cautiously as he could , with his hat in his hand . Half crawling , half sliding , over ridge and furrow , ditch and hedge , somewhat like Satan floundering over chaos , the unhappy minister travelled with all possible speed , as nearly as he could guess , in the direction of the place of refuge . I leave it to the reader to conceive the surprise , the mirth , the infinite amusement of the smith , and all the hangers-on of the smiddy , when , at length , torn and worn , faint and exhausted , blind and breathless , the unfortunate man arrived at the place , and let them know ( rather by signs than by words ) the circumstances of his case . In the words of an old Scottish song , “ Out cam the gudeman , and high he shouted ; Out cam the gudewife , and low she louted ; And a ’ the town neighbours were gathered about it : And there was he , I trow . ” The merriment of the company , however , soon gave way to considerations of humanity . Ludicrous as was the minister , with such an object where his head should have been , and with the feet of the pot pointing upwards , like the horns of the great Enemy , it was , nevertheless , necessary that he should be speedily restored to his ordinary condition , if it were for no other reason than that he might continue to live . He was accordingly , at his own request led into the smithy , multitudes flocking around to tender him their kindest offices , or to witness the process of release ; and , having laid down his head upon the anvil , the smith lost no time in seizing and poising his goodly forehammer . “ Will I come sair on , minister ? ” exclaimed the considerate man of iron , in at the brink of the pot . “ As sair as ye like , ” was the minister 's answer ; “ better a chap i ’ the chafts than die for want of breath . ” Thus permitted , the man let fall a blow , which fortunately broke the pot in pieces , without hurting the head which it enclosed , as the cook-maid breaks the shell of the lobster , without bruising the delicate food within . A few minutes of the clear air , and a glass from the gudewife 's bottle , restored the unfortunate man of prayer ; but , assuredly , the incident is one which will long live in the memory of the parishioners of C ——.— Chambers ’ Edinburgh Journal . THE NATURALIST . LOUDON 'S MAGAZINE OF NATURAL HISTORY . Sundry and manifold are our obligations to this delightful Journal . From the Number ( 26 ) for the present month we glean the following : The Gurnard and Sprat . Mr. J. Couch , in an interesting paper on the fishes of Cornwall , has the following notes : “ Ray observes that the word gurnard , which may be regarded as the English term , is derived a grunnitu , from grunting like a hog . In this , however , I venture to think this eminent naturalist mistaken . Pengurn is the ancient Cornu-British name for these fishes , and signifies hard head ; and its English translation is now sometimes given to the grey gurnard . From the Cornish word gurn ( hard ) , I therefore derive the name , as descriptive of the head of these species . This is a common fish at all seasons ; but in December and January it sometimes abounds to such a degree , that , as they are not much esteemed , I have known them sold at thirty for a penny . It keeps near the bottom commonly , at no great distance from land ; but sometimes multitudes will mount together to the surface ; and move along with the first dorsal fin above the water : they will even quit their native element , and spring to the distance of a yard ; thus imitating the flying gurnard , though not to the same extent . In summer they are found basking in the sun , perhaps asleep , as they will at times display no signs of animation , until an attempt is made to seize them . “ In reference to some observations by Mr. Yarrell , in the Zoological Journal , relative to the distinction between the sprat and the young of the pilchard and herring , I can state that Cornish fishermen term the young of both the latter fishes sprats ; but , how far this should go in determining the judgment of a naturalist will appear , when I add that I have never seen above one specimen of the genuine sprat in Cornwall , and that was brought me by a fisherman , to be informed what fish it was . In taking fish out of his net by night , he felt it to be neither a pilchard nor a herring , and supposed it something rare . ” STRUCTURE OF BIRDS . Birds may be said to constitute an isolated class of beings . They are distinguished by certain characters from all other animals : their classification does not pass into any other , and cannot , therefore , be consistently introduced into the supposed chain or gradation of natural bodies . The skeleton or bony frame of birds is in general lighter than in quadrupeds . They have the largest bones of all animals , in proportion to their weight ; and their bones are more hollow than those of animals that do not fly : air-vessels also enable them to blow out the hollow parts of their bodies , when they wish to make their descent slower , rise more swiftly , or float in the air . The spine is immovable , but the neck has a greater number of bones , ( never less than nine , and varying from that to twenty-four ,) and consequently of joints , and more varied motion , than in quadrupeds . The breast-bone is very large , with a prominent keel down the middle , and is formed for the attachment of very strong muscles : the bones of the wings are analagous to those of the fore-legs in quadrupeds , but the termination is in three joints or fingers only , of which the exterior is very short . This will be better understood by the annexed : Skeleton of a Turkey . The muscles that move the wings downwards , in many instances , are a sixth part of the weight of the whole body ; whereas those of a man are not in proportion one hundredth part so large . The centre of gravity of their bodies is always below the insertion of their wings to prevent them falling on their backs , but near that point on which the body is , during flight , as it were , suspended . The positions assumed by the head and feet are frequently calculated to accomplish these ends , and give to the wings every assistance in continuing the progressive motion . The tail also is of great use , in regulating the rise and fall of birds and even their lateral movements . What are commonly called the legs are analogous to the hind legs in quadrupeds , and they terminate , in general , in four toes , three of which are usually directed forwards , and one backwards ; but in some birds there are only two toes , in others three . Birds exceed quadrupeds in the quantity of their respiration , for they have not only a double circulation , and an aerial respiration , but they respire also through other cavities beside the lungs , the air penetrating through the whole body , and bathing the branches of the aorta , or great artery of the body , as well as those of the pulmonary artery . Birds are usually classed according to the forms of their bills and feet , from those parts being connected with their mode of life , food , & c. and influencing their total habit very materially . THE RHINOCEROS BIRD . This curious bird is of the order Pic æ, or Pies , and of the genus Buceros , consisting of birds of rather large size , and distinguished by the disproportionate forms of their beaks , which are often still further remarkable for some kind of large prominence on the upper mandible . The most conspicuous species is the Buceros Rhinoceros of Linn æ us , commonly called the Rhinoceros Bird . The Rhinoceros Bird . Its general size is that of a Turkey , but with a much more slenderly proportioned body . Its colour is black , with the tail white , crossed by a black bar : the beak is of enormous size , of a lengthened , slightly curved , and pointed shape , and on the upper mandible , towards the base , is an extremely large process , equal in thickness to the bill itself , and turning upwards and backwards in the form of a thick , sharp-pointed horn , somewhat resembling the horn of the rhinoceros . The use of this strange proboscis is by some supposed to be that of enabling the bird more easily to tear out the entrails of its prey ; but others affirm that it is not of a predaceous nature , feeding only on vegetable substances . This bird is principally found in the East Indian Islands . A remarkably fine specimen was preserved in the Leverian Museum . THE SKETCH-BOOK . RECOLLECTIONS OF A WANDERER . A scene on the coast of Cornwall . A short time before my departure from the hamlet of Landwithiel , [ 4 ] I was awoke early one morning by the roaring of the wind in the huge old chimney of my room — the whole tenement , indeed , occasionally shook as a violent gust swept down the valley , tossing the branches of the stout old tree before the door to and fro in a way that threatened at last to level them with the dust . The very briny scent of the atmosphere convinced me there was some sea running in the bay ; and it was the more unexpected as we had had no tokens of a storm for several days previous . From the peninsular situation of this county , surrounded on almost every side with the restless ocean and exposed to the wide sweep of the Atlantic , it may be supposed that storms are of frequent occurrence . As on the present occasion , they often come with little or no warning ; and the effects of a hurricane in the distant main , far outstripping the wind , sometimes rolls with tremendous fury towards our western shores , on which the sea is encroaching in every part . [ 4 ] See “ Recollections of a Wanderer , ” Mirror , Nos . 430-475 . Landwithiel was a wild little place . It was essentially a “ fishing village . ” The people ploughed the deep , not the land ; and the constant exposure — blow high , blow low — on the restless sea , endued its inhabitants , and the Cornish fishermen generally , with a fearlessness of danger and boldness of character almost unequalled in these islands . The lives and pursuits of the two great classes in this county — the maritime and mining population — are widely opposite to each other . The one class pass their existence on the stormy waters of the deep , whilst the other labour far below the surface of the earth ; each being continually exposed to numberless perils and dangers . When I descended below I found my host already astir ; so after attending well to the inward man , I lost no time in starting towards the harbour . As I formerly described , this comes abruptly in sight round a sharp angle , at some elevation from the beach . On the upper part of the descent the road was flanked on each side with a row of cottages , the street being so steep that steps were formed in many parts to aid the progress of the passenger . This gave an air of singularity and wildness to the place , which was aided by the boldness of the surrounding scenery . The street bore all the marks of the occupation of the inhabitants — nets hanging to dry — strings of fish — an old oar — or a “ fisher 's wife ” broiling fish for her husband 's breakfast — met the eye on either side . On clearing the street , I observed a larger throng on the old pier than was wont to gather there on ordinary occasions . There was obviously some unusual subject of interest agitated amongst them ; so I turned from my course and joined the group . A gale is an important event in a fishing town . Independent of the interest naturally felt for the various craft belonging to the place which may happen to be afloat , there may be wrecks or other marine casualties to excite the interest or cupidity of the observer . There was a tremendous tumbling sea rolling into the little bay , when I drew towards the pier . At the further end was a group of persons in earnest conversation , whom I distinguished as the knowing ones and long-heads of the place ; while their younger companions were engaged in parties walking briskly to and fro on the pier . A tier of boats had been carefully drawn up high and dry beyond the wreck left by the last spring tide . Four or five , however , were afloat , and lurching heavily alongside the pier , whither the tide had not long reached ; the wind rattling amongst the masts , shrouds , and half-bent sails of some craft which had just run in for shelter from the impending storm . My recent adventure had made me pretty well acquainted with most of the persons around : and I learned that a ground swell had been observed along shore the preceding night . This phenomenon is generally occasioned by a storm in the Atlantic , with a westerly wind ; and it affords to the old fishermen an almost certain indication of approaching foul weather . “ A stiff bit of a gale , this same , Master Charles , ” said an old tar , giving an energetic jerk to his trousers , “ Ay , ay , old boy , ” he replied , “ this wind is not blowing for nothing , you may take my word for it ; but if the Jane and the Susan hove in sight I 'd not mind a bit for all that ; we 've not a stick afloat but her . ” “ What ! is Sam Clovelly [ 5 ] out this morning , Helston ? ” I anxiously inquired of the pilot , who was a manly , excellent sort of fellow . He had grown grey with service , and there was something in the steady eye and calm decision of his look that marked him out as no common character . [ 5 ] See Mirror , No . 475 . “ Dawlish 's Hole . ” “ Yes , sir , we have no tidings of him yet , and the sky looking as black , yonder , as the face of a negro ; but we 'll hope that he 's run out of harm 's way before now . ” As the morning waxed apace , the interest in the fate of the Jane and Susan became more evident amongst the by-standers . Every stick that came in sight cut out conversation ; but many an eye was cast anxiously to windward in vain for poor Sam Clovelly and his brother Arthur , who had been out since the preceding night . Presently the two little orphan sisters of the missing men came upon the pier , and Helstone , the pilot , and some of the others anxiously endeavoured to cheer and console them . “ I 'll be bound they 've run for —— port long ago , darlings , so do n't cry now , Jane ; the old craft 's stood many a stronger breeze than this ; now , wipe your eyes , there . Poor things , ” he said , turning to me , as the children went farther on the pier , “ their two brothers are the only friends they have got in the world , and if they are gone who is to take care of them ? Their father , old Sam Clovelly , was lost — I recollect the time well — somewhere off Milford ; leaving his wife , with two stiff tidy bits of lads , and likely to increase the family ; well , sir , she took to her bed , with the shock , and never rose from it more , after giving birth to these two little girls , leaving poor Sam and Arthur to struggle on like a cutter in a heavy sea . But God Almighty never deserts the innocent , sir — you 've seen that , I dare say ? Sam 's been a steady lad , and has prospered , and he and Arthur have never forgotten their mother 's dying words , and have been very kind to their sisters ; but , come what will , the orphans shall never want a friend as long as Charley Helston has a home or a bit of bread to offer them . ” We now again reverted to the state of the day . As the gale swept on , numberless craft were running along the coast towards —— port , for shelter . A crack Fowey-man now making a board till she “ eat out ” of the wind a North-countryman right ahead — now with her helm-a-lea , and now careering along with a heavy following sea on either quarter — kept our attention on the alert . Presently a steamer came in sight bearing up across the bay towards —— Head . The white rush of steam from her safety-valves was well made out by the blackness of the windward horizon ; and contrasted with the dense puffs of smoke from her funnel , which were instantly dispersed or carried in heavy patches to leeward . The glory of modern discoveries is unpopular with our coasting-seamen , and the mate of a coaster , who was watching her movements , observed that “ we should not have a lad fit to hand a sail or man a yard soon with their cursed machinery . ” As she passed on her course “ cleaving blast and breaker right ahead , ” with her weather-wheel often spinning in the air , and as the sky darkened and the waves roared louder , I thought with deep interest on what might even now be the fate of those , without whose friendly aid I should have been lying on a rocky pillow and seaweed for my shroud , near Dawlish 's Hole . The weather now became entitled to the formidable name of a storm , but some time had yet to elapse before darkness added its horrors to the scene of desolation . Heavy masses of breakers were continually striking the pier-head with fearful crashes ; now bursting over , amid seas of spray , with resistless impetuosity , drenching every one under its lee ; now recoiling for a brief moment , as if to gather strength , leaving a smooth , hollow waste of oily sea — like the treacherous pauses of human passion ,— and then returning with wilder haste and tenfold added fury to the onset . The morning was waning away . I left the pier , and bent my course away from Landwithiel . The path I pursued led along the summit of the cliffs ; oftentimes winding so close round the edge of a projecting acclivity , that it required a clear head and a steady foot , for one false step would have been instant destruction . The coast below me was justly entitled to take its place amongst the finest rock-scenery in the island ; and exhibited in its grandest form , the peculiarly wild and picturesque nature of the coast of Cornwall . After working my way against a head-wind for three or four miles , I took shelter in Dawlish 's Watch Tower , an old half-ruined building , which commanded an almost boundless look-out . Nearly right opposite to this station lay the Wolf-stone , an insular , and almost inaccessible rock , which rose in deep water about three-quarters of a mile from land . Whilst scanning with my glass the windward horizon , I accidentally rested on this islet , and I had not looked long before my gaze was rivetted to it . Two individuals I fancied were standing near a pole which was erected on the highest point . These lone and unusual tenants of the sea-birds ’ home were obviously , from their motions , much agitated . A heavy driving shower , for a few minutes , wrapped it in mist . When this cleared off , the black and dreary front of the Wolf-stone became dimly visible through the tumultuous assemblage of gigantic breakers , that were every instant grappling with the steep which defied them . Another minute 's observation and I was running at my utmost speed back to Landwithiel . The captives could be no other than Sam and Arthur Clovelly . My arrival caused universal stir and interest in Landwithiel . The Dasher , the best sea-boat in the harbour was instantly manned , with directions to pull to Carn Cove , almost opposite the rock , whither the rest of the men rapidly proceeded along the heights . Helston and myself also went thither to consult in the first instance , as to the best plan for relief ; for no boat could live , in such a day as this , within some distance of the rock . The anxious group gathered on the edge of the cliff ; and while a white flag was running up a boat 's mast which we had erected on the tower , we cheered loudly and repeatedly to assure the distant captives that aid was nigh . “ It is Sam — God be praised , ” sang out Helston , who was steadily looking out through his glass — and every one crowded around . “ And is Arthur there too , Charles ? ” — “ Yes , I see .— Death ! I thought that wave would sweep over all . Now they wave their neckcloths — they beckon us to use haste . High water is drawing fast on , and what man ever lived on the Wolfstone in a spring flood . They wave again ; sing away there , my lads , cheerily ! ” and a tumultuous shout of human voices again mingled with the blast . Almost every eye was now cast out for the Dasher , and she was seen pulling with great difficulty — for a handkerchief of canvass would have been madness — towards the shelter of a projecting mass of rock , in Carne Cove , in the comparatively smooth water behind which , Helston and myself were enabled with some difficulty to get aboard . It was a moment of some excitement . Accustomed from childhood fearlessly to brave an element they might truly call their own , the gallant little crew steadily seated themselves , and taking off their hats manfully answered the encouraging cheers from aloft . The men now shipped their oars , and all having been made snug , I seated myself in the stern-sheets , near Helston , who had taken the helm . There was something fine in his weather-beaten countenance , and grey hair streaming in the breeze , as he steadily scanned the dark masses of the distant Wolf-stone — he was a true seaman . The Dasher was a boat that would live in almost any weather on this coast , head to wind ; but when she was put about , there was no little danger of her being pooped in a heavy following sea . Ours was now the former case , and as the crew put her through the contending sea , which at every stroke hit our bows and soaked us with spray , I anxiously consulted with Helston on the best means of shipping the captives on making the Wolf-stone . Keeping his eye fixed on the rock , which was grimly visible on our larboard bow , he shook his head as the portentous darkness of the sky again claimed our attention . “ If we had been delayed a quarter of an hour longer they would have been food for fishes ; ” I remarked , “ but it will be close run ; our men are doing all that strength and skill can do , but it avails little when opposed to such a power as this . ” “ Never fear , sir , we shall do yet — you are not so cool as I — how should you ? when I have braved the storms of nearly sixty winters :— but the Wolf-stone 's a spot , I will frankly confess , with which I had rather make acquaintance with a clearer sky and a flowing sheet , than on such a night as this . Just give a look-out a-head , sir , ” he added , as we were mounting a heavy sea , “ and tell me how things are aloft on the rock . ” However formidable this dreary steep might have appeared at a distance , now we were drawing near to it , the wildness and sublimity of the scene surpassed my calculations . The fugitives , who by their gestures were urging us onward , had been driven for shelter to a hollow on the leeward side of the rock , which indeed was almost the only spot that now afforded an asylum from danger . The waves as they came rolling onwards with aggravated force from the main , ever and anon burst against the isle with terrific violence , now breaking into gigantic masses , then driven in columns of sparkling spray to a vast height in the air , and now closing on every side around their victims . The isle , indeed , appeared to be menaced with total annihilation . As we could now distinguish both the brothers , we instinctively cheered them on drawing towards the landward side of the rock . They were compelled every minute to crouch and cling to the cliff under which they had taken shelter , as a huge wave burst below their feet , and struck them in its upward violence . The Wolf-stone could no longer raise its head in dominion over the main . The surf ran so high immediately around it , that to approach at all closely would only have ended in the destruction of every soul . We , therefore , hailed them as we stood under its lee , and found that in consequence of their having remained almost all night on this dreary spot , drenched with wet , and chilled with cold , any effort to swim through the surf would probably be fatal in their exhausted state . What then remained to be done ? We had ropes on board which would be of infinite service , could we only devise means to convey them to the rock . At this juncture , the services of my old Newfoundlander , Retriever , came forcibly to my mind . The poor animal had refused to be separated from me when we embarked , and lay at my feet in the boat . On his exertions therefore depended the lives of our friends . He soon understood the task he was to perform , and in another second was dashing onwards through the waves . An affecting scene now took place between the brothers , as to who should first avail himself of the approaching aid . A gigantic rush of tide , which almost swept entirely over the rock , told them , however , that time was precious . But Sam was firm . The younger brother then plunged forward and was soon drawn safely on board . He informed us , as Retriever again swam away with the rope , that he feared his brother was much more exhausted than himself . With breathless interest , therefore , we watched Sam tie the rope round his body , and enter the water . The violence of the gale , at this instant , compelled us to stand further off the rock ; indeed , within a few minutes we foresaw that its presence would only be indicated by a low black mass indistinctly seen , amidst the boiling and restless waves of the ocean ; an appearance , I was told , which it only presents in the most violent storms . Poor Sam , now seen , now lost , amid the foaming ridges of the sea , came gradually along till within about forty paces from the boat , when it was evident his strength had failed him . An arm was shot into the air , then his head and shoulders rose rapidly , and there was a sudden blank in the waters . “ Pull away , my lads , for your lives , ” we shouted , “ or he is gone ! ” “ It was a hard run thing , I reckon , sirs , ” said Mr. Habbakuk Sheepshanks , who was rather top-heavy that evening , to a numerous party who were assembled round his capacious hearth at the “ Ship-aground , ” “ but all 's well , they say , that ends well , so we 'll even drink the health of the brothers in a glass of the free genuine Cognac . ” “ What is that you say ! ” said the exciseman .... VYVYAN . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . LONDON AND THE PROVINCES COMPARED . It is the nature of prosperous communities , and the fashion of modern times , to centralize too much their numbers and their powers . But the question of distribution and proportion is almost as important in politics as that of production itself . Money and manure are not the only things which are the better for being spread . London and the country would both be gainers by transplanting bodily , a hundred miles off , some dozens of its streets — inhabitants and all . There are whole counties which we should like to colonize with the surplus talent of the metropolis . That surplus talent comprises scores of men , waiting on Providence , feeding on foolish speculations , hanging on the skirts of some frivolous circle , doing nothing there , or worse than nothing , spoiling and wasting daily , who , planted out into a sphere of more favourable opportunities , are capable of being a blessing to a neighbourhood . However , it is not a case for violent measures . We do not propose that London should be compressed into London proper ,— within the bills of mortality ; or that its clubs should be called out on country service . Patriots , philosophers , and diners out , rusticating by royal proclamation , and under the surveillance of the police , would not come with a temper very suitable to our purpose . An experiment of that sort was made under more likely circumstance , and failed ;— as all experiments must , which seek to remove the symptoms , instead of trying to act upon the cause . It was in vain that James I. pulled down the new houses as fast as they were built ; and that Charles I. ordered home the country gentlemen . Although there seems something artificial , and almost monstrous , in the actual size of London , the means which have led to this result are altogether natural . Indeed , whatever forcing has been at any time used , or prejudice fostered , has told the other way . Nothing has existed which can be called a court or courtiers for the last two hundred years ; and a sort of feudal feeling still keeps our squires faithful to their halls . Two exceptions only can be set down to our institutions . The distinction of local courts obliges the English Bar to reside near Westminster ; and the duration of a modern session substitutes a house for the family of a Member of Parliament , in the place of lodgings for himself . Under these circumstances , as “ the wen ” has not been produced , so is it not likely to be dispersed by any direct legislative application . To say the truth , the grievance , in our opinion , is not in the absolute , but in the relative amount of the wealth , intelligence , and virtue , squeezed together on those marvellous square miles upon which the capital stands . We do not grudge it the pretty country which is hid under its basement stories , any more than the social activity and happiness which live along its crowded streets . We serve ejectments upon nobody . The only question is , whether some would not do well to move of themselves . Among the hopes and objects by whose influence 1 , 200 , 000 human beings are collected on the same spot , a certain proportion will be found , which have not been at all ,— and more still , which have not been very judiciously or magnanimously , considered . There are many in the higher classes of its inhabitants especially , who , we suspect , on examining into their principles and habits , will have some difficulty in satisfying themselves that they have not chosen ill for their real happiness ; and , for all real usefulness , a great deal worse . But the mistaken notion which most strips the country of its natural guardians , is the fallacy , on the part of young and sanguine dispositions , of believing that the motives and sphere of individual action rise in proportion to the apparent magnitude of the scene . These are the absentees most to be regretted . In the single line of professional practice , and in its most successful instances , that may be the case . But in taking ninety-nine cases out of a hundred , and in every other of the varied departments of social duty , the sphere of useful action , however nominally extended , will be found to be strictly and substantially reduced . There can be as little fear that London will ever want any of the elements of an enlightened and well-constituted community , as that it will not be large enough . It is very different with the provinces . The capital offers so many real , and still more , so many plausible attractions to all that is active and refined , as well as to all that is idle and selfish in human nature , that a long list of supernumaries and expectants is sure , in every case , always to be at hand . It is the lottery into which the credulous are eager to put in ;— it is the theatre on whose stage ambition and vanity are impatient to appear ;— it is the land of Cockayne , in whose crowded mazes the selfish escape from every duty , and reduce their intercourse with their fellow-creatures to the sympathies of visiting and of shopping . It is the seat also of liberal society , and independent existence , among the friends and occupations of one 's choice . Lord Falkland , the love of his age , admitted , that quitting London was the only thing which he was not sufficiently master of himself ever to manage without a struggle . In this state of things , it is plain that nobody can be of such consequence there but that he is easily spared . The death of a town wit is handsomely celebrated , if it furnishes five minutes ’ conversation for the table where he dined the day before . He is replaced with the same regularity and indifference as fresh snuff is put into a snuff-box , or fresh flowers are set out upon the epergne . Nobody misses him . The machine goes on without perceiving that the blue-bottle or the gnat has fallen from its wheel . The vastness and multiplicity and complexity of the organization by which the movements of the capital proceed , as it were mechanically , do not act merely by diminishing the general importance of individuals to the system . Except in the case of very happy , and universal , and flowing natures , or under the influence of accidental counteractions , a personal risk , between extreme vagueness and extreme narrowness of character , is incurred by the individual himself . In respect of employment , the division of intellectual labour is so complete , that most persons in such a situation are tempted to do their own piece of work , and no more ;— to rest satisfied with manufacturing the pin 's head which happens to have fallen to their share . Does a London life tend to quicken the moral pulse and expand the heart ? The forms of society are thrown into too large a scale , and its pace is too rapid , to afford an opportunity for the sort of intercourse by which alone a real acquaintance with , understanding of , and affection for , each other can be obtained . No means exist of getting there at any thing further than talents in men , and beauty or accomplishments in women . Qualities which can be exhibited as a show are discovered and appreciated accordingly . But wisdom and virtue , which are to the mind what breath is to the body , have no part assigned or assignable to them on such a stage . A man may pass a life in London without an occasion arising by which his neighbours can learn whether he is an honest fellow or a rogue . The consequence is , that a good deal of such a man 's moral nature gets imperfectly developed , and dies away . The appropriate object is not brought sufficiently close and home to him to stimulate and call forth his latent powers . Charity is perhaps better off than most . By a satisfactory compromise , it falls into the hands of a mendicity society . But there are other virtues which do not admit of being compounded for , and their burden transferred to a committee , for two guineas a-year . In these cases the moral tax is too often evaded altogether . We are well aware that men of pleasure are far from being the only persons who have turned into a maxim of life the sentence which the Duke of Buckingham passed upon the dog which barked after him ,— “ Would to God you were married and settled in the country ! ” It is evident that the word provincial is often felt , by characters of a higher strain and object , to imply an imputation or admission of mediocrity . Now , greatly as nations differ , it is generally admitted that all capitals are pretty much alike . It follows therefore , that the characteristic spirit and principle of a nation do not appear there to most advantage . Enow worthy representatives of that spirit and principle are doubtless there ; but they are there too much as though they were not . It is an atmosphere which no individual powers can penetrate , and where it needs more than an ordinary sun to make itself felt or seen . We are satisfied that , on a just estimate of the whole case , the provinces , as distinguished from the metropolis , would be found in many instances , perhaps in most , to be the home which a wise lover of himself , and a sincere lover of his kind , would do well to fix in ;— not indeed as the scene of a brilliant or sybarite existence , but as the post of that salutary influence which sinks deepest ; and of that usefulness and happiness which last the longest ; as most visibly incorporated with , and represented by , our fellow-beings .— Edinburgh Review . INFANCY . ( From the Feuilles d'Automne of Victor Hugo , translated in the Foreign Quarterly Review .) In the dusky court , Near the altar laid , Sleeps the child in shadow , Of his mother 's bed : Softly he reposes , And his lids of roses . Closed to earth , uncloses On the heaven o'erhead . Many a dream is with him , Fresh from the fairy land , Spangled o'er with diamonds Seems the ocean sand ; Suns are gleaming there . Troops of ladies fair Souls of infants bear In their charming hand . O , enchanting vision , Lo , a rill up-springs , And , from out its bosom Comes a voice that sings . Lovelier there appear Sire and sisters dear , While his mother near , Plumes her new-born wings . But a brighter vision Yet his eyes behold ; Roses all , and lilies , Every path enfold ; Lakes in shadow sleeping , Silver fishes leaping , And the waters creeping , Through the reeds of gold . Slumber on , sweet infant . Slumber peacefully ; Thy young soul yet knows not What thy lot may be . Like dead leaves that sweep Down the stormy deep , Thou art borne in sleep , What is all to thee ? Thou canst slumber by the way ; Thou hast learnt to borrow Naught from study , naught from care ; The cold hand of sorrow , On thy brow unwrinkled yet , Where young truth and candour sit , Ne'er with rugged nail hath writ That sad word , “ To-morrow . ” Innocent , thou sleepest — See the heavenly band . Who foreknow the trials That for man are planned ; Seeing him unarmed , Unfearing , un-alarmed , With their tears have warmed His unconscious hand . Angels , hovering o'er him , Kiss him where he lies . Hark , he sees them weeping , “ Gabriel , ” he cries ; “ Hush , ” the angel says , On his lip be lays One finger , one displays His native skies . STATE OF SOCIETY IN NEW SOUTH WALES . The following exhibits but a lamentable picture of the “ milk and honey ” of this favoured land : “ The morals of the colony of New South Wales are of an exceedingly depraved description . It is so far from being a country where men begin a new life and enter upon a fresh course with resolutions of amendment , that the testimony of all respectable men examined on the subject unites in asserting that the habits of the freed men , even of those who have acquired property and have families , are of the most dissipated character . Of the emancipists , to whom grants of land have been made and who are often wealthy , very few , not more it is said than half a dozen , can be selected whose lives are not of a vicious description , who do not indulge in dishonest practices of one sort or another , and who have not risen to wealth by fostering and practising some species of villany . These men procure convicts to be assigned to them , who become members of the families , and assist them in carrying on their various frauds . In Sydney the grog shops are very numerous , and grog shops are receiving houses . A constant trade in stolen goods is going on between Sydney and the remotest parts of the colony , and even between Sydney and this country . The convicts in remote settlements have no means generally of indulging in licentiousness , but they see constantly before them the freed labourer who has , and they burn to enjoy similar privileges : and should their place of occupation be too remote from a theatre of indulgence , they get a week of holiday at Sydney , where they arrive in numbers , and , for the time they stay , wallow in every species of debauchery . In such a state of society the public standard of morality must necessarily fall to a very low degree . The leaven spreads from the corrupted part into the whole mass . Just as the slang of London thieves is become the classical language of Sydney , so do necessarily a familiarity with crime , hatred to law , and contempt for virtue , make their way into the minds and hearts of those who are untainted with actual crime . So far from a reformation being even begun in New South Wales , it would seem that roguery had been carried a degree beyond even the perfection it has reached here . Property is very insecure in Sydney , and the most extraordinary robberies take place . Mr. James Walker , in his evidence before a committee of the House of Commons , says ‘ the colony has a curious effect upon the most practised thieves in this country ; one of the most experienced thieves in London has something to learn when he comes out there ; probably he would be robbed the first night he came into his hut . ’ This was the answer given by an experienced settler to the question , whether he thought any considerable degree of reformation took place among the convicts residing at a distance from Sydney . It is nearly impossible that it should be otherwise . The master can only punish his servant by travelling with him some twenty or thirty miles to a police magistrate , by which he loses his own time , the labour of his servant , perhaps for months , if he is condemned to a road gang , and after his return has little advantage from his services . Unwillingness to work for a master who has been the cause of his punishment is a difficult feeling to counteract . The convict has the game in his own hands : he either does no work , wounds himself , falls sick , or perhaps , and it is not uncommon , spoils either the materials entrusted to him , or the tools which have been put into his hands . “ Mr. Busby , when asked respecting the prevalence of bush-rangers , who are escaped convicts and others who have taken to the bush , says , in his Evidence ( 5th Aug. 1831 ,) that within the last twelve months , or two years , bush-rangers have been so numerous that it was scarcely possible to travel a hundred miles on the road without being stopped : there was scarcely a newspaper , in which there were not two or three instances of persons , of every rank , being stopped . It was quite an unusual thing formerly — but of late there has been a regular system of highway robbery . The laws that have been enacted to put down this horrible state of things , will serve for an index of the condition of the colony . They do away with every appearance of personal liberty . ‘ One act empowered magistrates to issue a warrant , authorizing constables to enter or break into any house , within their district or county , by day or night , at their own discretion ; and to seize any person they might suspect to be highway robbers or burglars ; or any individual in the colony , without any warrant or authority , may take another into custody , on the mere suspicion that he is a convict illegally at large : if it appear to the magistrate that he had a just or probable cause for suspicion , he is justified in doing so . The onus of proving that he is not a convict illegally at large , is thrown upon the suspected person , and if that is not established to the satisfaction of the magistrate , he is liable to be retained in custody , or sent to Sydney to be examined and dealt with . ’ “ The number of executions in New South Wales in the year 1830 exceeded the whole number of executions in England and Wales , in the same year ; which , taking the proportion of the populations of the countries , makes capital punishments upwards of three hundred and twenty-five times as frequent as in the mother country . This horrid fact is pretty well , of itself , an answer to all argument drawn from the idea of Reformation . But direct testimony is abundant . Major McArthur , the son of one of the wealthiest and most extensive settlers in the colony , and to whom it owes so much for its present progress in production and commerce , states , ‘ It is painful to know that those whose sentences have expired , or to whom pardons have been granted , seldom or ever incline to reform , even when they have acquired property . Intoxication and fraud are habitual to them ; and hardly six persons can be named throughout the colony , who , being educated men , and having been transported for felonies , have afterwards become sober , moral , and industrious members of the community . Crime is of constant occurrence , and so completely organized , that cattle are carried off from the settlers in large numbers , and slaughtered for the traders in Sydney , who contract with the commissariat . It is not , therefore , the vicious habits alone of the town which are to be dreaded , but the effects that are communicated and felt throughout the country . The agricultural labourer is encouraged to plunder his master , by finding a ready sale for the property he steals , and whenever his occupations call him to the towns , he sees and yields himself to the vicious habits around him . He returns intoxicated and unsettled to his employer 's farm , and incites his comrades to the same sensual indulgences , with equal disregard of the risk and the consequences . To these causes the present vitiated and disorganized state of the convicts in New South Wales is chiefly attributable ; and the extent of the evil maybe in some degree estimated , when it is stated that the expense of the police establishment amounts to more than 20 , 000l . per annum for a population of 40 , 000 souls . ” Foreign Quarterly Review . THE GATHERER Premiers .— The following list of premiers , from the accession of George III . to 1832 , with the number of peers created during their respective premierships , may be acceptable at the present period :— Lord Chatham , 9 ; Lord Bute , 9 ; George Grenville , 4 ; Lord Rockingham , 4 ; Duke of Grafton , none ; Lord North , 27 ; Lord Shelburn , none ; Mr. Fox , 7 ; Mr. Pitt , 90 ; Mr. Addington , 24 ; Lord Grenville , 3 ; Duke of Portland , 4 ; Mr. Perceval , none ; Lord Liverpool , 50 ; Mr. Canning , 7 ; Lord Goderich , 6 ; Duke of Wellington , 2 ; and Earl Grey , 25 .— W. G. C . Peers .— Number of peers ( in the present peerage ) created by each sovereign , from the reign of Henry III . ( 1264 ) to the accession of his present majesty :— Henry III ., 2 ; Edward I ., 7 ; Edward II ., 6 ; Edward III ., 1 ; Henry VI ., 5 ; Henry VII , 1 ; Henry VIII ., 6 ; Edward VI ., 2 ; Mary , 2 ; Elizabeth , 8 ; James I ., 15 ; Charles I ., 10 ; Charles II ., 16 ; James II ., 1 ; William III ., 7 ; Anne , 14 ; George I ., 15 ; George II ., 20 ; George III ., 145 ; George IV ., 46 . W. G. C . Theatrical Property in France .— A dramatic author in France is entitled , every night that his play is performed , to a fixed sum per act , viz . 10 francs , for Paris ; 5 francs for the large theatres in the country ; 3 francs for the second-rate provincial theatres ; and 2 francs for the third-rate . A bureau is established by government , to receive the contributions , and any manager neglecting to make a return , is punished by a heavy fine ; the amount of which goes to the author . The advantages arising from this system are also enjoyed by the widow and children of the author . It is calculated that the author of the Ecole des Viellards , derives nightly , from the performance of that piece , in Paris , and the provinces , about 500 francs . Scribe , a successful vaudeville writer , is in receipt of a handsome income ; and Merle was able , from the contributions upon his pieces , to open the Port St. Martin Theatre , upon a liberal scale , and thus to lay the foundation of a brilliant fortune . T. GILL . A Magdalene .— - A French bishop preaching , exclaimed , “ A Magdalene is present , she is looking at me , I will not mention her name , but I will throw my book at her . ” He then raised his arm as if to put his threat into execution , when all the women in the church ducked their heads . “ What , ” said he , “ all Magdalenes . ” SWAINE . Unwelcome Title .— Charles Incledon , the vocalist , being asked if he had ever read Murray 's Sermons to Asses , replied , “ he had not , he did not like the book , the title was too personal . ” Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House .) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic , G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .