THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIII , NO . 362 .] SATURDAY , MARCH 21 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . CHESTER TERRACE , REGENT 'S PARK . CHESTER TERRACE , REGENT 'S PARK . On the annexed page is a spirited representation of this splendid range of palatial residences , which present as noble an appearance as any similar structure in the Park . To familiarize the topography of Chester Terrace , we should say it stands between the Colosseum and St. Katharine 's Church , these being the most conspicuous buildings in the circle ; and the majestic cupola of the former building is shown in the distance of our engraving . This terrace is named from the royal earldom of Chester . It is from the designs of Mr. Nash , the architect of York Terrace engraved in our No . 358 . Like the majority of that gentleman 's works , Chester Terrace evinces great genius , with many of its irregularities . It is of the Corinthian order of architecture , characterized by its richness ; but the present specimen is weak in its details , and the form and proportions of its balustrade are starved and lanky . The capitals of the columns want the gracefulness of the Corinthian , and the volutes are but puny illustrations of that beautiful order . Leaving these defects to be further scrutinized by the more critical spectator , we cannot fail to be impressed with this grand and commanding terrace ; the composition exhibits great genius and powerful conception ; and the effect of the whole would be extremely beautiful , were it not for the defective details . At each end of the terrace is a Corinthian arch , the idea of which is altogether novel . These arches connect with pavilion temple-like mansions , and their effect is very rich and picturesque . They remind one of some of the trophied glories of old Rome — the arches beneath which her laurelled heroes passed in triumphal state . Chester Terrace may , therefore , be said to associate otium cum dignitate , since these arches give a splendid finish to the range of handsome residences . The mementos of Roman triumph still remain ; but a century hence , where will be the lath-and-plaster glories of the Regent 's Park ? HAVER . ( For the Mirror .) “ Haver ” is a common word in the northern counties for oats ; as “ haver bread , ” for oaten bread ; perhaps properly “ aven , ” from “ avena , ” Latin for oats . Query .— Is not “ haversack , ” or , Gallice , “ havre-sac , ” a bag to carry a soldier 's bread and provisions , derived from the same word ? W. T. H . ANCIENT POWER OF THE HARO , OR HAROL . ( For the Mirror .) Clamour de haro is a cry or formula of invoking the assistance of justice against the violence of some offender , who , upon hearing of the word haro , is obliged to desist , on pain of being severely punished for his outrage , and to go with the party before the judge . The word is commonly derived of ha and roul , as being supposed an invocation of the sovereign power , to assist the weak against the strong , on occasion of Raoul , first duke of Normandy , about the year 912 , who rendered himself venerable to his subjects , by the severity of his justice ; so that they called on him , even after his death , when they suffered any oppression . Some derive it from Harola , king of Denmark , who , in the year 826 , was made grand conservator of justice at Mentz . Others from the Danish a a rau , help me , a cry raised by the Normans in flying from a king of Denmark , named Roux , who made himself duke of Normandy . The haro had anciently such vast power , that a poor man of the city of Caen , named Asselin , in virtue thereof , arrested the corpse of William the Conqueror , in the middle of the funeral procession , till such time as his son Henry had paid the value of the land in question , which was that whereon the chapel was built wherein he was interred . P. T. W . THE GREAT TUN OF KONIGSTEIN . ( For the Mirror .) One of the greatest curiosities in the neighbourhood of Dresden is the Great Tun , erected at Fort Konigstein by General Kyaw , the height of which is 17 Dresden ells , and its diameter at the bung 12 ells . This vast vessel , which is always replenished with excellent wine , is capable of containing 3 , 709 hogsheads ; and on its head is a plate with a Latin inscription , to the following purport :— “ Welcome , traveller , and admire this monument , dedicated to festivity , in order to exhilarate the mind with a glass , in the year 1725 , by Frederick Augustus , king of Poland and elector of Saxony , the father of his country , the Titus of the age , the delight of mankind . Therefore , drink to the health of the sovereign , the country , the electoral family , and Baron Kyaw , governor of Konigstein ; and if thou art able , according to the dignity of this cask , the most capacious of all casks , drink to the prosperity of the whole universe — and so farewell . ” INA . THE COOK AND THE CRANES . FROM THE SPANISH . ( For the Mirror .) Don John de Ayala ,— a chap Whose worst mishap Was to be curs 'd with a purloining cook . ( A fellow , who ‘ twas plain Play 'd “ cut and come again , ” And scarcely reck 'd , if all was seen he took .) Don John de Ayala , went forth to look For birds , and shot a crane ; Which , forthwith giving the aforesaid knave To cook , according to the Spanish taste ; He , to his dainty-loving sposa gave A leg at once , well deeming , that to waste So fair an opportunity for sin Would be ( as he should say a burning shame ;) But , when the bird , at dinner-time went in , Cried Juan , “ Where 's the left leg of my game ? ” “ Soul of my body , sir ! ” roar 'd cook ,— no fire In his own kitchen , showing phiz more red , Yet whether thus , from guilt he blazed , or ire , Or shame perdie , hath ne'er been sung or said , “ Soul of my body !— other leg ?— Well done !— No crane that e'er I saw , had more than one . ” Juan , thus silenc 'd , but not satisfied , In his own mind revolv 'd The neatest way Of telling master Brazenface , he lied ; And so resolv 'd To take him out crane-shooting the next day . They went :— “ Well , cook , ” quoth Ayala , “ for fun I 've brought thee here , Where quickly ‘ twill appear That if cranes have not two legs ,— why , they 've none . ” “ Say you so , Senor ?— look !— yon long-neck 'd flock , Each bird of it on one foot , ends the matter ; Ay — there they stand ,— as firm as any rock , I swear by ev'ry dish I ever broke , or platter . ” Straight to the flock , flight , covey , ( we 've no name In Albion , to designate such game .) Rush 'd Ayala , whose hearty psho ! psho ! psho ! Took the cranes off one leg ,— discovering two , As up they rose , on rustling , sullen wing : “ Well cook ? ” “ Why , body of my soul , sir , there 's the thing , Had you said psho ! psho ! to your roasted crane , Belike you 'd seen its hidden leg again ! ” M. L. B . SPOONS . ( For the Mirror .) Spoons are objects of great antiquity , and our forefathers bestowed great pains in enriching them with masterly workmanship . So much did taste and fashion rule the time then , that spoons were distinguished as it were by so many devices . It was , and is still with some persons , a custom to present spoons at christenings , or on visiting “ the lady in the straw ; ” and in both cases they were adorned with suitable imagery . A gentleman with whom I am acquainted , and who “ keeps a cabinet of curiosities , ” lately showed me two very curious silver spoons , which he informed me had remained in his family many years ; but how they became possessed of them , he could only say that he attributed it to the custom of presenting spoons on certain occasions . One was beautifully wrought ; the bowl was very large , and its edges carved with exquisite workmanship . In the middle of the bowl was a representation of “ the nativity , ” carved in so masterly a manner , that , although it was considerably defaced , it must have required the ablest artists to accomplish . The handle , which was likewise superbly carved , ended in a figure of the Virgin Mary , with our Saviour in her lap . The other spoon was so much injured , that we could trace out nothing decisive ; although here and there we could perceive it had been richly ornamented . The same gentleman also showed me a set of Apostle-spoons , which , although objects of curiosity , had , in conformity with the prevailing fashion , undergone the alteration of the silversmith . There were twelve of them , each of which represented an Apostle , boldly carved on the handle ; a large round hat is placed on each of their heads , which was probably to save the features from being injured . They are standing on the stem of the spoon , which is carved somewhat like a Doric pillar . The bowls are very large and deep , and are rather awkwardly turned in at the sides . A complete set , in good condition , is very rare and valuable ; and it is to be regretted that so many of these relics have fallen into the silversmith 's furnace , merely for the sake of their silver . Apostle-spoons were presented by sponsors or visiters at christenings and at marriages ; and those who could not afford a complete set , gave one or two , as their circumstances might permit . Some presented a spoon with the figure of the saint after whom the child was baptized , or to whom it was dedicated . In his “ Bartholomew Fair , ” Ben Jonson has a character to say , “ And all this for a couple of apostle-spoons and a cup to eat caudle in . ” Likewise in the “ Noble Gentleman , ” by Beaumont and Fletcher , “ I 'll be a gossip , Bewford — I have an odd apostle-spoon . ” In “ The Gossips , ” a poem , by Shipman , in 1666 , there is the following mention of the custom of presenting apostle-spoons at christenings , which it appears was then on the decline :— “ Formerly , when they used to troul Gilt bowls of sack , they gave the bowl Two spoons at least — an use ill kept ; ‘ Tis well if now our own be left . ” On St. Paul 's , or any other apostle 's day , it was usual for persons of quality to send round a present of a spoon with the figure of such apostle to their friends . In some Catholic families these and the before-mentioned customs are still retained , though I question whether the spoons are enriched with such superb workmanship . W. H. H . THE TOPOGRAPHER . HORSHAM , SUSSEX . The town of Horsham is pleasantly situated on the liver Arun , in the county of Sussex , about 36 miles S. by W. of London . It is a borough , and contains the county gaol . The spring assizes are likewise held here . Horsham is of considerable antiquity . It was founded by Horsa , the Saxon , about the year A. D. 450 , to employ his soldiers while he was enslaved by the captivating chains of a lovely country girl , the daughter of a woodman in the forest . The town was named after himself , Horsa , and the Saxon word Ham , signifying a home . Horsa was killed in Kent , in a battle fought between the Britons and the Saxons , and was buried at Horsted , named also after him , Horsa , and Sted , signifying a place . The foundation of the church is uncertain ; but it can be traced as far back as the reign of Henry I. A. D. 1100 . The oldest tombstone in the church is to the memory of Robert Hurst , of Hurst Hill , in this county , who died 1483 . [ 1 ] The church is at the southern extremity of the town , at the foot of Denne , or Dane Hill , on the summit of which is an artificial mound , raised by the Danes after the death of Guthrum , their chief , to defend themselves from Alfred the Great . The top of this mound commands an extensive view , a most prominent feature of which is a part of the forest of St. Leonard , called Mike Mills ’ Race , a beautiful avenue , a mile and a quarter long , containing about 15 , 000 full-grown trees . There is a legend connected with this “ race , ” viz . that this part of Horsham Forest was the haunt of Mike Mills , a noted smuggler , whom his Satanic Majesty had often endeavoured to carry off in vain . He therefore determined on attacking him in his strong hold ; and accordingly met Mike one night accompanied by other more congenial spirits , when old Nick challenged Mike as his property . Mike , nothing daunted , set down his tubs , took advantage of Nick 's old age , and challenged him to a race . “ If you can catch me , Nick , before I get to the end of the avenue , you shall have me ; if not , you 'll have nothing more to do with me . ” — “ Agreed , ” says Nick . Away ran Mike — away ran Nick . Nick being of too hot a temperament was soon knocked up , and Mike won the race by half a mile ; from which circumstance the place was named , and Mike Mills rendered immortal . W. BERGER . [ 1 ] The steeple of the church , which is 150 feet high , is shingled , which is the prevailing mode of the village churches in Sussex . It has also one of the finest windows in Sussex . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS DEATH OF CAPTAIN CLAPPERTON AT SOCCATOO . Agreeably to our promise at the close of the Memoir of Captain Clapperton , prefixed to Vol . XI . of THE MIRROR , we subjoin the following very interesting narrative of the death of this enterprizing traveller , as narrated by Richard Lander , his servant . It forms , perhaps , the most attractive portion of the Journal of the Second Expedition , just published ; and to the readers of the foregoing memoir , will afford still further illustration of all that we have there said of the high character of Clapperton , and his faithful attendant , Lander . On the 12th of March 1827 , I was greatly alarmed on finding my dear master attacked with dysentery . He had been complaining a day or two previously of a burning heat in his stomach , unaccompanied , however , by any other kind of pain . From the moment he was taken ill he perspired freely , and big drops of sweat were continually rolling over every part of his body , which weakened him exceedingly . It being the fast of Rhamadan , I could get no one , not even our own servants , to render me the least assistance . I washed the clothes , which was an arduous employment , and obliged to be done eight or nine times each day , lit and kept in the fire , and prepared the victuals myself ; and in the intermediate time was occupied in fanning my poor master , which was also a tedious employment . Finding myself unable to pay proper attention to his wants in these various avocations , I sent to Mallam Mudey , on the 13th , entreating him to send me a female slave to perform the operation of fanning . On her arrival I gave her a few beads , and she immediately began her work with spirit ; but she soon relaxed in her exertions , and becoming tired , ran away , on pretence of going out for a minute , and never returned . Alla Sellakee , a young man my master had purchased on the road from Kano to take care of the camels , and whom he had invariably treated with his usual kindness , and given him his freedom , no sooner was made acquainted with his master 's illness than he became careless and idle , and instead of leading the camels to the rich pasturage in the vicinity of Soccatoo , let them stray whereever they pleased , whilst he himself either loitered about the city , or mixed with the most degraded people in it : by this means the camels became quite lean ; and being informed of the reason , I told my master , who instantly discharged him from his service . My master grew weaker daily , and the weather was insufferably hot , the thermometer being , in the coolest place , 107 at twelve in the morning , and 109 at three in the afternoon . At his own suggestion I made a couch for him outside the hut , in the shade , and placed a mat for myself by its side . For five successive days I took him in my arms from his bed in the hut to the couch outside , and back again at sunset , after which time he was too much debilitated to be lifted from the bed on which he lay . He attempted to write once , and but once , during his illness ; but before paper and ink could be brought him , he had sunk back on his pillow , completely exhausted by his ineffectual attempt to sit up in his bed . Fancying by various symptoms he had been poisoned , I asked him one day whether he thought that , in any of his visits the Arabs or Tuaricks , any poisonous ingredients had been put into the camel 's milk they had given him , of which he was particularly fond . He replied , “ No , my dear boy ; no such thing has been done , I assure you . Do you remember , ” he continued , “ that when on a shooting excursion at Magaria , in the early part of February , after walking the whole of the day , exposed to the scorching rays of the sun , I was fatigued , and lay down under the branches of a tree for some time ? The earth was soft and wet , and from that hour to the present I have not been free from cold : this has brought on my present disorder , from which , I believe , I shall never recover . ” For twenty days my poor master remained in a low and distressed state . He told me he felt no pain ; but this was spoken only to comfort me , for he saw I was dispirited . His sufferings must have been acute . During this time he was gradually , but perceptibly , declining ; his body , from being robust and vigorous , became weak and emaciated , and indeed was little better than a skeleton . I was the only person , with one exception , he saw in his sickness . Abderachman , an Arab from Fezzan , came to him one day , and wished to pray with him , after the manner of his countrymen , but was desired to leave the apartment instantly . His sleep was uniformly short and disturbed , and troubled with frightful dreams . In them he frequently reproached the Arabs aloud with much bitterness ; but being an utter stranger to the language , I did not understand the tenor of his remarks . I read to him daily some portions of the New Testament , and the 95th Psalm , which he was never weary of listening to , and on Sundays added the church service , to which he invariably paid the profoundest attention . The constant agitation of mind and exertions of body I had myself undergone for so long a time , never having in a single instance slept out of my clothes , weakened me exceedingly , and a fever came on not long before my master 's death , which hung upon me for fifteen days , and ultimately brought me to the very verge of the grave . Finding myself unequal to pay that attention to my master 's wants which his situation so particularly required , I solicited and obtained his consent to have old Pascoe once more to assist me . On entering the hut , he fell on his knees , and prayed to be forgiven , promising to be faithful to my master 's service . Master immediately pardoned him , and said he would forget all that had passed , if he conducted himself well : by this means the washing and all the drudgery was taken from my shoulders , and I was enabled to devote all my time and attention to my master 's person . I fanned him for hours together , and this seemed to cool the burning heat of his body , of which he repeatedly complained . Almost the whole of his conversation turned upon his country and friends , but I never heard him regret his leaving them ; indeed he was patient and resigned to the last , and a murmur of disappointment never escaped his lips . On the 1st of April , he became considerably worse , and though evidently in want of repose , his sleep became more and more disturbed . He swallowed eight drops of laudanum , four times a day , for three days ; but finding it did him not the least benefit , he discontinued taking it altogether : this , with the exception of two papers of Seidlitz powders and four ounces of Epsom salts , was the only medicine he had during his illness . On the 9th , Maddic , a native of Bornou , whom master had retained in his service , brought him about twelve ounces of green bark from the butter tree , and said it would do him much good . Notwithstanding all my remonstrances , master immediately ordered a decoction of it to be prepared , observing , “ No man will injure me . ” Accordingly Maddie himself boiled two basins-full , the whole of which he drank in less than an hour . Next morning he was much altered for the worse , and regretted his not having followed my advice . About twelve o'clock of the same day , he said , “ Richard , I shall shortly be no more ; I feel myself dying . ” Almost choked with grief , I replied , “ God forbid , my dear master : you will live many years yet . ” “ Do n't be so much affected , my dear boy , I entreat you , ” said he : “ it is the will of the Almighty ; it cannot be helped . Take care of my journal and papers after my death ; and when you arrive in London , go immediately to my agents , send for my uncle , who will accompany you to the colonial office , and let him see you deposit them safely into the hands of the secretary . After I am buried , apply to Bello , and borrow money to purchase camels and provisions for your journey over the desert , and go in the train of the Arab merchants to Fezzan . On your arrival there , should your money be exhausted , send a messenger to Mr. Warrington , our consul at Tripoli , and wait till he returns with a remittance . On reaching Tripoli , that gentleman will advance what money you may require , and send you to England the first opportunity . Do not lumber yourself with my books ; leave them behind , as well as the barometer , boxes , and sticks , and indeed every heavy article you can conveniently part with ; give them to Malam Mudey , who will take care of them . The wages I agreed to give you my agents will pay , as well as the sum government allowed me for a servant ; you will of course receive it , as Columbus has never served me . Remark what towns or villages you pass through ; pay attention to whatever the chiefs may say to you , and put it on paper . The little money I have , and all my clothes , I leave you : sell the latter , and put what you may receive for them into your pocket ; and if , on your journey , you should be obliged to expend it , government will repay you on your return . ” I said , as well as my agitation would permit me , “ If it be the will of God to take you , you may rely on my faithfully performing , as far as I am able , all that you have desired ; but I trust the Almighty will spare you , and you will yet live to see your country . ” “ I thought I should at one time , Richard , ” continued he ; “ but all is now over ; I shall not be long for this world ; but God 's will be done . ” He then took my hand betwixt his , and looking me full in the face , while a tear stood glistening in his eye , said , in a low but deeply affecting tone , “ My dear Richard , if you had not been with me , I should have died long ago ; I can only thank you , with my latest breath , for your kindness and attachment to me , and if I could have lived to return with you , you should have been placed beyond the reach of want ; but God will reward you . ” This conversation occupied nearly two hours , in the course of which my master fainted several times , and was distressed beyond measure . The same evening he fell into a slumber , from which he awoke in much perturbation , and said he had heard with much distinctness the tolling of an English funeral bell : I entreated him to be composed , and observed that sick people frequently fancy they hear and see things which can possibly have no existence . He made no reply . About six o'clock in the morning of the 11th , on asking how he did , my master answered he was much better , and requested me to shave him . He had not sufficient strength to lift his head from the pillow ; and after finishing one side of the face , I was obliged to turn his head , in order to shave the other . As soon as it was done , he desired me to fetch him a looking-glass which hung on the other side of the hut . On seeing himself in it , he observed that he looked quite as ill at Bornou , on his former journey : and as he had borne his disorder so long a time , he might yet recover . On the following day he still fancied himself getting better . I began to flatter myself , also , that he was considerably improved . He eat a bit of hashed guinea-fowl in the day , which he had not done before since his illness , deriving his sole sustenance from a little fowl-soup and milk and water . On the morning of the 13th , however , being awake , I was much alarmed by a peculiar rattling noise , proceeding from my master 's throat , and his breathing was loud and difficult ; at the same instant he called out , “ Richard ! ” in a low and hurried tone . I was immediately at his side , and was astonished at seeing him sitting upright in his bed , and staring wildly around . I held him in my arms , and placing his head gently on my left shoulder , gazed a moment on his pale and altered features ; some indistinct expressions quivered on his lips ; he strove , but ineffectually , to give them utterance , and expired without a struggle or a sigh . When I found my poor master so very ill , I called out with all my strength , “ O God , my master is dying ! ” which brought Pascoe and Mudey into the apartment . Shortly after the breath had left his body , I desired Pasco to fetch some water , with which I washed the corpse . I then got Pascoe and Mudey to assist me in taking it outside of the hut , laid it on a clean mat , and wrapped it in a sheet and blanket . Leaving it in this state two hours , I put a large clean mat over the whole , and sent a messenger to Sultan Bello , to acquaint him of the mournful event , and ask his permission to bury the body after the manner of my own country , and also to know in what particular place his remains were to be interred . The messenger soon returned with the sultan 's consent to the former part of my request ; and about twelve o'clock at noon of the same day a person came into my hut , accompanied by four slaves , sent by Bello to dig the grave . I was desired to follow them with the corpse . Accordingly , I saddled my camel , and putting the body on its back , and throwing a union-jack over it , I bade them proceed . Travelling at a slow pace , we halted at Jungavie , a small village , built on a rising ground , about five miles to the south-east of Soccatoo . The body was then taken from the camel 's back , and placed in a shed , whilst the slaves were digging the grave ; which being quickly done , it was conveyed close to it . I then opened a prayer-book , and , amid showers of tears , read the funeral service over the remains of my valued master . Not a single person listened to this peculiarly distressing ceremony , the slaves being at some distance , quarrelling and making a most indecent noise the whole of the time it lasted . This being done , the union-jack was taken off , and the body was slowly lowered into the earth , and I wept bitterly as I gazed for the last time upon all that remained of my generous and intrepid master . The pit was speedily filled , and I returned to the village , about thirty yards to the east of the grave , and giving the most respectable inhabitants , both male and female , a few trifling presents , entreated them to let no one disturb its sacred contents , I also gave them 2 , 000 cowries to build a house , four feet high , over the spot , which they promised to do . I then returned , disconsolate and oppressed , to my solitary habitation , and leaning my head on my hand , could not help being deeply affected with my lonesome and dangerous situation ; a hundred and fifteen days ’ journey from the sea-coast , surrounded by a selfish and cruel race of strangers , my only friend and protector mouldering in his grave , and myself suffering dreadfully from fever . I felt , indeed , as if I stood alone in the world , and earnestly wished I had been laid by the side of my dear master : all the trying evils I had endured never affected me half so much as the bitter reflections of that distressing period . After a sleepless night , I went alone to the grave , and found that nothing had been done , nor did there seem the least inclination on the part of the inhabitants of the village to perform their agreement . Knowing it would be useless to remonstrate with them , I hired two slaves at Soccatoo the next day , who went immediately to work , and the house over the grave was finished on the 15th . One instance , out of many of the kindness and affection with which my departed master uniformly treated me , occurred at Jenna , on our journey into the interior . I was dangerously ill with fever in that place , when he generously gave up his own bed to me , and slept himself on my mat , watched over me with parental assiduity and tenderness , and ministered to all my wants . No one can express the joy he felt on my recovery ; and who , possessing a spark of gratitude , could help returning it but by the most inviolable attachment and devoted zeal ? It was his sympathy for me in all my sufferings that had so powerful a claim on my feelings and affections , and taught me to be grateful to him in hours of darkness and distress , when pecuniary recompense was entirely out of the question . The great sufferings , both mental and bodily , I had undergone at the death and burial of my master , and the constant agitation in which I was kept , occasioned a rapid increase in my disorder ; and on the 16th I could with difficulty crawl round my hut , and was obliged to lay myself on my mat , from which I had not strength to arise till the 27th ; old Pascoe , during that period , being very kind and attentive to me . In the course of this day ( 27th ) the Gadado , Malem Moodie , and Sidi Sheik , came with a commission from the sultan to search my boxes , as he had been informed they were filled with gold and silver ; but , to their great amazement , found I had not sufficient money to defray my expenses to the sea-coast . They , however , took an inventory of all my articles , and carried it to Bello . The gold watch intended for him , and the private watches of Captains Clapperton and Pearce , I had taken the precaution to conceal about my person . In a short time the Gadado and his companions returned with a message from the sultan , commanding me to deliver to them the following articles , viz . a rifle-gun , double-barrelled ditto , two bags of ball , a canister of powder , a bag of flints , a ream and a half of paper , and six gilt chains , for which he promised to give me whatever I might ask . I consequently charged him 245 , 000 cowries , which I was to receive from Hadji Hat Sallah , at Kano ; and an order was given me to receive this sum , and , what more I might require in my journey over the Great Desert . A letter was also sent by me to Hadji Hat Sallah . SONG . My Mary of the curling hair , The laughing teeth , and bashful air , Our bridal morn is dawning fair , With blushes in the skies . Shule ! Shule ! Shule , agra ! Shule asucur , agus shule , aroon ! [ 2 ] My love ! my pearl ! My own dear girl ! My mountain maid arise ! Wake , linnet of the osier grove ! Wake , trembling , stainless , virgin dove ! Wake , nestling of a parent 's love ! Let Moran see thine eyes . Shule , Shule , & c . I am no stranger , proud and gay , To win thee from thy home away , And find thee , for a distant day , A theme for wasting signs . Shule , Shule , & c . But we were known from infancy , Thy father 's hearth was home to me , No selfish love was mine for thee , Unholy and unwise . Shule , Shule , & c . And yet , ( to see what love can do !) Though calm my hope has burned , and true , My cheek is pale and worn for you , And sunken are mine eyes ! Shule , Shule , & c . But soon my love shall be my bride And happy by our own fire-side , My veins shall feel the rosy tide , That lingering Hope denies . Shule , Shule , & c . My Mary of the curling hair , The laughing teeth and bashful air , Our bridal morn is dawning fair , With blushes in the skies . Shule ! Shule ! Shule , agra ! Shule , asucur , agus shule , aroon ! My love ! my pearl ! My own dear girl ! My mountain maid , arise !— The Collegians [ 2 ] Come ! come ! Come , my darling — Come , softly ,— and come , my love ! SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . Pyrothonide . A French physician has lately introduced into the Materia Medica , a substance produced by the combustion of linen , hemp , or cotton cloth , in the open air . He considers it useful in various inflammatory affections , especially in opthalmia , or diseases of the eye , and chilblains . To prepare pyrothonide , take a handful of cloth , old or new , place it in a shallow basin , set fire to it , moving it about , so that the basin do not become too hot ; after the combustion is finished , throw out the ashes ; at the bottom of the vessel will be found a semi-aqueous , semi-oleaginous product , of a reddish brown colour , and possessing a pungent odour . Pour upon this 5 oz . of cold water , which will dissolve it entirely , forming the solution of pyrothonide , which is used in a more or less diluted state , as may be requisite , for collyria , fomentations , & c — Medical Journal . French Carpet . At the exhibition in the Louvre for 1827 , was a carpet which occupied two years in making , and contains 3 or 4 , 000 ostrich feathers . French Pigs . Whoever has travelled from Calais to Paris must have noticed the lank , greyhound-like forms of the French pigs ; but it is not perhaps generally known that the Chinese and English breeds are getting into use for crossing . The fact that there are four millions of pigs yearly killed in France , shows of how great importance they are to agriculturists . Indian Plaster . All the fine plaster with which the walls of the houses are covered in India , and which is so much admired by strangers , is composed of a mixture of fine lime and soapstone , rubbed down with water : when the plaster is nearly dry , it is rubbed over with a dry piece of soapstone , which gives it a polish very much resembling that of well-polished marble . Method of preserving Currants fresh till January or February . When the fruit is ripe , choose those bushes enjoying a southern aspect , and which are most convenient in their shape , and most loaded with fruit , and surround them with thick straw mats , so that they shall be completely sheltered from atmospheric cold and other changes . By this simple method it will be found that the fruit may be preserved quite fresh till after Christmas . H. B. A . Chromate of Iron . Is used in painting , dyeing , and calico-printing ; and its value is so great , the proprietor of a serpentine tract in Shetland , where chromate of iron was found by Professor Jameson , cleared , in a few years , 8 , 000l .— Dr . Murray . Temperature of Springs . In those situations where the cold is not sufficient to hinder the circulation of water , the temperature of perennial springs is almost identical with the atmosphere . Thus , in the vicinity of Edinburgh , the temperature of the perennial springs agrees with the mean temperature of the atmosphere . The same is the case in the whole of Atlantic Europe , and also to a great extent in Southern Europe . The temperature of springs in northern regions , when the surface water is frozen , is higher than the mean temperature of the superincumbent atmosphere ; and in the countries from the south of Europe to the Tropic , the temperature of springs is lower than that of the medium temperature of the atmosphere . Humboldt 's Journey to Siberia . Humboldt , although now past his 60th year , will leave Germany in the spring , accompanied by Professor G. Rose , for Siberia . He will probably extend his researches to the high land which separates India from the Russian empire . Egyptian Manuscript relative to the History of Sesostris . At the sitting of the Aix Academy , on the 3rd of August , M. Sallier read a report of some very important discoveries in Egyptian history , made at his house , and amongst his Egyptian papyri , by M. Champollion , jeune . The latter gentleman was on his way to Egypt with M. Rosellini , and stopped two days with M. Sallier previous to proceeding to Toulon for the purpose of embarking . During this short period he examined ten or twelve Egyptian papyri , which had been purchased some years ago , with other antiquities , from an Egyptian sailor . They were principally prayers or rituals which had been deposited with mummies ; but there was also the contract of the sale of a house in the reign of one of the Ptolemies ; and finally three rolls united together and written over with fine demotic characters , reserved , as is well known , for civil purposes . The first of these rolls was of considerable size , and to M. Champollion 's astonishment contained a History of the Campaigns of Sesostris Rhamses , called also Sethos , or Sethosis , and Sesoosis , giving accounts the most circumstantial of his conquests , the countries which he traversed , his forces , and details of his army . The manuscript is finished with a declaration of the historian , who , after stating his names and titles , says he wrote in the ninth year of the reign of Sesostris Rhamses , king of kings , a lion in combats , & c . M. Champollion has promised , that , on his return from Egypt , he will fix the manuscript on cloth for its future preservation , and give a complete translation . The period of the history is close to the time of Moses ; and apparently the great Sesostris was the son of the king who pursued the Israelites to the borders of the Red Sea ; so that a most important period in ancient history will be elucidated . On the same MS. commences another composition , called Praises of the great King Amemnengon . There are only a few leaves of it , and they form the beginning of the history contained in the second roll . This Amemnengon is supposed to have reigned before Sesostris , because the author wrote in the ninth year of the reign of the latter . M. Champollion had not time to enter into a particular examination of these rolls . The third roll relates to astronomy or astrology , or more likely to both these subjects . It has not been far opened ; but will probably prove of the utmost interest , if , as it is expected , it contains any account of the system of the heavens as known to or acknowledged by the Egyptians and Chaldeans , the authors of astronomical science . A small basaltic figure was purchased with the MSS ., and it is supposed found with them . On the shoulders of the figure is written in hieroglyphic characters the name , with the addition of clerk and friend of Sesostris . It did not occur to ascertain , until M. Champollion was gone , whether the name on the figure was the same with any of those mentioned in the rolls as belonging to the historian , or to others .— From the French . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE VICAR . A SECOND EVERY-DAY CHARACTER . Some years ago , ere time and taste Had turn 'd our parish topsy-turvy , When Darnel Park was Darnel Waste , And roads as little known as scurvy , The man who lost his way between St. Mary 's Hill and Sandy Thicket , Was always shown across the Green , And guided to the parson 's wicket . Back flew the bolt of lissom lath ; Fair Margaret , in her tidy kirtle , Led the lorn traveller up the path , Through clean clipt rows of box and myrtle . And Don and Sancho , Tramp and Tray , Upon the parlour steps collected , Wagg 'd all their tails , and seem 'd to say , “ Our master knows you ; you 're expected . ” Uprose the Reverend Dr. Brown , Uprose the doctor 's “ winsome marrow ; ” The lady laid her knitting down , Her husband clasp 'd his pond'rous Barrow : What'er the stranger 's cast or creed , Pundit or Papist , saint or sinner , He found a stable for his steed , And welcome for himself , and dinner . If , when he reach 'd his journey 's end , And warm 'd himself in court or college , He had not gain 'd an honest friend , And twenty curious scraps of knowledge ;— If he departed as he came , With no new light on love or liquor ,— Good sooth , the traveller was to blame , And not the vicarage , nor the vicar . His talk was like a stream which runs With rapid change from rocks to roses : It slipp 'd from politics to puns ; It pass 'd from Mahomet to Moses : Beginning with the laws which keep The planets in their radiant courses , And ending with some precept deep For dressing eels , or shoeing horses . He was a shrewd and sound divine , Of loud dissent the mortal terror ; And when , by dint of page and line , He ‘ stablish 'd truth , or startled error , The Baptist found him far too deep , The Deist sigh 'd with saving sorrow ; And the lean Levite went to sleep , And dream 'd of tasting pork to-morrow . His sermon never said or show 'd That earth is foul , that heaven is gracious , Without refreshment on the road From Jerome , or from Athanasius : And sure a righteous zeal inspired The hand and head that penn 'd and plann 'd them ; For all who understood admired , And some who did not understand them . He wrote too , in a quiet way , Small treatises , and smaller verses ; And sage remarks on chalk and clay . And hints to noble lords and nurses : True histories of last year 's ghost , Lines to a ringlet , or a turban ; And trifles for the Morning Post , And nothings for Sylvanus Urban . He did not think all mischief fair , Although he had a knack of joking ; He did not make himself a bear , Although he had a taste for smoking : And when religious sects ran mad , He held , in spite of all his learning , That if a man 's belief is bad , It will not be improved by burning . And he was kind , and loved to sit In the low hut or garnish 'd cottage , And praise the farmer 's homely wit , And share the widow 's homelier pottage : At his approach complaint grew mild ; And when his hand unbarr 'd the shutter , The clammy lips of fever smiled The welcome , which they could not utter . He always had a tale for me Of Julius Caesar , or of Venus ; From him I learn 'd the rule of three , Cat 's cradle , leap-frog , and Quae genus : I used to singe his powder 'd wig , To steal the staff he put such trust in ; And make the puppy dance a jig , When he began to quote Augustin . Alack the change ! in vain I look For haunts in which my boyhood trifled ; The level lawn , the trickling brook , The trees I climb 'd , the beds I rifled : The church is larger than before ; You reach it by a carriage entry ; It holds three hundred people more , And pews are fitted up for gentry . Sit in the Vicar 's seat : you 'll hear The doctrine of a gentle Johnian , Whose hand is white , whose tone is clear , Whose phrase is very Ciceronian . Where is the old man laid ?— look down . And construe on the slab before you , Hic jacet GULIELMUS BROWN , Vir nulla non donandus lauru . New Monthly Magazine . TAILORS . There is nothing upon earth that is of so much utility to men in general as fine clothes . A splendid equipage , a magnificent house , may draw the gaze of idle passers , and excite an occasional inquiry . But who , that has entered taverns and coffeehouses , has not perceived that the ratio of civility and attention from the waiter is regulated by the dress of his various customers ? Any stranger , elegantly and fashionably attired , will find little difficulty in obtaining deference , politeness , and even credit , in every shop he enters ; whereas the stranger , in more homely , or less modish garb , is really nobody . In truth , the gentleman is distinguished in the crowd only by the cut of his trousers , and he carries his patent of nobility in his coat-lap . And to whom does he owe this index of his identity , but to his despised and much calumniated tailor ? There is not a metamorphosis in all the pages of Ovid so wonderful as that which the great magician of the shears and thimble is capable of effecting . If there be the most unpleasant disproportions in the turn of your limbs — any awkwardness or deformity in your figure , the enchantment of this mighty wizard instantly communicates symmetry and elegance . The incongruous and unseemly furrows of your shape become smooth and harmonized ; and the total want of all shape is immediately supplied by the beautiful undulations of the coat , and the graceful fall of the pantaloons . And all this is by the potency of your tailor . His necromantic skill , unlike that of too many practisers of supernatural arts , is exercised only for the benefit of the world : and whilst Circe transformed the companions of Ulysses into brute beasts , the benevolent enchanter of our day transforms brute beasts into handsome and attractive men . Nay , had Olympus been furnished with a tailor , Brotheus would have had no necessity to burn himself to death for the purpose of escaping ridicule from the gods on account of his deformity . But he who is most indebted to this manufacturer of elegant forms , is the lover ; and the base ingratitude of this sort of person is dreadfully enormous . After he has riveted the gaze of his mistress upon his charming figure , drawn forth sighs of admiration for his remarkable elegance , excited the most tender perturbations by the grace of his movements , and finally acquired a complete surrender of her heart by the striking interest of his attitude when kneeling at her feet , he ignorantly and presumptuously ascribes this to his own intrinsic qualities , without ever remembering that the abilities of his tailor are the sole source of all his success . The very being , who has endowed such a man with all his attractions , rests contented with the payment of his bills , ( if he be fortunate enough to obtain that ;) whilst the other , by the power of fascinations so procured , obtains a lovely wife and twenty thousand pounds . Sic vos non vobis , & c . Such is the skill of that wonderful being , the tailor , that his transformations are not more extraordinary than sudden . The time which is occupied in thus new-moulding the human frame is really trivial compared with the stupendous change which is literally wrought . It is true , the soul may remain the same , but a new body is actually given to it by the interposition of vestiary talent : and this is what we have always believed to be the genuine meaning of the metempsychosis of Pythagoras . It is not , therefore , without the most cogent reasons that we assert our opinion , that the distich of Pope , “ Worth makes the man , ” or the title appended by Colley Cibber to one of his dramas , “ Love makes the man , ” ought henceforth to yield , in point of truth , to the irrefragable principle which we here solemnly advance , “ that it is the tailor makes the man . ” — Blackwood 's Magazine . THE ACTOR . Perhaps Fortune does not buffet any set of beings with more industry , and withal less effect , than Actors . There may be something in the habitual mutability of their feelings that evades the blow ; they live , in a great measure , out of this dull sphere , “ which men call earth ; ” they assume the dress , the tone , the gait of emperors , kings , nobles ; the world slides , and they mark it not . The Actor leaves his home , and forgets every domestic exigence in the temporary government of a state , or overthrow of a tyrant ; he is completely out of the real world until the dropping of the curtain . The time likewise not spent on the stage is passed in preparation for the night ; and thus the shafts of fate glance from our Actor like swan-shot from an elephant , If struck at all , the barb must pierce the bones , and quiver in the marrow . Our Actor — mind , we are speaking of players in the mass — is the most joyous , careless , superficial flutterer in existence . He knows every thing , yet has learned nothing ; he has played at ducks and drakes over every rivulet of information , yet never plunged inch-deep into any thing beyond a play-book , or Joe Miller 's jests . If he venture a scrap of Latin , be sure there is among his luggage a dictionary of quotations ; if he speak of history ,— why he has played in Richard and Coriolanus . The stage is with him the fixed orb around which the whole world revolves ; there is nothing worthy of a moment 's devotion one hundred yards from the green-room . It is amusing to perceive how blind , how dead , is our real Actor to the stir and turmoil of politics ; he will turn from a Salamanca to admire a Sir John Brute 's wig ; Waterloo sinks into insignificance before the amber-headed cane of a Sir Peter Teazle . What is St. Stephen 's to him — what the memory of Burke and Chatham ? To be sure , Sheridan is well remembered ; but then Sheridan wrote the Critic . A mackerel lives longer out of water than does an Actor out of his element : he cannot , for a minute , “ look abroad into universality . ” Keep him to the last edition of a new or old play , the burning of the two theatres , or an anecdote of John Kemble , and our Actor sparkles amazingly . Put to him an unprofessional question , and you strike him dumb ; an abstract truth locks his jaws . On the contrary , listen to the stock-joke ; lend an attentive ear to the witticism clubbed by the whole green-room — for there is rarely more than one at a time in circulation — and no man talks faster — none with a deeper delight to himself — none more profound , more knowing . The conversation of our Actor is a fine “ piece of mosaic . ” Here Shakspeare is laid under contribution — here Farquhar — here Otway . We have an undigested mass of quotations , dropping without order from him . In words he is absolutely impoverishable . What a lion he stalks in a country town ! How he stilts himself upon his jokes over the sleek , unsuspecting heads of his astonished hearers ! He tells a story ; and , for the remainder of the night , sits embosomed in the ineffable lustre of his humour .— Monthly Mag . THE NOVELIST . THE BROKEN HEART . A mutual affection had existed from their very childhood between Henri Merville and Louise Courtin ; their respective parents were near neighbours , and on very friendly terms with one another ; they , therefore , watched the infantile attachment of their children with great pleasure , and with still more self-congratulation did they perceive that , growing with their growth , and strengthening with their strength , it had ripened into an ardent and deep-rooted passion . When Henri , however , had attained his twentieth year , Louise being also only seventeen , it became necessary that he should leave the humble village of Verny , and perfect himself in his trade as a cabinet-maker , by visiting and working in some large and opulent towns . The lovers , amid their increasing happiness , had never thought of this long separation ; so that when Henri was told by his father that he must leave home , and be away three years , and Louise informed by her mother of the same circumstance , the intelligence came upon them like an earthquake . Woman 's feelings are more easily excited , and Louise felt as if Verny would be a desert without her dear Henri ; he too was sad enough , although the preparations for his journey occupied the greatest portion of his time , and prevented his so continually thinking of the separation as she did . Grief and regret were useless ; the parting hour arrived , and the now miserable pair were left to themselves . They mutually made vows of eternal constancy and fidelity ; as is the custom in the provinces , they exchanged rings , and became rather more resigned to their unavoidable separation . Henri at last departed , and was ten miles from Verny before he could comprehend how he had summoned up resolution enough to leave it . Louise , shut up in her little room , was weeping bitterly , and felt no inclination to go out , since she could no longer meet Henri ; but , in a short time , both of them , without feeling less regret , bethought themselves of making the wearisome interval useful to their future prospects . During the first eighteen months , he travelled about from town to town ; but at last , in Lyons , made an engagement with a person who had a very extensive business , of the name of Gerval , for the remaining period . His master preferred cards and the bottle to work , and finding Henri honest and attentive , was anxious to retain him in his situation . He had a daughter , named Annette , a quick , lively , and fascinating girl , who seemed rather disposed to coquet with Henri , and was somewhat frequently in the workshop with him . Gerval observed , and by no means discouraged , this , thinking that , even after all , his assistant would become neither a bad partner for Annette nor himself ; and that their intercourse , at all events , would keep away Louis , a former workman , who had affected a great regard for his daughter , but possessed very little inclination to use the saw or the plane . All this attention was very delightful to Henri , particularly as it proceeded from so interesting a creature as his present companion . Are , then , Verny and the sorrowful Louise quite forgotten ? It must be confessed , that they almost escaped his memory , when thus employed with Annette ; but , to do him justice , in the solitude of his chamber he experienced feelings almost akin to remorse ; often in his dreams did he behold Louise , ever tender , ever affectionate , as in their infancy ; this vision was recalled when he awoke , and he arose , vowing that she should never have a rival in his heart : but Henri was young , Louise two hundred miles off , and Annette only two steps . Gerval , to keep away all aspirants , gave it out that they were betrothed , and especially informed Louis , the dismissed swain , of this agreement , who , in consequence thereof , immediately left Lyons . Henri 's time , meanwhile , was passing away ; he had received some very tender letters from Louise , and had written to her , but less frequently than he would have done if Annette had not occupied his leisure hours . Having , however , received no intelligence from Verny for more than three months , he began to be disquieted , and determined to leave Gerval , notwithstanding all Annette 's attractions . To be sure , he had found her very pretty and agreeable — he had romped and flirted with her — but had never , for a moment , thought of marrying her , and had , strictly speaking , been faithful to Louise . Judge then of his surprise , when , one night , Gerval returned home half-drunk , and asked them , if they were not beginning to think of the wedding . Annette threw herself into her father 's arms ; Henri , pale as death , hid his face with his hands , and knew not how to articulate a refusal ; and Gerval , at the sight of this confusion , burst out into an uncontrollable fit of laughter ; “ You put me in mind , ” said he , at last , “ of one of those ninnies of lovers on the stage , who throw themselves on their knees before their mistresses , as if they were idols . Come , my lad , embrace your betrothed — exchange rings — and long live joy , for it costs nothing . ” The words “ exchange rings ” restored Henri to his senses , for he thought he beheld his beloved Louise , amid her tears , softly exclaim , “ Dear Henri , what will become of me without you ? ” And this ring , too , which was asked from him , was the self-same one that he had received from her !— He immediately addressed Gerval in a firm , yet touching , tone of voice , and , having thanked him , told him that he should never forget his friendship and his kind intentions , that he should always love Annette as a sister , but that he could not marry her , because he was already engaged in his own native place . He requested him to ask his daughter if he had ever said a single word about marriage to her ; he might , indeed , have added , that he had often spoken to her of Louise , and showed her the ring , about which she had teased him ; but he did not wish to draw the old man 's reproaches on her . These reproaches all fell on him ; he bore them , however , with so much gentleness , that Gerval , who was “ a good sort of fellow , ” was , in the end , affected by it . “ Go , then , and marry your betrothed , ” said he , in a half-friendly , half-vexed , tone ; “ since it is not Annette , the sooner you set off the better . I must say , I shall regret you ; and you may , perhaps , sometime or other , regret old Gerval and his daughter . ” Henri took his departure on the next day , quite overpowered at the idea of having bidden Annette adieu for ever . During the four or five first days , the young traveller was pensive enough : Annette 's smiling countenance occupied his thoughts , but he could no longer dissemble from himself , that he had acted unkindly towards Louise — “ Annette will console herself ; but will the gentle Louise forgive me ? Oh , yes !— she is so good ; I will tell her every thing , and she will admire my fidelity , when she knows how fascinating Annette was , and in what a situation I was placed . ” Full of this fond hope , he pursued his journey more gaily , and the nearer he approached his own dear province , the more was Annette effaced from his thoughts ; for every thing around him inspired him with the sweetest reminiscences . It was just the beginning of May : each lover , on the first Sunday of that month , planted a young fir , or birch-tree , adorned with flowers , before his fair one 's door . Henri thought how many he had fixed before the window of his dear Louise , and how happy he had been on hearing it said , the next day , that the loveliest girl in the village had had the finest May-offering . Oh ! could he but arrive soon enough to announce his return in that way ! He tried to do so , but his efforts were fruitless : the first Sunday arrived , and he was still two days ’ journey from Verny . In the evening he found himself in a large town , called Nuneville , fatigued with his now useless endeavours , and resolved to proceed no further that day . Every thing seemed prepared for the festival — the street was neat and clean — the fountains adorned with branches , and decorated with large nosegays , tied together with beautiful ribands — fir-trees marked the dwellings of the young females — all had flowers around them , but he remarked , that one had only white ones on it , fastened with a crape riband — the street was deserted . Before he could reach the inn , which was at the other end of the town , he had to pass by the church and the burial-ground ; the former seemed full of women , and in the latter there was an open grave . This melancholy sight rendered it evident , that some one was dead ; that her loss had suspended the public joy ; and the bouquet , encircled with crape , had been planted before the “ house of mourning . ” He entered the church-yard — groups of females were walking there . They were conversing in a low tone , and Henri discovered that the deceased was young and beautiful ; and that she had been the victim of a misplaced affection ; he could not restrain his tears , for he thought how near , perhaps , he had been occasioning the death of his Louise . “ But , ” said one of the females , “ why did she not imitate her fickle lover ? Why did she not receive the addresses of your brother Guillaume ? ” — “ She always told me , ” replied Isabelle , ( the person addressed , and who was in deeper mourning than the others ,) “ that she could only love once , and that she had no longer a heart to give . ” — “ Well , then , ” said another , “ was she sure that her lover was faithless ? ” — “ Quite sure . She had long feared that he was ; she saw it in his letters , for when a woman like Marie loves , the heart divines every thing ; still , however , she flattered herself with the fond hope that he would return , and that her forgiveness of his neglect would revive in him all his former affection . Three months ago this hope was destroyed , she heard that he was — married . Since that time she has only languished ; she wished to live for the sake of her parents , but her grief has proved the most powerful . He quitted me in the month of May , ” said she to me ; “ in the month of May I shall quit life . ” “ That time is come , and Marie is no more . ” — “ Tell us her whole history , ” exclaimed two or three of the listeners , at once . Isabelle consented ; they were crowding round her , and Henri was approaching nearer , and redoubling his attention , when the funeral bell tolled drearily and solemnly . He started , and Isabelle said , with a sigh , “ I must tell you my dear friend 's story another time ; we must now accompany her remains to their last sad home , and place these flowers upon her coffin . ” They walked on mournfully , two and two , and Henri followed them with an interest that he could not account for , or define . The coffin advanced , preceded by the priests , bearing torches that were obscured by the silvery light of the moon ; it was carried by six men , and among them it was easy to recognise Guillaume , by his profound sorrow ; for , to Henri 's great surprise , he alone wept . The more aged men who followed the corpse , the one even next it , and who , of course , was the father , or nearest relative of the deceased , had , like the rest , merely a composed and serious countenance , undisfigured by any great affliction . The body was lowered into the grave ; the officiating minister made a brief , and somewhat cold , discourse on the frailty of life ; the young females afterwards came forward , and each threw her wreath of flowers on the coffin ; and then chanted some rhymes . The grave was then about to be filled up ; the noise of the earth , in falling , resounded on the coffin , and Henri shuddered . The crowd gradually dispersed ; Guillaume and Isabelle alone remained beside the tomb ; Henri approached it , and Isabelle observing him , with a forced smile , said , “ Did you know her ? I have seen you follow the funeral train with apparent interest , and now I behold you in tears ; are you a relation , friend , or only even a native of the same place ? ” Henri listened to these questions with great surprise ; “ I scarcely understand you , ” he at length replied ; “ I am merely a traveller ; but the deceased was , doubtless , your friend ? ” — “ Yes , my best , my dearest friend ; yet our friendship was doomed to be of very short continuance . I was not at all acquainted with her until , about three months ago , she came to reside with my father , who is a physician , and to whose care her relations , when aware of her forlorn state , confided her . ” “ Her relations , ” remarked Henri , “ did not seem to be much affected ; they appeared , indeed , quite resigned to their loss . ” “ Her relations ! ” replied Isabelle , “ she had none here ; she was a stranger , and my father attended as chief mourner ; he lamented her loss , but Marie was not his daughter , although I myself loved her as a sister . ” “ Marie ! ” she was called Marie ! but what was her family-name ? Often shall I think of her unhappy destiny . “ Marie was only a name that she adopted , and we called her , because she could never bear to hear her own . ” “ Isabelle , ” said she to me , almost at our first meeting , “ never name me as he who has destroyed me named me ; never , I entreat you , call me dear Louise . ” “ Louise ! ” exclaimed Henri , growing pale as death ; “ Louise ! ” “ Yes , Louise Courtin , of Verny ! ” No sooner had Isabelle uttered these words , than she beheld the young traveller fall senseless beside the grave , feebly repeating the name of Louise . Isabelle , in alarm , called her brother to her assistance ; they raised up the stranger , who opened his eyes for a moment , and again muttered the same words . “ Gracious Providence ! ” exclaimed the affrighted girl , “ it is — it must be — Henri ! ” The youth made an effort , and cried out , in a frantic manner : “ Yes ! Henri , the murderer of his beloved ; the assassin of Louise ! ” He then again fell down exhausted , and to all appearance dead . Guillaume had him conveyed to his father 's , where every assistance that skill could devise , was tendered him ; but he only recovered his recollection sufficiently to learn from Isabelle , that a person named Louis had brought positive intelligence to Verny , that Henri had espoused his master 's daughter at Lyons ; that her father himself had made him acquainted with the circumstance , and that he had seen the newly married couple in all the raptures of connubial happiness . It was impossible to discredit this news , which was a death-blow to the sensitive Louise . After having listened to this melancholy narrative , Henri , when he had regained sufficient composure , entrusted Isabelle with his vindication , for Louise 's parents and his own , and expired without a groan the next day . The same moon which had illuminated his betrothed 's funeral shone upon his , and they repose beside each other in the picturesque burial-ground of Nuneville , not quite forgotten or unlamented by its inhabitants .— Abridged from a collection of interesting Tales and Sketches , entitled “ A Cantab 's Leisure . ” THE ANECDOTE GALLERY . BEARS ON THE ICE . From the Tales of a Voyager . With two boats , we assailed six of these animals , who had collected round the “ crang , ” or carcass of a whale . After lying at the bottom of the sea for some time , the body of the whale rises to the surface , probably buoyed up by gas generated by putrefaction in its entrails . This circumstance is by no means uncommon , especially late in the summer , when time has been allowed for fermentation ; but it seems to point out that the depths of the Arctic Ocean contain few or no animals to prey upon the numerous carcasses which are let sink after flinching , since , otherwise , the mass would become pierced and unable to float , if not wholly devoured . We slew five of the six bears , and brought a half-grown cub on board alive . This poor harmless beast was wounded in two or three places superficially with a boat hook , but its disposition seemed scarcely to have warranted these trifling blows . I was moved to compassion as it sat upon the jaw-bone of a whale , which projected beneath the tafrail , at one moment devouring pieces of its mother and sister with avidity , and at the next stretching its throat and blaring out mournfully , when a fragment of ice met its view , passing astern as we sailed on our course . It was about the size of a sheep , and after their tea the sailors got it down below , and turned it loose betwixt decks , from whence it sent up all hands with precipitation , some of them quitting their berths half-naked , as if a fall had been called . After a sufficient allowance of frolic had gratified the crew , a daring Shetlander collared the bear as if it had been a dog , and fastened a fresh rope round its neck , and having forced it to leap overboard , the rope 's end was thrown to the boat 's crew of a visiter , at that moment about to leave us , and it was towed or rather led away . The following day I saw its skin stretched on the shrouds of the vessel , to whose captain it had been presented . The other bear chace was after a monstrous male , who resolutely faced us , and would have boarded our boat had it not shot past him . He was flanked by the ship , which had run down upon him as he lay exactly in her course , and by the boat , which had got between him and the ice , and seeing no other resource , he turned upon the boat . When discovered , he was so near the floe that , wishing to intercept him , we leaped into the boat , and lowered away without waiting for a gun ; we were , therefore , obliged to meet him at close quarters . But while we stood prepared , Shipley with a lance , and myself with the boat 's hatchet , to receive his onset , the skiff was allowed to keep on her headway , and we passed beyond our foe , who took advantage of the error , and dashed forward to the ice , which he gained just as our boat in pursuit of him ran her nose up against the floe , and almost tripped his heels . It was said by the harpooner , who first caught sight of this bear , that he was floating on his back in the water ; and Greenlanders maintain , how truly or wrongly I know not , that bears sometimes throw themselves into this position to avoid being seen . Another reason for this attitude they affirm to be , a power possessed by bears of flinging themselves suddenly forward , by a violent jerk , whilst extended on their backs , so as to bring themselves at once into a boat ; but this is a feat of which I do not believe them capable . Whilst speaking of bears , I may mention here , that the mate of the Dundee nearly lost his life this summer , from the fury of a she brownie , who attacked him on the ice . After killing her cub , he had fired at her , and struck her on the jaw , which remained gasping , as if dislocated , and believing her hors de combat , he got upon the floe , to take possession of her slain offspring . The she bear , however , though she had fled , now returned , and rushing towards her enemy , threw him down , but was unable to mangle him ; for though her mouth was wide open , she had lost the ability to close it . Nevertheless , she mounted upon his prostrate body , and trampled it severely , before the crew of his boat could come to his rescue . When they did arrive , a sailor who brought the gun lost his presence of mind at the sight before him , and stood staring at the scene inactive ; others , more bold , thrust the bear aside with lances ; and the mate being freed from its weight , arose , took the gun from its bearer , and shot away the unlucky lower jaw of the beast completely . She then fell a victim to the weapons of his men . When I received this account from him , he was nearly recovered from the violence he had suffered from the enraged brute , but not till after having been for some time confined to his hammock . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . ANCIENT AND MODERN THEATRES . It appears , that our ancient theatres were little better than barns , while those of the present day may vie with palaces in extent , splendour , and decoration ; and nothing can more strongly exhibit the contrast between the present age and that of Queen Elizabeth , than the difference in the expense of a London theatre . The Rose playhouse , which was erected about the year 1592 , cost only 103l . 2s . 7d .,— a sum which would scarcely pay half the expenses of a modern patent theatre for a single night . Only let the reader think of the rush roof of the Globe , and the gilt-work ceilings of our present theatres ; the open area ,— and the cloth-covered seats of the pit ; and the magnificence of our saloons , halls , staircases , and corridors ,— all in the noblest style of architectural decoration — Companion to the Theatres . Covent Garden was once the emporium of the arts and sciences , and the residence of the chief nobility of the kingdom . Barton Booth lived at No . 4 , Charles-street ; Colley Cibber lived at No . 3 ; and Easty 's Hotel , Southampton-street , was Mr. Garrick 's ; Mrs. Oldfield lived in the same street ; Wilkes built the house in Bow-street , next door but one to the theatre — Garrick and Macklin lodged in it .— Ibid . At Kirlees , Yorkshire , about three miles from Hutherfield , is , or was lately , a funeral monument of the famous outlaw , Robin Hood , with the following inscription :— Here , undernead dis laid stean , Lais Robert , Earl of Huntingtun ; Nea arter az hie sa geud , Ah pipl kauld him Robin Heud . Sick outlawz hi an iz men Vil England niven si agen . Obiit 24 kal Decembrio , 1247 . HALBERT H . REGENT-STREET . The expenditure of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests in forming this splendid street , is stated to have been 1 , 533 , 582l . 16s . 10d . ; and the probable revenue is 36 , 330l . STEALING PICTURES . The celebrated Raphael of the Louvre — Christ and his Disciples — is said to have been , at some unknown time , abstracted from its frame , and a modern copy substituted . The picture has been valued at £ 20 , 000 . and it is surmised that it has found a hiding-place in England . Harlowe 's Kemble Family is also missing at the present moment . Literary Gazette . RAMSAY 'S ACCOUNT OF HIMSELF , IN A POEM ADDRESSED TO MR. JAMES ARBUCKLE . Imprimis , then , for tallness , I Am five feet four inches high ; A black-a-vic 'd , snod , dapper fallow , Nor lean , nor overlaid wi ’ tallow ; Wi ’ phiz of a Morocco cut , Resembling a late man of wit , Auld gabbet Spec , wha was sae cunning , To be a dummie ten years running . Then for the fabric of my mind , ‘ Tis mair to mirth than grief inclin 'd : I rather choose to laugh at folly , Than shew dislike by melancholy ; Weel judging a sour heavy face Is not the truest mark of grace . I hate a drunkard or a glutton , Yet I 'm nae fae to wine and mutton : Great tables ne'er engaged my wishes When crowded with o'er mony dishes ; A healthfu ’ stomach sharply set Prefers a back-sey pipin het . I never could imagine ‘ t vicious Of a fair fame to be ambitious : Proud to be thought a comic poet , } And let a judge of numbers know it , } I court occasion thus to show it. } Second of thirdly — Pray take heed , Ye 's get a short swatch of my creed . To follow method negatively , Ye ken takes place of positively : Weel then , I 'm neither Whig nor Tory , Nor credit give to purgatory . Frae twenty-four to five-and-forty , My muse was neither sweer nor dorty , My Pegasus would break his tether , E'en at the shagging of a feather , And through ideas scour like drift , Streaking his wings up to the lift ; Then , then my soul was in a low , That gart my members safely row ; But eild and judgment ‘ gin to say , Let be your sangs , and learn to pray . I. S. W . ESPRIT DE CORPS . Old Captain Humdrum , Being sent home in rum , The tars as they brought him on shore , Got drunk with the pickle : “ ‘ Tis natural , ” says Jekyll , “ They should all feel the Esprit de Corps . ” Weekly Review . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels are already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 0 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic , and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .