THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 10 , No . 263 .] SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER . [ PRICE 2d . SIR WALTER SCOTT 'S LIFE OF NAPOLEON BONAPARTE . ( Continued from page 5 . [ Note : see Mirror 262 ]) Robespierre was a coward , who signed death-warrants with a hand that shook , though his heart was relentless . He possessed no passions on which to charge his crimes ; they were perpetrated in cold blood , and upon mature deliberation . Marat , the third of this infernal triumvirate , had attracted the attention of the lower orders , by the violence of his sentiments in the journal which he conducted from the commencement of the revolution , upon such principles that it took the lead in forwarding its successive changes . His political exhortations began and ended like the howl of a blood-hound for murder ; or , if a wolf could have written a journal , the gaunt and famished wretch could not have ravened more eagerly for slaughter . It was blood which was Marat 's constant demand , not in drops from the breast of an individual , not in puny streams from the slaughter of families , but blood in the profusion of an ocean . His usual calculation of the heads which he demanded amounted to two hundred and sixty thousand ; and though he sometimes raised it as high as three hundred thousand , it never fell beneath the smaller number . It may be hoped , and for the honour of human nature we are inclined to believe , there was a touch of insanity in this unnatural strain of ferocity ; and the wild and squalid features of the wretch appear to have intimated a degree of alienation of mind . Marat was , like Robespierre , a coward . Repeatedly denounced in the assembly , he skulked instead of defending himself , and lay concealed in some obscure garret or cellar among his cut-throats , until a storm appeared , when , like a bird of ill omen , his death-screech was again heard . Such was the strange and fatal triumvirate , in which the same degree of cannibal cruelty existed under different aspects . Danton murdered to glut his rage ; Robespierre to avenge his injured vanity , or to remove a rival whom he envied ; Marat , from the same instinctive love of blood , which induces a wolf to continue his ravage of the flocks long after his hunger is appeased . Passing by the horrors of the reign of terror , we shall close the second volume with a vivid and powerful picture , which we cannot refrain quoting — THE DEATH OF ROBESPIERRE . Meantime the convention continued to maintain the bold and commanding front which they had so suddenly and critically assumed . Upon learning the escape of the arrested deputies , and hearing of the insurrection at the Hotel de Ville , they instantly passed a decree outlawing Robespierre and his associates , inflicting a similar doom upon the mayor of Paris , the procureur and other members of the commune , and charging twelve of their members , the boldest who could be selected , to proceed with the armed force to the execution of the sentence . The drums of the National Guards now beat to arms in all the sections under authority of the convention , while the tocsin continued to summon assistance with its iron voice to Robespierre and the civic magistrates . Every thing appeared to threaten a violent catastrophe , until it was seen clearly that the public voice , and especially amongst the National Guards , was declaring itself generally against the Terrorists . The Hotel de Ville was surrounded by about fifteen hundred men , and cannon turned upon the doors . The force of the assailants was weakest in point of number , but their leaders were men of spirit , and night concealed their inferiority of force . The deputies commissioned for the purpose read the decree of the assembly to those whom they found assembled in front of the city-hall , and they shrunk from the attempt of defending it , some joining the assailants , others laying down their arms and dispersing . Meantime the deserted group of Terrorists within conducted themselves like scorpions , which , when surrounded by a circle of fire , are said to turn their stings on each other , and on themselves . Mutual and ferocious upbraiding took place among these miserable men . “ Wretch , were these the means you promised to furnish ? ” said Payan to Henriot , whom he found intoxicated and incapable of resolution or exertion ; and seizing on him as he spoke , he precipitated the revolutionary general from a window . Henriot survived the fall only to drag himself into a drain , in which he was afterwards discovered and brought out to execution . The younger Robespierre threw himself from the window , but had not the good fortune to perish on the spot . It seemed as if even the melancholy fate of suicide , the last refuge of guilt and despair , was denied to men who had so long refused every species of mercy to their fellow-creatures . Le Bas alone had calmness enough to despatch himself with a pistol-shot . Saint Just , after imploring his comrades to kill him , attempted his own life with an irresolute hand , and failed , Couthon lay beneath the table brandishing a knife , with which he repeatedly wounded his bosom , without daring to add force enough to reach his heart . Their chief , Robespierre , in an unsuccessful attempt to shoot himself , had only inflicted a horrible fracture on his under-jaw . In this situation they were found like wolves in their lair , foul with blood , mutilated , despairing , and yet not able to die . Robespierre lay on a table in an anti-room , his head supported by a deal-box , and his hideous countenance half-hidden by a bloody and dirty cloth bound round the shattered chin . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] It did not escape the minute observers of this scene , that he still held in his hand the bag which had contained the fatal pistol , and which was inscribed with the words , Au grand monarque , alluding to the sign , doubtless , of the gunsmith who sold the weapon , but singularly applicable to the high pretensions of the purchaser . The captives were carried in triumph to the convention , who , without admitting them to the bar , ordered them , as outlaws , for instant execution . As the fatal cars passed to the guillotine , those who filled them , but especially Robespierre , were overwhelmed with execrations from the friends and relatives of victims whom he had sent on the same melancholy road . The nature of his previous wound , from which the cloth had never been removed till the executioner tore it off , added to the torture of the sufferer . The shattered jaw dropped , and the wretch yelled aloud , to the horror of the spectators . [ 2 ] A mask taken from that dreadful head was long exhibited in different nations of Europe , and appalled the spectator by its ugliness , and the mixture of fiendish expression with that of bodily agony . [ 2 ] The fate of no tyrant in history was so hideous at the conclusion , excepting perhaps that of Jugurtha . Thus fell Maximilian Robespierre , after having been the first person in the French republic for nearly two years , during which time he governed it upon the principles of Nero or Caligula . His elevation to the situation which he held involved more contradictions than perhaps attach to any similar event in history . A low-born and low-minded tyrant was permitted to rule with the rod of the most frightful despotism a people , whose anxiety for liberty had shortly before rendered them unable to endure the rule of a humane and lawful sovereign . A dastardly coward arose to the command of one of the bravest nations in the world ; and it was under the auspices of a man who dared scarce fire a pistol , that the greatest generals in France began their careers of conquest . He had neither eloquence nor imagination ; but substituted in their stead a miserable , affected , bombastic style , which , until other circumstances gave him consequence , drew on him general ridicule . Yet against so poor an orator , all the eloquence of the philosophical Girondists , all the terrible powers of his associate Danton , employed in a popular assembly , could not enable them to make an effectual resistance . It may seem trifling to mention , that in a nation where a good deal of prepossession is excited by amiable manners and beauty of external appearance , the person who ascended to the highest power was not only ill-looking , but singularly mean in person , awkward and constrained in his address , ignorant how to set about pleasing even when he most desired to give pleasure , and as tiresome nearly as he was odious and heartless . To compensate all these deficiencies , Robespierre had but an insatiable ambition , founded on a vanity which made him think himself capable of filling the highest situation ; and therefore gave him daring , when to dare is frequently to achieve . He mixed a false and over-strained , but rather fluent species of bombastic composition , with the grossest flattery to the lowest classes of the people ; in consideration of which , they could not but receive as genuine the praises which he always bestowed on himself . His prudent resolution to be satisfied with possessing the essence of power , without seeming to desire its rank and trappings , formed another art of cajoling the multitude . His watchful envy , his long-protracted but sure revenge , his craft , which to vulgar minds supplies the place of wisdom , were his only means of competing with his distinguished antagonists . And it seems to have been a merited punishment of the extravagances and abuses of the French revolution , that it engaged the country in a state of anarchy which permitted a wretch such as we have described , to be for a long period master of her destiny . Blood was his element , like that of the other Terrorists , and he never fastened with so much pleasure on a new victim , as when he was at the same time an ancient associate . In an epitaph , of which the following couplet may serve as a translation , his life was represented as incompatible with the existence of the human race :— “ Here lies Robespierre — let no tear be shed ; Reader , if he had lived , thou hadst been dead . ” The commencement of the third volume introduces us to the family of Bonaparte , who resided in the island of Corsica , which was , in ancient times , remarkable as the scene of Seneca 's exile , and in the last century was distinguished by the memorable stand which the natives made in defence of their liberties against the Genoese and French , during a war which tended to show the high and indomitable spirit of the islanders , united as it is with the fiery and vindictive feelings proper to their country and climate . BIRTH OF BONAPARTE . Charles Bonaparte , the father of Napoleon , died at the age of about forty years , of an ulcer in the stomach , on the 24th of February , 1785 . His celebrated son fell a victim to the same disease . During Napoleon 's grandeur , the community of Montpellier expressed a desire to erect a monument to the memory of Charles Bonaparte . His answer was both sensible and in good taste . “ Had I lost my father yesterday , ” he said , “ it would be natural to pay his memory some mark of respect consistent with my present situation . But it is twenty years since the event , and it is one in which the public can take no concern . Let us leave the dead in peace . ” The subject of our narrative was born , according to the best accounts , and his own belief , upon the 15th day of August , 1769 , at his father 's house in Ajaccio , forming one side of a court which leads out of the Rue Charles . [ 3 ] We read with interest , that his mother 's good constitution , and bold character of mind , having induced her to attend mass upon the day of his birth , ( being the Festival of the Assumption ,) she was obliged to return home immediately , and as there was no time to prepare a bed or bedroom , she was delivered of the future victor upon a temporary couch prepared for her accommodation , and covered with an ancient piece of tapestry , representing the heroes of the Iliad . The infant was christened by the name of Napoleon , an obscure saint , who had dropped to leeward , and fallen altogether out of the calendar , so that his namesake never knew which day he was to celebrate as the festival of his patron . When questioned , on this subject by the bishop who confirmed him , he answered smartly , that there were a great many saints , and only three hundred and sixty-five days to divide amongst them . The politeness of the pope promoted the patron in order to compliment the god-child , and Saint Napoleon des Ursins was accommodated with a festival . To render this compliment , which no one but a pope could have paid , still more flattering , the feast of Saint Napoleon was fixed for the fifteenth August , the birthday of the emperor , and the day on which he signed the Concordat . So that Napoleon had the rare honour of promoting his patron saint . [ 3 ] Benson 's “ Sketches of Corsica , ” p. 4 . NAPOLEON 'S EARLY LIFE . The young Napoleon had , of course , the simple and hardy education proper to the natives of the mountainous island of his birth , and in his infancy was not remarkable for more than that animation of temper , and wilfulness and impatience of inactivity , by which children of quick parts and lively sensibility are usually distinguished . The winter of the year was generally passed by the family of his father at Ajaccio , where they still preserve and exhibit , as the ominous play-thing of Napoleon 's boyhood , the model of a brass cannon , weighing about thirty pounds . [ 4 ] We leave it to philosophers to inquire , whether the future love of war was suggested by the accidental possession of such a toy ; or whether the tendency of the mind dictated the selection of it ; or , lastly , whether the nature of the pastime , corresponding with the taste which chose it , may not have had each their action and reaction , and contributed between them to the formation of a character so warlike . [ 4 ] “ Sketches of Corsica , ” p. 4 . The same traveller who furnishes the above anecdote , gives an interesting account of the country retreat of the family of Bonaparte during the summer . Going along the sea-shore from Ajaccio towards the Isle Sanguiniere , about a mile from the town , occur two stone pillars , the remains of a doorway , leading up to a dilapidated villa , once the residence of Madame Bonaparte 's half-brother on the mother 's side , whom Napoleon created Cardinal Fesch . [ 5 ] The house is approached by an avenue , surrounded and overhung by the cactus and other shrubs , which luxuriate in a warm climate . It has a garden and a lawn , showing amidst neglect vestiges of their former beauty , and the house is surrounded by shrubberies , permitted to run to wilderness . This was the summer residence of Madame Bonaparte and her family . Almost enclosed by the wild olive , the cactus , the clematis , and the almond-tree , is a very singular and isolated granite rock , called Napoleon 's grotto , which seems to have resisted the decomposition which has taken place around . The remains of a small summer-house are visible beneath the rock , the entrance to which is nearly closed by a luxuriant fig-tree . This was Bonaparte 's frequent retreat , when the vacations of the school at which he studied permitted him to visit home . How the imagination labours to form an idea of the visions , which , in this sequestered and romantic spot , must have arisen before the eyes of the future hero of a hundred battles ! [ 5 ] The mother of Letitia Ramolini , wife of Carlo Bonaparte , married a Swiss officer in the French service , named Fesch , after the death of Letitia 's father . Bonaparte 's ardour for the abstract sciences amounted to a passion , and was combined with a singular aptitude for applying them to the purposes of war , while his attention to pursuits so interesting and exhaustless in themselves , was stimulated by his natural ambition and desire of distinction . Almost all the scientific teachers at Brienne , being accustomed to study the character of their pupils , and obliged by their duty to make memoranda and occasional reports on the subject , spoke of the talents of Bonaparte , and the progress of his studies , with admiration . Circumstances of various kinds , exaggerated or invented , have been circulated concerning the youth of a person so remarkable . The following are given upon good authority . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] They were many years since communicated to the author by Messrs. Joseph and Louis Law , brothers of General Baron Lauriston , Bonaparte 's favourite aid-de-camp . These gentlemen , or at least Joseph , were educated at Brienne , but at a later period than Napoleon . Their distinguished brother was his contemporary . The conduct of Napoleon among his companions was that of a studious and reserved youth , addicting himself deeply to the means of improvement , and rather avoiding than seeking the usual temptations to dissipation of time . He had few friends , and no intimates ; yet at different times , when he chose to exert it , he exhibited considerable influence over his fellow-students , and when there was any joint plan to be carried into effect , he was frequently chosen dictator of the little republic . In the time of winter , Bonaparte , upon one occasion , engaged his companions in constructing a fortress out of the snow , regularly defended by ditches and bastions , according to the rules of fortification . It was considered as displaying the great powers of the juvenile engineer in the way of his profession , and was attacked and defended by the students , who divided into parties for the purpose , until the battle became so keen that their superiors thought it proper to proclaim a truce . The young Bonaparte gave another instance of address and enterprise upon the following occasion . There was a fair held annually in the neighbourhood of Brienne , where the pupils of the Military School used to find a day 's amusement ; but on account of a quarrel betwixt them and the country people upon a former occasion , or for some such cause , the masters of the institution had directed that the students should not on the fair-day be permitted to go beyond their own precincts , which were surrounded with a wall . Under the direction of the young Corsican , however , the scholars had already laid a plot for securing their usual day 's diversion . They had undermined the wall which encompassed their exercising ground , with so much skill and secrecy , that their operations remained entirely unknown till the morning of the fair , when a part of the boundary unexpectedly fell , and gave a free passage to the imprisoned students , of which they immediately took the advantage , by hurrying to the prohibited scene of amusement . But although on these , and perhaps other occasions , Bonaparte displayed some of the frolic temper of youth , mixed with the inventive genius and the talent for commanding others by which he was distinguished in after time , his life at school was in general that of a recluse and severe student , acquiring by his judgment , and treasuring in his memory , that wonderful process of almost unlimited combination , by means of which he was afterwards able to simplify the most difficult and complicated undertakings . His mathematical teacher was proud of the young islander , as the boast of his school , and his other scientific instructors had the same reason to be satisfied . In languages Bonaparte was less a proficient , and never acquired the art of writing or spelling French , far less foreign languages , with accuracy or correctness ; nor had the monks of Brienne any reason to pride themselves on the classical proficiency of their scholar . The full energies of his mind being devoted to the scientific pursuits of his profession , left little time or inclination for other studies . Though of Italian origin , Bonaparte had not a decided taste for the fine arts , and his taste in composition seems to have leaned towards the grotesque and the bombastic . He used always the most exaggerated phrases ; and it is seldom , if ever , that his bulletins present those touches of sublimity which are founded on dignity and simplicity of expression . Notwithstanding the external calmness and reserve of his deportment , he who was destined for such great things had , while yet a student at Brienne , a full share of that ambition for distinction and dread of disgrace , that restless and irritating love of fame , which is the spur to extraordinary attempts . Sparkles of this keen temper sometimes showed themselves . On one occasion , a harsh superintendant imposed on the future emperor , for some trifling fault , the disgrace of wearing a penitential dress , and being excluded from the table of the students , and obliged to eat his meal apart . His pride felt the indignity so severely , that it brought on a severe nervous attack ; to which , though otherwise of good constitution , he was subject upon occasions of extraordinary irritation . Father Petrault , the professor of mathematics , hastened to deliver his favourite pupil from the punishment by which he was so much affected . It is also said that an early disposition to the popular side distinguished Bonaparte even when at Brienne . Pichegru , afterwards so celebrated , who acted as his monitor in the military school , ( a singular circumstance ,) bore witness to his early principles , and to the peculiar energy and tenacity of his temper . He was long afterwards consulted whether means might not be found to engage the commander of the Italian armies in the royal interest . “ It will be but lost time to attempt it , ” said Pichegru . “ I knew him in his youth — his character is inflexible — he has taken his side , and he will not change it . ” In 1783 , Napoleon Bonaparte , then only fourteen years old , was , though under the usual age , selected by Monsieur de Keralio , the inspector of the twelve military schools , to be sent to have his education completed in the general school of Paris . It was a compliment paid to the precocity of his extraordinary mathematical talent , and the steadiness of his application . While at Paris he attracted the same notice as at Brienne ; and among other society , frequented that of the celebrated Abb é Raynal , and was admitted to his literary parties . His taste did not become correct , but his appetite for study in all departments was greatly enlarged ; and notwithstanding the quantity which he daily read , his memory was strong enough to retain , and his judgment sufficiently ripe to arrange and digest , the knowledge which he then acquired ; so that he had it at his command during all the rest of his busy life . Plutarch was his favourite author ; upon the study of whom he had so modelled his opinions and habits of thought , that Paoli afterwards pronounced him a young man of an antique caste , and resembling one of the classical heroes . Some of his biographers have about this time ascribed to him the anecdote of a certain youthful pupil of the military school , who desired to ascend in the car of a balloon with the a ë ronaut Blanchard , and was so mortified at being refused , that he made an attempt to cut the balloon with his sword . The story has but a flimsy support , and indeed does not accord well with the character of the hero , which was deep and reflective , as well as bold and determined , and not likely to suffer its energies to escape in idle and useless adventure . A better authenticated anecdote states , that at this time he expressed himself disrespectfully towards the king in one of his letters to his family . According to the practice of the school , he was obliged to submit the letter to the censorship of Monsieur Domairon , the professor of belles lettres , who , taking notice of the offensive passage , insisted upon the letter being burnt , and added a severe rebuke . Long afterwards , in 1802 , Monsieur Domairon was commanded to attend Napoleon 's levee , in order that he might receive a pupil in the person of Jerome Bonaparte , when the first consul reminded his old tutor good-humouredly , that times had changed considerably since the burning of the letter . Napoleon Bonaparte , in his seventieth year , received his first commission as second lieutenant in a regiment of artillery , and was almost immediately afterwards promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in the corps quartered at Valence . He mingled with society when he joined his regiment , more than he had hitherto been accustomed to do ; mixed in public amusements , and exhibited the powers of pleasing , which he possessed in an uncommon degree when he chose to exert them . His handsome and intelligent features , with his active and neat , though slight figure , gave him additional advantages . His manners could scarcely be called elegant , but made up in vivacity and variety of expression , and often in great spirit and energy , for what they wanted in grace and polish . He became an adventurer for the honours of literature also , and was anonymously a competitor for the prize offered by the Academy of Lyons on Raynal 's question , “ What are the principles and institutions , by application of which mankind can be raised to the highest pitch of happiness ? ” The prize was adjudged to the young soldier . It is impossible to avoid feeling curiosity to know the character of the juvenile theories respecting government , advocated by one who at length attained the power of practically making what experiments he pleased . Probably his early ideas did not exactly coincide with his more mature practice ; for when Talleyrand , many years afterwards , got the essay out of the records of the academy , and returned it to the author , Bonaparte destroyed it after he had read a few pages . He also laboured under the temptation of writing a journey to Mount Cenis , after the manner of Sterne , which he was fortunate enough finally to resist . The affectation which pervades Sterne 's peculiar style of composition was not likely to be simplified under the pen of Bonaparte . Sterner times were fast approaching , and the nation was now fully divided by those factions which produced the revolution . The officers of Bonaparte 's regiment were also divided into royalists and patriots ; and it is easily to be imagined , that the young and friendless stranger and adventurer should adopt that side to which he had already shown some inclination , and which promised to open the most free career to those who had only their merit to rely on . “ Were I a general officer , ” he is alleged to have said , “ I would have adhered to the king ; being a subaltern , I join the patriots . ” There was a story current , that in a debate with some brother officers on the politics of the time , Bonaparte expressed himself so outrageously , that they were provoked to throw him into the Rhone , where he had nearly perished . But this is an inaccurate account of the accident which actually befell him . He was seized with the cramp when bathing in the river . His comrades saved him with difficulty , but his danger was matter of pure chance . Napoleon has himself recorded that he was a warm patriot during the whole sitting of the National Assembly ; but that on the appointment of the Legislative Assembly , he became shaken in his opinions . If so , his original sentiments regained force , for we shortly afterwards find him entertaining such as went to the extreme heights of the revolution . Early in the year 1792 , Bonaparte became a captain in the artillery by seniority ; and in the same year , being at Paris , he witnessed the two insurrections of the 20th of June and 10th of August . He was accustomed to speak of the insurgents as the most despicable banditti , and to express with what ease a determined officer could have checked these apparently formidable , but dastardly and unwieldy masses . But with what a different feeling of interest would Napoleon have looked on that infuriated populace , those still resisting though overpowered Swiss , and that burning palace , had any seer whispered to him , “ Emperor that shall be , all this blood and massacre is but to prepare your future empire ! ” Little anticipating the potent effect which the passing events were to bear on his own fortune , Bonaparte , anxious for the safety of his mother and family , was now desirous to change France for Corsica , where the same things were acting on a less distinguished stage . BONAPARTE 'S FIRST MILITARY EXPLOIT . Napoleon 's first military exploit was in the civil war of his native island . In the year 1793 , he was despatched from Bastia , in possession of the French party , to surprise his native town Ajaccio , then occupied by Paoli or his adherents . Bonaparte was acting provisionally , as commanding a battalion of National Guards . He landed in the Gulf of Ajaccio with about fifty men , to take possession of a tower called the Torre di Capitello , on the opposite side of the gulf , and almost facing the city . He succeeded in taking the place ; but as there arose a gale of wind which prevented his communicating with the frigate which had put him ashore , he was besieged in his new conquest by the opposite faction , and reduced to such distress , that he and his little garrison were obliged to feed on horse-flesh . After five days he was relieved by the frigate , and evacuated the tower , having first in vain attempted to blow it up . The Torre di Capitello still shows marks of the damage it then sustained , and its remains may be looked on as a curiosity , as the first scene of his combats , before whom — “ Temple and tower Went to the ground .— ” A relation of Napoleon , Masserio by name , effectually defended Ajaccio against the force employed in the expedition . The strength of Paoli increasing , and the English preparing to assist him , Corsica became no longer a safe or convenient residence for the Bonaparte family . Indeed , both Napoleon and his brother Lucien , who had distinguished themselves as partisans of the French , were subjected to a decree of banishment from their native island ; and Madame Bonaparte , with her three daughters , and Jerome , who was as yet but a child , set sail under their protection , and settled for a time , first at Nice , and afterwards at Marseilles , where the family is supposed to have undergone considerable distress , until the dawning prospects of Napoleon afforded him the means of assisting them . Napoleon never again revisited Corsica , nor does he appear to have regarded it with any feelings of affection . One small fountain at Ajaccio is pointed out as the only ornament which his bounty bestowed on his birthplace . He might perhaps think it impolitic to do any thing which might remind the country he ruled that he was not a child of her soil , nay , was in fact very near having been born an alien , for Corsica was not united to , or made an integral part of France , until June , 1769 , a few weeks only before Napoleon 's birth . This stigma was repeatedly cast upon him by his opponents , some of whom reproached the French with having adopted a master , from a country from which the ancient Romans were unwilling even to choose a slave ; and Napoleon may have been so far sensible to it , as to avoid showing any predilection to the place of his birth , which might bring the circumstance strongly under the observation of the great nation , with which he and his family seemed to be indissolubly united . But , as a traveller already quoted , and who had the best opportunities to become acquainted with the feelings of the proud islanders , has expressed it ,— “ The Corsicans are still highly patriotic , and possess strong local attachment — in their opinion , contempt for the country of one 's birth is never to be redeemed by any other qualities . Napoleon , therefore , certainly was not popular in Corsica , nor is his memory cherished there . "[ 7 ] [ 7 ] Benson 's “ Sketches of Corsica , ” p. 121 . The feelings of the parties were not unnatural on either side . Napoleon , little interested in the land of his birth , and having such an immense stake in that of his adoption , in which he had every thing to keep and lose , [ 8 ] observed a policy towards Corsica which his position rendered advisable ; and who can blame the high-spirited islanders , who , seeing one of their countrymen raised to such exalted eminence , and disposed to forget his connexion with them , returned with slight and indifference the disregard with which he treated them ? [ 8 ] Not literally , however : for it is worth mentioning , that when he was in full-blown possession of his power , an inheritance fell to the family , situated near Ajaccio , and was divided amongst them . The first consul , or emperor , received an olive-garden as his share .— Sketches of Corsica . The siege of Toulon was the first incident of importance which enabled Bonaparte to distinguish himself in the eyes of the French government and of the world at large . Shortly afterwards he was appointed chief of battalion in the army of Italy , and on the fall of Robespierre , Bonaparte superseded in command . At the conflict between the troops of the Convention under Napoleon , and those of the Sections of Paris under Damican , the latter was defeated with much slaughter , and Bonaparte was appointed general-in-chief in command of the army of the interior . BONAPARTE 'S FIRST MARRIAGE . Meantime circumstances , which we will relate according to his own statement , introduced Bonaparte to an acquaintance , which was destined to have much influence on his future fate . A fine boy , of ten or twelve years old , presented himself at the levee of the general of the interior , with a request of a nature unusually interesting . He stated his name to be Eugene Beauharnois , son of the ci-devant Vicomte de Beauharnois , who , adhering to the revolutionary party , had been a general in the republican service upon the Rhine , and falling under the causeless suspicion of the committee of public safety , was delivered to the revolutionary tribunal , and fell by its sentence just four days before the overthrow of Robespierre . Eugene was come to request of Bonaparte , as general of the interior , that his father 's sword might be restored to him . The prayer of the young supplicant was as interesting as his manners were engaging , and Napoleon felt so much interest in him , that he was induced to cultivate the acquaintance of Eugene 's mother , afterwards the empress Josephine . The lady was a Creolian , the daughter of a planter in St. Domingo . Her name at full length was Marie Joseph Rose Tascher de la Pagerie . She had suffered her share of revolutionary miseries . After her husband , General Beauharnois , had been deprived of his command , she was arrested as a suspected person , and detained in prison till the general liberation , which succeeded the revolution of the 9th Thermidor . While in confinement , Madame Beauharnois had formed an intimacy with a companion in distress , Madame Fontenai , now Madame Tallien , from which she derived great advantages after her friend 's marriage . With a remarkably graceful person , amiable manners , and an inexhaustible fund of good-humour , Madame Beauharnois was formed to be an ornament to society . Barras , the Thermidorien hero , himself an ex-noble , was fond of society , desirous of enjoying it on an agreeable scale , and of washing away the dregs which Jacobinism had mingled with all the dearest interests of life . He loved show , too , and pleasure , and might now indulge both without the risk of falling under the suspicion of incivism , which , in the Reign of Terror , would have been incurred by any attempt to intermingle elegance with the enjoyments of social intercourse . At the apartments which he occupied , as one of the Directory , in the Luxemburg Palace , he gave its free course to his natural taste , and assembled an agreeable society of both sexes . Madame Tallien and her friend formed the soul of these assemblies , and it was supposed that Barras was not insensible to the charms of Madame Beauharnois ,— a rumour which was likely to arise , whether with or without foundation . When Madame Beauharnois and General Bonaparte became intimate , the latter assures us , and we see no reason to doubt him , that although the lady was two or three years older than himself , [ 9 ] yet being still in the full bloom of beauty , and extremely agreeable in her manners , he was induced , solely by her personal charms , to make her an offer of his hand , heart , and fortunes ,— little supposing , of course , to what a pitch the latter were to arise . [ 9 ] Bonaparte was then in his twenty-sixth year . Josephine gave herself in the marriage contract for twenty-eight . Although he himself is said to have been a fatalist , believing in destiny and in the influence of his star , he knew nothing , probably , of the prediction of a negro sorceress , who , while Marie Joseph was but a child , prophesied she should rise to a dignity greater than that of a queen , yet fall from it before her death . [ 10 ] This was one of those vague auguries , delivered at random by fools or impostors , which the caprice of fortune sometimes matches with a corresponding and conforming event . But without trusting to the African sibyl 's prediction , Bonaparte may have formed his match under the auspices of ambition as well as love . The marrying Madame Beauharnois was a mean of uniting his fortune with those of Barras and Tallien , the first of whom governed France as one of the Directors ; and the last , from talents and political connexions , had scarcely inferior influence . He had already deserved well of them for his conduct on the Day of the Sections , but he required their countenance to rise still higher ; and without derogating from the bride 's merits , we may suppose her influence in their society corresponded with the views of her lover . It is , however , certain , that he always regarded her with peculiar affection ; that he relied on her fate , which he considered as linked with and strengthening his own ; and reposed , besides , considerable confidence in Josephine 's tact and address in political business . She had at all times the art of mitigating his temper , and turning aside the hasty determinations of his angry moments , not by directly opposing , but by gradually parrying and disarming them . It must be added to her great praise , that she was always a willing and often a successful advocate in the cause of humanity . [ 10 ] A lady of high rank , who happened to live for some time in the same convent at Paris , where Josephine was also a pensioner or boarder , heard her mention the prophecy , and told it herself to the author , just about the time of the Italian expedition , when Bonaparte was beginning to attract notice . Another clause is usually added to the prediction — that the party whom it concerned should die in an hospital , which was afterwards explained as referring to Malmaison . This the author did not hear from the same authority . The lady mentioned used to speak in the highest terms of the simple manners and great kindness of Madame Beauharnois . They were married 9th of March , 1796 ; and the dowry of the bride was the chief command of the Italian armies , a scene which opened a full career to the ambition of the youthful general . Bonaparte remained with his wife only three days after his marriage , hastened to see his family , who were still at Marseilles , and , having enjoyed the pleasure of exhibiting himself as a favourite of fortune in the city which he had lately left in the capacity of an indigent adventurer , proceeded rapidly to commence the career to which fate called him , by placing himself at the head of the Italian army . The renowned Italian campaigns occupy the remainder of the third , and some part of the fourth volume , to which we now proceed . It will be remembered that the war in Egypt being triumphantly concluded on the part of Great Britain , the news of the contest reached France some time before the English received it . Napoleon , on learning the tidings , is reported to have said , “ Well , there remains now no alternative but to make the descent on Britain . ” PROPOSED INVASION OF GREAT BRITAIN . As the words of the first consul appeard to intimate , preparations were resumed on the French coast for the invasion of Great Britain . Boulogne and every harbour along the coast was crowded with flat-bottomed boats , and the shores covered with camps of the men designed apparently to fill them . We need not at present dwell on the preparations for attack , or those which the English adopted in defence , as we shall have occasion to notice both , when Bonaparte , for the last time , threatened England with the same measure . It is enough to say , that , on the present occasion , the menaces of France had their usual effect in awakening the spirit of Britain . The most extensive arrangements were made for the reception of the invaders should they chance to land , and in the meanwhile , our natural barrier was not neglected . The naval preparations were very great , and what gave yet more confidence than the number of vessels and guns , Nelson was put into command of the sea , from Orfordness to Beachy-head . Under his management , it soon became the question , not whether the French flotilla was to invade the British shores , but whether it was to remain in safety in the French harbours . Boulogne was bombarded , and some of the small craft and gun-boats destroyed — the English admiral generously sparing the town ; and not satisfied with this partial success , Nelson prepared to attack them with the boats of the squadron . The French resorted to the most unusual and formidable preparations for defence . Their flotilla was moored close to the shore in the mouth of Boulogne harbour , the vessels secured to each other by chains , and filled with soldiers . The British attack in some degree failed , owing to the several divisions of boats missing each other in the dark ; some French vessels were taken , but they could not be brought off ; and the French chose to consider this result as a victory , on their part , of consequence enough to balance the loss at Aboukir ;— though it amounted at best to ascertaining , that although their vessels could not keep the sea , they might , in some comparative degree of safety , lie under close cover of their own batteries . The preliminaries of peace , however , were signed , and the treaty was confirmed at Amiens , on the 27th of March , 1802 . Napoleon still prosecuted his ambitious projects , extended his power in Italy , and caused himself to be appointed consul for life , with the power of naming his successor . SCHEME OF INVASION RENEWED . It must be in the memory of most who recollect the period , that the kingdom of Great Britain was seldom less provided against invasion than at the commencement of this second war ; and that an embarkation from the ports of Holland , if undertaken instantly after the war had broken out , might have escaped our blockading squadrons , and have at least shown what a French army could have done on British ground , at a moment when the alarm was general , and the country in an unprepared state . But it is probable that Bonaparte himself was as much unprovided as England for the sudden breach of the treaty of Amiens — an event brought about more by the influence of passion than of policy ; so that its consequences were as unexpected in his calculations as in those of Great Britain . Besides , he had not diminished to himself the dangers of the undertaking , by which he must have staked his military renown , his power , which he held chiefly as the consequence of his reputation , perhaps his life , upon a desperate game , which , though he had already twice contemplated it , he had not yet found hardihood enough seriously to enter upon . He now , however , at length bent himself , with the whole strength of his mind , and the whole force of his empire , to prepare for this final and decisive undertaking . The gun-boats in the Bay of Gibraltar , where calms are frequent , had sometimes in the course of the former war been able to do considerable damage to the English vessels of war , when they could not use their sails . Such small craft , therefore , were supposed the proper force for covering the intended descent . They were built in different harbours , and brought together by crawling along the French shore , and keeping under the protection of the batteries , which were now established on every cape , almost as if the sea-coast of the channel on the French side had been the lines of a besieged city , no one point of which could with prudence be left undefended by cannon . Boulogne was pitched upon as the centre port , from which the expedition was to sail . By incredible exertions , Bonaparte had rendered its harbour and roads capable of containing two thousand vessels of various descriptions . The smaller sea-ports of Vimereux , Ambleteuse , and Etaples , Dieppe , Havre , St. Valeri , Caen , Gravelines , and Dunkirk , were likewise filled with shipping . Flushing and Ostend were occupied by a separate flotilla . Brest , Toulon , and Rochefort , were each the station of as strong a naval squadron as France , had still the means to send to sea . A land army was assembled of the most formidable description , whether we regard the high military character of the troops , the extent and perfection of their appointments , or their numerical strength . The coast , from the mouth of the Seine to the Texel , was covered with forces ; and Soult , Ney , Davoust , and Victor , names that were then the pride and the dread of war , were appointed to command the army of England , ( for that menacing title was once more , assumed ,) and execute those manoeuvres , planned and superintended by Bonaparte , the issue of which was to be the blotting out of Britain from the rank of independent nations . Far from being alarmed at this formidable demonstration of force , England prepared for her resistance with an energy becoming her ancient rank in Europe , and far surpassing in its efforts any extent of military preparation before heard of in her history . To nearly one hundred thousand troops of the line , were added eighty thousand and upwards of militia , which scarce yielded to the regulars in point of discipline . The volunteer force , by which every citizen was permitted and invited to add his efforts to the defence of the country , was far more numerous than during the last war , was better officered also , and rendered every way more effective . It was computed to amount to three hundred and fifty thousand men , who , if we regard the shortness of the time and the nature of the service , had attained considerable practice in the use and management of their arms . Other classes of men were embodied , and destined to act as pioneers , drivers of wagons , and in the like services . On a sudden , the land seemed converted to an immense camp , the whole nation into soldiers , and the good old king himself into a general-in-chief . All peaceful considerations appeared for a time to be thrown aside ; and the voice , calling the nation to defend their dearest rights , sounded not only in Parliament , and in meetings convoked to second the measures of defence , but was heard in the places of public amusement , and mingled even with the voice of devotion — not unbecoming surely , since to defend our country is to defend our religion . Beacons were erected in conspicuous points , corresponding with each other , all around and all through the island ; and morning and evening , one might have said , every eye was turned towards them to watch for the fatal and momentous signal . Partial alarms were given to different places , from the mistakes to which such arrangements must necessarily be liable ; and the ready spirit which animated every species of troops where such signals called to arms , was of the most satisfactory description , and afforded the most perfect assurance , that the heart of every man was in the cause of his country . Amidst her preparations by land , England did not neglect or relax her precautions on the element she calls her own . She covered the ocean with five hundred and seventy ships of war of various descriptions . Divisions of her fleet blocked up every French port in the channel ; and the army destined to invade our shores , might see the British flag flying in every direction on the horizon , waiting for their issuing from the harbour , as birds of prey may be seen floating in the air above the animal which they design to pounce upon . Sometimes the British frigates and sloops of war stood in , and cannonaded or threw shells into Havre , Dieppe , Granville , and Boulogne itself . Sometimes the seamen and marines landed , cut out vessels , destroyed signal posts , and dismantled batteries . Such events were trifling , and it was to be regretted that they cost the lives of gallant men ; but although they produced no direct results of consequence , yet they had their use in encouraging the spirits of our sailors , and damping the confidence of the enemy , who must at length have looked forward with more doubt than hope to the invasion of the English coast , when the utmost vigilance could not prevent their experiencing insults upon their own . During this period of menaced attack and arranged defence , Bonaparte visited Boulogne , and seemed active in preparing his soldiers for the grand effort . He reviewed them in an unusual manner , teaching them to execute several manoeuvres by night ; and experiments were also made upon the best mode of arranging the soldiers in the flat-bottomed boats , and of embarking and disembarking them with celerity . Omens were resorted to for keeping up the enthusiasm which the presence of the First Consul naturally inspired . A Roman battle-axe was said to be found when they removed the earth to pitch Bonaparte 's tent or barrack ; and medals of William the Conqueror were produced , as having been dug up upon the same honoured spot . These were pleasant bodings , yet perhaps did not altogether , in the minds of the soldiers , counterbalance the sense of insecurity impressed on them by the prospect of being packed together in these miserable chaloupes , and exposed to the fire of an enemy so superior at sea , that during the chief consul 's review of the fortifications , their frigates stood in shore with composure , and fired at him and his suite as at a mark . The men who had braved the perils of the Alps and of the Egyptian deserts , might yet be allowed to feel alarm at a species of danger which seemed so inevitable , and which they had no adequate means of repelling by force of arms . A circumstance which seemed to render the expedition in a great measure hopeless , was the ease with which the English could maintain a constant watch upon their operations within the port of Boulogne . The least appearance of stir or preparation , to embark troops , or get ready for sea , was promptly sent by signal to the English coast , and the numerous British cruisers were instantly on the alert to attend their motions . Nelson had , in fact , during the last war , declared the sailing of a hostile armament from Boulogne to be a most forlorn undertaking , on account of cross tides and other disadvantages , together with the certainty of the flotilla being lost if there were the least wind west-north-west . “ As for rowing , ” he adds , “ that is impossible .— It is perfectly right to be prepared for a mad government , ” continued this incontestable judge of maritime possibilities ; “ but with the active force which has been given me , I may pronounce it almost impracticable . ” Before quitting the subject , we may notice , that Bonaparte seems not to have entertained the least doubts of success , could he have succeeded in disembarking his army . A single general action was to decide the fate of England . Five days were to bring Napoleon to London , where he was to perform the part of William the Third ; but with more generosity and disinterestedness . He was to call a meeting of the inhabitants , restore them what he calls their rights , and destroy the oligarchical faction . A few months would not , according to his account , have elapsed , ere the two nations , late such determined enemies , would have been identified by their principles , their maxims , their interests . The full explanation of this gibberish , ( for it can be termed no better , even proceeding from the lips of Napoleon ,) is to be found elsewhere , when he spoke a language more genuine than that of the Moniteur and the bulletins . “ England , ” he said , “ must have ended , by becoming an appendage to the France of my system . Nature has made it one of our islands , as well as Oleron and Corsica . ” It is impossible not to pursue the train of reflections which Bonaparte continued to pour forth to the companion of his exile , on the rock of Saint Helena . When England was conquered , and identified with France in maxims and principles , according to one form of expression , or rendered an appendage and dependency , according to another phrase , the reader may suppose that Bonaparte would have considered his mission as accomplished . Alas ! it was not much more than commenced . “ I would have departed from thence [ from subjugated Britain ] to carry the work of European regeneration [ that is , the extention of his own arbitrary authority ] from south to north , under the Republican colours , for I was then Chief Consul , in the same manner which I was more lately on the point of achieving it under the monarchical forms . ” When we find such ideas retaining hold of Napoleon 's imagination , and arising to his tongue after his irretrievable fall , it is impossible to avoid exclaiming , Did ambition ever conceive so wild a dream , and had so wild a vision ever a termination so disastrous and humiliating ! It may be expected that something should be here said , upon the chances which Britain would have had of defending herself successfully against the army of invaders . We are willing to acknowledge that the risk must have been dreadful ; and that Bonaparte , with his genius and his army , must have inflicted severe calamities upon a country which had so long enjoyed the blessings of peace . But the people were unanimous in their purpose of defence , and their forces composed of materials to which Bonaparte did more justice when he came to be better acquainted with them . Of the three British nations , the English have since shown themselves possessed of the same steady valour which won the fields of Cressy and Agincourt , Blenheim and Minden — the Irish have not lost the fiery enthusiasm which has distinguished them in all the countries of Europe — nor have the Scots degenerated from the stubborn courage with which their ancestors for two thousand years maintained their independence against a superior enemy . Even if London had been lost , we would not , under so great a calamity , have despaired of the freedom of the country ; for the war would in all probability have assumed that popular and national character which sooner or later wears out an invading army . Neither does the confidence with which Bonaparte affirms the conviction of his winning the first battle , appear go certainly well founded . This , at least , we know , that the resolution of the country was fully bent up to the hazard ; and those who remember the period will bear us witness , that the desire that the French would make the attempt , was a general feeling through all classes , because they had every reason to hope that the issue might be such as for ever to silence the threat of invasion . The next most important occurrence that claims our notice in this volume , and which fully delineates the nature and character of this wonderful and ambitious individual , is the account of his declaration as Emperor of France , and his subsequent Coronation . CORONATION OF NAPOLEON . Measures were taken , as on former occasions , to preserve appearances , by obtaining , in show at least , the opinion of the people , on this radical change of their system . Government , however , were already confident of their approbation , which , indeed , had never been refused to any of the various constitutions , however inconsistent , that had succeeded each other with such rapidity . Secure on this point , Bonaparte 's accession to the empire was proclaimed with the greatest pomp , without waiting to inquire whether the people approved of his promotion or otherwise . The proclamation was coldly received , even by the populace , and excited little enthusiasm . It seemed , according to some writers , as if the shades of D'Enghien and Pichegru had been present invisibly , and spread a damp over the ceremony . The Emperor was recognised by the soldiery with more warmth . He visited the encampments at Boulogne , with the intention , apparently , of receiving such an acknowledgment from the troops as was paid by the ancient Franks to their monarchs , when they elevated them on their bucklers . Seated on an iron chair , said to have belonged to king Dagobert , he took his place between two immense camps , and having before him the Channel and the hostile coasts of England . The weather , we have been assured , had been tempestuous , but no sooner had the Emperor assumed his seat , to receive the homage of his shouting host , than the sky cleared , and the wind dropt , retaining just breath sufficient gently to wave the banners . Even the elements seemed to acknowledge the imperial dignity , all save the sea , which rolled as carelessly to the feet of Napoleon as it had formerly done towards those of Canute the Dane . The Emperor , accompanied with his Empress , who bore her honours both gracefully and meekly , visited Aix-la-Chapelle , and the frontiers of Germany . They received the congratulations of all the powers of Europe , excepting England , Russia , and Sweden , upon their new exaltation ; and the German princes , who had everything to hope and fear from so powerful a neighbour , hastened to pay their compliments to Napoleon in person , which more distant sovereigns offered by their ambassadors . But the most splendid and public recognition of his new rank was yet to be made , by the formal act of coronation , which , therefore , Napoleon determined should take place with circumstances of solemnity , which had been beyond the reach of any temporal prince , however powerful , for many ages . His policy was often marked by a wish to revive , imitate , and connect his own titles and interest with , some ancient observance of former days ; as if the novelty of his claims could have been rendered more venerable by investing them with antiquated forms , or as men of low birth , when raised to wealth and rank , are sometimes desirous to conceal the obscurity of their origin under the blaze of heraldic honours . Pope Leo , he remembered , had placed a golden crown on the head of Charlemagne , and proclaimed him Emperor of the Romans . Pius VII . he determined should do the same for a successor to much more than the actual power of Charlemagne . But though Charlemagne had repaired to Rome to receive inauguration from the hands of the Pontiff of that day , Napoleon resolved that he who now owned the proud , and in Protestant eyes profane , title of Vicar of Christ , should travel to France to perform the coronation of the successful chief , by whom the See of Rome had been more than once humbled , pillaged , and impoverished , but by whom also her power had been re-erected and restored , not only in Italy , but in France itself . Humiliating as the compliance with Bonaparte 's request must have seemed to the more devoted Catholics , Pius VII . had already sacrificed , to obtain the Concordat , so much of the power and privileges of the Roman See , that he could hardly have been justified if he had run the risk of losing the advantages of a treaty so dearly purchased , by declining to incur some personal trouble , or , it might be termed , some direct self-abasement . The Pope , and the Cardinals whom he consulted , implored the illumination of heaven upon their councils ; but it was the stern voice of necessity which assured them , that , except at the risk of dividing the Church by a schism , they could not refuse to comply with Bonaparte 's requisition . The Pope left Rome on the 5th of November . He was everywhere received on the road with the highest respect , and most profound veneration ; the Alpine precipices themselves had been secured by parapets wherever they could expose the venerable Father of the Catholic Church to danger , or even apprehension . Upon the 25th of November , he met Bonaparte at Fontainbleau ; and the conduct of the Emperor Napoleon was as studiously respectful towards him , as that of Charlemagne , whom he was pleased to call his predecessor , could have been towards Leo . On the 2nd of December , the ceremony of the coronation took place in the ancient cathedral of Notre Dame , with the addition of every ceremony which could be devised to add to its solemnity . Yet we have been told that the multitude did not participate in the ceremonial with that eagerness which characterises the inhabitants of all capitals , but especially those of Paris , upon similar occasions . They had , within a very few years , seen so many exhibitions , processions , and festivals , established on the most discordant principles , which , though announced as permanent and unchangeable , had successively given way to newer doctrines , that they considered the splendid representation before them as an unsubstantial pageant , which would fade away in its turn . Bonaparte himself seemed absent and gloomy , till recalled to a sense of his grandeur by the voice of the numerous deputies and functionaries sent up from all the several departments of France , to witness the coronation . These functionaries had been selected with due attention to their political opinions ; and many of them holding offices under the government , or expecting benefits from the Emperor , made up , by the zealous vivacity of their acclamations , for the coldness of the good citizens of Paris . The Emperor took his coronation oath , as usual on such occasions , with his hands up on the scripture , and in the form in which it was repeated to him by the Pope . But in the act of coronation itself , there was a marked deviation from the universal custom , characteristic of the man , the age , and the conjuncture . In all other similar solemnities , the crown had been placed on the sovereign 's head by the presiding spiritual person , as representing the Deity , by whom princes rule . But not even from the head of the Catholic Church would Bonaparte consent to receive as a boon the golden symbol of sovereignty , which he was sensible he owed solely to his own unparalleled train of military and civil successes . The crown having been blessed by the Pope , Napoleon took it from the altar with his own hands , and placed it on his brows . He then put the diadem on the head of his Empress , as if determined to show that his authority was the child of his own actions . Te Deum was sung ; the heralds , ( for they also had again come into fashion ,) proclaimed , “ that the thrice glorious and thrice august Napoleon , Emperor of the French , was crowned and installed . ” Thus concluded this remarkable ceremony . Those who remember having beheld it , must now doubt whether they were waking , or whether fancy had framed a vision so dazzling in its appearance , so extraordinary in its origin and progress , and so ephemeral in its endurance . The very day before the ceremony of coronation , ( that is , on the 1st of December ,) the senate had waited upon the Emperor with the result of the votes collected in the departments , which , till that time , had been taken for granted . Upwards of three millions five hundred thousand citizens had given their votes on this occasion ; of whom only about three thousand five hundred had declared against the proposition . The vice-president , Neufchateau , declared , “ this report was the unbiassed expression of the people 's choice . No government could plead a title more authentic . ” Sir Walter occupies his sixth volume with details of the celebrated battles that were fought between the French and English armies in the Spanish territories , and which are told with great truth and develope the extraordinary powers of this celebrated writer . The divorce of Josephine , and marriage of Maria Louisa , commence the succeeding volume . The sterility of Bonaparte 's wife was now an irremediable evil ; and political motives were to supersede the ties of endearment , affection , talents , and virtue . Fouch é the minister of police , made Josephine the means of suggesting to Napoleon , the measure of her own divorce , and subsequently Napoleon made Josephine acquainted with the cruel certainty , that the separation was ultimately determined upon . NAPOLEON DIVORCED FROM JOSEPHINE . When this sentence had finally dissolved their union , the emperor retired to St . Cloud , where he lived in seclusion for some days . Josephine , on her part , took up her residence in the beautiful villa of Malmaison , near St. Germains . Here she principally dwelt for the remaining years of her life , which were just prolonged to see the first fall of her husband ; an event which might have been averted had he been content to listen more frequently to her lessons of moderation . Her life was chiefly spent in cultivating the fine arts , of which she collected some beautiful specimens , and in pursuing the science of botany ; but especially in the almost daily practice of acts of benevolence and charity , of which the English detenus , of whom there were several at St. Germains , frequently shared the benefit . Napoleon visited her very frequently , and always treated her with the respect to which she was entitled . He added also to her dowry a third million of francs , that she might feel no inconvenience from the habits of expense to which it was her foible to be addicted . BONAPARTE MARRIES MARIA LOUISA . This important state measure was no sooner completed , than the great council was summoned , on the 1st of February , to assist the emperor in the selection of a new spouse . They were given to understand , that a match with a grand duchess of Russia had been proposed , but was likely to be embarrassed by disputes concerning religion . A daughter of the king of Saxony was also mentioned , but it was easily indicated to the council that their choice ought to fall upon a princess of the house of Austria . At the conclusion of the meeting , Eugene , son of the repudiated Josephine , was commissioned by the council to propose to the Austrian embassador a match between Napoleon and the archduchess Maria Louisa . Prince Schwarzenberg had his instructions on the subject ; so that the match was proposed , discussed , and decided in the council , and afterwards adjusted between plenipotentiaries on either side , in the space of twenty-four hours . The espousals of Napoleon and Maria Louisa were celebrated at Vienna , 11th March , 1810 . The person of Bonaparte was represented by his favourite Berthier , while the archduke Charles assisted at the ceremony , in the name of the emperor Francis . A few days afterwards , the youthful bride , accompanied by the queen of Naples , proceeded towards France . With good taste , Napoleon dispensed with the ceremonies used in the reception of Marie Antoinette , whose marriage with Louis XVI ., though never named or alluded to , was in other respects the model of the present solemnity . Near Soissons , a single horseman , no way distinguished by dress , rode past the carriage in which the young empress was seated , and had the boldness to return , as if to reconnoitre more closely . The carriage stopped , the door was opened , and Napoleon , breaking through all the tediousness of ceremony , introduced himself to his bride , and came with her to Soissons . The marriage ceremony was performed at Paris by Bonaparte 's uncle , the Cardinal Fesch . The most splendid rejoicings , illuminations , concerts , festivals , took place upon this important occasion . But a great calamity occurred , which threw a shade over these demonstrations of joy . Prince Schwarzenberg had given a distinguished ball on the occasion , when unhappily the dancing-room , which was temporary , and erected in the garden , caught fire . No efforts could stop the progress of the flames , in which several persons perished , and particularly the sister of Prince Schwarzenberg himself . This tragic circumstance struck a damp on the public mind , and was considered as a bad omen , especially when it was remembered that the marriage of Louis XVI . with a former princess of Austria had been signalized by a similar disaster . As a domestic occurrence , nothing could more contribute to Bonaparte 's happiness than his union with Maria Louisa . He was wont to compare her with Josephine , by giving the latter all the advantages of art and grace ; the former the charms of simple modesty and innocence . His former empress used every art to support or enhance her personal charms ; but with so much prudence and mystery , that the secret cares of her toilette could never be traced — her successor trusted for the power of pleasing to youth and nature . Josephine mismanaged her revenue , and incurred debt without scruple . Maria Louisa lived within her income , or if she desired any indulgence beyond it , which was rarely the case , she asked it as a favour of Napoleon . Josephine , accustomed to political intrigue , loved to manage , to influence , and to guide her husband ; Maria Louisa desired only to please and to obey him . Both were excellent women , of great sweetness of temper , and fondly attached to Napoleon . In the difference between these distinguished persons , we can easily discriminate the leading features of the Parisian , and of the simple German beauty ; but it is certainly singular that the artificial character should have belonged to the daughter of the West Indian planter ; that marked by nature and simplicity , to a princess of the proudest court in Europe . Bonaparte , whose domestic conduct was generally praiseworthy , behaved with the utmost kindness to his princely bride . He observed , however , the strictest etiquette , and required it from the empress . If it happened , for example , as was often the case , that he was prevented from attending at the hour when dinner was placed on the table , he was displeased if , in the interim of his absence , which was often prolonged , she either took a book , or had recourse to any female occupation ,— if , in short , he did not find her in the attitude of waiting for the signal to take her place at table . Perhaps a sense of his inferior birth made Napoleon more tenacious of this species of form , as what he could not afford to relinquish . On the other hand , Maria Louisa is said to have expressed her surprise at her husband 's dispensing with the use of arms and attendance of guards , and at his moving about with the freedom of an individual ; although this could be no great novelty to a member of the imperial family of Austria , most of whom , and especially the Emperor Francis , are in the habit of mixing familiarly with the people of Vienna , at public places , and in the public walks . From this date may be traced the declination of Napoleon 's greatness . In the field he was generally unsuccessful , and occasionally murmurs of discontent were whispered by citizen and soldier . The plot thickens in the eight volume , and his abdication of the throne of France , and subsequent journey to Elba , are feelingly narrated by our author . RETURN OF MARIA LOUISA TO HER FATHER , AND DEATH OF JOSEPHINE . Maria Louisa made more than one effort to join her husband , but they were discouraged on the part of Napoleon himself , who , while he continued to ruminate on renewing the war , could not desire to have the empress along with him in such an adventure . Shortly afterwards , the emperor of Austria visited his daughter and her son , then at Rambouillet , and gave her to understand that she was , for some time at least , to remain separate from her husband , and that her son and she were to return to Vienna along with him . She returned , therefore , to her father 's protection . It must be also here mentioned , as an extraordinary addition to this tale of calamity , that Josephine , the former wife of Bonaparte , did not long survive his downfall . It seemed as if the Obi-woman of Martinico had spoke truth ; for at the time when Napoleon parted from the sharer of his early fortunes , his grandeur was on the wane , and her death took place but a few weeks subsequent to his being dethroned and exiled . The emperor of Russia had visited this lady , and showed her some attention , with which Napoleon , for reasons we cannot conjecture , was extremely displeased . She was amply provided for by the treaty of Fontainbleau , but did not survive to reap any benefit from the provision , as she shortly after sickened and died at her beautiful villa of Malmaison . She was buried on the 3rd of June , at the village of Ruel . A vast number of the lower class attended the obsequies ; for she had well deserved the title of patroness of the poor . The residence at Elba , the return , the treachery of Ney , the arrival at Paris , and Napoleon 's repossession of the throne , now occupy the page . The battle of Waterloo is briefly , but finely described , and indeed the whole of the ninth volume , to which we have now arrived , is deeply interesting . We find , however , that we have nearly reached our limits , and as we shall take an early opportunity of again referring to this elaborate history , we shall now close with the following extracts ;— CONDUCT OF NAPOLEON ON HIS WAY TO ST. HELENA . Upon the Northumberland crossing the line , the emperor desiring to exhibit his munificence to the seamen , by presenting them with a hundred louis d'or , under pretext of paying the ordinary fine , Sir George Cockburn , considering this tribute to Neptune as too excessive in amount , would not permit the donative to exceed a tenth part of the sum ; and Napoleon offended by the restriction , paid nothing at all . Upon another occasion , early in the voyage , a difference in national manners gave rise to one of those slight misunderstandings which we have noticed . Napoleon was accustomed , like all Frenchmen , to leave the table immediately after dinner , and Sir George Cockburn , with the English officers , remained after him at table ; for , in permitting his French guests their liberty , the admiral did not choose to admit the right of Napoleon to break up the party at his , Sir George 's , own table . This gave some discontent . Notwithstanding these trifling subjects of dissatisfaction , Las Cases informs us that the admiral , whom he took to be prepossessed against them at first , became every day more amicable . The emperor used to take his arm every evening on the quarter-deck , and hold long conversations with him upon maritime subjects , as well as past events in general . While on board the Northumberland , the late emperor spent his mornings in reading or writing ; his evenings in his exercise upon deck , and at cards . The game was generally vingt un . But when the play became rather deep , he discouraged that amusement , and substituted chess . Great tactician as he was , Napoleon did not play well at that military game , and it was with difficulty that his antagonist , Montholon , could avoid the solecism , of beating the emperor . During this voyage , Napoleon 's jour de f ê te occurred , which was also his birthday . It was the 15th of August ; a day for which the Pope had expressly canonized a St. Napoleon to be the emperor 's patron . And now , strange revolution , it was celebrated by him on board of an English man-of-war , which was conducting him to his place of imprisonment , and , as it proved , his tomb . Yet Napoleon seemed cheerful and contented during the whole day , and was even pleased at being fortunate at play , which he received as a good omen . Upon the 15th of October , 1815 , the Northumberland reached St. Helena , which presents but an unpromising aspect to those who design it for a residence , though it may be a welcome sight to the seaworn mariner . Its destined inhabitant , from the deck of the Northumberland , surveyed it with his spy-glass . St. James ’ Town , an inconsiderable village , was before him , enchased , as it were in a valley , amid arid and scarped rocks of immense height ; every platform , every opening , every gorge , was bristled with cannon . Las Cases , who stood by him , could not perceive the slightest alteration of his countenance . The orders of government had been , that Napoleon should remain on board till a residence could be prepared suitable for the line of life he was to lead in future . But as this was likely to be a work of time , Sir George Cockburn readily undertook , on his own responsibility , to put his passengers on shore , and provide in some way for the security of Napoleon 's person , until the necessary habitation should be fitted up . He was accordingly transferred to land upon the 16th of October ; and thus the emperor of France , nay , wellnigh of Europe , sunk into the recluse of St. Helena . DEATH OF NAPOLEON During the 3rd of May , it was seen that the life of Napoleon was drawing evidently to a close ; and his followers , and particularly his physician , became desirous to call in more medical assistance ;— that of Dr. Shortt , physician to the forces , and of Dr. Mitchell , surgeon of the flag-ship , was referred to . Dr. Shortt , however , thought it proper to assert the dignity belonging to his profession , and refused to give an opinion on a case of so much importance in itself , and attended with so much obscurity , unless he were permitted to see and examine the patient . The officers of Napoleon 's household excused themselves , by professing that the emperor 's strict commands had been laid on them , that no English physician , Dr. Arnott excepted , should approach his dying bed . They said , that even when he was speechless they would be unable to brook his eye , should he turn it upon them in reproof for their disobedience . About two o'clock of the same day , the priest Vignali administered the sacrament of extreme unction . Some days before , Napoleon had explained to him the manner in which he desired his body should be laid out in state , in an apartment lighted by torches , or what Catholics call une chambre ardente . “ I am neither , ” he said in the same phrase which we have formerly quoted , “ a philosopher nor a physician . I believe in God , and am of the religion of my father . It is not everybody who can be an atheist . I was born a Catholic , and will fulfil all the duties of the Catholic church , and receive the assistance which it administers . ” He then turned to Dr. Antommarchi , whom he seems to have suspected of heterodoxy , which the doctor , however , disowned . “ How can you carry it so far ? ” he said . “ Can you not believe in God , whose existence every thing proclaims , and in whom the greatest minds have believed ? ” As if to mark a closing point of resemblance betwixt Cromwell and Napoleon , a dreadful tempest arose on the 4th of May , which preceded the day that was to close the mortal existence of this extraordinary man . A willow , which had been the exile 's favourite , and under which he had often enjoyed the fresh breeze , was torn up by the hurricane ; and almost all the trees about Longwood shared the same fate . The 5th of May came amid wind and rain . Napoleon 's passing spirit was deliriously engaged in a strife more terrible than that of the elements around . The words “ t ê te d'arm é e ” the last which escaped his lips , intimated that his thoughts were watching the current of a heady fight . About eleven minutes before six in the evening , Napoleon , after a struggle which indicated the original strength of his constitution , breathed his last . HIS FUNERAL . Bonaparte was buried on the 8th of May , in a small secluded recess called Slane 's , or Haine 's Valley , where a fountain arose , at which his Chinese domestics used to fill the silver pitchers , which they carried to Longwood for Napoleon 's use . “ All the troops were under arms upon the solemn occasion . As the road did not permit a near approach of the hearse to the place of sepulture , a party of British grenadiers had the honour to bear the coffin to the grave . The prayers were recited by the priest , Abb é Vignali . Minute guns were fired from the admiral 's ship . The coffin was then let down into the grave , under a discharge of three successive volleys of artillery , fifteen pieces of cannon firing fifteen guns each . A large stone was then lowered down on the grave , and covered the moderate space now sufficient for the man for whom Europe was once too little . ” Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) and sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers .