THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIV , No . 397 .] SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 7 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . Burleigh , Northamptonshire . Illustration The above is a view of the grand screen and entrance lodges to Burleigh , or Burghley , the seat of the Cecil family , and now the property of the Marquess of Exeter . The house and principal part of the demesne , are within the parish of Stamford St. Martin , in the church of which are some costly monuments to several eminent persons of the Cecil family ; and this estate gave title to William Cecil , Baron Burleigh , in 1570 . The park was formed , and the mansion , which is one of the most splendid in the kingdom , was mostly built by the great Lord Treasurer , in the time of Queen Elizabeth , and the following inscription , over one of the entrances , within a central court , records the era of this work :— “ W. DOM . DE BVRGHLEY , 1577 . ” Beneath the turret is the date of 1585 , when some grand additions were made to the mansion ; and the above Grand Entrance , towards the north , appears to have been added in 1587 . Since these dates , several material alterations and additions have been made by subsequent possessors ; and the whole , as a building , with its vast and varied collection of works of art , is one of the most magnificent show-houses in England . The spacious and finely wooded park and large lake are also very fine . The house surrounds a square court , to the east of which is the great hall , kitchen , various domestic offices , with spacious stables , coach-houses , & c .— all indicative of the splendid hospitalities of the Elizabethean age and old English character . The south front commands a fine sloping lawn , with a broad sheet of water , formed by Brown , together with some interesting park-scenery ; the western side has nearly the same views , with the advantage of distant objects in Rutlandshire , Lincolnshire , and the spires of Stamford . From the north front the ground gradually slopes to the river Welland . A complete list of the pictures and valuable curiosities of Burleigh will be found in a Guide published by the ingenious Mr. Drakard , bookseller , of Stamford , as well as in that gentleman 's excellent History of Stamford . About two miles west of Burleigh , are the ruins of Wothorp , or Worthorp House . According to Camden , a mansion of considerable size was erected here by Thomas Cecil , the first Earl of Burleigh , who jocularly said , “ he built it only to retire to out of the dust , while his great house at Burleigh was sweeping . ” After the Restoration the Duke of Buckingham resided here for some years . THE LION 'S ROAR . ( For the Mirror .) Sad is my grief , and violent my rage , Furious I knock my head against the rail , That damns me to this miserable cage ; Fierce as a Jack Tar with his well chew 'd tail , I dash my spittle on the ground , and roar Loud as the trump to bid us be no more . I am the doughty , the illustrious beast , Called Leo , father of the Panther young , Tho ’ last begotten , not belov 'd the least , You all know I have a roast beef tongue : Then , hear my John Bull clamour , hear my shout ! Why , why the d ——, roust we all tarn out ? Did I not keep a beef-eater below To show the ladies to my monarch cave ? I kept a constant levee day of show , And seldom monarchs so polite behave ! You paid far less for seeing me , I ken , Than porterage for seeing noble men . Did I not eat my supper in your presence . And gnaw the beef bone with a greedy tusk ? Did you not shudder at the marrow 's essence , Not quite so beautiful or sweet as musk ? Did I not ope my lion fauces wider Than is the difference ‘ twixt Moore and Ryder ? Then , why the d ——?— I 'm obliged to swear ! Must we turn out , to grace the monarch 's mews , From the thronged Strand which seemed our native air , And , where as thick as piety in pews , We growl 'd within our dens , nor hop 'd to change , Nor wish 'd , Instead of Exeter , a change . Sweet lovely corner , neighb'ring the Lyceum , Lord of whose showy board I used to crow . Frighting my brethren when folks came to see ‘ em , Or cutlery of Mr. Clarke below ; I mourn thee in the King 's Mews , Mr. Cross Get Mr. Southey 's muse to sing my loss . Yes , I am chang 'd , like shillings from the Mint Sent forth to find another one 's protection ! Chang 'd as palaver which the members print And do not follow after their election ! Ah ! Mr. Cross , your gratitude is low , You might have ask 'd me where I wish 'd to go . Since we have turn 'd out , like a minister Whose day of residence on loaves and fishes , Finding himself unable to defer , He offers up , as if ‘ twere to his wishes ; Listen , tho ’ lately coming , to my moan , And then I 'll tell you where we should have gone . The Monkeys should have dwelt in the Arcade , And join 'd their fellows , and their brethren Ape Sat in the shop where clothes are ready made , To show how elegant they fit the shape ! The Bears gone westward also , ne'er to range The city , lest they got upon the Change . The Tigers , with their talons might have got A place as blood letters to Dr. Brooks ! The Ounces found themselves a cosy spot In a confectioner 's or pastrycook 's , And yet I question howsoe'er they bake , That sixteen ounces make not a pound-cake . And , O , you Elephant !— I beg your pardon ! Dead Chunee ! listen to my grave petition , And take your ivory to Covent Garden ; That they may furnish me a free admission , And you , you Lynx , you ought to out , and sally The Winter Theatres , or dark blind alley . The lovely Zebra , Asia 's painted ass , ‘ Stead of a den , and bed of straw possessor , Down to old Cambridge should have had a pass , To fill the office of some wise professor ; Then , had he shown each antiquated quiz , His Zebra auricles were long as his . Thus had we all obtained a proper station , ‘ Twere in one day of happiness to cruise . And I had never written my vexation At being palac 'd in the Royal Mews . The reason for which conduct I 'm at loss , O , Mr. Cross , ‘ tay'nt you , but I am cross . I really thought thou had'st been much genteeler , Polite-o was thy grandfather , remember Thou wert a Merchant Tailor , and a stealer To school in younger days , in cold December , Then did thy fingers , shiv'ring like a Russ , Make thee to feel — thou could'st not feel for us . At Charing Cross , the Golden Cross is thine No longer ; why , then hurry us so near it , We do not in the little tap-room dine , Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it , This Mews is cold to the Exchange 's glow , Belle Sauvage Cross , thou'rt beau sauvage , I trow . My usage is the best , I do n't deny , Thou'st fee 'd the keeper , and he likes to feed us , But , then the situation I decry , But crying 's useless — who the deuce will heed us ? Then , reader would you listen to my wail , Come , and but see me , “ I 'll unfold my tail . ” P. T . CALCULATING CHILD . ( Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique . By a Correspondent .) ( For the Mirror .) A boy , seven years of age , whose name is Vincent Zuccaro , has excited the public attention at Palermo for some time past . This child , born of poor and uneducated parents , possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation ; his mind seizes , as it were , by instinct , all the varied combinations of numbers , which he unravels with equal facility . The various reports which had been spread throughout the city , respecting his talents , appeared so incredible , that a public meeting of literary men was expressly convened , for the purpose of examining his pretensions . The meeting was held on the 30th of January last , at the Academy Del Buon Gusto , and consisted of upwards of four hundred persons , among whom were observed some of the most distinguished literati and influential persons of the city . Two Professors of Mathematics were stationed near the child , to prevent collusion or fraud , and to take minutes of the questions proposed , with the answers returned . A great number of questions were proposed , which Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited general admiration . We shall only extract two of the most simple , as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible to general readers : Question 1 .— A ship set sail at noon from Naples to Palermo ( the distance between the two cities being 180 miles ) , and sailed at the rate of ten miles an hour ; another ship set off at the same time , to sail from Palermo to Naples , at the rate of seven miles per hour : at what time did the ships meet each other , and what was the distance sailed by each ? Vincent Zuccaro immediately replied — The first ship sailed 105 15 / 17 miles ; the second , 74 2 / 17 miles . It was then observed to him , that he had only answered part of the question , and that the hour of meeting had been omitted . He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure . The child had perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the former ; which he also imagined the examiners perceived as well as himself , and therefore he omitted it . Question 2 .— In three successive attacks upon a town , a quarter of the assailants perished in the first attack , a fifth in the second , and a sixth in the last , when their number was reduced to 138 men . Required the original number ? Answer , 360 . Q .— How did you find that number ? A .— If the number had been 60 , there would eventually have remained 23 ; now 23 being the sixth of 138 , the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 at first . Q .— Why did you suppose the number 60 , rather than 50 or 70 ? A .— Because neither 50 nor 70 are divisible by 4 or 6 . From these questions and replies , it will be readily understood that the child does not employ the ordinary artifices of mathematicians . Marquess Scriso , who was the first person to discover this singular talent , is about , with several other persons of distinction in the city , to solicit the aid of Government in the education of the child , every one being fully aware of the impropriety of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education . “ OUT OF SEASON , ” OR THE BEAU 'S LAMENT . ( For the Mirror .) “ There is no labour so great as idleness . ” Heigho ! what a blank is our being ! ahi ! For there 's nobody left in the town , That 's nobody fit to associate with me ; Dinner 's up , but my spirits are down , I can n't eat or drink ( how should I ?) for sorrow , And the lack of some usual treat , And I surely should hang me , or marry tomorrow , Were there not a few bawls in the street . Hang ! marry ! said I , why I 'm now drown 'd in tears , Who am wont in sham pain to lose real ; And could pull my own house down , about my own ears For lack of amusements ideal ; But plays , concerts , shopping , Di'ramas so bright , That enlarge the pent mind at a view , Are fled with my friends ; I 'm the wretchedest wight That from devil ennui , e'er look 'd blue ! O horrible ! horrible world ! there 's not e'en An old maid i n't , to ask me to tea ; Not fit , or in country or town , to be seen , They have hurried off , blindly to see ! Parks , houses , clubs , shops , churches , squares , deserts seem ; Quite flat , Magazines and Newspapers ; Ah , what shall I do ? make a trial of steam , In order to banish the vapours ? Shall I swallow my dinner ? I can n't — shall I sleep ? Then I do n't get away from myself ! Shall I think what a beau I have once been , and weep Like a belle , that is laid on the shelf ? Shall I write ? shall I read ? ah , yes , that will do , But an old book is terrible stuff : Boy , get the new novel , stop , reading 's so new , That a book will be novel enough ! M. L. B . ANCIENT HISTORY OF DRURY LANE . ( For the Mirror .) The reader will most probably exclaim , “ Ancient History of Drury Lane ! What a farce ! ” A dirty lane filled with all complexions of hawkers and pedlars , licensed and unlicensed !— true incurious reader , Gay has sung “ Of Drury 's mazy courts and dark abodes ; ” yet the topographical and theatrical loiterer may call to mind many pleasing reminiscences , although mingled with unpleasing ones : “ Who has not here a watch or snuff-box lost , Or handkerchiefs that India 's shuttle boast . ” GAY . Stowe says , “ Drury Lane , so called , for that there is a house belonging to the family of the Druries . [ 1 ] This lane turneth north towards S. Giles in the field . From the south end of this lane in the high street , are divers faire buildings , hostelries , and houses for gentlemen , and men of honor , & c . ” [ 1 ] Dr. Donne resided in a house of Sir R. Drury . Vide Life by honest Izaak Walton . Nightingale tells us , “ The west end of Wych Street was formerly ornamented by Drury House , built by Sir William Drury , an able commander in the Irish wars , in the reign of Queen Elizabeth , and who unfortunately fell in a duel with Sir John Burroughs , through a foolish quarrel about precedency . During the time of the fatal discontents of Elizabeth 's favourite , the Earl of Essex , it was the place where his imprudent advisers resolved on such counsels , as terminated in the destruction of him and his adherents . In the next century it was possessed by the heroic Earl of Craven , who rebuilt it . It was lately a large brick pile , concealed by other buildings and was a public-house , bearing the sign of the Queen of Bohemia 's Head , the earl 's admired mistress , whose battles he fought animated by love and duty . When he could aspire to her hand , he is supposed to have succeeded , and it is said , that they were privately married ; and that he built for her the fine seat at Hampstead Marshal , in the county of Berks , afterwards destroyed by fire . The services rendered by the earl to London , his native city , in particular , were exemplary . He was so indefatigable in preventing the ravages of the frequent fires of those days , that it was said his very horse smelt it out . He and Monk , Duke of Albemarle , [ 2 ] heroically staid in town during the dreadful pestilence , and at the hazard of their lives preserved order in the midst of the terror of the times . ” The house was taken down , and the ground purchased by Mr. Philip Astley , who built there the Olympic Pavilion . In Craven Buildings there was formerly a very good portrait of the Earl of Craven in armour , with a truncheon in his hand , and mounted on his white horse . The Theatre Royal in this street , originated on the Restoration . “ The king made a grant of a patent ( says Pennant ) for acting in what was then called the Cockpit , and the Phoenix , the actors were the king 's servants , were on the establishment , and ten of them were called gentlemen of the Great Chamber , and had ten yards of scarlet cloth allowed them , with a suitable quantity of lace . ” [ 2 ] He married a daughter of one of the Fine Barber-women of Drury Lane . There is a curious specimen of ancient architecture at the sign of the Cock and Magpie public-house , facing Craven Buildings . Smith , in his London , says , “ The late Mr. Thomas Batrich , barber , of Drury Lane , ( who died in 1815 , aged 85 years ,) informed me that Theophilus Cibber was the author of many of the prize-fighting bills , and that he frequently attended and encouraged his favourites . It may be here observed , that Drury Lane had seldom less than seven fights on a Sunday morning , all going on at the same time on distinct spots . ” At present , the fights are between the apple-women and the dogberries , respecting the legal tenure of stalls : “ Bess Hoy first found it troublesome to bawl , And therefore plac 'd her cherries on a stall . ” KING . Drury Lane will always be interesting to the theatrical loiterer , from the number of stars that have irradiated from its horizon . If the wise Solon had lived in our times , he would no doubt have felt a local attachment to this neighbourhood ; for he frequented plays even in the decline of life . And Plutarch informs us , he thought plays useful to polish the manners , and instil the principles of virtue . P. T. W . SOLUTION OF THE ENIGMATICAL EPITAPH , ( See Mirror , vol . xiv . page 214 .) O ! Superbe ! Mors superte ! Cur Superbis ? Deus supernos ! negat superbis vitam supernam . Proud man know this ! then wherefore art thou proud ? This awful doom — terrific cries aloud — Death lifts his arm ! with unrelenting dart , Ready to pierce thy lofty-tow'ring heart . Why then persist ? The Almighty hath denied Eternal life to all the slaves of Pride ! The Selector ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . THE NEW-YEAR 'S GIFT AND JUVENILE SOUVENIR FOR 1830 . Edited by Mrs. Alaric Watts . The association of the line — In wit a man , simplicity a child — is so happy as to be applicable to the Poet of all Nature . It expresses as much , if not more merit , than any single line often quoted , and its frequent repetition has probably induced us to consider the latter half — “ simplicity a child ” — as the peculiar talent of writing for young people , aimed at by many , yet accomplished by so few . What is it that so delights the young reader — we may say ourselves — in Robinson Crusoe [ 3 ] — the Shakspeare of the play-ground — but simplicity ; and where , among the thousands of nursery books that have since been written , can we find its match ? In childhood , youth , manhood , and old age , this is the great charm of life ; and even the vitiated appetite is not unfrequently coaxed into amendment by its very delightful character when contrasted with coarser enjoyments . Metaphysicians deal out this fact to the world over and over again , and all the philosophy of Locke , Newton , and Bacon would be of little worth without it . [ 3 ] A few weeks since we gave a copy of Robinson Crusoe to a young man , “ whose education had been neglected , ” and who had never read this delightful book : the account of his delight from its perusal has more than recompensed us tenfold . But this is too philosophical a strain for noticing a child 's book — a little volume that is among books what a child is in human nature — “ man in a small letter ; ” and such is Mrs. Watt 's “ New Year 's Gift . ” To express all the kindly feelings which it must produce in a mind occupied as ours often is with graver matters — would be only to repeat what we said a fortnight since ; and so without further premise , we will open this little casket of gems for the reader . We shall not string names together , but take a few of them . First , the “ Sisters of Scio , ” a true story , by the author of “ Constantinople in 1828 , ” of two little Greek girls being saved from the Turks , by a good Christian . Next is “ The Recall , ” by Mrs. Hemans :— Music is sorrowful Since thou wert gone ; Sisters are mourning thee — Come to thine own Hark ! the home voices call , Back to thy rest ! Come to thy father 's hall , Thy mother 's breast ! O'er the far blue mountains , O'er the white sea-foam , Come , thou long parted one ! Back to thy home ! — How appropriate is the story and its sequel ; nay , almost as good as two of Mr. Farley 's pantomime scenes at Christmas . “ The Miller 's Daughter , ” a tale of the French Revolution , which follows , is hardly so fit : even the mention of Robespierre and the Reign of Terror chills one 's blood . “ The Sights of London , ” is a string of “ City Scenes ” in verse ; and “ May Maxwell , ” and “ The Broken Pitcher , ” are pretty ballads , by the Howitts . We are not half through the book , and can only mention “ the Young Governess , ” a school story — “ the Birds and the Beggar of Bagdad , ” a fairy tale — “ Lady Lucy 's Petition , ” an historiette — “ the Restless Boy , ” by Mrs. Opie , and the “ Passionate Little Girl , ” by Mrs. Hofland — all sparkling trifles in prose . Among the poetry is “ the African Mier-Vark , ” or Ant-eater , by Mr. Pringle , and “ the Deadly Nightshade , ” a sweetly touching ballad , dated from Florence ; “ the Vulture of the Alps ” is of similar character ; and we are much pleased with some lines on Birds , by Barry Cornwall , one set of which we copy , the best prose papers being too long for extract : TO A WOUNDED SINGING BIRD . Poor singer ! hath the fowler 's gun , Or the sharp winter , done thee harm ? We 'll lay thee gently in the sun , And breathe on thee , and keep thee warm ; Perhaps some human kindness still May make amends for human ill . We 'll take thee in , and nurse thee well , And save thee from the winter wild , Till summer fall on field and fell , And thou shalt be our feathered child , And tell us all thy pain and wrong When thou again canst speak in song . Fear not , nor tremble , little bird ,— We 'll use thee kindly now , And sure there 's in a friendly word An accent even thou shouldst know ; For kindness which the heart doth teach , Disdaineth all peculiar speech . ‘ Tis common to the bird , and brute , To fallen man , to angel bright , And sweeter ‘ tis than lonely lute Heard in the air at night — Divine and universal toungue , Whether by bird or spirit sung ! But hark ! is that a sound we hear Come chirping from its throat ,— Faint — short — but weak , and very clear , And like a little grateful note ? Another ? ha — look where it lies , It shivers — gasps — is still ,— it dies ! ‘ Tis dead ,— ‘ tis dead ! and all our care Is useless . Now , in vain The mother 's woe doth pierce the air , Calling her nestling bird again ! All 's vain :— the singer 's heart is cold , Its eye is dim ,— its fortune told ! A versification of a story in Mrs. Barbauld 's “ Evenings at home , ” by Sneyd Edgeworth , Esq . deserves favourable mention ; even the names will tempt the reader . There are eleven plates ; the frontispiece , “ Little Flora , ” from Boaden , and engraved by Edwards , is a sweet production ; and the figures in “ the Broken Pitcher , ” from Gainsborough , [ A ] are well executed by H. Robinson . To conclude , we cordially recommend this little volume to such purchasers as wish to combine simplicity with talent , and the several beauties of picture and print in their “ New Year 's Gift , ” for 1830 . [ 4 ] We should like to see a volume of poems written by Wordsworth , and illustrated by Gainsborough . How delightfully too would a few of the poet 's lines glib off in a Juvenile Annual . EDIE OCHILTREE . From the New Edition of “ The Antiquary . ” Of the “ blue gowns , ” or king 's bedesmen , from whom the character of Edie Ochiltree was drawn , after giving an account from Martin 's “ Reliquiae Divi Sancti Andrae , ” of an order of beggars in Scotland , supposed to have descended from the ancient bards , and existing in Scotland in the seventeenth century , but now extinct , Sir Walter Scott says :— “ The old remembered beggar , even in my own time , like the Baccoch , or travelling cripple of Ireland , was expected to merit his quarters by something beyond an exposition of his distresses . He was often a talkative , facetious fellow , prompt at repartee , and not withheld from exercising his powers that way by any respect of persons , his patched cloak giving him the privilege of the ancient jester . To be a gude crack , that is , to possess talents for conversation , was essential to the trade of a ‘ puir body ’ of the more esteemed class ; and Burns , who delighted in the amusement their discourse afforded , seems to have looked forward with gloomy firmness to the possibility of himself becoming one day or other a member of their itinerant society . In his poetical works , it is alluded to so often , as perhaps to indicate that he considered the consummation as not utterly impossible . Thus , in the fine dedication of his works to Gavin Hamilton , he says — “ And when I downa yoke a naig , Then , Lord be thankit , I can beg . ” Again , in his Epistle to Davie , a brother poet , he states , that in their closing career — “ The last o't , the warst o't , Is only just to beg . ” And after having remarked , that “ To lie in kilns and barns at e'en , When banes are crazed and blude is thin , Is doubtless great distress ; ” the bard reckons up , with true poetical spirit , the free enjoyment of the beauties of nature , which might counterbalance the hardship and uncertainty of the life even of a mendicant . In one of his prose letters , to which I have lost the reference , he details this idea yet more seriously , and dwells upon it , as not ill adapted to his habits and powers . “ As the life of a Scottish mendicant of the eighteenth century , seems to have been contemplated without much horror by Robert Burns , the author can hardly have erred in giving to Edie Ochiltree something of poetical character and personal dignity , above the more abject of his miserable calling . The class had , in fact , some privileges . A lodging , such as it was , was readily granted to them in some of the outhouses , and the usual awmous ( alms ) of a handful of meal ( called a gowpen ) was scarce denied by the poorest cottager . The mendicant disposed of these , according to their different quality , in various bags around his person , and thus carried about with him the principal part of his sustenance , which he literally received for the asking . At the houses of the gentry , his cheer was mended by scraps of broken meat , and perhaps a Scottish ‘ twal-penny , ’ or English penny , which was expended in snuff or whisky . In fact , these indolent peripatetics suffered much less real hardship and want of food , than the poor peasants from whom they received alms . “ If , in addition to his personal qualifications , the mendicant chanced to be a King 's Bedesman , or Blue Gown , he belonged , in virtue thereof , to the aristocracy of his order , and was esteemed a person of great importance . ” An extract then follows from an account of payments to “ Blew Gownis , ” by Sir Robert Melvill , of Murdocarney , treasurer-depute of King James VI ., furnished to the author of “ Waverley , ” by an officer of the Register House ; after which Sir Walter proceeds as follows :— “ I have only to add , that although the institution of King 's Bedesmen still subsists , they are now seldom to be seen in the streets of Edinburgh , of which their peculiar dress made them rather a characteristic feature . “ Having thus given an account of the genus and species to which Edie Ochiltree appertains , the author may add , that the individual he had in his eye was Andrew Gemmells , an old mendicant of the character described , who was many years since well known , and must still be remembered , in the vales of Gala , Tweed , Ettrick , Yarrow , and the adjoining country . “ The author has in his youth repeatedly seen and conversed with Andrew , but cannot recollect whether he held the rank of Blue Gown . He was a remarkably fine old figure , very tall , and maintaining a soldier-like , or military manner and address . His features were intelligent , with a powerful expression of sarcasm . His motions were always so graceful , that he might almost have been suspected of having studied them ; for he might , on any occasion , have served as a model for an artist , so remarkably striking were his ordinary attitudes . Andrew Gemmells had little of the cant of his calling ; his wants were food and shelter , or a trifle of money , which he always claimed , and seemed to receive , as his due . He sang a good song , told a good story , and could crack a severe jest with all the acumen of Shakspeare 's jesters , though without using , like them , the cloak of insanity . It was some fear of Andrew 's satire , as much as a feeling of kindness or charity , which secured him the general good reception which he enjoyed every where . In fact , a jest of Andrew Gemmells , especially at the expense of a person of consequence , flew round the circle which he frequented , as surely as the bon-mot of a man of established character for wit glides through the fashionable world . Many of his good things are held in remembrance , but are generally too local and personal to be introduced here . “ Andrew had a character peculiar to himself among his tribe , for aught I ever heard . He was ready and willing to play at cards or dice with any one who desired such amusement . This was more in the character of the Irish itinerant gambler , called in that country a carrow , than of the Scottish beggar . But the late Reverend Doctor Robert Douglas , minister of Galashiels , assured the author , that the last time he saw Andrew Gemmells , he was engaged in a game at brag with a gentleman of fortune , distinction , and birth . To preserve the due gradations of rank , the party was made at an open window of the chateau , the laird sitting on his chair in the inside , the beggar on a stool in the yard ; and they played on the window-sill . The stake was a considerable parcel of silver . The author expressing some surprise , Dr. Douglas observed , that the laird was no doubt a humorist or original ; but that many decent persons in those times would , like him , have thought there was nothing extraordinary in passing an hour , either in card-playing or conversation , with Andrew Gemmells . “ This singular mendicant had generally , or was supposed to have , as much money about his person , as would have been thought the value of his life among modern footpads . On one occasion , a country gentleman , generally esteemed a very narrow man , happening to meet Andrew , expressed great regret that he had no silver in his pocket , or he would have given him sixpence :— ‘ I can give you change for a note laird , ’ replied Andrew . “ Like most who have arisen to the head of their profession , the modern degradation which mendicity has undergone was often the subject of Andrew 's lamentations . As a trade , he said , it was forty pounds a year worse since he had first practised it . On another occasion he observed , begging was in modern times scarcely the profession of a gentleman , and that if he had twenty sons , he would not easily be induced to breed one of them up in his own line . When or where this laudator temporis acti closed his wanderings , the author never heard with certainty ; but most probably , as Burns says — “ —— he died a cadger-powny 's death At some dike side . ” “ The author may add another picture of the same kind as Edie Ochiltree and Andrew Gemmells ; considering these illustrations as a sort of gallery , open to the reception of any thing which may elucidate former manners , or amuse the reader . “ The author 's contemporaries at the university of Edinburgh will probably remember the thin wasted form of a venerable old Bedesman , who stood by the Potter-row Port , now demolished ; and , without speaking a syllable , gently inclined his head , and offered his hat , but with the least possible Degree of urgency , towards each individual who passed . This man gained , by silence and the extenuated and wasted appearance of a palmer from a remote country , the same tribute which was yielded to Andrew Gemmells 's sarcastic humour and stately deportment . He was understood to be able to maintain a son a student in the theological classics of the University , at the gate of which the father was a mendicant . The young man was modest and inclined to learning , so that a student of the same age , and whose parents were rather of the lower order , moved by seeing him excluded from the society of other scholars when the secret of his birth was suspected , endeavoured to console him by offering him some occasional civilities . The old mendicant was grateful for this attention to his son , and one day , as the friendly student passed , he stooped forward more than usual , as if to intercept his passage . The scholar drew out a halfpenny , which he concluded was the beggar 's object , when he was surprised to receive his thanks for the kindness he had shown to Jemmie , and at the same time a cordial invitation to dine with them next Sunday , ‘ on a shoulder of mutton and potatoes , ’ adding , ‘ ye 'll put on your clean sark , as I have company . ’ The student was strongly tempted to accept of this hospitable proposal , as many in his place would probably have done ; but as the motive might have been capable of misrepresentation , he thought it most prudent , considering the character and circumstances of the old man , to decline the invitation . “ Such are a few traits of Scottish mendicity , designed to throw light on a novel in which a character of that description plays a prominent part . We conclude , that we have vindicated Edie Ochiltree 's right to the importance assigned him ; and have shown , that we have known one beggar take a hand at cards with a person of distinction , and another give dinner parties . ” The curious reader who is anxious to pursue the character still further , will be gratified with “ a few particulars with which his biographer appears to be unacquainted , ” — by a Correspondent of the Literary Gazette , No . 664 . UNLUCKY TEXT . Poor Dr. Sheridan , in an unguarded moment , but in as guiltless a spirit as characterized the Vicar of Wakefield , chose for his text , upon the anniversary of the succession of the House of Hanover , “ Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof . ” Although the sermon did not contain a single political allusion that could have caused uneasiness , or should have given offence , yet it was recorded in judgment against him , and obstructed his preferment ever after .— Southey 's Colloquies . The Naturalist . THE AMERICAN ALOE . Illustration An American Aloe ( Agave Americana ) is one of the most superb exhibitions in the whole vegetable kingdom . The plant , when vigorous , rises upwards of twenty feet high , and branches out on every side , forming a kind of pyramid , of greenish yellow flowers , in thick clusters at every joint . We often meet with the aloe in our conservatories , and it has been known to flourish in the open air . A Correspondent of the Gardener 's Magazine , writing from Gwrich Castle , Abergelay , Denbighshire , tells us that “ about eight years back he pulled down one of his hot-houses , in which stood a large American Aloe , known to be 68 years of age . It was in a box about two feet square , and the plant was so large that he determined not to put it in the new house then building ; it was , in consequence , placed alongside the south wall in the corner ( not expecting it to live ,) where it has been ever since , never having been watered in summer , nor matted nor attended to in winter , and it is now as vigorous and as healthy ( if not more so ) than before . The box was not buried in the ground , and is now falling to pieces . The garden is about 100 yards from the sea . ” It is no fable that the Aloe grows about a hundred years ( a few more or less ) before it blooms ; and , after yielding its seed , the stem withers and dies . If we remember right , a beautiful specimen in full bloom , was exhibited three or four years since at the Argyll Rooms , in Regent Street . It may be as well to mention that the sharp-pointed leaves have been known to inflict serious injury . In the Lancet , No . 313 , vol . ii ., a case is recorded of a young gardener , who whilst watering some plants in a gentleman 's garden , at Camberwell , accidentally struck his hand against an aloe plant , one of the prickles of which passed into the last joint of his lefthand little finger ; he regarded the circumstance at the time as but of trifling consequence , on account of its causing him but slight inconvenience ; neither were the effects worth notice until two days after the accident , when the part put on a white appearance , and the finger became very stiff , swollen , and painful ; these symptoms increased , and by the following morning the whole hand and arm , as far as the elbow , had attained an exceedingly large size . After suffering about two months , the poor fellow was removed into St. Thomas 's Hospital , where the diseased arm was amputated by Mr. Travers , and the patient soon recovered his accustomed good health . MOLES . In those districts where moles abound , it may be remarked that some of the mole-hills are considerably larger than others . When a hill of enlarged dimensions is thus discovered , we may be almost certain of finding the nest , or den of the mole near it , by digging to a sufficient depth . The fur of the mole is admirably adapted from its softness and short close texture for defending the animal from subterraneous damp , which is always injurious , more or less to non-amphibious animals ; and in this climate , no choice of situation could entirely guard against it . It is a singular fact that there are no moles in Ireland . May not the dampness of the climate account for their not thriving there ?— Edinburgh Lit . Gaz . CHANGES IN ANIMALS . All domestic mammiferous animals introduced into America have become more numerous than the indigenous animals . The hog multiplies very rapidly , and assumes much of the character of the wild boar . Cows did not at first thrive , but , in St. Domingo , only twenty-seven years after its first discovery , 4 , 000 in a herd was not uncommon , and some herds of 8 , 000 are mentioned . In 1587 , this island exported 35 , 444 hides , and New Grenada 64 , 350 . Cows never thrive nor multiply where salt is wanting either in the plants or in the water . They give less milk in America , and do not give milk at all if the calves be taken from them . Among horses the colts have all the amble , as those in Europe have the trot : this is probably a hereditary effect . Bright chestnut is the prevailing colour among the wild horses . The lambs which are not from merinos , but the tana basta and burda of the Spaniards , at first are covered with wool , and when this is timely shorn , it grows again ; if the proper time is allowed to elapse , the wool falls off , and is succeeded by short , shining , close hair , like that of the goat in the same climate . Every animal , it would appear , like man , requires time to accustom itself to climate . THE GREAT AMERICAN BITTERN . A most interesting and remarkable circumstance we learn from the Magazine of Natural History , attends the great American Bittern ; it is that it has the power of emitting a light from its breast equal to the light of a common torch , which illuminates the water so as to enable it to discover its prey . As this circumstance is not mentioned by any naturalist , the correspondent of the journal in question , took every precaution to determine , as he has done , the truth of it . Notes of a Reader . BRITISH SEA SONGS . One of our earliest naval ballads is derived from the Pepys Collection , and is supposed to have been written in the reign of Queen Elizabeth . It records the events of a sea-fight in the reign of Henry the Eighth , between Lord Howard and Sir Andrew Barton , a Scotch pirate ; and it is rendered curious by the picture it presents of naval engagements in those days , and by a singular fact which transpires in the course of the details ; namely , that the then maritime force of England consisted of only two ships of war . In Percy 's “ Reliques of Ancient Poetry , ” there is another old marine ballad , called the “ Winning of Cales , ” a name which our sailors had given to Cadiz . This affair took place in June , 1596 ; but the description of it in the old song presents nothing peculiar , or worthy of attention as regards naval manners . From this period , I cannot at present call to mind any sea song of importance till Gay 's “ Black-eyed Susan , ” which , you know , has maintained its popularity to the present hour , and which deserves to have done so , no less on account of the beauty of the verses , than of the pathetic air in the minor to which they are set . This was , at no great length of time , succeeded by Stevens 's “ Storm , ” a song which , I believe you will all allow , stands deservedly at the head of the lyrics of the deep . The words are nautically correct , the music is of a manly and original character , and the subject-matter is one of the most interesting of the many striking incidents common to sea-life . These fine ballads , if I mistake not , were succeeded by one or two popular songs , with music by Dr. Arne ; then came those of Dibdin , which were in their turn followed by a host of compositions , distinguished more by the strenuous , robust character of the music , than by poetical excellence , or professional accuracy in the words . The songs in which the words happened to be vigorous and true — ( such , for example , as Cowper 's noble ballad called the “ Castaway , ” and the “ Loss of the Royal George , ” ) were not set to music ; but the powers of Shield , Davy , and others , were wasted on verses unworthy of their compositions . Among these , the foremost in excellence is the “ Arethusa , ” a composition on which the singing of Incledon , and the bold , reckless , original John-Bull-like character of the air by Shield , or ascribed to him , have fixed a high reputation . Davy 's “ Bay of Biscay , ” deserves its popularity ; and the “ Sailor Boy , ” “ The Old Commodore , ” and one or two other melodies by Reeve , ( who , though not much of a musician , was an admirable melodist ,) abound also in the qualities which I have already alluded to , as peculiar to the national music adapted to sea songs .— Blackwood 's Magazine . MAKING A BOOK . Lady Morgan gives the following process by which her “ Book of the Boudoir ” was manufactured : “ While the fourth volume of the O'Briens , ” says her ladyship , “ was going through the press , Mr. Colburn was sufficiently pleased with the subscription ( as it is called in the trade ) to the first edition , to desire a new work from the author . I was just setting off for Ireland , the horses literally putting to , [ how curious !] when Mr. Colburn arrived with his flattering proposition . [ How apropos !] I could not enter into any future engagement ; [ how awkward !] and Mr. Colburn taking up a scrabby MS. volume which the servant was about to thrust into the pocket of the carriage , asked , ‘ What was that ? ’ [ How touchingly simple !] I said it was ‘ one of many volumes of odds and ends de omnibus rebus ; ’ and I read him the last entry I had made the night before , on my return from the opera . [ How very obliging , considering that the horses were literally put to !] ‘ This is the very thing ! ’ said the ‘ European publisher ; ’ [ how charming ! and yet how droll !] and if the public is of the same opinion , I shall have nothing to regret in thus coming , though somewhat in dishabille , before its tribunal . ” Blackwood 's Magazine . APPARITIONS . Dr. Southey 's opinion on apparitions deserves to be carried to the controversial account of this ever-interesting question :— “ My serious belief amounts to this , that preternatural impressions are sometimes communicated to us for wise purposes ; and that departed spirits are sometimes permitted to manifest themselves . ” — Colloquies . THE FEUDAL SYSTEM . The system of servitude , which prevailed in the earlier periods of our history was not of that unmitigated character that may be supposed . “ No man in those days could prey upon society , unless he were at war with it as an outlaw — a proclaimed and open enemy . Rude as the laws were , the purposes of law had not then been perverted ;— it had not been made a craft ;— it served to deter men from committing crimes , or to punish them for the commission ;— never to shield notorious , acknowledged , impudent guilt , from condign punishment . And in the fabric of society , imperfect as it was , the outline and rudiments of what it ought to be were distinctly marked in some main parts , where they are now wellnigh utterly effaced . Every person had his place . There was a system of superintendence everywhere , civil as well us religious . They who were born in villainage , were born to an inheritance of labour , but not of inevitable depravity and wretchedness . If one class were regarded in some respects as cattle , they were at least taken care of ; they were trained , fed , sheltered , and protected ; and there was an eye upon them when they strayed . None were wild , unless they were wild wilfully , and in defiance of control . None were beneath the notice of the priest , nor placed out of the possible reach of his instruction and his care . But how large a part of your population are , like the dogs of Lisbon and Constantinople , unowned , unbroken to any useful purpose , subsisting by chance or by prey ; living in filth , mischief , and wretchedness ; a nuisance to the community while they live , and dying miserably at last ! ” — Ibid . THE STEAM BOAT ILLUSTRATED . By one of “ the Islington , Gray 's Inn Lane , and New Road Grand Literary , Scientific , and Philosophical Institution . How wondrous is the science of mechanism ! how variegated its progeny , how simple , yet how compound ! I am propelled to the consideration of this subject by having optically perceived that ingenious nautical instrument , which has just now flown along like a mammoth , that monster of the deep ! You ask me how are steam-boats propagated ? in other words , how is such an infinite and immovable body inveigled along its course ? I will explain it to you . It is by the power of friction ; that is to say , the two wheels , or paddles turning diametrically , or at the same moment , on their axioms , and repressing by the rotundity of their motion the action of the menstruum in which the machine floats ,— water being , in a philosophical sense , a powerful non-conductor ,— it is clear , that in proportion as is the revulsion so is the progression ; and as is the centrifugal force , so is the —. ” “ Pooh ! ” cried Uncle John , “ let us have some music . ” New Monthly Magazine . LAWS FOR THE POOR . Every civilized state in the world , except Ireland , has prevented the extortion of the landlords , by institutions , either springing from the nature of society , or established by positive legal enactments . In Austria , great exertions are made for the poor .— Vide “ Reisbeck 's Travels through Germany , ” p. 79 ; and “ Este 's Journey , ” p. 337 . In Bavaria , there are laws obliging each community to maintain its own poor .— Vide “ Count Rumford 's Establishment of Poor in Bavaria , ” chap . 1 . In Protestant Germany they are even better provided for .— Vide “ Henderson 's Tour in Germany , ” p. 74 . In Russia , the aged and infirm are provided with food and raiment by law , at the expense of the owner of the estate .— “ Clarke 's Travels in Russia . ” For others who may want , there is a college of provision in each government .— “ Took 's Russian Empire , ” vol . ii . p. 181 . In Livonia and Poland , the lord is bound by law to provide for the serf .— Vide “ Bavarian Transactions , ” vol . iii . In Northern Italy and Sicily , the crop is equally divided between landlord and tenant .— Vide “ Sismondi 's Italy . ” And the revenues of the church support the poor . In imperial France , though the land had been divided by an Agrarian law , and cultivated , yet the Octroi , with other revenues , were devoted to the poor . In Hungary , though feudal slavery gives an interest to the lord of the soil in the life of his serf , yet the law insists upon the provision of food , raiment and shelter . In Switzerland , though the Agrarian law is in force , and the governments purchase corn to keep down the retail prices , yet there is a provision for the poor .— Vide “ Sismondi 's Switzerland , ” vol . 1. p. 452 . In Norway there is a provision for the poor .— Clarke 's “ Scandinavia , ” p. 637 . In Sweden , the most moral country in the world , the poor are maintained in the same manner as in England ; a portion of the parochial assessment is devoted by law to education .— James 's “ Tour through Sweden , ” p. 105 . In Flanders there are permanent funds , & c. for the sustentation of the poor . Vide Radcliff 's “ Report on the Agriculture of Flanders . ” And there are in the Netherlands seven great workhouses . The Dutch poor laws do not differ much from our own .— - Vide Macfarlan 's “ Inquiries concerning the Poor , ” p. 218 . Even in Iceland , there is a provision for the poor .— Vide Han 's “ Iceland . ” Also in Denmark .— Vide p. 292 , Jacob 's “ Tracts on the Corn Laws . ” In America there are poor laws .— Vide Dr. Dwight 's “ Travels , ” vol . iv . p. 326 . In Scotland the English system is rapidly extending ; and where the poor laws are not introduced , there are a great many of the miseries which are found in Ireland .— Vide “ Evidence of A. Nimmo , Esq . before the Lords ’ Committee on Ireland , 1824 . ” This gentleman thinks , that if they had been earlier introduced , Scotland would be now a richer country . He also states , that the average expense of supporting idle mendicants in Ireland , exceeds one million and a half annually , by the contribution of more than a ton of potatoes from each farm house , to encourage a system of licentious idleness , profligacy , insolence , and plunder ; and the grand jury presentments amount annually to a million .— Monthly Mag . In Turkey , nailing by the ears is an operation performed on bakers , for selling light bread . There is a hole cut in the door for the back of the culprit 's head ; the ears are then nailed to the panel ; he is left in this position till sunset , then released ; and seldom sustains any permanent injury from the punishment , except in his reputation . Perjury is an offence which is so little thought of , that it is visited with the mildest of all their punishments . The offender is set upon an ass , with his face to the tail , and a label on his back , with the term scheat or perjurer . In this way he is led about to the great amusement of the multitude , and even of his associates . SCHOOL DAYS . Linnaeus long retained an unpleasant recollection of his school days ; [ 5 ] it is common to call this period of human life , a happy one , but that existence must have been very wretched , of which , the time passed at school has been the happiest part ; it is sufficiently apparent even to superficial observers that the mind cannot , in early life , be sufficiently matured for high enjoyment ; the most exquisite of our pleasures , are intellectual , and cannot be relished until the mental faculties have been cultivated and expanded .— Clayton 's Sketches in Biography . [ 5 ] He was sent at the age of ten years to a school at Wexin , the master of which was so severe as entirely to destroy his spirits , and repress the early indications of his extraordinary talents . SPIRIT OF THE Public Journals AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A LANDAULET ! I dined one day at a bachelor 's dinner in Lincoln 's Inn-fields , and my wife having no engagement that evening , I gave my coachman a half holiday , and when he had set me down , desired him to put up his horses , as I should return home in a jarvey . At eleven , my conveyance arrived ; the steps were let down , and , when down , they slanted under the body of the carriage ; my foot slipped from the lowest step , and I grazed my shin against the second ; but at last I surmounted the difficulty , and seating myself , sank back upon the musty , fusty , ill-savoured squabs of the jarvey . I was about to undertake a very formidable journey ; I lived in the Regent 's Park ; and as the horses that now drew me had been worked hard during the day , it seemed probable that some hours would elapse before I could reach my own door . Off they went , however ; the coachman urged them on with whip and tongue : the body of the jarvey swung to and fro ; the glasses shook and clattered ; the straw on the floor felt damp , and rain water oozed through the roof , ( for it was a landaulet ) . I felt chilled , and drew up the front window , at least I drew up the frame ; but as it contained no glass , I was not the warmer for my pains ; so I wrapped my cloak around me , and rather sulkily sank into a reverie . The vehicle still continued to rumble , and rattle , and shake , and squeak ; I fell into a doze , caused by some fatigue and much claret , and gradually these sounds seemed to soften into a voice ! I distinguished intelligible accents ! I listened attentively to the low murmurs , and distinctly I heard , and treasured in my memory , what appeared to me to be the “ Lament of the Landaulet ! ” The poor body seemed to sigh , and the wheels became spokesmen ! “ I am about fifteen years of age , ” ( thus squeaked my equipage ) ; “ I was born in Long Acre , the birthplace of the aristocracy of my race , and Messrs. Houlditch were my parents . “ No four-wheeled carriage could possibly have entered upon life with brighter prospects ; it is , alas ! my hard lot to detail the vicissitudes that rendered me what I am . “ I was ordered by an earl , who was on the point of marriage with an heiress , and I was fitted up in the most expensive style . My complexion was pale yellow ; on my sides I had coronets and supporters ; my inside was soft and comfortable ; my rumble behind was satisfactory ; and my dicky was perfection , and provided with a hammercloth . My boots were capacious , my pockets were ample , and my leathers in good condition . “ When I stood at the earl 's door on the morning of his marriage , it was admitted by all who beheld me , that a neater turn-out had never left Long Acre . Lightly did my noble possessor press my cushions , as I wafted him to St. George 's Church , Hanover Square ; and when the ceremony was over , and the happy pair sat side by side within me , the earl kissed the lips of his countess , and I felt proud , not of the rank and wealth of my contents , but because they were contented and happy . “ Oh , how merrily my wheels whirled in those days ! I bore my possessors to their country-seat ; I flew about the county returning wedding visits ; I went to races , with sandwiches and champagne in my pockets ; and I spent many a long night in the inn-yard , while my lord and lady were presiding at county assemblies . “ Mine was a life of sunshine and smiles . But ladies are capricious : the countess suddenly discovered that I was heavy . Now , if she wished me to be light-headed , why did she order a landaulet ? She declared , too , that I was unfit for town service ; gave new orders to Houlditch ; took possession of a chariot fashioned eight months later than myself ; sent me to Long Acre to be disposed of , and I became a secondhand article ! “ My humiliation happened at an unlucky moment , for continual racketing in the country had quite unhinged me ; I required bracing , and had quite lost my colour . My paternal relation , however , ( Houlditch ) , undertook my repair , and I was very soon exhibited painted green , and ticketed , ‘ For sale secondhand . ’ “ It was now the month of May , when all persons of the smallest fashionable pretensions shun their country abodes and come to London , that they may escape the first fragrance of the flowers , the first song of the birds , the budding beauty of the forests and the fresh verdure of the fields . I therefore felt ( as young unmarried ladies feel at the commencement of the season ) that there was every chance of my finding a lord and master , and becoming a prominent ornament of his establishment . “ After standing for a month at Houlditch 's , ( who , by the by , was not over-civil to his own child , but made a great favour of giving me house-room ) , I one day found myself scrutinized by a gentleman of very fashionable appearance . He was in immediate want of a carriage ; I was , fortunately , exactly the sort of carriage he required , and in a quarter of an hour the transfer was arranged . “ The gentleman was on the point of running away with a young lady ; he was attached to her , four horses were attached to me , and I was in waiting at the corner of Grosvenor Street at midnight . I thought myself a fortunate vehicle ; I anticipated another marriage , another matrimonial trip , another honeymoon . Alas ! my present trip was not calculated to add to my respectability . My owner , who was a military man , was at his post at the appointed time : he seemed hurried and agitated ; frequently looked at his watch ; paced rapidly before one of the houses , and continually looked towards the drawing-room windows . At length a light appeared , the window was opened , and a female , muffled in a cloak and veil , stood on the balcony ; she leaned anxiously forward ; he spoke , and without replying she re-entered the room . The street-door opened , and a brisk little waiting-maid came out with some bundles , which she deposited in the carriage : the captain ( for such was his rank ) had entered the hall , and he now returned , bearing in his arms a fainting , weeping woman ; he placed her by his side in the carriage : my rumble was instantly occupied by the waiting-maid and my master 's man , and we drove off rapidly towards Brighton . “ The captain was a man of fashion ; handsome , insinuating , profligate , and unfeeling . The lady — it is painful to speak of her : what she had been , she could never more be ; and what she then was , she herself had yet to learn . She had been the darling pet daughter of a rich old man ; and a dissipated nobleman had married her for her money when she was only sixteen . She had been accustomed to have every wish gratified by her doting parent ; she now found herself neglected and insulted by her husband . Her father could not bear to see his darling 's once-smiling face grow pale and sad , and he died two years after her marriage . She plunged into the whirlpool of dissipation , and tasted the rank poisons which are so often sought as the remedies for a sad heart . From folly she ran to imprudence ; from imprudence to guilt ;— and was the runaway wife happier than she who once suffered unmerited ill-usage at home ? Time will show . “ At Brighton , my wheels rattled along the cliffs as briskly and as loudly as the noblest equipage there ; but no female turned a glance of recognition towards my windows , and the eyes of former friends were studiously averted . I bore my lady through the streets , and I waited for her now and then at the door of the theatre ; but at gates of respectability , at balls , and at assemblies , I , alas ! was never ‘ called , ’ and never ‘ stopped the way . ’ Like a disabled soldier , I ceased to bear arms , and I was crest-fallen ! “ This could not last : my mistress could little brook contempt , especially when she felt it to be deserved ; her cheek lost its bloom , her eye its lustre ; and when her beauty became less brilliant , she no longer possessed the only attraction which had made the captain her lover . He grew weary of her , soon took occasion to quarrel with her , and she was left without friends , without income , and without character . I was at length torn from her : it nearly broke my springs to part with her ; but I was despatched to the bazaar in London , and saw no more of my lady . ( To be continued .) FASHIONABLE NOVELS . It is well that hard words break no bones , else two or three gentlemen of literary notoriety would be in a sorry plight after reading the following passage in a recent Magazine . We stand by , and like the fellow in the play , bite our thumb :— “ Surely , surely , all men , women , and children , not cursed with the fatuity that would become a vice-president of the Phrenological Society , must by this time be about heartsick of what are called Novels of Fashionable Life . Only two men of any pretensions to superiority of talent have had part in the uproarious manufacture of this ware , that has been dinned in our ears by trumpet after trumpet , during the last six or seven years . Mr. Theodore Hook began the business — a man of such strong native sense and thorough knowledge of the world as it is , that we cannot doubt the coxcombry which has drawn so much derision on his sayings and doings was all , to use a phrase which he himself has brought into fashion , humbug . He could not cast his keen eyes over any considerable circle of society in this country , without perceiving the melancholy fact , that the British nation labours under a universal mania for gentility — all the world hurrying and bustling in the same idle chase — good honest squires and baronets , with pedigrees of a thousand years , and estates of ten thousand acres — ay , and even noble lords — yea , the noblest of the noble themselves ( or at least their ladies ) , rendered fidgety and uncomfortable by the circumstance of their not somehow or other belonging to one particular little circle in London . Comely round-paunched parsons and squireens , again , all over the land , eating the bread of bitterness , and drinking the waters of sorrow , because they are , or think they are , tipt the cold shoulder by these same honest squires and baronets , & c. & c. & c. who , excluded from Almack 's , in their own fair turn and rural sphere enact nevertheless , with much success , the part of exclusives — and so downwards — down to the very verge of dirty linen . The obvious facility of practising lucratively on this prevailing folly — of raising 700l ., 1000l ., or 1500l . per series , merely by cramming the mouths of the asinine with mock-majestic details of fine life — this found favour with an indolent no less than sagacious humorist ; and the fatal example was set . Hence the vile and most vulgar pawings of such miserables as Messrs. Vivian Grey and “ The Roue ” — creatures who betray in every page , which they stuff full of Marquess and My Lady , that their own manners are as gross as they make it their boast to show their morals . Hence , some two or three pegs higher , and not more , are such very very fine scoundrels as the Pelhams , & c .; shallow , watery-brained , ill-taught , effeminate dandies — animals destitute apparently of one touch of real manhood , or of real passion — cold , systematic , deliberate debauchees , withal — seducers , God wot ! and duellists , and , above all , philosophers ! How could any human being be gulled by such flimsy devices as these ? “ These gentry form a sort of cross between the Theodorian breed of novel and the Wardish — the extravagantly overrated — the heavy , imbecile , pointless , but still well-written , sensible , and , we may even add , not disagreeable , Tremaine and De Vere . The second of these books was a mere rifacimento of the first ; and , fortunately for what remained of his reputation , Mr. Robert Ward has made no third attempt . He has much to answer for ; e. g . if we were called upon to point out the most disgusting abomination to be found in the whole range of contemporary literature , we have no hesitation in saying we should feel it our duty to lay our finger on the Bolingbroke-Balaam of that last and worst of an insufferable charlatan 's productions . ” — Devereux . BRUSSELS IN 1829 . For the education of youth of both sexes , Brussels is one of the best stations on the continent , and is a good temporary residence for Englishmen whose means are limited . The country is plentiful , and consequently every article of living moderate . It is near England , the government is mild , and there is no restraint in importing English books , though their own press is any thing but free . The population of Brussels is rated at nearly 100 , 000 , of which above 20 , 000 are paupers , supported by the government and voluntary contributions . The population is rapidly increasing . The number of foreigners in the winter of 1828 was between seven and eight thousand , of which half the number were English . Many families settle for a season , and take their flight south , or return home in June ; but the greatest number are stationary for the education of their children . An English clergyman , formerly a teacher at Harrow , has an establishment for boys , well conducted , and the expense does not exceed fifty guineas a year . There are several seminaries for girls , also superintended by Englishwomen , with French teachers . Masters in every department are excellent , so that few places afford better schools for education . The air in the upper part of the city is salubrious , and the climate , perhaps , better on the whole than England ; but the winters are sharper , and the summers hotter ; fogs are less frequent , and the spring generally sets in a fortnight earlier than in any part of Great Britain . Our countrymen will be disappointed who settle in Brussels as a place of amusement , for no capital can be more dull ; and the natives are not ready of access , which is probably as much the fault of their visitors as themselves . As a station for economy , it can be highly recommended , provided no trust is put in servants , and every thing is paid for with ready money . The writer of this article resided in Brussels for a dozen years , and he knows this from experience . If an establishment , large or small , is well regulated , a saving of fifty per cent , may be made , certainly , in housekeeping , compared with London . House-rent is dearer in proportion with other articles of living , and the taxes are daily augmenting . The horse-tax is more than double that of England ; and the king of the Netherlands can boast that he is the only sovereign in Europe who has a tax on female labour . William Pitt attempted a similar measure , but was mobbed by the housemaids , and abandoned it .— New Monthly Magazine . The Gatherer . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . CURIOUS DISCOVERY OF A ROBBERY . Lysons in his “ Environs of London , ” says , “ In a room adjoining to the south-side of the saloon , in the manor-house , at Charlton , in Kent , is a chimney-piece , with a slab of black marble so finely polished , that Lord Downe is said to have seen in it a robbery committed on Blackheath ; the tradition adds , that he sent out his servants , who apprehended the thieves . ” Dr . Plot makes the story more marvellous , by laying the scene of the robbery at Shooter 's Hill ; he also says , “ Thus in a chimney-piece at Beauvoir Castle , might be seen the city and cathedral of Lincoln , and in another at Wilton , the city and cathedral of Sarum . ” P. T. W . “ VERY BAD . ” A tyro interrogating a classical wag on the labours and sufferings of Homer , was shown the Iliad , and told that it was composed under great deprivation . Pointing to the edition , he inquired , if that was all the Iliad ; to which he received as answer , that that was not all the ill he had , as Homer was obliged to sing it , to procure a little bread . EPIGRAM . Young Sloeleaves vaunting he could trace His line to Julius Caesar , Was gall 'd to hear a wag exclaim , “ The Celtae , if you please , Sir ! ” Q IN THE CORNER . Inscription over the Hive public-house , in Snargate Street , Dovor . Within this Hive We 're all alive , Good liquors make us funny , If you are dry , Step in and try The flavour of our honey . SOVEREIGNS AND GUINEAS , And the reigns in which they have been coined . First Sovereigns ... Henry VII ... 1485 Ditto , and half ... Henry VIII ... 1509 Ditto , ditto ... Edward VI ... 1546 Ditto , ditto ... Mary ... 1553 Ditto , ditto ... Philip & Mary ... 1554 Ditto , ditto ... Elizabeth ... 1558 Ditto , ditto ... James I ... 1603 Ditto , ditto ... Charles I ... 1625 Ditto , ditto ... Commonwealth ... 1648 Ditto , ditto ... Oliver Cromwell 1650 Guineas ... Charles II ... 1660 5l . piece , 2l . do . Guinea and half ditto ... James II ... 1684 Ditto , ditto ... Will . and Mary ... 1688 Ditto , ditto ... William ... 1694 Ditto , ditto , and a quarter guinea ... Anne ... 1702 Ditto , ditto ... George I ... 1725 Ditto , ditto , but no quar . guineas ... George II ... 1726 Guineas , half do . Quarter ditto , 2 guinea piece , 5 guinea ditto ... George III ... 1760 Dble . Sovereign Sovereign , half ditto ... George IV ... 1820 EPIGRAMS ON THE FEES DEMANDED FOR SEEING WESTMINSTER ABBEY . Dame Godly desired the Abbey to view , Admittance , one sixpence , demanded the clerk , Which modest request in astonishment wrapt her , How long will you such imposition pursue ? Faith ma'am , as to that we are left in the dark , But I think , for my part , to the end of the Chapter . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] The Dean and Chapter of Westminster are supposed to receive the money paid for seeing the Abbey . Down with your cash , the Verger cries , How mean'st thou this ? John Bull replies , What law protects th ’ extortion ? Stop , gentle friend — what 's law to us ? The law 's your own — so make no fuss , The profits are our portion . Poets and prophets ‘ mongst the ancient Romans Were deemed the same , and this our pockets rue , For on this creed is built our sacred showman 's , Who has his poets and his profits too . EPITAPH IN BRENTWOOD CHURCHYARD , ESSEX . Here lyes Isaac Greentree . A wag passing through the churchyard , wrote as follows :— There is a time when these green trees shall fall , And Isaac Greentree rise above them all . GALLOWAYS — WHY PARTICULAR HORSES SO CALLED . Galloway is a county in Scotland that lies the most to the south and the nearest to Ireland . This county gives name to a particular breed of horses of a middling size , which are strong , active , hardy , and serviceable . Tradition reports that this kind of horse sprung from some Spanish stallions , who swam on shore from some of the ships of the famous Spanish Armada wrecked on the coast . C. K. W . WARNING TO YOUNG LADIES . Intended as an “ accompaniment ” to a celebrated piece of Music , by Craven . Oh ! ladies fair , tho ’ smooth the air , I send you now , I pray take care — Lest “ THE LIGHT BARK ” be , after all , Foredoom 'd to perish in a squall ! PRINTER 'S DEVIL . ANNUALS FOR 1830 . With the next number of “ THE MIRROR , ” will be published the first SUPPLEMENTARY SHEET of the SPIRIT OF THE ANNUALS FOR 1830 , With a fine Engraving from one of the most splendid embellishments of these popular works . The SUPPLEMENT will contain “ the Amulet ” — “ Friendship 's Offering , ” and Notices of as many more volumes as can consistently be brought within the compass of one sheet . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6