THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 13 , No . 374 .] SATURDAY , JUNE 6 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . HOLLAND HOUSE , KENSINGTON Holland House , Kensington . Since the time of William III ., who was the first royal tenant of the palace , Kensington has been a place of considerable interest , as the residence and resort of many celebrated men . The palace , however , possesses little historical attraction ; but , among the mansions of the parish , Holland House merits especial notice . Holland House takes its name from Henry Rich , Earl of Holland , and was built by his father-in-law , Sir Walter Cope , in the year 1607 , of the architecture of which period it affords an excellent specimen . Its general form is that of an half H. The Earl of Holland greatly improved the house . The stone piers at the entrance of the court ( over which are the arms of Rich , quartering Bouldry and impaling Cope ) were designed by Inigo Jones . The internal decorations were by Francis Cleyne . One chamber , called the Gilt Room , which still remains in its original state , exhibits a very favourable specimen of the artist 's abilities ; the wainscot is in compartments , ornamented with cross crosslets and fleurs de-lis charges , in the arms of Rich and Cope , whose coats are introduced , entire , at the corner of the room , with a punning motto , alluding to the name of Rich , Ditior est qui se . Over the chimneys are some emblematical paintings , done ( as the Earl of Orford observes ) in a style and not unworthy of Parmegiane . The Earl of Holland was twice made a prisoner in his own house , first by King Charles , in 1633 , upon occasion of his challenging Lord Weston ; and a second time , by command of the parliament , after the unsuccessful issue of his attempt to restore the king , in August , 1648 . The Earl , who was a conspicuous character during the whole of Charles 's reign , and frequently in employments of considerable trust , appears to have been very wavering in his politics , and of an irritable disposition . In 1638 , we find him retired to his house at Kensington , in disgust , because he was not made Lord Admiral . At the eve of the civil war , he was employed against the Scots ; when the army was disbanded , having received some new cause of offence , he retired again to Kensington , where , according to Lord Clarendon , he was visited by all the disaffected members of parliament , who held frequent meetings at Holland House . Some time afterwards , when the civil war was at its height , he joined the king 's party at Oxford ; but , meeting with a cool reception , returned again to the parliament . In August 6 , 1647 , “ the members of the parliament who were driven from Westminster by tumults , met General Fairfax at Holland House , and subscribed to the declaration of the army , and a further declaration , approving of and joining with the army , in all their late proceedings , making null all acts passed by the members since July 6 . ” ( Clarendon .) — The Earl of Holland 's desertion of the royal cause , is to be attributed , perhaps , to his known enmity towards Lord Strafford ; he gave , nevertheless , the best proof of his attachment to monarchy , by making a bold , though rash attempt , to restore his master . After a valiant stand against an unequal force , near Kingston upon Thames , he was obliged to quit the field , but was soon after taken prisoner , and suffered death upon the scaffold . His corpse was sent to Kensington , and interred in the family vault there , March 10 , 1649 . In the July following , Lambert , then general of the army , fixed his headquarters at Holland House . It was soon afterwards restored to the Countess of Holland . When theatres were shut up by the Puritans , plays were acted privately at the houses of the nobility , who made collections for the actors . Holland House is particularly mentioned , as having been used occasionally for this purpose . The next remarkable circumstance in the history of Holland House , is the residence of Addison , who became possessed of it in 1716 , by his marriage with Charlotte , Countess Dowager of Warwick and Holland . It is said that he did not add much to his happiness by this alliance ; for one of his biographers , rather laconically observes , that “ Holland House is a large mansion , but it cannot contain Mr. Addison , the Countess of Warwick , and one guest , Peace . ” Mr. Addison was appointed Secretary of State , in 1717 , and died at Holland House , June 17 , 1719 . Addison had been tutor to the young earl , and anxiously , but in vain , endeavoured to check the licentiousness of his manners . As a last effort , he requested him to come into his room when he lay at the point of death , hoping that the solemnity of the scene might work upon his feelings . When his pupil came to receive his last commands , he told him that he had sent for him to see how a Christian could die ; to which Tickell thus alludes :— He taught us how to live ; and oh ! too high A price for knowledge , taught us how to die ! On the death of this young nobleman , in 1721 , unmarried , his estates devolved to the father of Lord Kensington , ( maternally descended from Robert Rich , Earl of Warwick .) who sold Holland House , about 1762 , to the Right Hon . Henry Fox , afterwards Lord Holland , the early years of whose patriotic son , the late C. J . Fox , were passed chiefly at this mansion ; and his nephew , the present Lord Holland , is now owner of the estate . The apartments of Holland House , are , generally , capacious and well proportioned . The library is about 105 feet in length , and the collection of books is worthy of the well known literary taste of the noble proprietor . Here also are several fine busts by Nollekens , and a valuable collection of pictures by Sir Godfrey Kneller , Sir Joshua Reynolds , & c. two fine landscapes by Salvator Rosa , and a collection of exquisite miniatures . The grounds include about 300 acres , of which about 63 acres are disposed into pleasure gardens , & c. Mr. Rogers , the amiable poet , is a constant visiter at Holland House ; and the noble host , with Maecenas-like taste , has placed over a rural seat , the following lines , from respect to the author of the “ Pleasures of Memory : ” — Here ROGERS sat — and here for ever dwell With me , those Pleasures which he sang so well . Holland House and its park-like grounds is , perhaps , the most picturesque domain in the vicinity of the metropolis , although it will soon be surrounded with brick and mortar proportions . FIELD OF FORTY STEPS . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) I should feel obliged if you could give some account of the story attached to the Brothers ’ Steps , a spot thus called , which formerly existed in one of the fields behind Montague House . The local tradition says , that two brothers fought there on account of a lady , who sat by and witnessed the combat , and that the conflict ended in the death of both ; but the names of the parties have never been mentioned . The steps existed behind the spot where Mortimer Market now stands , and not as Miss Porter says , in her novel of the Field of Forty Steps , at the end of Upper Montague Street . In her story , Miss Porter departs entirely from the local tradition . H. S . SIDNEY . ITALIAN IMPROVISATRI . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) Allow me permission , if consistent with the regulations of your interesting miscellany , to submit to you a literary problem . We are informed that there exists , at the present day , in Italy , a set of persons called “ improvisatri , ” who pretend to recite original poetry of a superior order , composed on the spur of the moment . An extraordinary account appeared a short time back in a well known Scotch magazine , of a female improvisatrice , which may have met your notice . Now I entertain considerable doubt of the truth of these pretensions ; not that I question the veracity of those who have visited Italy and make the assertion : they believe what they relate , but are , I conceive , grossly deceived . There is something , no doubt , truly inspiring in the air of Italy : For wheresoe'er they turn their ravish 'd eyes , Gay gilded scenes and shining prospects rise , Poetic fields encompass them around , And still they seem to tread on classic ground ; For there the muse so oft her harp has strung , That not a mountain rears its head unsung : Renown 'd inverse each shady thicket grows , And ev'ry stream in heav'nly numbers flows . Notwithstanding this beautiful description , my scepticism will not allow me to believe in these miraculous genii . Lord Byron mentions these improvisatri , in his “ Beppo , ” but not in a way that leads me to suppose , he considered them capable of original poetry . Mr. Addison , in his account of Italy , says , “ I cannot forbear mentioning a custom at Venice , which they tell me is peculiar to the common people of this country , of singing stanzas out of Tasso . They are set to a pretty solemn tune , and when one begins in any part of the poet , it is odds , but he will be answered by somebody else that overhears him ; so that sometimes you have ten or a dozen in the neighbourhood of one another , taking verse after verse , and running on with the poem as far as their memories will carry them . ” I am , therefore , inclined to think these “ improvisatri ” are mere reciters of the great Italian poets . It is probable that the persons who give us these extraordinary accounts of Italian genius , are unacquainted with the literature of that country , and of course cannot detect the imposition . In Goldsmith 's poem , entitled “ Retaliation , ” a line occurs , which is to me unintelligible , at least a part of it . That poet concludes his ironical eulogium on Edmund Burke , thus :— “ In short ‘ twas his fate , unemployed , or in place , sir , To eat mutton cold , and cut blocks with a razor . ” The cutting blocks with a razor , I think is obvious enough , but , what is meant by eating mutton cold ? I should be obliged by a solution . HEN . B . I 'LL COME TO YOUR BALL . ( For the Mirror .) I 'll come to your Ball — dearest Emma , ( I had nearly forgotten to say ) Provided no awkward dilemma Should happen to keep me away : For I burn with impatience to see you , All our hopes , all our joys to recall , And you 'll find I 've no wishes to flee you , When next I shall come to your Ball . Strange men , stranger things , and strange cities I have seen since I parted from you , But your beauty , your love , and your wit is A charm that has still held me true , And tho ’ mighty has been the temptation , Your image prevail 'd over all , And I still held the fond adoration For one I must meet at the Ball . I have knelt at the shrine of a Donna , And languish 'd for months in her train , But still I was whisper 'd by honour , And came to my senses again , When I thought of the vows I had plighted , And the stars that I once used to call As my witnesses — could I have slighted ? Her I long to behold at the Ball . You say that my nature is altered , “ I 've forgotten the how and the when , That my voice which was best when it faltered ” Is rough by my converse with men : Believe me that still you will find me Of lovers the truest of all , And the spell that has bound still shall bind me , And I 'll come , dearest girl , to your Ball . I have waded through battle fields gory , To my country and honour been true , And my name has been famous in story , But dear Emma , it all was for you . I 've longed when my troubles were over , Unhurt by the bay'net or ball . To forget I was ever “ a rover , ” And claim you my bride at your Ball . CLARENCE . THE SANJAC-SHERIF , OR STANDARD OF MAHOMET . ( For the Mirror .) This standard , which is an object of peculiar reverence among the Mussulman , was originally the curtain of the chamber door of Mahomet 's favourite wife . It is kept as the Palladium of the empire , and no infidel can look upon it with impunity . It is carried out of Constantinople to battle in cases of emergency , in great solemnity , before the Sultan , and its return is hailed by all the people of the capital going out to meet it . The Caaba , or black stone of Mecca is also much revered by the Turks ; it is placed in the Temple , and is expected to be endowed with speech at the day of judgment , for the purpose of declaring the names of those pious Mussulmen who have really performed the pilgrimage to Mecca , and poured forth their devotions at the shrine of the prophet . INA . EATING . Abridged from Mr. Richards 's Treatise on Nervous Disorders . The object of eating ought not to be , exclusively , the satisfying of the appetite . It is true that the sensation of hunger admonishes us , and indeed , incites us to supply the wants of the body ; and that the abatement of this sensation betokens that such want has been supplied ; so far the satisfying of the appetite is a matter of consideration ; but a prudent person will observe the mode in which the appetite is best satisfied , and the frame , at the same time , most abundantly nourished , for this ought to be the chief object of feeding . There is much truth in the homely adage , that “ what is one man 's meat is another man 's poison , ” and a person who has been muscled [ 1 ] will , if he wishes to enjoy his health , rigidly eschew that piscatory poison . So , also , will an individual with a bilious habit avoid fat pork ; and those whose stomachs are flatulent will not inordinately indulge in vegetables . Captain Barclay , whose knowledge in such matters was as extensive as that of most persons , informs us that our health , vigour , and activity must depend upon our diet and exercise . [ 1 ] We frequently hear of people being muscled ; and it is generally supposed that the mischief is produced by some specifically poisonous quality in the fish . I have seen many cases , but I could discover nothing to confirm this popular opinion . In some instances , only one of a family has been affected , while all partook of the same muscles . I have known exactly the same symptoms produced by pork , lobsters , and other shell-fish , and can attribute them to nothing more than an aggravated state of indigestion . A leading rule in diet , is never to overload the stomach ; indeed , restriction as to quantity is far more important than any rule as to quality . It is bad , at all times , to distend the stomach too much ; for it is a rule in the animal economy , that if any of the muscular cavities , as the stomach , heart , bowels , or bladder , be too much distended , their tone is weakened , and their powers considerably impaired . The consideration of diet might be rendered very simple , if people would but make it so ; but from the volumes which have been recently written on diet and digestion , we might gather the alarming information that nearly every thing we eat is pernicious . Far be it from me to adopt such a discouraging theory . My object is rather to point out what is good , than to stigmatize what is bad — to afford the patient , if I can , the means of comfort and enjoyment , and not to tell him of his sufferings , or of the means of increasing them . To “ eat a little and often , ” is a rule frequently followed , because it is in accordance with our feelings ; but it is a very bad rule , and fraught with infinite mischief . Before the food is half digested , the irritable nerves of the upper part of the stomach will produce a sensation of “ craving ; ” but , it is sufficiently evident that , to satisfy this “ craving , ” by taking food , is only to obtain a temporary relief , and not always even that , at the expense of subsequent suffering . There can be no wisdom in putting more food into the stomach than it can possibly digest ; and , as all regularity is most conducive to health , it is better that the food should be taken at stated periods . I do not by any means interdict the use of meat ; on the contrary , fresh meat , especially beef and mutton , affords great nutriment in a small compass . “ Remember , ” says Dr. Kitchiner , “ that an ounce of beef contains the essence of many pounds of hay , turnips , and other vegetables ; ” and , we should bear in mind , also , that no meat arrives at perfection that is not full-grown . Beef and mutton are consequently better than veal or lamb , or “ nice young pork . ” To these such vegetables may be added , as are easy of digestion , and such as usually “ agree ” with the individual . If , however , the stomach and bowels be very irritable , and their powers much impaired — if the tongue be dry , and its edges more than commonly red , vegetable diet ought to be considerably restricted . Peas , beans , the different kinds of greens , and all raw fruits , should be avoided , and potatoes , properly boiled , with turnips and carrots , ought to constitute the only varieties . I have seen the skins of peas , the stringy fibres of greens , and the seeds of raspberries and strawberries , pass through the bowels no further changed , than by their exposure to maceration ; and it is not necessary to point out the irritation which their progress must have produced , as they passed over the excited and irritable surface of the alimentary canal . THE SKETCH-BOOK COWES REGATTA . A SCENE IN THE ISLE OF WIGHT . ( For the Mirror .) The crowded yachts were anchor 'd in the roads , To view the contest for a kingly prize ; Voluptuous beauty smil 'd on Britain 's lords , And fashion dazzled with her thousand dyes ; And far away the rival barks were seen , ( The ample wind expanding every sail ) To climb the billows of the watery green , As stream 'd their pennons on the favouring gale : The victor vessel gain 'd the sovereign boon ; The gothic palace and the gay saloon , Begemm 'd with eyes that pierc 'd the hiding veil , Echoed to music and its merry glee And cannon roll 'd its thunder o'er the sea , To greet that vessel for her gallant sail . Sonnets on Isle of Wight Scenery . To those readers of the MIRROR who have not witnessed an Isle of Wight Regatta , a description of that f ê te may not be uninteresting . From the days assigned to the nautical contest , we will select that on which his Majesty 's Cup was sailed for , on Monday , the 13th of August , 1827 , as the most copious illustration of the scene ; beginning with Newport , the fons et origo of the “ doings ” of that remembered day . Dramatically speaking , the scene High-street , the time “ we may suppose near ten o'clock , ” A. M .; all silent as the woods which skirt the river Medina , so that to hazard a gloomy analogy , you might presume that some plague had swept away the population from the sunny streets ; the deathlike calm being only broken by the sounds of sundry sashes , lifted by the dust-exterminating housemaid ; or the clattering of the boots and spurs of some lonely ensign issuing from the portals of the Literary Institution , condemned to lounge away his hours in High-street . The solitary adjuncts of the deserted promenade may be comprised in the loitering waiter at the Bugle , amusing himself with his watch-chain , and anxiously listening for the roll of some welcome carriage — the sullen urchin , reluctantly wending his way to school , whilst “ His eyes Are with his heart , and that is far away ; ” amidst the assemblage of yachts and boats , and dukes and lords , and oranges and gingerbread , at Cowes Regatta . But where is all Newport ? Why , on the road to Cowes , to be sure ; for who dreams of staying at home on the day of sailing for the King 's Cup ? If the “ courteous reader ” will accompany us , we will descant on the scenery presented on the road , as well as the numerous vehicles and thronging pedestrians will permit us . Leaving the town-like extent of the Albany Barracks , the prospect on the left is the Medina , graced with gently gliding boats and barges , and skirted by fine woods . Opposite is the wood-embosomed village of Whippingham , from which peers the “ time-worn tower ” of the little church . Passing another romantic hamlet ( Northwood ) the river approaching its mighty mother , the sea , widens into laky breadth ; and here the prospect is almost incomparable . On a lofty and woody hill stands the fine modern castellated residence of John Nash , Esq . an erection worthy of the baronial era , lifting its ponderous turrets in the gleaming sunshine ; and on another elevation contiguous to the sea , is the castle of the eccentric Lord Henry Seymour , a venerable pile of antique beauty . Here the spectator , however critical in landscape scenery , cannot fail to be gratified ; the blended and harmonizing shades of wood , rock , and water ; the diversities of architecture , displayed in castle , cottage , and villa ; the far-off heights of St. George 's and St. Catherine 's overtopping the valley ; the fine harbour of Cowes , filled with the sails of divers countries , and studded with anchored yachts , decked in their distinguishing flags ; and around , the illimitable waters of the ocean encircling the island , form an interesting coup d'oeil of scenery which might almost rival the imaginary magnificence of Arcadia . Approaching Cowes by the rural by-road adjoining Northwood Park , the residence of George Ward , Esq . the ocean scenery is sublimely beautiful . In the distance is seen the opposite shores , with Calshot Castle , backed by the New Forest , and one side of it , divided by Southampton Water , and the woods of Netley Abbey . Here we descried the contending yachts , ploughing their way in the direction of the Needles ; but as our acquaintance with the sailing regulations of the Royal Yacht Club will not admit of our awarding the precedence to one or the other , we will descend from the elevation of Northwood , amidst the din of music from the Club House , and the hum of promenaders on the beach , and ensconce ourselves in the snug parlour of “ mine host ” Paddy White , whom we used to denominate the Falstaff of the island . Though from the land of shillelaghs and whiskey , Paddy is entirely devoid of that gunpowder temperament which characterizes his country ; and his genuine humour , ample obesity , and originality of delivery , entitle him to honourable identification with “ Sir John . ” Now , by the soul of Momus ! who ever beheld a woe-begone face at Paddy White 's ? Even our own , remarkable for “ loathed melancholy , ” has changed its moody contour into the lineaments of mirth , while listening to him . View him holding forth to his auditors between the intervening whiffs of his soothing pipe , and you see written in wreaths of humour on his jolly countenance , the spirit of Falstaff 's interrogatory , “ What , shall I not take mine ease at mine inn ? ” The most serious moods he evinces are , when after detailing the local chronology of Cowes , and relating the obituary of “ the bar , ” consisting of the deaths of dram-drinking landladies , and dropsical landlords , he pathetically relaxes the rotundity of his cheeks , and exclaims , “ Poor Tom ! he was a good un . ” But we must to the beach , and glance at the motley concourse assembled to behold the nautical contest . Was there ever a happier scene than Cowes presented on that day ? But to begin with the splendid patrons of the festival , we must turn our eyes to the elegant Club House , built at the expense of George Ward , Esq . Before it are arranged the numerous and efficient band of the Irish Fusileers , and behind them , standing in graceful groups , are many of the illustrious members of the club . That elderly personage , arrayed in ship habiliments , is the noble Commodore , Lord Yarborough ; he is in conversation with the blithe and mustachioed Earl of Belfast . To the right of them is the Marquess of Anglesey , in marine metamorphose ; his face bespeaking the polished noble , whilst his dress betokens the gallant sea captain . There is the fine portly figure of Lord Grantham , bowing to George Ward , Esq . ; who , in quakerlike coat and homely gaiters , with an umbrella beneath his arm , presents a fine picture of a speculator “ on ‘ Change . ” To the left is Richard Stephens , Esq ., Secretary to the Royal Yacht Club , and Master of the Ceremonies . He is engaged in the enviable task of introducing a party of ladies to view the richly-adorned cups ; and the smile of gallantry which plays upon his countenance belies the versatility of his talent , which can blow a storm on the officers of a Custom House cutter more to be dreaded than the blusterings of old Boreas . That beautiful Gothic villa adjoining the Club House , late the residence of the Marquess of Anglesey , is occupied by the ladies of some of the noble members of the club , forming as elegant and fashionable a circle as any ball-room in the metropolis would be proud to boast of . But it is time to speak of the crowd on the beach — lords and ladies — peers and plebeians — civilians and soldiers — swells and sailors — respectable tradesmen and men of no trade — coaches and carriages , and “ last , not least , ” the Bards of the Regatta — “ Eternal blessings be upon their heads ! The poets — ” singing the deeds of the contested day in strains neither Doric nor Sapphic , but in such rhythm and measure as Aristotle has overlooked in the compilation of his Poetic Rules ; and to such music as might raise the shade of Handel from its “ cerements . ” Surely the Earl of Belfast must feel himself highly flattered by the vocal compliment — “ And as for the Earl of Belfast , he 's a nobleman outright , They all say this , both high and low , all through the Iley Wight . ” Reverting to the aquatic scenery , the most prominent object amidst the “ myriad convoy , ” is the Commodore 's fine ship , the Falcon , 351 tons , lying out a mile and a half to sea . Contrasting her proportions with the numerous yachts around her , we might compare her commanding appearance to that of some mountain giant , seated on a precipice , and watching the trial for mastery amongst a crowd of pigmies below . Her state cabin has been decorated in a style of magnificence for a ball in the evening , at which 200 of the nobility and gentry are expected to be present . But all eyes are anxiously turned to the race . “ Huzza for the Arrow , ” is the acclamation from the crowd ; and certain enough the swift Arrow , of 85 tons , Joseph Weld , Esq ., has left her opponents , even the favourite Miranda spreads all sail in vain — the Arrow flies too swiftly , outstripping the Therese , 112 tons ; the Menai , 163 tons ; the Swallow , 124 tons ; the Scorpion , 110 tons ; the Pearl , 113 tons ; the Dolphin , 58 tons ; and the Harriet , 112 tons . Now she nears the starting vessel , gliding swiftly round it — the cannons on the battlements of Cowes Castle proclaim the victory — the music breaks forth “ with its voluptuous swell , ” amidst the applause of the multitude ,— and his Majesty 's Cup is awarded to the Arrow . The assemblage dispersing , we will adjourn to Paddy White 's , and refresh ourselves with a cup of his Bohea , rendered more agreeable by the company 's critiques on the sailing match . At this moment Cowes contains half the world ; and every villa , and assembly-room , and tavern , and pot-house , from the superb club-house , with its metamorphosed lords , to the Sun tap , with its boisterous barge-men , are as happy as mortals can be . Just before oar departure for Newport , we will to the harbour , and take a farewell peep of the “ finish ” of Cowes ’ Regatta . Though unwelcome night has prematurely interrupted the enjoyments of the multitude , it engenders a social pleasure to behold the numerous lights , forming almost a concentrated blaze — to hear the expiring cadence of the jovial song , excited by the second bottle — and to join in the bustle of the beach , where the company of the Falcon are embarking . But good bye to Cowes — we are already on the road to Newport ; and the lateness of the hour may be conceived by the inmates of the rural inn , the Flower Pot , drawing the white curtains of each bed-room window . Reader , a word at parting . Art thou tired of the commercial monotony of the city , and wearied with its eternal aspect of brick ? Has the efflorescence of thy youth been “ sicklied o'er ” by the wasting turmoil of the town ?— leave its precincts for one month of the fervid summer , and forget thy cares and toils in the embowered Isle of Wight . Let thy taste be ever so fastidious , there it may be gratified . If thou art in love with sentimental ease and elegance , take up thy residence amongst the library-visiting fashionables at Ryde — if thou hast a taste for the terrific and sublime , thou canst meditate amidst the solemn and sea-worn cliffs of Chale , and regale thine ears with the watery thunders of the Black Gang Chine — if any veneration for antiquity lights up thy feelings , enjoy thy dream beneath the Saxon battlements of Carisbrooke , and poetize amidst the “ sinking relics ” of Quam Abbey — if geology is thy passion , visit the “ wild and wondrous ” rocks of Freshwater , where thou canst feast thine eyes with relics of the antediluvian world , and enrich thy collection with shells of every hue — if thou longest to dissolve thy heart in pastoral tears , à la Keates , adjourn to Arreton , the sweetly secluded scene of the “ Dairyman 's Daughter ; ” where thou mayest “ with flowers commune ; ” or if thou hast the prevailing characteristics of a cheerful citizen , take up thy abode amongst the life-cherishing bon-vivants of Newport — but , above all , forego not the pleasures of a Cowes Regatta ! * * H . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . ELEPHANT HUNT . A medical officer , in a recent letter from Hambantotti says , I have just returned from beholding a sight , which , even in this country , is of rare occurrence , viz . an elephant hunt , conducted under the orders of government . A minute description ( though well worth perusal ) would be far too long for a letter ; I shall therefore only give you what is usually called a faint idea . Imagine 2 , 000 or 3 , 000 men surrounding a tract of country six or eight miles in circumference , each one armed with different combustibles and moving fires ; in the midst suppose 300 elephants , being driven towards the centre by the gradual and regular approach of these fires , till at last they are confined within a circle of about two miles ; they are then driven by the same means into a space made by the erection of immense logs of ebony and other strong wood , bound together by cane , and of the shape ( in miniature ) of the longitudinal section of a funnel , towards which they rush with the greatest fury , amidst the most horrid yells on the approach of fire , of which they stand in the greatest dread . When enclosed they become outrageous , and charge on all sides with great fury , but without any effect on the strong barricado ; they at last gain the narrow path of the enclosure , the extreme end of which is just large enough to admit one elephant , which is immediately prevented breaking out by strong bars laid across . To express their passion , their desperation , when thus confined , is impossible ; and still more so , to imagine the facility and admirable contrivance by which they are removed and tamed . Thus it is :— A tame elephant is placed on each side , to whom the wild one is fastened by ropes ; he is then allowed to pass out , and immediately on his making the least resistance , the tame ones give him a most tremendous squeeze between their sides , and beat him with their trunks until he submits ; they then lead him to a place ready prepared , to which he is strongly fastened , and return to perform the same civility to the next one . In this way seventy wild elephants were captured for the purpose of government labour . The tame elephants daily take each wild one singly to water and to feed , until they become quite tame and docile . The remaining elephants were shot by the people . I took possession of a young one , and have got him now tied up near my door ; he is quite reconciled , and eats with the greatest confidence out of my hand ; he is , however , too expensive to keep long , and I fear I must eventually shoot him . Some idea of the expense may be supposed , when I tell you that in one article alone , milk , his allowance is two gallons per day . I was at this scene with thirty other officers and their ladies , and we remained in temporary huts for nearly ten days .— Asiatic Journal . BRAZILIAN SLAVE TRADE . From the Memoirs of General Miller , Second Edition . In Brazil the slave trade is seen in some of its most revolting aspects ; for there the general treatment of negro slaves is barbarous in the extreme . About thirty thousand are annually imported into Rio Janeiro alone , and perhaps an equal number in the other ports of the empire . One of the many abhorrent circumstances attending this nefarious traffic is , that , upon a vessel 's arriving near the port , such slaves , as appear to be in an irrecoverable state of disease , are frequently thrown into the sea ! This is done merely to evade the payment of the custom-house duty , which is levied upon every slave brought into port . Instances have occurred of their being picked up alive by coasting vessels ! Fourteen or fifteen slave ships , with full cargoes , arrived at Rio Janeiro during the six weeks that Miller remained there . One morning that he happened to breakfast on board a Brazilian frigate , the commander , Captain Sheppard , kindly lent him a boat to visit a slaver of 320 tons , which had come into port the preceding night . The master , supposing him to be in the imperial service , was extremely attentive , and very readily answered every inquiry . He said the homeward-bound passage had been tolerably fortunate , only seventy-two deaths having occurred in the cargo ; and that , although thirty of the sick were then in an unsaleable plight , the owners might calculate upon sending into the market four hundred sound and well-grown Africans ; a number that would yield a handsome profit . After some further conversation , Miller requested permission to see the ‘ tween decks , upon which the muster accompanied him below , and pointed out the manner of securing his cargo , which was by shackling each negro by one leg to an iron bar running a midships from stem to stern , so as to form a double row , lying feet to feet . The air was so oppressively nauseating , that Miller could not remain below for more than two minutes . There was hardly a slave in the whole number who was free from festering sores , produced by constant friction from lying on the hard and unwashed decks . Some of them were bruised so dreadfully , that it was wonderful that they continued to exist . Their emaciated appearance might have led to the supposition that they had been nearly starved during the passage , did not the varied miseries to which they were subjected , sufficiently account for their fleshless forms . A great number of them were now upon deck , and clad in long woollen shirts , in order to be sent to the warehouses on shore . Miller , heartily sick of this disgusting scene , took leave of the master ; but , unable to control the indignation he felt , he inveighed with great bitterness against all wretches concerned in so iniquitous a traffic , letting him know at the same time that he was not in the service of the emperor . The master , though at first taken aback by the violence of the general 's invectives , soon recovered himself , and retorted in the most insolent terms of defiance , abusing the English for meddling in what he styled the legitimate commerce of Brazil . The state of the vessel was such as cannot be described , and the fetid effluvia , arising from it , offended the senses on approaching her within fifty yards . Although Miller took a warm bath immediately upon getting on shore , the stench of the slave ship haunted his nostrils for many days . There is a long narrow street in Rio Janeiro exclusively appropriated to the negro stores . It is , in fact , the slave-bazaar . The fronts of the shops are open , and the objects for sale are seated on benches , where , strange to say , they often pass their time in singing . People wishing to become purchasers lounge up and down until they see a subject likely to suit their purpose . Miller one day put on a broad-brimmed straw hat , and walked into several of the stores , as if with a view of making a purchase . The slave venders came forward with eagerness to show off their stock , making their bipeds move about in every way best calculated to display their good points , and in much the same manner that a jockey does in showing off a horse . Those who appeared to be drowsy were made to bite a piece of ginger , or take a pinch of snuff . If these excitements did not prove sufficient to give them an air of briskness , they were wakened up by a pull of the ear , or a slap on the face , which made them look about them . Miller was so inquisitive , and his observations were so unlike those of a bona fide purchaser , that the dealers soon began to suspect he did not intend to be a customer . One of them being in consequence rather pert in his replies , Miller once more allowed his indignation to get the better of his judgment , and he abused the fellow in terms more violent , if possible , than those he had addressed to the master of the slave ship . He had some difficulty to avoid getting into a very serious squabble , as many of the other dealers came out and joined in the yell now raised against him . As he passed along the street , it was like running the gauntlet ; for he was saluted by vituperations on all sides , and it was perhaps only by preserving a menacing attitude in his retreat that he prevented something more than a mere war of words . They dwelt with marked emphasis on the officious English , who , instead of attending to their own affairs , would not , they said , allow other people to gain an honest livelihood . OLD CHARING CROSS . OLD CHARING CROSS . This is one of the celebrated memorials of the affection of Edward I. for his beloved Elinor , being the cross erected on the last spot on which the body rested in the way to Westminster Abbey , the place of sepulture . This and all the other crosses were built after the designs of Cavilini ; and all of them were destroyed by the zeal of the Reformers . Our illustration is from an engraving copied from a print found in a mutilated genealogy published in 1602 , relative to the Stuart family , in which were portraits of James I. and family , and a print of Old St. Paul 's . Pennant , speaking of Old Charing Cross , says “ from a drawing communicated to me by Dr. Combe , it was octagonal , and in the upper stage had eight figures ; but the Gothic parts were not rich . ” The above print differs from this drawing , yet it was evidently intended to represent the same subject , “ Charing Cross ” being engraved at the bottom . The site of the cross is now occupied by the Equestrian Statue of Charles I. in which the figure and symmetry of the horse are beautifully displayed . Indeed , it is said to be the most finished piece of workmanship of the kind ever produced : that of Marcus Aurelius , or the two horses on the Monte Cavallo , or Quirino at Rome not excepted . NOTES OF A READER . ODD MISTAKE . Judge Hall says , “ I once travelled through Illinois when the waters were high ; and when I was told that Little Mary would stop me , and that to get by Big Mary was impossible , I supposed them to be attractive damsels , who , like beauteous Circe of old , amused themselves with playing tricks upon travellers . But , lo ! instead of blushing , blooming , and melodious maids , I found torrents cold as ice , and boisterous as furies . Mary is too sweet a name to be thus profaned . ” FIGHT IN A CHURCH . Among the ecclesiastical anecdotes of the age of the Commonwealth , is a tradition still current at Bishop 's Middleham , concerning their intrusive vicar , John Brabant . He was a soldier in Cromwell 's army ; but preferring the drum ecclesiastic to the drum military , he came with a file of troops to Middleham , to eject the old vicar . The parishioners made a good fight on the occasion , and succeeded in winning the pulpit , which was the key of the position , for their proper minister ; but Brabant made a soldierly retreat into the chancel , mounted the altar , and there preached , standing , with a brace of horse-pistols at his side . Right , however , had little chance when Might ruled ; and the old vicar , who had held the living forty years , was ejected . SPANISH AND ITALIAN REFUGEES . A pretty little “ Garland of Miscellaneous Poems ” has just been published by one of our occasional correspondents , [ 1 ] for the Benefit of the Spanish and Italian Refugees . These poems are gracefully written , independent of the interest they ought to awaken from the profits of the sale being appropriated to a benevolent purpose . We subjoin an extract — [ 1 ] Mr. W. H . Brandreth , author of “ Field Flowers , ” & c . THE FIELD OF BANNOCKBURN . A fearful form from Stirling 's tower Was dimly seen to bend ; He look 'd as though , ‘ mid fate 's far hour , Some mighty woe he kenn 'd . White was his hair , and thin with age , One hand was raised on high , The other ope 'd the mystic page Of human destiny . And oft , ere shone the moon 's pale ray , His eyes were seen to turn Where , in the gloomy distance , lay The plain of Bannockburn . And fair uprose the queen of night , Shining o'er mount and main ; Ben Lomond own 'd her silvery light , Forth sparkled bright again . Fair , too , o'er loyal Scoone she shone , For there the Bruce had kneel 'd , And , half forgetful , look 'd she down On Falkirk 's fatal field . For ere to-morrow 's sun shall set , Stern Edward 's self shall learn A lesson pride may ne'er forget , Where murmurs Bannockburn . A voice is heard from Stirling 's tower , ‘ Tis of that aged seer , The lover leaves his lady 's bower , Yet chides her timid tear . The infant wakes ‘ mid wild alarms , Prayers are in vain outpour 'd ; The bridegroom quits his bride 's fond charms , And half unsheaths his sword . Yet who may fate 's dark power withstand , Or who its mandate spurn ? And still the seer uplifts his hand And points to Bannockburn . “ There waves a standard o'er the brae , There gleams a highland sword ; Is not yon form the Stewart , say ,— Yon , Scotland 's Martial Lord ? Douglas , with Arran 's stranger chief , And Moray 's earl , are there ; Whilst drops of blood , for tears of grief , The coming strife declare . Oh ! red th ’ autumnal heath-bells blow Within thy vale , Strathearne ; But redder far , ere long , shall glow The flowers of Bannockburn ! “ Alas ! for Edward 's warrior pride , For England 's warrior fame ; Alas ! that e'er from Thames ’ fair side Her gallant lances came ! Lo ! where De Bohun smiles in scorn ,— The Bruce , the Bruce is near ! Rash earl , no more thy hunter horn Shall Malvern 's blue hills hear ! Back , Argentine , and thou , De Clare , To Severn 's banks return Health smiles in rural beauty there ,— Death lours o'er Bannockburn ! “ Up , up , De Valence , dream no more Of Mothven 's victor fight — Thy bark is on a stormier shore , No star is thine to-night . And thou , De Burgh , from Erin 's isle , Whom Eth O'Connor leads , Love 's tear shall soon usurp his smile In Ulster 's emerald meads . But oh ! what tears will Cambria shed When she the tale shall learn — For Forth 's full tide shall flow blood red , Ere long , from Bannockburn ! “ But not alone shall Southron vale Lament that day of woe — Grief 's sigh shall soothe each ruder gale Where Scotia 's waters flow . From Corra Linn , where roars the Clyde , To Dornoch 's ocean bay — From Tweed , that rolls a neutral tide , To lonely Colinsay :— But see , the stars wax faint and few , Death 's frown is dark and stern — But darker soon shall rise to view Yon field of Bannockburn ! ” RIVER MELODIES . Between Pittsburgh and Shawneetown , whilst “ gliding merrily down the Ohio ” in a keel-boat , “ navigated by eight or ten of those half-horse and half-alligator gentry commonly called Ohio boatmen , ” Judge Hall was lulled to sweet sleep , as the rowers were “ tugging at the oar , ” timing their strokes to the cadence :— “ Some rows up , but we rows down , All the way to Shawnee town : Pull away — pull away . ” REAL DISCONTENT . The following anecdote is related of Robert de Insula , or Halieland , a man of low birth , and one of the bishops of Durham :— Having given his mother an establishment suitable to his own rank , and asking her once , when he went to see her , how she fared , she answered , “ Never worse ! ” — “ What troubles thee ? ” said the bishop ; “ hast thou not men and women enough to attend thee ? ” — “ Yea , ” quoth the old woman , “ and more than enough ! I say to one — go , and he runs ; to another — come hither , fellow ! and the varlet falls down on his knees ;— and , in short , all things go on so abominably smooth , that my heart is bursting for something to spite me , and pick a quarrel withal ! ” The ducking-stool may have been a very needful piece of public furniture in those days , when it was deemed one characteristic of a notable housewife to be a good scold , and when women of a certain description sought , in the use of vituperation , that sort of excitement which they now obtain from a bottle and a glass . The magnificent bishop of Durham , Antony Beke , once gave forty shillings for as many fresh herrings ; and hearing someone say , “ This cloth is so dear that even bishop Antony would not venture to pay for it , ” immediately ordered it to be brought and cut up into horse-cloths . SOLIMAN “ THE GREAT . ” Here is a specimen of the magnificence with which this historical butcher treated his fellow-creatures :— Among the many distinctions of Soliman 's reign must be noticed the increased diplomatic intercourse with European nations . Three years after the capture of Rhodes , appeared the first French ambassador at the Ottoman Porte ; he received a robe of honour , a present of two hundred ducats , and , what was more to his purpose , a promise of a campaign in Hungary , which should engage on that side the arms of Charles and his brother , Ferdinand . Soliman kept his promise . At the head of 100 , 000 men and 300 pieces of artillery , he commenced this memorable campaign . On the fatal field of Mohacs the fate of Hungary was decided in an unequal fight . King Lewis , as he fled from the Turkish sabres , was drowned in a morass . The next day the sultan received in state the compliments of his officers . The heads of 2 , 000 of the slain , including those of seven bishops and many of the nobility , were piled up as a trophy before his tent . Seven days after the battle , a tumultuous cry arose in the camp to massacre the prisoners and peasants — and in consequence 4 , 000 men were put to the sword . The keys of Buda were sent to the conqueror , who celebrated the Feast of Bairam in the castle of the Hungarian kings . Fourteen days afterwards he began to retire — bloodshed and devastation marking the course of his army . To Moroth , belonging to the Bishop of Gran , many thousands of the people had retired with their property , relying on the strength of the castle ; the Turkish artillery , however , soon levelled it , and the wretched fugitives were indiscriminately butchered . No less than 25 , 000 fell here ; and the whole number of the Hungarians destroyed in the barbarous warfare of this single campaign amounted to at least 200 , 000 souls .— Foreign Quarterly Review . LONG SNOW . In 1614 , there was one of the heaviest and longest snows which has ever been remembered in the north of England . The Parochial Register , of Wotton Gilbert , states that it began on the 5th of January , and continued to snow more or less every day , ( the heaviest fall being on the 22nd of February ,) till the 12th of March ,— to the great loss of cattle , and of human life as well . A GOOD BISHOP . The great and good bishop Morton was preferred to the rectory of Long Marston , near York , four years before what is called the great plague began in that city , 1602 . During this visitation , “ he carried himself with so much heroical charity , ” says his biographer , “ as will make the reader wonder to hear it . ” For the poorer sort being removed to the pest-house , he made it his frequent exercise to visit them with food , both for their bodies and souls . His chief errand was to instruct and comfort them , and pray for them and with them ; and , to make his coming the more acceptable , he carried usually a sack of provision with him for those that wanted it . And because he would have no man to run any hazard thereby but himself , he seldom suffered any of his servants to come near him , but saddled and unsaddled his own horse , and had a private door made on purpose into his house and chamber . It was probably during this plague that the village of Simonside ( in the chapelry of South Shields ) was , according to tradition , so entirely depopulated , that the nearest townships divided the deserted lands . There is another tradition worthy of notice , that when the plague raged with great violence at Shields , the persons who were employed about the salt works entirely escaped the infection . When the London mob was excited , by the movers of rebellion , against the bishop , this excellent prelate , on his way to the House of Lords , was almost torn to pieces . “ Pull him out of his coach ! ” cried some ; others , “ nay he is a good man ; ” others , “ but for all that he is a bishop ! ” — “ I have often , ” says his biographer , heard him say , he believed he should not have escaped alive if a leading man among that rabble had not cried out , “ Let him go and hang himself , ” which he was wont to compare to the words of the angel uttered by Balaam 's ass . At that time he was seventy-six years of age , and , on that account , when the protesting prelates were , for this act of duty , committed to the Tower , he was remitted to the custody of the usher ; and then , so little had he regarded the mammon of unrighteousness , that he had scarcely wherewith to defray the fees and charges of his confinement . AMERICAN COMFORTS . Pittsburgh is full of coal and smoke ; in New Orleans the people play cards on Sunday ; living is dear at Washington city , and codfish cheap at Boston ; and Irishmen are plenty in Pennsylvania , and pretty girls in Rhode Island . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . We need not illustrate the force , or point the moral of the following sketch from the last number of Blackwood 's Magazine . The parents of the writer were of “ a serious cast , ” and attached to evangelical tenets , which he soon imbibed , together with an occasional tendency to gloom and nervous irritability . About the year 1790 , at the Assizes for the county of which the town of C —— r is the county town , was tried and convicted a wretch guilty of one of the most horrible murders upon record . He was a young man , probably ( for he knew not his own years ) of about twenty-two years of age . One of those wandering and unsettled creatures , who seem to be driven from place to place , they know not why . Without home ; without name ; without companion ; without sympathy ; without sense . Hearthless , friendless , idealess , almost soulless ! and so ignorant , as not even to seem to know whether he had ever heard of a Redeemer , or seen his written word . It was on a stormy Christmas eve , when he begged shelter in the hut of an old man , whose office it was to regulate the transit of conveyances upon the road of a great mining establishment in the neighbourhood . The old man had received him , and shared with him his humble cheer and his humble bed ; for on that night the wind blew and the sleet drove , after a manner that would have made it a crime to have turned a stranger dog to the door . The next day the poor old creature was found dead in his hut — his brains beaten out with an old iron implement which he used — and his little furniture rifled , and in confusion . The wretch had murdered him for the supposed hoard of a few shillings . The snow , from which he afforded his murderer shelter , had drifted in at the door , which the miscreant , when he fled , had left open , and was frozen red with the blood of his victim . But it betrayed a footstep hard frozen in the snow , and blood — and the nails of the murderer 's shoe were counted , even as his days were soon to be . He was taken a few days after with a handkerchief of the old man upon his neck . So blind is blood-guiltiness . Up to the hour of condemnation , he remained reckless as the wind — unrepenting as the flint — venomous as the blind-worm . With that deep and horrible cunning which is so often united to unprincipled ignorance , he had almost involved in his fate another vagrant with whom he had chanced to consort , and to whom he had disposed of some of the blood-bought spoils . The circumstantial evidence was so involved and interwoven , that the jury , after long and obvious hesitation as to the latter , found both guilty ; and the terrible sentence of death , within forty-eight hours , was passed upon both . The culprit bore it without much outward emotion ; but when taken from the dock , his companion , infuriated by despair and grief , found means to level a violent blow at the head of his miserable and selfish betrayer , which long deprived the wretch of sense and motion , and , for some time , was thought to have anticipated the executioner . Would it had done so ! But let me do my duty as I ought — let me repress the horror which one scene of this dreadful drama never fails to throw over my spirit — that I may tell my story as a man — and my confession at least be clear . When the felon awoke out of the deathlike trance into which this assault had thrown him , his hardihood was gone ; and he was reconveyed to the cell , in which he was destined agonizingly to struggle out his last hideous and distorted hours , in a state of abject horror which cannot be described . He who felt nothing — knew nothing — had now his eyes opened with terrible clearness to one object — the livid phantasma of a strangling death . All the rest was convulsive despair and darkness . Thought shudders at it — but let me go on , He visits the murderer in prison , accompanied by the clergyman . I undertook to pass with the murderer — his LAST NIGHT — such a last !— but let me compose myself . It was about the hour of ten , on a gusty and somewhat raw evening of September , that I was locked up alone with the murderer . It was the evening of the Sabbath . Some rain had fallen , and the sun had not been long set without doors ; but for the last hour and a half the dungeon had been dark , and illuminated only by a single taper . The clergyman of the prison , and some of my religious friends , had sat with us until the hour of locking-up , when , at the suggestion of the gaoler , they departed . I must confess their “ good night , ” and the sound of the heavy door , which the gaoler locked after him , when he went to accompany them to the outer-gate of the gaol , sounded heavily on my heart . I felt a sudden shrink within me , as their steps quickly ceased to be heard upon the stone stairs — and when the distant prison door was finally closed , I watched the last echo . I had for a moment forgotten my companion . When I turned round , he was sitting on the side of his low pallet , towards the head of it , supporting his head by his elbow against the wall , apparently in a state of half stupor . He was motionless , excepting a sort of convulsive movement , between sprawling and clutching of the fingers of the right hand , which was extended on his knee . His shrunk cheeks exhibited a deadly ashen paleness , with a slight tinge of yellow , the effect of confinement . His eyes were glossy and sunken , and seemed in part to have lost the power of gazing . They were turned with an unmeaning and vacant stare upon the window , where the last red streak of day was faintly visible , which they seemed vainly endeavouring to watch . The sense of my own situation now recoiled strongly upon me ; and the sight of the wretch sitting stiffened in quiet agony , ( for it was no better ,) affected me with a faint sickness . I felt that an effort was necessary , and , with some difficulty , addressed a few cheering and consolatory phrases to the miserable creature I had undertaken to support . My words might not — but I fear my tone was too much in unison with his feelings , such as they were . His answer was a few inarticulate mutterings , between which , the spasmodic twitching of his fingers became more apparent than before . A noise at the door seemed decidedly to rouse him ; and as he turned his head with a sudden effort , I felt relieved to see the gaoler enter . He was used to such scenes ; and with an air of commiseration , but in a tone which lacked none of the firmness with which he habitually spoke , he asked the unhappy man some question of his welfare , and seemed satisfied with the head-shake and inarticulately muttered replies of the again drooping wretch , as if they were expected , and of course . Having directed the turnkey to place some wine and slight refreshments on the table , and to trim the light , he told me in a whisper , that my friends would be at the prison , with the clergyman , at the hour of six ; and bidding the miserable convict and myself , after a cheering word or two , “ good night , ” he departed — the door was closed — and the murderer and I were finally left together . It was now past the hour of ten o'clock ; and it became my solemn duty to take heed , that the last few hours of the dying sinner passed not , without such comfort to his struggling soul as human help might hold out . After reading to him some passages of the gospel , the most apposite to his trying state , and some desultory and unconnected conversation — for the poor creature , at times seemed to be unable , under his load of horror , to keep his ideas connected further than as they dwelt upon his own nearing and unavoidable execution — I prevailed upon him to join in prayer . He at this time appeared to be either so much exhausted , or labouring under so much lassitude from fear and want of rest , that I found it necessary to take his arm and turn him upon his knees by the pallet-side . The hour was an awful one . No sound was heard save an occasional ejaculation between a sigh and a smothered groan from the wretched felon . The candle burned dimly ; and as I turned I saw , though I scarcely noticed it at the moment , a dim insect of the moth species , fluttering hurriedly round it , the sound of whose wings mournfully filled up the pauses of myself and my companion . When the nerves are strained to their uttermost , by such trifling circumstances are we affected . Here ( thought I ) there has been no light , at such an hour , for many years ; and yet here is one whose office it seems to be to watch it ! My spirit felt the necessity of some exertion ; and with an energy , for which a few moments before I had hardly dared to hope , I poured out my soul in prayer . I besought mercy upon the blood-stained creature who was grovelling beside me — I asked that repentance and peace might be vouchsafed him — I begged , for our Redeemer 's sake , that his last moments might know that untasted rapture of sin forgiven , and a cleansed soul , which faith alone can bring to fallen man — I conjured him to help and aid me to call upon the name of Christ ; and I bade him put off life and forget it , and to trust in that name alone — I interceded that his latter agony might be soothed , and that the leave-taking of body and soul might be in quietness and peace . But he shook and shivered , and nature clung to the miserable straw of existence which yet floated upon the wide and dismal current of oblivion , and he groaned heavily and muttered , “ No , no , no ! ” as if the very idea of death was unbearable , even for a moment ; and “ to die , ” even to him that must , were a thing impossible , and not to be thought of or named . And as I wrestled with the adversary that had dominion over him , he buried his shrunk and convulsed features in the covering of his miserable pallet ; while his fingers twisted and writhed about , like so many scotched snakes , and his low , sick moans , made the very dungeon darker . When I lifted him from his kneeling position , he obeyed my movement like a tired child , and again sat on the low pallet , in a state of motionless and unresisting torpor . The damp sweat stood on my own forehead , though not so cold as on his ; and I poured myself out a small portion of wine , to ward off the exhaustion which I began to feel unusually strong upon me . I prevailed upon the poor wretch to swallow a little with me ; and , as I broke a bit of bread , I thought , and spoke to him , of that last repast of Him who came to call sinners to repentance ; and methought his eye grew lighter than it was . The sinking frame , exhausted and worn down by anxiety , confinement , and the poor allowance of a felon 's gaol , drew a short respite from the cordial ; and he listened to my words with something of self-collectedness — albeit slight tremblings might still be seen to run along his nerves at intervals ; and his features collapsed , ever and anon , into that momentary vacuity of wildness which the touch of despair never fails to give . I endeavoured to improve the occasion . I exhorted him , for his soul 's sake , and the relief of that which needed it too much , to make a full and unreserved confession , not only to God , who needed it not , but to man , who did . I besought him , for the good of all , and as he valued his soul 's health , to detail the particulars of his crime , but his eye fell . That dark enemy , who takes care to leave in the heart just hope enough to keep despair alive , tongue-tied him ; and he would not — even now — at the eleventh hour — give up the vain imagination , that the case of his companion might yet be confounded with his , to the escape of both — and vain it was . It had not been felt advisable , so far as to make him acquainted with the truth , that this had already been sifted and decided ; and I judged this to be the time . Again and again I urged confession upon him . I put it to him that this act of justice might now be done for its own sake , and for that of the cleansing from spot of his stained spirit . I told him , finally , that it could no longer prejudice him in this world , where his fate was written and sealed , for that his companion was reprieved . I knew not what I did . Whether the tone of my voice , untutored in such business , had raised a momentary hope , I know not — but the revulsion was dreadful . He stared with a vacant look of sudden horror — a look which those who never saw cannot conceive , and which — ( the remembrance is enough ) — I hope never to see again — and twisting round , rolled upon his pallet with a stifled moan that seemed tearing him in pieces . As he lay , moaning and writhing backwards and forwards , the convulsions of his legs , the twisting of his fingers , and the shiverings that ran through his frame were terrible . To attempt to rouse him seemed only to increase their violence — as if the very sound of the human voice was , under his dreadful circumstances , intolerable , as renewing the sense of reality to a reason already clouding , and upon the verge of temporary deliquium . He was the picture of despair . As he turned his face to one side , I saw that a few , but very few hot tears had been forced from his glassy and blood-shot eyes ; and in his writhings he had scratched one cheek against his iron bedstead , the red discoloration of which contrasted sadly with the deathly pallidness of hue , which his visage now showed : during his struggles , one shoe had come off , and lay unheeded on the damp stone-floor . The demon was triumphant within him ; and when he groaned , the sound seemed scarcely that of a human being , so much had horror changed it . I kneeled over him — but in vain . He heard nothing — he felt nothing — he knew nothing , but that extremity of prostration to which a moment 's respite would be Dives ’ drop of water — and yet in such circumstances , any thing but a mercy . He could not bear , for a moment , to think upon his own death — a moment 's respite would only have added new strength to the agony — He might be dead ; but could not “ — die ; ” and in the storm of my agitation and pity , I prayed to the Almighty to relieve him at once from sufferings which seemed too horrible even to be contemplated . How long this tempest of despair continued , I do not know . All that I can recall is , that after almost losing my own recollection under the agitation of the scene , I suddenly perceived that his moans were less loud and continuous , and that I ventured to look at him , which I had not done for some space . Nature had become exhausted , and he was sinking gradually into a stupor , which seemed something between sleep and fainting . This relief did not continue long — and as soon as I saw him begin to revive again to a sense of his situation , I made a strong effort , and lifting him up , seated him again on the pallet , and , pouring out a small quantity of wine , gave it him to drink , not without a forlorn hope that even wine might be permitted to afford him some little strength to bear what remained of his misery , and collect his ideas for his last hour . After a long pause of returning recollection , the poor creature , got down a little of the cordial and as I sat by him and supported him , I began to hope that his spirits calmed . He held the glass and sipped occasionally , and appeared in some sort to listen , and to answer to the words of consolation I felt collected enough to offer . At this moment the low and distant sound of a clock was heard , distinctly striking one . The ear of despair is quick ;— and as he heard it , he shuddered , and in spite of a strong effort to suppress his emotion , the glass had nearly fallen from his hand . A severe nervous restlessness now rapidly grew upon him , and he eagerly drank up one or two small portions of wine , with which I supplied him . His fate was now evidently brought one degree nearer to him . He kept his gaze intently and unceasingly turned to the window of the dungeon . His muttered replies were incoherent , or unintelligible , and his sunk and weakened eye strained painfully on the grated window , as if he momentarily expected to see the first streak of the dawn of that morning , which to him was to be night . His nervous agitation gradually became horrible , and his motions stronger . He seemed not to have resolution enough to rise from his seat and go to the window , and yet to have an over-powering wish or impulse to do so . The lowest sound startled him — but with this terrible irritation , his muscular power , before debilitated , seemed to revive , and his action , which was drooping and languid , became quick and angular . I began to be seized with an undefined sense of fear and alarm . In vain I combated it ; it grew upon me ; and I had almost risen from my seat to try to make myself heard , and obtain , if possible , assistance . The loneliness of the gaol , however , rendered this , even , if attempted , almost desperate — the sense of duty , the dread of ridicule , came across me , and chained me to my seat by the miserable criminal , whose state was becoming every minute more dreadful and extraordinary . Exhausted by the wearing excitement and anxiety of my situation , I had for a moment sunk into that confused absence of mind with which those who have been in similar circumstances cannot be unacquainted , when my miserable companion , with a convulsive shudder , grasped my arm suddenly . I was for a few seconds unaware of the cause of this emotion and movement , when a low , indistinct sound caught my ear . It was the rumbling of a cart , mingled with two or three suppressed voices ; and the cart appeared to be leaving the gate of the dismal building in which we were . It rolled slowly and heavily as if cumbrously laden , under the paved gateway ; and after a few minutes , all was silent . The agonized wretch understood its import better than I did . A gust of the wildest despair came suddenly over him . He clutched with his hands whatever met his grasp . His knees worked . His frame became agitated with one continued movement , swaying backwards and forwards , almost to falling ;— and his inarticulate complaints became terrific . I attempted to steady him by an exertion of strength — I spoke kindly to him , but he writhed in my grasp like an adder , and as an adder was deaf ; grief and fear had horrible possession . Myself , almost in a state of desperation — for the sight was pitiful . I at last endeavoured to awe him into a momentary quiescence , and strongly bade him at last to die like a man ; but the word “ Death ” had to him only the effect it may be supposed to have upon a mere animal nature and understanding — how could it have any other ? He tried to bear it , and could not , and uttering a stifled noise , between a yell and a moan , he grasped his own neck ; his face assumed a dark red colour , and he fell into a state of stifled convulsion . When despair had wrought with him , I lifted him with difficulty from the floor on which he had fallen . His relaxed features had the hue of death , and his parched lips , from a livid blue , became of an ashy whiteness . In appearance he was dying ; and in the agitation of the moment I poured a considerable portion of the wine which had been left with us into a glass , and , after wetting his temples , held it to his lips . He made an effort to swallow , and again revived to consciousness ; and holding the vessel firmly in his hands , got down with difficulty and at intervals , the entire draught . When he found it totally exhausted , the glass fell from his hands ; but he seized and held one of mine with a grasp so firm and iron-like that the contrast startled me . He seemed to be involved in a confused whirl of sensations . He stared round the cell with a wildness of purpose that was appalling ; and after a time , I began to see with deep remorse , that the wine I had unguardedly given was , as is always the case , adding keenness to his agony and strength to his despair . He half rose once or twice and listened ; all was silent — when , after the pause of a minute or two , a sudden fit of desperation seemed to seize upon him . He rushed to the window , and hurriedly surveying the grates , wrenched at them with a strength demoniac and superhuman , till the iron bars shook in their embedments . From this period my recollections are vague and indistinct . I remember strongly remonstrating with the poor creature , and being pushed away by hands which were now bleeding profusely with the intense efforts of his awful delirium . I remember attempting to stop him , and hanging upon him , until the insane wretch clutched me by the throat , and a struggle ensued , during which I suppose I must at length have fainted or become insensible ; for the contest was long , and while consciousness remained , terrible and appalling . My fainting , I presume , saved my life , for the felon was in that state of maniacal desperation which nothing but a perfect unresistingness could have evaded . After this , the first sensation I can recall is that of awakening out of that state of stupor into which exhaustion and agitation had thrown me . Shall I ever forget it ? The anxiety of some of my friends had brought them early to the gaol ; and the unusual noises which had been heard by some of its miserable inmates occasioned , I believe , the door of the cell in which we were , to be unlocked before the intended hour . Keenly do I recollect the struggling again into painful consciousness , the sudden sense of cheering daylight , the sound of friendly voices , the changed room , and the strange looks of all around me . The passage was terrible to me ; but I had yet more to undergo . I was recovered just in time to witness the poor wretch , whose prop and consolation I had undertaken to be , carried , exhausted and in nerveless horror , to the ignominious tree — his head drooping on his breast , his eyes opening mechanically at intervals , and only kept from fainting and utter insensibility by the unused and fresh morning air , which breathed in his face , as if in cruel mockery . I looked once , but looked no more .—* * * * THE GATHERER A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . It is said that the famous Burman General , Bundoola , who was killed at the siege of Donabew , began , before his death , to evince symptoms of Christianity . When the Mugh ( a native belonging to the Chittagong frontier ) who reported this interesting fact , was pressed to explain what these symptoms were , he replied , with much simplicity , that Bundoola was of his “ master 's caste , ” having acquired a relish for the enjoyment of roast beef , pork , and brandy . W. G. C . “ DRY LODGINGS TO LET . ” In Ireland this notice is often given by the words “ Good Dry Lodgings , ” by which word dry , is not meant lodgings wet or damp , but without board . A dry ball is used to imply , a ball without supper . SHAVING IN CHURCHYARDS . Some centuries past it was usual in England for the barbers to shave the parishioners in the churchyard , on high festivals , ( as Easter , Whitsuntide , & c .) before matins . The observance of this custom was restrained in the year 1422 , by a particular prohibition of Richard Flemmyng , Bishop of Lincoln . H. B. A . The Mar é chal Grammont having for some time besieged a fortress , the garrison of which held out obstinately , a capitulation at length took place , upon the signing of which , the governor of the fortress said , “ Mar é chal , I will be candid with you , if I had not been bereft of a bullet to defend myself , I should not have surrendered . ” — “ That I may not appear wanting in candour , ” replied the Mar é chal , “ I must tell you that had I had any more powder , I would not have acceded to the terms of capitulation . ” NOVEL HERALDRY . A gentleman having sent a porter on a message , which he executed much to his satisfaction , had the curiosity to ask his name ; being informed it was Russell , “ Pray , ” says the gentleman “ is your coat of arms the same as the Duke of Bedford 's ? ” “ As to our arms , your honour , ” said the porter , “ I believe they are pretty much alike ; but there is a deal of difference between our coats . ” LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .