THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 10 , No . 269 .] SATURDAY , AUGUST 18 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d . DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE 'S VILLA , CHISWICK . Illustration The lamented death of the Right Hon . George Canning has naturally excited the curiosity of our readers to the villa in which that eminent statesman breathed his last ; and we have therefore obtained from our artist an original drawing , which has been taken since the melancholy event occurred , and from which we are now enabled to give the above correct and picturesque engraving . Chiswick House is the seat of the Duke of Devonshire , built by the last Earl of Burlington , whose taste and skill as an architect have been frequently recorded . The ascent to the house is by a noble double flight of steps , on one side of which is a statue of Palladio , and on the other that of Inigo Jones . The portico is supported by six fluter Corinthian pillars , with a pediment ; and a dome at the top enlightens a beautiful octagonal saloon . “ This house , ” says Mr. Walpole , “ the idea of which is borrowed from a well-known villa of Palladio , and is a model of taste , though not without faults , some of which are occasioned by too strict adherence to rules and symmetry . Such are too many corresponding doors in spaces so contracted ; chimneys between windows , and , which is worse , windows between chimneys ; and vestibules however beautiful , yet little secured from the damps of this climate . The trusses that support the ceiling of the corner drawing-room are beyond measure massive , and the ground apartment is rather a diminutive catacomb than a library in a northern latitude . Yet these blemishes , and Lord Hervey 's wit , who said ‘ the house was too small to inhabit , and too large to hang to one 's watch , ’ cannot depreciate the taste that reigns throughout the whole . The larger court , dignified by picturesque cedars , and the classic scenery of the small court , that unites the old and new house , are more worth seeing than many fragments of ancient grandeur which our travellers visit under all the dangers attendant on long voyages . The garden is in the Italian taste , but divested of conceits , and far preferable to every style that reigned till our late improvements . The buildings are heavy , and not equal to the purity of the house . The lavish quantity of urns and sculpture behind the garden front should be retrenched . ” Such were the sentiments of Mr. Walpole on this celebrated villa , before the noble proprietor began the capital improvements which have since been completed . Two wings have been added to the house , from the designs of Mr. Wyattville . These remove the objections that have been made to the house , are more fanciful and beautiful than convenient and habitable ; the gardens have also been considerably improved , and now display all the beauties of modern planting . It is a remarkable coincidence that at this secluded and beautiful villa Charles James Fox terminated his glorious career , in the same month , and having arrived at the same age ( fifty-seven ) as Mr. Canning . As many of our readers may be induced to visit this quiet and picturesque spot , we would recommend them to pass down the private carriage-way which leads from Turnham-green to the porter 's lodge , and having reached the door that opens to a rural lane which runs in front of the villa , to turn into the field , the gate of which is situated near a small bridge , and from thence a delightful view may be obtained of this celebrated villa . It was on this spot the above view was sketched . In returning through the lane which we have just alluded to , the first turning on the right conducts to the church , which interestingly-ancient edifice demands a remark in this place . Chiswick church is situated near the water side . The present structure originally consisted only of a nave and chancel , and was built about the beginning of the fifteenth century , at which time the tower was erected at the charge of William Bordal , vicar of Chiswick , who died in 1435 . It is built of stone and flint , as is the north wall of the church and chancel ; the latter has been repaired with brick : a transverse aisle , at the east end of the nave , was added on the south side in the middle of the last , and a corresponding aisle on the south side , towards the beginning of the last century . The former was enlarged in the year 1772 , by subscription , and carried on to the west end of the nave : both the aisles are of brick . In the churchyard is a monument to the memory of William Hogarth . On this monument , which is ornamented with a mask , a laurel wreath , a palette , pencils , and a book , inscribed , “ Analysis of Beauty , ” are the following lines , by his friend and contemporary , the late David Garrick :— “ Farewell , great painter of mankind , Who reached the noblest point of art , Whose pictur 'd morals charm the mind , And through the eye correct the heart ! If genius fire thee , reader , stay ; If nature move thee , drop a tear ; If neither touch thee , turn away , For Hogarth 's honour 'd dust lies here . ” Near this is the tomb of Dr. Rose , many years distinguished as a critic in a respectable periodical publication . In the church , in the Earl of Burlington 's vault , is interred the celebrated Kent , a painter , architect , and father of modern gardening . “ In the first character , ” says Mr. Walpole , “ he was below mediocrity ; in the second , he was the restorer of the science ; in the last , an original , and the inventor of an art that realizes painting and improves nature . Mahomet imagined an Elysium , but Kent created many . ” He frequently declared , it is said , that he caught his taste in gardening from reading the picturesque descriptions of Spencer . Mason , noticing his mediocrity as a painter , pays this fine tribute to his excellence in the decoration of rural scenery :— —— “ He felt The pencil 's power — but fir 'd by higher forms Of beauty than that pencil knew to paint , Work 'd with the living hues that Nature lent , And realiz 'd his landscapes . Generous be , Who gave to Painting what the wayward nymph Refus 'd her votary ; those Elysian scenes , Which would she emulate , her nicest hand Must all its force of light and shade employ . ” On the outside of the wall of the churchyard , on a stone tablet , is the following curious inscription :— “ This wall was made at ye charges of ye right honourable and trulie pious Lorde Francis Russel , Duke of Bedford , out of true zeal and care for ye keeping of this churchyard , and ye wardrobe of God 's saints , whose bodies lay therein buried , from violating by swine and other profanation , so witnessed ! William Walker , V ., A. D. 1623 . ” We cannot better conclude our description than with a sketch from Sir Richard Phillips 's “ Morning 's Walk to Kew . ” He was walking on the opposite banks of the river , when on a sudden he caught the sound of a ring of village bells . “ Surely , ” he exclaimed , “ they are Chiswick bells !— the very bells under the sound of which I received part of my early education , and , as a schoolboy , passed the happiest days of my life !— Well might their tones vibrate to my inmost soul , and kindle uncommon sympathies ! ” I now recollected that the winding of the river must have brought me nearer to that simple and primitive village than the profusion of wood had permitted me to perceive , and my memory had been unconsciously acted upon by the tones which served as keys to all the associations connected with these bells , their church and the village of Chiswick ! I listened again , and now discriminated those identical sounds which I had not heard during a period of more than thirty years . I distinguished the very words in the successive tones , which the school-boys and puerile imaginations at Chiswick used to combine with them . In thought , I became again a schoolboy — “ Yes , ” said I , “ the six bells tell me that my dun cow has just calv 'd , exactly as they did above thirty years since ! ” — Did the reader never encounter a similar key-note , leading to a multitude of early and vivid recollections ? Those well-remembered tones , in like manner , brought before my imagination numberless incidents and personages no longer important , or no longer in existence . My scattered and once-loved schoolmates , their characters and their various fortunes , passed in rapid review before me ; my schoolmaster , his wife , and all the gentry , and heads of families , whose orderly attendance at divine service on Sundays , while those well-remembered bells were “ chiming for church , ” ( but now gone and mouldering in the adjoining graves ,) were again presented to my perceptions ! With what pomp and form they used to enter and depart from their house of God ! I still saw with the mind 's eye the widow Hogarth , and her maiden relative , Richardson , walking up the aisle dressed in their silken sacks , their raised head-dresses , their black hoods , their lace ruffles , and their high-crook 'd canes , preceded by their aged servant , Samuel ; who , after he had wheeled his mistress to church in her Bath-chair , carried the prayer-books up the aisle , and opened and shut the pew ! There too was the portly Dr. Griffiths , of the Monthly Review , with his literary wife in her neat and elevated wire-winged cap ! And oftimes the vivacious and angelic Duchess of Devonshire , whose bloom had not then suffered from the canker-worm of pecuniary distress , created by the luxury of charity ! Nor could I forget the humble distinction of the aged sexton , Mortefee , whose skill in psalmody enabled him to lead that wretched group of singers , whom Hogarth so happily portrayed ; whose performance with the pitch-fork excited so much wonder in little boys ; and whose gesticulations and contortions of head , hand , and body , in beating time , were not outdone even by Joah Bates in the commemorations of Handel ! Yes , simple and happy villagers ! I remember scores of you ;— how fortunately ye had , and still have , escaped the contagion of the metropolitan vices , though distant but five miles ; and how many of you have I conversed with , who , at an adult age , had never beheld the degrading assemblage of its knaveries and miseries ! I revelled in the melancholy pleasure of these recollections , yielding my whole soul to that witchery of sensibility which magnifies the perception of being , till one of the bells was overset , when , the peal stopping , I had leisure to think on the rapid advance of the day , and on the consequent necessity of quickening my speed . THE SKETCH-BOOK . NO . XLIV . THE BLUE BOTTLE “ A fly your honour . ” — Brighton Cliff Talk of musquitoes !— a musquito is a gentleman who honourably runs you through with a small sword , and from whom ( as from a mad dog ) we may easily seek a defence in — muslin . But your rory-tory , hurly-burly blue-bottle , is no better than a bully . His head is a humming-top , and his tight blue little body like a tomahawk , cased in glittering steel , which he takes a delight in whirling against your head . I really believe , that to confine a nervous man in a room with one of these winged tormentors , on a July day , would inevitably destroy him in less than an hour . He rudely and unceremoniously bumps away all sober reflection ,— ( I wonder whether the phrenological Spurzheim ever felt the bumps of a blue-bottle !) then his whimsical vagaries effectually defy repose ; now settling with his tickling bandy legs upon your nose , and industriously insinuating his sharp proboscis , and anon abruptly buzzing in your ear — no secret — off he shoots again to his own music . Now , truly , his hum-drum puts me in mind of the whirring tone of the hurdy-gurdy , while his ad libitum bumping against the booming window-panes sounds , to my fancy , like the unskilful accompaniment of a double drum , beaten by some unmusical urchin . The house spider who spreads with so much care his beautiful nets for gnats , and moths , and smaller flies , finds alike his labour and his toils in vain to secure this rampaging rogue ; and , indeed , when the turbulent blue-bottle chances , in his bouncing random flight , to get entangled in the glutinous meshes , he shakes and roars , and blusters so loudly , until he breaks away , that the spider affrighted , invariably takes advantage of his long legs to scamper off to his sanctum in the cracked wainscot — like some imbecile watchman , who fearing to encounter a tall inebriated bruiser , sneaks away with admirable discretion to the security of his snug box , praying the drunkard may speedily reel into another beat . Your noisy people generally grow taciturn in their cups — but Sir Blue-bottle , though he drinks deep draughts of your wine , particularly if it abound in sweetness , is never changed . He is naturally giddy , and according to entomologists , always sees more than double , while his head was never made to be turned . So may you hope for peace — only in his flight or death !— Absurdities : in Prose and Verse . LAW AND LAWYERS . ( For the Mirror .) William the Conqueror entertained the difficult project of totally abolishing the English language , and for that purpose , he ordered that in all schools throughout the kingdom , the youth should be instructed in the French tongue . Until the reign of Edward III . the pleadings in the supreme courts of judicature were performed in French , when it was appointed that the pleas should be pleaded in English ; but that they should be entered or recorded in Latin . The deeds were drawn in the same language ; the laws were composed in that idiom , and no other tongue was used at court . It became , says Hume , the language of all fashionable company ; and the English themselves ashamed of their own country , affected to excel in that foreign dialect . At Athens , and even in France and England , formal and prepared pleadings were prohibited , and it was unlawful to amuse the court with long , artful harangues ; only it was the settled custom here , in important matters , to begin the pleadings with a text out of the holy scriptures . It is of late years that eloquence was admitted to the bar . The account which the learned judge Hale gives of the lawyers , who pleaded in the 15th century , does them little honour . He condemns the reports during the reigns of Henry IV . and V. as inferior to those of the last twelve years of Edward III . and he speaks but coolly of those which the reign of Henry VI . produces . Yet this deficiency of progressive improvement in the common law arose not from a want of application to the science ; since we learn from Fortescue that there were no fewer than two thousand students attending on the inns of chancery and of court , in the time of its writer . Gray'shYpppHeNinn , in the time of Henry VIII . was so incommodious , that “ the ancients of this house were necessitated to lodge double . ” Indeed until the beginning of the last century the lawyers lived mostly in their inns of court , or about Westminster-hall . But a great change has been effected ; they are all now removed to higher ground , squares and genteel neighbourhoods , no matter how far distant from their chambers . The number of judges in the courts of Westminster was by no means certain . Under Henry VI . there were at one time eight judges in the court of common pleas . Each judge took a solemn oath that “ he would take no fee , pension , gift , reward , or bribe , from any suitor , saving meat and drink , which should be of no great value . ” In 1402 , the salary of the chief justice of the king 's bench was forty pounds per annum . In 1408 , the chief justice of the common pleas had fifty-five marks per annum . In 1549 , the chief justice of the king 's bench had an addition of thirty pounds to his salary , and each justice of the same bench and common pleas , twenty pounds . At this time , a felony under the value of twelve pence , was not a capital offence ; and twelve pence then was equal to sixty shillings at the present day . To Richard III . on whom history has cast innumerable stains , England has considerable obligations as a legislator . Barrington thus speaks of him : “ Not to mention his causing each act of parliament to be written in English and to be printed , he was the first prince on the English throne who enabled the justices of the peace to take bail ; and he caused to be enacted a law against raising money by ‘ benevolence ’ which when pleaded by the citizens of London against Cardinal Wolsey , could only be answered by an averment , that Richard being a usurper and a murderer of his nephews , the laws of so wicked a man ought not to be forced . ” And a noble biographer , ( Bacon 's Henry VII .) says , “ He was a good lawgiver for the ease and solace of the common people . ” Cardinal Wolsey to terrify the citizens of London into the general loan exacted in 1525 , told them plainly , that it were better that some should suffer indigence than that the king at this time should lack , and therefore beware and resist not , nor ruffle not in the case , for it may fortune to cost some people their heads . And says Hume , when Henry VIII . heard that the commons made a great difficulty of granting the required supply , he was so provoked that he sent for Edward Montague , one of the members who had a considerable influence on the house ; and he being introduced to his majesty , had the mortification to hear him speak in these words : Ho ! man ! will they not suffer my bill to pass ? And laying his hand on Montague 's head , who was then on his knees before him , get my bill passed by to-morrow , or else to-morrow this head of yours shall be off . This cavalier manner of Henry 's succeeded ; for next day the bill passed . Another instance of arbitrary power is worth relating . In Strype 's life of Stow we find , a garden house belonging to an honest citizen of London , ( which chanced to obstruct the improvement of a powerful favourite . Thomas Cromwell ,) “ loosed from the foundation , borne on rollers , and replaced two and twenty feet within the garden , ” without the owner 's leave being required ; nay without his knowledge . The persons employed , being asked their authority for this extraordinary proceeding , made only this reply , “ That Sir Thomas Cromwell had commanded them to do it , ” and none durst argue the matter . The father of the antiquary , Stow , ( for it was he that was thus trampled upon ,) “ was fain to continue to pay his old rent , without any abatement , for his garden ; though half of it was in this manner taken away . ” TRIAL AND EXECUTION . In days of yore , ( says Aubrey ) lords and gentlemen lived in the country like petty kings , had jura regalia belonging to the seignories , had castles and boroughs , had gallows within their liberties , where they would try , condemn , and execute ; never went to London but in parliament time , or once a year to do homage to the king . Justice was administered with great expedition , and too often with vindictive severity . Pennant informs us that “ originally the time of trial and execution was to be within three suns ! ” About the latter end of the seventeenth century the period was extended to nine days after sentence ; but since a rapid and unjust execution in a petty Scottish town , 1720 , the execution has been ordered to be deferred for forty days on the south , and sixty on the north side of the Tay , that time may be allowed for an application to the king for mercy . Stealing was first capital in the reign of Henry I . False coining , which was then a very common crime , was severely punished . Near fifty criminals of this kind were at one time hanged or mutilated . Laws were passed in Henry VIIth 's reign ordaining the king 's suit for murder to be carried on within a year and a day . Formerly it did not usually commence till after , and as the friends of the person murdered often in the interval compounded matters with the criminal , the crime frequently passed unpunished . In 1503 , an act was passed prohibiting the king from pardoning those convicted of wilful and premeditated murder ; but this appears to have been done at the monarch 's own request , and was liable to be rescinded at pleasure . In Henry the Eighth 's reign , Harrison asserts that 73 , 000 criminals were executed for theft and robbery , which was nearly 2 , 000 a year . He adds , that in Elizabeth 's reign , there were only between three and four hundred a year hanged for theft and robbery . It is said that the earliest law enacted in any country for the promotion of anatomical knowledge , was passed in 1540 . It allowed the united companies of Barbers and Surgeons to have yearly the bodies of four criminals for dissection . In the year 1749 , were executed at Tyburn , Usher Gahagan , Terence O'Connor , and Joseph Mapham , for filing gold money . Gahagan and Connor were papists of considerable families in Ireland ; the former was a very good Latin scholar , and editor of Brindley 's edition of the Classics ; he translated Pope 's Essay on Criticism , in Latin verse , and after his confinement , the Temple of Fame , and the Messiah , which he dedicated to the Duke of Newcastle , in hopes of a pardon ; he also wrote verses in English to prince George ( George III .) and to Mr. Adams , the recorder , which are published in the ordinary 's account , together with a poetical address to the Duchess of Queensbury , by Connor . In 1752 , it was enacted that every criminal convicted of wilful murder should be executed on the day next but one after sentence was passed , unless that happens to be on a Sunday : and in that case , they are to be executed on the Monday following . The judge may direct the body to be hung in chains , or to be delivered to the surgeons in order to its being dissected and anatomized ; but in no case whatsoever is it to be buried till after it is dissected . The first punishment of hanging , drawing , and quartering , occurred in the year 1241 . The form of our gallows was adopted by the Roman Furca , when Constantine abolished crucifixion . In France it had either a single , double , or treble frame , denoting the rank of the territorial seigneur , whether gentleman , knight , or baron . The ancient gallows near London , had hooks for eviscerating , quartering , & c. the bodies of criminals . In the 15th century , the top , like the beam of a pair of scales , was made to move up and down ; at one end hung a halter , at the other a large weight , the halter was drawn down , and being put round the criminal 's neck , the weight at the other end lifted him from the ground . F. R. Y . MY COMMON-PLACE BOOK , NO . XIX . NOVEL WRITERS AND NOVEL READERS . Auto-biography of men , who held no distinguished rank in the political world , is often very pleasant reading ; especially where the writer has a strong tincture of vanity , and is obviously blind to his own character ; for , if he does not know it himself , he is sure to let his readers know it ; if he does not see the dark spots , he will not endeavour to conceal them ; and , if he thinks them bright ones , he will blazon them . But novel-writing , when well done , is , after all , the best species of writing ; for , if what all the world says , is true ; what all the world reads , must be good . A novel writer , of any talents , will draw his portraits from the life — will catch at every striking feature , and generally paint man as he is ; and there is this difference between actual histories and works of imagination , that the former are for the most part true in letter , but false in spirit ; and the latter , false in letter , and true in spirit ; the one is correct in names , dates , and places , but out of truth in everything else : the other is not correct in names , dates , and places , but perfectly true in every other point . The worst part of a novel is the hero or heroine : these are too frequently fabrications from the author 's fancy , instead of portraits from nature ; or , if taken from life , they are tortured into a perfection that life never knew . This is too much the case with “ Thaddeus of Warsaw , ” and ten thousand others . Ladies are not good hands in painting heroes , nor gentlemen always equal to the portraying of heroines . The author of Werter knew that , and therefore he did not disfigure his wicked and interesting work with an artificial Charlotte : he leaves her to the reader 's own fancy , who has nothing to do but to fancy himself Werter , and his own imagination will paint Charlotte . When the hero is made the vehicle of one moral lesson , as Vivian , in Miss Edgeworth 's “ Tales of Fashionable Life , ” then there is no need of artificial ornament ; and when there is no intention of presenting an unmixed character of evil , nothing remains but to draw from life , and the work is perfect . One of Miss Edgeworth 's failings is of great service to her , in this kind of painting : she wants what some persons call feeling , that is to say , she does not believe in the omnipotence of love , and therefore would never have written such a book as the “ Sorrows of Werter ; ” and if she had possessed the same materials , she would have produced a very different work — not so full of genius , perhaps , but an interesting and instructive tale . Novels are productions more easily criticised than any others : every one may judge for himself of the truth or probability of the events , and the accuracy of the features of character . It is impossible almost to deceive a reader — to palm upon him fiction for truth ; for the truth is felt , if it be there , and the falsehood is palpable and revolting . There is also an extensive light of information in them . They do not merely give one scene , or character , or class of characters ; but their principles are generally applicable to a very wide extent — they exercise the mind to a habit of observation , and so far from giving false views of life , they more frequently direct us to its true estimate . To be sure , there is sometimes a degree of improbability in some of the incidents , which is mostly forgiven , if the whole mass be , in the main , true and accurate . There are certain standard incidents , which are common property — such as the discovery of relationships — the change of children — and liberal aunts , who make nothing of presenting a young married couple with twenty or thirty thousand pounds on their wedding day ; but , if any young lady or gentleman is silly enough to marry , without the means of support , because they have read such things in novels , and have also read of rich uncles all of a sudden returning from the East or West Indies , to shower gold and pearls on all their relations , all that must be said for them is , that they have not sufficient sense to read “ Aesop 's Fables , ” and they might as easily be misled into the imagination that brutes could talk . It is a very weak charge against novels , that they present false views of life ; for , when they do , none but silly people read them ; and they are just as wise after , as they were before . If there be any evil in novels at all , it is when they take people from their business — when they occupy a mother 's time to the neglect of her children — when they lead idle boys to neglect their lessons , and when they lead idle gentlefolks to fancy themselves employed , when they are only killing time . W. P. S . CARRIER PIGEONS . ( For the Mirror .) It appears by the Dutch papers that pigeons are now used to forward correspondence between different countries in Europe , and one was lately found resting on a house in Rotterdam . The carrier pigeon has its name from its remarkable sagacity in returning to the place where it was bred ; and Lightow assures us , that one of these birds would carry a letter from Babylon to Aleppo , which is thirty days ’ journey , in forty-eight hours . This pigeon was employed in former times by the English factory to convey intelligence from Scanderoon of the arrival of company 's ships in that port , the name of the ship , the hour of her arrival , and whatever else could be comprised in a small compass , being written on a slip of paper , which was secured in such a manner under the pigeon 's wing as not to impede its flight ; and her feet were bathed in vinegar , with a view to keep them cool , and prevent her being tempted by the sight of water to alight , by which the journey might have been prolonged , or the billet lost . The pigeons performed this journey in two hours and a half . The messenger had a young brood at Aleppo , and was sent down in an uncovered cage to Scanderoon , from whence , as soon as set at liberty , she returned with all possible expedition to her nest . It is said that the pigeons when let fly from Scanderoon , instead of bending their course towards the high mountains surrounding the plain , mounted at once directly up , soaring still almost perpendicularly till out of sight , as if to surmount at once the obstacles intercepting their view of the place of their destination . Maillet , in his “ Description de l'Egypt , ” tells us of a pigeon despatched from Aleppo to Scanderoon , which , mistaking its way , was absent for three days , and in that time had made an excursion to the island of Ceylon ; a circumstance then deduced from finding green cloves in the bird 's stomach , and credited at Aleppo . In the time of the holy wars , certain Saracen ambassadors who came to Godfrey of Antioch from a neighbouring prince , sent intelligence to their master of the success of their embassy , by means of pigeons , fixing the billet to the bird 's tail . Hirtius and Brutus , at the siege of Modena , held a correspondence with one another by means of pigeons . Ovid informs us that Taurosthenus , by a pigeon stained with purple , gave notice to his father of his victory at the Olympic games , sending it to him at Æ gina ; and Anacreon tells us , that he conveyed a billet-doux to his beautiful Bathyllid , by a dove . Thus , says Bewick , “ the bird is let loose , and in spite of surrounding armies and every obstacle that would have effectually prevented any other means of conveyance , guided by instinct alone , it returns directly home , where the intelligence is so much wanted . Sometimes they have been the peaceful bearers of glad tidings to the anxious lover , and to the merchant of the no less welcome news of the safe arrival of his vessel at the desired port . ” In this flighty and pigeoning age , I would recommend a pigeon-carrier-company , whose shares might be elevated to any height . P. T. W . MISCELLANIES . NAMES OF SHEEP . A ram or wether lamb , after being weaned , is called a hog , or hoggitt , tag , or pug , throughout the first year , or until it renew two teeth ; the ewe , a ewe-lamb , ewe-tag , or pug . In the second year the wether takes the name of shear-hog , and has his first two renewed or broad teeth , or he is called a two-toothed tag or pug ; the ewe is called a thaive , or two-toothed ewe tag , or pug . In the third year , a shear hog or four-toothed wether , a four-toothed ewe or thaive . The fourth year , a six-toothed wether or ewe . The fifth year , having eight broad teeth , they are said to be full-mouthed sheep . Their age also , particularly of the rams , is reckoned by the number of times they have been shorn , the first shearing taking place in the second year ; a shearing , or one-shear , two-shear , & c. The term pug is , I believe , nearly become obsolete . In the north and in Scotland , ewe hogs are called dimonts , and in the west of England ram lambs are called pur lambs . The ancient term tup , for a ram , is in full use . Crone still signifies an old ewe . Of crock , I know nothing of the etymology , and little more of the signification , only that the London butchers of the old school , and some few of the present , call Wiltshire sheep horned crocks . I believe crock mutton is a term of inferiority . Conceit and confidence are both of them cheats ; the first always imposes on itself , the second frequently deceives others too .— Zimmerman . ANCIENT POWDER FLASK . Illustration ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) SIR ,— The enclosed curious drawing of an ancient powder “ flaske , ” both in form and ornament , may not be uninteresting to the readers of your valuable MIRROR at the approaching sporting season . Gunpowder , when first invented , was carried in the horns of animals , for safety and convenience ; though some time afterwards placed in flat leather cases or bottles , invented by the Germans , and called “ flaskes . ” A remarkably curious one of this description , evidently of the time of Queen Elizabeth , is here represented , and is formed of ivory , somewhat in the shape of a stag 's horn ; the ornaments on it are carved in a good bold style , and represent an armed figure on horseback in full chase . The “ flaske ” is tipped at the end with silver , and measures about eight inches in length . I remain , yours , SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS CHARACTER OF THE SEPOYS . Our countrymen at home are frequently perplexed by the apparent contradictions of a traveller from the East , when describing the characters and manners of the inhabitants of Hindostan . If , for instance , he alludes to our gallant sepoys , he pours forth unmeasured praise , and appears altogether charmed with their docility , courage , honour , and fidelity . On the other hand , his opinion of the natives in the aggregate is often as exactly the reverse as it is possible to imagine . They are described , perhaps , in the strongest terms , as at once servile , cowardly , treacherous , and ungrateful . The fact is , that our troops are all from the northern provinces of India , the natives of which are a brave and generous race , who hold the profession of arms in the highest estimation . The Bengallees on the contrary , ( with the most universal and shameless indifference to truth ,) are mean , effeminate , and avaricious . They are chiefly composed of merchants , copying clerks , mechanics , and domestic servants , and are invariably refused admittance into the company 's army . These people are vastly inferior to the natives of the upper provinces in mental and corporeal energy , though more polished in their manners , and more easily initiated into the arts and mysteries of civilized life . I will illustrate the nice sense of honour which distinguishes the native soldier by the following anecdote . A sepoy of the Bengal native infantry was accused by one of his comrades of having stolen a rupee and a pair of trousers . The sergeant-major before whom , in the first instance , the charge was brought , was both unable and unwilling to give it credence . Besides the unusual circumstance of a native soldier being guilty of so base an act , the accused sepoy had always been remarkably conspicuous for his brave and upright conduct . His breast was literally covered with medals , and he had long been accustomed to the voice of praise . Still , however , justice demanded that the charge should not be dismissed without an impartial investigation . The whole affair was brought to the notice of the commanding officer , who desired that the sepoy 's residence should be immediately and thoroughly examined . On opening his knapsack , to the utter astonishment and regret of the whole regiment , the stolen property was discovered . None , however , looked more thunderstruck than the sepoy himself . He clenched his teeth in bitter agony , but spoke not a single word . The colonel told him , that though circumstances were fearfully against him , he would not yet pronounce him guilty , as it was not impossible he might be the victim of some malignant design . He therefore dismissed him from his presence until the result of further inquiries should produce a full conviction of his guilt or innocence . In a few hours the sepoy was observed to leave his little hut , and walk with hurried steps to a neighbouring field . He was soon concealed from sight by a thick cluster of bamboos , beneath which he had often sheltered himself from the noontide sun . Suspecting the purpose of his present visit to so retired a spot , a comrade followed him , but was unfortunately too late to arrest the hand of the determined suicide . The poor fellow lay stretched on the ground , with his head hanging back , and the blood gushing from his open throat . He had effected his purpose with a sharp knife , which he still grasped , as if with the intention of inflicting another wound . He was carried to the hospital , and carefully attended , but the surgeon immediately pronounced his recovery impossible . A pen and ink were brought to him , and he wrote with some difficulty on a slip of paper , that he firmly hoped he had not failed in his attempt to destroy himself , for life was of no value without honour . He stated , too , that though it might now be almost useless to affirm his innocence , he hoped that a time might come when his memory should be freed from its present stain . He lingered no less than fifteen days in this dreadful state , and died , at last , apparently of mere starvation . It was my painful duty , as “ officer of the day , ” to visit the hospital very frequently , and he invariably made signs of a desire for food . This it was , of course , impossible to give him , and any nourishment would merely have prolonged his misery . Two days before he died , it was discovered that a Bengallee servant of low caste , who had taken offence on some trivial occasion , had placed the stolen goods in the sepoy 's bundle , and then urged the owner to accuse him of the theft . The disclosure of this circumstance appeared to give infinite satisfaction to the dying soldier . London Weekly Review . HOUSE LAUNCHING . The launching of the two brick houses in Garden-street was completely successful . They were moved nearly ten feet , occupied at the time by their tenants , without having sustained any injury . The preparations were the work of some time ; the two buildings having been put upon ways , or into a cradle , were easily screwed on a new foundation . The inventor of this simple and cheap mode of moving tenanted brick buildings , is entitled to the thanks of the public . In the course of time , it is likely that houses will be put up upon ways at brick or stone quarries , and sold as ships are , to be delivered in any part of the city . — American Paper . In the course of time we really do not know what is not to happen in America . Jonathan promises to grow so big , and to do such wonders in a day or two , that no bounds can be placed to his performances in the future tense . Everything will of course be on a scale of grandeur proportioned to his country , which , as he observes in his Travels in England , is “ bigger and more like a world ” than our boasted land ; instead , therefore , of going about in confined , close carriages as people do here , the Americans will rattle through the streets to their routs and parties in their houses . One tenanted brick building will be driven up to the door of another . A further improvement may here be suggested . Jonathan is fond of chairs with rockers , that is , chairs with a cradle-bottom , on which he see-saws himself as he smokes his pipe and fuddles his sublime faculties with liquor . Now by putting a house on rockers , this trouble and exertion of the individual on a scale so small and unworthy of a great people would be spared , and every tenant of a brick building would be rocked at the same time , and by one common piece of machinery . The effect of a whole city nid-nid-nodding after dinner , will be extremely magnificent and worthy of America . As for the feasibility of the thing , nothing can be more obvious . If houses can be put upon cradles for launching , they can be put upon cradles for rocking ; and if tenants do not object to being conveyed from one part of the city to another in their mansions , they will not surely take fright at an agreeable stationary see-saw in them .— London Magazine . GOOD NIGHT TO THE SEASON . Thus runs the world away .— HAMLET . Good-night to the Season ! ‘ tis over ! Gay dwellings no longer are gay ; The courtier , the gambler , the lover , Are scatter 'd , like swallows , away : There 's nobody left to invite one , Except my good uncle and spouse ; My mistress is bathing at Brighton , My patron is sailing at Cowes : For want of a better employment , Till Ponto and Don can get out , I 'll cultivate rural enjoyment , And angle immensely for trout . Good-night to the Season !— the buildings Enough to make Inigo sick ; The paintings , and plasterings , and gildings , Of stucco , and marble , and brick ; The orders deliciously blended , From love of effect , into one ; The club-houses only intended , The palaces only begun ; The hell where the fiend , in his glory , Sits staring at putty and stones , And scrambles from story to story , To rattle at midnight his bones . Good-night to the Season !— the dances , The fillings of hot little rooms , The glancings of rapturous glances , The fancyings of fancy costumes ; The pleasures which Fashion makes duties , The praisings of fiddles and flutes , The luxury of looking at beauties , The tedium of talking to mutes ; The female diplomatists , planners Of matches for Laura and Jane , The ice of her Ladyship 's manners , The ice of his Lordship 's champagne . Good-night to the Season !— the rages Led off by the chiefs of the throng , The Lady Matilda 's new pages , The Lady Eliza 's new song ; Miss Fennel 's Macaw , which at Boodle 's Is held to have something to say ; Mrs. Splenetic 's musical Poodles , Which bark “ Batti , batti ! ” all day : The pony Sir Araby sported , As hot and as black as a coal , And the Lion his mother imported , In bearskins and grease , from the Pole . Good-night to the Season !— the Toso , So very majestic and tall ; Miss Ayton , whose singing was so so , And Pasta , divinest of all ; The labour in vain of the Ballet , So sadly deficient in stars ; The foreigners thronging the Alley , Exhaling the breath of cigars ; The “ loge , ” where some heiress , how killing , Environ 'd with Exquisites sits , The lovely one out of her drilling , The silly ones out of their wits . Good-night to the Season !— the splendour That beam 'd in the Spanish Bazaar , Where I purchased — my heart was so tender — A card-case ,— a pasteboard guitar ,— A bottle of perfume ,— a girdle ,— A lithograph 'd Riego full-grown , Whom Bigotry drew on a hurdle , That artists might draw him on stone ,— A small panorama of Seville ,— A trap for demolishing flies ,— A caricature of the Devil , And a look from Miss Sheridan 's eyes . Good-night to the Season !— the flowers Of the grand horticultural f ê te , When boudoirs were quitted for bowers , And the fashion was not to be late ; When all who had money and leisure , Grow rural o'er ices and wines , All pleasantly toiling for pleasure , All hungrily pining for pines , And making of beautiful speeches , And marring of beautiful shows , And feeding on delicate peaches , And treading on delicate toes . Good night to the Season !— another Will come with its trifles and toys , And hurry away , like its brother , In sunshine , and odour , and noise . Will it come with a rose or a briar ? Will it come with a blessing or curse ? Will its bonnets be lower or higher ? Will its morals be better or worse ? Will it find me grown thinner or fatter , Or fonder of wrong or of right . Or married , or buried ?— no matter , Good-night to the season , Good-night ! New Monthly Magazine . TIGER TAMING . A party of gentlemen from Bombay , one day visiting the stupendous cavern temple of Elephanta , discovered a tiger 's whelp in one of the obscure recesses of the edifice . Desirous of kidnapping the cub , without encountering the fury of its dam , they took it up hastily and cautiously , and retreated . Being left entirely at liberty , and extremely well fed , the tiger grew rapidly , appeared tame and fondling as a dog , and in every respect entirely domesticated . At length , when it had attained a vast size , and notwithstanding its apparent gentleness , began to inspire terror by its tremendous powers of doing mischief , a piece of raw meat , dripping with blood , fell in its way . It is to be observed , that , up to that moment , it had been studiously kept from raw animal food . The instant , however , it had dipped its tongue in blood , something like madness seemed to have seized upon the animal ; a destructive principle , hitherto dormant , was awakened — it darted fiercely , and with glaring eyes , upon its prey — tore it with fury to pieces — and , growling and roaring in the most fearful manner , rushed off towards the jungles .— London Weekly Review . RUNNING A MUCK . The inhabitants of the Indian Archipelago , and particularly of the island of Java , are of a very sullen and revengeful disposition . When they consider themselves grossly insulted , they are observed to become suddenly thoughtful ; they squat down upon the ground , and appear absorbed in meditation . While in this position , they revolve in their breasts the most bloody and ferocious projects of revenge , and , by a desperate effort , reconcile themselves with death . When their terrible resolution is taken , their eyes appear to flash fire , their countenance assumes an expression of preternatural fury ; and springing suddenly on their feet , they unsheath their daggers , plunge them into the heart of every one within their reach , and rushing out into the streets , deal wounds and murder as they run , until the arrow or dagger of some bold individual terminates their career . This is called running a muck .— Ibid . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . THE JEW 'S HARP . The memoirs of Madame de Genlis first made known the astonishing powers of a poor German soldier on the Jew 's harp . This musician was in the service of Frederick the Great , and finding himself one night on duty under the windows of the King , playing the Jew 's harp with so much skill , that Frederick , who was a great amateur of music , thought he heard a distinct orchestra . Surprised on learning that such an effect could be produced by a single man with two Jew 's harps , he ordered him into his presence ; the soldier refused , alleging , that he could only be relieved by his colonel ; and that if he obeyed , the king would punish him the next day , for having failed to do his duty . Being presented the following morning to Frederick , he was heard with admiration , and received his discharge and fifty dollars . This artist , whose name Madame de Genlis does not mention , is called Koch ; he has not any knowledge of music , but owes his success entirely to a natural taste . He has made his fortune by travelling about , and performing in public and private , and is now living retired at Vienna , at the advanced age of more than eighty years . He used two Jew 's harps at once , in the same manner as the peasants of the Tyrol , and produced , without doubt , the harmony of two notes struck at the same moment , which was considered by the musically-curious as somewhat extraordinary , when the limited powers of the instrument were remembered . It was Koch 's custom to require that all the lights should be extinguished , in order that the illusion produced by his playing might be increased . It was reserved , however , for Mr. Eulenstein to acquire a musical reputation from the Jew 's harp . After ten years of close application and study , this young artist has attained a perfect mastery over this untractable instrument . In giving some account of the Jew 's harp , considered as a medium for musical sounds , we shall only present the result of his discoveries . This little instrument , taken singly , gives whatever grave sound you may wish to produce , as a third , a fifth , or an octave . If the grave tonic is not heard in the bass Jew 's harp , it must be attributed , not to the defectiveness of the instrument , but to the player . In examining this result , you cannot help remarking the order and unity established by nature in harmonical bodies , which places music in the rank of exact sciences . The Jew 's harp has three different tones ; the bass tones of the first octave bear some resemblance to those of the flute and clarionet ; those of the middle and high , to the vox humana of some organs ; lastly , the harmonical sounds are exactly like those of the harmonica . It is conceived , that this diversity of tones affords already a great variety in the execution , which is always looked upon as being feeble and trifling , on account of the smallness of the instrument . It was not thought possible to derive much pleasure from any attempt which could be made to conquer the difficulties of so limited an instrument ; because , in the extent of these octaves , there were a number of spaces which could not be filled up by the talent of the player ; besides , the most simple modulation became impossible . Mr. Eulenstein has remedied that inconvenience , by joining sixteen Jew 's harps , which he tunes by placing smaller or greater quantities of sealing-wax at the extremity of the tongue . Each harp then sounds one of the notes of the gamut , diatonic or chromatic , and the performer can fill all the intervals , and pass all the tones , by changing the harp . That these mutations may not interrupt the measure , one harp must always be kept in advance , in the same manner as a good reader advances the eye , not upon the word which he pronounces , but upon that which follows .— Philosophy in Sport . FORM OF ANCIENT BOOKS , THEIR ILLUMINATIONS , & c . The mode of compacting the sheets of their books remained the same among the Greeks during a long course of time . The sheets were folded three or four together , and separately stitched : these parcels were then connected nearly in the same mode as is at present practised . Books were covered with linen , silk , or leather . The page was sometimes undivided ; sometimes it contained two , and in a few instances of very ancient MSS ., three columns . A peculiarity which attracts the eye in many Greek manuscripts , consists in the occurrence of capitals on the margin , some way in advance of the line to which they belong ; and this capital sometimes happens to be the middle letter of a word . For when a sentence finishes in the middle of a line , the initial of the next is not distinguished , that honour being conferred upon the incipient letter of the next line ; thus — THEGREEKSENTERING THEREGIONOFTHEMA CRONESFORMEDANAL LIANCEWITHTHEM. AS T HEPLEDGEOFTHEIR FAITHTHEBARBARIANS GAVEASPEAR . The Greeks , especially in the earliest times , divided their compositions into verses , or such short portions of sentences as we mark by a comma , each verse occupying a line ; and the number of these verses is often set down at the beginning or end of a book . The numbers of the verses were sometimes placed in the margin . Much intricacy and difficulty attends the subject of ancient punctuation ; nor could any satisfactory account of the rules and exceptions that have been gathered from existing MSS . be given , which should subserve the intention of this work . Generally speaking , though with frequent exceptions , the most ancient books have no separation of words , or punctuation of any kind ; others have a separation of words , but no punctuation ; in some , every word is separated from the following one by a point . In manuscripts of later date are found a regular punctuation , and marks of accentuation . These circumstances enter into the estimate when the antiquity of a book is under inquiry ; but the rules to be observed in considering them cannot be otherwise than recondite and intricate . Few ancient books are altogether destitute of decorations ; and many are splendidly adorned with pictorial ornaments . These consist either of flowery initials , grotesque cyphers , portraits , or even historical compositions . Sometimes diagrams , explanatory of the subjects mentioned by the author , are placed on the margin . Books written for the use of royal persons , or dignified ecclesiastics , usually contain the effigies of the proprietor , often attended by his family , and by some allegorical or celestial minister ; while the humble scribe , in monkish attire , kneels and presents the book to his patron . These illuminations , as they are called , almost always exhibit some costume of the times , or some peculiarity , which serves to mark the age of the manuscript . Indeed a fund of antiquarian information relative to the middle ages has been collected from this source . Many of these pictured books exhibit a high degree of executive talent in the artist , yet labouring under the restraints of a barbarous taste .— Taylor 's History of the Transmission of Ancient Books to Modern Times . SOUTHERN AFRICAN ELOQUENCE . “ It is clear that it is our best policy to march against the enemy before he advances . Let not our towns be the seat of war ; let not our houses be stained with bloodshed ; let the blood of the enemy be spilt at a distance from our wives and children . Yet some of you talk ignorantly ; your words are the words of children or of men confounded . I am left almost alone ; my two brothers have abandoned me ; they have taken wives from another nation , and allow their wives to direct them ; their wives are their kings ! ” Then turning towards his younger brothers , he imprecated a curse upon them if they should follow the example of their elder brethren . Again addressing the people , he said , “ you walk over my head while I sleep , but you now see that the wise Mocooas respect me . Had they not been our friends , we must have fled ere now before the enemy . ” Turning to Wleeloqua , the eighth speaker , he said , “ I hear you , my father ; I understand you , my father ; your words are true and good for the ear . It is good that we be instructed by the Macooas . May evil overtake the disobedient ! May they be broken in pieces ! Be silent , ye women ! ” ( addressing them ,) “ ye who plague your husbands , who steal their goods , and give them to others , be silent ; and hinder not your husbands and children by your evil words . Be silent , ye kidney-eaters , [ 1 ] ( turning towards the old men ,) ye who are fit for nothing but to prowl about whenever an ox is killed . If our cattle are carried off , where will you get kidneys ? ” [ 1 ] The Bechnanas imagine that none who eat of the kidneys of the ox will have any offspring ; on this account , no one , except the aged , will taste-them . Hence the contemptuous term of “ kidney-eaters , ” synonymous with dotard . Then addressing the warriors , he said , “ there are many of you who do not deserve to eat out of a broken pot ; ye stubborn and stupid men ! consider what you have heard , and obey without murmuring . Hearken ! I command you , ye chiefs of the Matclhapees , Matclhoroos , Myrees , Barolongs , and Bamacootas , that ye proclaim through all your clans the proceedings of this day , and let none be ignorant . And again I say , ye warriors , prepare for the day of battle ; let your shields be strong , your quivers full of arrows , and your battle-axes sharp as hunger . ” Turning a second time towards the old men and women , he said , “ prevent not the warrior from going forth to battle , by your timid counsels . No ! rouse up the warrior to glory , and he shall return to you with honourable scars ; fresh marks of valour shall cover his thigh ; [ 2 ] and then we shall renew the war-song and dance , and rehearse the story of our achievements . ” [ 2 ] The warriors receive a new scar on the thigh for every enemy they kill in battle . CHARACTER OF PITT . By the late Right Hon . G. Canning . The character of this illustrious statesman early passed its ordeal . Scarcely had he attained the age at which reflection commences , than Europe with astonishment beheld him filling the first place in the councils of his country , and manage the vast mass of its concerns with all the vigour and steadiness of the most matured wisdom . Dignity , strength , discretion , these were among the masterly qualities of his mind at its first dawn . He had been nurtured a statesman , and his knowledge was of that kind which always lies ready for practical application . Not dealing in the subtleties of abstract politics , but moving in the slow , steady procession of reason , his conceptions were reflective , and his views correct . Habitually attentive to the concerns of government , he spared no pains to acquaint himself with whatever was connected , however minutely , with its prosperity . He was devoted to the state : its interests engrossed all his study , and engaged all his care : it was the element alone in which he seemed to live and move . He allowed himself but little recreation from his labours ; his mind was always on its station , and his activity was unremitted . He did not hastily adopt a measure , nor hastily abandon it . The plan struck out by him for the preservation of Europe was the result of prophetic wisdom and profound policy . But though defeated in many respects by the selfish ambition and short-sighted imbecility of foreign powers , whose rulers were too venal or too weak to follow the flight of that mind which would have taught them to outwing the storm , the policy involved in it was still a secret operation on the conduct of surrounding states . His plans were full of energy , and the principles which inspired them looked beyond the consequences of the hour . In a period of change and convulsion , the most perilous in the history of Great Britain , when sedition stalked abroad , and when the emissaries of France and the abettors of her regicide factions formed a league powerful from their number , and formidable by their talent , in that awful crisis the promptitude of his measures saved his country . He knew nothing of that timid and wavering cast of mind which dares not abide by its own decision . He never suffered popular prejudice or party clamour to turn him aside from any measure which his deliberate judgment had adopted ; he had a proud reliance on himself , and it was justified . Like the sturdy warrior leaning on his own battle , axe , conscious where his strength lay , he did not readily look beyond it . As a debater in the House of Commons , his speeches were logical and argumentative : if they did not often abound in the graces of metaphor , or sparkle with the brilliancy of wit , they were always animated , elegant , and classical . The strength of his oratory was intrinsic ; it presented the rich and abundant resource of a clear discernment and a correct taste . His speeches are stampt with inimitable marks of originality . When replying to his opponents , his readiness was not more conspicuous than his energy : he was always prompt and always dignified . He could sometimes have recourse to the sportiveness of irony , but he did not often seek any other aid than was to be derived from an arranged and extensive knowledge of his subject . This qualified him fully to discuss the arguments of others , and forcibly to defend his own . Thus armed , it was rarely in the power of his adversaries , mighty as they were , to beat him from the field . His eloquence , occasionally rapid , electric , vehement , was always chaste , winning , and persuasive , not awing into acquiescence , but arguing into conviction . His understanding was bold and comprehensive : nothing seemed too remote for its reach , or too large for its grasp . Unallured by dissipation , and unswayed by pleasure , he never sacrificed the national treasure to the one , or the national interest to the other . To his unswerving integrity the most authentic of all testimony is to be found in that unbounded public confidence which followed him throughout the whole of his political career . Absorbed as he was in the pursuits of public life , he did not neglect to prepare himself in silence for that higher destination , which is at once the incentive and reward of human virtue . His talents , superior and splendid as they were , never made him forgetful of that eternal wisdom from which they emanated . The faith and fortitude of his last moments were affecting and exemplary . In his forty-seventh year , and in the meridian of his fame , he died on the twenty-third of January , one thousand eight hundred and six . THE LECTURER VERTIGO , OR GIDDINESS . Vertigo , or giddiness , though unattended with pain , is , in general , of a more dangerous nature than the severest headach . Vertigo consists in a disturbance of the voluntary power , and in some degree of sensation , especially of vision ; and thus it shows itself to be an affection of the brain itself ; while mere pain in the head does not necessarily imply this , it being for the most part an affection of the membranes only . In vertigo , objects that are fixed appear to be in motion , or to turn round , as the name implies . The patient loses his balance , and is inclined to fall down . It often is followed immediately by severe headach . Vertigo is apt to recur , and thus often becomes frequent and habitual . After a time the mental powers become impaired , and complete idiocy often follows ; as was the case in the celebrated Dean Swift . It frequently terminates in apoplexy or palsy , from the extension of disease in the brain . Causes .— Vertigo is induced by whatever is capable of disturbing suddenly the circulation of the brain , whether in the way of increase or diminution : thus the approach of syncope , whether produced by loss of blood , or a feeling of nausea ; blows on the head , occasioning a concussion of the brain ; stooping ; swinging ; whirling ; or other unusual motions of the body , as in sailing , are the ordinary exciting causes of the disease . Vertigo is exceedingly frequent at an advanced period of life , and generally indicates the approach and formation of disease in the brain . Accordingly , it is a frequent forerunner of apoplexy and palsy . The immediate or proximate cause of giddiness , or vertigo , that is , the actual condition of the brain at the moment , is probably some partial disturbance in the circulation there ; which all the occasional causes mentioned are obviously calculated to produce . It is more or less dangerous , according to the cause inducing it , and the state of the brain itself , which may be sound or otherwise . And as this cannot be certainly known , nor the extent of it when actually present , the event is of course uncertain . At all times , your prognosis should be guarded ; because vertigo seldom occurs under favourable circumstances of age and general health ; unless when produced by so slight a cause as bloodletting , or a trifling blow upon the head . Whenever vertigo recurs frequently , and at an advanced period of life ; and more particularly when it is accompanied with drowsiness ; weakness of the voluntary muscles ; impaired memory , or judgment ; or , in short , any other disturbance or imperfection in the state of the sensorial functions ; an unfavourable result is to be expected ; because all these afford decisive evidence of a considerable degree and extent of disease in the brain — Dr. Clutterbuck 's Lectures on the Nervous System . BATHING In this season of the year , a few hints on the temperature of the body prior to cold immersion , may not unaptly be furnished . It is commonly supposed , that if a person have made himself warm with walking , or any other exercise , he must wait till he becomes cooled before he should plunge into the cold water . Dr. Currie , however , has shown that this is an erroneous idea , and that in the earlier stages of exercise , before profuse perspiration has dissipated the heat , and fatigue debilitated the living power , nothing is more safe , according to his experience , than the cold bath . This is so true , that the same author constantly directed infirm persons to use such a degree of exercise before emersion , as might produce increased action of the vascular system , with some increase of heat ; and thus secure a force of re-action under the shock , which otherwise might not always take place . The popular opinion , that it is safest to go perfectly cool into the water , is founded on erroneous notions , and is sometimes productive of injurious consequences . Thus , persons heated and beginning to perspire , often think it necessary to wait on the edge of the bath until they are perfectly cooled . USEFUL DOMESTIC HINTS TAINTED MEAT Meat tainted to an extreme degree may be speedily restored by washing it in cold water , and afterwards in strong camomile tea ; after which it may be sprinkled with salt , and used the following day ; or if steeped and well washed in beer , it will make pure and sweet soup even after being fly-blown . TO BREW THREE BARRELS OF PORTER . Take one quarter of high-dried malt , with one or two pecks of patent malt ; mash in the same manner as directed for beer . Add the following ingredients : eight pounds of good hops , one pound of liquorice root , two pounds of Spanish juice , half a pound of ground ginger , one pound of salt , eight ounces of hartshorn shavings , and four ounces of porter extract . Separate the hops , and run the wort on them ; when placed in the copper , and in a state of ebullition , infuse the whole of the other ingredients . Let it boil about one hour , or till you discover the surface of the liquor to become flaky , and the wort broken ; then take it from the copper and strain it into the coolers . Now proceed in the usual way till it be fit to rack , which will be in about a fortnight ; draw it off into another vat , in which let it remain three hours to settle , and in the mean time wash the cask quite clean ; draw from the vat the contents , and return them to the cask , leaving the sediment that has lodged during the three hours . If the colour be not full enough , add , when racking , some brandy colouring , which soon gives to it that pleasing appearance peculiar to good porter . Do not fill the cask quite full ; bung it close the following day , but leave the peg-hole open for a few days , or a week , according to the state of the atmosphere ; peg it when you think it is fine ; and if it appear to be fast approaching to clearness , and has stood long enough for the attainment of maturity , tap it , and draw it quickly ; for porter , in cask , always requires a quick draught , and when it gets flat bottle it off as soon as possible . It will improve greatly by standing a few months in the bottle .— The Vintner 's Guide . WELSH ALE . Pour forty-two gallons of water , hot , but not quite boiling , on eight bushels of malt ; cover , and let it stand three hours . In the mean time infuse four pounds of hops in a little hot water ; and put the water and hops into the tub , and run the wort upon them , and boil them together three hours . Strain off the hops , and keep for the small beer . Let the wort stand in a high tub till cool enough to receive the yeast , of which put two quarts of ale , or , if you cannot get it , of small-beer yeast . Mix it thoroughly and often . When the wort has done working , the second or third day the yeast will sink rather than rise in the middle ; remove it then , and turn the ale as it works out ; pour a quart in at a time , and gently , to prevent the fermentation from continuing too long , which weakens the liquor . Put a bit of paper over the bung-hole two or three days before stopping up .— Ibid . MILK PUNCH . Pare six oranges and six lemons , as thin as you can ; grate them after with sugar to get the flavour . Steep the peels in a bottle of rum or brandy , stopped close , twenty-four hours ; squeeze the fruit on two pounds of sugar ; add to it four quarts of water , and one of new milk , boiling hot ; stir the rum into the above , and run it through a jelly-bag till perfectly clear . Bottle , and cork close immediately .— Ibid . EXCELLENT LEMONADE . To the rinds of ten lemons , pared very thin , put one pound of fine loaf-sugar , and two quarts of spring-water , boiling hot ; stir it to dissolve the sugar ; let it stand twenty-four hours , covered close ; then squeeze in the juice of the ten lemons ; add one pint of white wine ; boil a pint of new milk , pour it hot on the ingredients ; when cold , run it through a close filtering-bag , when it will be fit for immediate use .— Ibid . ARTS AND SCIENCES . ATTRACTION . Logs of wood floating in a pond approach each other , and afterwards remain in contact . The wreck of a ship , in a smooth sea after a storm , is often seen gathered into heaps . Two bullets or plummets , suspended by strings near to each other , are found by the delicate test of the torison balance to attract each other , and therefore not to hang quite perpendicularly . A plummet suspended near the side of a mountain , inclines towards it in a degree proportioned to its magnitude ; as was ascertained by the wellknown trials of Dr. Maskeleyne near the mountain Skehalion , in Scotland . And the reason why the plummet tends much more strongly towards the earth than towards the hill , is only that the earth is larger than the hill . And at New South Wales , which is a point on our globe nearly opposite to England , plummets hang and fall towards the centre of the globe , exactly as they do here , so that they are hanging up and falling towards England , and the people there are standing with their feet towards us . Weight , therefore , is merely general attraction acting every where . It is owing to this general attraction that our earth is a globe . All its parts being drawn towards each other , that is , towards the common centre , the mass assumes the spherical or rounded form . And the moon also is round , and all the planets are round ; the glorious sun , so much larger than all these , is round ; proving , that all must at one time have been fluid , and that they are all subject to the same law . Other instances of roundness from this cause are — the particles of a mist or fog floating in air ; these mutually attracting and coalescing into larger drops , and forming rain ; dew drops ; water trickling on a duck 's wing ; the tear-dropping from the cheek ; drops of laudanum ; globules of mercury , like pure silver beads , coalescing when near , and forming larger ones ; melted lead allowed to rain down from an elevated sieve , which cools as it descends , so as to retain the form of its liquid drops , and become the spherical shot lead of the sportsman . The cause of the extraordinary phenomenon , which we call attraction , acts at all distances . The moon , though 240 , 000 miles from the earth , by her attraction raises the water of the ocean under her , and forms what we call the tide . The sun , still farther off , has a similar influence ; and when the sun and moon act in the same direction , we have the spring tides . The planets , those apparently little wandering points in the heaven , yet affect , by their attraction , the motion of our earth in her orbit , quickening it when she is approaching them , retarding it when she is receding .— Arnott 's Natural Philosophy . THE GATHERER “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton . CITY FEASTING . The following is the bill of fare for the Court of Assistants of the Worshipful the Company of Wax Chandlers , London , 1478 :— Two loins of veal , and two loins of mutton , 1s . 4d . ; one loin of beef , 4d . ; one dozen of pigeons and one dozen of rabbits , 9d . ; one pig and one capon , 1s . ; one goose and a hundred eggs , 1s . 1 / 2d . ; one leg of mutton , 2-1 / 2d . ; two gallons of sack , 1s . 4d . ; eight gallons of strong ale , 1s . 6d .— 7s . 6d . The fathers of the church considered the earth as a great ship , surrounded by water , with the prow to the east and the stern to the west . We still find in Cosmas , a monk of the fourteenth century , a sort of geographical chart , in which , the earth has this figure . Even among the ancients , though many of their geometricians had acknowledged the sphericity of the globe , it was for a long time imagined that the earth was a third longer than it was broad , and thence arose the terms of longitude and latitude . St. Athanasius expresses himself most warmly against astronomers . “ Let us stop the mouths of these barbarians , ” he exclaims , “ who , speaking without proof , dare assert that the heavens also extend under the earth . ” Augustus gave an admirable example how a person who sends a challenge should be treated . When Marc Antony , after the battle of Actium , defied him to single combat , his answer to the messenger who brought it was , “ Tell Marc Antony , if he be weary of life , there are other ways to end it ; I shall not take the trouble of becoming his executioner . ” An Irish gentleman , whose lady had absconded from him , cautioned the public against trusting her in these words :— “ My wife has eloped from me without rhyme or reason , and I desire no one will trust her on my account , for I am not married to her . ” The Duke of Biron heard the decree for his instant death pronounced by the Revolutionary Tribunal , 1793 , with unmoved tranquillity . On returning to prison , his philosophy maintained that character of Epicurean indifference which had accompanied his happier years ; he ordered some oysters and white wine . The executioner entered as he was taking this last repast . “ My friend , ” said the duke , “ I will attend you ; but you must let me finish my oysters . You must require strength for the business you have to perform : you shall drink a glass of wine with me . ” He filled a glass for the executioner , another for the turnkey , and one for himself , and went to the place of execution , where he met death with the courage that distinguished almost all the victims of that fearful period . A Gascon boasted in every company that he was descended from so ancient a family , that he was still paying at that very day the interest of a sum which his ancestors had borrowed to pay their expenses when they went to adore our Saviour at Bethlehem . There is now living in Pontenovo , in Corsica , a shepherdess , who successively refused the hand of Augereau , then a corporal , and of Bernadotte , then a sergeant in that island . She little dreamt that she was declining to be a marechale of France or the queen of Sweden ! Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset-House ,) and sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers .