THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 10 , No . 282 .] SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 10 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d . ARCHITECTURAL ILLUSTRATIONS . NO . III . HANOVER TERRACE , REGENT 'S PARK . “ The architectural spirit which has arisen in London since the late peace , and ramified from thence to every city and town of the empire , will present an era in our domestic history . ” Such is the opinion of an intelligent writer in a recent number of Brande 's “ Quarterly Journal ; ” and he goes on to describe the new erections in the Regent 's Park as the “ dawning of a new and better taste , and in comparison with that which preceded it , a just subject of national exultation ; ” in illustration of which fact we have selected the subjoined view of Hanover Terrace , being the last group on the left of the York-gate entrance , and that next beyond Sussex-place , distinguishable by its cupola tops . Hanover Terrace , unlike Cornwall and other terraces of the Regent 's Park , is somewhat raised from the level of the road , and fronted by a shrubbery , through which is a carriage-drive . The general effect of the terrace is pleasing ; and the pediments , supported on an arched rustic basement by fluted Doric columns , are full of richness and chaste design ; the centre representing an emblematical group of the arts and sciences , the two ends being occupied with antique devices ; and the three surmounted with figures of the Muses . The frieze is also light and simply elegant . The architect is Mr. Nash , to whose classic taste the Regent 's Park is likewise indebted for other interesting architectural groups . Altogether , Hanover Terrace may be considered as one of the most splendid works of the neighbourhood , and it is alike characteristic of British opulence , and of the progressive improvement of national taste . On the general merits of these erections we shall avail ourselves of the author already quoted , inasmuch as his remarks are uniformly distinguished by moderation and good taste . “ Regent 's Park , and its circumjacent buildings , promise , in few years , to afford something like an equipoise to the boasted Palace-group of Paris . If the plan already acted upon is steadily pursued , it will present a union of rural and architectural beauty on a scale of greater magnificence than can be found in any other place . The variety is here in the detached groups , and not as formerly in the individual dwellings , by which all unity and grandeur of effect was , of course , annihilated . These groups , undoubtedly , will not always bear the eye of a severe critic , but altogether they exhibit , perhaps , as much beauty as can easily be introduced into a collection of dwelling-houses of moderate size . Great care has been taken to give something of a classical air to every composition ; and with this object , the deformity of door-cases has been in most cases excluded , and the entrances made from behind . The Doric and Ionic orders have been chiefly employed ; but the Corinthian , and even the Tuscan , are occasionally introduced . One of these groups is finished with domes ; but this is an attempt at magnificence which , on so small a scale , is not deserving of imitation . ” THE ISLE OF SHEPPEY . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) Sir ,— Under the Arcana of Science , in your last Number , I observed an account of the inroads made by the sea on the Isle of Sheppey , together with the exhumation there of numerous animal and vegetable remains . As an additional fact I inform you , that , at about three hundred feet below the surface of the sand-bank , ( of which the island is composed ,) there is a vast prostrate antediluvian forest , masses of which are being continually developed by the influence of marine agency , and exhibit highly singular appearances . When the workmen were employed some years back in sinking a well to supply the garrison with water , the aid of gunpowder was required to blast the fossil timber , it having attained , by elementary action and the repose of ages , the hard compactness of rock or granite stone . Aquatic productions also appear to observation in their natural shape and proportion , with the advantage of high preservation , to facilitate the study of the inquiring philosopher . I have seen entire lobsters , eels , crabs , & c. all transformed into perfect lapidifications . Many of these interesting bodies have been selected , and at the present time tend to enrich the elaborate collections of the Museum of London and the Institute of France . During the winter of 1825 , in examining a piece of petrified wood , which I had picked up on the shore , we discovered a very minute aperture , barely the size of a pin-hole , and on breaking the substance by means of a large hammer , to our surprise and regret we crushed a small reptile that was concealed inside , and which , in consequence , we were unfortunately prevented from restoring to its original shape . The body was of a circular shape and iron coloured ; but from the blood which slightly moistened the face of the instrument , we were satisfied it must have been animated . I showed the fragments of both to a gentleman in the island , who , like myself , lamented the accident , as it had , in all likelihood , deprived science of forming some valuable ( perhaps ) deductions on this incarcerated , or ( if I may be allowed the expression ) compound phenomenon . I have merely related the above incident in order to show the possibility of there being other creatures accessible to discovery under similar circumstances , and in their nature , perhaps homogeneous . I left the island next day , and therefore had no further opportunities of confirming such an opinion ; but the place itself abounds with substances which would authorize such conjectures . D. A. P. [ 1 ] [ 1 ] We thank our correspondent for the above communication on one of the most interesting phenomena of British geology ; for , as we hinted in our last , the pleasantest hours of our sojourn at Margate , about three years since , were passed in the watchmaker 's museum , nearly opposite the Marine Library , which collection contains many Sheppey fossils , especially a prawn , said to be the only one in England . We remember the proprietor to have been a self-educated man : he had been to the museum at Paris twice or thrice , and spoke in high terms of the courteous reception he met with from M Cuvier ; and we are happy to corroborate his representations . With respect to the reptile , or , as we should say , insect , alluded to in the preceding letter , we suppose it to have been a vermicular insect , similar to those inhabiting the cells of corallines , of whose tiny labours , in the formation of coral islands , we quoted a spirited poetical description in No . 279 of the MIRROR . Corallines much resemble fossil or petrified wood ; and we recollect to have received from the landlady of an inn at Portsmouth a small branch of fossil wood , which she asserted to be coral , and that upon the authority of scores of her visiters ; but the fibres , & c. of the wood were too evident to admit of a dispute . ANTICIPATED FRENCH MILLENNIUM , OR THE PARISIAN “ TRIVIA . ” ( For The Mirror .) “ Travellers of that rare tribe , Who 've seen the countries they describe . ” HANNAH MORE . When daudling diligences drag Their lumbering length along [ 2 ] no more — That odd anomaly !— or wag Gon call 'd , or coach — a misnomer [ 3 ] — That Cerberus three-bodied ! and That Cerberus of music ! Such rattle with their nine-in-hand ! O , Cerbere , an tu sic ? When this , ( and of Long Acre wits To rival this would floor some !) When this at last the Frenchman quits . Then ! then is the age d'or come ! When coxcomb waiters know their trade , Nor mix their sauces [ 4 ] with cookey 's ; When John 's no longer chamber maid , And printed well a book is . When sorrel , garlic , dirty knife , Et cetera , spoil no dinners — ( The punishment is after life , Are cooks to punish sinners ?) When bucks are safe , nor streets display A sea Mediterranean ; [ 5 ] When Cloacina wends her way In streamlet sub-terranean . When houses , inside well as out , Are clean , [ 6 ] and servants civil ; [ 7 ] When dice ( if e'er ‘ twill be I doubt ) Send fewer — to the devil . When riot ends , and comfort reigns , Right English comfort [ 8 ] — players Are fetter 'd with no rhythmic [ 9 ] chains — French priests repeat French prayers . [ 10 ] When Palais Royal vice subsides , [ 11 ] ( Who plays there 's a complete ass —) When footpaths grow on highway sides [ 12 ] — Then ! then 's the Aurea-Aetas ! There , France , I leave thee .— Jean Taureau ! [ 13 ] What think'st thou of thy neighbours ? Or ( what I own I 'd rather know ) What — think'st thou of MY LABOURS ? A TRAVELLER OF 1827 , ( W. P .) Carshalton . [ 2 ] “ Which , like a wounded snake , drags its slow length along ” — POPE . [ 3 ] It is , indeed , difficult to avoid one , call it what you will , and quite as difficult to find a more absurd name than that adopted , unless , indeed , ( why the machine goes but five miles an hour ,) it is called a diligence from not being diligent , as the speaker of our House of Commons may be so designated from not speaking . It consists of three bodies , carries eighteen inside , and is not unfrequently drawn by nine horses . A cavalry charge , therefore , could scarcely make more noise . Hence , and from the other circumstance , its association in the second stanza with the triune sonorous Cerberus . A diligence indeed ! [ 4 ] The intrusive garrulity of French waiters at dinner is notorious . [ 5 ] This “ sea Mediterranean ” is a most filthy , fetid , uncovered gutter , running down the middle of the most , even of the best streets , and with which every merciless Jehu most liberally bespatters the unhappy pedestrian . Truly la belle nation has little idea of decency , or there would be subterranean sewers like ours . [ 6 ] French houses are cleaner even than ours externally , being all neatly whitewashed ! mais le dedans ! le dedans ! [ 7 ] The servants are as notorious for their incivility as for their intrusive loquacity . [ 8 ] As Scott well observes in the introduction to Waverley , “ the word comfortable is peculiar to the English language . ” The thing is certainly peculiar to us , if the word is not . [ 9 ] All the tragedies are in rhyme , and that of the very worst description for elocutionary effect . It is the anapestic , like , as Hannah More remarks , “ A cobbler there was , and he lived in a stall ! ” [ 10 ] It is scarcely necessary to remark , that the absurdity ( exploded in England at the Reformation ) of a Latin liturgy still obtains in France . [ 11 ] The Palais Royal ! that pandemonium of profligacy ! whose gaming tables have eternally ruined so many of our countrymen ! So many , that he who , unwarned by their sad experience , plays at them , is — is he not ?— “ complete ass . ” [ 12 ] There are none , even in the leading streets ; our ambassador 's , for instance . [ 13 ] As the Etoile lately translated John Bull . “ When John 's no longer chamber-maid . ” Of the propria quae maribus of French domestic economy , this is not the least amusing feature . At my hotel ( in Rue St. Honor é) there was a he bed-maker ; and I do believe the anomalous animal is not uncommon . “ When printed well a book is . ” Both paper and types are very inferior to ours . But that I respect the editor 's modesty , I would say it were not easy to find a periodical in Paris , at once so handsomely and economically got up as — this MIRROR . CARRYING THE TAR BARRELS AT BROUGH , WESTMORELAND . ( To The Editor Of The Mirror .) SIR ,— In the haste in which I wrote my last account of the carrying of “ tar barrels ” in Westmoreland , [ 14 ] ( owing to the pressure of time ,) I omitted some most interesting information , and I think I cannot do better than supply the deficiency this year . As I said before , the day is prepared for , about a month previously — the townsmen employ themselves in hagging furze for the “ bon-fire , ” which is situated in an adjoining field . Another party go round to the different houses , grotesquely attired , supplicating contributions for the “ tar barrels , ” and at each house , after receiving a donation , chant a few doggerel verses and huzza ! It is , however , well that people should contribute towards defraying the expense , for if they do not get enough money they commit sad depredations , and if any one is seen carrying a barrel they wrest it from him . For my part , I liked the “ watch night ” the best , and if it were possible to keep sober , one might enjoy the fun — sad havoc indeed was then made among the poultry — when ducks and fowls were crackling before the fire all night ; in fact , a few previous days were regular shooting days , and the little birds were killed by scores . But ere morning broke in upon them , many of the merry group were lying in a beastly state under the chairs and tables , or others had gone to bed ; but this is what they called spending a merry night . The day arrives , and a whole troop of temporary soldiers assemble in the town at 10 P. M. with their borrowed instruments and dresses , and a real Guy ,— not a paper one ,— but a living one — a regular painted old fellow , I assure you , with a pair of boots like the Ogre 's seven leagued , seated on an ass , with the mob continually bawling out , “ there 's a par o'ye ! ” Thus they parade the town — one of the head leaders knocks at the door — repeats the customary verses , while the other holds a silken purse for the cash , which they divide amongst them after the expenses are paid — and a pretty full purse they get too . In the evening so anxious are they to fire the stack , that lanterns may be seen glimmering in all parts of the field like so many will-o ’ - the-wisps ; then follow the tar barrels , and after this boisterous amusement the scene closes , save the noise throughout the night , and for some nights after of the drunken people , who very often repent their folly by losing their situations . Now , respecting the origin of this custom , I merely , by way of hint , submit , that in the time of Christian martyrdom , as tar barrels were used for the “ burning at the stake ” to increase the ravages of the flame :— the custom is derived ,— out of rejoicings for the abolition of the horrid practice , and this they show by carrying them on their heads ( as represented at page 296 , vol . 8 .) , but you may treat this suggestion as you please , and perhaps have the kindness to substitute your own , or inquire into it . W. H. H . [ 14 ] See MIRROR , vol . 8 , page 296 . CUSTOM OF BAKING SOUR CAKES . ( For The Mirror .) Rutherglen , in the county of Lanarkshire , has long been famous for the singular custom of baking what are called sour cakes . About eight or ten days before St. Luke 's fair ( for they are baked at no other time in the year ) , a certain quantity of oatmeal is made into dough with warm water , and laid up in a vessel to ferment . Being brought to a proper degree of fermentation and consistency , it is rolled up into balls proportionable to the intended largeness of the cakes . With the dough is commonly mixed a small quantity of sugar , and a little aniseed or cinnamon . The baking is executed by women only ; and they seldom begin their work till after sunset , and a night or two before the fair . A large space of the house , chosen for the purpose , is marked out by a line drawn upon it . The area within is considered as consecrated ground , and is not , by any of the bystanders , to be touched with impunity . The transgression incurs a small fine , which is always laid out in drink for the use of the company . This hallowed spot , is occupied by six or eight women , all of whom , except the toaster , seat themselves on the ground , in a circular form , having their feet turned towards the fire . Each of them is provided with a bakeboard about two feet square , which they hold on their knees . The woman who toasts the cakes , which is done on an iron plate suspended over the fire , is called the queen , or bride , and the rest are called her maidens . These are distinguished from one another by names given them for the occasion . She who sits next the fire , towards the east , is called the todler ; her companion on the left hand is called the trodler ; [ 15 ] and the rest have arbitrary names given them by the bride , as Mrs. Baker , best and worst maids , & c. The operation is begun by the todler , who takes a ball of the dough , forms it into a cake , and then casts it on the bakeboard of the trodler , who beats it out a little thinner . This being done , she , in her turn , throws it on the board of her neighbour ; and thus it goes round , from east to west , in the direction of the course of the sun , until it comes to the toaster , by which time it is as thin and smooth as a sheet of paper . The first cake that is cast on the girdle is usually named as a gift to some man who is known to have suffered from the infidelity of his wife , from a superstitious notion , that thereby the rest will be preserved from mischance . Sometimes the cake is so thin , as to be carried by the current of the air up into the chimney . As the baking is wholly performed by the hand , a great deal of noise is the consequence . The beats , however , are not irregular , nor destitute of an agreeable harmony , especially when they are accompanied with vocal music , which is frequently the case . Great dexterity is necessary , not only to beat out the cakes with no other instrument than the hand , so that no part of them shall be thicker than another , but especially to cast them from one board to another without ruffling or breaking them . The toasting requires considerable skill ; for which reason the most experienced person in the company is chosen for that part of the work . One cake is sent round in quick succession to another , so that none of the company is suffered to be idle . The whole is a scene of activity , mirth , and diversion . As there is no account , even by tradition itself , concerning the origin of this custom , it must be very ancient . The bread thus baked was , doubtless , never intended for common use . It is not easy to conceive how mankind , especially in a rude age , would strictly observe so many ceremonies , and be at so great pains in making a cake , which , when folded together , makes but a scanty mouthful . [ 16 ] Besides , it is always given away in presents to strangers who frequent the fair . The custom seems to have been originally derived from paganism , and to contain not a few of the sacred rites peculiar to that impure religion ; as the leavened dough , and the mixing it with sugar and spices , the consecrated ground , & c .; but the particular deity , for whose honour these cakes were at first made , is not , perhaps , easy to determine . Probably it was no other than the one known in Scripture ( Jer . 7 ch . 18 v .) by the name of the Queen of Heaven , and to whom cakes were likewise kneaded by women . J. S. W . [ 15 ] These names are descriptive of the manner in which the women , so called , perform their part of the work , To todle , is to walk or move slowly , like a child ; to trodle , is to walk or move more quickly . [ 16 ] From our Correspondent 's description of these cakes , we suppose them to resemble the wafers sold by the confectioners , except in the elegant designs on their surface . SONG . FROM METASTATIO . ( For The Mirror .) How in the depth of winter rude A lovely flower is prized , Which in the month of April view 'd , Perhaps has been despised . How fair amid the shades of night Appears the stars ’ pale ray ; Behold the sun 's more dazzling light , It quickly fades away . E. L. I . THE ORIGIN OF PETER 'S PENCE . ( For The Mirror .) The custom of paying “ Peter 's pence ” is of Saxon origin ; and they continued to be paid by the inhabitants of England , till the abolition of the Papal power . The event by which their payment was enacted is as follows :— Ethelbert , king of the east angles , having reigned single some time , thought fit to take a wife ; for this purpose he came to the court of Offa , king of Mercia , to desire his daughter in marriage . Queenrid , consort of Offa , a cruel , ambitious , and blood-thirsty woman , who envied the retinue and splendour of the unsuspicious king , resolved in some manner to have him murdered , before he left their court , hoping by that to gain his immense riches ; for this purpose she , with her malicious and fascinating arts , overcame the king — her husband , which she most cunningly effected , and , under deep disguises , laid open to him her portentous design ; a villain was therefore hired , named Gimberd , who was to murder the innocent prince . The manner in which the heinous crime was effected was as cowardly as it was fatal : under the chair of state in which Ethelbert sat , a deep pit was dug ; at the bottom of it was placed the murderer ; the unfortunate king was then let through a trap-door into the pit ; his fear overcame him so much , that he did not attempt resistance . Three months after this , Queenrid died , when circumstances convinced Offa of the innocence of Ethelbert ; he therefore , to appease his guilt , built St. Alban 's monastery , gave one-tenth part of his goods to the poor , and went in penance to Rome — where he gave to the Pope a penny for every house in his dominions , which were afterwards called Rome shot , or Peter 's pence , and given by the inhabitants of England , & c. till 1533 , when Henry VIII . shook off the authority of the Pope in this country . T. C . ARCANA OF SCIENCE . Black And White Swans . A few weeks since a black swan was killed by his white companions , in the neighbourhood of London . Of this extraordinary circumstance , an eye-witness gives the following account :— I was walking , between four and five o'clock on Saturday afternoon , in the Regent 's Park , when my attention was attracted by an unusual noise on the water , which I soon ascertained to arise from a furious attack made by two white swans on the solitary black one . The allied couple pursued with the greatest ferocity the unfortunate rara avis , and one of them succeeded in getting the neck of his enemy between his bill , and shaking it violently . The poor black with difficulty extricated himself from this murderous grasp , hurried on shore , tottered a few paces from the water 's edge , and fell . His death appeared to be attended with great agony , stretching his neck in the air , fluttering his wings , and attempting to rise from the ground . At length , after about five minutes of suffering , he made a last effort to rise , and fell with outstretched neck and wings . One of the keepers came up at the moment , and found the poor bird dead . It is remarkable , that his foes never left the water in pursuit , but continued sailing up and down to the spot wherein their victim fell , with every feather on end , and apparently proud of their conquest . Fascination Of Snakes . I have often heard stories about the power that snakes have to charm birds and animals , which , to say the least , I always treated with the coldness of scepticism , nor could I believe them until convinced by ocular demonstration . A case occurred in Williamsburgh , Massachussets , one mile south of the house of public worship , by the way-side , in July last . As I was walking in the road at noon-day , my attention was drawn to the fence by the fluttering and hopping of a robin red-breast , and a cat-bird , which , upon my approach , flew up , and perched on a sapling two or three rods distant ; at this instant a large black snake reared his head from the ground near the fence . I immediately stepped back a little , and sat down upon an eminence ; the snake in a few moments slunk again to the earth , with a calm , placid appearance ; and the birds soon after returned , and lighted upon the ground near the snake , first stretching their wings upon the ground , and spreading their tails , they commenced fluttering round the snake , drawing nearer at almost every step , until they stepped near or across the snake , which would often move a little , or throw himself into a different posture , apparently to seize his prey ; which movements , I noticed , seemed to frighten the birds , and they would veer off a few feet , but return again as soon as the snake was motionless . All that was wanting for the snake to secure the victims seemed to be , that the birds should pass near his head , which they would probably have soon done , but at this moment a wagon drove up and stopped . This frightened the snake , and it crawled across the fence into the grass : notwithstanding , the birds flew over the fence into the grass also , and appeared to be bewitched , to flutter around their charmer , and it was not until an attempt was made to kill the snake that the birds would avail themselves of their wings , and fly into a forest one hundred rods distant . The movements of the birds while around the snake seemed to be voluntary , and without the least constraint ; nor did they utter any distressing cries , or appear enraged , as I have often seen them when squirrels , hawks , and mischievous boys attempted to rob their nests , or catch their young ones ; but they seemed to be drawn by some allurement or enticement , and not by any constraining or provoking power ; indeed , I thoroughly searched all the fences and trees in the vicinity , to find some nest or young birds , but could find none . What this fascinating power is , whether it be the look or effluvium , or the singing by the vibration of the tail of the snake , or anything else , I will not attempt to determine — possibly this power may be owing to different causes in different kinds of snakes . But so far as the black snake is concerned , it seems to be nothing more than an enticement or allurement with which the snake is endowed to procure his fowl .— Professor Silliman 's Journal . Boring Marine Animals . The most destructive of these is the Teredo Navalis , a fine specimen of which was exhibited at a recent meeting of the Portsmouth Philosophical Society . This animal has been said to extend the whole length of the boring tube ; but this assertion is erroneous , since the tubes are formed by a secretion from the body of the animal , and are often many feet in length , and circuitous in their course . This was shown to be the fact , by a large piece of wood pierced in all directions . The manner in which it affects its passage , and the interior of the tubes , were also described . The assertion that the Teredo does not attack teak timber was disproved ; and its destructive ravages on the bottom of ships exemplified , by a relation of the providential escape of his majesty 's ship Sceptre , which having lost some copper from off her bows , the timbers were pierced through to such an extent as to render her incapable of pursuing her voyage without repair . Anthracite , or Stone Coal . Professor Silliman 's last journal contains a very important article , illustrative of the practical application of this mineral ; and the vast quantities of it that may be found in Great Britain renders the information highly valuable to our manufacturing interests . In no part of the world is anthracite , so valuable in the arts and for economical purposes , found so abundantly as in Pennsylvania . For the manufacture of iron this fuel is peculiarly advantageous , as it embraces little sulphur or other injurious ingredients ; produces an intense steady heat ; and , for most operations , it is equal , if not superior to coke . Bar iron , anchors , chains , steamboat machinery , and wrought-iron of every description , has more tenacity and malleability , with less waste of metal , when fabricated by anthracite , than by the aid of bituminous coal or charcoal , with a diminution of fifty per cent . in the expense of labour and fuel . For breweries , distilleries , and the raising of steam , anthracite coal is decidedly preferable to other fuel , the heat being more steady and manageable , and the boilers less corroded by sulphureous acid , while no bad effects are produced by smoke and bitumen . The anthracite of Pennsylvania is located between the Blue Bridge and Susquehannah ; and has not hitherto been found in other parts of the state , except in the valley of Wyoming . Holly Hedges . At Tynningham , the residence of the Earl of Harrington , are holly hedges extending 2 , 952 yards , in some cases 13 feet broad and 25 feet high . The age of these hedges is something more than a century . At the same place are individual trees of a size quite unknown in these southern districts . One tree measures 5 feet 3 in . in circumference at 3 feet from the ground ; the stem is clear of branches to the height of 14 feet , and the total height of the tree is 54 feet . At Colinton House , the seat of Sir David Forbes ; Hopetown House , and Gordon Castle are also several large groups of hollies , apparently planted by the hand of Nature .— Trans . Horticultural Society . Egg Plants . In this country , the egg plant , brinjal , or aubergine , is chiefly cultivated as a curiosity ; but in warmer climates , where its growth is attended with less trouble , it is a favourite article of the kitchen garden . In the form of fritters , or farces , or in soups , it is frequently brought to table in all the southern parts of Europe , and forms a pleasant variety of esculent .— Ibid . Vinegar Made From Black Ants . It is singular enough , that a discovery of modern chemistry should long have been practically employed in some parts of Norway , for the purpose of making vinegar from a large species of black ant . The method employed in Norlanden is simply this : they first collect a sufficient quantity of these little animals , by plunging a bottle partly filled with water up to the neck in one of the large ant-hills ; into which they naturally creep , and are drowned . The contents are then boiled together , and the acid thus produced is made use of by the inhabitants as vinegar , being strong and good . Soil For Fruit Trees . Low grounds that form the banks of rivers are , of all others , the best adapted for the growth of fruit trees ; the alluvial soil of which they are composed , being an intermixture of the richest and most soluble parts of the neighbouring lands , with a portion of animal and vegetable matter , affording an inexhaustible store of nourishment — Trans . Horticultural Society . Watch Alarum . A patent has recently been procured for a most useful appendage to a watch , for giving alarm at any hour during the night . Instead of encumbering a watch designed to be worn in the pocket with the striking apparatus , ( by which it would be increased to double the ordinary thickness ) , this ingenious invention has the alarum or striking part detached , and forming a bed on which the watch is to be laid ; a communication being made by a lever , projecting through the watch case , to connect the works . This appendage is described to be applicable to any watch of the usual construction , and is by no means expensive . THE MONTHS . Illustration NOVEMBER . November is associated with gloom , inasmuch as its days and nights are , for the most part , sullen and sad . But the transition to this gloom is slow , gradual , and almost imperceptible . The mornings of the month are generally foggy , and are thus described by a modern poet :— “ Not pleasureless the morn , when dismal fog Rolls o'er the dewy plain , or thin mist drives ; When the lone timber 's saturated branch Drips freely . ” In the progress of day , “ Shorn of his glory through the dim profound , With melancholy aspect looks the orb Of stifled day , and while he strives to pierce And dissipate the slow reluctant gloom , Seems but a rayless globe , an autumn moon , That gilds opaque the purple zone of eve , And yet distributes of her thrifty beam . Lo ! now he conquers ; now , subdued awhile , Awhile subduing , the departed mist Yields in a brighter beam , or darker clouds His crimson disk obscure . ” The country has now exchanged its refreshing varieties of greens for the hues of saffron , russet , and dark brown . “ The trees , ” says an amusing observer of nature , “ generally lose their leaves in the following succession :— walnut , mulberry , horse-chestnut , sycamore , lime , ash , then , after an interval , elm : “ —— ‘ To him who walks Now in the sheltered mead , loud roars above , Among the naked branches of the elm , Still freshening as the hurried cloud departs , The strong Atlantic gale . ’ “ Then beech and oak , then apple and peach trees , sometimes not till the end of November ; and lastly , pollard-oaks and young beeches , which retain their withered leaves till pushed off by the new ones in spring . ” The rural economy of the month is thus described by the same writer :— “ The farmer endeavours to finish his ploughing this month , and then lays up his instruments for the spring . Cattle are kept in the yard or stable , sheep turned into the turnip-field , or in bad weather fed with hay , bees moved under shelter , and pigeons fed in the dove-house . ” The gardens , for the most part , begin to show the wear of desolation , and but little of their floral pride remains without doors . Meanwhile , a mimic garden is displayed within , and the hyacinth , narcissus , & c. are assembled there to gladden us with anticipations of the coming spring . Though sombre and drear , a November day is a carnival for the reflective observer ; the very falling of the leaves , intercepted in their descent by a little whirl or hurricane , is to him a feast of meditation , and “ the soul , dissolving , as it were , into a spirit of melancholy enthusiasm , acknowledges that silent pathos , which governs without subduing the heart . ” — “ This season , so sacred to the enthusiast , has been , in all ages , selected by the poet and the moralist , as a theme for poetic description and moral reflection ; ” and we may add that amidst such scenes , Newton drew the most glorious problem of his philosophy , and Bishop Horne his simple but pathetic lines on the “ Fall of the Leaf , ” — lessons of nature which will still find their way to the hearts of mankind , when the more subtle workings of speculative philosophy shall be forgotten with their promoters . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE ROBBER SPATOLINO . The history of Spatolino exhibits rather the character of a man bred where men are in a state of nature , than of one born in the midst of an old European state . This extraordinary character , furiously irritated against the French , who had invaded Italy , desperately bent himself upon revenge , and directed his attacks unceasingly upon their battalions . He might perhaps have become a great general , had he entered the military profession : had he received a competent education , he might have been a virtuous and eminent citizen . His first crime was an act of vengeance , and all his following delinquencies flowed from the same source . An enthusiastic feeling placed the blade in his hand against the invaders of the Roman States , and a superior sagacity aided his terrible energies . He died stigmatised with the titles of brigand and assassin ; but the French , on whom he had exercised the most striking acts of revenge , were his judges , his accusers , and executioners . In all his acts the man of courage could be distinguished , finding resources , in whatever dangers , in his own genius . He never was a traitor himself , although often betrayed by his most intimate friends . His vindictive exploits were prompt and terrible . The French greatly dreaded him . His life presents traits truly romantic ; sometimes they may appear exaggerated ; but his history is from an authentic source , and from his voluntary confession . The reader may wish to know something of the person of Spatolino . He was of low stature , long visage , fair skin , but his face of an olive pale hue ; his eyes of a light blue , and full of animation ; his aspect fierce ; hair light ; long whiskers ; lips pale ; broad back ; swift of foot ; and particularly animated in his action . He wore a jerkin lined with red , a dark yellow waistcoat , blue breeches , a breast-pouch with fifty cartridges , four pistols , and a small hanger by his side . In his breeches-pocket he kept a small stiletto . He also bore a long gun . On his head he wore continually a net , and upon that his hat . His wife followed him in all his excursions , and he greatly esteemed and loved her . He remained some time in the mountains near Rome , and with his associates laid in a store of whatever was necessary for their new avocation . He then resolved upon proceeding to Sonnino , the common rendezvous of the greater part of the banditti in the papal states . In Sonnino he found some followers , who , going deeply into his notions , did not scruple to join him . They swore to entertain an eternal friendship for each other , implacable hatred against the French , and laid it down as a duty to rob and kill them . Spatolino , before commencing his career as brigand , repaired to the curate of Sonnino , and requested absolution for all the crimes he had or might commit ; the curate , surprised at this request , observed to him , that absolution was only given after sins were committed . Spatolino very soon quieted the scruples of the curate , by making him a present of a very handsome watch ; upon which he immediately raised his hands and gave him the desired absolution . Sonnino may be compared with Pontus , where Ovid was in exile , and which is thus described by that celebrated author :— “ The men I meet with are not even worthy of the name ; they are more fierce than wolves ; have no laws , as with them armed force constitutes justice , and injury rights . They live by rapine , but seek it not without peril , and sword in hand . Every other way of purveying for their necessities they view as base and ignominious . It is enough for them to be seen to be hated and dreaded . The sound of their voice is ferocious ; their physiognomy horrible , and their complexion cadaverous . ” Just such are the inhabitants of Sonnino and its vicinity at present , and among such Spatolino came to complete his band , which , when formed in Rome , consisted of seven only . Before proceeding on his expedition , and to attach his wife more closely to his person by proving his strong affection , he left his band and proceeded to Civita Vecchia , and seeking a sailor who had seduced her , he expressed a wish to speak with him a little distance from the town . The sailor , conceiving it might be something to his advantage , followed immediately . Spatolino conducted him a little beyond the gate of Civita Vecchia , and giving him two thrusts of his stiletto in his heart , cut off his ears and nose , to carry them as a present to his wife , and then departed immediately for Sonnino . On his arrival , he proceeded to seek Mary and his band . After the usual salutations , he took out of his pocket the small bundle containing the nose and ears of the sailor , and , presenting them to his wife , said , “ From this you may judge my affection . I was desirous of avenging your wrongs , and have done so by killing your seducer . Here are the pledges of it , which you should keep , in order to remind you of the betrayer , and as a guard against future temptation . You cannot mistrust me , when I promise ever to afford you proofs of true attachment , and I hope you will be faithful to me ! ” After this they embraced affectionately , and swore to each other eternal fidelity . Nor is it possible for any man to have kept his word more scrupulously towards his wife . The following day Spatolino departed at the head of his band , which was composed of eighteen persons , himself and wife included , and proceeded to the vicinity of Portatta , near the main road leading from Rome to Naples , which at that time was much frequented by the French of every rank and condition , who proceeded under orders between these two places . Towards night , Spatolino placed himself and comrades in ambush on the high road , intending to take advantage of a military body of which he had information . Ere long a sound of horses was heard ; they were immediately on the alert , and succeeded in arresting a French escort of seven soldiers on foot , and the same number on horseback , conducting the baggage-wagon of a French colonel of the line . It contained all his effects , and money to a large amount . Upon the first fire of Spatolino 's band , five of the soldiers were killed , and three desperately wounded ; he then threw himself amongst the others , who were placed on the defence , and who had expended their fire without hurting a single individual of the band . Spatolino , with his pistols , killed two , and a few moments saw him and his band masters of the field . Spatolino ordered his men to strip the dead , and placing every thing in the wagon , after digging a pit for the bodies , they retired to a cave in a wood near the road , where the booty was equally divided . He took himself two of the best horses , and armed and equipped his band in a superior manner . He also presented to his wife a part of the spoil , she having been armed in the action , performing the duty of a sentinel on the highway in advance about half a mile off , to give notice , in case of an overwhelming force appearing . Spatolino , having made a fair division of the spoil to raise the courage of his companions , sent all his own money to his parents , informing them at the same time , that for the future they should be released from misery , as he would ever bear in mind the beings who gave him birth .— New Monthly Magazine . AN UNINSURABLE RISK . A bookseller opened a shop on the coast , ( I 'd rather not mention the spot ,) Where gentlemen lounged o'er the Herald and Post , And ladies read Byron and Scott . Much personal memoir , too , shone on the shelves , Which boasted a whimsical olio ; Decorum sang small , in octavoes and twelves , And scandal in quarto and folio . The bookseller , prudently aiming to set Th ’ ignipotent god at defiance , To open a policy vainly essay 'd At the Albion , the Hope , and Alliance . “ My friend , your abortive attempt prithee stop , ” Quoth Jekyll , intent on a joke , “ How can you expect to insure , while your shop Is rolling out volumes of smoke ? ” Ibid . LONDON NEWSPAPERS . On few subjects are the public under more misapprehension than on the absolute and relative circulation of several portions of the London daily press . The greater part of the people would startle were they told that The Times circulates probably under 7 , 000 a day on an average ; the paper is seen , as one may say , in every pot-house in London , and all over the country ; and yet this is all its number . The property of a paper is a matter of which most people have a very vague and imperfect knowledge . I believe I am very near the truth when I state the gross proceeds of The Times at 45 , 000l ., a year . The present proprietor of The Morning Chronicle gave for it , I believe , 40 , 000l . The absolute property of The Courier , according to the current rate of its shares , is between 90 , 000l . and 100 , 000l . Estimating the value of The Globe on the same scale , the absolute property of it is probably somewhere about 35 , 000l . The profits of a paper arise almost entirely out of its advertisements , and hence the difference in value between the two last , notwithstanding their circulation is so nearly equal . A newspaper gets its advertisements by degrees , and , as it is supposed by the public , its numbers increase ; but it retains them long after the cause by which they were acquired has vanished . It is thus that The Courier , which got its advertisements when it basked in all the sunshine of ministerial patronage , retains these when its numbers are reduced by one-half , and the countenance of government is no longer held out to it . These , however , it must be admitted , are the prizes in the lottery of newspaper speculation : and in this , as in every other lottery , there are more blanks than prizes . Mr. Murray , after having expended upwards of 10 , 000l . on his Representative , sold it to the proprietors of The New Times for about 600l . : and The British Press , after having ruined I know not how many capitalists , was sold to the same concern for , I believe , a considerably smaller sum .— London Magazine . MADEMOISELLE CUVIER . Mademoiselle Cuvier , daughter of the celebrated naturalist , died a short time since at Paris . There has seldom been any instance where the strongest benevolence was so closely united to the charms of intellect . She possessed a rare mixture of elevation of mind and firmness of character — of strength and equanimity — sweetness and simplicity . It was truly gratifying to witness her worship , or rather superstition , for truth , and to watch the avidity with which she used to seize and illustrate whatever she thought likely to remove ignorance , or promote the cause of virtue and freedom . The circumstances which attended the death of this amiable creature , have , if possible , greatly augmented the grief of her family and friends . The day of her nuptials was fixed , and she was to be united to a man of her own choice , and everything was prepared for the ceremony . Being suddenly afflicted by rapid symptoms of consumption , all hopes of her recovery soon vanished . Notwithstanding , the ball dresses , veils , and shawls , continued to be sent home to the unhappy parents , who dared not refuse them , lest they should themselves be accused of giving way to despair . This mixture of preparations for rejoicing , and the certainty of death , formed a picture the most melancholy and pathetic . When the fatal moment arrived , her family and many friends surrounded the dying couch in mournful silence . The funeral was attended by all that is distinguished for rank and fortune at Paris ; a clergyman of the Protestant church read the service for the dead , and a funeral sermon . A number of young females whom she had formed for succouring the poor , were ranged round the bier , dressed in white , and followed to the Cemetery of P è re la Chaise , where M. Salvandy , one of her friends , undertook to deliver the final eulogy , which it is usual in France to pronounce on departed worth .— Monthly Magazine .— Letter from Paris . HOW TO LOSE TIME . Few men need complain of the want of time , if they are not conscious of a want of power , or of desire to ennoble and enjoy it . Perhaps you are a man of genius yourself , gentle reader , and though not absolutely , like Sir Walter , a witch , warlock , or wizard , still a poet — a maker — a creator . Think , then , how many hours on hours you have lost , lying asleep so profoundly , “ That the cock 's shrill clarion , or the echoing horn , No more could rouse you from your lazy bed . ” How many more have you , not absolutely lost , but to a certain extent abused , at breakfast — sip , sipping away at unnecessary cups of sirupy tea , or gob , gobbling away at jam-buttered rolls , for which nature never called — or “ to party giving up what was meant for mankind ” — forgetting the loss of Time in the Times , and , after a long , blank , brown , and blue study , leaving behind you a most miserable chronicle indeed ! Then think — O think — on all your aimless forenoon saunterings — round and round about the premises — up and down the avenue — then into the garden on tiptoe — in and out among the neat squares of onion-beds — now humming a tune by the brink of abysses of mould , like trenches dug for the slain in the field of battle , where the tender celery is laid — now down to the river-side to try a little angling , though you well know there is nothing to be had but Pars — now into a field of turnips , without your double-barreled Joe Manton , ( at Mr. Wilkinson 's to be repaired ,) to see Ponto point a place where once a partridge had pruned himself — now home again , at the waving of John 's red sleeve , to receive a coach-full of country cousins , come in the capacity of forenoon callers — endless talkers all — sharp and blunt noses alike — and grinning voraciously in hopes of a lunch — now away to dress for dinner , which will not be for two long , long hours to come — now dozing , or daized on the drawing-room sofa , wondering if the bell is ever to be rung — now grimly gazing on a bit of bloody beef which your impatience has forced the blaspheming cook to draw from the spit ere the outer folds of fat were well melted at the fire — now , after a disappointed dinner , discovering that the old port is corked , and the filberts all pluffing with bitter snuff , except such as enclose a worm — now an unwholesome sleep of interrupted snores , your bobbing head ever and anon smiting your breast-bone — now burnt-beans palmed off on the family for Turkish coffee — now a game at cards , with a dead partner , and the ace of spades missing — now no supper — you have no appetite for supper — and now into bed tumbles the son of Genius , complaining to the moon of the shortness of human life , and the fleetness of time ! Blackwood 's Magazine . SLEEPING AFTER DINNER . Mr. Fox at St. Ann 's Hill was , for the last years of his life , in the habit ( never interfered with by his friends ) of dosing for a few minutes after dinner ; and it was on this occasion , unconsciously yielding to the influence of custom , I perceived that Mr. Garrow , who was the chief talker ( Parr was in his smoking orgasm ,) began to feel embarrassed at Mr. Fox 's non-attention ; and I , therefore , made signs to Mr. Fox , by wiping my fingers to my eyes , and looking expressively at Garrow . Mr. Fox , the most truly polite man in the world , immediately endeavoured to rouse himself — but in vain ; Nature would have her way . Garrow soon saw the struggle , and adroitly feigned sleep himself . Mr. Fox was regenerated in ten minutes — apologized — and made the evening delightful — Senatorial Reminiscenses .— The Inspector . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . CHRONICLES OF THE CANONGATE . The Two Drovers . ( Concluded from page 289 .) Our readers must have missed , and probably with some regret , the conclusion of the above story , as promised for insertion in our last Number ; and unaccustomed as we are to an intentional discrepancy of this sort , ( for such was the above ,) we shall consider ourselves justified in briefly stating some of the circumstances which led to the irregularity . We are not disposed to enter into the tilts of rival journalists , some of whom , in taking time by the forelock , may have perhaps been rather more enterprising than the subject warranted . [ 17 ] Nevertheless , in the attempt to please the public , as in other races , the youngest are often the fleetest . In the present case , the appetite of the public had been whetted with “ reiterated advertisement : ” and one of our contemporaries , with more playfulness than truth , had compared his priority to that of Fine-ear in the fairy tale . But his talisman failed , and a young rival outstripped him ; and from this quarter we were induced to copy the first portion of the tale of The Two Drovers , upon the editor 's assurance of his own honesty in obtaining the precedence , and which assurance We are still unwilling to question : although , were we to do so , ours would not he a solitary specimen of such ingratitude . [ 18 ] On the day of our publishing the first portion , we received a notice to desist from its continuance ,— full of the causticity of our friends on the other side of the Tweed , and with whom , for the credit of the south , we hope the measure originated . We next resolved to suspend the conclusion ; since the brutum fulmen became louder and louder still , in an advertisement actively inserted in the London newspapers . To make short of what is and ought to be but a trifling affair , we have abridged the whole story , and accordingly now present the conclusion to our readers , though certainly not in the promised state ; how far we have exculpated ourselves , is for our patrons to determine .— A few words at parting , on the policy of the above conduct . We need not enlarge upon the advantages which publishers ( and , to some extent , authors ) derive from portions of their works appearing in periodical journals . The benefit is not reciprocal , but largely on their side , if they consider how many columns of advertisement duty they thereby avoid . It is well known that the first edition of any work by such a master-spirit as Sir Walter Scott is consumed in a few days by the circulating libraries and reading societies of the kingdom ; but how many thousands would neither have seen nor heard of his most successful works , had not the gusto been previously created by the caducei of these literary Mercuries . Again , sift any one of them , with higher pretensions to originality than our economical sheet will admit of , and you shall find it , in quantity , at least , to resemble Gratiano 's three grains . But we are not inclined to quarrel with the scheme , for with Johnson we say , “ Quotation , sir ( Walter ) , is a good thing , ” in the hope of hearing our readers reply , “ This fellow pecks up wit as pigeons peas . ” — ED . Some words passed after the departure , of Robin Oig , between the bailiff , and Harry Wakefield , who was now not indisposed to defend Robin Oig 's reputation . But Dame Heskett prevented this second quarrel by her peremptory interference . The conversation turned on the expected markets , and the prices from different parts of Scotland and England , and Harry Wakefield found a chap for a part of his drove , and at a considerable profit ; an event more than sufficient to blot out all remembrances of the past scuffle . But there remained one from whose mind that recollection could not have been wiped by possession of every head of cattle betwixt Esk and Eden . This was Robin Oig M'Combich .— “ That I should have had no weapon , ” he said , “ and for the first time in my life !— Blighted be the tongue that bids the Highlander part with the dirk — the dirk — ha ! the English blood !— My muhme 's word — when did her word fall to the ground ? ” Robin now turned the light foot of his country towards the wilds , through which , by Mr. Ireby 's report , Morrison was advancing . His mind was wholly engrossed by the sense of injury the treasured ideas of self-importance and self-opinion — of ideal birth and quality , had become more precious to him , ( like the hoard to the miser ,) because he could only enjoy them in secret . But insulted , abused , and beaten , he was no longer worthy , in his own opinion , of the name he bore , or the lineage which he belonged to — nothing was left to him — but revenge . When Robin Oig left the door of the ale-house , seven or eight English miles at least lay betwixt him and Morrison , whose advance was limited by the sluggish pace of his cattle . And now the distant lowing of Morrison 's cattle is heard ; and now he meets them — passes them , and stops their conductor . “ May good betide us , ” said the South-lander — “ Is this you , Robin M'Combich , or your wraith ? ” “ It is Robin Oig M'Combich , ” answered the Highlander , “ and it is not .— But never mind that , give me pack my dirk , Hugh Morrison , or there will be words petween us . ” “ There it is for you then , since less wunna serve . ” “ Cot speed you , Hughie , and send you good marcats . Ye winna meet with Robin Oig again either at tryste or fair . ” So saying , he shook hastily the hand of his acquaintance , and set out in the direction from which he had advanced . Long ere the morning dawned , the catastrophe of our tale had taken place . It was two hours after the affray when Robin Oig returned to Heskett 's inn . There was Harry Wakefield , who amidst a grinning group of smockfrocks , hob-nailed shoes , and jolly English physiognomies , was trolling forth an old ditty , when he was interrupted by a high and stern voice , saying “ Harry Waakfelt — if you be a man , stand up ! ” “ Harry Waakfelt , ” repeated the same ominous summons , “ stand up , if you be a man ! ” “ I will stand up with all my heart , Robin , my boy , but it shall be to shake hands with you , and drink down all unkindness . “ ‘ Tis not thy fault , man , that , not having the luck to be an Englishman , thou canst not fight more than a school-girl . ” “ I can fight , ” answered Robin Oig , sternly , but calmly , “ and you shall know it . You , Harry Waakfelt , showed me to-day how the Saxon churls fight — I show you now how the Highland Dunniewassal fights . ” He then plunged the dagger , which he suddenly displayed , into the broad breast of the English yeoman , with such fatal certainty and force , that the hilt made a hollow sound against the breast bone , and the double-edged point split the very heart of his victim . Harry Wakefield fell , and expired with a single groan . Robin next offered the bloody poniard to the bailiff 's throat . “ It were very just to lay you beside him , ” he said , “ but the blood of a base pick-thank shall never mix on my father 's dirk , with that of a brave man . ” As he spoke , he threw the fatal weapon into the blazing turf-fire . “ There , ” he said , “ take me who likes — and let fire cleanse blood if it can . ” The pause still continuing , Robin Oig asked for a peace-officer , and a constable having stepped out , he surrendered himself . “ A bloody night 's work you have made of it , ” said the constable . “ Your own fault , ” said the Highlander . “ Had you kept his hands off me twa hours since , he would have been now as well and merry as he was twa minutes since . ” “ It must be sorely answered , ” said the peace-officer . “ Never you mind that — death pays all debts ; it will pay that too . ” The constable , with assistance , procured horses to guard the prisoner to Carlisle , to abide his doom at the next assizes . While the escort was preparing , the prisoner , before he was carried from the fatal apartment , desired to look at the dead body , which had been deposited upon the large table , ( at the head of which Harry Wakefield had just presided ) until the surgeons should examine the wound . The face of the corpse was decently covered with a napkin . Robin Oig removed the cloth , and gazed on the lifeless visage . While those present expected that the wound , which had so lately flooded the apartment with gore , would send forth fresh streams at the touch of the homicide , Robin Oig replaced the covering , with the brief exclamation , “ He was a pretty man ! ” My story is nearly ended . The unfortunate Highlander stood his trial at Carlisle . I was myself present . The facts of the case were proved in the manner I have related them ; and whatever might be at first the prejudice of the audience against a crime so un-English as that of assassination from revenge , yet when the national prejudices of the prisoner had been explained , which made him consider himself as stained with indelible dishonour , the generosity of the English audience was inclined to regard his crime as the aberration of a false idea of honour , rather than as flowing from a heart naturally savage , or habitually vicious . I shall never forget the charge of the venerable judge to the jury . “ We have had , ” he said , “ in the previous part of our duty , ( alluding to some former trials ,) to discuss crimes which infer disgust and abhorrence , while they call down the well-merited vengeance of the law . It is now our still more melancholy duty to apply its salutary , though severe enactments to a case of a very singular character , in which the crime ( for a crime it is , and a deep one ) arose less out of the malevolence of the heart , than the error of the understanding — less from any idea of committing wrong , than from an unhappily perverted notion of that which is right . Here we have two men , highly esteemed , it has been stated , in their rank of life , and attached , it seems , to each other as friends , one of whose lives has been already sacrificed to a punctilio , and the other is about to prove the vengeance of the offended laws ; and yet both may claim our commiseration at least , as men acting in ignorance of each other 's national prejudices , and unhappily misguided rather than voluntarily erring from the path of right conduct . “ In the original cause of the misunderstanding , we must in justice give the right to the prisoner at the bar . He had acquired possession of the enclosure , by a legal contract with the proprietor , and yet , when accosted with galling reproaches he offered to yield up half his acquisition , and his amicable proposal was rejected with scorn . Then follows the scene at Mr. Heskett the publican 's , and you will observe how the stranger was treated by the deceased , and I am sorry to observe , by those around , who seem to have urged him in a manner which was aggravating in the highest degree . “ Gentlemen of the jury , it was with some impatience that I heard my learned brother , who opened the case for the crown , give an unfavourable turn to the prisoner 's conduct on this occasion . He said the prisoner was afraid to encounter his antagonist in fair fight , or to submit to the laws of the ring ; and that therefore , like a cowardly Italian , he had recourse to his fatal stiletto , to murder the man whom he dared not meet in manly encounter . I observed the prisoner shrink from this part of the accusation with the abhorrence natural to a brave man ; and as I would wish to make my words impressive , when I point his real crime , I must secure his opinion of my impartiality , by rebutting every thing that seems to me a false accusation . There can be no doubt that the prisoner is a man of resolution — too much resolution ; I wish to heaven that he had less , or rather that he had had a better education to regulate it . “ But , gentlemen of the jury , the pinch of the case lies in the interval of two hours betwixt the injury and the fatal retaliation . In the heat of affray and chaude mel é e , law , compassionating the infirmities of humanity , makes allowance for the passions which rule such a stormy moment — But the time necessary to walk twelve miles , however speedily performed , was an interval sufficient for the prisoner to have recollected himself ; and the violence and deliberate determination with which he carried his purpose into effect , could neither be induced by anger , nor fear . It was the purpose and the act of pre-determined revenge , for which law neither can , will , nor ought to have sympathy . “ The law says to the subjects , with a voice only inferior to that of the Deity , ‘ Vengeance is mine . ’ The instant that there is time for passion to cool , and reason to interpose , an injured party must become aware , that the law assumes the exclusive cognizance of the right and wrong betwixt the parties , and opposes her inviolable buckler to every attempt of the private party to right himself . I repeat , that this unhappy man ought personally to be the object rather of our pity than our abhorrence , for he failed in his ignorance , and from mistaken notions of honour . But his crime is not the less that of murder , gentlemen , and , in your high and important office , it is your duty so to find . Englishmen have their angry passions as well as Scots ; and should this man 's action remain unpunished , you may unsheath , under various pretences , a thousand daggers betwixt the Land'shYpppHeNend and the Orkneys . ” The venerable judge thus ended what , to judge by his emotion and tears , was really a painful task . The jury , accordingly brought in a verdict of guilty ; and Robin Oig M'Combich , alias M'Gregor , was sentenced to death , and executed accordingly . He met his fate with firmness , and acknowledged the justice of his sentence . But he repelled indignantly the observations of those who accused him of attacking an unarmed man . “ I give a life for the life I took , ” he said , “ and what can I do more ? ” [ 17 ] We remember the proverb , “ Honour among thieves . ” [ 18 ] But we cannot so far forget our country as to be indifferent to them .— See a passage in the Two Drovers . A PERSIAN FABLE . A little particle of rain , That from a passing cloud descended , Was heard thus idly to complain :— “ My brief existence now is ended . Outcast alike of earth and sky , Useless to live , unknown to die . ” It chanced to fall into the sea , And there an open shell received it ; And , after years , how rich was he , Who from its prison-house relieved it : The drop of rain has formed a gem , To deck a monarch 's diadem . Amulet . THE GATHERER . “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton . NEW READING . A witty wight , on seeing the following line in our last , Necessitas non habet legem , supplied this new reading , Necessity without a leg to stand upon . O. P. RIOTS . “ What is doing to-night ? ” asked Kemble , of one of the ballet-masters ; “ Oh pis ( O P ) toujours , Monsieur , ” was the reply . A CURIOUS FACT . An absent man , whose heart can seldom resist the importunities of beggars , was , a few mornings since , followed by a hungry half-starved dog , when he inadvertently took from his pocket a penny , which he was just about to give to the four-footed wanderer , when he perceived his mistake . It should be mentioned that the above individual had , on nearly the precise spot , on the previous night , assisted one of his fellow creatures in the same manner as that in which he was about to relieve the quadruped . The EDITOR of the MIRROR will be happy to substantiate this fact to such as may be disposed to doubt its authenticity :— “ if it be madness , there 's method in it . ” SIGNS OF THE TIMES . Seventeen hundred individuals a year , for the last seven years , have been committed for poaching .— Report Prison Discip . Society . Crime is a curse only to the period in which it is successful ; but virtue , whether fortunate or otherwise , blesses not only its own age , but remotest posterity , and is as beneficial by its example , as by its immediate effects . At the late Doncaster races , there were 30 , 000 persons well clothed , and apparently well fed and happy . 2000l . were taken at the grand stand for admission . Mr. Kean is to receive , during the present season , fifty pounds for each night 's performance — the yearly income of a curate ! Singing Non Nobis Domine after dinner is a very foolish custom . People in England pay 10 , 000l . a year for non nobis . Rather sing Dr. Kitchener 's Universal Prayer and the English grace . The common people of every country understand only their native tongue ; therefore if you do not understand them , you will not understand each other . All Italian music is detestable , and nothing like our genuine native song . Weber 's “ unconcatenated chords ” ought not to be listened to , while we have such composers as Braham and Tom Cooke . The national songs of Great Britain have not sold so well as the Cook 's Oracle . “ People like what goes into the mouth better than what comes out of it . ” — Dr. Kitchener . A museum , deanery , and a cattle-market are building at York . Various other improvements and repairs are also in progress in that city ! According to the Report of the Commissioners of Public Charities , the annual sum of 972 , 396l . has been bequeathed by pious donors to England only ! This is surely the promised land of benevolence ; but in Salop only , there are arrears now due to the poor for upwards of 42 years ! M. La Combe , in his Picture of London , advises those who do not wish to be robbed to carry a brace of blunderbusses , and to put the muzzle of one out of each window , so as to be seen by the robbers . The silly habit of praising every thing at a man 's table came in for a share of the late Dr. Kitchener 's severity . He said , “ Criticism , sir , is not a pastime ; it is a verdict on oath : the man who does it is ( morally ) sworn to perform his duty . There is but one character on earth , sir , ” he would add , “ that I detest ; and that is the man who praises , indiscriminately , every dish that is set before him . Once I find a fellow do that at my table , and , if he were my brother , I never ask him to dinner again . ” A daily literary journal has lately been started in Paris , and has , in less than three weeks , above 2 , 000 subscribers . Reviewing , as a profession by which a certain class of men seek to instruct the public , and to support themselves creditably in the middle order , and to keep their children from falling , after the decease of enlightened parents , on the parish , is at the lowest possible ebb in this country ; and many is the once well-fed critic now an hungered — Blackwood . Oranges .— It is not perhaps generally known or suspected , that the rabbis of the London synagogues are in the habit of affording both employment and maintenance to the poor of their own persuasion , by supplying them with oranges at an almost nominal price .— Ibid . Noble Authors .— The poor spinsters of the Minerva press can scarcely support life by their labours , so completely are they driven out of the market by the Lady Charlottes and the Lady Bettys ; and a rhyming peer is as common as a Birmingham button . It would take ten Horace Walpoles at least to do justice to the living authors of the red book . Buying Books .— Money is universally allowed to be the thing which all men love best ; and if a man buys a book , we may safely infer he thinks well of it . What nobody buys , then , we may justly conclude is not worth reading . On the Duchess of Devonshire 's canvassing for Mr. Fox at the Westminster Election . Array 'd in matchless beauty , Devon 's fair In Fox 's favour takes a zealous part ; But , oh ! where'er the pilferer comes beware , She supplicates a vote , and steals a heart . Lines sent by a Surgeon , with a box of ointment , to a Lady who had an inflamed eye . The doctor 's kindest wishes e'er attend His beauteous patient , may he hope his friend ; And prays that no corrosive disappointment May mar the lenient virtues of his ointment ; Of which , a bit not larger than a shot , Or that more murd'rous thing , “ a beauty spot , ” Warmed on the finger by the taper 's ray , Smear o'er the eye affected twice a day . Proffer not gold — I swear by my degree , From beauty 's lily hand to take no fee ; No glittering trash be mine , I scorn such pelf , The eye , when cured , will pay the debt itself . George III . is said to have observed to a person who approached him in a moment of personal restraint , indispensable in his situation , “ Here you see me checkmated . ” OLD GRIMALDI . The first Grimaldi celebrated on the stage , appeared at Paris about the year 1735 , when his athletic force and extraordinary agility procured him the sobriquet of “ Jambe de Fer , ” or iron-leg . In 1742 , when Mahomet Effendi , ambassador of the Porte , visited Paris , he was received with the highest honour and utmost distinction ; and the court having ordered a performance for the Turk 's entertainment , Grimaldi was commanded to exert himself to effect that object . In obedience to his directions , in making a surprising leap , his foot actually struck a lustre , placed high from the stage , and one of the glass drops was thrown in the face of the ambassador . It was then customary to demand some reward from the personage for whom the entertainment was prepared , and , at the conclusion of the piece , Grimaldi waited upon the Mussulman for the usual present . If the Turk had concealed the expression of his anger at the accident , it was not however extinct , for on the appearance of the buffoon , he directed him to be seized by his attendants , and transported in his theatrical costume , to his residence , where , after undergoing a severe bastinado , the hapless actor was thrust into the street , with only his pedal honour for his recompense . NEGROES ’ HEIR LOOM . Some years ago , the boiler-men negroes on Huckenfield estate were overheard by the book-keeper discoursing on this subject , ( the superiority of the whites ,) and various opinions were given , till the question was thus set at rest by an old African :— “ When God Almighty make de world , him make two men , a nigger and a buckra ; and him give dem two box , and him tell dem for make dem choice . Nigger , ( nigger greedy from time ,) when him find one box heavy , him take it , and buckra take t'other ; when dem open de box , buckra see pen , ink , and paper ; nigger box full up with hoe and bill , and hoe and bill for nigger till this day . ” — Barclay 's Slavery in the West Indies . GRATITUDE . When Suffer , who had been fifty years a servant in the English factory at Abesheber , or Bushire , a Persian sea-port , was on his death-bed , the English doctor ordered him a glass of wine . He at first refused , saying , “ I cannot take it ; it is forbidden in the Koran . ” But after a few moments , he begged the doctor to give it him , saying , as he raised himself in his bed , “ Give me the wine ; for it is written in the same volume , that all you unbelievers will be excluded from Paradise ; and the experience of fifty years teaches me to prefer your society in the other world , to any place unto which I can be advanced with my own countrymen . ” He died a few hours after this sally .— Sketches of Persia . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset-House ,) and sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers .