THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIX . No . 554 .] SATURDAY , JUNE 30 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . CURIOUS CHIMNEY-PIECE . We select this Engraving as an illustration of the elaborate sculptural decoration employed in domestic architecture about three centuries since ; but more particularly as a specimen of the embellishment of the ecclesiastical residences of that period . It represents a chimney-piece erected in the Bishop 's palace at Exeter , by Peter Courtenay , who was consecrated Bishop of Exeter , A. D. 1477 , and translated to Winchester , A. D. 1486 . He had formerly been master of St. Antony 's Hospital , in London . The bishop was third son of Sir Philip Courtenay of Powderham , knight , ( fifth son of Hugh Courtenay , second Earl of Devonshire ) , who died 1463 . He was educated at Exeter College , Oxford ; made archdeacon of Exeter 1453 ; dean of the same church , 1477 . He died 1491 , and was probably buried in the chancel at Powderham , where is an effigy of a bishop inlaid in brass . He built the north tower of Exeter cathedral , and placed in it a great bell , called after him Peter 's bell , with a clock and dial : he built also the tower and good part of the church at Honiton ( which before was only a chapel , now the chancel ) . In the windows of the tower are the arms of his parents , now lost ; but his paternal arms are on the pillars of the chancel . [ 1 ] The heraldic embellishments of the chimney-piece are as follow :— “ The arms of Courtenay impaled by those of the see of Exeter are in the centre compartment . In that on the left hand is the former coat single , supported by two swans collared and chained . Motto Arma Petri Exon epi . And on the right hand it impales Hungerford , supported by two boars with the Courtenay label round their necks . Motto Arma Patris et Matris . “ Above the centre compartment is the mitre , with the arms of the see , and a label inscribed Colompne ecclesie veritatis p'conie ; [ 2 ] and here the T is thrice repeated . “ The moulding of the arch is charged with the portcullis and foliage alternately ; and on the point are the royal arms in a garter , and supported by two greyhounds . “ The T with the bell appendant occurs on the sides of the centre coat ; also the T single and labels , and over the top of the chimney the T and P C for Peter Courtenay . “ The three Sickles and the Sheaf in the angles of the three compartments are the badges of the barons of Hungerford . ” Further explanation is necessary , as well as interesting for its connexion with two popular origins — St. Antony 's fire , and St. Antony , or “ Tantony 's Pig . ” “ The monks of the order of St. Antony wore a black habit with the letter T of a blue colour on the breast . This may sufficiently account for the appearance of that figure among the ornaments of Bishop Courtenay 's arms . The following extract from Stow 's Survey of London may serve to explain the appendant Bell . “ The Proctors of this hospital were to collect the benevolence of charitable persons towards the building and supporting thereof . And among other things observed in my youth I remember that the officers charged with the oversight of the markets in this city did divers times take from the market people pigs starved , or otherwise unwholesome for men 's sustenance : these they did slit in the ear . One of the Proctors of St. Antony tied a bell about the neck , and let it feed among the dunghills , and no man would hurt it , or take it up ; but if any gave them bread , or other feeding , such they would know , watch for , and daily follow , whining till they had something given them ; whereupon was raised a proverb , ‘ such a one will follow such a one and whine as it were an Antony pig ; ’ but if such a pig grew to be fat , and came to good liking , as oft times they did , then the Proctor would take him up to the use of the hospital . ” “ These monks , with their importunate begging were so troublesome , that if men gave them nothing , they would presently threaten them with St. Antony 's fire , so that many simple people , out of fear or blind zeal , every year used to bestow on them a fat pig or porker ( which they ordinarily painted on their pictures of the saint ) , whereby they might procure their good will , prayers , and be secure from their menaces . “ The knights of this order ( of St. Antony ) wore a collar of gold , with an hermit 's girdle , to which hung a crutch and a little bell . [ 3 ] See in the Gentleman 's Magazine for the year 1750 , the plate of the orders of knighthood , where T , whether a letter or crutch , is given to the order of St. Antony of Ethiopia . “ The saint is always represented with this appendage in Missals , and on monuments , the T hanging from his girdle , and the bell from the neck of the pig at his feet . ” We are indebted for this subject to the Vetusta Monumenta of the Antiquarian Society . The form of the arch will be recognised as strictly of the ecclesiastical architectural character ; and , with reference to this style , we may observe that “ the ecclesiastical residence , the dwelling of the mitred abbot with his train of shaven devotees , or of the princely bishop and humbler priest , naturally was designed to correspond with the consecrated edifice round which these buildings were usually grouped ; and hence the architecture of the abbey or priory is essentially of a piece with that of the cathedral . ” Reverting to the chimney-piece , it should be added that formerly both on the continent , as well as in England , fire-places and chimneys were decorated with architectural ornaments , as columns , entablatures , statues , & c ., like the entrance to a small temple ; now they are mostly made of marble , and more for the office of sculptural decoration than for the orders of architecture . [ 1 ] Polwhele 's Devon . II . p. 281 . [ 2 ] The bishop 's motto was , Quod verum tutum . [ 3 ] Chamber 's Dict v. ANTONY . SONG WRITTEN IN IMITATION OF COWLEY 'S MISTRESS . ( For the Mirror .) Oh , where didst borrow that last sigh , And that relenting groan ; Ladies that sigh and not for love , Usurp what 's not their own . Love 's arrows sooner armour pierce Than that soft snowy skin ; Thine eyes can only teach us love , They cannot take it in . J. H. L. H . [ 4 ] [ 4 ] Yes — if confined to Anecdotes .— ED . M . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS THE GROANING TREE OF BADDESLEY , HAMPSHIRE . ( For the Mirror .) Gilpin , in his “ Remarks on Forest Scenery , ” says , A cottager , who lived near the centre of the village , heard frequently a strange noise behind his house , like that of a person in extreme agony . Soon after , it caught the attention of his wife who was then confined to her bed . She was a timorous woman , and being greatly alarmed , her husband endeavoured to persuade her that the noise she heard was only the bellowing of the stags in the forest . By degrees , however , the neighbours on all sides heard it , and the circumstance began to be much talked of . It was by this time plainly discovered that the groaning noise proceeded from an Elm , which grew at the bottom of the garden . It was a young , vigorous tree , and , to all appearance , perfectly sound . In a few weeks the fame of the groaning tree was spread far and wide ; and people from all parts flocked to hear it . Among others it attracted the curiosity of the late Prince and Princess of Wales , who resided at that time , for the advantage of a sea-bath , at Pilewell , within a quarter of a mile of the groaning tree . Though the country people assigned many superstitious causes for this strange phenomenon , the naturalist could assign no physical one , that was in any degree satisfactory . Some thought it was owing to the twisting and friction of the roots : others thought that it proceeded from water , which had collected in the body of the tree ; or , perhaps , from pent air : but the cause that was alleged appeared unequal to the effect . In the mean time , the tree did not always groan ; sometimes disappointing its visitants ; yet no cause could be assigned for its temporary cessations , either from seasons , or weather . If any difference was observed , it was thought to groan least when the weather was wet , and most when it was clear and frosty ; but the sound at all times seemed to come from the roots . Thus the groaning tree continued an object of astonishment , during the space of eighteen or twenty months , to all the country around ; and for the information of distant parts , a pamphlet was drawn up , containing a particular account of it . A gentleman of the name of Forbes , making too rash an experiment to discover the cause , bored a hole in its trunk . After this it never groaned . It was then rooted up , with a further view to make a discovery ; but still nothing appeared which led to any investigation of the cause . It was universally , however , believed , that there was no trick in the affair ; but that some natural cause really existed , though never understood .— ( Vol . I. p . 163 .) P. T. W . CURIOUS PARTICULARS RELATING TO HURLEY , IN BERKSHIRE . ( For the Mirror .) Mr. Ireland , in his “ Picturesque views on the river Thames , ” observes that “ the fascinating scenery of this neighbourhood has peculiarly attracted the notice of the clergy of former periods . ” Hurley Place was originally a monastery . In the Domesday Book , it is said to have lately belonged to Edgar ; but was then the property of Geoffrey de Mandeville , who received it from William the Conqueror , as a reward for his gallant conduct in the battle of Hastings ; and in the year 1086 founded a monastery here for Benedictines , and annexed it as a cell to Westminster Abbey , where the original charter is still preserved . On the dissolution of the monasteries , Hurley became the property of a family named Chamberlain , of whom it was purchased , in the reign of Queen Elizabeth , by Richard Lovelace , a soldier of fortune , who went on an expedition against the Spaniards with Sir Francis Drake , and erected the present mansion on the ruins of the ancient building , with the property he acquired in that enterprise . The remains of the monastery may be traced in the numerous apartments which occupy the west end of the house ; and in a vault beneath the hall some bodies in monkish habits have been found buried . Part of the chapel , or refectory , also , may be seen in the stables , the windows of which are of chalk ; and though made in the Conqueror 's time , appear as fresh as if they were of modern workmanship . The Hall is extremely spacious , occupying nearly half the extent of the house . The grand saloon is decorated in a singular style , the panels being painted with upright landscapes , the leafings of which are executed with a kind of silver lacker . The views seem to be Italian , and are reputed to have been the work of Salvator Rosa , purposely executed to embellish this apartment . The receipt of the painter is said to be in the possession of Mr. Wilcox , the late resident . During the reigns of Charles II ., and James , his successor , the principal nobility held frequent meetings in a subterraneous vault beneath this house , for the purpose of ascertaining the measures necessary to be pursued for reestablishing the liberties of the kingdom , which the insidious hypocrisy of one monarch , and the more avowed despotism of the other , had completely undermined and destroyed . It is reported also , that the principal papers which produced the revolution of 1688 , were signed in the dark recess at the end of the vault . These circumstances have been recorded by Mr. Wilcox , in an inscription written at the extremity of the vault , which , on account of the above circumstances , was visited by the Prince of Orange after he had obtained the crown ; by General Paoli in the year 1780 ; and by George III . on the 14th of November , 1785 . The Lovelace family was ennobled by Charles I ., who in the third year of his reign , created Richard Lovelace , Baron Hurley , which title became extinct in 1736 . The most valuable part of the estate was about that time sold to the Greave family and afterwards to the Duke of Marlborough : the other part , consisting of the mansion house and woodlands , to Mrs. Williams , sister to Dr. Wilcox , who was bishop of Rochester about the middle of the last century . This lady was enabled to make the purchase by a very remarkable instance of good fortune . She had bought two tickets in one lottery , both of which became prizes : the one of 500l ., the other of 20 , 000l . From the daughter of Mrs. Williams it descended to Mr. Wilcox in the year 1771 .— Beauties of England and Wales . P. T. W . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . CLAVERING 'S AUTO-BIOGRAPHY . Containing opinions , characters , & c. of his Cotemporaries . Shelley had some excellent qualities : I attribute his eccentricities to a spice of insanity . He often wrote unintelligibly ;— sometimes in short lyrics , beautifully . The ashes of him and Keats sleep together in the Protestant chapel at Rome . I am resolved once more to visit Lirici , where the funeral pile of his relics were lighted . I am never so happy as when I am travelling on the Continent ; the mere change of air , and locomotion , gives me vigour . I saw old Sir William Wraxall at Dover , a few days before he died , and meant to have accompanied him to Paris . He was still full of anecdote , to which it was necessary to listen with caution ; but his information was often curious and valuable . He was one of our oldest litterateurs . Some years ago I met Sismondi : I could not agree with his ULTRA-LIBERAL politics ! He has married an English lady , but does not seem to love the English . He himself once suffered from excessive revolutionism , and was condemned to death by it when young , about 1794 , in the reign of terror , when Monsieur Raville and others were shot at Geneva . One would have thought that this would have made a convert of him in favour of legitimate governments . But I forget : he does not call them legitimate ! He is a thick man , of middle height , with strong features , sallow , with weak eyes , rapid and rather indistinct in his articulation , with a character of great generosity and kindness ; but not very tolerant to others in political thinking . About 1802 , strange lawyers perched upon the judgment-seat . Law , Pepper , Arden , and John Mitford ! The little Pepper once took it into his head to review a cavalry regiment of fencibles , when he was Master of the Rolls . An unruly horse of one of the officers got head in a charge , and nearly ran over the affrighted judge . I was on the field , saw it all ; and heard the small , staring man 's terrible shriek ! He swore that nothing should ever make him go soldiering again ! He could not recollect his law-cases for a fortnight to come ! He had some fun about him , and was always crying out , “ Ne sutor ultra crepidam , ne sutor ultra crepidam . ” and indeed he looked like a shoemaker . A bowel-complaint carried him off . Perhaps it was the fright ! A certain learned theological bishop of that fraternity , a warm controversialist , long since dead , was of an amorous disposition . One day , being left alone with a pretty young lady , he began to be rude to her ; she knocked off his prelated wig , and stamped it under her foot . At that time the footman entered , and all was confusion ! The girl was in tears ; the bishop 's pate was bald . The footman was left to wonder ! Some squibs appeared in the papers of the day , which few understood . I wrote a piquant epigram , which I will not revive . Old Thurlow , who was the prelate 's friend and patron , laughed outright , and clapped me on the back when I dined with him a few days afterwards . I have been more than once in company with Washington Irving , a most amiable man and great genius , but not lively in conversation . The engraved portraits I have seen of him are not very like him . He frequented the reading-room of Galignani at Paris , and seemed to have some literary connexions with him . There I saw Captain Medwin , the author of the book called Lord Byron 's Conversations , which I believe to have been accurately reported . He was with his friend Grattan , the author of High-ways and Bye-ways . I was not personally acquainted with either of them . Grattan 's flat nose is somewhat concealed in the print given of him in Colburn 's Magazine , where this author , of course , makes a distinguished figure . The late Professor Pictet , of Geneva , who had spent some of his early days in England , and was very fond of it , told me some curious anecdotes of his countryman De Lolme , whose book on the English constitution is much more commended than it deserves . He once endeavoured to set up a rival Journal to Old Swinton 's Courrier de l'Europe , but his absurd denial of Rodney 's victory ruined the project . De Vergennes , the French minister , patronized it . Brissot was connected with Swinton in the above-named Journal . One of Swinton 's sons holds a high situation in the British Government in India :— another commanded a ship in the Company 's service . Old Swinton was a Scotch jacobite , and forfeited . Horace Walpole , who died Earl of Orford , was a little old man with small features — very lively and amusing ,— who talked just as he wrote : but a little too fond of baubles and curiosities . He had a witty mind , but not a great one :— yet he was a man of genius . His family was ancient , but his vanity made him always endeavour to represent it of much more consequence than it was . They had a great deal of the Norfolk squierarchy about them . He could not bear his uncle Horace , the diplomatist , whose son , the grandfather of the present earl , with his little tie-wig , looked like an old-fashioned glover . I have mentioned Mrs. Macauley , the historian . She had a dog latterly , of which she made a great pet , and on being asked why she bestowed so much care on it , she answered — “ Why ! are you aware whence it came ? It is a true republican , and has been stroked by the hand of Washington ! ” The event of the French Revolution maddened her with joy ; but when the news came of Louis the Sixteenth 's escape , and before she heard he had been brought back , she took to her bed , wrote to her friends that she should die of the disappointment — and did die . She complained that Dr. Graham had given her a love-potion ! Her young husband used her ill . Tom Warton , the poet , was a good-natured man , but addicted to low company . He was fond of “ Smoking his pipe upon an alehouse bench ; ” He was tutor to Colonel North , the son of the minister , who thought he neglected him . This connexion , perhaps , led him to write the Life of Sir Thomas Pope , or rather that this family were founders of Warton 's college . He also wrote the life of the President Bathurst , who was elder brother of Sir Benjamin Bathurst , a commercial man , father to the first Lord Bathurst , the friend of Pope the poet , and who lived to the age of ninety , in possession of his faculties ,— always calling his son , the Chancellor , “ the old man ! ” He was one of Queen Anne 's twelve peers — but so rapid has been the extinction and change , that the Bathursts are now considered old nobility . He sprung from one of the Grey Coat families in the weald of Kent , the clothiers . Old Dr. Farmer , the head of Emanuel College , Cambridge , Prebendary of Canterbury , and afterwards of St. Paul 's , or Westminster , used to frequent a club in London , to which I belonged . He was at first reserved and silent : but his forte was humour and drollery . At Cambridge he neglected forms and ceremonies in his college too much : and was in all his glory when in dishabille in his study , with his cat by his side , and his Shakspeare tracts about him . He found no literature at Canterbury , and was disgusted with his brother members of the cathedral : quaint Dean Horne , and chattering romancing Dr. Berkeley , and his rhodomontading wife , were not suited to him , and as little her son Monke Berkeley , of whom she gave such an absurd and mendacious memoir , and who had none of his celebrated grandfather Bishop Berkeley 's genius . Farmer had some cleverness , but no leading talent . He collected an immense quantity of rare and forgotten old English books — especially poetry and the drama — at a trifling price . Todd , the learned editor of Milton , Spencer , & c ., was then a member of that cathedral ; but as his literary superiority was not pleasant to those above him in that establishment , he was got rid of by promotion , elsewhere , out of their patronage . He wrote the lives of the Deans of that Church , which does not rise to more than local interest . It is a dull book . It has been my fate to be Acquainted with Irish Secretaries . I saw much of little Charles Abbot — afterwards Speaker — and at last Lord Colchester . He was a pompous dwarf ; yet of an analytical head . Nothing could be more amusing than to see him strut up the House of Commons to take the chair ; nor was the amusement less to listen to him , when he delivered his edicts , or the thanks of the House from the chair . His sonorous voice issuing from a diminutive person , and the epigrammatic points of empty sentences , formed with great artifice , were in very bad taste — though much admired by a House which consisted of so few men of a classical education . His rise was extraordinary , because his talents little exceeded mediocrity . But he was a courtier , and an intriguant . He was the son of a schoolmaster at Colchester . Swift , though of English extraction , was born in Ireland . From some memoranda of my grandfather 's , I learn , that he did not speak of his residence with Sir William Temple at Moore Park , in Surrey , without spleen . He seemed to retain a sort of unwilling awe of Sir William ; but not to have loved him . Sir William was a ceremonious courtier : Swift 's early habits were somewhat rude and slovenly . Swift had genius , as Gulliver 's travels prove ; but there is no genius in his poetry . He was both proud and vain . His ancestor was the rector of a small living in Kent ; his father an attorney . When I was quartered at Canterbury , I saw the monument for one of his ancestors , preserved out of the old church at St. Andrew 's and replaced in the new one . The arms sculptured on it are totally different from what Swift erroneously supposes the family to have borne : this ancestor was minister of that parish — not a prebendary , as Swift represents . Miss Vanhomrigg was cousin of my grandfather , who considered that Swift had used her very cruelly . I often met the late Monsieur Etienne Dumont , of Geneva , the friend and commentator of old Jeremy Bentham , at Romilly 's house in London , in 1789 . He was a man of astonishing talents , sagacity , acuteness , and clearness of head . What part he had in the brilliant effusions of Mirabeau , and in the French Revolution , may be seen by his posthumous work , just published at Paris , entitled Souvenirs de Mirabeau . He was a short , thick man , of coarse features , blear eyed , and slovenly in his dress ; but of mild manners , hospitable , an excellent story-teller , and much beloved . I think he had been at one time librarian to old Lord Lansdowne . He died at Milan , in 1829 , aged about 70 . The French cannot contain their rage at the exposure that he was the spirit who moved their brilliant Mirabeau . I was once talking to Anna Maria Porter about him , when she expressed her astonishment at the admiration I bestowed on him ! She said , “ I thought you was a Whig , and an aristocrat ! how can you commend a revolutionary radical ? ” I answered , “ You mistake his character , he is not a radical in the sense you mean ! he considers Tom Paine 's Rights of Man to be mischievous nonsense ! ” I could not convince her : but I made my peace with her by praising , with the utmost sincerity , her beautiful novel , The Recluse of Norway . I found her full of good sense , and with much command of language . She will forgive me for saying she had not the personal beauty of her gentle sister Jane . She paid many compliments to the imaginative vivants of the green island ; for she perceived by my tones that I was an Irishman , though I am not sure , that she knew even my name ; for the company was numerous , and of all countries . It was an evening assembly , in which the rooms were so full , that one could hardly move . Tommy Moore was there , and though he is a very little man , he was the great lion of the evening : all the young ladies were dying to see the bard whose verses they had chanted so often with thrilling bosoms , and tears running down their cheeks . They were not quite satisfied when they saw a diminutive man , not reaching five feet , with a curly natural brown scratch , handing about an ugly old dowager or two , who fondly leaned upon his arms , even though they discovered them to be ladies of high titles . Rogers came in late , and went away early , looking sallower and more indifferent than usual . He paid a few bows and compliments to two or three noble peeresses , and then retired . The Rev . Thomas Frognel Dibdin was there . He was very facetious and quaint : when he found himself by my side , he instantly started off , crying to me ; “ Brobdignagian ; We Lilliputians must not stand by you ! You would make a soldier for the King of Prussia ! Look at that tall lady there , that Miss de V ——; why do you not take her for a wife ? ” E —— G —— n heard what he said , and looked fierce at us both ! I expected another Bluviad ! Perhaps the ingenious bibliographer does not recollect the conversation ; but he may be assured it took place . And I entreat also Anna Maria Porter to tax her memory , and recall the very interesting and sensible conversation I had with her . I told her some anecdotes of her brother , Sir Robert , whom I met on our travels , which pleased her . Jane would not talk much that night ; something heavy seemed to have seized her spirits . Let Jane recollect how she once related to me the curious history and character of Percival Stockdale ! It happened at the house of a friend in London , whom I shall not point out with too much particularity . Dibdin endeavoured to excite the envy of some of us litterateurs , that we were not , like him , members of the Roxburgh , which had dukes , and earls , and chancellors of the exchequer , and judges , and the great Magician of the North into the bargain !— Metropolitan . TO A CHILD IN PRAYER . Fold thy little hands in prayer , Bow down at thy Maker 's knee ; Now thy sunny face is fair , Shining through thy golden hair , Thine eyes are passion-free ; And pleasant thoughts like garlands bind thee Unto thy home , yet Grief may find thee — Then pray , Child , pray ! Now thy young heart like a bird Singeth in its summer nest , No evil thought , no unkind word . No bitter , angry voice hath stirr 'd The beauty of its rest . But winter cometh , and decay Wasteth thy verdant home away — Then pray , Child , pray ! Thy Spirit is a House of Glee , And Gladness harpeth at the door , While ever with a merry shout Hope , the May-Queen , danceth out , Her lips with music running o'er ! But Time those strings of Joy will sever . And Hope will not dance on for ever ; Then pray , Child , pray ! Now thy Mother 's Hymn abideth Round they pillow in the night , And gentle feet creep to thy bed , And o'er thy quiet face is shed The taper 's darken 'd light . But that sweet Hymn shall pass away , By thee no more those feet shall stay ; Then pray , Child , pray ! New Monthly Magazine . SONG . BY JAMES SHERIDAN KNOWLES . A Fair lady looks out from her lattice — but why Do tears bedim that lady 's eye ? Below stands the knight who her favour wears , But be mounts not the turret to dry her tears ; He springs on his charger — “ Farewell ;— he is gone , And the lady is left in her turret alone . “ Ply the distaff , my maids — ply the distaff — before It is spun , he may happen to stand at the door . ” There was never an eye than that lady 's more bright ,— Why speeds then away her favour 'd knight ? The couch which her white fingers broider 'd so fair , Were a far softer seat than the saddle of war ; What 's more tempting than love ? In the patriot 's sight The battle of freedom he hastens to fight ; “ Ply the distaff , my maids — ply the distaff — before It is spun , he may happen to stand at the door . ” The fair lady looks out from her lattice , but now Her eye is as bright as her fair shining brow : And is sorrow so fleeting ?— Love 's tears — dry they fast ? The stronger is love , is't the less sure to last ? Whose arm sees her knight round her waist ?— ‘ Tis his own ; By the battle she wept for , her lover is won ; “ Ply the distaff , my maids , ply the distaff no more ; Would you spin when already he stands at the door ? ” Monthly Magazine . Illustration LORD CORNWALLIS 'S MONUMENT , IN INDIA . The annexed cut represents the mausoleum of the Marquess of Cornwallis , whose distinguished connexion with the success of British arms in India will be recollected by the reader . It stands at Ghazepoor , a large town or city , in the province of Benares , on the river Ganges , about 450 miles from Calcutta . His lordship died on the river in the year 1805 , while proceeding to make the requisite arrangements for some ceded prisoners . He was , at the time , governor-general of India , having been appointed to succeed the Marquess Wellesley , in 1804 . The last act of his life accords with his general activity and vigilance , for he always gave his instructions in person , and attended to the performance of them . His personal character was amiable and unassuming , and if his talents were not brilliant , his sound sense , aided by his laudable ambition and perseverance , effected much good . The monument is built of stone , and cost a lac of rupees , or 10 , 000l . It is surrounded by an iron railing , and its vicinity is the favourite promenade of the gentry of Ghazepoor , which has been termed the Montpellier of India . Bishop Heber , in his interesting Journey through India , objects to the architectural taste of the monument in these critical observations : “ During our drive this evening I had a nearer view of Lord Cornwallis 's monument , which certainly does not improve on close inspection ; it has been evidently a very costly building ; its materials are excellent , being some of the finest free-stone I ever saw , and it is an imitation of the celebrated Sibyl 's temple , of large proportions , solid masonry , and raised above the ground on a lofty and striking basement . But its pillars , instead of beautiful Corinthian well-fluted , are of the meanest Doric . They are quite too slender for their height , and for the heavy entablature and cornice which rest on them . The dome instead of springing from nearly the same level with the roof of the surrounding portico , is raised ten feet higher on a most ugly and unmeaning attic story , and the windows ( which are quite useless ) are the most extraordinary embrasures ( for they resemble nothing else ) that I ever saw , out of a fortress . Above all , the building is utterly unmeaning , it is neither a temple nor a tomb , neither has altar , statue , nor inscription . It is , in fact , a ‘ folly ’ of the same sort , but far more ambitious and costly , than that which is built at Barrackpoor , and it is vexatious to think that a very handsome church might have been built , and a handsome marble monument to Lord Cornwallis placed in its interior , for little more money than has been employed on a thing , which , if any foreigner saw it , ( an event luckily not very probable ) would afford subject for mockery to all who read his travels , at the expense of Anglo-Indian ideas of architecture . Ugly as it is , however , by itself , it may yet be made a good use of , by making it serve the purpose of a detached ‘ torre campanile ’ to the new church which is required for the station ; to this last it would save the necessity of a steeple or cupola , and would much lessen the expense of the building . ” THE NATURALIST . We quote these Facts from the Correspondence of the Magazine of Natural History for May . Luminous appearance on the ears of a Horse . When we cannot find a satisfactory solution for any puzzling occurrence which we are desirous of investigating , perhaps the best way is to endeavour to accumulate a series of facts of the same kind . Some years ago , I was riding from Edinburgh : it was ( as I happen to recollect ) on the 12th of November , and in the evening . There had been , since past midday , a succession of those stormy clouds , driven by a westerly wind , which are common at that season . Perhaps the wind was a point or two to the north of west , if it makes any difference , and during the intervals there was always a comparative calm or slackening of the wind . I was once taken by one of these storm-clouds about Nether Libberton , on the Dalkeith road . I used the spur a little ; and , having been a yeoman for many years , I was unconsciously holding a small rattan cane somewhat after the mode of “ carry swords . ” Roused by the velocity of the wind , and the darkness of the passing cloud , I naturally turned my eyes to the right , and was not a little surprised to observe a pale clear flame , in form like that of a small candle , playing upon the point of the cane . Taking it for granted , forthwith , that a stream of electricity , attracted by the cane , was passing from the cloud through my body , and through the horse , into the ground , I instantly turned it downwards . At the time I did not wait to consider that I was in the hollow of the valley between one of the highest of the Pentlands and Arthur 's Seat , and that there were higher objects than myself , and scattered trees in the neighbourhood far more likely to act upon the cloud , or be exposed to its influence . A short time after this happened , I mentioned the circumstance of the flame to a friend . He told me , in return , that once , when riding between Hawick and Jedburgh , during a dark and stormy night , he was greatly annoyed , for most part of the way , by two flames , like candles , that appeared to issue from his horse 's ears . He certainly is as little likely to be affected by superstition as most men ; but never before having heard of such a circumstance , and the idea of electricity not then occurring to his mind , he could not help thinking that Will o ’ the wisp and he , hoping it was nothing worse , had got into rather too close intimacy . Another Correspondent says this luminous “ phenomenon may be often seen on a gravel walk upon a moist autumnal evening . It arises from something of a slimy nature emitted by the Scolop é ndra el é ctrica ( one of the animals vulgarly called centipedes ) , which is luminous . As the animal crawls , it leaves a long train of phosphoric light behind it on the ground , which is often mistaken for the presence of a glow-worm . In all probability , one of these animals had recently crawled over the head of the horse , or rather , might be still crawling there , and the person who saw it unconsciously watched its progress . ” The Short Sunfish appears to be the name of the “ Curious Fish , ” described by our indefatigable Correspondent , W. G. C ., in The Mirror , vol . xviii . p. 168 , and quoted by the Editor ; he mentioned the occurrence of this fish to Mr. Yarrell , who has furnished a list of references to most of the British authors by whom it has either been described or figured . ( See the Magazine , p . 316 .) By the way , Bishop Heber mentions a sun-fish , or , as it is popularly called Devil-fish : it is very large and nearly circular , with vivid colours about it , and it swims by lashing the water with its tail exactly on a level with the surface . The Char . The char ( S á lmo alp ì nus L .) is found in several of the deep and rocky lakes of England : viz . Coniston in Lancashire , Windermere in Westmoreland , Buttermere and Cromackwater in Cumberland , and , I believe , in Ulswater . My observations are confined to Windermere . Windermere is fed by two streams , which unite at the head of the lake , named the Brathy and the Rothay : the bottom of the former is rocky , and that of the latter sandy . On the first sharp weather that occurs in November , the char makes up the Brathy , in large shoals , for the purpose of spawning , preferring that river to the Rothay , probably owing to the bottom being rocky , and resembling more the bottom of the lake ; and it is singular that those fish which ascend the Rothay invariably return and spawn in the Brathy ; they remain in this stream , and in the shallow parts of the lake , until the end of March . While spawning , their colour and spots are much darker than when in season ; the mouth and fins being of a deep yellow colour ; and they are covered with a thick slime at this time . In the water before Brathy Hall , at Clappersgate , hundreds may be seen rubbing and rooting at the bottom , endeavouring to free themselves from the slime , and probably insects that annoy them . Great quantities are caught during the spawning time , by the netters , for potting , and some are sent up fresh for the London market ; but those only who have eaten char in summer , on the spot , when they are in season , can tell how superior they are to those eaten in London in the winter . About the beginning of April , when the warm weather comes in , they retire into the deep parts of the lake ; where their principal food is the minnow ( Cyprinus Ph ò xinus , L .) , of which they are very fond . At this time , they are angled for by spinning a minnow ; but , in a general way , the sport is indifferent , and the persevering angler is well rewarded if he succeed in killing two brace a day . A more successful mode of taking them is by fastening a long and heavily leaded line , and hook baited with a minnow , to the stern of a boat , which is slowly and silently rowed along : in this way they are taken during the early summer months ; but when the hot weather comes in , they are seldom seen . They feed , probably , at night ; and although they never leave the lake , except during the period of spawning , nothing is more uncommon than taking a char in July and August . When in season , they are strong and vigorous fish , and afford the angler excellent sport . They differ little in size , three fish generally weighing about 2lbs . : occasionally , one is caught larger , but they seldom vary more than an ounce . The char , as it is well known , is a singularly beautiful fish , and is accurately described by Pennant . The fishermen about the lakes speak of two sorts , the case char and the gilt char ; the latter being a fish that has not spawned in the preceding season , and on that account said to be of a more delicate flavour , but in other respects there is no difference . DUTCH RUSHES . The Equis è tum hyem à le , is commonly sold under the name of Dutch rushes , for the purpose of polishing wood and ivory . If the rush be burnt carefully , a residuum of unconsumable matter will be left , and this held up to the light will show a series of little points , arranged spirally and symmetrically , which are the portions of silex the fire had not dissipated ; and it is this serrated edge which seems to render the plant so efficient in attrition . Wheaten and oaten straw are also found by the experience of our good housewives to be good polishers of their brass milk vessels , without its being at all suspected by them that it is the flint deposited in the culms which makes it so useful .— Magazine of Natural History , March . WOLF-DOG . In Hutton 's Museum at Keswick , is a large stuffed dog ( very much resembling a wolf , and having its propensities ) , which some years ago spread devastation amongst the flocks of sheep in this neighbourhood : a reward was offered for its destruction , and , though hunted by men and dogs , its caution and swiftness eluded their pursuit , till it was found asleep under a hedge , and in that position shot .— Corresp . Mag . Nat . Hist . DUCKS . “ While our voiturier , ” says Mr. Bakewell , “ was resting his horses at Villeneuve , I observed a singular instance of sagacity in some ducks that were collected under the carriage . On our throwing out pieces of hard biscuit , which were too large for them to swallow whole , they made many efforts to break them with their beaks ; failing in this , the younger ones gave up the spoil , but some of the older ducks carried parts of the biscuit to a pool of standing water , and held them to soak , till sufficiently soft to be broken and swallowed with great facility . I must leave it to metaphysicians to determine whether this process was the result of induction or instinct . ” POISON OF TOADS . The circumstance of toads spitting poison , is mentioned in M. L. B 's . interesting paper on the Superstitions relative to Animals . The following is the opinion of Dr. E. J . Clark on this subject , delivered at a recent lecture . S. H . “ The opinions of the vulgar are generally founded upon something . That the toad spits poison has been treated as ridiculous ; but though it may be untrue that what the creature spits affects man , yet I am of opinion that it does spit venom . A circumstance related to me by a friend of mine , has tended to strengthen my opinion . He was a timber merchant , and had a favourite cat who was accustomed to stand by him while he was removing the timber ; when , ( as was often the case ) a mouse was found concealed among it , the cat used to kill it . One day the gentleman was at his usual employment , and the cat standing by him , when she jumped on what he supposed to be a mouse , and immediately uttered aloud cry of agony ; she then stole away into a corner of the yard , and died in a few minutes . It turned out that she had jumped on a toad . ” THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . SCRIPTURAL ANTIQUITIES . ( Concluded from page 411 .) Phenomenon of the Rainbow . It seems to us very probable , that the density of the atmosphere was changed at the deluge , having been considerably attenuated , nor can this inference be regarded in the light of mere speculation : there seems sufficient evidence that it really must have been so . The rainbow appearing for the first time — the abbreviation of human life , and the diminished size of animal and vegetable forms , all seem to require this condition . Far be it from us to doubt the direct interposition of JEHOVAH in this catastrophe , but GOD sometimes employs secondary agents to effect his designs . “ I do set , ” says the ALMIGHTY , “ my bow in the cloud , and it shall be for a token of the covenant between me and the earth . And it shall come to pass , when I bring a cloud over the earth , that the bow shall be seen in the cloud ; and I will remember my covenant , which is between me and you , and every living creature of all flesh : and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh . ” It cannot be reasonably supposed , that the rainbow ever appeared before the deluge , nor from our previous remarks , is it at all necessary to suppose it . Had the patriarchs seen this beautiful phenomenon in an antediluvian world , its recurrence after the deluge could not have been a symbol of security , since , though the spectacle had been already witnessed , the deluge had supervened ; but it was a new phenomenon , the consequence of the altered condition of the atmosphere , and was perhaps the result of a super-added law . The design implies stipulations of a somewhat similar description , and even pagan testimony might be cited as concurring in this view of it . Greek : En nephei staerixe teras meropon anthropon . ][ 5 “ Jove 's wondrous bow of three celestial dies , Plac 'd , as a sign to man , amidst the skies . ” The Fall of Manna . This remarkable and providential supply is thus described : “ When the dew that lay was gone up , behold upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing , as small as the hoar-frost , on the ground . ” We are further told , that “ when the sun waxed hot it melted ; ” and when preserved until the following day it became corrupt , and “ bred worms . ” To preserve the extra measure which they collected on the sixth day , Moses directed that on that day of the week they were “ to bake and seethe ” what should be required on the morrow , as on the sabbath none should fall . It is further added ,— “ And the house of Israel called the name thereof manna : and it was like coriander-seed , white ; taste of it was like wafers made with honey . ” Such are the curious and interesting particulars supplied by the Sacred Text . It is well known that a substance is used in medicine under this name , chiefly obtained from the Calabrias , and is collected from the leaves of the ornus rotundifolia , ( fruxinas ornus , of Linnaeus ,) and a somewhat similar substance obtains in the onion ; but from its purgative qualities , it is sufficiently obvious that the manna of the Scriptures is altogether different . According to Seetzen , Wortley Montague , Burckhardt , and other travellers , a natural production exudes from the spines of a species of tamarix , in the peninsula of Sinai . It condenses before sunrise , but dissolves in the sun-beam . “ Its taste , ” it is added , “ is agreeable , somewhat aromatic , and as sweet as honey . It may be kept for a year , and is only found after a wet season . ” The Arabs collect it and use it with their bread . In the vicinity of Mount Sinai , where it is most plentiful , the quantity collected in the most favourable season does not exceed six hundredweight . The author of the “ History of the Jews ” has a note to the following effect : “ The author , by the kindness of a traveller , recently returned from Egypt , has received a small quantity of manna ; it was , however , though still palatable , in a liquid state , from the heat of the sun . He has obtained the additional curious fact , that manna , if not boiled or baked , will not keep more than a day , but becomes putrid and breeds maggots . It is described as a small round substance , and is brought in by the Arabs in small quantities mixed with sand . ” It would appear from these very interesting facts , that this exudation , which transpires from the thorns or leaves of the tamarix , is altogether different from the manna of the manna-ash . We cannot doubt , from the entire coincidence in every respect , that the manna found in the wilderness of Sinai by the Arabs now , is identical with that of the Scriptures . That the minute particulars recorded should be every whit verified by modern research and discovery , is worthy of great attention . As Moses directed Aaron to “ take a pot and put an omer full of manna therein , and lay it up before the LORD , ( in the ark ,) to be kept for the generations of Israel , ” as a memorial ; so the remarkable phenomenon remains in evidence of the truth of the narrative . The miracle , however , remains precisely as it was . There is sufficient to appeal to , as an existing and perpetual memorial to all generations . The MIRACLE , from which there can be no appeal , and which allows of no equivocation , consisted in its ample abundance , in its continued supply , and its complete intermission on the sacred day of rest . Nutritious substances have fallen from the atmosphere in some countries ; such , for example , was that which fell a few years ago in Persia , and was examined by Thenard . It proved to be a nutritious substance referable to a vegetable origin . We have before us , at the moment of writing these pages , a small work , printed at Naples in 1793 , the author of which is Gaetano Maria La Pira ; it is entitled , “ Memoria sulla pioggia della Manna , ” & c .: and describes a shower of manna which fell in Sicily , in the month of September , 1792 . The author , a professor of chemistry , at Naples , gives an interesting account of the circumstances under which it was found , together with a variety of interesting particulars , some of which we shall select , and we do so to prove that a similar substance may have an aerial origin , though carried up in the first instance , it may be , by the process of evaporation ;— this would considerably modify the product . On the 26th September , 1792 , a fall of manna took place at a district in Sicily , called Fiume grande ; this singular shower lasted , it is stated , for about an hour and a half . It commenced at twenty-two o'clock , according to Italian time , or about five o'clock in the afternoon : the space covered with this manna seems to have been considerable . A second shower covered a space of thirty-eight paces in length , by fourteen in breadth . This second shower of manna , which took place on the following day , was not confined to the Fiume grande , but seems to have fallen in still greater abundance in another place , called Santa Barbara , at a considerable distance : it covered a space of two hundred and fifty paces in length , by fourteen paces in breadth . An individual , named Guiseppe Giarrusso , informed Sig . G. M . La Pira , that about half-past eight o'clock , A. M ., he witnessed this shower of manna , and described it as composed of extremely minute drops , which , as soon as they fell , congealed into a white concrete substance ; and the quantity was such , that the whole surface of the ground was covered , and presented the appearance of snow : the depth , in all cases , seems to have been inconsiderable . This aerial manna was somewhat purgative , when administered internally ; and the chemical analysis of it seemed to prove , that its constituents , though somewhat different from that obtained from the ornus rotundifolia , [ 6 ] did not materially differ from the latter in its constituents . Sig . La Pira describes it of a white colour , and somewhat granular or spherical ; it seems to have had some resemblance , externally , to that of the Scriptures ; but it is not stated that it became corrupt on being preserved . Water from the Rock . At the rock , in Horeb , called Meribah , Moses miraculously supplied the people with water . He smote the rock , and an abundant stream immediately issued : this extraordinary source of supply is now dried up , but there is still left sufficient evidence to confirm the fact . It will suffice for our purpose that we quote , in corroboration , the description of an eye-witness and recent traveller : “ We came to the celebrated rock of Meribah . It still bears striking evidence of the miracle about it ; and it is quite isolated in the midst of a narrow valley , which is here about two hundred yards broad . There are four or five fissures , one above the other , on the face of the rock , each of them about a foot and a half long , and a few inches deep . What is remarkable , they run along the breadth of the rock , and are not rent downwards ; they are more than a foot asunder , and there is a channel worn between them by the gushing of the water . The Arabs still reverence this rock . ” Dr. Clarke only spoke the truth when he asserted that the BIBLE was the best itinerary that the traveller in Palestine could possess . “ Weighing in the Balance . ” The sentence of the ALMIGHTY , emblazoned on the walls of the palace of Babylon , which registered the fate of Belshazzar , was deciphered by the skill of Daniel . Part of this sentence is thus interpreted : “ TEKEL ; Thou art weighed in the balances , and art found wanting . ” The author gives an interesting illustration of the allusion . Here , it will be perceived , is the balance in which the actions of the individual have been weighed ; and we have only further to remark , that the former Mogul kings were , on their ascending the throne , literally weighed . Thevenot gives an account of this curious affair in his time . The balance wherein this seems to have been performed , is described as being rich . The chains of suspension were of gold , and the two scales , studded with precious stones , also of gold , as well as the beam , & c. The king , richly attired and shining with jewels , goes into one of the scales of the balance , and sits on his heels . Into the other are put little bales , said to be full of gold , silver , and jewels , or of other costly materials . These little bales are described to be often changed . We have marked many more extracts than we can insert , and find that we must content ourselves , and we hope the author , with again directing attention to his very interesting production . [ 5 ] II . xi . v. 28 . [ 6 ] Also the oak , ilex , chestnut , & c. though less abundant and more rare than on the leaves of the manna-ash . The ordinary manna collected in Sicily , comes from districts in the Val Demone and the Val di Mazzara , at some distance from the localities where this aerial manna fell . NOTES OF A READER . PICTURE OF VENICE . ( From Contarini Fleming , a Psychological Autobiography .) An hour before sunset , I arrived at Fusina , and beheld , four or five miles out at sea , the towers and cupolas of Venice suffused with a rich golden light , and rising out of the bright blue waters . Not an exclamation escaped me . I felt like a man , who has achieved a great object . I was full of calm exultation , but the strange incident of the morning made me serious and pensive . As our gondolas glided over the great Lagune , the excitement of the spectacle reanimated me . The buildings , that I had so fondly studied in books and pictures , rose up before me . I knew them all ; I required no Cicerone . One by one , I caught the hooded Cupolas of St. Mark , the tall Campanile red in the sun , the Moresco Palace of the Doges , the deadly Bridge of Sighs , and the dark structure to which it leads . Here my gondola quitted the Lagune , and , turning up a small canal , and passing under a bridge which connected the quays , stopped at the steps of a palace . I ascended a staircase of marble , I passed through a gallery crowded with statues , I was ushered into spacious apartments , the floors of which were marble , and the hangings satin . The ceilings were painted by Tintoretto and his scholars , and were full of Turkish trophies and triumphs over the Ottomite . The furniture was of the same rich material as the hangings , and the gilding , although of two hundred years ’ duration , as bright and burnished , as the costly equipment of a modern palace . From my balcony of blinds , I looked upon the great Lagune . It was one of those glorious sunsets which render Venice , in spite of her degradation , still famous . The sky and sea vied in the brilliant multiplicity of their blended tints . The tall shadows of her Palladian churches flung themselves over the glowing and transparent wave out of which they sprang . The quays were crowded with joyous groups , and the black gondolas flitted , like sea serpents , over the red and rippling waters . I hastened to the Place of St. Mark . It was crowded and illuminated . Three gorgeous flags waved on the mighty staffs , which are opposite the church in all the old drawings , and which once bore the standards of Candia and Cyprus , and the Morea . The coffee-houses were full , and gay parties , seated on chairs in the open air , listened to the music of military bands , while they refreshed themselves with confectionary so rich and fanciful , that it excites the admiration , and the wonder of all travellers , but which I have since discovered in Turkey to be Oriental . The variety of costume was also great . The dress of the lower orders in Venice is still unchanged : many of the middle classes yet wear the cap and cloak . The Hungarian and the German military , and the bearded Jew , with his black velvet cap and flowing robes , are observed with curiosity . A few days also before my arrival , the Austrian squadron had carried into Venice a Turkish ship and two Greek vessels which had violated the neutrality . Their crews now mingled with the crowd . I beheld , for the first time , the haughty and turbaned Ottoman , sitting cross-legged on his carpet under a colonnade , sipping his coffee and smoking a long chiboque , and the Greeks , with their small red caps , their high foreheads , and arched eyebrows . Can this be modern Venice , I thought ? Can this be the silent , and gloomy , and decaying city , over whose dishonourable misery I have so often wept ? Could it ever have been more enchanting ? Are not these indeed still subjects of a Doge , and still the bridegroom of the ocean ? Alas ! the brilliant scene was as unusual as unexpected , and was accounted for by its being the feast day of a favourite saint . Nevertheless , I rejoiced at the unaccustomed appearance of the city at my entrance , and still I recall with pleasure the delusive moments , when strolling about the place of St. Mark the first evening that I was in Venice , I for a moment mingled in a scene that reminded me of her lost light-heartedness , and of that unrivalled gaiety that so long captivated polished Europe . SWISS LEGEND OF WILLIAM TELL . The famous episode of William Tell , was momentous to the main plot of the emancipation of Switzerland in its issue . This man , who was one of the sworn at Rutli , and noted for his high and daring spirit , exposed himself to arrest by Gessler 's myrmidons , for passing the hut without making obeisance . Whispers of conspiracy had already reached the vogt , and he expected to extract some farther evidence from Tell on the subject . Offended by the man 's obstinate silence , he gave loose to his tyrannical humour , and knowing that Tell was a good archer , commanded him to shoot from a great distance at an apple on the head of his child . God , says an old chronicler , was with him ; and the vogt , who had not expected such a specimen of skill and fortune , now cast about for new ways to entrap the object of his malice ; and , seeing a second arrow in his quiver , asked him what that was for ? Tell replied , evasively , that such was the usual practice of archers . Not content with this reply , the vogt pressed him on farther , and assured him of his life , whatever the arrow might have been meant for . “ Vogt , ” said Tell , “ had I shot my child , the second shaft was for THEE ; and be sure I should not have missed my mark a second time ! ” Transported with rage not unmixed with terror , Gessler exclaimed , “ Tell ! I have promised thee life , but thou shalt pass it in a dungeon . ” Accordingly , he took boat with his captive , intending to transport him across the lake to Kussnacht in Schwytz , in defiance of the common right of the district , which provided that its natives should not be kept in confinement beyond its borders . A sudden storm on the lake overtook the party ; and Gessler was obliged to give orders to loose Tell from his fetters , and commit the helm to his hands , as he was known for a skilful steersman . Tell guided the vessel to the foot of the great Axenberg , where a ledge of rock distinguished to the present day as Tell 's platform , presented itself as the only possible landing-place for leagues around . Here he seized his cross-bow , and escaped by a daring leap , leaving the skiff to wrestle its way in the billows . The vogt also escaped the storm , but only to meet a fate more signal from Tell 's bow in the narrow pass near Kussnacht . The tidings of his death enhanced the courage of the people , but also alarmed the vigilance of their rulers , and greatly increased the dangers of the conspirators , who kept quiet . These occurrences marked the close of 1307 .— Cabinet Cyclopaedia . History of Switzerland . GREAT PLAGUE IN THE FOURTEENTH CENTURY . The early triumphs of Swiss valour were saddened by the breaking out of that great plague , which visited with its ravages the greater part of Europe and Asia , and of which the most vivid delineation ever written ( except that of a similar pest by Thucydides ) has been preserved in the Decameron of Boccacio . Whole towns were depopulated . Estates were left without claimants or occupiers . Priests , physicians , grave-diggers , could not be found in adequate numbers ; and the consecrated earth of the churchyards no longer sufficed for the reception of its destined tenants . In the order of Franciscans alone , 120 , 430 monks are said to have perished . This plague had been preceded by tremendous earthquakes , which laid in ruins towns , castles , and villages . Dearth and famine , clouds of locusts , and even an innocent comet , had been long before regarded as fore-runners of the pestilence ; and when it came it was viewed as an unequivocal sign of the wrath of God . At the outset , the Jews became , as usual , objects of umbrage , as having occasioned this calamity by poisoning the wells . A persecution was commenced against them , and numberless innocent persons were consigned , by heated fanaticism , to a dreadful death by fire , and their children were baptized over the corpses of their parents , according to the religion of their murderers . These atrocities were in all probability perpetrated by many , in order to possess themselves of the wealth acquired by the Jews in traffic , to take revenge for their usurious extortions , or , finally , to pay their debts in the most expeditious and easy manner . When it was found that the plague was nowise diminished by massacring the Jews , but , on the contrary , seemed to acquire additional virulence , it was inferred that God , in his righteous wrath , intended nothing less than to extirpate the whole sinful race of man . Many now endeavoured by self-chastisement to avert the divine vengeance from themselves . Fraternities of hundreds and thousands collected under the name of Flagellants , strolled through the land in strange garbs , scourged themselves in the public streets , in penance for the sins of the world , and read a letter which was said to have fallen from heaven , admonishing all to repentance and amendment . They were joined of course , by a crowd of idle vagabonds , who , under the mask of extraordinary sanctity and humble penitence , indulged in every species of disorder and debauchery . At last the affair assumed so grave an aspect , that the pope and many secular princes declared themselves against the Flagellants , and speedily put an end to their extravagancies . Various ways were still , however , resorted to by various tempers to snatch the full enjoyment of that life which they were so soon to lose , at the expense of every possible violation of the laws of morality . Only a few lived on in a quiet and orderly manner , in reliance on the saving help of God , without running into any excess of anxiety or indulgence . After this desolating scourge had raged during four years , its violence seemed at length to be exhausted .— Ibid . WATERING PLACES IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY . Baden , the well-known and much-frequented watering-place , has been long celebrated . The following account of it in the fifteenth century is interesting . Those warriors who would wile away the interval between one campaign and another agreeably , betook themselves to Baden in Aargau . Here in a narrow valley , where the Limmat flows through its rocky bed , are hot springs of highly medicinal properties . Hither , to the numerous houses of public entertainment , resorted prelates , abbots , monks , nuns , soldiers , statesmen , and all sorts of artificers . As in our fashionable watering-places , most of the visitors merely sought to dissipate ennui , enjoy life , and pursue pleasure . The baths were most crowded at an early hour in the morning , and those who did not bathe resorted thither to see acquaintances , with whom they could hold conversation from the galleries round the bath-rooms , while the bathers played at various games , or ate from floating tables . Lovely females did not disdain to sue for alms from the gallery-loungers , who threw down coins of small amount , to enjoy the ensuing scramble . Flowers were strewn on the surface of the water , and the vaulted roof rang with music , vocal , and instrumental . Towards noon the company sallied forth to the meadows in the neighbourhood , acquaintances were easily made , and strangers soon became familiar . The pleasures of the table were followed by jovial pledges in swift succession , till fife and drum summoned to the dance . Now fell the last barriers of reserve and decorum ; and it is time to drop a veil over the scene . Ibid . THE GATHERER . Morland .— George Morland 's brother was telling me the other day , that he well remembered going with his brother in a hack to Smithfield , buying a young donkey there , and bringing it home with them in the coach ; his brother laughing almost all the time . M. L. E . The Three Death 's Heads .— The following words ( much altered ) are from a poem entitled , “ The Thre ’ Deid Powis ” , ( The Three Death 's Heads , by Patrick Johnstoun .) “ O , lady gay , in glittering garments drest , Enrich 'd with pearl , and many a costly stone , Thy slender throat , and soft and snowy breast Circled with gold and sapphires many a one . Thy fingers small , white as the ivory bone , Arrayed with rings , and many a ruby red ; Soon shall thy fresh and rose-like bloom be gone , And naught of thee remain , but grim and hollow head . O , woeful pride ! dark root of all distress ! With contrite heart , our fleshless scalps behold ! O wretched man , to God , meek prayers address . Thy lusty strength , thy wit , thy daring bold , All shall lie low with us in charnel cold : Proud king , ‘ tis thus thy pamper 'd corpse shall rot ; Thus , in the dust thy purple pomp be roll 'd , Mark then , in peeled skull , thy miserable lot . ” Bushy .— Bushy , a small village , near Watford , seems to have been very unfortunate in its ancient owners . Its first Norman possessor , Geoffrey de Mandeville , having incurred the Pope 's displeasure , was obliged to be suspended in lead , on a tree , in the precinct of the Temple , London , because Christian burial was not allowed to persons under such circumstances . Edmond of Woodstock , was beheaded through the vile machinations of Queen Isabella , and her paramour , Mortimer , on a suspicion of intending to restore his brother , Edward II . to the throne ; and so much was he beloved by the people , and his persecutors detested , that he stood from one to five in the afternoon before an executioner could be procured , and then an outlaw from the Marshalsea performed the detested duty . Thomas , Duke of Surrey , was beheaded at Cirencester , in rebellion against Henry IV . Thomas de Montacute , Earl of Salisbury , after obtaining the highest honour in the campaigns in France with Henry V. was killed by the splinter of a window-frame , driven into his face by a cannon ball , at the siege of Orleans . Richard , the stout Earl of Warwick , another possessor , was killed at Barnet . George , Duke of Clarence , was drowned in a butt of Malmsey . Richard III . was the next possessor . Lady Margaret de la Pole , was beheaded at the age of seventy-two , by the cruel policy of Henry VIII ., in revenge for a supposed affront by her son the Cardinal . In this parish also lived the infamous Colonel Titus , who advised Cromwell to deliver the nation from its yoke , in a pamphlet , entitled Killing no Murder . West .— A New York paper states that the old sign of the Bull 's Head , which has hung at a house in Strawberry-street , for nearly seventy years , is ascertained to be one of the first productions of Benjamin West , and is said to be the first painting of the kind ever executed in America . The wood on which it is painted is much decayed , but the paint and figures are visible . Congreve is said to have written his comedy of the Old Bachelor and part of the Mourning Bride , in a grotto formed in a steep rocky hill in the grounds of Ham Hall , in Dove Dale , Derbyshire . This romantic retreat was furnished with a stone seat and table , and herein the poet and dramatist was accustomed to seek refuge from the license of a London life . Rousseau appears to have been one of the unhappiest as well as the most unamiable of men . He imagined himself the persecuted of all persecutors , and sought an asylum in England from his supposed enemies . In April , 1766 , having just settled in Derbyshire , he wrote “ Here I have just arrived at last at an agreeable and sequestered asylum , where I hope to breathe freely , and at peace . ” He lived chiefly at Wootton Hall , and delighted to pass his leisure in the romantic Dove Dale . He did not , however , long remain “ at peace , ” for in April following , he returned to the continent , heaping reproaches on his best friends . The rent of the house in which he lived had been greatly reduced , to allure him into the country ; his spirit revolted at this ; and as soon as he heard of it he indignantly left the place . Whilst at Wootton Hall , he received a present of some bottles of choice foreign wine ; this was a gift , and his pride would not permit him to taste it ; he therefore left it in the house untouched for the next comer . For some reason or other , or more probably for none , he had determined not to see Dr. Darwin . The Doctor , aware of his objections , placed himself on a terrace , which Rousseau had to pass , and was examining a plant . “ Rousseau , ” said he , “ are you a botanist ? ” They entered into conversation , and were intimate at once ; but Rousseau , on reflection , imagined that this meeting was the result of contrivance , and the intimacy proceeded no further . EARL GREY . VOL . XIX . OF THE MIRROR . With a Steel-plate Portrait of the Right Hon . EARL GREY , and a Biographical Memoir of his Lordship , upwards of Sixty Engravings , and 450 closely-printed pages , is now publishing , price 5s . 6d . PARTS 124 and 125 , price 8d . each , are also ready . The SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER , containing the above Portrait , a copious Memoir , Title-Page , Index , & c. price 2d . will be published in the ensuing week . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic , G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .