THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . VOLUME XXII .— No . 2 . BOSTON : JOHN L. SHOREY , No . 36 BROMFIELD STREET , 1877 . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1877 , by JOHN L. SHOREY , In the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington . FRANKLIN PRESS : RAND , AVERY , AND COMPANY , 117 FRANKLIN STREET , BOSTON . Contents . IN PROSE . PAGE A Day at the Beach 33 Buttercup and Daisy 37 Aunt Mary 's Bullfinch 38 The poor Man 's Well 43 Spitfire 45 Drawing-Lesson 49 “ Great I and little you ” 50 Our Dog Tasso 53 My Pets 56 Drilling the Troops 59 The Picture-Book 60 IN VERSE . PAGE Bumble-Bee 36 King Drake 40 The Cosset-Calf 48 Primer and Slate 48 Making Cheeses 54 A Blacksmith 's Song 62 Madam Quack ( with music ) 64 Birds VOL . XXII .— NO . 2 . A DAY AT THE BEACH . T ] HERE are few of the little readers of “ The Nursery ” who could not tell of pleasant days spent among green fields and woods , or on the seashore . But in almost every large city , there are many children who have never been out of sight of brick walls . Their homes are in close rooms in narrow streets , and there they live from one year 's end to the other . In winter they are often pinched with cold . In summer they suffer even more from the heat . You may see them at windows and doors , or on hot sidewalks , trying to get a breath of fresh air . It is not pure air , but the best they can get . What I am going to tell you is about two of those poor children . One is a little girl , nine years old , whom we will call Jane . The other , who is only eight years old , is her brother George . Both children go to a Sunday school , and have for their teacher a kind lady , who takes great interest in them . One warm summer day , to their great delight , this lady , whom we will name Miss White , called for them to go with her on a trip to the seashore . Dressed in the best clothes they could muster , they were soon on board the steamboat . Here every thing was new to them . As the boat steamed down the harbor , it would have been joy to anybody only to watch the happy expression on their faces . By and by the boat neared the land ; and there the children saw a wonderful sight . What do you suppose it was ? It was a cow quietly feeding on the shore . They had never seen a cow before . Then Jane got sight of an apple-tree , and George spied a man raking hay . Here was another new sensation . While they were feasting their eyes on green fields , and inhaling the sweet country air , the boat stopped at the wharf . A few steps brought them to the beach ; and there , stretched before them , was the great wide ocean , with the surf rolling in , and a cool sea-breeze blowing . Then their joy knew no bounds . Miss White did not try to restrain them ; for she meant to give them at least one day of perfect freedom . So they roamed at will . How they dug wells in the sand , how they flung stones into the water , how they picked up shells and sea-weed , how they scrambled over the rocks , it would take too much space to tell . When they were well tired out , and began to be hungry , Miss White opened a luncheon-box in a shady place among the rocks , and gave them such a dinner as they had never had before . Then their bliss was complete . The day passed away almost too quickly , and the time came to go back to the city . That seemed rather hard to Jane and George . But they have the promise of another excursion before the summer is over . JANE OLIVER . Illustration Illustration BUMBLE-BEE . THE smartest of dandies is young Mr. Bee , Who is known by the name of Bumble ; His life is a short one , but merry and free : They 're mistaken who call him “ Humble . ” Clad in black velvet , with trimmings of yellow , He knows well enough he 's a fine-looking fellow ; And , hiding away a sharp little dagger , He dashes about with a confident swagger , While to show he 's at ease , and to tell of his coming , A tune he is always carelessly humming . Eating or drinking , or looking for pleasure Fit for the tastes of a person of leisure , Down where the meadow is sunny and breezy , In the red clover , he takes the world easy ; Or , feeling the need of a little diversion , He makes to the garden a pleasant excursion , And into a lily or hollyhock dodging With quiet assurance he takes up his lodging . With a snug little fortune invested in honey , Young Bumble Bee lives like a prince , on his money , And , scorning some plodding relations of his , he Leaves hard labor to them ,— his cousins named “ Busy . ” D. B. BARNARD . Illustration BUTTERCUP AND DAISY . Dear little Readers of “ The Nursery : ” — I would like to tell you a story about my little brother Clinton and myself . We each have a nice little calf down at our grandpa 's farm in the country . One is a pure Alderney , grandpa says , and is of a beautiful fawn color : the other is red and white . Grandpa let us name them : so we called them Buttercup and Daisy . Clinton 's is Buttercup , and mine is Daisy . They are both very kind and gentle . Both have cunning little horns , just coming out of their heads ; but they do not hook little brother or me . In the picture you will see them eating corn out of our hands . At first we were afraid of their damp noses and rough tongues ; but we soon got over that , and now feed them every time we go to the farm . Papa tried to have the little Alderney give us a ride on its back ; but , as soon as we were well on , the calf kicked up its heels and ran away , saying , “ Bah ! ” and leaving brother and me on our backs on the soft turf . We were not hurt at all , but had a good laugh . Buttercup soon came back for more corn ; and uncle said , “ Give it to her in the ear ; ” but I said I thought her mouth was the best place to put it in . Then uncle laughed , and said that was a joke . Do you know what he meant ? HARRY C. MATHER . AUNT MARY 'S BULLFINCH . “ NOW be sure and not frighten it , children , ” said Aunt Mary as she left the room . John and Lucy lifted the handkerchief from the cage , while Paul and Richard , with anxious eyes , stood by to get a sight of the piping bullfinch , of which they had heard so much . This little bird had been presented to Aunt Mary by a German lady to whom she had been kind . It could whistle two or three tunes in a way to surprise all hearers . While the children were looking at it , it began to pipe . “ I know that tune , ” cried Richard . “ It is ‘ Coming through the rye ! ’ ” “ And now the tune changes to ‘ Merrily every bosom boundeth , ’ ” said Lucy . “ What a wonderful little bird ! ” “ But how did it learn to whistle these tunes ? ” asked Paul . Aunt Mary , coming in at that moment , explained to the children that in some of the small towns of Germany are persons who teach these little birds . It takes about a year for a bullfinch to learn a tune . But some of them learn more quickly than others : so it is with some children . Illustration The birds are at first kept in a dark room ; and when they are fed , a tune is played or whistled . They associate this tune with the act of feeding ; and gradually seem to find out what is wanted of them . The price of a bird that can pipe a tune in good style is from fifty to one hundred dollars . A good deal of time and trouble has to be spent in teaching the birds . Sometimes a child is employed to play a tune on a little hand-organ ; and this the little bird learns after hearing it many times . When the bullfinch learns well , he is praised and petted , and this he seems to enjoy very much . Even birds , you see , like to be praised and petted . DORA BURNSIDE . KING DRAKE . “ I 'M king of the rock , ” said a silly old drake ; “ And no one must dare my claim to partake . I shall punish severely whoever comes near Without my permission : let all the world hear ! ” Illustration But out of the water , on the rock as he stands , Comes up , as if praying , what seemed like two hands . “ Ah ! here is a subject already for me ! Come , my son , and fear nothing , I 'll spare you , ” said he . Illustration But his majesty starts as if from a shock , When he sees a big lobster make a bow on the rock . “ That is well , ” said the king ; “ but consider , my son , This rock is my throne , and is only for one . ” Illustration The lobster , however , is slow to obey ; He spreads himself out ; he will not go away . “ Are you deaf ? ” cries King Drake , “ go , pigmy ! Get down ! How dare you thus brave a drake of renown ? ” Illustration But the lobster , at this , nips King Drake in the leg . “ Oh , loosen your claw ! Let go ! Oh ! I beg . ” Tighter pinches the claw : “ Rebellion ! help ! hear ! King Drake is in trouble : is nobody near ? ” Illustration In vain are his kicks ; his cries are in vain : The lobster clings fast , in spite of the pain ; Nor lets go his hold till they get to the bank : Then the king waddles home , giving up throne and rank . FROM THE GERMAN . Illustration THE POOR MAN 'S WELL . AMONG the Azores , is situated the beautiful Island of Fayal , with its orange-groves and profusion of flowers . But , notwithstanding the fruit and flowers , there is one thing which Americans who live there miss sadly , and that is fresh , cool water . There are no lakes or ponds , such as we have here ; and so the people have to use rain-water , which they save in large tanks or cisterns . There are a few wells on the island , which , as the water rises and falls in them twice in every twenty-four hours , are called “ tide-wells . ” But there was a time , many years ago , when the people had neither cisterns nor wells , and were obliged to get water from hollows in the rocks . And this is the story of the first well . The year 1699 was a year when scarcely any rain fell . The grain did not grow , the cows and sheep died from thirst , and many of the poor people also . Now there was a very rich man on the island , who had come here to live many years before , from another part of the world . Though he was so rich , and might have done much good with his money , he was so stingy and so hard , that the people did not love him at all . But his bags of silver and gold did not buy him water ; and at last the thought came to him , “ Why ! I will dig a well , as people used to do in my country . I will dig it on my own land , and no one shall have a drop of the water but myself . ” So he hired men to come and dig the well ; but he paid them only a little money , and was very unkind to them . They dug and they dug ; but no water came . At last they said they would work no longer unless their master would promise them some of the water , and he promised them the use of the well for half of every day . Illustration Now they dug with more patience ; and one morning , as early as six o'clock , they suddenly found water . They claimed the privilege of using the well for the first six hours ; and the master dared not refuse . As they were drawing the water , they noticed that it began to grow lower and lower in the well ; and at twelve o'clock , the master 's hour , none was left . He was very , very angry , and said he would never give the men any work again . However , at six o'clock that night , they again demanded the use of the well . He mockingly asked them if they expected the water would come for them , and not for him . Nevertheless they went to the well ; and , to the master 's awe and wonder , it was full of water . At midnight , the master again tried to get water from the well , and , as before , found it empty . He now felt afraid , believing that some divine power controlled the action of the water . He went to the church and vowed , before God , that if the water should come again next morning , he would dedicate it to the poor forever . In the morning , when the men visited the well , there was the fresh water awaiting them . The master kept his vow , and thus the well became “ The Poor Man 's Well . ” To this day the water rises and falls in it twice in every twenty-four hours . I give you here a picture of the well , and should you ever go to Fayal you may see the original . K. H. S . Illustration SPITFIRE . CAN you guess what she was ? She was a little black kitten ; and I must tell you all about her , and why we gave her such a funny name . Teddikins had a great mouse-colored cat called Maltie , and she had three little kitties ,— Spitfire , Miss Tittens , and Cuddle . Spitfire was all black , just as black as a lump of coal , while Miss Tittens was gray , and Cuddle was gray and white . The first time Teddikins and I looked into the box where Maltie and her kitties were , they were very , very little , and their eyes were not open . The black kitty was lying on top of the others ; and Teddikins put in his little fat hand and picked her up . What do you suppose she did ? She said , “ Sptss ! ” and she kept on saying , “ Sptss ” until Teddikins put her down again ; and so we called her Spitfire . Just as soon as she could see out of her funny little gray eyes , she began to try to get out of the box . She wanted to see what there was outside , where Maltie went . She would climb up a little way , and then tumble back on Miss Tittens and Cuddle , which would make them say , “ Mew , ” and make Teddikins laugh ; but Spitfire always said , “ Sptss ! ” and would try again . At last , one day we heard a thump ; and we looked around , and there was Spitfire on the floor . She had climbed to the top of the box , and tumbled over the edge , and there she stood , with her tail straight in the air , and her legs wide apart , looking at us , and saying , “ Sptss ! ” Maltie was very proud of her kitties , and used to take Cuddle and Miss Tittens in her mouth , and carry them into the dining-room when we were eating our breakfast , to show them to us . But Spitfire would not let her mamma carry her . She would walk in all alone , tumbling over on her little nose very often ( for her legs were not yet strong ) , but carrying her little black tail just as straight as little boys carry sticks when they call them guns . One morning , Teddikins put a saucer of milk on the floor and what do you suppose that little Spitfire did ? Why , she looked at it very hard , and then she said , “ Sptss , ” and walked right into the milk , and out the other side of the saucer , with Tittens and Cuddle after her . The floor was covered with the funny white prints of their little paws . One day a mouse ran across the kitchen ; and Cuddle and Tittens were very much frightened ; but Spitfire humped up her back , and made her tail very big , and said “ Sptss ! ” very hard , and then cantered off sideways staring at the mouse , and saying , “ Sptss ! ” all the time . You know how kitties like to go to sleep , all cuddled up together . But Spitfire would not lie down with the others : she always tried to get on top of them . When the little kitties were quite strong , they used to play a funny sort of game . There was a round foot-stool , covered with carpet , and Spitfire used to sit up on it , and then Cuddle and Miss Tittens would try to climb up the sides . Then Spitfire would say , “ Sptss ! ” and pat them on the heads with her little paws until they rolled down again . Sometimes , when she was busy driving one off , another would get up behind her , and drive her off too ; but she always worked hard until she was up again . Do you not think she was a funny kitty ? She always went first , and took the lead , and used to box the ears of Cuddle and Tittens when they did not mind her . Now she is a big black cat , with a red collar around her neck , and she catches rats and mice , and is very good and useful . She only says , “ Sptss ! ” when strange cats come into her yard ; but we still call her Spitfire . E. F . Illustration THE COSSET-CALF . WHEN I was quite a little girl I had a cosset-calf , And , when it ran about the fields , It always made me laugh . It seemed as gentle as a lamb , And from my hand was fed ; And how I grieved when first I felt The horns upon its head ! It always answered to my call , And thrust its wet nose through The bars , and tried its very best To say , “ How do you do ? ” I left it in the early fall , And kissed my pet with tears ; For to a little child the months Stretch out as long as years . And when the summer came again , I never shall forget With what dismay I gazed upon My former little pet . I was afraid of those great horns , So crooked on its brow , Nor would believe my little calf Was that enormous cow ! But soon I learned to know its face And conquered my alarm , And thought there was no nicer cow On any other farm . And oh the rich sweet milk she gave ! Why , just to make me laugh , My mother used to call me then Her little cosset-calf ! JOSEPHINE POLLARD . PRIMER AND SLATE . PRIMER and slate , primer and slate ! Hurry up , mother ! I fear I am late . A , B , C , D , and 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , Must be studied , so I can recite them once more . Primer and slate , primer and slate , Must be carefully conned if we hope to be great : A man cannot hope much of a man to be , Unless , when a boy , he has learned A , B , C . UNCLE THEO . DRAWING-LESSON BY HARRISON WEIR . VOL XXII .— NO . 2 .] “ GREAT I AND LITTLE YOU . ” “ HOW do you like that little new neighbor of yours ? ” asked Herbert Greene 's big brother , who had seen the two little boys playing together in the yard . “ Oh , you must mean Georgie Worthman , ” said Herbie . “ Why , I do n't know . I like him , and I do n't like him . ” Wallace laughed . “ Then you quarrel a little sometimes , ” said he . “ Is that it ? ” “ No , we do n't quarrel , ” said Herbie . “ I do n't let him know when I 'm mad with him . ” “ What does he do to make you mad with him ? ” asked Wallace . “ Oh , he says things , ” said Herbie . “ Such as what ? ” “ Well , he looks at my marbles , and says , ‘ Is that all you 've got ? I have five times as many as that ,— splendid ones , too . They 'd knock those all to smash . ’ ” “ Ah , I see ! ” said Wallace . “ It is a clear case of ‘ great I and little you . ’ ” “ What do you mean by that ? ” said Herbie . “ Well , if you do n't find out by Saturday night , I 'll tell you , ” said Wallace . This was on Monday . On Wednesday afternoon Herbie was out at play , and presently Georgie Worthman came out . Wallace was in his room , reading , with the windows open , and could hear all that was said . Georgie brought his kite with him , and asked Herbie if he would go to the common with him to fly his kite . “ Oh , yes ! if mother is willing , ” said Herbie . “ But where did you get that kite ?— made it yourself , did n't you ? I 've got one ever so much bigger than that , with yards and yards of tail , and , when we let it out , it goes out of sight quick ,— now , I tell you ! ” Illustration “ This is n't the best I can make , ” said Georgie ; “ but if I had a bigger one I could n't pitch it , or hold it after it was up . ” “ Pooh ! I could hold one that pulled like ten horses , ” said Herbie ; and he ran in to ask his mother if he could go with Georgie to the common . His mother was willing if Wallace would go too ; and so , after a little good-natured bothering , and pretending he did not want to go , Wallace took his hat , and Herbie got his kite and twine , and the three boys set off for the common . Georgie 's kite was pitched first , and went up in fine style . Then Herbie 's went off , and soon passed it , for it had a longer string ; and both were far up in the dazzling blue of the sky . “ There now ! ” said Herbie , “ did n't I tell you my kite would beat yours all to nothing ? I bet there is n't another kite in town that will begin to be a match for it ! ” “ How is this ? How is this ? ” said Wallace . “ Seems to me ‘ great I and little you ’ are around here pretty thick . ” “ What do you mean by that ? ” said both the little boys . “ Why , when a fellow says that he has got the best marbles , and the best kite , and the swiftest sled , and the handsomest velocipede , and the most knowing dog , anywhere in town , we say his talk is all ‘ great I and little you . ’ That is , we mean he is always bragging ; and a braggart is a very disagreeable person , ” said Wallace . Herbie looked at Georgie , and both blushed a little . The boys had great fun with their kites ; and when they got home , and Wallace and Herbie went up stairs to put away the kite , Herbie said , “ Well , my kite did beat Georgie 's , just as I told him it would . ” “ That is true , ” said Wallace ; “ but you said the other day that you liked Georgie , and did n't like him , because he was always telling how much bigger and better his things were than yours ; and now , to-day , you were making yourself disagreeable to him by bragging about your kite . Now , if you want the boys to like you , my lad , you must give up talking ‘ great I and little you , ’ for it is not sensible nor kind . ” So Herbie found out what Wallace meant , and he said to himself , “ I do n't mean to let the fellows hear me talking , ‘ great I and little you ’ any more . ” H. W . Illustration Illustration OUR DOG TASSO . TASSO is a big black dog . His back comes up almost to the top of a dining-table . He does not look as though he could ever have been carried about in a handkerchief ; but , when he was a puppy , he was brought home in that way by a young lady as a present to her brothers . Tasso seems to take delight in making himself useful . When there is work to be done , he always wants to do his part . He brings in wood , stick by stick , and puts it in the wood-box , never stopping till the box is full . While he is carrying in the wood , the boys fill the chip-basket ; and then Tasso takes that in his mouth , and puts it in its place beside the wood-box . If any of the family has a basket or a bag to take to the station , Tasso always insists on taking it . One rainy day , we sent him to the station with three umbrellas , and he delivered them all safely . One day his master went out to the barn without his hat . Tasso did not think this was proper : so he took the hat in his mouth and carried it out to him . I could tell you many other amusing things about Tasso . He is always attentive and obedient , and every one who knows him loves him and trusts him . F. A. S . MAKING CHEESES . “ DOES the little fairy Work in a dairy ? I hear her talk about making cheese ,— She with her locks the color of money , Hanging long and crinkled and sunny Down to her waist ,— a golden fleece . ” Oh , such a laughter As rings out after My words , is the sweetest sound I know ! Sparkle the eyes that had been dreaming :— “ Aunty dear , if you want to see me , I 'll show you how to make one ,— so ! ” Illustration Soon as she utters This , out she flutters , Her full fresh frock as white as the snows ; Round she whirls , and then in a minute Sits down quick , and the air within it Puffs it out like a full-blown rose . That 's what she pleases To call “ making cheeses . ” I 'm sure I could give it a better name . Call it playing at daffy-down-dilly , Call it playing at white day-lily : Either will suit me just the same . Lily for brightness She is , and for whiteness ; A golden centre her long locks grow ! And is n't that head , so shimmering , sunny , Daffy-down-dilly-like , yellow as money ?— Rogue she is anyway , that I know . MRS. CLARA DOTY BATES . MY PETS . I AM a little girl seven years old . I live way up in the woods of Maine , in the little town of Howland , forty miles from anywhere . Now you may wonder how I can amuse myself , so far away from the world : so I am going to tell you . I live on a great farm , with grandpapa , Aunt Peeps , and Nan , and Will . I have a pair of top-boots , so I can play out doors in wet weather . I was glad when grandpapa brought them home ; and the first thing I did was to find a good large mud-puddle , and oh ! did n't I have fun , splashing right through it ! I drive old Frank whenever I please ; and then , when we get home , I feed him on apples and bread . He is twenty years old , and has no teeth to eat hay with , and grandpapa says he would starve to death if it were not for me . We let him go wherever he likes , and in hot weather he stays on the barn-floor , out of the reach of the flies , most of the time . He lets me card him , and he never kicks me . One day last summer , Emma and I got old Frank upon a haymow , about four feet from the floor , and there he lay down on his side , and took a nap . Then I brought out a pan of meal and water , and fed it to him with an iron spoon . Illustration I have an old pet sheep too . It will run out from the flock any time when it sees me coming , and follow me to the house . One day I heard a noise against the kitchen-door , and , when I opened it , my sheep came in , and followed me right into the dining-room , and would not go out till I gave it some potatoes . Major and Velvet Paw are my pet cats , and Peep is my German canary-bird ; and I had a pet chicken , but grandpapa stepped on it one day . He says he would rather have lost the best cow in the barn than have killed my chicken . William says he will give me four eggs in the spring , and then , perhaps , I can have four chickens instead of one . I have a bear ,— a black , fierce-eyed bear , that gnashes his teeth , and growls , and stands up and shakes his paws at me ; but he is not a real live bear . He has to be wound up with a key before he will growl . We have live bears here in the woods , though : they come right into our yard , and eat our sheep . We set a trap for one last fall , close to the house , and a bear was caught in it . I have a wax doll almost as large as a real baby . I have named it Gretchen . Cousin Mary brought it to me from Germany . It has flaxen curls , and six of the prettiest little pearl teeth , and it goes to sleep , and says papa and mamma , and whines , and cries . I wonder if any of you little girls have such a beautiful dolly . My doll , Rosie Deben , is six years old , and almost as large as I am . I wash her whenever I like , and about once a year Auntie Peeps paints her face over . I like Rosie for an every-day doll , because I can wash her hands and face , and undress her , and if she tumbles out of her wagon it only bumps her head , and bruises her nose . She has tumbled down stairs ever so many times . I have no little girls to play with ; but there is a little boy who comes to see me sometimes : his name is Percy , and we go fishing down at the brook , and we catch little bits of fish with pin hooks . I went to school last summer , and read in my “ Nursery , ” and Nan said I learned nicely . There were only four scholars ,— one for each corner of the room ; and we had a little rocking-chair to sit in . Nan thinks I have told you enough about my pets this time , and I will bid you good-by . MAMIE . Illustration Illustration DRILLING THE TROOPS . HERE is Corporal Hans drilling a squad under the eye of his superior officer , Captain Ernest . The corporal is a brave soldier . Anybody could tell that by his looks . But he does not give his orders quite sternly enough to suit the captain , who is teaching him how to do it . It makes a man of peace shudder to see the corporal stand so calmly right at the mouth of a cannon . What if the cannon should go off ! But these military men get used to such things . I do n't suppose now that one of that whole squad could be frightened into running away . They will not move till they hear the word of command . UNCLE SAM . THE PICTURE-BOOK . IN the book that Mary likes so much to look at , there is a nice picture of a horse . Here it is . Illustration The horse has a very long tail and also a long thick mane . He stands very quietly in his stall , turning his head around , as if he were in want of some more hay . If he should ask for it , what would he say ? Little Mary says he would say , “ Neigh ! ” The next picture shows us two donkeys ,— an old one and a young one . They have very long ears , and look as if they might hear all that we say . Illustration The worst we can say of them or their race is that they are homely , and not so fleet as the horse . But they are very tough and strong and patient . If the donkey should hear this , perhaps he would open his mouth and say , “ Bray ! ” A . B. C . Illustration A BLACKSMITH 'S SONG . CLANG , cling , clang , cling ! Bellows , you must roar , and anvil , you must ring ; Hammer , you and I must work — for ding , dong , ding Must dress my Kate and baby , and bread for us must bring . So dong , ding , dong , ding ! Anvil , to my hammer make music while I sing ,— Clang , cling , clang , cling ! Clang , cling , clang , cling ! Oh , well I love my smithy when the birds in spring-time sing , And the pleasant sun comes streaming in , the sun that loves to bring Its gladness to me , working , and to hear my anvil ring . Dong , ding , dong , ding ! And to see my iron glowing , and the sparks in showers spring ,— Clang , cling , clang , cling ! Blow , blow , blow , blow ! Bellows , you must work till the furnace is aglow . Snug is my old smithy when , without , comes down the snow , When sooty wall and rafter in the blaze are all aglow . Blow , blow , blow , blow ! What care I if the storm , then , without , be high or low ? Blow , blow , blow , blow ! Clang , cling , clang , cling ! Merrily the hours fly that hear my anvil ring ; And quick my evening chair and my evening meal they bring ; Then , while Kate works beside me , I 'm as happy as a king . Clang , cling , clang , cling ! God give me always health and strength to make my anvil ring : Clang , cling , clang , cling ! W. C. BENNETT . Illustration MADAM QUACK . Music MADAM QUACK . Words from “ The Nursery . ” Music by T. CRAMPTON . 1 . Good-Day ! Madam Quack with your young in your track , Quite early they 're out , What are they about — Those bright little things With their short downy wings ? I 'm glad of your luck , you 're a good mother duck ! And if young folks did know half the joy they bestow When attentive and good — they would try all they could . 2 . You know sir , I see what young ducklings should be ; Your taste I commend , My civil young friend ; They 're beauties you see and obedient to me . In ponds they can paddle , On land they can waddle , They dive and they flutter , Quack , quack , they can utter : I 'm glad they can learn , and great fame they will earn .