THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . VOLUME XXI .— No . 2 . BOSTON : JOHN L. SHOREY , No . 36 BROMFIELD STREET , 1877 . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1877 , by JOHN L. SHOREY , In the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington . FRANKLIN PRESS : RAND , AVERY , AND COMPANY , 117 FRANKLIN STREET , BOSTON . Contents IN PROSE . PAGE “ Christmas Presents made here ” 33 My Dog Jack 37 Bertie 's Steamer 40 A Story about Squirrels 41 What a Little Boy in England says 42 First Lesson in Astronomy 46 Papa 's Birthday Present 47 Drawing-Lesson 49 The Rescue 50 The Young Sheep-Owner 52 Emma 's Choice 55 Help one another 57 Billy and the Pig 61 Jocko , the Raven 62 IN VERSE . The Petition of the Sparrows 35 Ensign Johnny 39 The Froggies ’ Party 45 The Faithless Friend 59 Chipperee Chip ( with music ) 64 “ CHRISTMAS PRESENTS MADE HERE . ” VOL . XXI .— NO . 2 .] “ CHRISTMAS PRESENTS MADE HERE . ” A ] BOUT a year ago , Edwin had a Christmas present of a jig-saw . If Santa Claus brought it , then Santa Claus did a good thing for himself ; for last Christmas his pack was loaded down with presents of Edwin 's manufacture . Nice little brackets to set up against the wall , nice little bedsteads , book-shelves , toy-houses , frames for pictures , card-baskets ,— these are but a few of the great variety of things that Edwin makes with his jig-saw . Many little articles he gives away , for he is a generous boy : but he wants books , and his mother cannot always afford to buy him the books he wants ; for she has two children , besides himself , to provide for . So one day when Mr. Topliff , who keeps a great toy-shop , said to Edwin , “ I 'll pay you well for as many of these toy-houses as you can make , ” Edwin replied , “ I 'll go to work just as soon as I have finished this bracket ; for a little money is just what I want . ” Edwin had by practice learned to use his saw with great skill , and he took pains always to do his work well . Gradually he learned to do the finer sort of cabinet-work ; and then he puzzled his wits to invent new varieties of toys , and other things often sought for as Christmas presents . Mr. Topliff said , “ You can earn a living by this kind of work , if you choose , Edwin . ” But no ! Edwin had made up his mind to go to college ; and so he replied , “ If I can pay my college expenses by working at odd hours , Mr. Topliff , I mean to do it — and I think I can . ” “ So do I , ” said Mr. Topliff . “ You 've got the knack . Well , my lad , do n't forget the firm of Topliff & Co. Bring us all your pretty things . ” UNCLE CHARLES . Illustration THE PETITION OF THE SPARROWS . NOW girls and boys of Chester Square , Pray give us of your meals a share . Just have the kindness to remember That this is chilly , bleak December ; That snow has covered long the ground Till really nothing 's to be found : So throw us out a crumb or two , And , as you would be done by , do . In those snug little cottages That you have placed among the trees , We all were hatched , and so , you see , Are members of the family . Hunger and frost are hard to bear : So , girls and boys of Chester Square , Just throw us out a crumb or two , And , as you would be done by , do . We know bad things of us are told : They call us English upstarts bold ; Say we drive off the snow-birds dear , And fight the Yankee sparrows here ; That we make havoc in the spring With all the sweet-pea 's blossoming : Still throw us out a crumb or two , And , as you would be done by , do . We 're not as bad as they declare , O girls and boys of Chester Square ! Be sure some little good we do , Even though we pilfer buds a few . Do n't grudge them , since your trees we clear Of vermin that would cost you dear : So throw us out a crumb or two , And , as you would be done by , do . Dear girls and boys of Chester Square , We , too , partake the Father 's care ; And to your kindly hearts he sends The impulse that our race befriends : We know that you , while Winter reigns , For our relief will take some pains ; Will throw us out a crumb or two , And , as you would be done by , do . EMILY CARTER . Illustration MY DOG JACK . I WANT to tell the readers of “ The Nursery ” about my dog . My mamma bought him for me when he was very young . He is a Newfoundland dog , and is very large . He is black , with a white face and neck . His name is Jack . Jack is very useful in keeping tramps out of our orchard , and is also very kind and playful . I do not like to play with him ; for he is so rough , that he sometimes tumbles me over , and hurts me : but I have a good time with him in other ways . He draws me about in a little cart into which I harness him . He minds a pull on the reins , and will go just as I wish him to . But he will insist on chasing pigs whenever he sees them . He does not like pigs . One day , when I was harnessing him , he spied a pig , and away he ran after it — cart and all . He broke one wheel of the cart , and came back panting and wagging his tail , as if he had done something good ; but I scolded him well . Jack will sit on his hind-legs , and catch bits of bread or cake in his mouth when I throw them to him . One summer , we went to the seashore , and took him with us . He is a splendid swimmer ; and when we took a stick , and threw it into the water , he would plunge through the waves , and bring it back in his mouth . Sometimes an old fisherman took me out sailing , and as there was not room in the boat for Jack , the good old dog would lie on the wharf and wait patiently till I came back . When he saw the boat coming in , he would jump up and bark in great delight ; and one day he leaped into the water , and swam out to meet us . Once my cousin and I were sitting in a cleft in the rocks , gathering shells and pebbles , when a great black creature jumped right over our heads . We were much frightened , but soon found that it was only our good friend Jack . He had seen us from the top of the rock , and had jumped down full fifteen feet to get to us . PAUL EATON . Illustration ENSIGN JOHNNY . THIS is Ensign Johnny : See him armed for fight ! Mice are in the garret ; Forth he goes to smite . Ready for the battle , He is not afraid ; For the cat , as captain , Will be by to aid . Now , good-by , my Johnny ! Soldiers must be brave : While puss does the fighting , You the flag can wave . Do not , like a coward , From the field retreat : Forward , Ensign Johnny , And the mice defeat ! IDA FAY . BERTIE 'S STEAMER . BERTIE has taken much pleasure in hearing me read about the different ways in which the little “ Nursery ” people amuse themselves . He is very anxious that they should , in return , know about the steamboat which his uncle brought him from the Centennial ,— a real little steamboat . It is nearly a foot long , made of brass , with a “ truly ” boiler , as Bertie says , and a little alcohol lamp to convert the water in the boiler into steam . The older folks were as much interested in its trial trip as Bertie . The biggest tub was brought up , and half filled with water . The little boiler was also filled , and the lamp lighted ; and we all waited patiently for the steam to start the little wheel . A stick was put across the tub , and a string fastened from its centre to the end of the steamer , to keep it from running against the side of the tub . The rudder was turned to guide the boat in a circle , and soon the steamer started . But it did not run easily . Could it be that it would prove a failure ? Bertie 's face began to put on a disappointed look . “ Ca n't Uncle Nelson fix it ? ” said he . “ Uncle Nelson can do most any thing . ” So Uncle Nelson took the delicate machinery apart , and found some particles of dirt , which prevented the piston from working smoothly . Then he cleaned and oiled it , put it together again , and once more it started . This time it was a complete success . How Bertie clapped his hands , as the steam hissed , and the boat went round and round , as if it were alive ! It was half an hour before the water in the little boiler gave out . BERTIE 'S MAMMA . A STORY ABOUT SQUIRRELS . Illustration FREDDIE is a bright little boy six years old . He goes with his papa and mamma every summer to stay a few months at a nice place in the country . In front of the house , near the fence , stands a large elm-tree , which is the home of many little squirrels . One day Freddie got his papa to build him a small shelf on the tree , about four feet from the ground , so that he could put nuts on it to feed the squirrels . At first the little fellows were very shy , and would not come near the shelf , but sat on the branches of the tree ; and we fancied that we heard them saying to each other , “ Do you think that little boy would hurt us , if we should run down , and take one of those nuts ? ” But , after a while , they came down , one by one , took the nuts , and went scampering up to the top branches ; and in a few minutes down came the empty shells . They grew so tame before the summer was over , that if we put any thing on their shelf , and took a seat a few steps away , they would come down quite boldly , and get their breakfast . One day we put a small ear of sweet-corn on the shelf . Pretty soon a little squirrel came after it ; but it was too heavy for him : so he sat down on the shelf , as though quite at home , ate off about half of the kernels of corn , to make his burden lighter , and , after trying many times , finally got it up to his hiding-place . Presently we saw all the squirrels running to that part of the tree , and we thought he might be having a squirrel-party in his best parlor . There was a large pond not very far away ; and we often saw the squirrels go from tree to tree , jump a fence here and there , and run down behind a stone wall to the pond to get a drink , and then run home again . If they had only known as much as some squirrels we read about , what a nice sail they might have had by jumping on a piece of wood , and putting their bushy tails up in the air for a sail ! Would n't it look funny to see a squirrel yacht-race ? As we sit in our warm rooms this cold weather , we often wonder what the little fellows are doing , and if they are eating any of the nuts they stored away last summer . FREDDIE 'S PAPA . WHAT A LITTLE BOY IN ENGLAND SAYS . MY grandfather and grandmother live in the country . Everybody in their house is very fond of birds , and very thoughtful for the comfort of all dumb creatures . Among the birds that flock about grandfather 's house are the bright little tom-tits . They fly very quickly , and look very pretty , darting in and out of a tall evergreen-tree that grows in front of the dining-room window . Illustration In winter , my Aunt Emily has a pole , about four feet high , stuck in the ground near this tree . Across the top of the pole , a light bamboo stick is fastened , not quite as long as the pole is high . On strings tied at the ends of the bamboo stick , netted bags , filled with fat or suet , are hung . Now , tom-tits are , I think , the only birds in England that can cling to a thing with their heads hanging down ; and they are very fond of fat . So they come to aunty 's bags , cling to them as they sway to and fro in the wind , and eat to their little hearts ’ content . We watch them from the windows , and see what is going on . Sometimes other birds try very hard to get a share of the feast , particularly when the weather is very cold , and they cannot find much else . Then they will stand on the ground , looking at the bags , and now and then make an awkward spring at them , sometimes snatching a piece of suet , but generally failing to reach it . A tiny robin ( an English robin is not at all like an American one ) has practised so much , this cold weather , that he can not only get a taste of the suet by darting at it , but , better still , will sit on the top of the bag , and get at it in that way . But he seems very much afraid of falling off , and I think the tom-tits would laugh at him : perhaps they do , in bird fashion . When they cling , they do not mind where it is , and often seem to take the very bottom of the bag by choice , and hang there , with their heads down , so long , that it seems as though they would surely get the headache . I have often seen two , and sometimes three birds on a bag at a time . H. B. BIRMINGHAM , ENGLAND . OFF IN A HURRY . THE FROGGIES ’ PARTY . THE frog who would a-wooing go Gave a party , you must know ; And his bride , dressed all in green , Looked as fine as any queen . Their reception numbered some Of the best in Froggiedom . Four gay froggies played the fiddle ,— Hands all round , and down the middle . In the room were stern old croakers , Yellow vests and snow-white chokers . Froggie belles with rush-leaf fans , Froggie beaux in green brogans , Flirted in the bowers there , Hidden from the ball-room 's glare . Three old froggies tried a reel ,— Twist ‘ em , turn ‘ em , toe and heel . Illustration One young miss was asked to sing ; But she had a cold that spring . Little frogs were sound asleep , Late hours — bad for them to keep . Each one wished the couple joy ; No bad boys came to annoy . This next fall ,— the news is spreading ,— They will have their silver-wedding ! GEORGE COOPER . THE FIRMAMENT SHEWETH HIS HANDYWORK FIRST LESSON IN ASTRONOMY . “ Twinkle , twinkle , little star : How I wonder what you are , Up above the world so high , Like a diamond in the sky ! ” I AM going to tell all the wondering children just what that little star is , and I want them to go to the window this minute , and take a good look at it . Have you been ? And was it “ up above the world so high ” ? Some of you are laughing at me , perhaps , because it is broad daylight , when stars do not show themselves . But do not laugh yet . If the sun is out , you can certainly see a star . To be sure you cannot take a good look at it , it is so bright ; but there it is ,— the star that gives us light and heat ,— the sun himself . Now , were you ever told before , that the sun is a star , just like the little diamonds you see in the sky before you go to bed ? Why should n't it look like a star then ? Because it is not “ up above the world so high ” as all the rest of the stars are . It is near enough to us to keep us warm , and make every thing grow . But what is more wonderful than that our sun is a star , is , that all the stars are suns . They keep the worlds that are near them warm and bright , just as our sun does this world . They are great globes of fire that never go out . Some are red fire , some are blue , some yellow , and some white , like ours . How should you like to have it all red , or blue , or green , out doors , instead of white ? It would seem a good deal like fireworks to us , I think . Now look out of the window again , and try to pick out a red star . I know one you can all see before you go to bed , unless you are too sleepy to see any thing . It is nearly overhead about supper-time . If you find it , write a little letter to “ The Nursery , ” and tell me . M. E. R . PAPA 'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT . HARRY is a little boy six years old . He always wants to be doing something ; and many funny pictures he makes , both on his slate and with a lead pencil on paper . Mamma saves all the blank pieces of paper she can to give him . When he is tired of pictures , he plays with his blocks , and makes boats , and cars and bridges , and towers and churches . Harry lives on the west bank of the Mississippi River , where there is a bridge right in sight from his home . He often watches the cars go across the bridge , and the boats go through the draw . He is an observing little fellow , and he notices that just before the cars get to the bridge they stop , and then go over very slowly . Then they start up faster and faster ; and soon the bridge is left behind , and the cars are out of sight . The cars always have to wait for the boats to go through the bridge ; and Harry thinks that is too bad ; for the cars would not keep the boats waiting half as long as the boats keep them . So mamma tells him that the river was there first , and the boats have the first right . But about the present . There had been a week of rain ; but papa 's birthday was pleasant , and Harry was glad to get out of doors . He ran till he was tired , and then , as he sat down to rest , he thought he would get some clay , and make something to show mamma . So he began . First he made a round ball like a marble , then a larger ball ; then he put them together , and thought , “ I will make a man , and this little ball shall be his head . ” He put a stick in to hold the head to the body , and put clay around the stick , and that made the neck . Then he made a long piece for the legs , and cut out between them with a knife to form two . Then he made the arms , and joined them to the body . He was very much pleased with his work so far ; but to complete it was the most fun . He got little stones , and stuck them into the clay for eyes , nose , and buttons ; made a cut for the mouth ; and , for a head-dress , made use of the green spikes from a pine-tree . This made the figure look so much like an Indian , that Harry danced with joy . Then he took it to mamma , who was so pleased that she told him to put it on papa 's study-table to dry , and said that it would do for papa 's birthday present . Papa thinks so much of it , that he has locked it up in his curiosity cabinet . This is a true story . COUSIN VIDA . DRAWING-LESSON BY HARRISON WEIR . VOL . XXI .— NO . 2 .] THE RESCUE . JANE is a bright little girl , about six years old , who lives not far from a wharf in a seaport town , where her father is employed in a junk store . She has an elder sister named Susan , a baby-brother named Charlie , and a doll named Anna Maria . One pleasant summer day Susan took the baby in her arms , Jane took Anna Maria in her arms , and all together , and all bareheaded , they took a stroll down the wharf . It was not a safe place for young children ; and Susan ought to have known better than to take them there . They wandered about , enjoying the cool sea-air , and pretty soon stood on the very edge of the wharf , looking down into the water . Just then , by some accident ( I do n't know exactly how it happened ) , Anna Maria slipped out of Jane 's arms , and fell overboard . Well , this was not so bad as if Jane herself had fallen over ; but it was almost as bad to poor Jane . She burst into tears , and raised a cry of distress . There was her dear little Anna Maria in the water , beyond her reach , and she could do nothing to save her . Now there happened to be a smart boy , named Tom Williams , not far off . He heard Jane 's outcry , and came running down the wharf to see what was the matter ; and another bright boy , named Sam Brown , came with him . The two saw what the trouble was in a moment . Illustration They lay down on the wharf , and tried to reach Anna Maria . But it was of no use . Their arms were not long enough . Poor Jane 's heart sank within her . She cried and sobbed , and was in more distress than ever . “ Do n't cry , ” said Tom . “ Crying 's of no use . Wait a minute : I know how to do it . ” And off he ran into the old junk shop . In a moment he came back , bringing a pair of tongs . “ Now I 'll show you ! ” said he . Down he lay again , with his bare feet sticking up , as you see in the picture , reached over the side of the wharf , took Anna Maria in the tongs , just as she was near floating under the wharf , and placed her , all wet and dripping , in Jane 's arms . How happy the little girl was to get her darling safe back again ! And how thankful she was to Tom , for coming to the rescue so bravely ! Anna Maria soon got over the effects of her bath : she did not even catch cold . But I hope that both Jane and Susan will learn a lesson from her mishap , and not go so near the edge of the wharf another time . UNCLE SAM . THE YOUNG SHEEP-OWNER . SEVERAL years ago , on the Island of Nantucket , lived a little boy named Frank Simmons . His grandfather , with whom he was a great favorite , owned about two hundred sheep . Many other persons on the island owned sheep at that time ; and there was a broad plain of open ground , over which all the flocks roamed in common . Every year , in the month of June , all the sheep were driven into a large enclosure near a pond , in which they were washed until their wool was white and clean . This was the preparation for shearing , or taking off their heavy coats of wool . Each separate flock was marked by a little cut made in the ears . The ears of one flock , for instance , were clipped at the ends ; of another , notched at the sides ; of another , marked by a slit . Illustration This last was the mark which Frank looked for when he went with his grandfather to catch his sheep . Frank thought it was cruel to cut the ears so ; but , when his grandfather told him it was the only way by which each owner could know his own sheep , he was satisfied . Whenever he caught one , he would lead it along to his grandfather 's pen , where a man was waiting to take it on his back , and carry it into the pond . After being washed , the sheep were left to find their own way to the shore , which they did very quickly . It took two days to wash all the sheep on the island . The washing was finished on Saturday . The sheep were allowed to rest and dry themselves on Sunday ; and on Monday morning , bright and early , Frank was ready to start with his grandfather to catch the sheep for the shearing . The shearing occupied two days more ; and , after their heavy coats were off , the sheep would feel so smart , that they would frisk about like young lambs ; and some of them would jump five or six feet up in the air . During all this time , their poor little lambs had been kept apart by themselves . They must have felt lonely enough without their mothers ; but , as soon as the shearing was over , all the sheep and lambs were set at liberty . Such a bleating and baa-ing as there was ! The sheep ran round for the lambs , and the lambs for their mothers ; and away they skipped over the plains like children at play . Frank had made himself so useful in catching the sheep , that his grandfather gave him two sheep and two lambs as a reward , and put a new mark on them for him . So Frank became a young sheep-owner , and , the next year , had his own sheep to catch . CARTWRIGHT . Illustration Illustration EMMA 'S CHOICE . THREE young children , Emma , Charles , and Arthur Payson , had been left to the care of their old grandfather , through the death of their parents . Grandpa Payson was not rich : he was a day-laborer , and had to work hard for the support of a family , which would have been large enough without the addition of three hungry little ones . But grandpa 's heart was large enough to take them all in ; and they proved such good and lovable children , that he soon became very much attached to them . Little Emma was his especial favorite ; and one December day he said to her , “ What shall I get you , darling , for a Christmas present ? A nice pair of shoes would be just the thing , I 'm thinking . ” “ Oh , no , grandpa ! Give me a book — a book with pictures in it : that will be better than new shoes . By going barefoot , I can make my old shoes last me a year longer . ” Well , in the shop where Grandpa Payson bought a beautiful bound copy of “ The Nursery ” for his darling , he happened to mention to the shopkeeper the fact that Emma had preferred a new book to a new pair of shoes . An old lady who stood near could not help hearing the conversation . That evening , while Grandpa Payson , Emma , and the two boys , were gathered around the table , feasting their eyes on the new book , there was a knock at the door , and a package was left , directed to “ Miss Emma Payson . ” “ Dear me ! What can it be ? I never had a package left for me before in all my life , ” cried Emma . She opened the package , and there found several pairs of shoes , and a note , telling her to select two pairs that would fit her , and to send the rest to the shopkeeper . In the note the old lady wrote : “ You must not only fill your head with knowledge , but keep your feet warm , if you would preserve your health . If your brothers will go to Mr. Lane 's to-morrow , he will fit them both to new shoes , a gift from me . A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you all ! ” IDA FAY . Illustration HELP ONE ANOTHER . ONE day , passing through a meadow , I saw a sheep much troubled by flies . Presently I saw it walk to a small pond where there were some young ducks , and stand there quietly . Soon the ducks took notice of the flies , and , coming out from the water , began snapping them up , as if to punish them for worrying the poor sheep . By and by a starling , from a tree near by , flew down , lighted on the sheep 's back , and helped in the good work of ridding her of the flies . This , thought I , is a clear case of putting into practice the golden rule of “ Help one another . ” Perhaps you will say , that the ducks and the starling wanted to make a meal of the flies ; but I like to think that some less selfish motive was mingled with their work . ALFRED SELWYN . THE FAITHLESS FRIEND . MY little lamb , in early spring , Was but a timid , weakly thing : His old sheep-mother did not own him : He would , no doubt , have soon been dead , If I had not some pity shown him , And seen that he was warmed and fed . I was the only friend he knew , And fond of him each day I grew ; And , as I stroked his woolly head , “ Wherever you may be , I know , my little lamb , ” I said , “ You will remember me . ” But , when the fields grew green in May , They sent my little pet away To pasture , where the brooks were flowing Through yellow beds of cowslip flowers , Where purple violets were growing , And scented blossoms fell in showers From off the shading chestnut-trees , And daisies nodded in the breeze : And many mates my lambkin found , As young and gay as he , And all day long they frisked around And gambolled full of glee . But when the robin-redbreasts flew , And loud and shrill the north-winds blew , Back from the pastures hard and frozen , Through winter in the barn to keep , The little lamb that I had chosen They brought with all the other sheep ; And , oh ! how glad my face to see , I thought , my pretty pet will be ! But when to meet him I went out , And tried to coax and call , He drew away , and turned about , And would not come at all . With his white fleece and playful ways , My lamb now all about me praise ; But dearer far to me the sickly , Poor , shivering thing he used to be ; When to my call he came so quickly I thought that he was fond of me ! But if I pet him now , I know He 'll take my gifts , and off he 'll go ; For I , to my regret , have found I can no more depend On one who will go frisking round , And quite forget a friend . MARIAN DOUGLAS . Illustration BILLY AND THE PIG . HERE is another story about my father 's wise old horse , Billy . One day , when my father wished to go away to the mill , he sent my brother Robert down to the pasture to catch Billy . Robert brought the horse up to the house , tied him to the fence in the backyard , and gave him some oats in a pail . In a pen back of the house we kept three pigs : two of them were white ; and the other was spotted ,— black and white . These pigs had got out of the pen by pushing off a board from one side of it . Soon after Billy began to eat his dinner , the two white pigs came running through the yard . They saw Billy eating his oats ; and , thinking it would be nice for them to have some as well as he , they ran up to his pail , and without as much as saying , “ By your leave , ” began to help themselves . Billy had no idea of sharing his dinner with such company as this : so he lopped back his ears , looked as cross as he possibly could , snapped at the pigs fiercely with his teeth , raised his hind-feet from the ground , as if to kick them , and at last succeeded in frightening them away . Scarcely had they left the yard , however , before the spotted pig got his eye upon the pail of oats ; and he at once ran for it with all his might . Billy tried to scare him as he had the others ; but Spotty was not so easily frightened . He took no notice of any thing but the oats . Finding that threats were of no use , Billy seized him by the back of the neck , raised him about two feet from the ground , shook him a little , and then let him drop . Spotty was satisfied . He lost his appetite for oats , and ran squealing out of the yard . EDITH 'S PAPA . JOCKO , THE RAVEN . THE raven is a sly bird , and has not many friends . He will steal from you , if he can . He can crow like a cock , mew like a cat , and bark like a dog ; and sometimes he will imitate the sound of the rattle with which the farmer tries to frighten him away from the corn . The raven , like the parrot , can learn to talk a little . He is even capable of learning a little Latin . Dr. J. Franklin 's raven , which was named Jocko , pronounced the word aqua ( water ) distinctly ; but he much preferred wine to water . Sad to say , Jocko was a toper . “ One day , ” says the doctor , “ my housekeeper placed a glass of red wine on the table : in an instant the bird plunged in his beak , and began sucking up the wine , drop by drop . The housekeeper , fearing he would break the glass , took it away ; but at this Jocko was very angry , and tried to peck at her face . “ If three glasses are placed on the table ,— one of water , another of beer , and the third of wine ,— Jocko will leave the first two , and will pay his respects only to the glass of wine . ” Illustration The raven has a strong memory , great prudence , and some capacity for reasoning . The keen watchfulness with which he will regard a man armed with a gun has often been noticed . A traveller in the arctic regions relates that he once saw some ravens outwit a dog . While the dog was at his dinner , they would make him angry , and entice him away in pursuit of them ; and , when they had led him some distance , they would fly quickly back , and snatch up the best bones , before he could prevent it . That was hardly honest , was it ? The raven , you see , does not set a good example . He drinks wine , he fights , and he steals . But I suppose he knows no better , and has not been taught , like you and me , that to do such things is very wrong . ALFRED SELWYN . Illustration Music CHIPPEREE , CHIP . Words by G. COOPER . Music by T. CRAMPTON . 1 . I once knew a couple that liv 'd in a wood ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! And up in a tree-top their dwelling it stood ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! The summer it came and the summer it went ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! And there they lived on though they never paid rent ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! 2 . When winter came on with its frost and its snow ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! They cared not a bit when they heard the wind blow ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! For wrapp 'd in their feathers they lay down to sleep ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! But oh , in the spring , how their bright eyes did peep ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! 3 . Their parlor was lined with the softest of wool ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! Their kitchen was warm and their pantry was full ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! And four little babies peep 'd out at the sky ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip ! You never saw darlings so pretty and shy ,— Chipperee , chipperee , chip !