THE RURAL MAGAZINE , AND LITERARY EVENING FIRE-SIDE . VOL . I. PHILADELPHIA , Eleventh Month , 1820 . No . 11 . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . THE DESULTORY REMARKER . No . X . When casting around for topics , to which the attention of my readers may be solicited , they sometimes start up in almost every quarter ; and the principal difficulty arises in the task of selection . It is , however , altogether probable , that like the young lady , who after disregarding the pretensions of men of sense and merit , at length gives her hand to some empty-pated coxcomb , my final determination may not always furnish the most conclusive evidence of wisdom or correct taste . Notwithstanding this may be the case , it is possible that here and there , at distant intervals , something may be found from which improvement may be derived by those who are in pursuit of it . On the present occasion , the attention of my little circle is respectfully invited to a few of the occurrences of the passing year . We are now approaching the confines of winter , that season which has been called with great propriety its old age . Previously to its commencement , and during the continuance of what in this country is called Indian Summer , the face of nature is expressive of pleasing melancholy ; the sun divested of his ordinary radiance , courts our gaze — the prevailing stillness is only invaded by the falling leaf — and every phasis in which we behold her , is serene and tranquil . At such a period we are led into a train of sober and rational reflection ; and for a moment , feel wisely disposed to appropriate to our advantage , the truths which it reveals . In contemplating the progress of decay , and witnessing the beauties with which we are surrounded , successfully fading before our eyes , we are forcibly reminded of the solemn fact , that human life , with all its sublunary enjoyments , is also rapidly hastening to the tomb . We in some degree become familiar with the image of dissolution ; and the departure of those of our friends and acquaintances , who have during the past months joined “ the immense majority of the dead , ” is by the power of association brought to our remembrance . Most of them entered on the present year full of life and hope , and had every prospect of outliving many who are now their survivors ; but alas ! how vague and uncertain are all human calculations . The past summer and autumn , have in many parts of our otherwise highly favoured country , been accompanied with FEVER in its various appalling forms ; and numerous have been the victims to this minister of death . Our own metropolis was for some time the seat of painful apprehension , and no one could doubt the presence of a most malignant visiter , whose footsteps were , however , mercifully arrested by an overruling hand . NEW-ORLEANS and SAVANNAH have experienced more weighty and tremendous affliction from this source ; and the sufferings of their inhabitants claim our deep and sincere sympathy . Many of the laws of nature are still concealed from our observation ; but it is our duty to collect authentic facts , to reason from what we know , so that in some instances we may ascend from effects to their causes . It is certainly the part of wisdom , in relation to YELLOW FEVER , to guard with vigilance every supposed avenue of approach , whether domestic or foreign . The season has been remarkable in many respects . The earth has been unusually fruitful of her productions : the crops of bread-stuffs , and vegetables of every description , have been almost unprecedented .— Apples were never known to be so abundant and cheap . It may not moreover be altogether unworthy of remark , that myriads of musquitoes have for many weeks past been our unwelcome guests . Whether there be any necessary connexion between these circumstances or not , and in what manner it exists , is the proper business of philosophy to inquire , and if possible determine . Among the events which have recently passed in review before us of Pennsylvania , although we disclaim the character of politicians , the recent general election could not have been entirely a matter of indifference . But whether the election of a GOVERNOR , conducted as it is here with an inordinate excitement of all the angry passions , be promotive of the great moral interests of society , is at least questionable . Peaceable citizens very naturally keep aloof from such a conflict ; and from this circumstance alone , the commonwealth sustains great loss . Whether the immense patronage and influence of that important office could not be so lessened , by a partial distribution among other public functionaries , without impairing its essential dignity and usefulness ; and in this way the constant recurrence of such disreputable spectacles be obviated as that we have recently witnessed , is certainly a question of great moment to the tranquillity and character of the state . Belonging as we do to the great family of man , we cannot glance across the Atlantic at the important transactions of that region , without feeling an interest of no ordinary kind . Reference is here particularly made to the bloodless revolutions of Spain , Naples , and Portugal . We are hostile to the spirit of revolution , as such , but the character of these is well fitted to excite our “ special wonder . ” And it is anxiously to be desired , that the welfare of the people of those countries may have been substantially promoted by them ; for it ought to be remembered , that governments are instituted for the good of the whole , and not exclusively for the benefit of priests and kings . As Christians and patriots , we may on this subject be permitted to entertain such wishes as these . With regard to Great Britain , few of us can advert to what is there transpiring at present , in relation to royalty , without blushing for the land of our fathers ;— the land of NEWTON and LOCKE , of MILTON , of YOUNG , and of COWPER . The drama referred to , disgraceful as it is , is nevertheless fruitful of salutary lessons . Of these it may be observed , this is not the least striking and important , that however elevated station may be , it is still accessible to the consequences of guilt ; and its occupant may be made to tremble at their approach . We may also derive from its incidents , an argument in favour of our own form of government , comparatively simple and unimposing as it is in its structure ; but not less efficient with respect to the legitimate objects of government , without which , properly administered , the fabric of society would crumble into ruins , and lawless violence usurp the seat of order and justice . ☞ FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . THE VILLAGE TEACHER . One morning during the present autumn , I made an early excursion through the fields . The sky was unclouded , and the eastern horizon was in a glow with those saffron hues that usher in the day . The stream before me , unruffled by a breath of air , gave back the shape and colour of the landscape as distinctly as in a mirror . A few chirping insects , and now and then a warble , sometimes half heard from a distant grove , and sometimes bursting full upon the ear , were all that broke the silence . Captivated and riveted by the scene , I sat down under a favourite beech-tree , to enjoy it at my leisure . In such situations , the mind naturally falls into that train of musing which is most habitual ; and I was soon lost in meditations upon the inexhaustible beauty and magnificence of Nature , and those lessons of deep philosophy which are to be learned in its school . From one thought I passed to another , till insensibly I fell into the following revery . Methought that beside me was a hill , whose rocky sides seemed almost inaccessible . The ascent was somewhat easier near the top , which glowed as if it were on fire . Before the hill was a fertile and beautiful plain , which was terminated by a barren heath , and that , by the waters of a vast lake . A path , the beginning of which I could not discover , seemed to wind round the foot of the hill , till it came to where there was somewhat of an opening in rocks , and divided . One part took the direction of the plain , and was soon lost in innumerable avenues . The other ascended the hill , in nearly a straight direction to the summit . Where the path divided , there were stationed two beings of a celestial appearance . One of them , who guarded the ascent to the hill , was a youth of severe but manly beauty . A female stood at the entrance to the plain . She was elegantly though loosely dressed ; her head was crowned with a chaplet of flowers , and her whole contour was that of perfect beauty — yet there was a certain boldness and forwardness in her mien , that however it might captivate some , rather checked the advances of those whose self-command was not disarmed by her beauty . I perceived a crowd of persons advancing along the great road , towards these beings ; and when they came to where it forked , they seemed urged forward by an irresistible impulse , yet doubtful which path to pursue . Many attempted to ascend the hill , allured no doubt by the splendour of its summit . Yet I observed that the greater part of these , after toiling a little way up the ascent , turned back , after many a wistful look at the valley which lay behind them . The greater part of the travellers , however , chose the direction of the valley . Some were allured by the sight of verdant banks and shady groves , and by the strains of exquisite melody ever and anon wafted to their ears . Many were enticed by the Portress of the Plain , who assured them that there was a much easier and pleasanter way to the summit of the hill through her dominions . When they had once entered , it seemed like a region of enchantment . The main path , as I have mentioned , speedily lost itself in innumerable branches .— Many of these seemed to wind along the foot of the hill , so that the travellers easily persuaded themselves that they would soon find the road which the Genius had promised , and pitied the ascetic toil of those who were scaling the mountain . The inducements to repose , and the pleasures by the wayside , were , however , innumerable . Here a flower of uncommon beauty solicited their admiration , while umbrageous retreats and cooling fountains , presented themselves at every turn . Beings of celestial beauty were loitering in the shade — willing to be caressed , and ever ready to beguile the way with music and song . At one time they would invite the pilgrims to taste the golden fruits , which hung from the branches ; or to listen to the melody of some songster of the grove . At another they would join in the wanton dance , “ to the warbling of the lascivious lute , ” and lull their senses into oblivion with music like that of Circe . Every sense was gratified ; the sky was serene and brilliant , the landscape in its summer beauty , and the breeze was loaded with fragrance and melody . By degrees the paths lost their former direction , and all tended towards the end of the plain . I could see that the sirens , who so fatally beguiled the way , kept aloof from this part of the valley , and lingered among the cool and shady retreats at the entrance . Yet the travellers seemed , as before , urged on by an irresistible impulse ; although , as they advanced , the way became less pleasant , the groves and the flowers less frequent and luxuriant , and the melody of the birds less enchanting . The sun now shone with intolerable ardour , and the plain ended in a burning sandy desert , trackless and unwatered . The few sirens who still accompanied them , and who were before so irresistibly charming , lost by degrees their youth and beauty . A few withered hags were all that now remained . The lute and the myrtle wreath were exchanged for a whip of snakes and a dagger . With these they chased the band of miserable bloated wretches , urging them farther and farther from the last vestige of delight . I could see a number of winged boys , flying about , and armed with a bow and a quiver of arrows . They discharged their weapons at random , among the deluded travellers on the plain .— Their shafts most frequently fell blunted to the ground . But whomsoever they pierced , seemed roused as from a dream . The flowers , for them , lost their fragrancy , the song of the grove its music , and the banks their verdure . The sun burnt with tenfold rage , and they gazed on themselves and their companions with horror . Many of them turned and fled , and though they were pursued by the taunts and hisses of those around them , seldom stopped until they had gained the foot of the mountain . But the greater number tore the darts wildly from their bosoms , and pressed on more desperately than before . The wound , for a time , would appear to be healed . But whenever they were struck with the lashes of their pursuers , it opened again — a rankling and incurable sore . At every step their torment increased . Frantic and blaspheming , they hurried on towards the end of the desert , where a grove of blasted cedars seemed to promise shade , and the sound of waters , refreshment . But scarcely had they gained the bank , when the billows rolled over them , and closed for ever . The howling of the winds , the dashing of the waves , and the shrieks of the dying , sent horror to my soul .— I turned with pain from the prospect to observe those who were ascending the mountain . They seemed at first to advance with difficulty , for the ascent of the hill was steep and rocky . There was but one path to its summit , and this kept nearly a direct course , and seldom bent itself to the inequalities of the way . The travellers often stumbled over the stones that obstructed the passage , or tore themselves with the briars that trailed along the way . Sometimes they would unexpectedly find themselves at the foot of a rock that hid the prospect before them , and seemed to bar up the passage .— But an attentive observer might discover along its side a steep and hazardous , yet accessible path . Here all their vigour and caution was requisite ; and when they had gained the top , it was often only to discover new difficulties . Such were the obstacles , that many became disheartened , and sighed after and sought the voluptuous delights of the plain . The air on the mountain was cool and damp , and often overcast with clouds . Yet the thunder seldom rolled but at a distance , and the lightnings played innoxiously away . The ground was stony and barren , and seemed like a rude and desolate rock . Yet clusters of wild thyme , and chamomile , and rosemary , grew among the crevices of the stones ; and shed around their sweet , though wholesome and refreshing perfumes . I observed several beings of a mild and majestic appearance , who went about removing and lessening the obstructions of the way . They raised and strengthened those who had fallen , and encouraged the laggard and the slothful . They cheered their labours with the tale of mighty men of old , or bade them mark the beauties before them , and the dazzling brilliancy of the summit . Whether it was from the invigorating effects of the climate , or the zeal and confidence with which such discourse inspired them , the travellers seemed to gather fresh strength as they proceeded . Their countenances beamed with cheerfulness and hope , and they bounded over the obstacles in the path with alacrity and vigour . A transient gloom would sometimes cloud their features , and they would sometimes complain of the asperities of the way . But a glance at the radiance above , or a smile from the good Genii who accompanied them , would always restore their wonted cheerfulness . As they approached the summit , the road became more smooth and pleasant ; the rude unsightly rock was exchanged for groves and fields of verdure . The air was purer , and more transparent . The landscape around was Nature in her sweetest robe : arrayed not in the unripened beauties of spring , or the gorgeous magnificence of summer , it breathed the tempered lustre , the full maturity , the mild undazzling serenity of autumn . The thrush , the robin , and the turtle-dove , were heard from the recesses of the grove ; and the sky-lark sent down his melody from on high . Violets , jessamines , and honey-suckles , were scattered along the green , and wasted their sweets abroad . The radiance from the summit diffused a genial warmth around , and the travellers seemed already to enjoy the fruition of their labours ,— But as if conscious that greater felicity was in view , they still pressed forward till I could scarcely distinguish them through the splendour that enveloped the top of the mountain .— As I was attentively gazing on their progress , methought I could discover a magnificent temple amidst the blaze of glory . The dome , the walls , and the pillars , shone like diamond through the mountain crystal . In the midst of the hall I could faintly trace an altar smoking with incense . The porticos and the area of the temple were crowded with beings of celestial beauty . Their robes were purer than the driven snow , and their locks were interwoven with gold and amaranth . Some were watching the rolling incense from the altar , and some were hymning the praises of their heavenly guide , or chanting the deeds of heroes . Others welcomed the travellers as they arrived , and led them rejoicing to the midst of the temple . My sight , dazzled and overpowered , could behold them no longer .— The shout of welcome , the song of triumph , and the holy anthem , mellowed and softened by the distance , died sweetly away on my ear . “ Happy regions ! ” exclaimed I , “ this is indeed the abode of felicity . A thousand deaths , ten thousand years of anxiety and pain , would cheaply buy an admission to your delights . ” The violence of my emotion broke my slumbers ; and I awoke , like Mirza , to behold , not indeed the camels of the long valley of Bagdat , but the awakening life and activity of the country ,— the sober herd marching forth to their frugal pasture , the rattling swain , and the busy sounds of labour from the opposite hamlet . HUSBANDMEN , AND THE HONOUR PAID TO AGRICULTURE IN CHINA . From Navarette , Le Comte , Du Halde , & c . The Husbandmen in China , as to rank , are preferred to Merchants and Mechanics . They are endowed with large privileges , their profession being considered as the most necessary one in a state . Navarette observes , that the Chinese say , that the Emperor ought to take them under his particular care , and to allow them as large privileges as may be ; because all the empire subsists by their labour and industry . Nay , it could not subsist without the strongest inclination and application of the country-people that way ! China being so vastly populous , that if every inch of arable land was sowed , as in fact it generally is , yet the produce would be scarce sufficient to support the multitudes of inhabitants ; and the empire is too extensive to have its wants that way supplied from foreign parts , even if it kept up a correspondence with them . For these reasons it has always been one of the chiefest cares of the government to promote Agriculture , by honouring husbandmen and their profession . With this view a festival is instituted in honour of agriculture ; and the Emperor himself , once a year , turns ploughman , in imitation , as it is said , of the early monarchs , whose history seems to be calculated for the same end . The common opinion , according to the Missioners , is , that husbandry was first taught by Shin-nong , who is at this day reverenced as the inventor of so useful an art ; which has still gained farther credit from what is related in the books of their ancient philosophers . The Emperor Yau , who began to reign four hundred and eighty years after the monarch , it seems , set aside his own children in favour of a young husbandman , whom he chose for his successor . This choice of an emperor out of the country , has inspired the Chinese with a great esteem for agriculture . Yu , who succeeded Shun , came to the throne after the same manner . It is said , he found out the way , by means of canals , to drain off the water into the sea , which at the beginning of the empire overflowed several low countries , and afterwards made use of them to render the soil fruitful . It is added that he wrote several books concerning the manner of cultivating land , and watering it , which induced Shun to appoint him his successor , and has contributed much to raise the credit of agriculture , as they see it has been thought worthy the care and application of a great Prince . Several other emperors have expressed their zeal for this art . Kang Vang , third monarch of the Chew family , caused land-marks to be fixed , to prevent disputes among the husbandmen . King-Ving , the twenty-fourth of the same race , in whose reign Confusius was born , five hundred and thirty-one years before Christ , renewed the laws that had been made for promoting agriculture . In a word , the Emperor Ven-ti , who reigned three hundred and fifty-two years after , raised its esteem to a great pitch : for this Prince perceiving , that his country was ruined by the wars , to engage his subjects to cultivate the land , set them an example himself , by ploughing the fields belonging to his palace : which obliged all the ministers and gentlemen of his court to do the same . It is thought , that this was the original of a great festival that is solemnized every year in all the great cities of China , when the sun enters the fifteenth degree of aquarius ; which the Chinese look upon as the beginning of the spring . On this day the Governor comes out of his palace , carried in his chair , preceded by banners , lighted torches , and divers instruments ; he is attended with several litters , painted , and adorned with a variety of silk tapestry ; exhibiting various figures , and the portraits of illustrious persons who had practised husbandry , with histories relating to the same subject ! He is crowned with flowers ; and marches in this equipage towards the eastern gate of the city , as it were to meet the spring . Among the figures , there is a cow of earthenware , so monstrously large that forty men can hardly carry it .— Behind the cow , whose horns are gilt , is a young child with one foot naked and the other shod : him they call the genius of labour and diligence ; who strikes the earthen cow incessantly with a rod , as though it were to make it advance . All the husbandmen follow with their instruments ; after whom proceed companies of Masquers and Comedians , acting plays . In this manner they march to the Governor 's palace , where they strip the cow of her ornaments ; and drawing out of her belly a prodigious number of small cows made of clay , and distribute them among the multitude , as well as the fragments of the cow , which they break into pieces .— Afterwards the Governor makes a short discourse , recommending the care of husbandry as one of the things most conducive to the good of a state . The attention of the Emperors and Mandarins to the cultivation of the land is so great , that when deputies arrive at court from the Vice-Roys , the Chinese monarch never forgets to demand in what condition the fields appeared to them ; and the falling of a seasonable shower furnishes a proper occasion for visiting a Mandarin , to compliment him thereupon .— Every year , in spring , which falls in February , the Emperor ( according to the ancient custom ) goes himself , in a solemn manner , to plough a few ridges of land , in order to animate the husbandmen by his own example ; and the Mandarins of every city perform the ceremony , which is as follows — The tribunal of Mathematics having , pursuant to orders , fixed on the twenty-fourth of the second moon , as the proper day for the ceremony of tillage , that of the Rites gave notice to the present Emperor Yong-Ching , by a memorial which set forth the following particulars to be observed by him , preparatory to this festival .— 1st . That he should appoint 12 illustrious persons to attend and plough after him , viz . three princes , and nine presidents of the sovereign courts ; or the assistants of the latter , in case they were too old , or infirm .— 2nd . That as this ceremony does not solely consist in the Emperor 's ploughing the earth , in order to stir up emulation by his own example ; but also includes a sacrifice , which he , as Chief Pontiff , offers to Shang-ti , to procure plenty from him in favour of the people ; therefore by way of preparation , he ought to fast and observe continence the three preceding days ; the Princes and Mandarins , who accompany his Majesty , ought to prepare themselves in the same manner .— 3rd . That on the eve of the ceremony , his Majesty is to send several Lords of the first quality to the Hall of his ancestors , to prostrate themselves before their Tablet , and give them notice , as though they were yet living , that the next day he will offer the great sacrifice . Besides these directions to the Emperor , the tribunal likewise prescribes the preparations to be made by the different tribunals ; one is obliged to prepare the sacrifice ; another to compose the formula ; another to carry and set up the tents , under which his Majesty is to dine , in case he so orders it ; a fourth is to assemble forty or fifty husbandmen , venerable for their age , who are to be present when the Emperor ploughs the ground , with forty of the younger sort to make ready the ploughs , yoke the oxen , and prepare the grain that is to be sown ; consisting of five sorts , supposed to comprehend all the rest , as wheat , rice , beans , and two kinds of millet . On the twenty-fourth day of the moon , the Emperor went with his whole court , in his habit of ceremony , to the place appointed , to offer to Shang-ti the spring sacrifice ; by which he is implored to increase and preserve the fruits of the earth . The place is a little hillock made of earth , a few furlongs south from the city ; on the side of this elevation , which ought to be fifty feet four inches high , is the spot which is to be ploughed by the Imperial hands . After the Emperor had offered sacrifices , he descended with the three Princes and nine Presidents , who were to plough with him . Several great Lords carried the valuable chests , which contained the grains that were to be sown . All the court attended with profound silence ; then the Emperor took the plough and tilled the ground several times backwards and forwards ; when he quitted it a prince of the blood held it and ploughed ; as did all the rest in their turns . After having ploughed in several places , the Emperor sowed the different grain ; and the day following , the Husbandmen by profession , ( forty-four of them old and forty-two of them young ) finished the remainder of the field that was left untilled . The ceremony concluded with the appointed reward , which the Emperor bestowed upon each of them ; consisting of four pieces of dyed cotton to make cloths . The Governor of Pe-King goes often to visit this field , which is cultivated with great care ; and examines all the ridges thoroughly , to see if he can meet with any uncommon ears , such as they reckon good omens ; on which occasion he gives notice , that he found a stalk , for instance , that bore thirteen ears . In the autumn the same governor gets in the grain in yellow sacks ; which are stowed in a granary built for that purpose , called the Imperial Magazine . This grain is kept for the most solemn ceremonies ; for when the Emperor sacrifices to Tyen , or Shang-ti , he offers it as the fruit of his own hands ; and on certain days in the year , he presents it to his ancestors , as if they were still living . Among several good regulations made by the same Emperor , he has shown an uncommon regard for the Husbandmen . To encourage them in their labour , he has ordered the governors of all the cities to send him notice every year , of the person of this profession , in their respective districts , who is most remarkable for his application to agriculture ; for unblemished reputation ; for preserving union in his own family , and peace with his neighbours ; for his frugality and aversion to extravagance . Upon the report of the governor , the Emperor will advance this wise and diligent Husbandman to the degree of a Mandarin of the eighth order , and send him patents of an ordinary Mandarin ; which distinction will entitle him to wear the habit of a Mandarin , to visit the governor of the city , to sit in his presence , and drink tea with him . He will be respected all the rest of his days .— After his death he will have funeral obsequies suitable to his degree ; and his title of honour shall be written in the hall of his ancestors . What emulation must such a reward excite among the Husbandmen ! Accordingly we find that they are continually busied about their lands if they have any time to spare , they go immediately to the mountains to cut wood ; to the garden to look to their herbs , or to cut canes , & c. so that they are never idle . The land in China never lies fallow . Generally the same ground produces three crops in a year ; first rice ; and before it is reaped they sow fitches ; and when they are in , wheat , beans , or some other grain : thus it goes continually round . They very seldom employ their land for unprofitable uses , such as flower gardens , or fine walks ; believing useful things more for the public good , and their own . The attention of husbandmen is chiefly employed in the cultivation of rice . They manure their land extremely well ; gathering for that purpose , with extraordinary care , all sorts of ordure , both of men and animals , or truck for it wood , herbs , or linseed oil . This kind of manure , which elsewhere would burn up the plants , is very proper for the lands of China ; where they have an art of tempering it with water before they use it . They gather the dung in pails , which they commonly carry covered on their shoulders ; and this contributes very much to the cleanness of their cities , whose filth is thus taken away every day . In the province of Che-Kyang , and other places , where they sow rice , they use balls of hog 's , or even human hair ; which , according to them , gives strength to the land , and makes that grain grow better . For this reason , Barbers save the hair which they cut off the heads , and sell for about a halfpenny a pound to such people , who carry it away in bags ; and you may often see barks loaded with it . When the plant begins to ear , if the land be watered with spring water , they mix quicklime with it ; saying that it kills worms and insects , destroys weeds , and gives a warmth to the ground , which contributes much to fertility . By this means the rice fields are so clean , that Navarette , sometimes , walked through them , looking for some small herb ; and could never find any ; so that he concludes , the rice which is surprisingly tall and fine , draws all the nourishment from the ground . The husbandmen sow their grain at first without any order ; but when it has shot about a foot , or a foot and a half high , they pluck it up by the roots ; and making it into a sort of small sheaves , plant it by a line , and checkerwise ; to the end , that ears , resting upon each other , may stand more firmly , and resist the winds .— But , before the rice is transplanted , they level the land , and make it very smooth , after the following manner . Having ploughed the ground three or four times successively , always to the ancles in water , they break the clods with the head of their mattocks ; then , by the help of a wooden machine ( on which a man stands upright , and guides the buffalo that draws it ) they smooth the earth , that the water may be every where of an equal height ; insomuch that the plains seem more like vast gardens than open fields . The mountains in China are all cultivated ; but one sees neither hedges nor ditches , nor scarce any tree ; so fearful they are of loosing an inch of ground . It is very agreeable to behold , in some places , plains three or four leagues in length , surrounded with hills and mountains , cut from bottom to top , into terraces three or four feet high , and rising one above another , sometimes to the number of twenty or thirty . These mountains are not generally rocky , as those in Europe , the soil being light and porous , and so easy to be cut in several provinces , that one may dig three or four hundred feet without meeting with the rock . When the mountains are rocky , the Chinese loosen the stones , and make little walls of them to support the terraces ; they then level the good soil and sow it with grain . They are still more industrious .— Though in some provinces , there be barren and uncultivated mountains , yet the valleys and fields which separate them in a vast number of places , are very fruitful and well cultivated . The husbandman first levels all the unequal places that are capable of culture . He then divides that part of the land , which is on the same level , into plots ; and that along the edges of the valleys , which is unequal , into stories , in form of an amphitheatre : and as the rice will not thrive without water , they make reservoirs , at proper distances , and different heights , to catch the rain and the water which descends from the mountains , in order to distribute it equally among their rice plots ; either by letting it run down from the reservoir to the plots below , or causing it to ascend from the lower reservoir to the highest stories . For this purpose they make use of certain hydraulic engines , which are very simple , both as to their make and the manner of playing them . It is composed of a chain made of wood , resembling a chaplet or pair of beads , strung as it were with a great number of flat boards , six or seven inches square , and placed parallel at equal distances . This chain passes through a square tube or gutter : at the lower end whereof is a smooth cylinder or barrel , whose axis is fixed in the two sides : and to the upper end is fastened a sort of drum , set round with little boards to answer those of the chain , which passes round both it and the cylinder ; so that when the drum is turned , the chain turns also ; and , consequently , the lower end of the gutter or tube being put into the water , and the drum-end set to the height where the water is to be conveyed , the boards filling exactly the cavity of the tube , must carry up a continual stream so long as the machine is in motion ; which is performed in three ways :— 1st . With the hand , by means of one or two handles applied to the ends of the axis of the drum .— 2nd . With the feet , by means of certain large wooden pegs , about half a foot long , set round the axle-tree of the drum for that purpose .— These pegs have long heads , rounded on the outside , for applying the soles of the naked feet ; so that one or more men , may with the greatest ease put the engine in motion , either standing or sitting ; their hands being employed all the while , the one holding an umbrella , and the other a fan .— 3rd . By the assistance of a buffalo , or some other animal made fast to a great wheel , about four yards in diameter , placed horizontally . Round its circumference are fixed a great number of pegs or teeth ; which tallying exactly with those in the axle-tree of the drum , turn the machine with a great deal of ease . When a canal is to be cleansed , which often happens ,— it is divided , at convenient distances , by dikes ; and every neighbouring village , being allotted its share , the peasants immediately appear with their chain-engines ; whereby the water is conveyed from one to the other . This labour , though painful , is soon ended , by means of the multitudes of hands . In some parts , as the province of Fo-Kyen , the mountains , though not very high , are contiguous , and with scarce any valleys between ; yet they are all cultivated by the art which the husbandmen have to convey the water from one to the other through pipes made of bamboo . To this surprizing industry of the husbandmen , is owing that great plenty of grain and herbs , that reigns in China above all other regions . Notwithstanding which , the land hardly suffices to support its inhabitants ; and one may venture to say , that to live comfortably they have need of a country as large again . REMARKS ON SALT AS A MANURE . The progress of agriculture has been , and no doubt will continue to be , proportionate to the advancement of the science of chymistry ; and the absolute necessity of calling in the aid of this science to that of agriculture , will be perfectly evident , when we reflect , that whenever any substance is applied to the soil , it becomes very frequently changed into new matter by combination or decomposition .— When a handful of salt is thrown upon some soils , its nature is in a very short time changed , and it becomes a new substance , which may be useful or injurious to vegetation , according to the change which it has undergone . Hence originates the great diversity of opinion , relative to the use of salt as a manure , a subject which the science of chymistry would set at rest , after a few simple experiments , but which the practice of agriculture would never determine without the knowledge of the effect of the soil , on the salt . There are also other considerations which materially affect the value in which this article is held as a manure . The farmers in Cornwall , in England , use the salt in which fish has been cured , by which the salt has already been partially changed , by combining it with the ammonia of the fish , which is one of the most powerful fertilizers known to chymical science . The practice also of using sea sand , in the same shire , is attended with effects which are as much owing to the use of the sand as the salt .— The astonishing effect produced by the urine of cattle , in Flanders , is no evidence in favour of salt , [ as the urine contains twelve or thirteen fertilizing saline substances , besides salt ] but it is a very powerful one in favour of compound saline manures . Salt is used in one of the preparations for the Patent Plaster , or Fertilizing Compost , but it is in that case combined with quicklime , and its eventual product is the muriate of lime and soda , both of which , when combined with other substances , are powerful fertilizers . It appears to be a provision of nature , that the muriate of soda , or common salt , should be a neutral substance with respect to fertilizing the soil . For if it possessed any degree of fertilizing powers , its effect would be seen on our sea-coasts ; and its utility , by this time , would have been decisively proved by experiment as well as accident . That salt is partially beneficial to some soils , is beyond a doubt ; but whether the benefit is equivalent to the expense of using it , is a question which can only be determined by the nature of the soil .— Wherever lime is used as a manure , salt may be beneficially applied , or when combined with any fertilizing substance which has a tendency to decompose it , but in this case the fertilizing power is owing to the new product , and not to the muriate of soda . [ Morn . Chron . THE LOCUST TREE . A writer in the Long Island Star , highly recommends the cultivation of the Locust Tree , as a profitable business . He says the price of this timber is about seventy-five cents per cubic foot — that 200 trees will grow on an acre of land — or 20 , 000 trees to a hundred acres , which may average 20 feet per tree , which would give the enormous sum of $ 300 , 000 . But suppose they amount to only $ 100 , 000 , as the nett profits from 100 acres , in what way can the landholder expect so great a profit in 30 years , with the same probability of success , as from this ? He mentions , that the timber , the seeds of which were planted by one man in England , was sold for 60 , 000l . sterling . The locust becomes valuable in 15 years after planting , and in 25 or 30 years of full growth . It is easily raised by planting 15 or 20 trees to the acre ; and as soon as the roots have spread , running a plough through the ground , and when it cuts the roots , new shoots will spring up . This tree also invites the grass to grow under it , and the shade does not materially injure it ; and while grass in the field is burnt up by the scorching rays of the sun , the locust grove will yield a rich and luxuriant pasture . From Baldwin 's London Magazine . MEMOIRS OF RICHARD L. EDGEWORTH , Esq . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] Memoirs of the late R. L. Edgeworth , Esq . begun by himself , and finished by his Daughter , Maria Edgeworth . 2 vols . London , 1820 . The first volume contains such part of the memoirs of Mr Edgeworth as was written by himself , and is of a very different complexion from the second from the pen of his daughter . We see in every page of the former , evidence of that abundance of animal spirits , and healthy activity of body and mind , which often changed their channel of direction in the course of his life , without ever relaxing their innate spring , or losing any of their pristine force of impulse . It is indeed Mr. Edgeworth 's boast , corroborated by his daughter 's testimony , that he was unchanged by age , or events .— He seems to have had a ready and quick feeling for every thing that happened , just as the bulrush has a rapid sympathy with the breeze that passes over it , and raises its head exactly into its old position the instant it is gone by . Mr. Edgeworth began to marry at twenty , and continued the practice till late in life . In fact , matrimony and mechanics seem to have monopolized his fidelity : with dancing he was desperately enamoured at first , but his taste soon tired of it , though he is careful to assure us his legs never did . Gambling and dissipated companions possessed him for a time , but neither sullied his mind , nor permanently influenced his habits . Telegraphs and one-wheeled chaises , however , kept stronger hold of him : he was the first to send poetry across the channel by a chain of signals ; and he contrived for himself a carriage in which his “ legs were warned to lift themselves up , ” to escape being broken by posts , and in which he sat “ pretty safe from wet , ” his feet being “ secured by leathers which folded up like the sides of bellows . ” One of his exploits in this commodious vehicle , he records in a tone of exultation with which we entirely sympathize :— “ On my road to Birmingham , I passed through Long-Compton , in Warwickshire , on a Sunday . The people were returning from church , and numbers stopped to gaze at me . There is or was a shallow ford near the town , over which there was a very narrow bridge for horse and foot passengers , but not sufficiently wide for wagons or chaises . Towards this bridge I drove . The people , not perceiving the structure of my one-wheeled vehicle , called to me with great eagerness to warn me , that the bridge was too narrow for carriages . I had an excellent horse , which went so fast as to give but little time for examination . The louder they called , the faster I drove , and when I had passed the bridge , they shouted after me with surprise . I got on to Shipton upon Stour ; but , before I had dined there , I found that my fame had overtaken me . My carriage was put into a coach-house , so that those who came from Long-Compton , not seeing it , did not recognize me ; I therefore had an opportunity of hearing all the exaggerations and strange conjectures , which were made by those who related my passage over the narrow bridge . There were posts on the bridge , to prevent , as I suppose , more than one horseman from passing at once . Some of the spectators asserted , that my carriage had gone over these posts ; others said that it had not wheels , which was indeed literally true ; but they meant to say that it was without any wheel . Some were sure that no carriage ever went so fast ; and all agreed , that at the end of the bridge , where the floods had laid the road for some way under water , my carriage swam on the surface of the water . ” Mr. Edgeworth was also , about the commencement of his career in mechanics , lucky enough to contrive a wheel which “ should carry on a man as fast as he could possibly walk , ” that is to say , provided he “ plied his legs with energy . ” On the first experiment being made , it answered its purpose so well as to give the lad within scarcely time “ to jump from his rolling prison before it reached the chalk-pit ; but the wheel went on with such velocity as to outstrip its pursuers , and rolling over the edge of the precipice it was dashed to pieces . ” To recompense himself for this misfortune , he invented “ a sailing carriage . ” “ The carriage was light , steady , and ran with amazing velocity . One day when I was preparing for a sail in it , with my friend and schoolfellow , Mr. William Foster , my wheel-boat escaped from its moorings , just as we were going to step on board . With the utmost difficulty I overtook it , and as I saw three or four stage coaches on the road , and feared that this sailing chariot might frighten their horses , I , at the hazard of my life , got into my carriage while it was under full sail , and then , at a favourable part of the road , I used the means I had of guiding it easily out of the way . But the sense of the mischief which must have ensued , if I had not succeeded in getting into the machine at the proper place , and stopping it at the right moment was so strong , as to deter me from trying any more experiments on this carriage in such a dangerous place . Such should never be attempted except on a large common , at a distance from a high road . It may not however be amiss to suggest , that upon a large extent of iron rail-way , in an open country , carriages properly constructed , might make profitable voyages from time to time with sails instead of horses ; for though a constant or regular intercourse could not be thus carried on , yet goods of a certain sort , that are saleable at any time , might be stored till wind and weather were favourable . ” One more of Mr. Edgeworth 's ingenious inventions is all we can allow to this subject :— he offered for a wager to produce a wooden horse that should carry him safely over the highest wall in the country ! “ It struck me , that , if a machine were made with eight legs , four only of which should stand upon the ground at one time ; if the remaining four were raised up into the body of the machine , and if this body were divided into two parts , sliding , or rather rolling on cylinders , one of the parts , and the legs belonging to it , might in two efforts be projected over the wall by a person in the machine ; and the legs belonging to this part might be let down to the ground , and then the other half of the machine might have its legs drawn up , and be projected over the wall , and so on alternately . This idea by degrees developed itself in my mind , so as to make me perceive , that as one half of the machine was always a road for the other half , and that such a machine never rolled upon the ground , a carriage might be made , which should carry a road for itself . It is already certain , that a carriage moving on an iron rail-way may be drawn with a fourth part of the force requisite to draw it on a common road . After having made a number of models of my machine , that should carry and lay down its own road . I took out a patent to secure to myself the principle ; but the term of my patent has been long since expired , without my having been able to unite to my satisfaction in this machine strength with sufficient lightness , and with regular motion , so as to obtain the advantages I proposed . As an encouragement to perseverance , I assure my readers , that I never lost sight of this scheme during forty years ; that I have made considerably above one hundred working models upon this principle , in a great variety of forms ; and that , although I have not yet been able to accomplish my project , I am still satisfied that it is feasible . ” Justice , however , will not permit us to go to other matters contained in these most entertaining biographical notices , without cautioning the reader not to take the standard of the utility and intelligence of Mr. Edgeworth 's mechanical pursuits , from these specimens of his achievements in this line . He effected much of a more useful nature , and appears to have had very considerable talent in his way — but so in fact had King Corny . Mr. Edgeworth 's first marriage was the only unsuitable one of the several it was his fortune to make ; and not finding his wife cheerful at home , he says , led him to seek cheerful company abroad . In fact , before the death of his father , we find him quite involved in the vortex of dissipation and fashion . His picture of the beau monde of those times is not without its charm . “ Among the ladies who visited the Mrs. Blakes , was a Miss Dalton , the famous “ Fanny , blooming fair , ” whom Lord Chesterfield has celebrated . He was ingenious enough to detect the legerdemain tricks of the “ celebrated Comus . ” Miss D. told him that her relation , the famous Sir Francis Blake Delaval , had also discovered these secrets , and believed himself to be the only man in England who possessed them . This brought about an acquaintance , or rather intimacy , between Mr. Edgeworth and Sir Francis , from the description of the incidents of which we derive much amusement . They arranged together the house in Downing street , where Sir Francis lived , for the representation of conjuring tricks . “ The ingenuity of some of the contrivances , that were employed in our deceptions , attracted the notice not only of those who sought mere amusement , but of men of letters and science , who came to our exhibitions . This circumstance was highly grateful to Sir Francis , and advantageous to me . I , by these means , became acquainted with many men of eminence , to whom I could not at any period of my life have otherwise obtained familiar access . Among the number were Dr. Knight , of the British Museum : Dr. Watson ; Mr. Wilson ; Mr. Espinasse , the electrician ; Foote , the author and actor , a man , who , beside his well known humour , possessed a considerable fund of real feeling ; Macklin , and all the famous actors of the day . They resorted to a constant table , which was open to men of genius and merit in every department of literature and science .— I cannot say that his guests were always “ unelbowed by a player ; ” but I can truly assert , that none but those who were an honour to the stage , and who were admitted into the best company at other houses , were received at Sir Francis Delaval 's . They got up the tragedy of the Fair Penitent here , to allow the late Duke of York , who afterwards died suddenly at Rome , to play Lothario ; and “ he was as warm , as hasty , and as much in love , as the fair Calista could possibly wish . ” A pleasant supper-party , he says , they had at the King 's Arms , Covent Garden , after the performance . “ Macklin called for a nightcap , and threw off his wig . This , it was whispered to me , was a signal of his intention to be entertaining . Plays , play-wrights , enunciation , action , every thing belonging to eloquence of every species , was discussed . Angelo , the graceful fencing-master , and Bensley , the actor , were of the party .— Angelo was consulted by Bensley , on what he ought to do with his hands while he was speaking . Angelo told him , that it was impossible to prescribe what he should always do with them ; but that it was easy to tell him what should not be done — “ he should not put them into his breeches ’ pockets ” — a custom to which poor Bensley was much addicted . Pronunciation was discussed ; the faults in our language in this particular were copiously enumerated . “ For instance , ” said Macklin , “ Pare me a pair of pears . ” You may take three words out of this sentence , of the same sound , but of different meanings , and I defy any man to pronounce them in such a manner as to discriminate the sounds , or to mark to any ear by his pronunciation the difference between the verb to pare , the noun of number , a pair , and the fruit , pear . The pompous Bensley undertook that Powel , who was remarkable for a good ear , should do this . Bensley , who mouthed prodigiously whilst he spoke , was put behind a curtain , that the motion of his lips might not assist Powel in judging what meaning he intended to express by each of the words as he pronounced them . One of the company was placed behind the curtain , and to him Bensley was previously to communicate , whether he proposed to pronounce the word denoting the action , the noun of number , or the fruit . Bensley failed so often , and so ridiculously , that he became quite angry , and charged Powel with wilful misapprehension . To defend himself , Powel proposed that Holland should try his skill ; but Holland had no better success . During these trials , I concerted by signs with Sir Francis , a method of pointing out my meaning , and I offered to try my skill . The audience with difficulty restrained their contempt : but I took my place behind the curtain , and they were soon compelled to acknowledge , that I had a more distinct pronunciation , or that Sir Francis had more acute hearing , than the rest of the company . Out of twenty experiments , I never failed more than two or three times , and in these I failed on purpose , to prevent suspicion . I had made my confederate understand , that when I turned my right foot outward , as it appeared from beneath the curtain , I meant to say pare , to cut ; when I turned inward , pair , a couple ; and when it was straight forward , pear , the fruit . We kept our own counsel , and won unmerited applause . Amidst such trifling as this , much sound criticism was mixed , which improved my literary taste , and a number of entertaining anecdotes were related , which informed my inexperienced mind with knowledge of the world . ” One of the many excellent anecdotes which Mr. Edgeworth introduces relative to the extraordinary man of the town with whom he was now passing his time , we shall give as a sample . Sir Francis had contrived to represent the borough of Andover , in several Parliaments , by practising a series of tricks on his constituents :— but at length , he sustained a reverse of fortune , and his electioneering success terminated . His attorney 's bill was yet to be discharged . It had been running on for many years ; and though large sums had been paid on account , a prodigious balance still remained to be adjusted . The affair came before the King 's Bench . Among a variety of exorbitant and monstrous charges , there appeared the following article . “ To being thrown out of the window at the George Inn , Andover — to my leg being thereby broken — to surgeon 's bill , and loss of time and business — all in the service of Sir F. B . Delaval .— Five hundred pounds . “ When this curious item came to be explained , it appeared , that the attorney had , by way of promoting Sir Francis ’ interest in the borough , sent cards of invitation to the officers of a regiment in the town , in the name of the mayor and corporation , inviting them to dine and drink his Majesty 's health on his birthday . He , at the same time , wrote a similar invitation to the mayor and corporation , in the name of the officers of the regiment . The two companies met , complimented each other , eat a good dinner , drank a hearty bottle of wine to his Majesty 's health , and prepared to break up .— The commanding officer of the regiment , being the politest man in company , made a handsome speech to Mr. Mayor , thanking him for his hospitable invitation and entertainment . “ No , Colonel , ” replied the mayor , “ it is to you that thanks are due by me and by my brother aldermen for your generous treat to us . ” The colonel replied with as much warmth as good breeding would allow : the mayor retorted with downright anger , swearing that he would not be choused by the bravest colonel in his Majesty 's service .— “ Mr. Mayor , ” said the colonel , “ there is no necessity for displaying any vulgar passion on this occasion . Permit me to show you , that I have here your obliging card of invitation . ” — “ Nay , Mr . Colonel , here is no opportunity for bantering , there is your card . ” Upon examining the cards , it was observed , that notwithstanding an attempt to disguise it , both cards were written in the same hand by some person , who had designed to make fools of them all . Every eye of the corporation turned spontaneously upon the attorney , who , of course , attended all public meetings . His impudence suddenly gave way , he faltered and betrayed himself so fully by his confusion , that the colonel , in a fit of summary justice , threw him out of the window . For this Sir Francis Delaval was charged five hundred pounds .— Whether he paid the money of not , I forget . ” THE PROMPTER . It will do for the present . This common saying does as much mischief in society , as rum or a pestilence . If I hear a man , whether a farmer , a mechanic , or any other person , often repeat that saying , and appear to act from the opinion , that it will do for the present , I rely on it he is a sloven , a drone , or something worse . I never knew such a man thrive . A young man setting out in life , is in haste to be married . He wants a house to live in , but is not fully able to build one . Yet his pride requires a large showy house . At last , between poverty and pride , he determines to build a large house , but not to finish it till he is more able . He sets up a large two story house , with four rooms in a story — he covers it and paints it : this is a showy house — his pride exults to see passengers stare at his elegant house : but though pride governs the outside , poverty reigns within — he can finish but two rooms , half finish one or two more — and lay a loose floor above , to spread his corn upon : this elegant mansion house then is a granary — a corn house : the man and a litter of children below — and rats and mice above : but the man says , it will do for the present . True , but the man has but twenty or thirty acres of land , or an indifferent trade — his family grows faster than his income — he is not able to finish his house — the covering soon decays and admits water — the house falls to pieces — the man is forced poor into the wilderness , or he and his children loiter about , dependant on the neighbours for subsistence by day labour . I know one of these do-for-the-present-farmers , who never effectually repairs his fences ; but when a breach is made , he fills it with a bush that a sheep may remove : if a rail is broke , and another is not at hand , he takes the next billet of wood , inserts one end into the post , and ties up the other with elm or hickory bark — he says , this will do for the present . His cattle learn to be unruly — to remedy the evil , fetters , shackles , clogs , yokes , and what he calls pokes , are invented — and his cattle and horses are doomed to hobble about their pasture with a hundred weight of wood or iron machines upon their feet and necks . The man himself , in two years , spends time enough in patching up his fences and making fetters , to make a good effectual fence round his whole farm , which would want very little repair in twenty years . In family affairs , these do-for-the-present folks double their necessary labour . They labour hard to put things out of order , and then it requires nearly the same work to put them into order again . A man uses an axe , a hoe , a spade , and throws it down where he uses it ; instead of putting it in its proper place , under cover . Exposed to the weather , tools do not last more than half so long , as when kept housed ; but this is not all : a sloven leaves the tool where he last used it — or throws it down any where at random : in a few days he wants it again — he has forgot where he left it — he goes to look for it — he spends perhaps half an hour in search of it , or walks a distance to get it : this time is lost , for it breaks in upon some other business — the loss of this small portion of time appears trifling ; but slovens and sluts incur such losses every day ; and the loss of these little scraps of time determine a man 's fortune . Let the Prompter make a little calculation : a farmer , whose family expends one hundred pounds a year , if he can clear ten pounds a year is a thriving man . In order to get his one hundred and ten pounds , suppose he labours ten hours a day : in this case , if he loses an hour every day , in repairing the carelessness of the day before ( and every sloven and slut loses more time than this , every day , for want of care and order ) he loses a tenth part of his time — a tenth part of his income — this is eleven pounds . Such a man cannot thrive — he must grow poorer , for want of care , of order , of method . So it is with a woman . A neat woman who does business thoroughly , keeps things in order , with about half the labour that a slut employs who keeps things for ever out of order . If a pail or kettle be used , it is directly made clean , fit for other uses , and put in its place . When it is wanted , it is ready . But a slut uses an article and leaves it any where , dirty , unfit for use another time : by and by it is wanted , and cannot be found — “ Moll , where did you leave the kettle ? ” “ I ha n't had the kettle , Nab had it last ” — “ Nab , did you have the kettle ? ” “ Yes , but it is dirty . ” So the kettle is found , but it is a half hour 's work to fit it for the purpose required ; in the mean time , the necessary business must lie by . Yet this woman says , when she does any thing , it will do for the present . I have only to add , that I went to church , on a late cold Sunday , when a neighbouring clergyman officiated . He had spoken to his fifteenthly , when the clock struck one . Every man was shivering with the cold , and shuffling his feet — the parson took the hint , and broke off with “ this will do for the present . ” STAPLES OF MISSOURI . 1 . Lead .— MISSOURI is famed throughout Europe and America , for the extent and value of her lead mines . She would be able to furnish all the U . States , the West Indies , Mexico , and South America , with that article . In the meantime , the U . States are purchasing lead from England ! About $ 500 , 000 per annum is usually paid by Americans to Englishmen for lead ; last year , however , it was about $ 300 , 000 . The difference of the policy pursued by the two nations , is the cause of this state of things . In England , foreign lead pays a duty of 26l . 13s . 4d . sterling on every quantity of 100l . worth imported ; and the lead mines are private property . In America , foreign lead pays but little duty , and the mines are monopolized by the government . 2 . Iron .— Missouri has a great interest in the production of domestic iron . She possesses immense beds of ore , exceedingly rich , and well situated to be worked , and conveniently transported to all parts of the valley of the Mississippi . The waters of the Merrimac , and of the Gasconade are the chief seats of this ore , although it is found in many other parts of the territory , and in such amazing quantities , that it may be considered to be for ever inexhaustible . Missouri could furnish not only herself and immediate neighbours , but the whole valley of the Mississippi with iron and its manufactures , yet she is purchasing these articles from England , Sweden and Russia ! 3 . Salt .— - The state of Missouri abounds with salt springs . In many places they are almost as common as fresh water springs . They are found in every section of the country , but especially in the Boon'shYpppHeNlick district , and on the waters of Salt River , a branch of the Mississippi . Missouri would be able to furnish an empire with salt , but heretofore she has purchased that article from the Illinois and Kenawha , from Liverpool , St. Ubes , and Turk 's Island !— The government monopoly was one cause of this . Since the purchase of Louisiana the government had reserved the salt springs ; but in the bill for admitting Missouri into the Union , 12 springs , to be chosen by the Legislature , with four sections of land around each , are to be given to the state ; and the remainder will probably be sold out , and become private property . These springs will be a source of wealth to the people , and of revenue to the state . With a judicious system of management , the whole expenses of the state government may possibly be defrayed from the rents and profits accruing from 12 selected springs . 4 . Hemp .— The soil and the climate of Missouri , announce it to be the true country for the production of hemp . Experience establishes the fact . Many farmers have raised it , as well under the Spanish as under the American government . The quantity obtained from an acre is prodigious , and by experiments made at New Orleans , under the auspices of the Governor General , the Baron de Carondelet , it was proved to be equal ( the account says superior ) in strength and fineness of fibre , to the boasted hemp of Russia . Persons who have looked to the resources of Missouri have always considered hemp as one of its staples , and the encouragement of its growth one of the first objects of our farmers and statesmen . SPEECH NATURAL TO MAN . In your paper some time past I saw an account of “ a wild woman found in the interior of Java . ” History furnishes many instances of these “ unfortunate commoners of nature , ” who have been exposed by design or accident . Comparatively few , we fear , have been brought to the domestic hearth ; fewer still have been completely civilized . A book of travels , now almost obsolete , states instances of this kind . A race of marauding Tartars , subjects of Russia , frequently attacked Polish villages , and carried off whole families : in conveying their captives home they had to pass the wild and intricate forest of Minsk , in Russian Lithuania , and there these unfortunate mothers lost , and were separated from , their children . In after days , when this stupendous region was traversed for other purposes than the nefarious one above mentioned , several human males were found , in almost as barbarous a state as the native burghers of the forest , to whose ferocious instinct many of these innocents had doubtless fallen a prey . Peter , the Wild Boy , excited much interest in his day . George the 2d , of England , found him whilst hunting in the woods near Hamelin , in the electorate of Hanover . Peter , when found , ran on all fours , like the quadrupeds amongst whom he had been raised . We might ask , why did the brutes of prey in this as well as other instances , deviate from the voracious instinct planted in their nature ? To accident we cannot refer it ; and , after wearying our minds with conjecture , we can only end the difficulty by attributing it to that providential care which preserved Daniel in the lion 's den . Peter never could be taught to articulate more than two words — his own name and George ; but he learned , with facility and correctness , the notes of several tunes . Lord Monboddo , of eccentric memory , mentions in his narrative respecting Peter , that two children had been found in the same wild state — one in the island of Diego Garcia , and one in the Pyrenees . He also states that two wild children were found in the Dismal Swamp of Virginia . [ 2 ] This immense morass is yet , in its inmost recesses , the refuge of wild animals of prey , particularly bears , panthers , and wild cats . During a fire in these swamps , 10 or 12 years ago , numbers were hunted down , who had fled before the rapid flames . A resident in that neighbourhood informed me that he had seen 17 of these animals , some half-burned , hung upon a single tree . In respect to the children noticed by Lord Monboddo , I cannot , in any history of either Virginia or North Carolina , find the least hint of such a circumstance having occurred ; nor does the writer specify the period when they were found . Is it not probable that these outcasts from society ( admitting the noble author to be rightly informed ) were the offspring of aboriginal females , compelled to seek shelter in these swamps from the invading colonist , or from some hostile tribe ?— Amongst the innumerable tribes of Indians in Virginia and North Carolina , the Tuskaroras were perhaps most powerful , and most immediately in the vicinity of this large tract . These aborigines were not all dispersed or destroyed until 1803 , some of them living peaceably on the reserved lands . The main body of this tribe of Indians had migrated to New York state , and joined the Senecas , ( one of the Six Nations ,) many years preceding . Is it not probable , I again ask , that the young savages of lord Monboddo did , in fact , inherit the name from their birth ? I would ask , as a matter of curiosity , of yourselves , Messrs . Editors , or any of your correspondents , answers to the following questions : When were these children found ? Of what age when discovered ? By whom found ? What became of them ? Could they be taught the use of speech ? [ 2 ] This great swamp , containing nearly 150 , 000 acres , lies more in North Carolina than Virginia . It is a marshy region , covered with a thick growth of cypress or juniper , many of which trees are of a prodigious growth . These trees are occasionally intermingled with oak , poplar , and maple . The annual fall of leaves , and the decay of trees , raise the surface above the original soil some feet , this part being completely saturated with water . The improvements in agriculture have done much to drain this vast surface , and many parts are sufficiently dry for the shingle-cutters and stave-makers to pursue their avocations in spots of this dreary region . Lord Monboddo maintains that speech is not natural to man , and that the want of it is no proof that the Ourang-Outang is not of the same species , as that animal only wants the artificial use of it . King John , of England , [ 3 ] held the same hypothesis upwards of five centuries before . Tradition ( for such records are beneath the dignity of history ) asserts , that this monarch imprisoned two children ( a male and female ) in separate cells . [ 4 ] When , at a certain age , they were brought before him , each of these little victims repeated a sarcasm on his folly in thus confining them . He considered his hypothesis as confirmed , but punished the keepers . The legend is here torn , and we do not learn ( supposing it true ) what became of the children , or what further progress they made in language . That man has the power , as well as the organs of speech , it appears an absurdity to deny ; for , what country has ever been discovered where the natives had not the means of communicating verbally with each other ? In the earliest records of the world we find no sanction for such an opinion ; for the Antediluvians were certainly not defective in the power or use of speech to convey their ideas . If we deny this we virtually acknowledge our belief that the Mosaic account of the creation is “ a cunningly devised fable . ” After the Flood we cannot doubt that Noah and his descendants still spoke the language of Adam . “ All the nations spoke one language . ” Lord Kames contends that , after the building of Babel , “ men again degenerated into a savage state , ” which he attributes to the confusion of tongues , and the dispersion of the tribes . We are no where told that they lost or forgot the use of speech , which lord Monboddo considers incidental to the savage state . [ 3 ] The Prince John of Ivanhoe , whom Hume characterises as replete “ with cowardice , inactivity , folly , levity , licentiousness , ingratitude , treachery , tyranny , and cruelty . ” What a tissue of crimes ! And this was a King ! [ 4 ] In Newark Castle , where John died in 1216 . Lord Kames appears to take it for granted that all the men then in existence were engaged in this stupendous and impious attempt to scale Heaven , and “ make themselves a name . ” — This idea is not conveyed by the sacred historian ; it therefore appears probable that the tribes which continued together still spoke the original language , and remained in one place , and as one people . I fear I have trespassed on your limits , but the subject arose from the preceding remarks . I conclude with reiterating my request respecting the children found in the Dismal Swamp . [ Nat . Int . ARTIFICIAL STONE FLOORS and coverings for houses as made in some parts of Russia . The floors and coverings of houses in some parts of South Russia are made in the following manner :— For a floor let the ground be made even , and some stones of any shape be put on , and with a heavy wooden rammer force or break the stones into the ground , continuing to beat the floor until it becomes quite even , and incapable of receiving any further impression . Then run lime , immediately after it has been slacked , through a fine sieve as expeditiously as possible , because exposure to the air weakens the lime . Mix two parts of coarse sand or washed gravel , for there must be no earth in it , with one part of lime powder , and wet them with bullock 's blood ; so little moist however , as merely to prevent the lime blowing away in powder — in short , the less moist the better : spread it on the floor , and without a moment 's loss of time , let several men be ready with large beetles to beat the mixture , which will become more and more moist by the excessive beating requisite . Then put on it some of the dry sand and lime mixed , and beat it till like a stone . If required to be very fine , take for the next layer finely sifted lime , with about a tenth part of rye flour , and a little ox blood ; beat it with a trowel . The next day again smooth it with a trowel , and so continue to do daily till it be entirely dry . When it is quite dry and hard , rub it over with fresh ox blood , taking off all which it will not imbibe . No wet will penetrate this composition , which , however , after some time is often painted with oil colours . The whole floor appears as a single stone , and nothing will affect it .— The drier it is used the better , provided that with much beating it becomes like a very stiff mortar , and evidently forms a compact body . On flat tops of houses , the beetles or rammers ’ ends must be smaller , to prevent the rebounding of the boards and timber , which would crack the cement ; but , when the thickness of a foot is laid on , it will beat more firmly . A thick coating of ox blood , flour and lime , being beat in large , strong wooden troughs , or mortar , till it can be spread with a trowel , may be used without beating it again on the floor or house-top : but it must be very stiff , and used most expeditiously . Even frost will not affect it . With this composition , artificial stone may be made , rammed very hard into strong wooden frames of the required shape , particularly to turn arches for buildings of rammed earth . It is well known that earth which is not too argillaceous , with only the moisture it has when fresh dug , on being rammed between frames of wood till the rammer will no longer impress it , makes eternal walls ; but a mass as hard as stone may be made with a little lime added to sand , horse-dung , or ox blood . The more the lime is beaten , the moister it becomes , and it must contain so much moisture as to become by beating a solid mass , adhering in all its parts , and not remain crumbling , that will properly set as a mortar . If there be too little moisture at first , it will remain a powder ; if there be too much it will become a soft mortar . Lime is of no use mixed with clay or vegetable earths , which , if well beaten , are stronger without it . FROM A LATE ENGLISH PAPER . ATTACK BY BEES . Some days ago the following singular narrative appeared in the Berlin Gazette : it was furnished to that paper by M. Eulert , a merchant of that city , who was himself the party principally concerned :— “ I was travelling , ” says M. Eulert , “ on the 20th of July , at 7 o'clock in the morning , in my carriage , accompanied by my wife , on my way from Wirtemberg to Berlin , between Kroppstadt and the town of Schmogelsdorf , which is contiguous to the high road ; I observed one of my horses rub himself with uneasiness against the other . I remarked to my wife that the animal no doubt was stung by a horse-fly . Whilst we were talking upon the subject , we were suddenly surrounded by a swarm of bees , so thick , that our carriage horses , coachman , my wife , and myself , were completely covered . The furious insects attached themselves immediately to the nose , mouth , eyes and ears of each horse ; the two animals seemed to be deprived of every sense , and as if overcome with stupor , they lay down , and stretched themselves out an unresisting prey to the bees . “ As soon as we perceived this cloud of insects to lessen around us , my wife threw over her hat the hood of her night cloak , got out of the carriage , went back a little way on the road , and instinctively fled into the ditch , where she lay down with her face to the earth . I exerted myself in the meantime in endeavouring to get over this disaster ; I went also out of the carriage , and covering my face and neck with my handkerchief , I re-ascended the carriage , and with all my strength cried out for help .— Three peasants , a short distance off , had all the while calmly observed my situation ; but neither by the offer of reward , nor by the most urgent entreaty , could I prevail upon them to render us any assistance ; they turned their backs upon us , and pursued their way to the village . In this unhappy plight I walked on for half an hour , when I met the road-keeper , named Daniel Arndt , and a carrier , named David Henry , accompanied by some labourers , and driving a cart with three horses .— Still tormented by the bees , and pursued by them with inconceivable bitterness , I breathed at last , and was relieved by this rencontre , as these good people had lighted tobacco pipes , and the smoke dispersed my disagreeable guests . “ The carrier being informed of the danger , in order not to expose himself to it , would not stir one pace further ; and as the bees began to surround us on all sides , he unharnessed his team , left his cart laden with goods on the road , and took a by-way in order to place his horses under shelter in the village . Soon after the other people accompanied me to where my horses were , and they brought with them an abundance of hay and straw . There we found my unfortunate coachman stretched in the ditch , his head and hands all covered with bees , so that the road-keeper was obliged to use a brush to get them off his face ; his hair was matted with blood , and as the insects could not be extricated , they were crushed to death .— Whilst this operation was going on , we set fire to the straw , and succeeded in driving away the bees . “ As soon as the carrier had placed his horses in safety , he came back to us having fortified himself in every way against the bees , and showed himself anxious to give all the assistance in his power to my horses .— But one of them was so severely injured , that he died the same day . The other was conducted to Schmogelsdorf ; but though the veterinary surgeon exhausted all his skill , the animal perished in twenty-four hours after . “ My coachman had brought his misfortune on himself , because , in endeavouring to succour the horses , he had lost his hat . The bees fastened on his naked head , and deprived him of his senses , and for forty-eight hours he remained in a state of suffering that threatened to terminate in his death . We were supplied with horses , and had him conveyed to Treuenbrietzen , where he recovered . He had at first cried out so vehemently for assistance , that the bees got into his mouth and throat . I myself passed twenty-four hours in extreme pain at the same place , and was compelled to apply several poultices , to my head , neck , and ears , to appease the inflammation . “ My wife , who , as if by inspiration , threw herself down into the ditch , came out again perfectly safe — and in a few days after , the coachman and I were at length entirely recovered . “ I attribute this accident to two causes . In the first place , I now believe it was not a horse fly that stung the horse , as I at first supposed , but rather the queen bee , which must have been killed when the animal rubbed against his companion . I conjecture this to have been the case , from the natural history of these insects ; it is very common to see a swarm of bees , when deprived of their leading queen , unite with other swarms , and fall with a species of madness , upon the first objects they encounter . “ In the next place , I attribute the circumstance to the fact , that , contrary to express prohibition of the magistrates , the Commune of Schmogelsdorf , besides its proper number of 900 hives , takes in an equal number from the neighbouring communes to tend during the time of swarming , because the flowers , fields and gardens which it contains , present a singularly rich pasture for such insects . Hence it happens , that in a small space nearly two thousand hives are crowded together , so that in the season of swarming it is dangerous to pass that way . ZOOLOGY Of THE SPITZBERGEN WHALE . Extracted from Scoresby 's valuable work , “ Arctic Voyages , ” & c. just published . Erroneous opinions have been entertained respecting the Whale ( the Bal æ na Mysticetus ) having been of a much larger size in former times than now : from a comparison of the preceding accounts of all credible witnesses , the author says — “ Hence I conceive we may satisfactorily conclude , that whales of as large size are found now , as at any former period since the Spitzbergen fishery was discovered ; and I may also remark , that where any respectable authority affords actual measurements exceeding 70 feet , it will always be found that the specimen referred to , was not one of the Mysticetus kind , but of the B. Physalis , or the B. Musculus , animals which considerably exceed in length any of the common whales that I have either heard of , or met with . When fully grown , therefore , the length of the whale may be stated as varying from 50 to 65 , and rarely , if ever , reaching 70 feet ; and its greatest circumference from 30 to 40 feet . It is thickest a little behind the fins , or in the middle , between the anterior and posterior extremes of the animal ; from whence it gradually tapers in a conical form , towards the tail , and slightly towards the head . Its form is cylindrical from the neck , to within ten feet of the tail , beyond which it becomes somewhat quadrangular , the greatest ridge being upward , or on the back , and running backward nearly across the middle of the tail . The head has somewhat of a triangular shape . The under-part , the arched outline of which is given by the jaw-bones , is flat , and measures 16 to 20 feet in length , and 10 to 12 in breadth . The lips , extending 15 to 20 feet in length , and 5 or 6 in height , and forming the cavity of the mouth , are attached to the under-jaw , and rise from the jaw-bones , at an angle of about 80 degrees , having the appearance , when viewed in front , of the letter U . The upper jaw , including the ‘ crown-bone , ’ or skull , is bent down at the extremity , so as to shut the front and upper parts of the cavity of the mouth , and is overlapped by the lips in a squamous manner at the sides . When the mouth is open , it presents a cavity as large as a room , and capable of containing a merchant-ship 's jolly-boat , full of men , being 6 or 8 feet wide , 10 or 12 feet high ( in front ) , and 15 or 16 feet long . The fins , two in number , are placed between one-third and two-fifths of the length of the animal , from the snout , and about two feet behind the angle of the mouth . They are 7 to 9 feet in length , and 4 or 5 in breadth . The part by which they are attached to the body , is somewhat elliptical , and about 2 feet in diameter ; the side which strikes the water is nearly flat . The articulation being perfectly spherical , the fins are capable of motion in any direction ; but , from the tension of the flesh and skin below , they cannot be raised above the horizontal position . Hence the account given by some naturalists , that the whale supports its young by its fins , on its back , must be erroneous . The fins , after death , are always hard and stiff ; but , in the living animal , it is presumed , from the nature of the internal structure , that they are capable of considerable flexion . The whale has no dorsal fin . The tail , comprising , in a single surface , 80 or 100 square feet , is a formidable instrument of motion and defence . Its length is only 5 or 6 feet ; but its width is 18 to 24 or 26 feet . Its position is horizontal . In its form it is flat and semi-lunar ; indented in the middle ; the two lobes somewhat pointed , and turned a little backward . Its motions are rapid and universal ; its strength immense . The eyes are situated in the sides of the head , about a foot obliquely above and behind the angle of the mouth . They are remarkably small in proportion to the bulk of the animal 's body , being little larger than those of an ox . The whale has no external ear ; not can any orifice for the admission of sound be discovered until the skin is removed . On the most elevated part of the head , about 16 feet from the anterior extremity of the jaw , are situated the blow-holes , or spiracles ; consisting of two longitudinal apertures 6 or eight inches in length . These are the proper nostrils of the whale . A moist vapour , mixed with mucus , is discharged from them , when the animal breathes ; but no water accompanies it , unless an expiration of the breath be made under the surface . The mouth , in place of teeth , contains two extensive rows of “ fins , ” or whalebone , which are suspended from the sides of the crown-bone . These series of fins are generally curved longitudinally , although they are sometimes straight , and give an arched form to the roof of the mouth .— They are covered immediately by the lips attached to the lower jaw , and enclose the tongue between their lower extremities . Each series or “ side of bone , ” as the whalefishers term it , consists of upwards of 300 lamin æ; the longest are near the middle , from whence they gradually diminish away to nothing at each extremity . Fifteen feet is the greatest length of the whalebone ; but 10 or 11 feet is the average size , and 13 feet is a magnitude seldom met with . The greatest breadth , which is at the gum , is 10 or 12 inches . The lamin æ, composing the two series of bone , are ranged side by side , two thirds of an inch apart , ( thickness of the blade included ,) and resemble a frame of saws , in a saw-mill . The interior edges are covered with a fringe of hair , and the exterior edge of every blade , excepting a few at each extremity of the series , is curved and flattened down , so as to present a smooth surface to the lips . In some whales , a curious hollow on one side , and ridge on the other , occurs in many of the central blades of whalebone , at regular intervals of 6 or 7 inches .— May not this irregularity , like the rings in the horns of the ox , which they resemble , afford an intimation of the age of the whale ? If so , twice the number of running feet in the longest lamin æ of whalebone in the head of a whale not full grown , would represent its age in years . In the youngest whales , called suckers , the whalebone is only a few inches long ; when the length reaches 6 feet or upwards , the whale is said to be size . The colour of the whalebone is brownish-black , or bluish-black . In some animals , it is striped longitudinally with white . When newly cleaned , the surface exhibits a fine play of colour . A large whale sometimes affords a ton and a half of whalebone . If the “ sample blade , ” that is , the largest lamina in the series , weigh 7 pounds , the whole produce may be estimated at a ton ; and so on in proportion . The whalebone is inserted into the crown-bone , in a sort of rabbet . All the blades in the same series are connected together by the gum , in which the thick ends are inserted . This substance , ( the gum ,) is white , fibrous , tender , and tasteless . It cuts like cheese . It has the appearance of the interior or kernel of the cocoa-nut . The tongue occupies a large proportion of the cavity of the mouth , and the arch formed by the whalebone . It is incapable of protrusion , being fixed from root to tip , to the fat extending between the jaw-bones .— A slight beard , consisting of a short scattered white hair , surmounts the anterior extremity of both jaws . The throat is remarkably strait . Two paps in the female , afford the means of rearing its young . The milk of the whale resembles that of quadrupeds in its appearance . It is said to be rich and well-flavoured . Immediately beneath the skin lies the blubber or fat , encompassing the whole body of the animal , together with the fins and tail . Its colour is yellowish-white , yellow , or red . In the very young animal it is always yellowish-white . In some old animals , it resembles in colour the substance of the salmon . It swims in water . Its thickness all round the body , is 8 or 10 to 20 inches , varying in different parts as well as in different individuals . The lips are composed almost entirely of blubber , and yield from one to two tons of pure oil each . The tongue is chiefly composed of a soft kind of fat , that affords less oil than any other blubber ; in the centre of the tongue , and towards the root , this fat is intermixed with fibres of a muscular substance . The under jaw , excepting the two jaw-bones , consists almost wholly of fat ; and the crown-bone possesses a considerable coating of it . The fins are principally blubber , tendons , and bones ; and the tail possesses a thin stratum of blubber . The oil appears to be retained in the blubber in minute cells , connected together by a strong reticulated combination of tendinous fibres . The blubber , in its fresh state , is without any unpleasant smell ; and it is not until after the termination of the voyage , when the cargo is unstowed , that a Greenland ship becomes disagreeable . Four tons of blubber by measure , generally afford three tons of oil ; but the blubber of a sucker contains a very small proportion . Whales have been caught that afforded nearly thirty tons of pure oil ; and whales yielding twenty tons of oil , are by no means uncommon . The quantity of oil yielded by a whale , generally bears a certain proportion to the length of its longest blade of whalebone . A stout whale of sixty feet in length , is of the enormous weight of seventy tons ; the blubber weighs about thirty tons , the bones of the head , whalebone , fins and tail , eight or ten ; carcase thirty or thirty-two . The flesh of the young whale is of a red colour ; and when cleared of fat , broiled , and seasoned with pepper and salt , does not eat unlike coarse beef ; that of the old whale approaches to black , and is exceedingly coarse .— An immense bed of muscles surrounding the body , is appropriated chiefly to the movements of the tail . The number of ribs , according to Sir Charles Gieseck é, is thirteen on each side . The bones of the fins are analogous , both in proportion and number , to those of the fingers of the human hand . From this peculiarity of structure , the fins have been denominated by Dr. Flemming , “ swimming paws . ” The posterior extremity of the whale , however , is a real tail ; the termination of the spine or coccygis , running through the middle of it almost to the edge . The whale seems dull of hearing . A noise in the air , such as that produced by a person shouting , is not noticed by it , though at the distance only of a ship 's length ; but a very slight splashing in the water , in calm weather , excites its attention , and alarms it . Its sense of seeing is acute . Whales are observed to discover one another , in clear water , when under the surface , at an amazing distance . When at the surface , however , they do not see far . They have no voice ; but in breathing or blowing , they make a very loud noise . The vapour they discharge , is ejected to the height of some yards , and appears at a distance , like a puff of smoke . When the animals are wounded , it is often stained with blood ; and , on the approach of death , jets of blood are sometimes discharged alone . They blow strongest , densest , and loudest , when , “ running , ” when in a state of alarm , or when they first appear at the surface , after being a long time down . They respire or blow about four or five times a-minute . The usual rate at which whales swim , even when they are on their passage from one situation to another , seldom exceeds four miles an hour ; and though when urged by the sight of any enemy , or alarmed by the stroke of a harpoon , their extreme velocity may be at the rate of eight or nine miles an hour : yet we find this speed never continues longer than for a few minutes , before it relaxes almost to one-half . Hence , for the space of a few minutes , they are capable of darting through the water , with the velocity almost of the fastest ship under sail , and of ascending with such rapidity as to leap entirely out of the water . This feat they sometimes perform as an amusement apparently , to the high admiration of the distant spectator ; but to the no small terror of the unexperienced fishers who , even under such circumstances , are often ordered , by the foolhardy harpooner , to “ pull away ” to the attack . Sometimes the whales throw themselves into a perpendicular posture , with their heads downward , and , rearing their tails on high in the air , beat the water with awful violence .— In both these cases , the sea is thrown into foam , and the air filled with vapours ; the noise , in calm weather , is heard to a great distance ; and the concentric waves produced by the concussions on the water , are communicated abroad to a considerable extent . Sometimes the whale shakes its tremendous tail in the air , which , cracking like a whip , resounds to the distance of two or three miles . When it retires from the surface , it first lifts its head , then plunging it under water , elevates its back like the segment of a sphere , deliberately rounds it away towards the extremity , throws its tail out of the water , and then disappears . In their usual conduct , whales remain at the surface to breathe , about two minutes , seldom longer ; during which time , they “ blow ” eight or nine times , and then descend for an interval usually of five or ten minutes ; but sometimes , when feeding , fifteen or twenty . The depth to which they commonly descend , is not known , though from the “ eddy ” occasionally observed on the water , it is evidently , at times , only trifling . But , when struck , the quantity of line they sometimes take out of the boats , in a perpendicular descent , affords a good measure of the depth . By this rule , they have been known to descend to the depth of an English mile ; and with such velocity , that instances have occurred , in which whales have been drawn up by the line attached , from a depth of 700 or 800 fathoms , and have been found to have broken their jaw-bones , and sometimes crown-bone , by the blow struck against the bottom . Some persons are of opinion , that whales can remain under a field of ice , or at the bottom of the sea , in shallow water , when undisturbed , for many hours at a time .— Whales are seldom found sleeping : yet , in calm weather , among ice , instances occasionally occur . The food of the whale consists of various species of actini æ, cliones , sepi æ, medus æ, cancri , and helices ; or at least some of these genera are always to be seen whenever any tribe of whales is found stationary and feeding . In the dead animals , however , in the very few instances in which I have been enabled to open their stomachs , squill æ or shrimps were the only substances discovered . In the mouth of a whale just killed , I once found a quantity of the same kind of insect . When the whale feeds , it swims with considerable velocity below the surface of the sea , with its jaws widely extended . A stream of water consequently enters its capacious mouth , and along with it , large quantities of water insects ; the water escapes again at the sides ; but the food is entangled and sifted as it were , by the whalebone , which , from its compact arrangement , and the thick internal covering of hair , does not allow a particle the size of the smallest grain to escape . SIR JOSEPH BANKS . On Monday morning , June 19 , 1820 , at 8 o'clock , died , at his house , Spring Grove , near Hounslow , the venerable President of the Royal Society , the Right Hon . Sir Joseph Banks , G. C. B . & c. & c. & c. The loss to science by the demise of this excellent man and liberal patron will be long and severely felt . It will be recollected , that when it was determined to send Captain Cook on his first voyage round the globe , Sir Joseph Banks , then a young man , whose ardent mind glowed with a love of science and of ingenious enterprise , determined to accompany him . His liberal spirit and generous curiosity were regarded with admiration , and every convenience from the government was readily supplied to render the circumstances of the voyage as comfortable as possible . Far , however , from soliciting any accommodation that might occasion expense to government , Mr. Banks was ready to contribute largely out of his own private fortune towards the general purposes of the expedition . He engaged as his director in natural history during the voyage , and as the companion of his researches , Dr. Solander , of the British museum , a Swede by birth , and one of the most eminent pupils of Linn æ us , whose scientific merits had been his chief recommendation to patronage in England . He also took with him two draughtsmen , one to delineate views and figures , the other to paint subjects of natural history . A secretary and four servants formed the rest of his suite . He took care to provide likewise the necessary instruments for his intended observations , with convenience for preserving such specimens as he might collect of natural or artificial objects , and with stores to be distributed in the remote isles he was going to visit , for the improvement of the condition of savage life . In the course of the voyage dangers were encountered of no ordinary magnitude . On the coast of Terra del Fuego in an excursion to view the natural productions of the country , Sir Joseph Banks and Dr. Solander had nearly perished in a storm of snow . After passing a night on land , amid the storm , they at last , and with much difficulty , made their way back to the beach , and were received on board the ship ; but three of the persons who accompanied them were lost . Shortly after his return from this voyage , Sir Joseph , in company with his friend Dr. Solander , visited Iceland . A rich harvest of new knowledge and of specimens compensated for the toils and expense of this scientific adventure . They afterwards visited the Western Islands of Scotland : and among other things worthy of notice , they discovered the columna stratification of the rocks surrounding the caves of Staffa ; a phenomenon till then unobserved by naturalists , but was no sooner made known in a description by Sir J . Banks , than it became famous among men of science throughout Europe . In 1777 , when Sir John Pringle retired from the presidency of the Royal Society , Sir Joseph Banks was elected to fill the vacant chair ; and never perhaps has it been filled with more honour to the individual , or more advantage to the interests of science . His time , his wealth , ( which was a princely fortune ,) his influence , his talents , an incomparable library of science and art ; knowledge and judgment to advise ; affability to conciliate and encourage ; generosity to assist ; all in short of which he possessed , and it was all something either of goodness or greatness , he made the patrimony of the studious and learned , not of his own country alone , but of the whole world . CURIOUS FACTS IN NATURAL HISTORY . The examination of flowers by the microscope opens a new field of wonder to the inquiring naturalist ; by which we are enabled to perceive that the minutest works of Nature are adorned with the most consummate elegance and beauty . As one proof , from innumerable others that might be selected , I beg to subjoin Sir John Hill 's interesting account of what appeared on examining a carnation ;— first published in the Inspector , No . 109 . “ The principal flower in this bouquet , was a carnation ; the fragrance of this led me to enjoy it frequently and nearly : the sense of smelling was not the only one affected on these occasions ; while that was satiated with the powerful sweet , the ear was constantly attacked by an extremely soft but agreeable murmuring sound . It was easy to know that some animal , within the covert , must be the musician , and that the little noise must come from some little body suited to produce it . I instantly distended the lower part of the flower , and , placing it in a full light , could discover troops of little insects frisking and capering with wild jollity among the narrow pedestals that supported its leaves , and the little threads that occupied its centre ! I was not cruel enough to pull out any one of them for examination : but adapting a microscope to take in at one view , the whole base of the flower , I gave myself an opportunity of contemplating what they were about , and this for many days together without giving them the least disturbance .— Thus could I discover their economy , their passions and their enjoyments . The microscope , on this occasion , had given what nature seemed to have denied to the objects of contemplation . The base of the flower extended itself under its influence to a vast plain ; the slender stems of the leaves became trunks of so many stately cedars ; the threads in the middle seemed columns of massy structure , supporting at the top their several ornaments ; and the narrow spaces between were enlarged into walls , paterres , and terraces . On the polished bottom of these , brighter than Parian marble , walked in pairs , alone , or in larger companies , the winged inhabitants : these from little dusky flies ( for such only the naked eye would have shown them ,) were raised to glorious glittering animals , stained with living purple , and with a glossy gold that would have made all the labours of the loom contemptible in the comparison . I could , at leisure as they walked together , admire their elegant limbs , their velvet shoulders , and their silken wings ; their backs vieing with the empyrean in its blue ; and their eyes , each formed of a thousand others , out-glittering the little planes on a brilliant ; above description , and too great almost for admiration . Here were the perfumed groves , the more than myrtle shades , of the poet 's fancy , realized ; here the little animals spent their days in joyful dalliance ; or in the triumph of their little hearts , skipped after one another from stem to stem among the painted trees ; or winged their short flight to the close shadow of some broader leaf , to revel undisturbed in the heights of all felicity . ” ABSENCE OF MIND . Among a number of instances of the celebrated Dr. Moncey 's absence of mind , is one which he frequently mentioned , and laughed at heartily , when in good humour , at the same time observing that his brother was as bad as himself . The doctor being once on a visit to his brother , in Norfolk , in the beginning of winter , and intending to set off for London the next day , his brother proposed to go and shoot wild ducks early in the morning , that he might carry two or three couple fresh killed to London with him . The servant was ordered to clean the long fowling piece , get plenty of powder and shot , and to goose-grease their boots . Every thing being in readiness according to their desire , about an hour before day-light the doctor and his brother set off for the place where the ducks resort , in order to be there by the break of day , when they generally take wing to go to feed . They had walked nearly three miles , and it having rained in the night , the clay mud wall was very dirty and greasy , when they heard the cry of the ducks . They were now obliged to get over the wall and the gate , across a sluice into the marsh where the ducks were . The rain had raised the water about a foot . It was then proposed that one should go over , and the other remain behind . Says the doctor , “ George , do you go over , for I have forgotten my boots . ” “ So have I doctor , ” says his brother ; “ but we wont lose our sport , as we have come so far . ” So both waded through , and got over the gate into the marsh , and advancing along the fleet , they at length perceived the ducks . “ You are near enough , George , ” said the doctor .— “ Aye , ” replied George , “ I think we are not above a hundred yards off . ” “ Why then fire , ” says the doctor .— “ Do you fire , ” returned George . “ Why I hav'nt got the gun ; do you fire . ” “ I fire ! why I have not got the gun , ” said his brother , “ I thought you had it . What a fine opportunity is lost . Here are not less than thirty ducks within shot , and neither of us have got the gun . ” LIFE-PRESERVER . The following simple method of rescuing drowning persons from a watery grave , is contained in a long article on that subject , in a late Liverpool paper , and is deserving of attention . The writer says : If any one estimate inventions in the inverse ratio of their simplicity , they will smile to hear that the life-preserver which I have so highly extolled , is no more than a hat and pocket handerchief ; [ 5 ] so that every man has , at all times , about his person an apparatus which may be the means of saving the life of his fellow creature . [ 5 ] A large silk handkerchief is the best for the occasion . With these simple means any man who can swim may safely venture into the water , with the certainty of rescuing a drowning person . All the preparation , which need not occupy ten seconds , is this : Spread the handkerchief out on the ground , and place the hat upon it in the centre , with the crown upwards , in the ordinary position of wearing ; then gather up the four corners of the handerchief over the crown of the hat , giving it a few twists for the greater convenience of grasping with the hand . The hat must then be inverted , ( the crown downwards .) In this position , it is confidently asserted , any person may safely enter the water , as the cavity of the hat contains , a much greater quantity of air than is requisite to sustain any man . I found that the hat with which I tried the experiment , would almost support me and another person clinging to me , neither of us making the least effort to float by any motion of the hands and feet . The mode I should adopt , however , in using the life-preserver , would be to give up the handkerchief to the person whose life was in danger , and immediately to disengage myself from him . He would soon discover that he was buoyed up , and would recover his presence of mind ; but , whether he did or not , it would be of little consequence , as long as he retained his grasp of the handkerchief . Whilst he was thus supported , nothing could be more easy than to push him to the shore with one hand , swimming with the other . JOHN O'GROAT ' S HOUSE . The place so denominated is still a land-mark , although the house has long fallen to decay ; so totally so that not a vestige remains ; but the scite is an object of curiosity to travellers , for the singularity of the building , which tradition has preserved the form of , and the motive for its erection . In the reign of James the VIth of Scotland , ( James the Ist of England ,) two brothers , named Malcomb Gavin , and John O'Groat , arrived in Caithness from Holland , and it is said brought letters from the King . They purchased or possessed themselves of the lands of Warse and Duningsbay , lying near the Portland Hills . They increased in course of time to eight families : here they lived peaceably and comfortably for many years , and held an annual feast to commemorate the landing of their ancestors . Could it be supposed that any petty distinctions should have a tendency to interrupt the family harmony ? but so it was . Each head of the families contended for the seniority and chieftainship of the clan . The ingenuity of one ( a John O'Groat ) settled the dispute for precedency , which arose upon the importance of sitting at the head of the table , and the right of entering first in at the door ! John occupied a ferry , and his daily intercourse with strangers had enlarged his ideas : he expostulated with his clan on the folly of their pretensions , and represented , that quarrels amongst themselves would render them obnoxious to the people where they had settled . John 's reasoning prevailed , and they agreed to be guided by him : in due time he fulfilled his plan to reconcile their discordant ideas . He built a very large room in an octagon form , with eight doors and eight windows in it ; in this room he placed a massy oak table with eight sides . At the next anniversary meeting , he requested each head of the families to enter at the door most convenient to their dwelling at the same moment ; he then took the unoccupied seat . The scite , as has been observed , is still celebrated , and will be so , whilst good intentions , and a plain useful understanding , are considered estimable qualities . Fully to appreciate this , we should recollect the deadly feuds which frequently arose in Scotland in former days , even on less grounds than precedency . HARTFORD FAIR . From the Connecticut Mirror . To the Executive Committee of the Hartford County Agricultural Society . The Committee appointed to examine Domestic Manufactures , and award premiums to those who in their opinion are entitled to them , respectfully report : That notwithstanding the unpleasant weather , the articles they were called to inspect were greater in number , and in general much superior in quality to those exhibited last year . There were some woollen cloths of a finer texture and finish , than that which obtained the premium , but a part of them were not of the requisite width , and others were dyed in the piece , while your committee felt it their duty to give the preference to cloth dyed in the wool . A piece inferior to the premium cloth sold for $ 2. 50 per yard . It was with much satisfaction that our committee remarked the improvement in the manufacture of Carpeting ; last year but one piece offered for their inspection was filled with wool , while this year most of those exhibited were of that description . They were also gratified to learn that the premium carpets were all spun and dyed in the family . The committee are of opinion that scarcely any thing submitted to their examination denotes so rapid an improvement in taste and domestic industry , as the hearth rugs — those which were this year exhibited displayed an elegance both in their design and execution , which in articles of that kind is rarely met with . Many of the flannels were of a quality much superior to those exhibited last year . A large part of them sold at from eighty cents to one dollar ; and the premium flannel brought $ 1. 25 by the piece . The premium blankets excited universal attention , and were equally admired for their beauty and for their more substantial qualities . We have never seen any superior to them imported from England ; they measured nearly twelve quarters , and sold for $ 14. 25 . The quantity of hosiery was much greater than at our former exhibition — many pairs of stockings sold at from 80 cents to $ 1. 50 . Premiums were awarded to two very fine elegant finished grass bonnets , made by the Miss Woodhouses of Weathersfield , and which are rarely surpassed in beauty by the most costly Leghorns . One very little inferior was also exhibited , made by Miss Hanmer of the same place . They were made of the Poa Pratensis or spear grass , and those which received the premiums sold one for 27 dollars , the other 30 dollars . Another of a quality almost equal to those just mentioned was made by a young lady of Windsor , of the sweet-scented vernal grass , and one of split straw by Miss Capen of Hartford , was remarkable for its extraordinary delicacy of texture . The linen diapers were equal to any of English fabric , and the linen shirting which obtained the premium sold for 4s . 6d . per yard . The committee would suggest to such as may hereafter be candidates for the premium on linen goods , the necessity of bleaching them , since after that process , their comparative merits can be more fairly ascertained . The butter and cheese were excellent — the former sold for 16 cents , and a large quantity of the latter for 10 cents per pound . Many articles were also exhibited for which no premiums were offered , yet which attracted the particular attention of the committee and the numerous spectators . Among these were some highly finished treble-gilt buttons , from the manufactory of Mr. Moses Cook . The carpeting ingeniously manufactured from bul-rushes and woollen yarn ; white silk hose , white linen hose , white and coloured counterpanes ; a vandyke remarkable for its softness and beauty , made from the silk that covers the seed of the milk-weed ; an excellent imitation of the Scotch plaid ; and some elegant paper-hangings from the manufactory of Mr. George Putnam . While the committee could not but regret that the state of our funds precluded the offering premiums for such meritorious articles , yet they were highly gratified to perceive that it is not the hope of gain alone which produces such a splendid collection of domestic manufactures , but that there exists among all classes of the community a patriotic wish to give interest to our exhibition . Your committee cannot close their report , without congratulating you , gentlemen , and the public at large , on the brilliant prospects of our infant society . The general superiority of the articles we this year inspected , to those offered at our former exhibition , together with that lively interest they excited in the candidates for premiums , and the thousands of spectators who assembled to witness the productions of their industry , clearly evince that domestic manufactures are rapidly gaining that importance in public estimation which they so richly deserve . All which is respectfully submitted . GEO . COWLES , Chairman . ANECDOTE . Catherine Shaw , daughter of John Shaw , of Bargarron , having acquired a remarkable degree of dexterity in spinning fine flax , conceived the idea of manufacturing it into thread . Her first attempts were necessarily on a small scale ; she executed every part herself , and bleached her materials on a large slate , placed in a window . Succeeding , in her first essays , she engaged her family in the process , and Lady Blentyre carried a parcel of the thread to Bath , where she advantageously disposed of it to the lace manufacturers there . This was the first thread that crossed the Tweed . Subsequently a connection of the family went to Holland , and brought from thence the secret of the twisting and twining machines in use there , then carefully kept from public observation ; also the art of numbering the threads , and packing them for distant sale . The young women of the neighbourhood engaged in it also , and it became an object of profit and interest to the place . What , it will be asked , became of the ingenious young woman who turned her talents to so great private advantage , and eventually to such public utility . [ 6 ] Surely she lived honoured , and died beloved . No ! she was one of the last victims to the imputed crime of witchcraft in the south of Scotland ! Amongst many others , she was accused of having evil agency with spirits , and is described , in the records of those unhappy times , as “ young , handsome , and well-informed . ” Can it be possible that the superior activity of her mind , and the industrious efforts of her hands , could have involved her in the disgraceful and frantic measures , which terminated in herself and five others being burned for witches in 1626 ? This unfortunate female was urged by her friends to put in a plea to delay her execution — she replied , with the dignity of a Roman matron . “ No ; my honour is already destroyed , and my life is not worth defending ! ” [ 6 ] A Mr. Pollock , of Paisley , ( where this unfortunate suffered death ,) availed himself of the information of assistants in the business , and established a thread manufactory at that place , which is yet carried on to great extent . MISCELLANY . Scissors .— A very valuable improvement has been made on Scissors . It is especially so to those employed for delicate operations in surgery . The objection to the common scissors is , that , in the act of cutting , they , to a very considerable extent , compress and bruise the parts . This is owing to the edges being set very strong , and to the particular angle at which they are set , and is sufficient to account for wounds made by scissors refusing to unite by what surgeons call the first intention . To remedy this defect , it was lately suggested to Mr. Stodart , by Dr. Wollastan , to give to scissors the same kind of cutting edge that a knife has . This has been done , and the success has fully justified the experiment . The operation of hair lip has been repeatedly performed with the knife-edged scissors , both on the infant and on the adult , with complete success . The operation is in this way performed with facility to the operator , and in less time than with the knife , and consequently a less degree of pain to the patient . This improvement need not be confined to the science of surgery . A variety of delicate fancy work is performed by scissors , all of which will be much better done by giving them knife-edges . There is a little art in setting the edges , readily acquired by practice ; this must be done with a view to the kind of work for which the scissors are intended . This improvement may easily be applied to common scissors , by grinding down the outer sides of the blades . [ Lon . pap . Public Spirit .— It has been my practice for several weeks past , to walk upon one of our turnpike roads , and , for about two weeks , I noticed a very large stone , lying in what is called the “ summer road , ” which I wished to remove , but my strength was not sufficient to do it . It remained there as permanent , to the great annoyance of all who passed that way in carriages . But one day as I was passing it , I saw a stout negro fellow , whose cart was beyond it as to the course which he was going , tugging at it , and he finally succeeded in putting it out of the way , saying to himself loud enough to be heard by me , as he laid it down , “ now you can n't upset any body ! ” Pleased with the incident , I asked the man if he often travelled that road . “ No , sir , ” said he . “ Why , then , did you take so much trouble to remove that large stone ? ” “ Because , sir , ” returned he , “ it might have upset some one in the night ! ” I then left him , reflecting that if all our politicians had a full portion of the same public spirit , and all our self-righteous persons as much of a desire to do good to their fellow men as this poor negro exhibited — we should have a very different time of it ! [ Niles 's Reg . Winter Butter .— An idea prevails very extensively , that good butter cannot be made in the winter . This is a great mistake . Where the process is well understood , as fine butter is made in the depths of winter , as at any season of the year . By pursuing the following course , the matter will be accomplished :— Let the cows be kept under cover in a warm stable , well fed with the best hay and provender , and milked regularly morning and evening .— Place the milk in pans , in as cold a place as may be found about the dairy house — the sooner it freezes the better . As soon as it is frozen thoroughly , take the cream from the top — the frost will force the cream to the surface — and churn it with no other warmth than the air of the kitchen at the distance of eight or ten feet from the fire-place . It requires more time to fetch the butter than in summer ; but when brought it will be of the finest flavour and quality . The Diamond .— Dr . Brewster has discovered a curious phenomenon , which appears to elucidate the nature of this substance . Sir Isaac Newton observed , from a comparison of the refractive powers of various bodies , that amber and the diamond had a refractive power three times greater , in respect of their densities , than several other substances , and he conjectured that the diamond was “ probably an unctuous substance coagulated . ” Subsequent discoveries of the properties of sulphur and phosphorous have corroborated this opinion . Dr. Brewster has observed , both in flat diamonds and those of a perfect crystalline form ( as well as in amber ,) the existence of globules , or small portions of air , the expansive force of which has communicated a polarizing structure to the parts in immediate contact with it . This structure is displayed by four sectors of polarizing light encircling the globule of air , and can be produced artificially in glass and gelatinous masses . It must have been produced by the expansive force of the included air , when the substance was so soft as to be susceptible of comparison from so small a force . Hence we are led to the conclusion that the diamond originates , like amber , from the consolidation of perhaps vegetable matter , gradually acquiring a crystalline form , by the influence of time , and the slow action of corpsular forces . White Hills .— The White Hills in New Hampshire , are the highest in the United States , being between 7 and 8000 feet above the level of the ocean . The ascent is both difficult and dangerous , as the sides of the mountains consist of naked , rugged , and precipitous rocks over which the traveller is obliged to climb his slow and toilsome way . The last of July and the first of August is the only time at which they can be ascended at all , as they are the rest of the year covered with snow . Sizing .— A French chemist has recently discovered , that from the starch of potatoes quite fresh , and washed but once , a fine size , by mixing with chalk , might be made . The stucco plasterers of this country have been benefited by the discovery , and they find that this kind of size is particularly useful for ceilings and for white-washing , being more durable in tenacity and whiteness , and not putrifying like animal size or exhaling any unwholesome odour . Arabian Horses .— Three fine Arabian horses have arrived at Boston from Tripoli . They are owned by R. B. Jones , Esq . late American Consul at that place , and a Mr. Morgan . Transplanting Wheat .— In the month of August , 1795 , a gentleman of Herefordshire , in England , set a single grain of wheat . As soon as it had properly taken root , he dug it up , divided it into several parts , and transplanted them . In August 1796 , it was reaped , when it produced 137 ears ; the average of which was 80 grains in the ear ; the total produce 10 , 960 grains of wheat , besides the straw , most of which was seven feet high . Fall of a Glacier .— On the 27th of December , at six o'clock in the morning , an enormous portion of the glacier of Weisshorn , in the valley of St. Nicholas , or Vispach , fell from its exalted situation into the valley , causing dreadful devastation amongst the cultivated grounds and habitations . At the moment when the ice and snow struck the masses lying beneath , the minister of the place , and many other persons , observed a strong light , which immediately disappeared , and gave place to utter darkness . This phenomenon , from the brightness of the light , and the number of persons who saw it , can scarcely be considered as illusory . It was probably an electrical or phosphorescent effect . The mass of ice and snow covered a space of 2400 feet in length , 1000 feet wide , and at a mean 150 feet in height , and the displacement of the air by it was such as to cause a hurricane , which destroyed houses , mills , and buildings , even to the distance of a quarter of a league from the place of the fall . Extreme fears are entertained for the remains of the village of Ronds , which stands opposite the glacier , for the upper part of the glacier , left unsupported by the part which has given way , threatens to fall and complete the distress which has been brought upon the inhabitants of the valley . Evolution of Heat by freezing .— M . de la Becha has devised an ingenious way of shewing the heat evolved by water during congelation . He places a glass vessel , containing in its lower part water , and upon that olive oil , in a temperature below the freezing point of water . In this temperature olive oil alone would freeze and thicken , but , being placed over water , it is retained in the fluid state , in consequence of the heat evolved by the water during its conversion into ice ; and it is not until the whole of the water is perfectly frozen that the oil itself will freeze .— Bibliotheque Universelle , xiii . 76 . Printing in Otaheite .— M . Turgenieff , Counsellor of State , has made a report to the Bible Society of Petersburg , in which it is stated that the English missionaries , have established a press at Otaheite , at which 3000 bibles have been printed . They were all sold in the space of three days , for three gallons of cocoa-nut oil each . The books of Moses , translated into the Otaheitean language , have been printed at the same press ; also a catechism for the use of the inhabitants . These have been distributed gratuitously . Animal Magnetism .— The Royal Academy of Sciences at Berlin have proposed animal magnetism as a prize subject , essays on which are to be rewarded in August 1820 . It is desired that the phenomena , known by the name of animal magnetism , be described so as to admit of a positive judgment respecting their nature : and it is observed that , though there are many difficulties attached to the subject , still it appears that the number of facts ascertained is such as to admit the hope that , in the present state of the physical sciences , some light may be thrown on animal magnetism , when the probability of these facts has been estimated , and when their analogy with the better understood phenomena of natural sleep , dreams , somnambulism not magnetic , and many nervous affections , has been established . Milk .— Professor Schubler has published in the Dictionary of Medical Sciences , a paper entitled , “ Researches on Milk and its constituent Principles . ” The results of his analysis differ greatly from those lately published by Berzelius ; and hence , in the author 's opinion , prove the great influence of food and climate on the lacteal secretion . 1000 parts of new milk contain 110 of fresh cheese , 50 of fresh serai , 24 of butter , 77 of coarse sugar of milk , and 739 water ; or , in a dry state , 42. 6 cheese , 7. 87 serai , 24. 0 butter , 77. 0 sugar of milk , and 848. 53 water . 1000 parts of skimmed milk contain 43. 64 dry cheese , 8. 06 dry serai , 78. 94 sugar of milk , and 869. 34 water . 1000 parts of cream contain 240 butter , 33 cheese , 6 serai , and 721 whey . Lastly , 721 parts of whey contain 60 coarse sugar of milk .— These observations were made at Howfyl , which is some distance from the mountains , and where the cows are kept constantly in the stable , so that the milk must be nearly the same as in other flat countries . Respiration and Circulation of the Blood .— Dr . Carson has lately made some important experiments on the elasticity of the lungs in different animals , and he has found by the application of a simple apparatus that in oxen , and animals of their size , it is more than equal in power to the weight of a column of water a foot and a half high . In calves , sheep , and large dogs , it is balanced by a column of water varying in height from one foot to a foot and a half ; and in rabbits and cats by a column of water varying from six to ten inches . To this elasticity of the lungs alternating with the irritability of the diaphragm , Dr. C. ascribes respiration , or the faculty of breathing ; the capacity of the chest being by their means successively enlarged and diminished , and thus air alternately expelled and inhaled . He thinks also with great probability that the movements of the heart and the circulation of the blood are powerfully influenced by the same resilisency . Beccaria .— This philosopher of humanity having , in one of the editions of his admirable work on crimes and punishments , in that part which relates to fraudulent bankruptcy , qualified some sentiments which he had originally expressed , but which , on reflection , appeared to himself too severe , he adds in a note , “ I am ashamed of what I formerly wrote on this subject . I have been accused of irreligion , without deserving it ; I have been accused of disaffection to the government , and deserved it as little ; I was guilty of a real attack upon the rights of humanity , and I have been reproached by nobody . ” Generosity .— It is an error to imagine that men in the lowest rank of life are unsusceptible of heroic and generous sentiments . All who are susceptible of enthusiasm are capable of being actuated by them . It is the minions of fortune , those who have been pampered from their infancy , by the hands of luxury , and early accustomed to every kind of profusion , whose minds sink into torpor for want of exertion ; it is such as those that are more likely to be unsusceptible of generous sentiments . Academy of Natural Sciences .— The Academy of Natural Sciences in this city has received from the president , Mr. William Maclure , now in France , a donation of books , amounting in value to about $ 4000 , and have received advice of another valuable shipment from the same munificent hand . Method of preserving Vessels .— An American ship now at Cowes , built with spruce and white oak , sixteen years ago , has all her original timbers and planks in the most perfect state of preservation and soundness , owing to her having been , while on the stocks , filled up between the timbers with salt ; and whenever she has been opened for examination filled up again . General Post-Office .— The number of post-offices in the United States is four thousand eight hundred and thirty , and the length of post-roads is 71 , 522 miles . The amount of postage for the year 1819 , was $ 1 , 204 , 680 ; the cost of transportation of the mail $ 717 , 843 ; and the compensation to postmasters $ 375 , 964 . Bibliomania .— At no time during the highest age of Bibliomanianism did books of rarity bear higher prices than at the concluding sale of Mr. Bindley 's library . The competition for old poetical tracts and ballads was unexampled . L. s. d. No . 1125 Collection of Poetical Ballads from 1540 to 1670 . 192 0 0 1126 Do . from 1670 to 1680 , 133 15 0 1127 Do . from 1679 to 1685 , 174 6 0 1128 Do . 5 vols . 231 0 0 1130 Do . 43 1 0 The three first collections of ballads , and of halfpenny and penny songs , were bought by the Marquis of Buckingham . The five volumes of the same kind by Mr. Heber . [ Lon . pap . Precious Stones .— A diamond said to be worth 20 , 000l . and one of the largest in the world , was among the spoils of the Peishwa , and is now in the East India Company 's treasury , to be sold for the benefit of the captors . It was brought to England by the ship York . A block of amethyst , or rather a mass of amethysts , has been sent from Brazil to Calcutta . This extraordinary specimen is four feet in circumference , and weighs 98 pounds . It is in its rough state , and consists of more than 50 irregular columns , smooth , transparent , purple and white , shooting up like crystals from a common matrix . Nautical Improvement .— We congratulate the public on the application of a simple mechanical apparatus to impel boats , instead of oars . It consists of the machinery of steam-vessels , but the moving power is the hand applied to a windlass . Boats were first used on this principle with success on Whit-Monday , between London and Greenwich . The labour is much less than that of oars , and the impulse of the boat through the water much increased in swiftness . Philosophic Girl .— The Italian journals mention that a young lady , only 13 years of age , named Maria Catherina Gherardi , a native of Scrola , has maintained in public a series of philosophic theses , in Latin . Ingenious Automaton .— A German journal asserts , that an artist at Cemberg , in Prussia , has constructed a watch which imitates the human voice , and answers questions in German and Polish ; besides executing musical airs . To destroy Caterpillars .— A gardener at Glasgow practices a mode of destroying caterpillars , which he discovered by accident . A piece of woollen rag had been blown by the wind into a currant bush , and when taken out was found covered with these leaf-devouring insects . He immediately placed pieces of woollen cloth in every bush in his garden , and found next day that the caterpillars had universally taken to them for shelter . In this way he destroys many thousands every morning . Vegetation in cold Climates .— The following is a calendar of a Siberian Lapland year : Snow melts June 22d . Snow gone July 1st . Fields quite green do . 6th . Plants at full growth do . 17th . Plants in flower do . 25th . Fruits ripe Aug. 2d . Plants shed their seed do . 10th . Snow do . 18th . From August 18th to June 22d . snow and ice . Thus it appears , that from their first emerging from the ground to the ripening of their seeds , the plants take but a month ; and spring , summer , and autumn are crowded into the short space of 56 days . THE FARMER 'S CREED . By Sir John Sinclair , President of the Board of Agriculture . Let this be held the Farmer 's creed . For stock , seek out the choicest breed , In peace and plenty let them feed . Your land sow with the best of seed , Let it nor dung , nor dressing need , Enclose and drain it with all speed , And you will soon be rich indeed . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . There are other paths to the temple of fame , than those which lead through blood and slaughter . This truth cannot too frequently be inculcated on the minds of the rising generation . Our own country keeps pace with the nations of the old world , in applauding deeds of arms ; apparently forgetful of the fact , that there are other incentives to ambition , of a much more useful and honourable character . He who augments the stock of public happiness , by improving the condition of his fellow creatures , or enriches the nation by developing her resources , is entitled to her thanks , and will probably receive them : At all events he will reap with certainty the high reward of self-approbation . The following stanzas to the memory of the late Duke of Bridgewater , were written by one who enjoys the rare distinction of being at once a painter and a poet , of no ordinary pretensions . What ample scope is furnished to Pennsylvania , and what cogent inducements may be found in the example of some of her neighbours , for adopting zealously , without further delay , a great and efficient plan of INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT . Should she evince the public spirit of Bridgewater , a Brindley will no doubt be found , to aid her in the important object of uniting the waters of the Ohio and the Delaware . This would add one more to the catalogue of those pacific but glorious triumphs , which have rendered her name celebrated throughout the civilized world . I . ON THE DUKE OF BRIDGEWATER . From Shee 's “ Rhymes on Art . ” Shall EGERTON [ 7 ] depart without a tear ? And press in silent state a plumeless bier ? No , though his tomb no martial glories grace , No trophies won in wild Ambition 's race ; Though no vain pen on History 's pompous page Paint the deep statesman to th ’ astonish 'd age ; Lay open all the labyrinth of his breast — What plans he form 'd — what factions he suppress 'd ; What flames of war broke forth as he desir 'd — Cool 'd as he calm 'd , or kindled as he fir 'd ; Yet life 's mild Arts their spotless ensigns wave , And grateful swains strow garlands on his grave . Though crown 'd with all in rank , or wealth that charms , And lulls th ’ enfeebled soul in Pleasure 's arms , Behold him , yet in man 's meridian hour , Fly the false glare of pomp , and pride , and pow'r ; Decline the Court 's intrigues , the Senate 's , strife , To serve his country in secluded life ; To ope new arteries of public health , Promote her pride and circulate her wealth ; Call forth a BRINDLEY 'S genius , and command , To pierce opposing mountains with his wand , Through wondering vales , in liquid course to lead Commercial keels , and navigate the mead ; Bid in bright tracks obedient currents glide , And , like a river-god , direct the tide . [ 7 ] The late Duke of Bridgewater . THE KITTEN . By Joanna Baillie . Wanton drole , whose harmless play Beguiles the rustic 's closing day , When drawn the evening fire about , Sit aged Crone and thoughtless Lout , And child upon his three-foot stool , Waiting till his supper cool ; And Maid whose cheek outblooms the rose , As bright the blazing faggot glows , Who , bending to the friendly light , Plies her task with busy sleight ; Come , show thy tricks and sportive graces , Thus circled round with merry faces . Backward coil 'd and couching low , With glaring eyeballs watch thy foe , The housewife 's spindle whirling round , Or thread , or straw , that on the ground Its shadow throws , by urchin sly Held out to lure thy roving eye ; Then , onward stealing fiercely spring Upon the futile , faithless thing . Now , wheeling round with bootless skill , Thy bo-peep tail provokes thee still , As oft beyond thy curving side Its getty tip is seen to glide ; Till from thy centre starting far Thou sidelong rear'st with rump in air , Erected stiff , and gait awry , Like Madam in her tantrums high : Though ne'er a Madam of them all , Whose silken kirtle sweeps the hall , More varied trick and whim displays , To catch the admiring stranger 's gaze . Doth power in measured verses dwell , All thy vagaries wild to tell ? Ah no ! the start , the jet , the bound , The giddy scamper round and round , With leap , and jerk , and high curvet , And many a whirling somerset , ( Permitted by the modern Muse Expression technical to use ,) These mock the deftest rhymester 's skill , But poor in art , though rich in will . The featest tumbler , stage-bedight , To thee is but a clumsy wight , Who every limb and sinew strains To do what costs thee little pains , For which , I trow , the gaping crowd Requites him oft with plaudits loud ; But , stopped the while thy wanton play , Applauses , too , thy feats repay ; For then beneath some urchin 's hand , With modest pride thou tak'st thy stand , While many a stroke of fondness glides Along thy back and tabby sides . Dilated swells thy glossy fur , And loudly sings thy busy pur ; As timing well the equal sound , Thy clutching feet bepat the ground , And all their harmless claws disclose , Like prickles of an early rose ; While softly from thy whiskered cheek Thy half-closed eyes peer mild and meek . But , not alone by cottage fire Do rustics rude thy feats admire ; The learned sage , whose thoughts explore The widest range of human lore , Or , with unfettered fancy , fly Through airy heights of poesy , Pausing , smiles with altered air To see thee climb his elbow chair , Or , struggling on the mat below , Hold warfare with his slipper 'd toe . The widow 'd dame , or lonely maid , Who in the still but cheerless shade Of home unsocial , spends her age , And rarely turns a lettered page ; Upon her hearth for thee lets fall The rounded cork , or paper ball , Nor chides thee on thy wicked watch The ends of ravelled skein to catch , Buts lets thee have thy wayward will , Perplexing oft her sober skill . Even he , whose mind of gloomy bent , In lonely tower or prison pent , Reviews the wit of former days , And loaths the world and all its ways ; What time the lamps unsteady gleam Doth rouse him from his moody dream , Feels as thou gambol'st round his seat , His heart with pride less fiercely beat , And smiles , a link in thee to find That joins him to his living kind . Whence hast thou then , thou witless puss , The magic power to charm us thus ? Is it , that in thy glaring eye , And rapid movements , we descry , While we at ease , secure from ill , The chimney corner snugly fill , A lion , darting on his prey , A tiger , at his ruthless play ? Or , is it that in thee we trace , With all thy varied wanton grace , An emblem view 'd with kindred eye , Of tricksey , restless infancy ? Ah ! many a lightly-sportive child , Who hath , like thee our wits beguil 'd , To dull and sober manhood grown , With strange recoil our hearts disown . Even so , poor Kit ! must thou endure , When thou becom'st a cat demure , Full many a cuff , and angry word , Chid roughly from the tempting board , And yet for that , thou hast , I ween , So oft our favoured playmate been , Soft be the change which thou shalt prove , When time hath spoil 'd thee of our love ; Still be thou deemed by housewife fat , A comely , careful , mousing cat ; Whose dish is for the public good , Replenish 'd oft with sav'ry food . Nor when thy span of life is past , Be thou to pond or dunghill cast , But gently borne on good man 's spade , Beneath the decent sod be laid , And children show with glist'ning eyes , The place where poor old Pussy lies . AN AUTUMNAL TALE . “ O Father , dear Father ! lament now with me , This morning I 've been at our wood , And the fine flowing leaves of your favourite tree , Around on the grass are all strew 'd ; And sure ‘ tis a pity ! for lovely and green , All summer they yielded a shade , Dear Father , to you , who against it would lean , While sister and I round it play 'd . Of late they began to change colour indeed , Like the corn when ‘ tis ripe in the field ; And the dark glossy green became yellow and red , As if they ripe berries would yield . I thought this was pretty , and ne'er heard you say That the leaves would soon fall from the tree ; And I never was happier than t'other fine day , When you looked there at sister and me . ” “ Why , my boy , I am grieved at the tale you have told , But the leaves every year drop around — They are green in their youth , and turn red when they 're old , Then the wind blows them down to the ground . But take comfort , my boy — when the winter is fled , The leaves will appear on the tree , And again form a bower thy father to shade , And the gambols of sister and thee . ” “ Why , that 's good — but , my father , I 've sad news to tell ; Old William , who liv 'd at Hillside , And lately came hither so wan and so pale , Old William this morning hath died . ” “ Old William hath died ! Ah ! indeed , I am sad ; But age , when it ripens , must fall , Though green was his summer , his autumn must fade ; Such , my boy , is the end of us all . ” “ Then he fell like the leaves of your favourite tree , But when the long winter is o'er , Old William again on the hills shall we see A feeding his flock as before ? ” “ Ah , no ! my sweet boy !— the dead wander no more In the bounds of this wind-wasted scene ; But to regions immortal all good spirits soar , More lovely , more lasting , and green . ” BANK NOTE EXCHANGE , AT PHILADELPHIA — Oct. 28 , 1820 . Per cent Disc't . VERMONT — generally , 3 MAINE ,— generally , 4 NEW HAMPSHIRE — generally , 2 CONNECTICUT — generally , 2-3 NEW YORK ,— City Bank , par . Country generally , 1-5 J. Barker 's Ex . Bank — no sales BANK OF UPPER CANADA , 10 NEW JERSEY notes , par . PENNSYLVANIA — Farmer 's Bank , of } Lancaster ; Easton ; Montgomery } County ; Chester } par . County , at Westchester , New Hope ; Northampton , 1-1 ½ Lancaster Bank , 1 ½ Susquehanna Bridge Company , 2 York ; Gettysburg ; Chambersburg , 2 Northumb . ; Union ; Centre , 15 Farm , and Mech . Bank of Pittsburgh , 25 DELAWARE — generally , par . MARYLAND — Baltimore Banks , ½ City Bank , 3 Annapolis ; Hagerstown , 2 VIRGINIA — generally , 2 N. W. Bank , at Wheeling , 8 COLUMBIA DISTRICT — generally , 1 NORTH CAROLINA — State Bank at 3-3 ½ Raleigh , and Branches , Cape Fear ; Newbern , 3 ½ SOUTH CAROLINA — generally , 1-1 ½ GEORGIA — State Banks , generally , 2 Augusta Bridge Company , 75 TENNESSEE — Few sales at any price . KENTUCKY — Kentucky Bank , and Branches , 30 OHIO — Marietta ; Steubenville 12 ½ Bank of Chillicothe , 5 Country generally , 20-50 PRICES CURRENT , October 28 , 1820 . Per D. C. D. C. Beef , Philad . Mess , bbl . 12. 00 to 13. 00 Butter , Fresh lb . 0. 25 " 0. 30 Cotton , ( Louisiana ) " 0. 18 " 0. 21 Cotton Yarn , No . 10 , " 0. 36 Flax , Clean , " 0. 16 " 0. 18 Firewood , Hickory , cord , 6. 00 " 7. 25 Oak , " 4. 25 " 5. 00 Flour — Wheat , P. S. F. bbl . 4. 25 Rye , " 2. 50 Corn Meal , " 2. 75 Grain — Wheat , bush . 0. 75 " 0. 80 Rye , " 0. 37 " 0. 43 Corn , Pa. " 0. 40 " 0. 45 Oats , " 0. 25 " 0. 30 Hams — Jersey , lb . 0. 13 " 0. 15 Leather — Sole , " 0. 24 " 0. 30 Upper , undrs 'd . side , 2. 75 " 3. 00 Plaster of Paris , ton , 4. 75 " 5. 00 Shingles , cedar , 3 feet 1000 20. 00 " 23. 00 Cypress , " 4. 00 Molasses , S. H. gall . 0. 50 " 0. 52 Nails , Cut , all sizes , lb . 0. 07 " 0. 12 Pork , Jersey & Penn . Mess , bbl . 15. 00 Wool — Merino , Clean , lb . 0. 75 Do . in Grease , " 0. 40 Common , " 0. 50 Yarn , Hempen , " 0. 10 " 0. 11 STATE OF THE THERMOMETER . 9 o'cl . 12 o'cl . 3 o'cl . Oct. 4 , — — 68 5 , 68 67 64 6 , 68 69 64 7 , 55 62 60 9 , 62 63 66 10 , 57 59 61 11 , 56 58 56 12 , 50 59 57 13 , 52 64 63 14 , 58 65 67 16 , 53 59 56 17 , 47 59 56 18 , 48 54 52 19 , 53 57 51 20 , 51 61 59 21 , 50 55 54 23 , 47 54 54 24 , 49 59 58 25 , 48 54 52 26 , 40 49 47 27 , 40 52 49 28 , 43 54 50 RAIN GAUGE AT PHILADELPHIA . In hun . Oct. 5 to 6 , Rain , 1. 65 " do . 0. 20 9 , do . 1. 30 10 to 11 , do . 0. 50 Novem . 2 , Shower , 0. 14 5 , do . 0. 07 ERRATUM .— In last November , page 399 , first column , for resembled , read remembered . PHILADELPHIA , PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY RICHARDS & CALEB JOHNSON , No . 31 , Market Street , At $ 3. 00 per annum . GRIGGS & DICKINSON , Printers — Whitehall .