OFF ON A COMET 189 The only malcontent was Palyrin Rosette. Day and night he persevered in his astronomical pur- suits, declared his intentoin of never abandoning his comet, and swore positively that nothing should in- duce him to set foot in the car of the balloon. The misfortune that had befallen his telescope was a never-ending theme of complaint; and just now, when Gallia was entering the narrow zone of shooting-stars, and new discoveries might have been within his reach, his loss made him more in- consolable than ever. In sheer desperation, he en- deavored to increase the intensity of his vision by applying to his eyes some belladonna which he found in the Dobryna's medicine chest; with heroic forti- tude he endured the tortures of the experiment, and gazed up into the sky until he was nearly blind. But all in vain; not a single fresh discovery rewarded his sufferings. No one was quite exempt from the feverish excite- ment which prevailed during the last days of De- cember. Lieutenant Procope superintended his final arrangements. The two lower masts of the schooner had been erected firmly on the shore, and formed supports for the balloon, which had been duly cov- ered with the netting, and was ready at any moment to be inflated. The car was close at hand. Some inflated skins had been attached to its sides, so that the balloon might float for a time, in the event of its descending in the sea at a short distance from the shore. If unfortunately, it should come down in mid-ocean, nothing but the happy chance of some passing vessel could save them all from the cer- tain fate of being drowned. The 31st came. Twenty-four hours hence and the balloon, with its large living freight, would be high in the air. The atmosphere was less buoyant than that of the earth, but no difficulty in ascending was to be apprehended. Gallia was now within 96,000,000 miles of the sun, consequently not much more than 4,000,000 miles from the earth; and this interval was being diminished at the rate of nearly 208,000 miles an hour, the speed of the earth being about 70,000 miles, that of the comet being little less than 138,- 000 miles an hour. It was determined to make the start at two o'clock, three-quarters of an hour, or, to speak cor- rectly 42 minutes 35.6 seconds, before the time pre- dicted by the professor as the instant of collision. The modified rotation of the comet caused it to be daylight at the time. An hour previously the balloon was inflated with perfect success, and the car was securely attached to the network. It only awaited the stowage of the passengers. Isaac Hakkabut was the first to take his place in the car. But scarcely had he done so, when Servadac noticed that his waist was encompassed by an enormous girdle that bulged out to a very extra- ordinary extent. "What's all this, Hakkabut?" he asked. "It's only my little bit of money, your Excellency; my modest little fortune--a mere bagatelle," said the Jew. "And what may your little fortune weigh?" in- quired the captain. "Only about sixty-six pounds!" said Isaac. "Sixty-six pounds!" cried Servadac. "We haven't reckoned for this." "Merciful heavens!" began the Jew. "Sixty-six pounds!" repeated Servadac. "We can hardly carry ourselves; we can't have any dead weight here. Pitch it out, man, pitch it out!" "God of Israel!" whined Hakkabut. "Out with it, I say!" cried Servadac. "What, all my money, which I have saved so long, and toiled for so hard?" "It can't be helped," said the captain, unmoved. "Oh, your Excellency!" cried the Jew. "Now, old Nicodemus, listen to me," interposed Ben Zoof; "You just get rid of that pouch of yours, or we will get rid of you. Take your choice. Quick, or out you go!" The avaricious old man was found to value his life above his money; he made a lamentable outcry about it, but he unfastened his girdle at last, and put it out of the car. Very different was the case with Palmyrin Ros- ette. He avowed over and over again his intention of never quitting the nucleus of his comet. Why should he trust himself to a balloon, that would blaze up like a piece of paper? Why should he leave the comet? Why should he not go once again upon its surface into the far-off realms of space? His volubility was brought to a sudden check by Servadac's bidding two of the sailors, without more ado, to take him in their arms and put him quietly down at the bottom of the car. To the great regret of their owners, the two horses and Nina's pet goat were obliged to be left behind. The only creature for which there was found a place was the carrier-pigeon that had brought the professor's message to the Hive. Ser- vadac thought it might probably be of service in carrying some communication to the earth. When every one, except the captain and his ord- erly, had taken their places, Servadac said, "Get in, Ben Zoof." "After you, sir," said Ben Zoof, respectfully. "No, no!" insisted Servadac; "the captain must be the last to leave the ship!" A moment's hesitation and the orderly clambered over the side of the car. Servadac followed. The cords were cut. The balloon rose with stately calm- ness into the air. CHAPTER XVIII SUSPENSE WHEN the balloon had reached an elevation of about 2,500 yards, Lieutenant Procope de- termined to maintain it at that level. A wire- work stove, suspended below the casing, and filled with lighted hay, served to keep the air in the in- terior at a proper temperature. Beneath their feet was extended the basin of the Gallian Sea. An inconsiderable speck to the north marked the site of Gourbi Island. Ceuta and Gib- raltar, which might have been expected in the west, had utterly disappeared. On the south rose the volcano, the extremity of the promontory that jutted out from the continent that formed the framework of the sea; whilst in every direction the strange soil, with its commixture of tellurium and gold, gleamed under the sun's rays with a perpetual iridescence. Apparently rising with them in their ascent, the horizon was well-defined. The sky above them was 