110 AMAZING STORIES beach, drying, salting and loading cod-fish, the principal article of exportation. The men appeared robust but heavy, fair-haired like Germans, but of pensive mien--exiles of a higher scale in the ladder of humanity than the Esquimaux, but, I thought, much more unhappy, since with superior perceptions they are compelled to live within the limits of the Polar Circle. CHAPTER VII CONVERSATION AND DISCOVERY WHEN I returned, dinner was ready. This meal was devoured by my worthy relative with avidity and voracity. His shipboard diet had turned his interior into a perfect gulf. The repast, which was more Danish than Icelandic, was in itself nothing, but the excessive hospitality of our host made us enjoy it doubly. The conversation turned upon scientific matters, and M. Fridriksson asked my uncle what he thought of the public library. "Library, sir?" cried my uncle; "it appears to me a collection of useless odd volumes, and a beg- garly amount of empty shelves." "What!" cried M. Fridriksson; "why, we have eight thousand volumes of most rare and valuable works--some in the Scandinavian language, besides all the new publications from Copenhagen." "Eight thousand volumes, my dear sir--why, where are they?" cried my uncle. "Scattered over the country, Professor Hard- wigg. We are very studious, my dear sir, though we do live in Iceland. Every farmer, every laborer, every fisherman can both read and write--and we think that books instead of being locked up in cupboards, far from the sight of students, should be distributed as widely as possible. The books of our library are, therefore, passed from hand to hand without returning to the library shelves perhaps for years." "Then when foreigners visit you, there is noth- ing for them to see?" "Well, sir, foreigners have their own libraries, and our first consideration is, that our humbler classes should be highly educated. Fortunately, the love of study is innate in the Icelandic people. In 1816 we founded a Literary Society and Mechanics' Institute; many foreign scholars of eminence are honorary members; we publish books destined to educate our people, and these books have rendered valuable services to our country. Allow me to have the honor, Professor Hardwigg, to enroll you as an honorary member?" My uncle, who already belonged to nearly every literary and scientific institution in Europe, imme- diately yielded to the amiable wishes of good M. Fridriksson. "And now," said the latter after many expressions of gratitude and good-will, "if you will tell me what books you expected to find, perhaps I may be of some assistance to you." I watched my uncle keenly. For a minute or two he hesitated, as if unwilling to speak; to speak openly was, perhaps, to unveil his projects. Never- theless, after some reflection, he made up his mind. "Well, M. Fridriksson," he said in an easy, un- concerned kind of way, "I was desirous of ascer- taining, if among other valuable works, you had any by the learned Arne Saknussem." "Arne Saknussem!" cried the Professor of Reyk- jawik; "you speak of one of the most distinguished scholars of the sixteenth century, of the great naturalist, the great alchemist, the great traveler." "Exactly so." "One of the most distinguished men connected with Icelandic science and literature." "As you say, sir--" "A man illustrious above all." "Yes, sir, all this is true, but his works?" "We have none of them." "Not in Iceland?" "There are none in Iceland or elsewhere," an- swered the other, sadly. "Why so?" "Because Arne Saknussem was persecuted for heresy, and in 1573 his works were publicly burnt at Copenhagen by the hands of the common hang- man." "Very good! capital!" murmured my uncle, to the great astonishment of the worthy Icelander. "You said, sir--" "Yes, yes, all is clear, I see the link in the chain; everything is explained; and I now understand why Arne Saknussem, put out of court, forced to hide his magnificent discoveries, was compelled to con- ceal beneath the veil of an incomprehensible crypto- graph, the secret--" "What secret?" "A secret--which," stammered my uncle. "Have you discovered some wonderful manu- script?" "No, no, I was carried away by my enthusiasm. A mere supposition." "Very good, sir. But, really, to turn to another subject, I hope you will not leave our island with- out examination into its mineralogical riches." "Well, the fact is, I am rather late. So many learned men have been here before me." "Yes, yes, but there is still much to be done," cried M. Fridriksson. "You think so," said my uncle, his eyes twinkling with hidden satisfaction. "Yes, you have no idea how many unknown moun- tains, glaciers and volcanoes there are which remain to be studied. Without moving from where we sit, I can show you one. Yonder on the edge of the hori- zon, you see Sneffels." "Oh yes, Sneffels," said my uncle. "One of the most curious volcanoes in existence, the crater of which has been rarely visited." "Extinct?" "Extinct for the last five hundred years," was the ready reply. "Well," said my uncle, who dug his nails into his flesh, and pressed his knees tightly together to prevent himself leaping up with joy. "I have a great mind to begin my studies with an examination of the geological mysteries of this Mount Sneffel-- Feisel--what do you call it?" "Sneffels, my dear sir." This portion of the conversation took place in Latin, and I therefore understood all that had been said. I could scarcely keep my countenance when I found my uncle so cunningly concealing his de- light and satisfaction. I must confess that his art- ful grimaces, put on to conceal his happiness, made him look like a new Mephistopheles. "Yes, yes," he continued, "your proposition delights me. I will 