184 AMAZING STORIES slightest intention of abandoning our post. We have received no government orders to that effect; indeed, we have received no orders at all. Our own dispatch to the First Lord of the Admiralty still awaits the mail." "But allow me to repeat," insisted Servadac, "that we are no longer on the earth, although we expect to come in contact with it again in about eight weeks." "I have no doubt," the major answered, "that England will make every effort to reclaim us." Servadac felt perplexed. It was quite evident that Major Oliphant had not been convinced of the truth of one syllable of what he had been saying. "Then I am to understand that you are deter- mined to retain your two garrisons here and at Gib- raltar?" asked Servadac, with one last effort at persuasion. "Certainly; these two posts command the en- trance of the Mediterranean." "But supposing there is no longer any Mediter- ranean?" retorted the captain, growing impatient. "Oh, England will always take care of that," was Major Oliphant's cool reply. "But excuse me," he added presently; "I see that Colonel Murphy has just telegraphed his next move. Allow me to wish you good afternoon." And without further parley, followed by his sol- diers, he retired into the casement, leaving Captain Servadac gnawing his mustache with mingled rage and mortification. "A fine piece of business we have made of this!" said Ben Zoof, when he found himself alone with his master. "We will make our way back at once," replied Captain Servadac. "Yes, the sooner the better, with our tails be- tween our legs," rejoined the orderly, who this time felt no inclination to start off to the march of the Algerian zephyrs. And so the French tricolor re- turned as it had set out--in Ben Zoof's knapsack. On the eighth evening after starting, the travel- ers again set foot on the volcanic promontory just in time to witness a great commotion. Palmyrin Rosette was in a furious rage. He had completed all his calculations about Nerina, but that perfidious satellite had totally disappeared. The astronomer was frantic at the loss of his moon. Captured probably by some larger body, it was re- volving in its proper zone of the minor planets. CHAPTER XVI A BOLD PROPOSITION ON his return Servadac communicated to the count the result of his expedition, and, though perfectly silent on the subject of his personal project, did not conceal the fact that the Spaniards, without the smallest right, had sold Ceuta to the English. Having refused to quit their post, the English- men had virtually excluded themselves from any further consideration; they had had their warning, and must now take the consequences of their own in- credulity. Although it had proved that not a single creature either at Gourbi Island, Gibraltar, Ceuta, Madalena, or Formentera had received any injury whatever at the time of the first concussion, there was nothing in the least to make it certain that a like immunity from harm would attend the second. The previous escape was doubtless owing to some slight, though unaccountable, modification in the rate of motion; but whether the inhabitants of the earth had fared so fortunately, was a question that had still to be determined. The day following Servadac's return, he and the count and Lieutenant Procope met by agreement in the cave, formally to discuss what would be the most advisable method of proceeding under their present prospects. Ben Zoof was, as a matter of course, allowed to be present, and Professor Rosette had been asked to attend; but he declined on the plea of taking no interest in the matter. Indeed, the disappearance of his moon had utterly discon- certed him, and the probability that he should soon lose his comet also, plunged him into an excess of grief which he preferred to bear in solitude. Although the barrier of cool reserve was secretly increasing between the captain and the count, they scrupulously concealed any outward token of their inner feelings, and without any personal bias ap- plied their best energies to the discussion of the question which was of such mutual, nay, of such universal interest. Servadac was the first to speak. "In fifty-one days, if Professor Rosette has made no error in his calculations, there is to be a recurrence of collision between this comet and the earth. The inquiry that we have now to make is whether we are prepared for the coming shock. I ask myself, and I ask you, whether it is in our power, by any means, to avert the evil consequences that are only too likely to follow?" Count Timascheff, in a voice that seemed to thrill with solemnity, said: "In such events we are at the disposal of an over-ruling Providence; human pre- cautions cannot sway the Divine will." "But with the most profound reverence for the will of Providence," replied the captain, "I beg to submit that it is our duty to devise whatever means we can to escape the threatening mischief. Heaven helps them that help themselves." "And what means have you to suggest, may I ask?" said the count, with a faint accent of satire. Servadac was forced to acknowledge that nothing tangible had hitherto presented itself to his mind. "I don't want to intrude," observed Ben Zoof, "but I don't understand why such learned gentle- men as you cannot make the comet go where you want it to go." "You are mistaken, Ben Zoof, about our learn- ing," said the captain; "even Professor Rosette, with all his learning, has not a shadow of power to prevent the comet and the earth from knocking against each other." "Then I cannot see what is the use of all this learning," the orderly replied. "One great use of learning," said Count Timas- cheff, with a smile, "is to make us know our own ignorance." While this conversation had been going on, Lieu- tenant Procope had been sitting in thoughtful sil- ence. Looking up, he now said, "Incident to this ex- pected shock, there may be a variety of dangers. If, gentlemen, you will allow me, I will enumerate them; and we shall, perhaps, by taking them seria- tim, be in a better position to judge whether we can 