346 WEIRD TALES    "Once you spoke otherwise, Olmec," she taunted. "Once, in your youth, you spoke words of love. Aye, you were my lover once, years ago, and because you loved me, you slept in my arms beneath the enchanted lotus--and thereby put into my hands the chains that enslaved you. You know you cannot withstand me. You know I have but to gaze into your eyes, with the mystic power a priest of Stygia taught me, long ago, and you are power- less. You remember the night beneath the black lotus that waved above us, stirred by no worldly breeze; you scent again the unearthly perfumes that stole and rose like a cloud about you to enslave you. You cannot fight against me. You are my slave as you were that night--as you shall be so long as you shall live, Olmec of Xuchotl!"   HER voice had sunk to a murmur like the rippling of a stream running through starlit darkness. She leaned close to the prince and spread her long taper- ing fingers upon his giant breast. His eyes glazed, his great hands fell limply to his sides.  With a smile of cruel malice, Tascela lifted the vessel and placed it to his lips,  "Drink!"  Mechanically the prince obeyed. And instantly the glaze passed from his eyes and they were flooded with fury, compre- hension and an awful fear. His mouth gaped, but no sound issued. For an in- stant he reeled on buckling knees, and then fell in a sodden heap on the floor.  His fall jolted Valeria out of her pa- ralysis. She turned and sprang toward the door, but with a movement that would have shamed a leaping panther, Tascela was before her. Valeria struck at her with her clenched fist, and all the power of her supple body behind the blow. It would have stretched a man senseless on the floor. But with a lithe twist of her torso,      Tascela avoided the blow and caught the pirate's wrist. The next instant Valeria's left hand was imprisoned, and holding her wrists together with one hand, Tas- cela calmly bound them with a cord she drew from her girdle. Valeria thought she had tasted the ultimate in humilia- tion already that night, but her shame at being manhandled by Olmec was nothing to the sensations that now shook her sup- ple frame. Valeria had always been in- clined to despise the other members of her sex; and it was overwhelming to en- counter another woman who could handle her like a child. She scarcely resisted at all when Tascela forced her into a chair and drawing her bound wrists down be- tween her knees, fastened them to the chair.  Casually stepping over Olmec, Tascela walked to the bronze door and shot the bolt and threw it open, revealing a hall- way without.  "Opening upon this hall," she re- marked, speaking to her feminine captive for the first time, "there is a chamber which in old times was used as a torture room. When we retired into Tecuhltli, we brought most of the apparatus with us, but there was one piece too heavy to move. It is still in working order. I think it will be quite convenient now."  An understanding flame of terror rose in Olmec's eyes. Tascela strode back to him, bent and gripped him by the hair.  "He is only paralyzed temporarily," she remarked conversationally. "He can hear, think, and feel--aye, he can feel very well indeed!"  With which sinister observation she started toward the door, dragging the giant bulk with an ease that made the pirate's eyes dilate. She passed into the hall and moved down it without hesita- tion, presently disappearing with her cap- tive into a chamber that opened into it,