382 WEIRD TALES    sic, but ended up with a surprize ending which explained everything as a mistake which could never be incurred. Tom Free- man's The Death Shower was only a cleverly constructed detective story, not weird; while A Mind in Shadow, by Tessida Swinges, was a simple child's story, related in baby-talk, which could not have been even remotely connected with WEIRD TALES--it should hare been rejected, instead, by Child Life Magazine. The Weird Story Reprint, Wil- helm Hauff's The Severed Hand, had a touch of weirdness to it, but was ruined by a weak ending; moreover, the title bore lit- tle relation to the story. There were other stories by authors who were, no doubt, prominent and popular at the time, but most of whom have dropped into the back- ground. The illustrations, both inside and on the cover, were all done, very crudely, by a sole illustrator, Andrew Brosnatch. Com- pare his efforts with the present exquisite work of Virgil Finlay and Mrs. Brundage, with the detailed, clear-cut drawings of Har- old De Lay, the shadowy, mysterious grease- pencilings of Hugh Rankin. Notice, too, the wide variety of artists--the early WTs had but one. The July, 1936, issue was almost a direct contrast to the early issue of 1925 which I reviewed. Clark Ashton Smith's scintillant gem--Robert E. Howard's tale of the barbarian, Conan--Edmond Hamil- ton's fascinating weird-scientific tale of the near future -- Thorp McClusky's different vampire thriller--August W. Derleth's narrative of spirit return, proof of his never-failing mastery--the handsome Manly Wade Wellman's short tale of stark horror, nearly approaching the point reached by Kuttner's The Graveyard Rats --the beautiful inside illustrations and the excellent cover--the usual array of inter- esting letters in the Eyrie--all these round- ed up an issue which was as nearly perfect as an issue can be, and which was yet typical af the standard maintained in the last five years. And still some readers yearn for the 'good old days'!"   Another de Grandin Tale  Robert A. Madle, of Philadelphia, writes: "Necromancy in Naat was a good story, beautifully illustrated by Virgil Fin- lay. His fantastic drawings are in fitting with the magazine--they are weird. With- out a shadow of a doubt Virgil Finlay is      your best interior artist. De Lay, your re- cent addition, is also good. Robert E. Howard's latest Conan adventure takes first place. I have yet to be displeased by Howard, and I hope he never stops writ- ing for WEIRD TALES. Second place goes to that unusual yarn, The Unborn. This story presents a decidedly weird plot excellently written. It is a great improvement over Ronal Kayser's previous contributions. The other tales were very good, especially Lost Paradise by C L. Moore. Moore never fails to please me with those beautiful tales of Northwest Smith. Do you realize that there hasn't been a Jules de Grandin story in the last six issues and next month's forecast doesn't boast of one either? You had better rectify the situation and secure one soon." [Cheer up, Mr. Madle, for two new tales of Jules de Grandin will appear soon, with cover designs by Margaret Brundage.--The Editor.]   Varied Comments  Paul N. Nicholaioff, of Chicago, writes: "I find real treat when I read Seabury Quinn and Carl Jacobi. The former's A Rival from the Grave and the latter's Face in the Wind were excellent. McClusky's Loot of the Vampire is very entertaining. The House of the Evil Eye I did not like so well. Its con- clusion was mechanically constructed. It went off at a fair start, but something else finished the race. Ballad of the Wolf was an excellent poem by Henry Kuttner. I hope to see more of his poems in future issues."   Unique Among Magazines  Herberte Jordan, of Wellingborough, England, writes: "I have been a deeply ap- preciative reader of WEIRD TALES for many years, and would like to express my sincere admiration for the high literary quality of the stories published. Year in and out this quality is maintained, and the success of WEIRD TALES is undoubtedly due to this fact. The brilliant writers regularly contrib- uting to the magazine are past masters in the art of inducing those delicious shudders which run up the spine and set the scalp tingling with suspense and horror. I would also mention the work of the artists illus- trating WEIRD TALES. The Brundage covers are beautifully done, and the recent work by Virgil Finlay is superb. The Eyrie is a good feature and should, as Louis C. Smith stated