RED NAILS 337    on both sides fought as madly as the men, and already the room and the hall be- yond were strewn with corpses.  Olmec, naked but for a breech-clout, was fighting before his throne, and as the adventurers entered, Tascela ran from an inner chamber with a sword in her hand.  Xatmec and his mate were dead, so there was none to tell the Tecuhltli how their foes had found their way into their citadel. Nor was there any to say what had prompted that mad attempt. But the losses of the Xotalancas had been greater, their position more desperate, than the Tecuhltli had known. The maiming of their scaly ally, the destruction of the Burning Skull, and the news, gasped by a dying man, that mysterious white- skin allies had joined their enemies, had driven them to the frenzy of desperation and the wild determination to die dealing death to their ancient foes.  The Tecuhltli, recovering from the first stunning shock of the surprize that had swept them back into the throneroom and littered the floor with their corpses, fought back with an equally desperate fury, while the door-guards from the lower floors came racing to hurl them- selves into the fray. It was the death- fight of rabid wolves, blind, panting, merciless. Back and forth it surged, from door to dais, blades whickering and strik- ing into flesh, blood spurting, feet stamp- ing the crimson floor where redder pools were forming. Ivory tables crashed over, seats were splintered, velvet hangings torn down were stained red. It was the bloody climax of a bloody half-century, and every man there sensed it.  But the conclusion was inevitable. The Tecuhltli outnumbered the invaders al- most two to one, and they were heartened by that fact and by the entrance into the melee of their light-skinned allies.  These crashed into the fray with the devastating effect of a hurricane plowing      through a grove of saplings. In sheer strength no three Tlazitlans were a match for Conan, and in spite of his weight he was quicker on his feet than any of them. He moved through the whirling, eddying mass with the surety and de- structiveness of a gray wolf amidst a pack of alley curs, and he strode over a wake of crumpled figures.  Valeria fought beside him, her lips smiling and her eyes blazing. She was stronger than the average man, and far quicker and more ferocious. Her sword was like a living thing in her hand. Where Conan beat down opposition by the sheer weight and power of his blows, breaking spears, splitting skulls and cleav- ing bosoms to the breastbone, Valeria brought into action a finesse of sword- play that dazzled and bewildered her an- tagonists before it slew them. Again and again a warrior, heaving high his heavy blade, found her point in his jugular be- fore he could strike. Conan, towering above the field, strode through the wel- ter smiting right and left, but Valeria moved like an illusive phantom, con- stantly shifting, and thrusting and slash- ing as she shifted. Swords missed her again and again as the wielders flailed the empty air and died with her point in their hearts or throats, and her mocking laughter in their ears.  Neither sex nor condition was consid- ered by the maddened combatants. The five women of the Xotalancas were down with their throats cut before Conan and Valeria entered the fray, and when a man or woman went down under the stamping feet, there was always a knife ready for the helpless throat, or a sandaled foot eager to crush the prostrate skull.  From wall to wall, from door to door rolled the waves of combat, spilling over into adjoining chambers. And presently only Tecuhltli and their white-skinned allies stood upright in the great throne-   W. T.--6