THE DOORS OF DEATH 361    door in the end of the casket. When you didn't answer the bell, I found I could come alone."   With an inarticulate cry, Biggs stretched out his trembling arms.     "My Master, I am coming now."   Then he swayed, stumbled, clutched feebly at the rail and plunged headlong to the foot of the stairs, a crumpled. life- less form.    The Secret of Kralitz By HENRY KUTTNER  A story of the shocking revelation that came to the twenty-first Baron Kralitz      I AWOKE from profound sleep to find two black-swathed forms stand- ing silently beside me, their faces pale blurs in the gloom. As I blinked to clear my sleep-dimmed eyes, one of them beckoned impatiently, and suddenly I realized the purpose of this midnight summons. For years I had been expecting it, ever since my father, the Baron Kra- litz, had revealed to me the secret and the curse that hung over our ancient house. And so, without a word, I rose and followed my guides as they led me along the gloomy corridors of the castle that had been my home since birth.  As I proceeded there rose up in my mind the stem face of my father, and in my ears rang his solemn words as he told me of the legendary curse of the House of Kralitz, the unknown secret that was imparted to the eldest son of each generation--at a certain time.  "When?" I had asked my father as he lay on his death-bed, fighting back the approach of dissolution.  "When you are able to understand," he had told me, watching my face in-      tently from beneath his tufted white brows. "Some are told the secret sooner than others. Since the first Baron Kralitz the secret has been handed down--"  He clutched at his breast and paused. It was fully five minutes before he had gathered his strength to speak again in his rolling, powerful voice. No gasping, death-bed confessions for the Baron Kra- litz!  He said at last, "You have seen the ruins of the old monastery near the vil- lage, Franz. The first Baron burnt it and put the monks to the sword. The Abbot interfered too often with the Baron's whims. A girl sought shelter and the Abbot refused to give her up at the Baron's demand. His patience was at an end--you know the tales they still tell about him.  "He slew the Abbot, burned the mon- astery, and took the girl. Before he died the Abbot cursed his slayer, and cursed his sons for unborn generations. And it is the nature of this curse that is the secret of our house.  "I may not tell you what the curse is.