270 WEIRD TALES    suits Our fancy; they are not like the Masters; they awaken only when we call them--we three or the Masters.  "More than life they give us for what we do. Centuries ago pirates used this island for refuge. They--died--and they left their treasure in this castle. It lies in the room where the Masters lie; and we three receive payment in gold and gems. Tonight I receive my pay, and tomorrow I leave on the Ariel--and you go with me!"  Cliff heard Vilma answer, and even while his heart leaped with relief, he marveled at the cool scorn in her voice.  "So I go with you, do I? I'd rather climb the stairs with the rest of your victims than have anything to do with you--you monster! When Cliff Darrell finds you--"  "Darrell!" Corio's voice was a frozen sneer. "He'll do nothing! I'll find him --and he'll wish he could climb the stairs of blood! As for you, you'll go with me, and like it! A drop of my blood in your veins, and you will belong to the Master, as I do. We shall attend to that; but first there is something else-- more pleasant." His words fell to an indistinguishable purr.  Still moving stealthily, Cliff hastened forward. Suddenly Vilma screamed; and he launched himself madly across the re- maining distance, stood crouching at the threshold.  Vilma lay on an ancient bed, her wrists and ankles bound with leather thongs drawn about the four tall bed-posts. Only the tom remnants of her under-garments covered the rounded contours of her body, and Corio crouched over her, ca- ressing the pink flesh. Vilma writhed beneath his touch.   CLIFF growled deep in his throat as he sprang. Corio spun around and leaped aside, but he was too slow to es-      cape Cliff's powerful lunge. One hand closed on his thin neck, and the other, a rock-like fist, made a bloody ruin of his mouth. Howling with pain, Corio tried to sink his teeth in Cliff's arm.  Cliff flung him aside, following with the easy glide of a boxer. Corio crawled to his feet, cringing, dodging before the nemesis that stalked him. Again Cliff leaped, and Corio, yellow with fear, darted around the bed and ran wildly into the hallway. At the door Cliff checked himself, reason holding him. Corio could elude him with ease in this labyrinth of passages; and his first con- cern was Vilma's safety.  He returned to the bed. Vilma looked up at him with such relief and thankful- ness on her face that Cliff, with a little choked cry, flung himself to his knees beside the bed and kissed her hungrily. For moments their lips clung; then Cliff straightened shakily, trying to laugh.  "We've got to get out of here, sweet- heart," he said. "I'm not afraid of Corio, but he knows things about this place that we don't know. After you're safe on the yacht, I'll come bade and get him."  He looked around for something with which to cut her bonds. On the wall above the bed were crossed a pair of murderous-looking cutlases. Seizing one of these, Cliff wrenched it from its fastenings and drew it through the cords. . . . She stood beside him, free.  "Your clothing--" Cliff began, his eyes on her almost-nude body.  She blushed and pointed mutely to a heap of rags on the floor. Her eyes flamed wrathfully. "He--he ripped them from me!"  The muscles of Cliff's jaws knotted, and he scowled as he surveyed the room for a drape or hanging to cover her. For the first time he really saw the place. All the lavish splendor of royalty had been