ISLE OF THE UNDEAD 263    sea had carved into hollow eye-sockets and an empty nasal cavity. The rock wall ended high above the water; beneath it lay a gaping chasm of pitchy darkness. And the galley, drum silenced, oars at rest, slid under the ledge, into the mouth of the skull!  Just before total blackness fell, Cliff sprang to Vilma's side and raised her in his arms. If he hoped to do anything, he must do it now! He groped his way to the starboard bow and moved one hand along the dank timbers, searching. He found what he sought, a wide gap at the edge of a board. Gently lowering Vilma to the floor, he gripped the slimy wood with both hands and thrust outward mightily. A wide strip of decayed tim- ber burst free. He dropped it into the sea and attacked the next board. In mo- ments a wide irregular opening yawned in the galley's hull.  Leaning out, Cliff looked down. He could see nothing. Then suddenly a faint light appeared, and he heard the hum of the Ariel's motors as she entered the cave. The humming ceased instantly, but the faint light persisted.  Now he could see the blackness of wa- ters, a rock wall beyond. He drew back-- and as he did so, he heard movements on deck! At any moment the rowers might enter! He'd have to risk a drop into the water with Vilma--there was nothing else to do. If only she were conscious!  He stooped and raised her, holding her firmly with one arm. Gripping the hull with the other, he climbed through the opening, inhaled deeply, and dropped! A heart-stopping plunge--and cold water closed over them. Down, down--then they shot upward, reached the surface; and even as Cliff gulped a single gasping breath, something struck his skull a blind- ing, stunning blow! The oars!  With rapidly numbing arms and legs Cliff kicked and flailed the water, striving      for land. Dimly he knew he no longer held Vilma; dimly he visioned her as were those ghastly undead; then his body scraped on something hard, and a black- ness that was not physical blotted out con- sciousness.   2. The Dreadful Isle   RED-HOT hammers pounding against his temples wakened Cliff Darrell. He opened his eyes to stare into total darkness crawling with mental monsters spawned by his pain-stabbed brain. He lay half immersed in shallow brine, his head resting on a jagged stone just above the surface. Struggling to his hands and knees, he shook his head from side to side, dumbly, like an animal in pain. Something had hit him--and now he was in water--and there was no light. What had happened? Where was Vilma?  Vilma! He groaned. He remembered now. They had dropped--and his head had struck something--and--and-- maybe she was floating out there even now, dead eyes staring upward.  "Vilma!" he cried, his voice pleading. "Vilma!"  Only a mocking echo answered him. There was no other sound, not even the whisper of waves swishing among the rocks.  Cliff pressed his hands fiercely against his throbbing head. The pain had become a madness, matched only by the agony of his own helplessness. He felt his reason reeling; he fought an insane desire to fling himself shrieking into that silent expanse of water to search for Vilma, then with a tremendous physical effort he jarred himself back to sanity.  He staggered to his feet, groped stum- blingly over the rocks away from the wa- ter. His hand touched a rock wall broken and pitted by the action of the sea; and he crept stowly inland, feeling his way