282 WEIRD TALES    quies rise, unrepressed, to rule the mind.  Young Peter had been affected by the spell of the silent sands. He tried to remember some of the things his father had once told him concerning Egyptian sorcery, and the miraculous magic of the high priests. Legends of tombs and underground horrors took on a new reality here in the place of their birth. Peter Barton knew personally many men who had believed in the potency of curses, and some of them had died strangely. There was the Tut-Ankh- Ahmen affair, and the Paut temple scan- dal, and the terrible rumors concerning the end of that unsavory adventurer, Doctor Stugatche. At night, under the spying stars, he would recall these and similar tales, then shudder anew at the thought of what might lie before him.   WHEN Sir Ronald had made camp at the spot designated by the map, there had been new and more concrete terrors.  That first night, Sir Ronald had gone off alone into the hills behind the tents. He bore with him a white goat, and a sharp knife. His son, following, had come upon the old man after a deed had been done, so that the sand had been given to drink. The goat's blood shone horribly in the moonlight, and there was a red glare of corresponding violence in the slayer's eyes. Peter had not made his presence known, for he did not deem it wise to interrupt his father while the old man was muttering those outlandish Egyptian phrases to a mocking moon.  Indeed, Peter was more than a little afraid of Sir Ronald, else he would have attempted to dissuade him from continu- ing the expedition. But there was some- thing in Sir Ronald's manner which hinted at a mad, unthwartable determi- nation. It was that which made Peter keep silent; that which held him from      bluntly asking his father the true details about the parchment's mysterious "curse."  The day after the peculiar incident in the midnight hills, Sir Ronald, after consulting certain zodiacal charts, an- nounced that the digging would start. Carefully, eyes on the map, he measured his paces to an exact spot in the sands, and ordered the men to work. By sun- down a ten-foot shaft yawned like a great wound in the earth, and excited natives proclaimed the presence of a door be- neath.  Sir Ronald rewarded them with spirits sufficient to plunge them all into a coma- tose slumber long before midnight; then he opened the crates where the jackals were kept. Peter assisted him in this task, but reluctantly.  For Peter, remembering the instruc- tions in the parchment, knew why his father had taken the three beasts along; knew why he had withheld digging un- til a night when Canis was ascendant; realized, too, that the stuporous sleep of the men was by no means accidental. The manuscript specified that the blood of three jackals should be spilled in ac- cordance with the old rites of propitia- tion. So Sir Ronald took the creatures over to a spot among the stones before the excavation, and Peter watched silently from afar.  He saw a gleaming blade rise and descend thrice in the mad moonlight; heard three keening cries well out in the desert air; and the wind bore its scented baptism of blood. Then, with uncanny swiftness, there came a rustling from above, and the moon was blotted out by a brood of bats. Their beating wings coursed cloud-like over its phosphores- cent face, and with eager squeakings the charnel swarm descended to batten on the bloody bodies of the beasts.  That terrible scurrying and tittering,