294 WEIRD TALES    "We have some twenty or thirty suites, my lord."  Wrexler said he would prefer to be close at hand, and together we followed de Lacy up the marble stairway into a new world.  Wrexler was at ease immediately in his doublet and hose. The rich, em- broidered garments seemed to suit him as modem clothes never did. He looked handsomer than ever. He also told me that the costume of the Medici was becoming to me, and truly when I caught a glimpse of myself mirrored in the pond --for the château did not possess a large mirror--I was not ill pleased with the result. But, by the end of the week, I still felt strange in my new attire, whereas Wrexler from the beginning wore his as if to the manor born.  But I anticipate. That first night we donned two of the outfits which the valet whom de Lacy introduced to me had put out. Our own clothes disappeared, and much to my annoyance, with them my cigarettes.   WE ATE dinner in state, upon a raised dais at one end of a great hall. At either side below us were long, nar- row tables filled with people. Dressed also in keeping with the period, they made a wonderful picture and comprised, I supposed, my court or retinue. De Lacy presented me to them with a flourish, and they all filed by and kissed my hand, then went to their places.  When Wrexler and I were seated, they too sat down. When I began to talk, they filled the hall with gay chat- tering. From a minstrel gallery at the other end of the room came soft strains of music.  De Lacy stood behind me pouring my wine. One thing I noticed was that in the whole room--and there must have been two hundred people at least--there      were no older men or women. In fact, de Lacy was the oldest of the lot; the others ranged from about sixteen to thirty.  "How did my father get all these people together?" I asked de Lacy.  "Most of them, my lord, were born at Rougemont. Still others were adopted and brought here almost as soon as they were born. None of us has ever been outside Rougemont gates." De Lacy was quite matter-of-fact as he made his statement.  Wrexler was searching the hall with his eyes, as he listened to my steward.   "And you?" I looked at de Lacy.  "I, too, my lord, know nothing of your outside world, nor do I want to. Why should I, who am happy here? My family live down at the farm, but his Highness, your father, became interested in me. He brought me into the château, had me educated, and looked after me, himself. Eventually he made me steward of Rougemont. It is a great honor he conferred upon me and I shall do my best to help you, my lord."  Of a sudden I saw what my father's life-work had been: to rear a court to people Rougemont, My father had been twenty-five at my mother's death. He had died at fifty-eight. He had had thirty- three years to make his dream come true.  "Where are the parents of the ones who were born at Rougemont?"  "At their own places, or the farms, my lord. Rougemont has over a thousand acres and several manors upon it, where people whom his Highness your father advanced over others, live. They all serve their ruler in some way, in return for what is given them. Only the people of the lodge are in touch with the Outside, which we have been taught to look upon with scorn. Here we have everything, and to be taken to the château itself is the ambition of everyone on the estate."