RED NAILS 339    in his thigh had started bleeding afresh, and he had another gash across his ribs.  "I will go!"  "No, you won't," vetoed Conan. "And you're not going either, Valeria. In a lit- tle while that leg will be getting stiff."  "I will go," volunteered a warrior, who was knotting a bandage about a slashed forearm.  "Very well, Yanath. Go with the Cim- merian. And you, too, Topal." Olmec indicated another man whose injuries were slight "But first aid us to lift the badly wounded on these couches where we may bandage their hurts."  This was done quickly. As they stooped to pick up a woman who had been stunned by a war-club, Olmec's beard brushed Topal's ear. Conan thought the prince muttered something to the war- rior, but he could not be sure. A few moments later he was leading his com- panions down the hall.  Conan glanced back as he went out the door, at that shambles where the dead lay on the smoldering floor, blood-stained dark limbs knotted in attitudes of fierce muscular effort, dark faces frozen in masks of hate, glassy eyes glaring up at the green fire-jewels which bathed the ghastly scene in a dusky emerald witch- light. Among the dead the living moved aimlessly, like people moving in a trance. Conan heard Olmec call a woman and di- rect her to bandage Valeria's leg. The pirate followed the woman into an ad- joining chamber, already beginning to limp slightly.   WARILY the two Tecuhltli led Conan along the hall beyond the bronze door, and through chamber after cham- ber shimmering in the green fire. They saw no one, heard no sound. After they crossed the Great Hall which bisected the city from north to south, their caution was increased by the realization of their      nearness to enemy territory. But cham- bers and halls lay empty to their wary gaze, and they came at last along a broad dim hallway and halted before a bronze door similar to the Eagle Door of Tecuhl- tli. Gingerly they tried it, and it opened silently under their fingers. Awed, they stared into the green-lit chambers beyond. For fifty years no Tecuhltli had entered those halls save as a prisoner going to a hideous doom. To go to Xotalanc had been the ultimate horror that could befall a man of the western castle. The terror of it had stalked through their dreams since earliest childhood. To Yanath and Topal that bronze door was like the por- tal of hell.  They cringed back, unreasoning horror in their eyes, and Conan pushed past them and strode into Xotalanc.  Timidly they followed him. As each man set foot over the threshold he stared and glared wildly about him. But only their quick, hurried breathing disturbed the silence.  They had come into a square guard- room, like that behind the Eagle Door of Tecuhltli, and, similarly, a hall ran away from it to a broad chamber that was a counterpart of Olmec's throneroom.  Conan glanced down the hall with its rugs and divans and hangings, and stood listening intently. He heard no noise, and the rooms had an empty feel. He did not believe there were any Xotalancas left alive in Xuchotl.  "Come on," he muttered, and started down the hall.  He had not gone far when he was aware that only Yanath was following him. He wheeled back to see Topal standing in an attitude of horror, one arm out as if to fend off some threatening peril, his distended eyes fixed with hyp- notic intensity on something protruding from behind a divan.  "What the devil?" Then Conan saw