The Doors of Death By ARTHUR B. WALTERMIRE  A strange and curious story is this, about a banker whose only fear was that he might be buried alive, like his grandfather before him     A HEAVY stillness hung about the great halls and richly furnished rooms of Judson McMasters' res- idence, and even seemed to extend out over the velvet lawns, the shrub-lined walks and sun-blotched reaches under the lacy elms and somber maples.  Biggs glided about the sick-chamber like a specter, apparently striving to keep busy, while he cast countless furtive, un- easy glances at the heavy figure under the white sheets. An odor of drugs and fever tainted the air, and a small walnut table near the flushed sleeper was laden with the familiar prescription bottle, tum- bler and box of powders. On the wall behind the table, near the head of the bed, hung a small oil-painting of Na- poleon.  The sleeper stirred restlessly, raised himself painfully and slowly, and at- tempted to seek fleeting comfort in a new position. At the first movement Biggs was a shadow at the bedside, deftly man- ipulating the coverings and gently aiding the sick man with a tenderness born of long service and deep affection. As the massive gray head sank into the fluffed pillow the tired eyes opened, lighted by a faint glint of thankfulness. Then they closed again and the once powerful body relaxed.   With a pitiful, wistful expression on his aged face, the faithful Biggs stood helplessly peering at the sick man until hot tears began to course down his fur-      rowed cheeks, and he turned hastily away.  "Biggs!"   The voice, still strong and command- ing, cut the semi-gloom like a knife.  Biggs, who was about to tuck the heavy curtains still more securely over the win- dows, whirled as though he had touched a live wire, and in a flash was across the great room and beside the bed.  "Did you call, sir?" His voice quav- ered.  "No"--a faint twinkle lighted the sick man's eyes--"I just spoke."  "Ah, now sir," cried the overjoyed Biggs, "you are better, sir."  "Biggs, I want some air and sunshine."  "But the doctor, sir--"  "Drat the doctor! If I'm going to pass out I want to see where I'm going."  "Oh, but sir," expostulated the old servant, as he parted the curtains and partially opened a casement window, "I wish you wouldn't say that, sir."  "I believe in facing a situation square- ly, Biggs. My father and grandfather died from this family malady, and I guess I'm headed over the same route."  "Please, sir," entreated Biggs.  "Biggs, I want to ask you a question."  "Yes, sir?"  "Are you a Christian?"  "I try to be, sir."  "Do you believe in death?"  Biggs was thoroughly startled and con- fused.  "Why--a--we all have to die, some-   354