WEIRD TALES 377    ence by waving his skinny arms above his bead and crying out in a voice of rap- ture, "Gott sei gedankt! I am myself again! I feel I am!" Nor was the amaze- ment lessened when the student, spring- ing to his feet, burst into the same cry, and tke two performed a sort of pas de joie in the middle of the road.  For some time after that people had some suspicion of the sanity of both the actors in this strange episode. When the professor published his experiences in the Medicalschrift as he had promised, he was met by an intimation, even from his colleagues, that he would do well to have his mind cared for, and that another such publication would certainly consign him to a madhouse. The student also found it wisest to be silent about the matter.  When the worthy lecturer returned home that night he did not receive the cordial welcome which he might have      looked for after his strange adventures. On the contrary, he was roundly up- braided by both his female relatives for smelling of drink and tobacco, and also for being absent while a young scapegrace invaded the house and insulted its occu- pants.  It was long before the domestic atmos- phere of the lecturer's house resumed its normal quiet, and longer still before the genial face of von Hartmann was seen be- neath its roof. Perseverance, however, conquers every obstacle, and the student eventually succeeded in pacifying the en- raged ladies and in establishing himself upon the old footing. He has now no longer any cause to fear the enmity of Madam, for he is Hauptmann von Hart- mann of the Emperor's own Uhlans, and his loving wife Elise has already pre- sented him with two little Uhlans as a visible sign and token of her affection.    BACK COPIES Because of the many requests for back issues of WEIRD TALES, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. .... Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. .... May May May May June .... June June June .... July July July July Aug. Aug. Aug. Aug. .... Sept. .... Sept. Sept. Sept. Oct. .... Oct. Oct. .... Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. .... These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.