ISLE OF THE UNDEAD 269    It was sticky with blood. He stood there, weaving from side to side, trying to recall something. . . .  As memory came, he groaned. Vilma! He had last seen her racing madly toward Corio, lured by his damned horn. It was daylight now; the sun had risen at least an hour ago. An hour--with Vilma gone!  Shaking his head to clear it, and grit- ting his teeth at the pain, he stalked along the wall. Turning the corner he strode on toward the crooked steps. The life- less terrain reeled dizzily, but he went on resolutely. The pain in his head was fading to a dull ache; and as he mounted the steps, strength seemed to flow back into his legs. With every sense taut he passed into the gloom of the castle.  A quick glance he cast about--saw the body of Starke lying where it had fallen. No use to examine it; there was no life there. His gaze swept up the slope of the stairway to the altar at its head, lingered on the phosphorescent eye of light still glowing there. Then he shrugged grimly and moved on to the doorway in the wall. Warily he peered in.  As his eyes adjusted themselves to the greater darkness, he saw a narrow stair- way leading downward into a shadowy corridor. Somewhere in the tunnel's depths a faint light shone. He could see nothing more. He moved stealthily down the damp, dank stairs.  At the bottom he paused, listening. He could hear nothing. A hundred feet ahead, the corridor divided in two; a burning torch was thrust in the wall at the junction. Cliff nodded with satisfac- tion. Corio must be somewhere near by; for only a human needed light.  Silently Cliff strode along the corridor. At the fork he hesitated, then chose the right branch, for light glowed faintly      along that passageway. The other led downward, black as the pits of hell.  A doorway appeared in the wall ahead, and he moved warily, with fists clenched. Flickering torchlight filtered into the cor- ridor. There was no audible sound. Now Cliff peered into a small chamber, and gasped in sudden horror, his eyes staring unwinkingly at a spectacle incredibly pitiful.  Here were the passengers of the Ariel, whitely naked, and lying in little groups on the cold stone floor, huddled together for warmth. Their faces turned toward Darrell as he stood in the doorway, but there was no recognition in the vacuous eyes, no thought, no intelligence, and little life in the wide-mouthed stares. It seemed as though their souls had been drained from their bodies with their blood.  Sickened, Cliff turned away, cursing his own helplessness to aid them, cursing Leon Corio who was responsible for their plight. Black wrath gripped him as he moved on.  Again the corridor branched, and again he kept to the right. Suddenly he halted, ears straining. He heard the sound of a voice--the hollow voice of Corio! It came faintly but clearly from a room at the end of the passageway. Cliff went forward slowly.  "And so, my dear," Corio was saying, "we entered into a pact with the-- Master, a pact sealed with blood. In exchange for our lives we three were to bring other humans to this island for the feasting of the dead-alive. Every third month each of us must return with our cargo when the moon is full; and since we come back on alternating months, they have a constant supply of fresh blood. Usually some of our captives live from full moon to full moon before they become like those of the galley--the un- dead Some of these we waken when it