Two in a Fog 17 straight at Melina- "there's every- thing handy for you if you get tired and want to rest. There are clean sheets on the bed, clean towels on the rack, and pajamas, slightly big, but serviceable if you want to sleep." Melina looked at the clock on the mantel. Why, it was almost mid- night already! She should be in bed now, getting ready for to-morrow's work. "I think, if you don't mind," she ventured, "I'll take a nap." Erin came over and took her arm, his hand somehow compelling arrest. "Is there any one you should notify?" he wanted to know quietly. She shook her head, feeling some- thing warm and comforting steal into her heart. "No one at all." She went into the other room just as Jada reached Erin again and drew his arm close about her waist. "Can't you find a place for Rod to nap a bit?" she cooed. "Then you and I could talk." Melina heard Erin O'Moore laugh softly just before she closed the door. And because it was the tolerant laugh of one who brushed away a persistent insect, Melina was some- how glad. She looked about the bedroom. It was typically masculine the dark furniture that was severe yet com- fortable, the wide windows with tailored curtains, and off to one side, a sedate bath done in black and white. Melina slipped off her dress and hung it carefully on a rack. Then she went into the bathroom to luxuriate in steaming hot water and faintly scented soap. Later, feeling refreshed and ready for sleep, she entered the room to find Jada curled up on the foot of the bed, surveying her nails. After a moment, she looked up and stared shrewdly at Melina. Then she smiled slightly. "So you're a working girl," she murmured. Melina disliked her intensely. She knew it definitely, how. "Yes," she returned shortly, thinking how very beautiful the other girl actually was. In the mir- ror she could see her own reflection and to herself she looked plain and shiny-faced. "I don't suppose you make an awful lot?" Jada went on. "I mean, you wouldn't turn up your nose at making a bit- of extra money, would you?" Faint alarm rang somewhere within Melina. She stood quite still and watched Jada through the glass. "What do you mean?" she asked sharply. Jada uncoiled herself and stood up. "If I made it worth your while, would you get out of here? No, I'll put it this way: Get out, and I'll - make it worth your while." She looked at Melina boldly, challeng- ingly. And if you don't get out, well, it won't make much difference." Melina brushed her hair mechani- cally while a string of bewildered thoughts rushed through her mind. "What for?" she demanded bluntly. "Why should I risk break- ing my neck in this fog?" Jada drew in a sibilant breath, and her eyes were pieces of yellow flint. "I don't know why I bother to ex- plain," she said icily, as if Melina were too insignificant a person to ad- dress at all. "It just happens that I want to be alone with Mr. O'Moore, and you are in my way. Now, do you understand?" Challenging yellow eyes glared at her insolently. But somehow, Melina wasn't much impressed. "Oh," she drawled, "so that's the LS-2F 