Heartless Flirt 79 down the corners of her lovely red lips. For the first time in weeks she felt free to walk where she pleased, knowing that Paul Cartier wouldn't leap out at her from the oddest places, shouting childish threats to kill himself unless she married him. And now Carl was spoiling everything! "I hoped for a breathing spell now that Père Cartier has dragged his neurotic offspring back to France," she sighed, dropping her small head, its lovely wealth of hair as black and sleek as the skin of a wet seal. "I do wish you'd stop being serious, Carl. I'm not in love with you or with any one. And I won't marry you for your money." His laugh was harsh enough to draw her startled gaze. "You may change your mind when the new prosecuting attorney starts in. He threatens to put your stepdad in the bread line or behind bars." Reine stopped and swung squarely to face him. Her cheeks were scar- let with anger. Small hands clenched and thumped the air. "He's an idiot! Sam Hollis isn't crooked. He helps put men into public office because he believes in them, and not for personal gain." "The prosecutor doesn't think so. He says-" "I know what he says," she inter- rupted sharply. "I've listened to his broadcasts. His official investiga- tions will prove him wrong." "He's after the machine that Sam helped- well, the political machine that it has taken years to build up. I hope they take the meddling fool for a ride," he finished viciously. "You're talking like a dime thriller, Carl." She began to hum a gay song and started across the lawn to join the laughing group on the terrace. Suddenly the song died on her lips; the power to move seemed to desert her. She was conscious of nothing but the tall, broad-shoul- dered man with the slim hips and trim build of an athlete who stood talking to Francine Adair. While she stared at him, he smiled, his teeth showing dazzling white in contrast to the deep bronze of his face. Life flowed back into her limbs. She moved forward, into the sun- patched shade of silver poplars, looking dainty and lovely in the coral-colored chiffon frock, a floppy white garden hat dangling from one hand. "Who is that man?" she asked Carl. He followed her gaze and laughed as though at a secret joke. "That, my sweet, is Bart Anders, the new prosecuting attorney." Her breath caught in her throat, "What is he doing here?" "I wouldn't know!" He laughed derisively. "He came here the day after you left for town, rented the Miller bungalow and joined the crowd. His mother and Mrs. Lam- son were schoolgirl friends." "Does he know that Sam lives in Crest Cove?" "He's after information, if that's what you mean. Good thing Sam is staying in town with dad for a while." Amy Lamson called out a gay greeting. "Reine, darling, so glad you're back!" She added, "You look just like a lovely little girl standing there." "As if she didn't know it," Fran- cine Adair flung in tartly, drawing a few scattered snickers. Francine had lost Carl Trueman to Reine and resented it. Reine scarcely heard her. She 