The Friend In Need 151 The next time my mother-in-law came to see me I told her just what I thought of her. I forbade my two children to go near her, as she used to take them to her house and talk to them about me. I told her never to step inside my door again. I tried to be her friend, but she didn't want me. So I made up my mind not to care for her company; she doesn't seem to know what friendship is, anyway. She has caused me only heartache ever since I've known her. As for my husband, he does not drink or smoke, and is trying to be a man. He tells me that he loves me, and that he had never really loved any other girl before, but I don't feel the same toward him. I used to think there was no other man like him, until I found this out. I am only twenty-four now, and I hate to think that my marriage is spoiled. Do you think I did right to refuse my mother-in-law to see my children? Every time she came she was looking for an argu- ment, and meddling in my affairs. Miserable Bertha. Whenever anything happens to disillusion us about some one we love, life and love never seem quite the same. But it does not mean that we must give up hope of ever finding a measure of happiness. It is indeed regrettable when in- laws do not give two young people a free hand in working out their own marriage problems. Sometimes in- laws try to be helpful, but their de- sire to help seems to turn into defeat. And sooner or later other elements creep into a relationship that might otherwise have remained tolerable. While it was not commendable on your husband's part to have evaded the responsibility of his former romance, the fact that it all hap- pened before you met and married him should enable you to stay and give him another chance for your children's sakes. No matter what the past may have been, if a man tries to play fair, he deserves an opportunity to prove that he is sincere. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am desperately in need of a friend's advice, and as I have no mother to turn to, I hope you will help me. I can't remember any real happiness in life until a short while ago. I am twenty. At sixteen I married, not for love, but to be independent. But my marriage lasted only three months, and then I was a divorcee. A year later I married again, but I only spent seven dreadfully unhappy months with a man any woman could have. It ended up by his beating me to the extent of putting me in the hospital, where I stayed for almost four months. Of course, I sued for divorce when I got out. By this time I was heartsick, disap- pointed, and life seemed a failure. How- ever, three months after my second divorce I met an old school chum of mine, and a week later we were married. For six weeks we were divinely happy. Then I was rushed to the hospital for an emergency operation. While I was ill, my husband met a woman, let her drive my car, and gave her a valuable diamond ring that belonged to me. Several weeks after I came home I caught them in my car. However, I wanted to make a success of the marriage and did not try to cause trouble. A month later my husband took the money I had to pay the hospital bill. My grandfather had given me this money, as my husband was out of work. I later found out he'd lost his job because he had stolen money where he worked. Once more I was granted a divorce. For the past eight months I have lived alone without faith in the future. Have I been the cause of all my failures? I hardly think so. Here is my present problem. Just be- fore Christmas I met a very charming chap. He's only a year older than I. We were constantly together for ten days, then he returned to his job in another city. I visited him for five days and have just re- turned. However, my mind is in a turmoil. I am deeply in love for the first time, and have dropped all other friends since I first met this man. But he has heard con- siderable talk about my past. There's al- ways some one to make my story a bigger one than it really is. Now he is very sus- picious and jealous of me. He has told me he could really love me, if he dared. But he doesn't want to be hurt, and he doesn't completely trust me. If he only knew the heartaches and un- 