Midnight Madness 41 anxiously into his face. "I was so terribly worried, I felt that I sim- ply had to come and see how you were to-day, my dear." "I'm all right," he told her, a touch of restraint in his voice. She made no reply. Suddenly, as their eyes met, he bent toward her. "Gina," he said, his hand closing over her wrist, "last night- Where were you?" "What do you mean?" she asked, and something she could not define stopped her from saying more as she gazed into his troubled face. He released her, passing one hand over his eyes. "Last night, I had a strange dream," he told her. I was alone in my room and had fallen asleep by the fire. Suddenly, I woke up, and you were there, bending over me. You and I were there alone. I could have sworn, when I woke up this morning, that it was true." As she listened, her heart began to beat quickly with excitement. She was fond of pretending to be of the helpless, clinging type, the type which, she believed, appealed most to men; but in reality she had a brain which was as keen as a man's. She could grasp a thing in an instant. Now she saw what a chance his uncertainty gave her of getting the hold over him for which she had longed. The color flooded her face and then receded, leaving her deathly pale with excitement. For a moment longer, her eyes held his, then the heavily lashed lids fluttered down, veiling them from his sight. She spoke hardly above her breath, and yet every word she ut- tered fell clearly on the stillness. "Roger!" she murmured, her voice making a passionate caress of his name. "My dear! Suppose it was no dream, but a reality." "What are you saying?" he asked hoarsely. "How could you have been here?" "Don't you know the old proverb -that love laughs at locksmiths?" she asked. I knew you were alone. She slipped to her knees beside him. "My dearest, don't you understand? I knew you were alone -something stronger than myself forced me to run the risk to come to you. You won't blame me be- cause my love for you was so strong. Even though our love must always remain a secret, I do not care. To know that I belong to you is the greatest joy in the world, and noth- ing can take that from me." Kneeling beside him, she reached up her arms and, putting them about his neck, drew his face down to hers. Mechanically, his arm went about her shoulders, but he was aware of no quickening pulse beat, no thrill from the nearness of this girl, the very thought of whom had once had the power to set him ablaze. He had a strange feeling, of numb- ness, as though he had received a stunning blow, and he looked blankly at the lovely, alluring face so close to his. Then his brain cleared as though a great shaft of light had pierced it. At that moment, he knew that whatever he had felt in, the past for this girl, he did not and never had really loved her. The glamour of her spell was dead. He did not know where the knowledge came from; he dared not ask; he only knew that his discov- ery had come too late. Janice turned in at the lodge gates and saw a car a few yards ahead on its way to the house. 