Two in a Fog 15 He crossed the room slowly and flung open the door. Almost imme- diately, the air was filled with laugh- ter and a feminine voice, followed by a familiar masculine one. Melina turned her head automati- cally and looked straight into the amazed eyes of Rod! "Edward Erin O'Moore!" A lovely red-haired girl in pale-green satin dropped an ermine coat care- lessly on the floor to give both hands to the gray-eyed man. "You've treated me shamefully! Not a call, not a line, not a word-" Her glance slipped past him and fixed itself sharply on- Melina's frozen face. Something jealous and ugly flamed for a moment in the topaz eyes of the newcomer. "Oh! I'm so sorry, darling," she purred, coming into the room, eyes frankly surveying Melina. "If we had known we were intruding-" Erin O'Moore sauntered behind her. "Not at all, Jada my own. We're just hiding from the fog for a bit. This is Miss Spaulding- Miss van Dykerman." He looked obliquely at Rod, shifting uneasily - in the background. "I believe you know Mr. Landers." Melina smiled frostily. "No, I'm afraid not," she said clearly. "How do you do?" Jada slid gracefully onto the hearth rug, the faint light from the fire making her, hair sparkle, show- ing her skin to be even whiter than it appeared. "It's the fog that brought us in," she explained, narrowing her eyes seductively at Erin O'Moore. "We were on our way to the Ritz and the taxi bumped into a post at the cor- ner here. So here we are!" Melina's nerves tingled from the tip of her head to the end of her little toe. Rod here in the same room! Handsome and poised now, he was leaning against the mantel. "Hope you don't mind, old man," he was saying easily to Erin. "But Jada would have it that we drop in in on you." "Guess I can stand it," Erin drawled, and Jada laughed as though he had complimented her. Yet her eyes, when they sought Melina's, were cold and just a bit cruel. "And who are you, darling?" she demanded brightly. At the liquor cabinet, mixing drinks, Erin O'Moore paused and listened, his generous mouth grim. Melina looked down at the other girl. At some other time, perhaps, she might have felt ill at ease facing an obvious society girl. But now, somehow, it was a matter of no im- portance. "I'm a working girl," she said smoothly. "You should try it some- time. It's good for the figure." Jada stiffened, and the smile wreathing her lips grew just a bit forced. "I don't think my figure needs it," she cooed. "Do you think so, Erin?" He came over with two tall glasses. "What, reducing?" He raised his brows. "Well, a bit off the waist might help." Jada flushed darkly and drank half her high ball in a furious, gust of anger. Rod's eyes darkened and his lips, too, tightened in anger ranger at Melina. She caught him glaring at her when she lifted her eyes indif- ferently to his face. "What's the matter, Mr. Landers," she asked coolly. "Did your drink go down the wrong way?" "Erin O'Moore laughed suddenly and went to turn on the radio. "I think a bit of music might 