22 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Dykerman. The object of your affections has neglected to remain." Jada whirled to face the door. "Oh! You- you little-" she screamed, just as a thundering knock sounded on the door and an authoritative voice demanded: "Open in the name of the law!" Melina looked questioningly at Jada. "Shall I, or will you do the honors?" Jada grabbed up her dress and flung it about her shoulders. Then she flounced into the bedroom. Melina crossed to the door and flung it open on two policemen. "What's going on in here?" the first one growled. "We heard a woman yelling." Melina raised her eyebrows. "Really?" She seemed amazed. "You must have made a mistake in the house, officer. No one screamed in here." She stepped back from the door invitingly. "You may come in if you wish and look around." The first officer looked at the sec- ond, who shrugged. "Well"- the spokesman touched his cap- "we won't come in, but we won't be far away in case it comes again. We ain't taking chances to-night, what with the fog and all." Melina closed the door behind them and leaned weakly against it for a moment. "Get out of my way!" Jada sailed into the room, Her dress on again. And behind her stalked Rod, un- comfortably wet and angry. He refused to even look at Melina, going straight for his hat and coat and flinging them on hastily. Jada threw her ermine about her shoul- ders and tossed her head. "Are you coming, Rod?" she de- manded harshly. Together, they marched through the door. Melina was alone then in the quiet room alone and wondering. What had happened to Erin O'Moore? "Psst!" A faint hissing drew her attention to a corner near the win- dows that was in deeper shadow than the rest of the room. "Who- what- who's there?" she called nervously, beginning already to back away toward the door. "Are we alone?" It was Erin O'Moore's voice! And while she looked around, he stepped from be- hind one of the red drapes, his black hair more tousled than ever, and a devilish twinkle in his eyes. "Glory be!" he laughed softly, coming over to her. "To think that a son of Ireland should find himself running away hiding from a slip of a girl!" Melina dropped suddenly into the nearest chair, conscious of a strange weakness about her legs. "I think," she said weakly, "I'm going to faint." He was at her side in an instant, sober, anxious. "Darlin', don't do that. I didn't mean to frighten you. Come, look at me." Her head slid to his shoulder as if it had the right to be there. And when she lifted her lashes, she could look right into his eyes. "What happened?" she wanted to know wonderingly. His eyes twinkled again. "Jada pulled a beautiful scene, worthy of a better cause. All about love and how no one would get me- you know the sort of thing." Melina nodded. "And when she started pulling off her things, well I just disappeared." A tiny chuckle began to ripple up in Melina's throat. "You should have seen her face when I came in!" He was serious then, his eyes somber. "What did Rod do to you in there? I heard no sound." Melina edged away from him. 