Midnight Madness 51 what you intend to do?" he asked, as the lunch was drawing to an end. "If you are to make a career for yourself, it would be much better for you to be free. You're in touch with Greville, I suppose?" She shook her head. "No. I- I wanted to wait un- til--" "You could prove that you were independent," he finished for her. "Well, you're safe now. If anything should happen to this play which, however, I believe will be a success I can always manage to see that you have work." She gave him a level look. "Why should you interest your- self so much in me? It is very good of you, but-" "I believe in you," he broke in shortly. "If you really want to work, I believe there is a big career in front of you. I can't think why you never turned your thoughts to the stage before. Look here"- he bent a little nearer to her- "you must be sensible. Put Roger Gre- ville out of your mind altogether. He isn't worth a second thought. You have some pride, haven't you?" "Should I be here if I hadn't?" she asked wearily. "You'd have been mad if you'd stayed to play second fiddle to Gina Mornington," he retorted with brutal frankness. "You knew that they were engaged before he mar- ried you? Anyhow, whether you free him or not, she doesn't care. She has him, and she means to keep him." Janice's hand resting on her knee beneath the table clenched, but she lifted her head with a reckless ges- ture. "You've seen her recently?" she asked. "A few days ago." He hesitated. "They're in town, going about everywhere together. You'll have to do something about it, Janice." "Yes," she repeated dully, "I'll have to do something about it." "Meanwhile, though"- he glanced at his watch- "we had better be getting back to the theater. Until after the opening, I want you to think as much of your part and as little about other things as you pos- sibly can. You must make good, Janice. I want you to, and I want from you what I have never cared to ask from any girl before- I want your friendship." "Surely, you deserve that," she told him. As he followed her out of the restaurant, Sefton Arlen was more puzzled about himself than he had ever been. He talked of friendship, but he knew that he wanted a great deal more than that. He wanted to win her and make her his own. If he failed, he knew that noth- ing in life would ever be worth hav- ing again. For the first time, he was afraid of failure. When Roger Greville realized that Janice was gone, he explained to the servants that his wife had been called away suddenly by the illness of a relative, and within a few hours he himself had packed up and de- parted. He had absolutely no idea of where Janice could have gone. He felt that she might have returned to New York, and it was with the vague hope of finding her that he went there himself. Somehow, he shrank from tracing her by the help of any of the de- tective agencies whose aid he might have called in. It was his belief that he had for- feited his right to claim her, to drag 