ADVERTISING SECTION Turn Junk Tires into Cash! Brand New Business Fully Pat'd This man is making a springy rubber mat worth $2.00 out of a Junk Tire that cost 5c Responsible men dropping everything to make sensational new Floor Mat. Simple hand machine slices old tire into strips. New patented process weaves them into thick, springy, long wearing FABRIX Mats--Big demand from factories, schools, stores, houses. 10c in raw material makes $2.00 mat, Think of the profit. COSTS NOTHING to get complete infor- mation showing how one man in each town can es- tablish local factory and make money from the start. Investment reasonable. Write today. All information is FREE FABRIX INC., Dept. 233 325 W. Huron Street, Chicago ANY PHOTO ENLARGED Size 8x10 inches or smaller if de-sired. Same price for full length or bust form, groups,, landscapes, pet animals, etc., or enlargements of any part of group picture. Safe return of original photo guaranteed. SEND NO MONEY Just mail photo or snapshot (any size) and within a week you will receive your beautiful life-like enlargement, guaranteed fadeless. Pay postman 47c plus postage - or send 49c with order and we pay postage. Big 16X20-inch enlargement sent C. O. D. 78c plus postage or 80c and we pay postage. Take advantage of this amazing offer now. Send your photos today. Specify size wanted. STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 104 S. Jefferson St. Dept. 765 C Chicago Old Money Wanted $2000.00 for 1c We pay the world’s highest prices for old coins, encased postage stamps and paper money. Large Copper Cents up to $2000.00 each, Half Cents $250.00, Indian Head Cents $50.00, 1909 Cent $10.00, Half Dimes $150.00, 25c before 1873 $3OO.OO, 50c before 1879 $750.00, Silver Dol- lars before 1874 $2500.00, Gold dollars : $1000.00, Trade dollars $250.00, 1822 $5.00 Gold Piece $5000.00, Old Paper Money $26.00, Encased postage stamps $12.00, Cer- tain Foreign Coins $150.00 etc. Don’t Wait! Send Dime Today for : our large illustrated list. ROMANO'S COIN SHOP Dept. 479, Springfield, Mass. REMINGTON PORTABLE ONLY 10c A Day Buy this beautiful brand new Rem-ington Portable No. 5 direct from the factory for only 10c a day! Standard 4-row keyboard, standard width carriage, mar- gin release on keyboard, back spacer, automatic ribbon reverse--every essential feature found in standard typewriters! Car-rying case and typing course free. Special 10~day free trial offer. You don’t risk a cent! Write Remington Rand Inc., Dept. 108-3, Buffalo, N. Y. Don't delay, Act N O W ! Checks Coming in Regularly "The checks have been coming my way regularly and average more than $150 apiece.* I owe all of my success to - N. I. A. Copy-Desk training and wouldn't sell the working knowledge it gave me for one million dollars because to be able to write sal- able material thrills me beyond Words." MRS. VIOLET J. BOSTIC 183 Second St., Idaho Falls, Idaho. In a letter dated January 7, 1935, Mrs, Bostic says, "I have just had another story accepted by True Detective Mysteries. My first check in the New Year, for $181.52." How do you know you can't WRITE? Have you ever tried? Have you ever attempted even the least bit or training, under competent guidance? Or have you been sitting back, as it is so easy to do, waiting for the day to come some time when you will awaken, all of a sudden, to the discovery, "I am a writer"? If the latter course is the one of your choosing, you probably never will write. Lawyers must be law clerks. Doctors must be internes. Engineers must be draftsmen. We all know that, in our times, the egg does come before the chicken. It is seldom that any one becomes a writer until he (or she) has been writing for some time. That is why so many authors and writers spring up out of the newspaper business. The day-to-day necessity of writing--of gathering material about which to write --develops their talent, their background and their confidence as nothing else could. That is why the Newspaper Institute of America bases its writing instruction on journalism--con- tinuous writing--the training that has produced so many successful authors. Learn to write by writing NEWSPAPER Institute training is based on the New York Copy-Desk Method. It starts and keeps you writing in your own home, on your own time. Week by week you receive actual assignments, just as if you were right at work on a great metropolitan daily. Your writing is individually corrected and constructively criticized. A group of men, whose combined newspaper experience totals more than 200 years, are responsible for this instruction. Un-der such sympathetic guidance, you will find that (instead of vainly trying to copy some one else’s writing tricks) you are rapidly developing your own distinctive, self-flavored style--undergoing an experience that has a thrill to it and which at the same time de- velops in you the power to make your feelings articulate. Many people who should be writing become awe-struck by fabulous stories about millionaire authors and, therefore, give little thought to the $25, $50 and $100 or more that can often be earned for ma- terial that takes little time to write--stories, articles on business, fads, travels, sports, recipes, etc.--things that can easily be turned out in leisure hours, and often on the impulse of the moment. How you start We have prepared a unique Writing Aptitude Test. This tells you whether you possess the fundamental qualities necessary to successful writing--acute observation, dramatic instinct, creative imagination, etc. You’ll enjoy taking this test. The coupon will bring it, without obligation. Newspaper Institute Of America, 1776 Broadway, New York. Newspaper Institute of America 1776 Broadway, New York Send me, without cost or obligation, your Writing Apti-tude Test and further information about writing for profit. Mr. Mrs. Miss Address............ (AU correspondence confidential. No salesmen will call on you.) 36C365 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 