Primitive Love 121 pumps and hose. Step on it, Bob- bie! Tell him to keep fighting." What happened after that was al- ways a dream to Bobbie- a feverish nightmare of incidents crowding one upon another, across the turbid background of a weary, confused brain. As they swung wildly into the circle of light that was their camp, dark, sweaty, soot-streaked figures flocked about them. Hands grabbed at Pitt and helped him to the ground, then at Bobbie. They were Tim's hands. He was naked to the waist. His thin, ribbed body heaved as he talked. Dried tobacco juice dripped with the sweat down the crevices of his chin. At Pitt, he croaked: "Great supe you are! Where you been? Nolan fired the gasoline tanks. If the blaze catches the false work; we're gone! He's crazy drunk. We got him tied up, down at the office." And to Bobbie, his tiny eyes gim- let holes in his nutcracker face: "Get up to the cottage an fix bandages and liniment and get a bed ready! That darned fool, yellow-haired friend of yourn- that gal from the city- she's hurt. She found Nolan and give the alarm, just as he set off the pump, and the flames got her. She's hurt bad. She-" And then the old man was crying, his face twisting, the tears streak- ing his dirty cheeks: "The kid and the bridge the whole business!" he blubbered. "It's going to kill your pap, Bobbie! If Sandy was here, now, or Red! If they was fighting with me! If-" Bobbie caught his arm. "Look!" she cried. "Down by the river path, Tim! Look! They re coming -Red and Uncle Sandy and the whole McMaster crew!" They did come- trucks and chemicals, men and water pumps, hose and buckets. They swarmed over the place, flooding it. Red, sweat-streaked, his hair flaming crimson as the flames he fought, his bandages bloodstained and horrible, was everywhere, snatching single-handed at burning timbers, directing and giving cour- age to Tim's tired-out men, as well as to Tim, himself. And Sandy McMaster became "old Sandy himself" once more, swearing at the blazes as he fought against them. But Bobbie, back in the cottage where they had carried Honey- the doctor from the junction, Pitt and herself- neither saw nor heard. She was too busy. There was water to boil, oil-soaked clothes to hand to the doctor's motioning hand, instru- ments to sterilize. Pitt tried to help. He was useless. His hands shook like a baby's, his eyes were dimmed with tears. He found a chair beside Honey's bed and slumped there, his head in his hands, his eyes never leaving her small, pain-racked face. Daylight was breaking, when Bobbie, finding time to breathe at last, leaned against the balcony rail and stared down into the smoke- filled mists below. Behind her, Honey was still at last. Swathed in bandages, she lay, white as the pillows that held her. Pitt, on his knees beside her, had his dark head buried against her hand. The doctor was leaving. His voice was tired, but cheery. His eyes smiled. "She'll be fine," he said, "and she won't bear a scar. They taught us how to treat burns right, out at the front. She'll be as pretty as ever, once those bandages are off. Never fear." 