Midnight Madness 53 band and Gina Mornington were being seen everywhere together. As much as it was possible to do so, Roger Greville avoided Gina Mornington, and when she re- proached him for doing so, told her that he had a lot of business to transact. She accepted the explanation with a very bad grace, but she did not suspect that he had changed toward her. She believed she had won him back. By a lucky chance- a chance which she believed to have been born out of an illusion of his delirium -she had bound him to her. And she had gotten rid of Janice. Of one thing she was determined. That other girl should never come back into his life, though the pres- ent arrangement didn't suit her at all. Roger Greville refused to discuss his wife with her, and Gina did not know if he was aware of Janice's whereabouts or not. But she wanted the thing put on a definite footing. When the time came for the pro- duction of "Exiled Hearts" at the Star Theater, Janice faced her or- deal bravely. She was determined to succeed. She had so much at stake. Although the part she was play- ing was not a big one, it was very important, and she made the suc- cess of the play. The critics were unanimous in ac- claiming Janice Darling a find. She had beauty, talent, and what was more important, that elusive thing known as personality, and in her one big scene she brought the house down. She was a success! The next day, there were photo- graphs of her in all the papers, and when Roger Greville sat down to his breakfast, a photograph of Janice Darhng smiled up at him from the front page. He had found his wife! TO BE CONCLUDED. ENCHANTED GARDEN WALK in a garden enchanted Whenever I think of you- A garden of rainbow splendor, Prismatic, in color and hue; And somehow each flower resembles The beauty of your sweet face, And somehow the trees and bushes Portray your bewitching grace. Diana and Sappho and Psyche Are sculptured in marble there, Companioned by beautiful Venus, With whom they vie to compare; But somehow your beauty surpasses The statues of Grecian art, Because it is tender and human, And echoes the pulse of my heart. Franklin Pierce Cabkigan. 