160 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine I told my friend about it, and she said she had known for a long time that my husband was dating different women, but she just couldn't tell me because I was so wrapped up in him! As it often happens, by the time the wife finds out anything, every one else knows all about it. He was always good to me, and never objected to getting me anything I wanted. One-nigh I caught him talking to a girl on the street. He had told me earlier in the evening that he had to work that night. Then my husband left town, and didn't tell me where he, was going. This girl left the same day, although she came back in a week. My husband stayed away for al- most three weeks. Then I received a let- ter from him in which he said that he still loved me, and would send for me, as he was thinking of staying in that town. I didn't answer his letter, and when he came, back, I made up with him for the baby's sake, and because I still loved him with all my heart. I think it's too bad that some of us can't help loving a man- when we know he isn't worthy of our love. My husband still goes out on the aver- age, of two nights a week, but I don't be- lieve the excuses he offers. I can't seem to trust him any more. Girls sometimes call him up right here at home, and when he happens to be home, the minute he hears the girl's voice he hangs up and tells me there was no one on the line. Do you think I should break with my husband? We have lived with my father ever since I was married, and I really would have no place to go. I have no brothers or sisters, and have never worked. Although my father and my husband get along fairly well, my father wants me to leave my husband. He says he will take care of me and the baby. He is grieving over mother's death, and I won't have any one if he ever goes. He tries to comfort me by saying that if anything ever hap- pens to him there will be enough left to take care of the baby and me. Maybe all this sounds foolish, Mrs. Brown. But I just had to write and ask your opinion, and tell me what you think would be best for me to do. I'm really un- decided about leaving my husband. I sup- pose I feel this way because I still care. Mary de L. But don't you think, my dear, that it wouldn't be quite fair to saddle your father with the problem of taking care of you and the baby, when that is your husband's job? It is heartbreaking, of course, when a husband disregards his wife's love and devotion. But it would not ease your heartache if you were to break with your husband, if you love him as you say you do. It might help if you tried to reach a better understanding with him. His actions in the past were not at all commendable, of course. How- ever, if you appeared to trust him, it might have a favorable effect and, in time, you two could again find a satisfactory degree of happiness to- gether. You know, Mary, there is some- thing in the old saying, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained." Try to make yourself more attractive and interesting, and a little mysterious. It will be more effective than show- ing openly how hurt you are, and how hard it is for you to believe in him. LS-10F 