32 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine under bridge and other indoor ath- letics, I don't know!" "Are you going to start that again?" he groaned. His eyes went past her to the elevators. "How is your mother this evening?" This query set Beverly's teeth on edge. "And are you going to start that? Now suppose I ask about your parents? Then we'll inquire after each other's grandparents, and settle down to a cozy chat about the Civil War." "You're a brat!" he muttered. But there was a touch of embarrass- ment in his manner that made her take pity on him. "Mother asked me to tell her pub- lic that she will stay in her room this evening," she told him, keeping as close to the truth as possible. "Really?" His face lighted with apparent relief. It puzzled her. "That was her message. Can I help you to kill a lonely evening at dominoes or checkers?" Instead of being annoyed, he- broke into laughter. "You have a lovely sense of hu- mor. I like it," he asserted. "Let's declare a truce and go down to the grill and dance." "Fine!" she accepted enthusiasti- cally. They danced until near midnight. The hours passed like a roseate, rap- turous dream to Beverly. At last she had Gordon all to herself! He proved a delightful companion a perfect one, she thought. For she was gloriously, completely in love with him, and she admitted it to herself without reservation. And it seemed to her that his feeling toward her was more than casual. A man reveals so much when he looks in a certain way at a girl, keeps his eyes on her alone, trembles when his hand touches hers. As the evening wore on, they became a little graver, a little shyer with each other, as if deep emotions were surging within them. "Let's take a turn in the air," he suggested finally. They went out to the terrace and around to the deserted porch of the hotel. An intimate silence fell be- tween them as they gazed out over the moonlit waters of the lake. "I wonder what is at the end of that moonglade," Beverly mused at last. "Is it like a rainbow, do you think?" He looked at the long path of sil- ver stretching to the horizon. "No There's no pot of gold there. I'll tell you what I think: If we could, reach the moonglade's end, we'd find the, answer to our dreams. What would yours be?" She met his glance, intently chal- lenging. "I hope you won't laugh," she said. "What I'd want to find there would be just a home." "Just a home?" He stared in sur- prise. "Yes. It needn't be a big one, nor a grand one. But a home, a real home. You see, mother and I travel from hotel to hotel. She loves it, but I'm deathly tired of it. So I'dream of a home of my own." She was really afraid he might be amused. But he looked at her with deepening approval, and his voice was tender when he spoke. "I like that," he declared. "A home! But wouldn't you want some one to share it with you, Bev- erly?" He was gazing intently at her. A strange timidity assailed her, and she could not raise her eyes to his. How could she let him read what was so plainly written there? "You're asking too many ques- tions," she parried. "Suppose you answer one. What dream would you LS 2F 