82 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine loved the solitude, the feeling of be- longing wholly to herself. She stood for a moment on the bank, a scarlet patch of color against the rose-gold of the morning. Then she plunged in and swam for the raft, climbing over the edge just as a dark head bobbed up on the op- posite side. Bart Anders grinned at her. "Good morning," he greeted her easily. She drew a long breath and laughed. "You startled me! I never expected any one else to be swim- ming at this hour." He drew his bronzed body, garbed in black trunks, up beside her. They sat rocking in rhythm to the raft's movements, staring at each other with the frankness of children. "Aren't you up early?" She shook her red-capped head. "I always swim at this time. I love it. It's so still and beautiful. I feel as though I'm the only person in the world." "I know. It's a grand feeling, isn t it?" He stood up quickly. Etched against the background of brilliant morning sky and, dark water, head flung high, he looked like a young god. Great muscles rippled easily and gracefully beneath his bronzed skin. He stared down at her, and her heart cried out against the barrier between them. He would never trust her because of Sam, and be- cause some one had been cruel and jealous enough to brand her a flirt. She shivered, but not from cold. "Hadn't you better take your swim and go in?" he asked matter- of-factly. She jumped to her feet. With quick, graceful movements she reached the springboard, leaped high in the air and dived. She swam back, laughing, with the sheer joy of living. Her next at- tempt was a perfect swan dive. He applauded heartily as she climbed back on the float and rested on her back, arms tucked beneath her head. "You can dive," he complimented. "I had hoped to win the Crest Cove championship this year. Now I shan't even compete for it." "You're being nice, Mr. Anders. I didn't think you could be." She was sorry the moment she had said it. The friendly laughter left his eyes, which became gleaming disks of blue ice. His strong mouth stretched to a hard, straight line. "We can't gain anything by use- less discussion"- curtly. "You are privileged to live your life. I live mine." "But you're wrong about Sam, Mr. Anders- wrong about me, too. Only I don't suppose that's impor- tant." She hated the lie. It was impor- tant, what he thought about her - the only important thing in the world. "You're either very clever or very stupid, Miss Rogers," he flung in with spirit. She bridled. "Sam hasn't earned the things you've said about him." She shielded her betraying eyes with one hand. "Neither have I." "I'm not aware of having dis- cussed you with any one." "No. But you've listened to. silly gossip. It's the same thing." "You call a brokenhearted boy's attempt at suicide silly gossip?" Reine raised herself on an elbow. One slender hand reached-out, the fingers closing over, his strong brown wrist. There was appeal in her eyes and voice, and the quaver of tears. "I'll tell you the truth," she prom- ised. "I met Paul Cartier in France just before setting sail for home. He 