Midnight Madness 47 do you come from and why haven't I seen you before?" Somehow there was something about him which she instinctively liked, and it gave her courage. "Can I see Mr. Whitehouse?" she asked. "Yes," he answered good-na- turedly, "unless those lovely eyes of yours are quite blind." From his words, she gathered that this was the agent, Arnold White- house, himself. Five minutes later, she was sitting opposite him in his private office ex- plaining to him her desire to obtain work on the stage. He listened until she had finished. "I suppose you realize," he told her, "that you haye got a tre- mendous nerve. You come here, having had no professional experi- ence whatever, and demand a job in the most overcrowded of all the pro- fessions, and the most difficult to break into. What makes you think that you can act?" She hesitated. "Because I was told so, by a man who really knows," she finally con- fessed. "He offered to help me, but I don't want him to do so." The agent raised his brows. He could understand that quite a lot of men would be willing to help such a lovely girl. It was her beauty which had made him notice her just now, and he was used to lovely girls. He drew a big ledger toward him and, picking up a pen, asked a few brief, businesslike questions, noting down the answers. Then he rose and held out his hand. "Well, frankly, Miss er-" he began. "I forgot to ask your name!" Janice hesitated, then she remem- bered that her mother's maiden name was Darling and gave him that, with her own Christian name. "Janice Darling," he repeated, as he wrote it down. "Well, Miss Dar- ling, I don't hold out much hope of being able to do anything for you, but if you care to stop in the office every day, I'll keep you in mind if anything turns up." With that she had to be content. But, though for the next ten days she visited the office every day, she never received anything but the same greeting, one which she heard given to dozens of other girls: "Ab- solutely nothing to-day, my dear." She also tried other agents, with the same disappointing results, until she began to lose heart. Her visit to the agents took up only a small part of the day, and there was all the rest in which to think, and worst of all the long hours of the night, for she slept badly, and when she did sleep, it was to dream of Roger Greville. Try as she would to forget, she could not put him out of her mind. She knew that the time would come when she would have to com- municate with him, for, if their mar- riage was to be dissolved, he would have to know where she was; but she didn't want to let him know until she got work and could prove to him that she was independent. One day, driven by an uncon- trollable impulse, she climbed on top of a Fifth Avenue bus, and from her seat she looked down again at the spot where she had first encoun- tered Roger Greville. The bus stopped in front of the jeweler's shop, and as she gazed down, it seemed to Janice as though she was once again the plainly dressed girl who had found herself suddenly looking into a man's eyes. She knew now the meaning of the surge of emotion which had quick- ened all her pulses. 