110 Street &amp; Smiths Love Story Magazine was going to do, before she could reason or plan, her feet were carry- ing her up the river path which led to Red's camp. She was running as she never before had run in all her motherless, tomboy life- like a wild thing, through the weedy, knee-high grass. Honey knew that path. Red had taken them all over it to show them the dam. They had stopped at the bank of the diverted river overlook- ing the camp, while Red explained how, once the dam was finished, it was to be swung back into its old channel once more. That's where Honey would head for- that place above the camp. Something inside Bobbie told her so. It seemed to Bobbie that she could see Honey running too, terror- stricken, lugging her awful burden. Poor, foolish, love-crazed Honey! There were clouds in the sky- smoke clouds from those far-away fires- that covered the moon. Through them the stars peeped fit- fully, as though they, too, were afraid, and the night breathed itself into the croak of the frogs and the cricket's never-ending chirp. Stumbling over briers, stones and weeds, Bobbie had reached the rise of ground that led up to the newly made river bank, when she came on Honey, at last. She was lying face down in the dirt. The twist of dynamite sticks was beside her. A tangled line of fuse, soaked with dew, trailed like a white worm in the weeds. Her pretty white dress was a torn rag about her. She was crying, her shoulders shaking with the sobs that became words, to lose themselves with the medley of night sounds that filled the air. She heard Bobbie, and sitting up, turned to her a swollen face, that was beyond fear: "I can't do it! I can't! I thought I could blow up the old creek, and -and I can't! I don't know how to set it off! And I'm so scared!" She struck a match, and in its light, Bobbie saw that the ground was a litter of matches all about her. She made an effort to set the fuse to burning. It sizzled, splut- tered, and Bobbie ground it out be- neath, her boot. Snatching at Honey's shoulders, she yanked her upright, and shook her until reason came back into her blankly staring eyes. But with reason, there came to Honey something else- terror. It was a terror that swept her as the flood she had been trying so vainly to release, would have swept Red and his sleeping camp below. Watching her, Bobbie saw her try to scream. There was something un- speakably dreadful about the scream that died against dry, parched lips- something horrible, about the white-rimmed; wide- opened eyes, and the white, outflung hands that shielded her as she backed away down the path into the meadow below. Bobbie watched, her as she ran, her white dress billowing about her, like a straying moonbeam lost in the smother of the night. Standing where Honey had left her, Bobbie poked gingerly at the smudging fuse, touched with the tips of her boots the dynamite sticks in their- yellow wrappings. Dull anger gripped her. I'll have to gather this stuff all up and sneak it back into Tim's storehouse, she told herself. I'll have to shield Honey as I've shielded Red; I'll have to go on lying, pretending- Oh, I'm sick of it. I'm sick of everything!" She was still standing there, the dynamite sticks under one arm, a 