152 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine happiness I have been through since I was sixteen, he'd know I'd never hurt any one, regardless of how little they meant to me. Least of all the man who has made me want to make something of myself. He has given me a new hope, yet he breaks it down at times with an outburst of uncontrollable temper. Although he hurts me very deeply, I love him so ter- ribly much I forgive him immediately. How can I explain my unhappy past to him in such a way that he will be con- vinced I am really in love with him, and that I am willing to live on what he can offer me? We have decided to wait, but I can't stand this separation and his doubts when we are apart. I am true to him, and have no thought for any other man. Won't you please try to help a girl who thinks she has had more than her share of hard knocks? Ermine. It is hard to understand why it should, take any effort at all to con- vince your friend that you are really in love with him. Surely, having, been married and divorced more than once in search of happiness should not be held against you. I would suggest that you resume your former friendships, or make new friends, and do not cut your- self off from the companionship of other people. It is always a mis- take for any woman to drop every one simply because she has at last met the one man. Perhaps if your friend could not feel so sure of you, he would be less indifferent. There is no necessity for you to apologize to him for your previous marriages. If he really loves you, the past shouldn't matter. Dear Mrs. Brown: This is an answer to Socrates, who has such a biased opinion of girls. I hope you will find room to print it, as it is meant for Blue Barney, too. The things I'd like to say to you, Soc- rates, wouldn't look at all well on paper. But of all the conceited, boneheads you take the prize. Who do you think you are, giving out an opinion like that of all girls, just because you have met a couple who are out for a good time and nothing else? There are plenty of girls who don't go in for petting and drinking at all, and those who go in for excessive drinking and smoking are very much in the minority. If you had sense enough to look in the right places, you'd find your ideal. Of course you won't find her at the wild parties you speak of, cheap taverns, and places of questionable reputation. How could you? Certainly no girl who has any self-respect is going to be found in such places. And there are very few girls whom you will find sitting at home by the fire knitting socks for grandpa. All girls want to have a good time, naturally, but not the way you seem to think they do. There is much enjoyment in taking long walks through the country, going to movies and dances, and even sitting at home nights with a fellow who enjoys a friendly conversation. Personally, I think boys are to be blamed for what some girls are. Boys don't care a hang about a girl as long as they have a good time. If a boy takes a girl out and she doesn't consent to go to some dark spot to park and submit to his kissing and maul- ing, she is considered a flat tire. Frankly, I prefer being called a flat tire. With ideas like yours, you're nothing less than a simpleton. I could write a lot more in this letter, but I want it to be published. A Connecticut Stenographer. After reading a letter like the above, there seems to be little doubt that some young men get off on the wrong foot because of their egotism. Necking and petting may have been- yesterday's fun. But girls of to-day possess a goodly amount of common sense and the determination to stick to high ideals, in spite of the fact that they are going places and do- ing things. And here's another: Dear Mrs. Brown: If I were as narrow- minded as Socrates and Blue Barney, I might make an equally vicious statement about the conduct of most men. However, living in a big city has made me broad- minded enough to know that there are as decent men and women to-day as in our mothers days. I say that sincerely, al- though I've seen some very poor examples. I am a girl of twenty, and live in Chi- cago. I am considered verv good-looking and have a pleasing personality. I am also sensible and practical. But I must com- 