138 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine ure and entertainment will be important to you. If born between November 14th and 21st, you will find pressure relieved in comparison to past months and this week will bring many activities, the need to make financial decisions, and fresh opportunities. Everything you do at this time will re- flect upon your judgment and progress in the immediate future. Be confident. November 21st and December 20th (Sagittarius) -Sagittarians born between November 21st and 28th will have changes in con- nection with jobs and duties and adjust- ments in relation to employees and serv- ants. Home conditions will be annoying and there will be domestic pressure. If born between December 2nd and 9th, you should be careful about quarreling with friends. Take your social duties lightly. Employment conditions should be harmoni- ous, throughout the current seven days. If born between December 13th and 20th, you will have annoyances and petty wor- ries in the home and with domestic asso- ciates at this time, but personal reactions will be pleasant and more satisfactory than usual. Relations with those on the out- side will please you more than those im- mediately connected with your life. December 20th and January 19th (Capricorn) -Capricornians born between December 20th and 27th will find stability entering their lives and changes are in order. Ad- justments are advisable. Conditions can be made better for you than they have in the immediate past. Most of the favor- able results depend upon your own efforts. If born between January 1st and 8th, you will have a satisfactory social week, will find your intuition helpful, should not in- dulge yourself emotionally, but will have many pleasant experiences with those close to your heart. Upsetting conditions and the pressure of circumstances will invade the serenity of your business relations and care should be exerted in all dealings with those in superior positions. If born between January 12th and 19th, you will find your judgment good this week and decisions should be made. Relations with friends will be pleasing and contacts should be- made which are valuable to your interests. January 19th and February 19th (Aquarius) -Aquarians born between January 19th and 26th will experience changes and re- movals in connection with home, property and possessions. It is advisable to under- take a new regime and accept responsibility. There is pressure and a different kind of recognition of duty expected of you than you had the past two years. You will not be able to adjust matters to your com- plete satisfaction and you will have to work hard at all times. If born between Feb- ruary 1st and 9th, you will be busy and will have to stay close to your job and duties, but there will be opportunities for pleasure during the current week. If born between February 12th and 19th, some of the pressure will be relieved at this time and you can plan to expand in business and reestablish yourself in the public eye. You will have to make decisions this week in regard to your income and will find your mind responsive. February 19th and March 21st (Pisces) -Pisceans born between February 19th and 27th will be more serious and deliber- ate at this time, but will be restless and will see the advisability of reorganizing their lives. Do not procrastinate and do not be morbid. Work and recognize new op- portunities and make this a constructive period in your life. If born between March 2nd and 9th, you will have to be careful in dealing with partners and associates and must be patient with the uncertain and confusing factors in this direction. Your personal reactions will be pleasant this week and many phases of your life will be enjoyable. If born between March 14th and 21st, you will feel in an expansive mood this week and will be able to enjoy yourself and handle affairs efficiently. Do not devote too much time to recreation if it interferes with your program. and your advancement. THE STAR QUESTION BOX Miss E. M. P., born July 10, 1913, Con- necticut, 7:00 a. m.: Astrology can tell, you only the planetary conditions, and how you will be inclined. The will to do and how you take advantage of opportunities is up to you. I can see from your chart that it is difficult for you to make definite de- cisions and act upon your ideas. You have the capacity to do great things with your- self, but I believe your uncertain tempera- 