The Highest Law 9 One woman over in the corner was swearing like a gutter rat, and saying words I wouldn't a thought of using, though I could see she was a nice-look- ing old person, even if her thin wisps of white hair were tied back with a calico string. There was another woman right, be- side me who kept saying she was Queen Mary Stuart and that Elizabeth had no right to lock her up in a dungeon; and she kept, begging to be let out be- fore her head was cut off. "Booby hatch!" thinks I to myself, too sick and miserable to care a whole lot what they did to me or where they put me, or to be afraid of those crazy people. I'd heard of this place from Liz Dob- son, who took too much dope once and had been taken here for a cure, so I knew what I was in for; but nothing seemed to matter to me then--I just wished I was dead. Then I heard a faint, awfully pitiful sobbing at my right elbow, and twisting around, in spite of my bandaged arms, I saw, lying in the cot right beside mine, the black-haired girl Pete had brought in and claimed was his wife. I was so jealous, for a minute, I thought maybe she was his wife and that he had been deceiving me when we went through with the ceremony. But common sense told me that no woman of her kind would ever hitch up with him. I couldn't say just how I knew she was class, a real lady, for I guess we all looked alike in the un- bleached muslin slips they made us wear, and with our hair braided into tight little queues and tied with rags. But there was something different about this girl; anyway, something a lot different from me. She had great big, gray-blue eyes, that were staring right at me, even though the tears were running down her cheeks, cheeks that'll never be whiter when she's dead; and her hands, long and slim and tapering, were choked up against her mouth as if she was trying with every bit of her to keep from screaming out loud. I don't know much about crazy peo- ple, but she sure didn't look insane to me, and I knew Pete had some mighty good--or I guess I oughta say bad cause for having her shut up here. But of course I hadn't, the least idea in the world who she was. JUST as I about made up my mind to speak to her, a nurse in a blue uniform and white apron came along with a glass of medicine and said to her: "Here, Mrs. Grey, take this and you'll go to sleep." She never moved, and the nurse gave her shoulder a shove to attract her at- tention, "Mrs. Grey!" she said again. The girl looked up at her kinda startled. "Why do you call me Mrs. Grey?" she asked. "I've told you my name isn't Grey; it's Wallace." The nurse just held the glass closer, and said: "Come on, drink this; it doesn't make any difference what your name is!". "Oh, it does! It does!" the girl cried and began to sob out loud. "Won't you please tell Harry where I am? He'll be so worried! Please--please--please call up the Alcazar and tell him to come for me! Room Fourteen Four--please call him, won't you?" The nurse grabbed her then and forced the liquid down her throat, spill- ing it all over her gown. Then she made her lie back on the pillow, where the poor kid lay sobbing like a baby. 