My Road to the Stars 69 the open doorway, his face very grave. He had returned a day ahead of schedule and had come up that night to inquire about Ted. . . . Nora had told him of me. IT'S Gloria, you see--and she's come to take care of Ted!" I said warn- ingly, fearing he might blurt out my name for Ted to hear. Gunning motioned to me to follow him outside and we two stood under the gas jet in Nora Kelly's hall. Gun- ning grasped my arms firmly above the elbows. "By God!" he said, his chest heav- ing. "It's magnificent, but it isn't done! Still, you've shown me that we gave up too soon. I've been talking to Nora, and she's told me how you manage him. Now, you go back to Sallie to- night, and to-morrow we'll have a spe- cialist in and see if he doesn't change his mind about Ted." I forced myself to meet Gunning's eyes. "What- I'm doing for Ted is some- thing personal--I can't leave him." "We'll move him to a sanitarium -where he'll get the proper care." But even then I shook my head. "No sanitarium could take hold now--perhaps later when he is more lucid--" "You mean when he wakes up to the fact that you're not Gloria?" "Yes. You see, he loves her so ter- ribly that he does things to please her. He doesn't care for himself, but if she wants him to live, he'll try. It's very pathetic, Mr. Gunning"--my voice broke as I recalled the times when the man in the room back there promised to accomplish miracles if only Gloria Mundi would promise to stay beside him now. "And when he finds out that you're not Gloria?" I managed a little smile. "He'll be so much stronger that he'll fight on to show her he doesn't care." Peter Gunning swore under his breath. "Ever thought how all this could affect your future?" he asked presently. "My future?" I repeated stupidly. "Yes. How the man that some day you're going to marry will like it when he hears you lived in a room next to Bromley's with an open door be- tween--? ... Oh, you needn't look like that--of course I understand that you did it in the purest spirit of pity. But how many others will take that view?" I grew cold all over, but I kept my voice quiet. "I'm not thinking of marriage, Mr. Gunning." "Would you marry Ted?" He shot his question at me. "As Gloria Mundi?" But it was not the first time I had thought of such a thing. "You think you'd have no chance as Pamela Crowell?" "I know it." Peter Gunning suddenly clasped my hand so hard in his it almost hurt. Then he spoke again, and his own voice was husky. "It's splendid, my dear child, but we can't allow you to mess up your life in this way!" HE let me alone that night. He went back with me to Ted's room, and to my secret gratification Ted was more tractable than I had seen him since he had passed into my care. He knew Gunning, and he talked sensibly for awhile. But he soon tired and Gun- ning got up to go. 