Big and Brave as a Herring A Girl Stowaway's Daring on the High Seas "A feighter on a long voyage is no place for a woman," said the ship's captain to his tearful bride-to-be, at parting. But she, disguised as a boy stowaway, followed-and learned the truth of those words. I WAS to be married on the fifteenth of June that year, and there never was a girl who looked forward to her wedding day with happier anticipa- tion than I. Gordon Perry was a seafaring man and at the age of twenty-five already captain of a three hundred ton brig, the Mary Culver. He was enjoying several weeks' shore leave, while the Mary Culver was put up for repairs, so, quite naturally, we had selected this as the time for our wedding. I was all aflutter over the prepara- tions. Imagine, then, my dismay when on the seventh Gordon was summoned to take immediate charge of another ship bound for Havana and due to sail at dawn the next day. Rather than be married in haste, I postponed the wedding. But I was dreadfully disappointed-- it was so bitterly hard to be separated from Gordon just then. All at once, it came to me that if I were to accompany him on the trip there need be no parting. But he said decidedly that this was not to be thought of--a freighter on a long voyage was no place for a woman. But, being young and wilful and fearless--very much in love too, I did not give proper heed to his words. I DIDN'T go to sleep at all that night. Instead, I lay across my bed, chin propped upon both hands, trying to form some plan by which I might out- wit Gordon and sail to Havana with him, in spite of his qualms. Finally an idea came to me which made my cheeks burn with excitement. When everyone else in the house was asleep, I stole softly up to the attic and there, bv the light of a lamp, searched until I found the garments which suited my purpose. . . . Back in my room once more, I slipped them on. From shoes to jacket, I would easily have passed for my own brother. But above--there were the heavy braids of hair wound about my head. In a fever of haste, I hacked at the long locks until only a shaggy thatch like a boy's remained. A few streaks of lampblack upon cheek and chin, and I felt my disguise complete. Long before dawn, I crept out of the house, and, in the guise of a ragged boy, was picking my way toward the London docks. 13 