74 My Road to the Stars "Bromley was operated upon to-day, chief, and he's going to get well." "No good reason as far as I can see for you and Miss Crowell to be embrac- ing. You know I won't stand for that sort of thing between my actresses and their directors." Peter Gunning had been a high- priced director when Bryam Hogan was still making soap, and I wondered how he would take the insult hurled at him in this fashion. He answered: "No? I suppose you think yourself entitled to a monopoly on that sort of thing." Hogan's temper blazed up. His fists were readier than his tongue, and now he lunged out and struck with terrific force. I expected to see Peter Gunning crumple under such a blow, but to my surprise he got to his feet. The next moment they were fighting like mad. I screamed; my overwrought nerves could not stand the sight, and the next moment the tiny office was crowded with onlookers. Hogan and Gunning were separated but not pacified. "Come on outside and we'll finish this!" Gunning was breathing heav- ily; one eye was closed, but he was eager to continue the fight. Hogan seemed to have enough. "We'll settle it in my office," he re- torted. "This will cost you your job!" "Not necessarily. Nothing in my contract about personal rows. But I'm leaving when my year is up--don't care for the atmosphere here." Sallie pushed through the group of men. She had a bottle of witch hazel in her hand and a towel. FIRST AID!" she cried. One of the other girls took me away, and after a time, Sallie came to me there. I was lying in an easy chair, my head throbbing and my thoughts confused, but Sallie helped me to dress and called a taxi to take us to the ferry. On the way down, I pulled myself to- gether and asked: "Will Pete really lose his job?" "Lord, no," Sallie returned cheer- fully. "What's a black eye or two in a studio! But Pete is leaving, anyway, when his contract expires and I shouldn't, wonder if he took us with him. I'm for Pete, every day in the week!" I was too and I hastened to say it. The news from the hospital con- tinued hopeful, but of course they wouldn't let any of us see Ted. At the studio work went on without any reference to the fight. But the next afternoon, as I was leaving, I passed by the anteroom to Hogan's office and the door was open. Hogan was inside and he called to me. I had to stop and obey a rather per- emptory summons to step in. I had seen the chief's den before, but a glance around made me realize the room looked singularly empty. Gloria's pictures had all disappeared. The ones that had hung on the walls, and those on the desk, even the colored photographs mounted in silver, were gone. Perhaps her rumored desire to become the next Mrs. Hogan had found no echo in the chief's wishes. Hogan was sitting in front of his desk. He motioned me to a chair. I preferred to stand, to make the inter- view as brief as possible. But that was not his plan. Before I realized his intention, he had reached out, swung me up on the flat- topped table before him, and held me there with his hands clinching my shoulder. 