The Love That Kills By a Doctor's Wife A soul-searching confession of the woman who was to blame for the gradual disintegration and final ruin of the man she loved--a human document that should serve as a warning. I AM a good woman, tender, kind, and sympathetic, heartbroken at sight of pain. From childhood I have wept at sight of an animal in dis- tress and have hurried to relieve it; have picked insects out of the water that I saw struggling, because I could not bear to see them suffer. And yet, deliberately, with inten- tional and systematic cruelty, I drove my husband eventually to his death. Setting this down in words is the hardest thing I have ever attempted. It is like wrenching out a wall, disclos- ing ugly, crawling things behind it that cry out at the light. I have never con- fided in anyone. I could not unbare my guilt. But now I am going to do it. My friends do not dream of my secret gnawing at my heart. They sympa- thize with me in my loss, speak of how grief-stricken I am, how greatly I must have loved the man whose name I bore, with whom I lived for fifteen years. Fifteen years! I had a long time in which to work my will. And I loved him, more than any- thing in the world. That is the ter- rible tragedy of it all. I loved him. Because of that, I made him suffer. I am sorry, sorrier than I can ever tell, now that it is too late to undo what has happened. But I went on; I could not stop, until I had killed that which I held most dear. I had no cause--no excuse. He was faithful, and he loved me only. That is what tortures me now, the knowledge that he loved me, in spite of every- thing! Are there women like me, I wonder, who deliberately hurt the ones they care for most, who find a kind of terrible pleasure in seeing that they can hurt those they love? Is it because it proves their power, and thus is the source of a kind of morbid, cruel satisfaction? Oh, if anyone who reads this is doing the thing I did, ill-treating by words or deeds one she loves, I implore her to stop, before it is too late to make amends, to do more than cry out, with empty arms, as I am doing now: "God forgive me!" My husband was a physician, eight years older than I, of great gifts, and 62 