72 My Road to the Stars that you've done a lot for Ted Brom- ley, and Bryam Hogan isn't the type of man who can believe in disinterested friendship. If you gave Ted--well, de- votion--why shouldn't you give some to him? My tip is, smile sweetly at Hogan and keep your distance. And keep out of the Glory of the World's way--she's bent on raising the deuce." BUT the day before Ted was to be operated upon, as accident would have it I ran into Gloria in the narrow corridor on which our dressing rooms opened. She stopped me with: "One moment, Miss Crowell!" I was too wrought up over Ted's con- dition to fear the woman who looked at me with a baleful fire in her dark eyes. Even then I could admire her beauty, and I found it hard to believe that she had sprung from the dregs on the lower East Side and climbed by her own ef- forts to the top of her profession. Tall and slender and willowy, with long graceful arms, a superb head crowned with thick masses of blue-black hair, long dark eyes shaded by thick black lashes, a wide, curved mouth, and two rows of white teeth that were so even people were apt to think them false-- this was the woman I had thought to depose from her pedestal in Ted Brom- ley's heart. What had I to offer in comparison with her beauty, like that of a full-blown rose? Sadly I told my- self no man could turn from Gloria Mundi to me, unless she were willing to let him go and he found relief from her cruelty in my humble love! She was wearing a gorgeous em- broidered kimono, rose satin embroid- ered in gold and silver dragons, which set off her brilliant loveliness. I had on a short khaki skirt, stained and torn, a silk shirt with a handkerchief knotted about my throat--the costume I wore in "The Playmate." Her eyes ran over me and rested for a moment on my hands, my poor scarred hands which still showed signs of rough work. She smiled, a hard brilliant smile, and I braced myself for her attack. "What do you think all this posing is going to get you?" she demanded in a voice which was the only thing that betrayed common origin. "Posing?" I repeated. "Never mind the pretense. You're welcome to Bromley--Gawd knows I never was serious in stringing him along. He had an idea he could write a masterpiece for me, but of course that was a pipe dream. I hear you pretended to be me--I could sue you for that I guess, but I'll let it pass. But now not content with trying to replace me with Ted, you want to worm your way into Bryam Hogan's good graces. I want to warn you, you can cut out trying to copy everything I ever did. The chief didn't take you on to be my under- study. Get me?" Her face convulsed with such a look that I feared personal violence. "And please get me, Miss Mundi," I answered coldly, dropping into her method of speaking, "I don't covet your place with Mr. Bromley or with Mr. Hogan. I think the studio is big enough for each of us to go our own way, and the less we see of each other the better pleased I'll be." I was too exasperated to be conciliatory, and to my amazement she stared back at me, as much surprised as if one of the supers had dared to defy her. "Think a lot of yourself, don't you?" she sneered. I attempted to pass, but she seized hold of me and her fingers hurt 