54 Seed of Hate Auguste jealously watched their ani- mation and ringing laughter. Then Philippe spied him, whispered something to young Bosquette. They eyed him sharply as he passed. The hot blood of shame and defiance rose to my cheeks at this! "Even so, he's better than they," I thought. "Was he to blame for any- thing?" THEN I watched Auguste turn slowly from the road, following the softer meadow path, and then up the rocky incline to the blasted walls of M. de la Chaubriand's chateau. Since the Great War, the village had been entirely rebuilt with the excep- tion of this ancient pile. During the years its yawning ruins were to stand as a miserable witness of France's martrydrom. Here was my Auguste's favorite re- treat; here he found his only friends, for the birds at least sang for him. I turned from the window. And that Sunday afternoon I recalled the day, a year or two before, that he came running in. It seemed a couple of rollicking girls driving cows from the meadows had snapped their fingers at him, jeering, "Bah! You little boche!" It had been keen sport for them. Wondering, my Auguste had come home and asked me for an explanation. "N'importe!" I had replied coldly. "Hurry with the cow now." We had a sickly one in the south pasture then. And then one day M. Fontaine, the schoolmaster, had dropped in. He told me about my Auguste and that Lamor- eaux boy. Auguste had accosted the other child--forced to it, I confess. "Say, Jean, why do they call me 'boche'? What is it--this name?" So M. Fontaine repeated their words to me. "It's you. You're a Hun, or so my mother says, anyway." "Is it an evil thing, then, Jean?" "Surely, the most on earth! You're a German! Your father was a boche in the Great War!" "How is that?" Auguste had per- sisted. "Wasn't he for France? Didn't he stick for our side?" "Mais non, not French--that's why. He was a boche soldier, I tell you." "But, Maman--she--we are French." "Listen, stupid--" Young Jean had been ready to whisper the damning words, when M. Fontaine thought it time to interrupt. He called sharply to Jean. So, bit by bit, the tragedy had been unfolded. At last my Auguste under- stood all save my coldness. It pressed on his heart, that thing. Yet he took the blame of it himself. Oh, how I hated myself! But my duty to France--what could I do? No more did the poor child try to win a kind word or even a caress. And all the while I worshiped him--in secret! THAT Sunday afternoon in May, I remembered the time my Auguste slipped from the bridge that raw spring day, into the swollen river near the falls. And young Bosquette had jumped in and pulled him out. It was a brave thing--for folk might blame him. Afterwards, coming home with Au- guste, his clothes clutching his shiver- ing body like icy fingers. I heard young Bosquette's mother scolding him, across the way. "Fi, done! Was the bridge too nar- row for the clumsy donkey's feet? To haul out that son of a boche--! Enough disgrace for us all, indeed!" And I had scolded, too, over ruined 