Big and Brave as a Herring 17 asleep, I should never have heard it at all. . . . Someone was stealing cau- tiously across the fo'cs'le floor toward me. I heard the wary footfalls quite plainly, but fear gripped me so that I did not dare even open my eyes. At the side of my hammock the steps halted, and I heard a man's breathing. Then a match was struck softly and I felt its feeble glow upon my face. It traveled deliberately from neck to hair and back again. I don't think I could have screamed if I had tried; sheer terror had me by the throat. My rigid limbs ached under the strain of holding them motionless and, as for my heart, thumping like mad against my ribs, it seemed as though its pounding must actually cause the hammock to sway visibly. The man's investigation, though leisurely, was not prolonged. I heard him blow out the match presently and creep away as he had come. All the rest of the night I lay there, scarcely daring to breathe, waiting for what the morning would bring. Day came at last and I found myself accepted in quite a matter-of-fact way as ship's boy. A more terrible position for a young girl could hardly be im- agined--yet not half so terrible as it would have become had I for a mo- ment dropped my disguise. I was remembering too late Gordon's words that a freighter was no place for a woman. It needed only a look at the faces of the seamen to convince me of the truth of that statement. Three times, during the horrible days that followed, I started toward the Cap- tain's cabin with the truth upon my lips, and three times I turned back si- lently, afraid to speak. ALL the men, with perhaps one ex- ception, thought me a bit crazy, and this fact, I believe, saved me from many a blow that would otherwise have been mine. But what a life it was! With the work and the coarse food, the wakeful nights and--above all-- the fear of discovery which never left me, if I had not been a strong, vigorous English girl, I could never have come through it alive. I hinted above that one of the sea- men did not share his companions' opinion as to my mental derangement. This was Ben Cloaker, and he was at once a constant puzzle and a terror to me. He had a way of staring at me out of his one good eye and from under the crooked patch that half hid the other, that made me want to scream. A dozen times a day I would look up suddenly from my work or glance back as I stood leaning over the bulwarks watching the sea, and find his gaze fixed upon me. He was a silent fellow, and his very silence made that eternal scrutiny seem the more ominous. The feeling grew that it was Cloaker who had spied upon me in the night, and that he had suspicions which made my secret far from safe. It was after we had been out some twelve days or more and were getting well toward the South, that an incident came which turned into tragedy for me. From the start we had had fair weather. Now it grew so intensely hot that I was obliged to discard all but the most essential of the garments I had worn aboard--a pair of short, frayed trousers and a cotton blouse. One morning as I was pattering bare- footed over the forward deck, with an 