  SPAWN OF DAGON 11    Elak obeyed, and the wizard's fingers worked deftly.  "I doubt--no human hands tied these knots. But--"  "What are they?" Elak asked again. "Tell me, before I go mad thinking hell has loosed its legions on Atlantis."  "They are the children of Dagon," Zend said. "Their dwelling-place is in the great deeps of the ocean. Have you never heard of the unearthly ones who worship Dagon?"  "Yes. But I never believed--"  "Oh, there's truth in the tale. Eons and unimaginable eons ago, before man- kind existed on earth, only the waters existed. There was no land. And from the slime there sprang up a race of be- ings which dwelt in the sunken abysses of the ocean, inhuman creatures that wor- shipped Dagon, their god. When eventual- ly the waters receded and great continents arose, these beings were driven down to the lowest depths. Their mighty king- dom, that had once stretched from pole to pole, was shrunken as the huge land- masses lifted. Mankind came--but from whence I do not know--and civiliza- tions arose. Hold still. These cursed knots--"  "I don't understand all of that," Elak said, wincing as the wizard's nail dug into his wrist. "But go on."  "These things hate man, for they feel that man has usurped their kingdom. Their greatest hope is to sink the conti- nents again, so that the seas will roll over all the earth, and not a human being will survive. Their power will embrace the whole world, as it once did eons ago. They are not human, you see, and they worship Dagon. They want no other gods worshipped on Earth. Ishtar, dark Eblis, even Poseidon of the sunlit seas. . . . They will achieve their desire now, I fear."     "Not if I can get free," Elak said. "How do the knots hold?"  "They hold," the wizard said discour- agedly. "But one strand is loose. My fingers are raw. The--the red globe is broken?"  "No," Elak said. "Some cords were torn loose as I fought with your slave, and the light went out of it. Why?"   "The gods be thanked!" Zend said fervently. "If I can repair the damage and light the globe again, the children of Dagon will die. That's the purpose of it. The rays it emits destroy their bodies, which are otherwise invulnerable, or al- most so. If I hadn't had the globe, they'd have invaded my palace and killed me long ago."  "They have a tunnel under the cellars," Elak said.  "I see. But they dared not invade the palace while the globe shone, for the light-rays would have killed them. Curse these knots! If they accomplish their pur- pose--"  "What's that?" Elak asked--but he had already guessed the answer.  "To sink Atlantis! This island-conti- nent would have gone down beneath the sea long ago if I hadn't pitted my magic and my science against that of the chil- dren of Dagon. They are masters of the earthquake, and Atlantis rests on none too solid a foundation. Their power is sufficient to sink Atlantis for ever beneath the sea. But within that room"--Zend nodded toward the curtain that hid the sea-bred horrors--"in that room there is power far stronger than theirs. I have drawn strength from the stars, and the cosmic sources beyond the universe. You know nothing of my power. It is enough --more than enough--to keep Atlantis steady on its foundation, impregnable against the attacks of Dagon's breed. They have destroyed other lands before Atlantis."    