  MOTHER OF TOADS 89    was as if the nightmare of his awaken- ing in the witch's hut had somehow re- turned upon him.  The toads came always from the direc- tion of Les Hiboux, as if to drive him back toward Mère Antoinette's dwelling. They bounded against him like a mon- strous hail, like missiles flung by unseen demons. The ground was covered by them, the air was filled with their hurt- ling bodies. Once, he nearly went down beneath them.  Their number seemed to increase, they pelted him in a noxious storm. He gave way before them, his courage broke, and he started to run at random, without knowing that he had left the safe path. Losing all thought of direction, in his frantic desire to escape from those im- possible myriads, he plunged on amid the dim reeds and sedges, over ground that quivered gelatinously beneath him. Always at his heels he heard the soft, heavy flopping of the toads; and some- times they rose up like a sudden wall to bar his way and turn him aside. More than once, they drove him back from the verge of hidden quagmires into which he would otherwise have fallen. It was as if they were herding him deliberately and concertedly to a destined goal.   NOW, like the lifting of a dense cur- tain, the mist rolled away, and Pierre saw before him in a golden dazzle of morning sunshine the green, thick- growing osiers that surrounded Mère Antoinette's hut. The toads had all dis- appeared, though he could have sworn that hundreds of them were hopping close about him an instant previously. With a feeling of helpless fright and panic, he knew that he was still within the witch's toils; that the toads were in- deed her familiars, as so many people believed them to be. They had prevented      his escape, and had brought him back to the foul creature . . . whether woman, batrachian, or both . . . who was known as the Mother of Toads.  Pierre's sensations were those of one who sinks momently deeper into some black and bottomless quicksand. He saw the witch emerge from the hut and come toward him. Her thick fingers, with pale folds of skin between them like the be- ginnings of a web, were stretched and flattened on the steaming cup that she carried. A sudden gust of wind arose as if from nowhere, and bore to Pierre's nostrils the hot, familiar spices of the drugged wine.  "Why did you leave so hastily, my little one?" There was an amorous wheedling in the very tone of the witch's question. "I should not have let you go without another cup of the good red wine, mulled and spiced for the warming of your stomach. . . . See, I have pre- pared it for you . . . knowing that you would return."  She came very close to him as she spoke, leering and sidling, and held the cup toward his lips. Pierre grew dizzy with the strange fumes and turned his head away. It seemed that a paralyzing spell had seized his muscles, for the sim- ple movement required an immense ef- fort.  His mind, however, was still clear, and the sick revulsion of that nightmare dawn returned upon him. He saw again the great toad that had lain at his side when he awakened.  "I will not drink your wine," he said firmly. "You are a foul witch, and I loathe you. Let me go."  "Why do you loathe me?" croaked Mère Antoinette. "I can give you all that other women give . . . and more."  "You are not a woman," said Pierre. "You are a big toad. I saw you in your    