  12 WEIRD TALES   Hot blood dripped on Elak's hands as the wizard tore at the cords.  "Aye . . . other lands. There were races that dwelt on Earth before man came. My powers have shown me a sun- lit island that once reared far to the south, an island where dwelt a race of beings tall as trees, whose flesh was hard as stone, and whose shape was so strange you could scarcely comprehend it. The waters rose and covered that island, and its people died. I have seen a gigantic mountain that speared up from a waste of tossing waters, in Earth's youth, and in the towers and minarets that crowned its summit dwelt beings like sphinxes, with the heads of beasts and gods and whose broad wings could not save them when the cataclysm came. For ruin came to the city of the sphinxes, and it sank beneath the ocean--destroyed by the chil- dren of Dagon. And there was--"  "Hold!" Elak's breathless whisper halted the wizard's voice. "Hold! I see rescue, Zend."  "Eh?" The wizard screwed his head around until he too saw the short, ape- featured man who was running silently across the room, knife in hand. It was Lycon, whom Elak had left slumbering in the underground den of Gesti.  The knife flashed and Elak and Zend were free. Elak said swiftly, "Up the stairs, wizard. Repair your magic globe, since you say its light will kill these hor- rors. We'll hold the stairway."   WITHOUT a word the gray dwarf sped silently up the steps and was gone. Elak turned to Lycon.  "How the devil--"  Lycon blinked wide blue eyes. "I scarcely know, Elak. Only when you were carrying me out of the tavern and the soldier screamed and ran away I saw something that made me so drunk I couldn't remember what it was. I remem-      bered only a few minutes ago, back down- stairs somewhere. A face that looked like a gargoyle's, with a terrible great beak and eyes like Midgard Serpent's. And I remembered I'd seen Gesti put a mask over the awful face just before you turned there in the alley. So I knew Gesti was probably a demon."  "And so you came here," Elak com- mented softly. "Well, it's a good thing for me you did. I--what's the matter?" Lycon's blue eyes were bulging.  "Is this your demon?" the little man asked, pointing.  Elak turned, and smiled grimly. Fac- ing him, her face puzzled and frightened, was the girl on whom Zend had been experimenting--the maiden whose soul he had been about to unleash to serve him when Elak had arrived. Her eyes were open now, velvet-soft and dark, and her white body gleamed against the silver- black drape.  Apparently she had awakened, and had arisen from her hard couch.  Elak's hand went up in a warning ges- ture, commanding silence, but it was too late. The girl said,  "Who are you? Zend kidnapped me --are you come to set me free? Where--"  With a bound Elak reached her, dragged her back, thrust her up the stair- way. His rapier flashed in his hand. Over his shoulder he cast a wolfish smile.  "If we live, you'll escape Zend and his magic," he told the girl, hearing an outburst of sibilant cries and the rushing murmur of the attacking horde. Yet he did not turn. "What's your name?" he asked.  "Coryllis."  "'Ware, Elak!" Lycon shouted.  Elak turned to see the little man's sword flash out, shearing a questing ten- tacle in two. The severed end dropped, writhing and coiling in hideous knots.    