  116 WEIRD TALES    bin Ayyub fellow may be the exception; though I contend that whatever the art the Orient provides is the result of in- stinct and not intent."  I granted most of his contentions. And then we discussed the great jar of attar, and the surpassing loveliness of bin Ayyub's "family."  "Most fascinating, really. This sounds like what people think the Orient ought to be, but never actually is. Houris, and incense, and all that sort of thing."   Then, just as he left: "By the way, did you ever read the quaint little tale of Aladdin's lamp?"  "Sure. What of it?"  "Nothing, really nothing at all. Merely curious, you know."  Now what had that buzzard meant by that remark? A subtle way of calling me an out-and-out romancer? Or did he mean that in getting my Isphahan I had stumbled into something Aladdin-like?  And then I carefully examined the Isphahan. No, Revell had not palmed it and left a replica in its place. Strangely enough, he had not even tried to trade or bargain for it.   IT WAS fully two weeks before I could find time to call on bin Ayyub to in- spect the restoration of the throne-rug. But finally I did contrive to find some spare time, and just to convince Revell that I had not been releasing an Arabian fantasy, I decided to take him along.  "Cheers, old bean!" greeted Revell. "I was just thinking. . . . But how do you like it?"  It, the throne-rug of Saladin, stared me in the face: rich, lustrous, magnifi- cent, now that it had been cleaned, and the pieces spliced together.  "Where in--?"  Revell laughed at my amazement.   "Most amazing, what? But don't rub your eyes. It is exactly what it looks like:      the rug of the justly popular Saladin. I was just thinking of asking you to trans- late the inscription. Couldn't remember the exact wording you gave me several nights ago."  "Devil take inscriptions! How did you get it? Unless he suddenly needed the money."  "You could have done the same thing," Revell began, as he poured him- self a drink, then painstakingly selected a cigar. "Especially after I told you in so many words how to go about it."  "How come, told me how to go about it?"  This was too much for me. He'd been up to dirty work of some kind. It was unbelievable that he had purchased that rug; and I doubted that he was clever enough to have outwitted bin Ayyub. Then what? Breaking and entering? Well, not very likely.  "The last thing I said the other night was something about Aladdin's lamp. I fancy you recollect. But I was jolly well certain you'd not follow my train of thought. Well . . . the magician from El Moghreb paraded up and down in front of Aladdin's palace, offering to exchange old lamps for new ones. And the prin- cess--Mrs. Aladdin--was tickled pink to take an unfair advantage of an old man's foolishness. So she joyously swapped the greasy, tarnished old magic lamp for a nice, new one. Never occurred to Aladdin to tell the young person his wife that the rather crude old lamp was of some value. Simple, really."  "Do you mean to say--?"  "Oh, yes, quite. Exactly, in fact. Mrs. bin Ayyub greatly fancied a lovely Ana- tolian silk rug about the same size as the revered Saladin's throne-rug, which, by the way, she thought was a bit passé. Liked my silk rug; bright colors, and not at all worn, and all that sort of thing. So we swapped; and I fancy I noted a gleam    