  WEIRD TALES 66    old man. He wanted to turn toward his own room on the second floor; but Var- duk's voice spoke his name, and we both looked up, startled. On the stairs to the third flight stood Varduk, holding that black book open against his chest.  "He spoke to Schaefer. 'I told you that I wanted to see you.'  "Schaefer tried to swear at him. After all, here was a frail, pale little frosh, who didn't seem to have an ounce of muscle on his bones, giving orders to a big football husky who weighed more than two hundred pounds. But the swear words sort of strangled in his throat. Varduk laughed. Neither of you have ever heard a sound so soft or merciless.  "'Perhaps you'd like me to come to your room after you,' Varduk suggested.  "Schaefer turned and came slowly to the stairs and up them. When he got level with Varduk, I didn't feel much like watching the rest. As I moved away toward my room, I saw Varduk slip his slender arm through Schaefer's big, thick one and fall into step with him, just as if they were going to have the nicest schoolboy chat you can imagine."  Davidson shuddered violently, and so, despite the warm June air, did I. Pursui- vant seemed a shade less pink.  "Here, I've talked too much," David- son said, with an air of embarrassment. "Probably it's because I've wanted to tell this story--over a space of years. No point in holding back the end, but I'd greatly appreciate your promise--both your promises--that you'll not pass the tale on."   WE BOTH gave our words, and urged him to continue. He did so.  "I had barely got to my own digs when there was a frightful row outside, shouts and scamperings and screamings; yes, screamings, of young men scared out of their wits. I jumped up and hurried      downstairs and out. There lay Schaefer on the pavement in front of the dormi- tory. He was dead, with the brightest red blood all over him. About twenty witnesses, more or less, had seen him as he jumped out of Varduk's window.  "The faculty and the police came, and Varduk spent hours with them, being questioned. But he told them something satisfactory, for he was let go and never charged with any responsibility.  "Late that night, as I sat alone at my desk trying to drive from my mind's eye the bright, bright red of Schaefer's blood, a gentle knock sounded at my door. I got up and opened. There stood Varduk, and he held in his hands that black vol- ume. I saw the dark red edging on its pages, the color of blood three hours old.  "'I wondered,' he said in his soft voice, 'if you'd like to see the thing in my book that made your friend Schaefer so anxious to leave my room.'  "I assured him that I did not. He smiled and came in, all uninvited.  "Then he spoke, briefly but very clear- ly, about certain things he hoped to do, and about how he needed a helper. He said that I might be that helper. I made no reply, but he knew that I would not refuse.  "He ordered me to kneel, and I did. Then he showed me how to put my hands together and set them between his palms. The oath I took was the medieval oath of vassalage. And I have kept my oath from that day to this."  Davidson abruptly strode back along the way to the lodge. He stopped at half a dozen paces' distance.  "Maybe I'd better get along," he sug- gested. "You two may want to think and talk about what I have said, and my ad- vice not to get in Varduk's way."  With that he resumed his departure, and went out of sight without once look- ing back again.    