  112 WEIRD TALES    as a last year's bird's nest. I was stumped, stopped dead.   SAOUD, entering with coffee, inter- rupted my thanks. After having served the steaming, night-black, deathly bitter beverage, the negro took his post at the farther end of the salon, in front of a pair of heavy curtains that I fancied must conceal an alcove.  "In El-Káhireh it is the custom to per- fume one's coffee with a tiny bit of am- bergris," remarked bin Ayyub. "But I have devised a more subtle combination."  In response to the master's nod, Saoud parted the silver-embroidered curtains and caught them on the hilts of the simi- tars that hung at each side of the alcove. A great jar, fully as tall as the negro, and gracefully curved as a Grecian amphora, glowed in the level, sunset rays like a monstrous, rosy-amber bead.  He lifted the cover of the jar: and from it rolled a wave of overwhelming sweetness, an unearthly fragrance so curi- ously blended that I could not pick the dominant odor. Jasmine, or the rose of Naishápúr, or all the mingled spices of Cebu and Saigon . . . with undertones of sandalwood and patchouli. ... A dizzy- ing madness, a surge of intoxicating warmth and richness poured resistlessly from the glowing, pulsating, almost transparent depths of that great urn.  I wondered how Saoud could endure it at such close range. And then, drink- ing fully of the potent wave that swept past me, I lost all physical sensation save that of floating in a sea of torrid, con- fusing sweetness. And then the African replaced the cover of the jar. I fancied that he reeled ever so slightly as he with- drew from that throbbing luminous fountain of unbelievable fragrance, and wondered that he did not collapse.  Bin Ayyub had apparently forgotten my presence. He sipped his coffee, and      with half-closed eyes stared into the depths of the urn. The unfathomable, perfect peace which Moslems wish each other with their "Es-Salaam Aleika" had descended upon him: keyf, the placid en- joyment of wakefulness that is half sleep.  The silence, the utter repose was con- tagious. I found myself gazing, eyes half out of focus, at the throne-rug. . . .  And then I sensed that eyes were staring at me from some place of con- cealment. I turned and caught a glimpse of a dainty armful, shapely and elegantly contoured: a girl with smoldering, sara- cenic eyes, pools of dusky enchantment. Just for an instant I held her level, un- abashed gaze which lingered long enough to let me fully sense her imperious calm and composure. It was just a glimpse, barely enough to let me recognize the transparent, olive complexion and faint- ly aquiline features of a Transcaucasian, a Gurjestani, the most flawlessly lovely of all Oriental women. And then the por- tières closed on the vision.  What a mad afternoon! The throne- rug of Saladin ... and then the descend- ant of that great prince . . . and that girl, with her smoldering, kohl-darkened eyes . . . the familiar spirit of the urn whose Byzantine curves imprisoned that glow- ing, rosy-amber sea of sweetness . . . wild thought! . . . but she was small and dainty enough to have emerged from that great jar, and then vanished back into its shimmering, pulsating depths. . . .  "The contents of that jar," began bin Ayyub, emerging from the silence, "would make a rich perfume of all the seas of the world. It would be folly to try to imagine the countless myriads of blos- soms and herbs, spices and gums that are imprisoned in that essence. A drop, a thousand-fold diluted, and a drop of that dilution, equally diluted, would be more potent than the strongest scents known to your Feringhi perfumers."   W. T.--7  