  84 WEIRD TALES   David nodded dumbly, his heart throb- bing with emotion as he looked down at the red, sleeping mite. His son!  "He's wonderful," he said humbly. "Ruth, dear--I want to work the rest of my life for you and for him."  Wilson Hall beamed on them and chuckled, "You're going to have a chance to do that, David. What I said last spring goes. This afternoon I formally resigned as head of the firm and saw that you were named as my successor."  David tried to thank him. His heart was full with complete happiness, with love for Ruth and for their child. He felt that no one before had ever been so happy.  Then after Wilson Hall had left, and Ruth was sleeping and he was alone, David suddenly realized that there was something he must do.  He told himself sternly, "All these months you've been lying to yourself, making excuses for yourself, letting your wings grow again. In your heart, all that time, you were hoping that you would be able to fly again."  He laughed. "Well, that's all over, now. I only told myself before that I didn't want to fly. It wasn't true, then, but it is now. I'll never again long for wings, for flying, now that I have both Ruth and the boy."  No, never again--that was ended. He would drive into town this very night and have Doctor White remove these new-grown second wings. He would never even let Ruth know about them.  Flushed with that resolve, he hurried out of the cottage into the windy dark- ness of the fall night. The red moon was lifting above the treetops eastward and by its dull light he started back toward the garage. All around him the trees were bending and creaking under the      brawling, jovial hammering of the hard north wind.  David stopped suddenly. Down through the frosty night had come a faint, far sound that jerked his head erect. A distant, phantom whistling borne on the rushing wind, rising, falling, growing stronger and stronger--the wild birds, southing through the noisy night, shrill- ing their exultant challenge as the wind bore their wings onward. That wild throb of freedom that he had thought dead clutched hard of a sudden at David's heart.  He stared up into the darkness with brilliant eyes, hair blowing in the wind. To be up tliere with them just once again --to fly with them just one more time--  Why not? Why not fly this one last time and so satisfy that aching longing before he lost these last wings? He would not go far, would make but a short flight and then return to have the wings re- moved, to devote his life to Ruth and their son. No one would ever know.  Swiftly he stripped off his clothing in the darkness, stood erect, spreading the wings that had been so long concealed and confined. Quaking doubt assailed him. Could he fly at all, now? Would these poor, stunted, second wings even bear him aloft for a few minutes? No, they wouldn't--he knew they wouldn't!  The wild wind roared louder through the groaning trees, the silvery shrilling high overhead came louder. David stood poised, knees bent, wings spread for the leap upward, agony on his white face. He couldn't try it--he knew that he couldn't leave the ground.  But the wind was shouting in his ears, "You can do it, you can fly again! See, I am behind you, waiting to lift you, ready to race you up there under the stars!"    