  100 WEIRD TALES    told him what I had encountered and asked for advice. He gave it.  "The old Lon Chaney line," he coun- seled. "Mystery man. We say nothing about him until the picture is released. After that I have a hunch things will work out for themselves. The fellow is a marvel. So don't bother about stories until the film is canned."  Consequently I abandoned publicity efforts in Karl Jorla's direction. Now I am very glad I did so, for there is no one to remember his name, or suspect the horror that was soon to follow.  4  THE script was finished. The front office approved. Stage Four was un- der construction; the casting director got busy. Jorla was at the studio every day; Kincaid himself was teaching him Eng- lish. The part was one in which very few words were needed, and Jorla proved a brilliant pupil, according to Les.  But Les was not as pleased as he should have been about it all. He came to me one day about a week before production and unburdened himself. He strove to speak lightly about the affair, but I could tell that he felt worried.  The gist of his story was very simple. Jorla was behaving strangely. He had had trouble with the front office; he re- fused to give the studio his living ad- dress, and it was known that he had checked out from his hotel several days after first arriving in Hollywood.  Nor was that all. He wouldn't talk about his part, or volunteer any informa- tion about interpretation. He seemed to be quite uninterested--admitting frankly to Kincaid that his only reason for sign- ing a contract was to leave Europe.  He told Kincaid what he had told me --about the devil-worshippers. And he hinted at more. He spoke of being fol-      lowed, muttered about "avengers" and "hunters who waited." He seemed to feel that the witch-cult was angry at him for the violation of secrets, and held him re- sponsible for the release of Return to the Sabbath. That, he explained, was why he would not give his address, nor speak of his past life for publication. That is why he must use very heavy make-up in his film debut here. He felt at times as though he were being watched, or fol- lowed. There were many foreigners here . . . too many.  "What the devil can I do with a man like that?" Kincaid exploded, after he had explained this to me. "He's insane, or a fool. And I confess that he's too much like his screen character to please me. The damned casual way in which he professes to have dabbled in devil-wor- ship and sorcery! He believes all this, and--well, I'll tell you the truth. I came here today because of the last thing he spoke of to me this morning.  "He came down to the office, and at first when he walked in I didn't know him. The dark glasses and muffler helped, of course, but he himself had changed. He was trembling, and walked with a stoop. And when he spoke his voice was like a groan. He showed me-- this."  Kincaid handed me the clipping. It was from the London Times, through European press dispatches. A short para- graph, giving an account of the death of Fritz Ohmmen, the Austrian film direc- tor. He had been found strangled in a Paris garret, and his body had been frightfully mutilated; it mentioned an in- verted cross branded on his stomach above the ripped entrails. Police were seeking the murderer. . . .  I handed the clipping back in silence. "So what?" I asked. But I had already guessed his answer.  "Fritz Ohmmen," Kincaid said, slow-    