   COMING NEXT MONTH I FELT my breath catch in my throat as we came face to face in the moonlight. The general standard of beauty among the natives of Brittany is high indeed, but in the girl who stood before me the very pinnacle of flawless perfection seemed to have been reached. Her features--but how can I describe that which transcends all description? Mere words seem futile and meaningless when applied to that radiant creature who con- fronted us out of the mystery of the night. Her loveliness seemed more than human --and most assuredly none of it was due to the "art which conceals art" in the esti- mation of the feminine mind. Her dark hair waved in a profuse disorder of natural curls over her brow and neck. Her smooth skin was deeply tanned by exposure to the wind and sun. Her cheap cotton frock would have seemed but a mere rag but for the superb lines of the figure beneath. Her shapely legs were bare to the knees; her feet innocent of even the wooden sabots which the poorest of peasants usually wear. She seemed more like some dryad of the woods than a mundane peasant-girl. For some reason--possibly it was the memory of my own recent fears--her very calmness irritated me. "What are you doing here?" I cried as sharply as my halting Breton would allow. "Don't you know that there are wolves about?" To my surprize she answered in the purest French: "Assuredly, m'sieu, there are wolves. Have I not just now"--she hesitated-- "have I not heard them howling? And you--you did not climb the Devil's Tomb- stone just to admire the view?" . . . You will be fascinated with this posthumous thrill-tale by a late English master of weird fiction. It is an engrossing novelette of the Ghoul Pack, the Barking Women of Josselin, and the struggle between a mother's love and an ancient curse. It will be printed complete in the August issue of Weird Tales: The Wolf-Girl of Josselin By Arlton Eadie -Also- THE VENOMED BREATH OF VENGEANCE By Seabury Quinn A curious story about Jules de Grandin, occult de- tective and scientist, and an East Indian whose very breath was lethal to those upon whom he blew. GREEN HORROR By H. Thompson Rich What was that hideous apparition that lured Joan to the greenhouse and swayed beside her father as he worked? A tale of horror. THE FIRE PRINCESS By Edmond Hamilton A thrill-tale of intrigue and weird horror in the terrible Val- ley of Koom, the hidden city. A story of the dreadful Place of Power that was the tomb of the Ancient Ones, and a strange doom that menaced the world. thrills---mystery---excitement August Issue WEIRD TALES - - - Out July 1   