  SPAWN OF DAGON 7    tious hand. A corridor stretched before him, dimly lit by cold blue radiance that came from tiny gems set in the ceiling at intervals. Elak followed the upward slant of the passage; the red sphere Gesti had mentioned was in the topmost min- aret. Up, then:  In a niche in the wall Elak saw the head. The shock of it turned him cold with amazement. A bodiless head, set upright on a golden pedestal within a little alcove--its cheeks sunken, hair lank and disheveled--but eyes bright with in- credible life! Those eyes watched him!  "Ishtar!" Elak breathed. "What wiz- ardry's this?"  He soon found out. The pallid lips of the horror writhed and twisted, and from them came a high skirling cry of warn- ing.  "Zend! Zend! A stranger walks your--"  Elak's rapier flew. There was scarcely any blood. He dragged the blade from the eyesocket, whispering prayers to all the gods and goddesses he could remem- ber. The lean jaw dropped, and a black- ened and swollen tongue lolled from be- tween the teeth. A red, shrunken eyelid dropped over the eye Elak had not pierced.  There was no sound save for Elak's hastened breathing. He eyed the mon- strous thing in the alcove, and then, con- fident that it was no longer a menace, lengthened his steps up the passage. Had Zend heard the warning of his sentinel? If so, danger lurked all about him.  A silver curtain slashed with a black pattern hung across the corridor. Elak parted it, and, watching, he froze in every muscle.  A dwarf, no more than four feet tall, with a disproportionately large head and a gray, wrinkled skin, was trotting briskly toward him. From the tales he had heard Elak imagined the dwarf to be Zend.      Behind the wizard strode a half-naked giant, who carried over his shoulder the limp form of a girl. Elak spun about, realizing that he had delayed too long. Zend was parting the silver curtain as Elak raced back down the corridor.  At his side a black rectangle loomed-- a passage he had overlooked, apparently, when he had passed it before. He sprang into its shielding darkness. When Zend passed he would strike down the wizard and take his chances with the giant. Re- membering the smooth hard muscles that had rippled under the dead-white skin of the man, Elak was not so sure that his chances would be worth much. He real- ized now that the giant had seemed fa- miliar.  Then he knew. Two days ago he had seen a man--a condemned criminal--be- headed in the temple of Posedion. There could be no mistake. The giant was the same man, brought back to life by Zend's evil necromancy!  "Ishtar!" Elak whispered, sweating. "I'd be better off in the hands of the guards." How could he slay a man who was already dead?  Elak hesitated, his rapier half drawn. There was no use borrowing trouble. He would keep safely out of sight until Zend was separated from his ghastly servitor-- and then it would be an easy matter to put six inches of steel through the wiz- ard's body. Elak was never one for tak- ing unnecessary risks, as he had a whole- some regard for his hide. He heard a shuffling of feet and drew back within the side-passage to let Zend pass. But the wizard turned suddenly and began to mount the steeply sloping corridor where Elak lurked. In Zend's hand was a softly glowing gem that illuminated the pas- sage, though not brightly.  Elak fled. The passage was steep and narrow, and it ended at last before a blank wall. Behind him a steady padding    