  THE BLACK DRAMA 63    behavior, at least, shows that I am neither morbid nor shallow."  "Certainly not," I assented, thinking of his hearty appetite, his record of achievement in many fields, his manifest kindness and sincerity.  "Then consent to hear my evidence out." He resumed his walk, and I fell into step with him. "It's only circum- stantial evidence, I fear, and as such must not be entirely conclusive. Yet here it is:   "Byron was the ideal target for a curse, not only personally but racially. His fore- bears occupied themselves with revolu- tion, dueling, sacrilege and lesser sins-- they were the sort who attract and merit disaster. As for his immediate parents, it would be difficult to choose a more depraved father than Captain 'Mad Jack' Byron, or a more unnatural mother than Catherine Gordon of Gight. Brimstone was bred into the child's very soul by those two. Follow his career, and what is there? Pride, violence, orgy, disgrace. Over his married life hangs a shocking cloud, an unmentionable accusation-- rightly or not we cannot say. As for his associates, they withered at his touch. His children, lawful and natural, died un- timely and unhappy. His friends found ruin or death. Even Doctor Polidori, plagiarist of the Ruthven story, commit- ted suicide. Byron himself, when barely past his first youth, perished alone and far from home and friends. Today his bright fame is blurred and tarnished by a wealth of legend that can be called nothing less than diabolic."  "Yet he wasn't all unlucky," I sought to remind my companion. "His beauty and brilliance, his success as a poet--"  "All part of the curse. When could he be thankful for a face that drew the love of Lady Caroline Lamb and precipi- tated one of London's most fearful scan- dals? As for his poetry, did it not mark him for envy, spite and, eventually, a      concerted attack? I daresay Byron would have been happier as a plain-faced me- chanic or grocer."  I felt inclined to agree, and said as much. "If a curse exists," I added, "would it affect Varduk as a descendant of Byron?"  "I think that it would, and that his recent actions prove at once the existence of a curse and the truth of his claim to descent. A shadow lies on that man, Connatt."  "The rest of the similarity holds," I responded. "The charm and the genius. I have wondered why Miss Holgar agrees to this play. It is archaic, in some degree melodramatic, and her part is by no means dominant. Yet she seems de- lighted with the role and the production in general."  "I have considered the same apparent lapse of her judgment," said Pursuivant, "and came to the conclusion that you are about to suggest--that Varduk has gained some sort of influence over Miss Holgar."   "Perhaps, then, you feel that such an influence would be dangerous to her and to others?"  "Exactly."  "What to do, then?"  "Do nothing, gentlemen," said some- one directly behind us.  We both whirled in sudden surprize. It was Elmo Davidson.   9. Davidson Gives a Warning   I SCOWLED at Davidson in surprized pro- test at his intrusion. Judge Pursuivant did not scowl, but I saw him lift his walking-stick with his left hand, place his right upon the curved handle, and gave it a little twist and jerk, as though preparing to draw a cork from a bottle. Davidson grinned placatingly.  "Please, gentlemen! I didn't mean to eavesdrop, or to do anything else sneak-    