  98 WEIRD TALES    able of greeting the "Grand Opening" with their usual ribald hoots.  Trite and grotesque the plot of the film may have been, but the actor who played the lead had instilled it with ghastly reality. He had been dead; his eyes knew. And the voice was the voice of Lazarus awakened.  Les and I had no need to exchange words. We both felt it. I followed him silently as he went up the stairs to the manager's office.  Edward Relch was glowering over the desk. He showed no pleasure at seeing us barge in. When Les asked him where he had procured the film for this eve- ning and what its name was, he opened his mouth and emitted a cascade of curses.  We learned that Return io the Sabbath had been sent over by a cheap agency from out Inglewood way, that a Western had been expected, and the "damned foreign junk" substituted by mistake. A hell of a picture this was, for a girl-show! Gave the audience the lousy creeps, and it wasn't even in English! Stinking im- ported films!  It was some time before we managed to extract the name of the agency from the manager's profane lips. But five min- utes after that, Les Kincaid was on the phone speaking to the head of the agency; an hour later we were out at the office. The next morning Kincaid went in to see the big boss, and the following day I was told to announce for publication that Karl Jorla, the Austrian horror-star, had been signed by cable to our studio; and he was leaving at once for the United States.  3  IT WAS a stroke of genius on Kincaid's part. We all felt that way about the matter. Horror pictures were on the way in; Karloff and Lugosi were turning out their early numbers over at Universal,      and grossing big. Lionel Atwill was do- ing his usual villainy on several lots, and profitably so. Peter Lorre, the peer of them all, had just been signed for Ameri- can films after his sensational perform- ances as the psychopathic murderer in M and his gruesome spy-portrayal in The Man Who Knew Too Much.  And we knew that Karl Jorla topped them all. If the fans were really sincere in their liking for the macabre, they were going to get the genuine article. Not since Lon Chaney had I seen such con- summate artistry; certainly this man was Chaney's superior in that he had a sin- cerity which out-distanced the horror of mere make-up tricks.  I printed these items, gave all the build-up I could. But after the initial announcements I was stopped dead. Ev- erything had happened too swiftly; we knew nothing about this man Jorla, re- ally. Subsequent cables to Austrian and German studios failed to disclose any in- formation about the fellow's private life. He had evidently never played in any film prior to Return to the Sabbath. He was utterly unknown. The film had never been shown greatly abroad, and it was only by mistake that the Inglewood agen- cy has obtained a copy and run it here in the United States. Audience reaction could not be learned, and the film was not scheduled for general release unless English titles could be dubbed in.  I was up a stump. Here we had the "find" of the year, and I couldn't get enough material out to make it known!  We expected Karl Jorla to arrive in two weeks, however. I was told to get to work on him as soon as he got in, then flood the news agencies with stories. Three of our best writers were working on a special production for him already; the Big Boss meant to handle it himself. It would be similar to the foreign film,    