  RETURN TO THE SABBATH 101    ly, "was the director of the picture in which Karl Jorla played; the director, who with Jorla, knew the devil-worship- pers. Jorla says that he fled to Paris, and that they sought him out."  I was silent.  "Mess," grunted Kincaid. "I've of- fered Jorla police protection, and he's re- fused. I can't coerce him under the terms of our contract. As long as he plays the part, he's secure with us. But he has the jitters. And I'm getting them."  He stormed out. I couldn't help him. I sat thinking of Karl Jorla, who believed in devil-gods, worshipped, and betrayed them. And I could have smiled at the absurdity of it all if I hadn't seen the man on the screen and watched his evil eyes. He knew! It was then that I began to feel thankful we had not given Jorla any publicity. I had a hunch.  During the next few days I saw Jorla but seldom. The rumors, however, began to trickle in. There had been an influx of foreign "sight-seers" at the studio gates. Someone had attempted to crash through the barriers in a racing-car. An extra in a mob scene over on Lot Six had been found carrying an automatic beneath his vest; when apprehended he had been lurking under the executive office win- dow's. They had taken him down to headquarters, and so far the man had re- fused to talk. He was a German. . . .  Jorla came to the studios every day in a shuttered car. He was bundled up to the eyes. He trembled constantly. His English lessons went badly. He spoke to no one. He had hired two men to ride with him in his car. They were armed.  A few days later news came that the German extra had talked. He was evident- ly a pathological case ... he babbled wildly of a "Black Cult of Lucifer" known to some of the foreigners around town. It was a secret society purporting to wor- ship the Devil, with vague connections in      the mother countries. He had been "chosen" to avenge a wrong. More than that he dared not say, but he did give an address where the police might find cult headquarters. The place, a dingy house in Glendale, was quite deserted, of course. It was a queer old house with a secret cellar beneath the basement, but everything seemed to have been aban- doned. The man was being held for ex- amination by an alienist.   I HEARD this report with deep misgiv- ings. I knew something of Los An- geles' and Hollywood's heterogeneous for- eign population; God knows, Southern California has attracted mystics and oc- cultists from all over the world. I've even heard rumors about stars being mixed up in unsavory secret societies, things one would never dare to admit in print. And Jorla was afraid.  That afternoon I tried to trail his black car as it left the studio for his mysterious home, but I lost the track in the winding reaches of Topanga Canyon. It had dis- appeared into the secret twilight of the purple hills, and I knew then that there was nothing I could do. Jorla had his own defenses, and if they failed, we at the studio could not help.  That was the evening he disappeared. At least he did not show up the next morning at the studio, and production was to start in two days. We heard about it. The boss and Kincaid were frantic. The police were called in, and I did my best to hush things up. When Jorla did not appear the following morning I went to Kincaid and told him about my follow- ing the car to Topanga Canyon. The police went to work. Next morning was production.  We spent a sleepless night of fruitless vigil. There was no word. Morning came, and there was unspoken dread in Kincaid's eyes as he faced me across the    