  62 WEIRD TALES    luck fall. He was superstitious, for all his apparent wisdom and culture; yet, according to the books Judge Pursuivant had lent me, so was Lord Byron, from whom Varduk claimed descent. What was the ill-omened last line, by the way?   I turned to the last page of the script.   The final line, as typewritten by Dav- idson, contained only a few words. My eyes found it:  "Ruthven (placing his hand on Mary's head):"  And no more than that. There was place for a speech after the stage direc- tion, apparently the monster's involun- tary cry for blessing upon the brave girl, but Davidson had not set down such a speech.  Amazed and in some unaccountable way uneasy, I walked around the corner of the lodge to where Martha Vining, seated on the door-step, also studied her lines. Before I had finished my first ques- tion, she nodded violently.  "It's the same way on my script," she informed me. "You mean, the last speech missing. I noticed last night, and men- tioned it before breakfast to Miss Holgar. She has no last line, either."  A soft chuckle drifted down upon us. Varduk had come to the open door.  "Davidson must have made a careless omission," he said. "Of course, there is only one typescript of the play, with car- bon copies. Well, if the last line is miss- ing, isn't it a definite sign that we should not speak it in rehearsal?"  He rested his heavy gaze upon me, then upon Martha Vining, smiled to con- clude the discussion, and drew back into the hallway and beyond our sight.  Perhaps I may be excused for not feel- ing completely at rest on the subject.  Judge Pursuivant arrived for lunch, dressed comfortably in flannels and a tweed jacket, and his performance at table was in healthy contrast to Varduk,      who, as usual, ate hardly anything. In the early afternoon I induced the judge to come for a stroll up the slope and along the main road. As soon as we were well away from the lodge, I told him of Jake's adventure, the outcome of the sword- accident at rehearsal, and the air of mys- tery that deepened around the omitted final speech of the play.  "Perhaps I'm being nervous and illu- sion-ridden," I began to apologize in con- clusion, but he shook his great head.  "You're being nothing of the sort, Connatt. Apparently my semi-psychic in- tuition was good as gold. I did perfectly right in following this drama and its com- pany out here into the wilderness."  "You came deliberately?" I asked, and he nodded.  "My friend's cabin in the neighbor- hood was a stroke of good luck, and I more than half courted the invitation to occupy it. I'll be frank, Connatt, and say that from the outset I have felt a definite and occult challenge from Varduk and his activities."  He chopped at a weed with his big malacca stick, pondered a moment, then continued.  "Your Mr. Varduk is a mysterious fel- low. I need not enlarge on that, though I might remind you of the excellent rea- son for his strange character and be- havior."  "Byron's blood?"  "Exactly. And Byron's curse."  I stopped in mid-stride and turned to face the judge. He smiled somewhat apologetically.  "I know, Connatt," he said, "that mod- ern men and women think such things impossible. They think it equally impos- sible that anyone of good education and normal mind should take occultism seri- ously. But I disprove the latter impos- sibility, at least--I hold degrees from three world-famous universities, and my    