  102 WEIRD TALES    office table. Eight o'clock. We got up and walked silently across the lot to the studio cafeteria. Black coffee was badly needed; we hadn't had a police report for hours. We passed Stage Four, where the Jorla crew was at work. The noise of hammers was mockery. Jorla, we felt, would never face a camera today, if ever.  Bleskind, the director of the untitled horror opus, came out of the Stage office as we passed.  His paunchy body quivered as he grasped Kincaid's lapels and piped, "Any news?"  Kincaid shook his head slowly. Bles- kind thrust a cigar into his tense mouth.  "We're shooting ahead," he snapped. "We'll shoot around Jorla. If he doesn't show up when we finish the scenes in which he won't appear, we'll get another actor. But we can't wait." The squat director bustled back to the Stage.  Moved by a sudden impulse, Kincaid grasped my arm and propelled me after Bleskind's waddling form.  "Let's see the opening shots," he sug- gested. "I want to see what kind of a story they've given him."  We entered Stage Four.  A Gothic Castle, the ancestral home of Baron Ulmo. A dark, gloomy stone crypt of spidery horror. Cobwebbed, dust-shrouded, deserted by men and given over to the rats by day and the unearthly horrors that crept by night. An altar stood by the crypt, an altar of evil, the great black stone on which the ancient Baron Ulmo and his devil-cult had held their sacrifices. Now, in the pit beneath the altar, the Baron lay buried. Such was the legend.  According to the first shot scheduled, Sylvia Charming, the heroine, was explor- ing the castle. She had inherited the place and taken it over with her young hus- band. In this scene she was to see the altar for the first time, read the inscrip-      tion on its base. This inscription was to prove an unwitting invocation, opening up the crypt beneath the altar and awak- ening Jorla, as Baron Ulmo, from the dead. He was to rise from the crypt then, and walk. It was at this point that the scene would terminate, due to Jorla's strange absence.  The setting was magnificently handled. Kincaid and I took our places beside Di- rector Bleskind as the shot opened. Sylvia Channing walked out on the set; the sig- nals were given, lights flashed, and the action began.  It was pantomimic. Sylvia walked across the cobwebbed floor, noticed the altar, examined it. She stooped to read the inscription, then whispered it aloud. There was a drone, as the opening of the altar-crypt was mechanically begun. The altar swung aside, and the black gaping pit was revealed. The upper cameras swnang to Sylvia's face. She was to stare at the crypt in horror, and she did it most magnificently. In the picture she would be watching Jorla emerge.  Bleskind prepared to give the signal to cut action. Then--  Something emerged from the crypt!  It was dead, that thing--that horror with a mask of faceless flesh. Its lean body was clothed in rotting rags, and on its chest was a bloody crucifix, inverted-- carved out of dead flesh. The eyes blazed loathsomely. It was Baron Ulmo, rising from the dead. And it was Karl Jorla!  The make-up was perfect. His eyes were dead, just as in the other film. The lips seemed shredded again, the mouth even more ghastly in its slitted blackness. And the touch of the bloody crucifix was immense.  Bleskind nearly swallowed his cigar when Jorla appeared. Quickly he con- trolled himself, silently signaled the men to proceed with the shooting. We strained forward, watching every move,    