  24 WEIRD TALES    voices came to him across the base court. Through the window of his dungeon he beheld a little knot of miserable creatures herded by a company of men at arms. Like him, they had been stripped down to their shirts, and as their naked feet trod frost-bit paving-stones they winced and skipped and hopped about in dread- ful parody of dancing. Their jailers roared with laughter and prodded them with pike-butts as they drove them to the center of the court. One of the captives, an aged man with thin gray beard and scanty locks, fell to his knees, and though the burning of the icy stones wrung groans from him, he raised his hands in prayer:  "Mater purissima, speculum justitiae, Mater castissima, mater inviolata . . ."   he besought, and: "Ora pro nobis!" cho- rused all the others in an agony of hope- lessness and woe.  Now the men at arms were on them, beating, shoving, kicking. They flogged the aged man up from his knees and drove him toward the castle gateway, herding his companions after him. Then at a signal they wheeled round and ran, dodging through a doorway, making fast the portal after them.  Like echoes from the banging door there came a chorus of deep growlings and wild howls, and from another door a pack of wolves came rushing out into the court. Gaunt, gray, green-eyed, with gleaming tusks and lolling tongues, they dashed across the frosted stones, their long nails clicking on the flints.  A thousand feet or less they had to run to be upon the shivering, almost naked wretches by the gateway, and as they raced across the court they passed so close beside de Grandin's window he could hear their panting breath . . . pant- ing and something more! He could have sworn he heard one wolf growl to its      fellow: "Poor sport tonight. They will not travel far."  The harried prisoners ran with panic- stimulated feet out in the desert of the frost-bound mountains and untimbered rocks, and after them the wolf pack scurried with yelps and howls of savage exultation.  "Mo' Dio," through chattering teeth de Grandin swore, "men coursed with wolves, herded into dungeons like rab- bits in a warren, that they may be the quarry of four-footed beasts!"  He shook the dungeon bars in fury. "Hear me, ye saints of Paradise, grant I may work justice on these monsters, and I will plant your altars thick with candles long as my sword-blade. Aye, for every one I slay, a brace of candles sword-blade long! Attend me, Holy Ones--a pair of candles for each one I slay, tall candles of smooth wax as fair and straight as Easter lilies, candles which shall burn so brightly that a half-blind priest may see to read his office by their glow! You can- not refuse such an offer, but act quickly, Sacred Ones, or I may die before I have a chance to keep my vow!"  As with most Provençals, mingled Al- mayn and Moorish blood ran in his veins, strengthening and spicing the main strain of Languedoc, and like most Provençals and Gascons he had learned much from the Moslems. At bottom he believed in good and evil, and in very little else, but this never kept him from communing with the saints in almost jovial comradery, addressing them with all the blunt direct- ness that he used to fellow soldiers, mak- ing out-and-out commercial compacts with them or, at times when things were more than usually desperate, laying them a wager of his life against their sanctity. More than once he was assailed by doubts concerning saints' existence, but this did not prevent his praying to them on occa- sion. The blessed saints were patient lis-    