  4 WEIRD TALES   However, he ran along the alley in- stead, blundered into a brawny form that sprang out of the darkness abruptly, and saw a snarling, bearded face indistinct in the vague starlight. He dropped Lycon and whipped out his rapier. Already the soldier was plunging forward, his great sword rushing down.  Then it happened. Elak saw the guard's mouth open in a square of amaze- ment, saw horror spring into the cold eyes. The man's face was a mask of abysmal fear. He flung himself back desperately--the sword-tip just missed Elak's face.  The soldier raced away into the shadows.   WITH a snake-like movement Elak turned, rapier ready. He caught a blur of swift motion. The man facing him had lifted quick hands to his face, and dropped them as suddenly. But there was no menace in the gesture. Nevertheless Elak felt a chill of inexpli- cable uneasiness crawl down his back as he faced his rescuer. The soldiers of San-Mu were courageous, if lacking in human kindness. What had frightened the attacking guard?  He eyed the other. He saw a medium- sized man, clad in voluminous gray gar- ments that were almost invisible in the gloom--saw a white face with regular, statuesque features. A black hollow sprang into existence within the white mask as a soft voice whispered, "You'd escape from the guards? No need for your rapier--I'm a friend."  "Who the--but there's no time for talk. Thanks, and good-bye."  Elak stooped and hoisted Lycon to his shoulders again. The little man was blinking and murmuring soft appeals for more mead. And the hasty thunder of mailed feet grew louder, while torchlight      swiftly approaching cast gleams of light about the trio.  "In here," the gray-clad man whis- pered. "You'll be safe." Now Elak saw that in the stone wall beside him a black rectangle gaped. He sprang through the portal without hesitation. The other fol- lowed, and instantly they were in utter blackness as an unseen door swung creak- ingly on rusty hinges.  Elak felt a soft hand touch his own. Or was it a hand? For a second he had the incredible feeling that the thing whose flesh he had touched did not be- long to any human body--it was too soft, too cold! His skin crawled at the feel of the thing. It was withdrawn, and a fold of gray cloth swung against his palm. He gripped it.  "Follow!"  Silently, gripping the guide's garment, bearing Lycon on his shoulders, Elak moved forward. How the other could find his way through the blackness Elak did not know, unless he knew the way by heart. Yet the passage--if passage it was--turned and twisted endlessly as it went down. Presently Elak had the feel- ing that he was moving through a larger space, a cave, perhaps. His footsteps sounded differently, somehow. And through the darkness vague whisperings came to him.  Whispers in no language he knew. The murmurous sibilants rustled out strangely, making Elak's brows contract and his free hand go involuntarily to the hilt of his rapier. He snarled, "Who's here?"  The invisible guide cried out in the mysterious tongue. Instantly the whisper- ings stopped.  "You are among friends," a voice said softly from the blackness. "We are al- most at our destination. A few more steps--"  A few more steps, and light blazed up.    