  128 WEIRD TALES    pretations most effective. I read Adompha first in manuscript form, up at Smith's place, surrounded by his grotesque statuary and his bizarre pictures, with a Satanic cat--no doubt one of Klarkash-Ton's familiars-- eyeing me wickedly from the corner. Lastly, a wreath of mandragores for that ol' davil Bloch, anent his Sebek story, with its really unusual climax."   Concise Comments  George C. Bowring writes from Los Angeles, California: "Allow me to voice my approval of the series of full-page interpre- tations by Virgil Finlay. They are truly re- markable. The April drawing was done with a restraint which was most admirable. I'm glad to see that he can be so true to the mood of whatever he is interpreting."  R. J. Fugate writes from Hansonville, Vir- ginia: "Permit me to compliment you on your splendid magazine. It is, to my knowl- edge, the only pulp magazine of actual lit- erary merit. I have frequently taught in my college classes from stories published in Weird Tales--classes in American liter- ature."     Benjamin Rafkin writes from Washing- ton, D. C.: "In the May issue of Weird Tales, Henry Kuttner's Thunder in the Dawn seems to me the story best suited to your type of magazine and most accep- table to an intelligent audience which reads for recreation. Even though visibly an at- tempt at the Conanesque, it is a fine story and I hope there are more like it in the future."  Nils H. Frome writes from Fraser Mills, B. C., Canada: "Of the short-shorts in the April number, Farley's was the best, and good. Brod's I did not like."   Most Popular Story  Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue? If you have any comments to make, please address them to the Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Avenue, Chicago. Your favorite story in the May issue, as shown by your votes and letters, was the first part of Henry Kuttner's story of the dawn age, Thunder in the Dawn.      MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JULY WEIRD TALES ARE: Story Remarks (1) (2) (3) I do not like the following stories: (1) Why? (2)   Reader's name and address: Address this coupon to The Eyrie, WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill.    W. T.--8  