  54 WEIRD TALES    Elmo Davidson, Varduk's Man Friday, and Martha Vining, character actress.  Ruthven is announced as the lost vam- pire-demon drama of Lord Byron, and its authenticity is vouched for by Judge Keith Pursuivant, antiquary and occult- ist, who is convinced that the writing is genuinely Byron's, therefore more than a century old; however, he tells Connatt that the paper on which the play is writ- ten was watermarked less than ten years previously.  The play is to open in July at the Lake Jozgid Summer Theater, among upstate New York forests. Connatt arrives, ac- companied by Judge Pursuivant, who is vacationing near by. Jake, meeting Con- natt, tells a disquieting story of how he and Sigrid were attacked and almost overcome at night by strange, half-defined shapes.  The story continues:   6. The Theater in the Forest   JAKE'S narrative did not give me cheer- ful expectations of the Lake Jozgid Theater. It was just as well, for my first glimpse of the place convinced me that it was the exact setting for a play of morbid unreality. The road beyond Pursuivant's cabin was narrow but not too bad. Jake, driv- ing nimbly over its sanded surface, told me that we might thank the public works program for its good condition. In one or two places, as I think I have said already, the way was cut deeply between knolls or bluffs, and here it was gloomy and almost sunless. Too, the woods thickened to right and left, with taller and taller, ranks of trees at the roadside. Springtime's leafage made the trees seem vigorous, but not exactly cheerful; I fan- cied that they were endowed with intel- ligence and the power of motion, and that      they awaited only our passing before they moved out to block the open way be- hind us.  From this sand-surfaced road there branched eventually a second, and even narrower and darker, that dipped down a thickly timbered slope. We took a rather difficult curve at the bottom and came out almost upon the shore of the lake, with the old lodge and its outbuildings in plain view.  These structures were in the best of repair, but appeared intensely dark and weathered, as though the afternoon sky shed a brownish light upon them. The lodge that was now the theater stood clear in the center of the sizable cleared space, although lush-looking clumps and belts of evergreen scrub grew almost against the sheds and the boathouse. I was enough of an observer to be aware that the deep roofs were of stout ax-cut shingles, and that the heavy timbers of the walls were undoubtedly seasoned for an age. The windows were large but deep-set in their sturdy frames. Those who call windows the eyes of a house would have thought that these eyes were large enough, but well able to conceal the secrets and feelings within.  As we emerged from the car, I felt rather than saw an onlooker. Varduk stood in the wide front door of the lodge building. Neither Jake nor I could agree later whether he had opened the door himself and appeared, whether he had stepped into view with the door already open, or whether he had been standing there all the time. His slender, elegant figure was dressed in dark jacket and trousers, with a black silk scarf draped Ascot fashion at his throat, just as he had worn at his hotel in New York. When he saw that we were aware of him, he lifted a white hand in greeting and descended two steps to meet us coming    