  Mother of Toads By CLARK ASHTON SMITH  Weird and powerful was the effect on the young apprentice of the potion given him by Mère Antoinette, known by the villagers as "the Mother of Toads"     "WHY must you always hurry away, my little one?"  The voice of Mère Antoi- nette, the witch, was an amorous croak- ing. She ogled Pierre, the apothecary's young apprentice, with eyes full-orbed and unblinking as those of a toad. The folds beneath her chin swelled like the throat of some great batrachian. Her short flat fingers, outspread on her soiled apron, revealed an appearance as of nar- row webs between their first flanges.  Pierre Baudin, as usual, gave no answer but turned his eyes from Mère Antoi- nette with an air of impatience. Her voice, raucously coaxing, persisted:  "Stay awhile tonight, my pretty or- phan. No one will miss you in the vil- lage. And your master will not mind."   Pierre tossed his head with the disdain of a young Adonis. The witch was more than twice his age, and her charms were too uncouth and unsavory to tempt him for an instant. She was repellently fat and lumpish, and her skin possessed an unwholesome pallor. Also, her repute was such as to have nullified the attrac- tions of a younger and fairer sorceress. Her witchcraft had made her feared among the peasantry of that remote prov- ince, where belief in spells and philtres was still common. The people of Averoigne called her La Mère des Cra- pauds, Mother of Toads, a name given for more than one reason. Toads swarmed      innumerably about her hut; they were said to be her familiars, and dark tales were told concerning their relationship to the sorceress, and the duties they per- formed at her bidding. Such tales were all the more readily believed because of those batrachian features that had always been remarked in her aspect.  The youth disliked her, even as he dis- liked the sluggish, abnormally large toads on which he had sometimes trodden in the dusk, upon the path between her hut and the village of Les Hiboux. He could hear some of these creatures croaking now; and it seemed, weirdly, that they uttered half-articulate echoes of the witch's words.  It would be dark soon, he reflected. The path along the marshes was not pleasant by night, and he felt doubly anxious to depart. Still without replying to Mère Antoinette's invitation, he reached for the black triangular vial she had set before him on her greasy table. The vial contained a philtre of curious potency which his master, Alain le Din- don, had sent him to procure. Le Din- don, the village apothecary, was wont to deal surreptitiously in certain dubious medicaments supplied by the witch; and Pierre had often gone on such errands to her osier-hidden hut.  The old apothecary, whose humor was rough and ribald, had sometimes rallied Pierre concerning Mère Antoinette's pref-   86  