  THE BLACK DRAMA 65    And any student, particularly any frosh, that stood on his dignity--" He paused and let our imagination finish the potentialities of such a situation.  "So, one noon after lunch at the train- ing-table, Schaefer winked at me and a couple of other choice spirits. We went to our rooms and got out our favorite paddles, carved from barrel-staves and lettered over with fraternity emblems and wise-cracks. Then we tramped up to the third floor and knocked loudly at Var- duk's door.  "He didn't answer. We tried the knob. The lock was on, so Schaefer dug his big shoulder into the panel and smashed his way in."   DAVIDSON stopped and drew a long breath, as if with it he could win a better ability to describe the things he was telling.  "Varduk lifted those big, deep eyes of his as we appeared among the ruins of his door. No fear, not even surprize. Just a long look, traveling from one of us to another. When he brought his gaze to me, I felt as if somebody was pointing two guns at me, two guns loaded to their muzzles."  I, listening, felt like saying I knew how he had felt, but I did not interrupt.  "He was sitting comfortably in an arm- chair," went on Davidson, rocking on his feet as though nervous with the memory, "and in his slender hands he held a big dark book. His forefinger marked a place between the leaves.  "'Get up, frosh,' Schaefer said, 'and salute your superiors.'  "Varduk did not move or speak. He looked, and Schaefer bellowed louder, against a sudden and considerable uneasi- ness.  "'What are you reading there?' he de- manded of Varduk in his toughest voice.  "'A very interesting work,' Varduk     replied gently. 'It teaches how to rule people.'  "'Uh-huh?' Schaefer sneered at him. 'Let's have a look at it.'  "'I doubt if you would like it,' Var- duk said, but Schaefer made a grab. The book came open in his hands. He bent, as if to study it.  "Then he took a blind, lumbering step backward. He smacked into the rest of us all bunched behind him, and without us I think he might have fallen down. I couldn't see his face, but the back of his big bull-neck had turned as white as plas- ter. He made two efforts to speak before he managed it. Then all he could splut- ter out was 'Wh-what--'"  Davidson achieved rather well the man- ner of a strong, simple man gone sud- denly shaky with fright.  "'I told you that you probably wouldn't like it,' Varduk said, like an adult reminding a child. Then he got up out of his armchair and took the book from Schaefer's hands. He began to talk again. 'Schaefer, I want to see you here in this room after you finish your football practise this afternoon.'  "Schaefer didn't make any answer. All of us edged backward and got out of there."  Davidson paused, so long that Pursui- vant asked, "Is that all?"  "No, it isn't. In a way, it's just the beginning. Schaefer made an awful fool of himself five or six times on the field that day. He dropped every one of his passes from center when we ran signals, and five or six times he muffed the ball at drop-kick practise. The coach told him in front of everybody that he acted like a high school yokel. When we finished and took our showers, he hung back until I came out, so as to walk to the dormitory with me. He tagged along like a fright- ened kid brother, and when we got to the front door he started upstairs like an   W. T.--5  