JUDY OF THE CIRCLE BAR 99    them for my dinner." A wistful glance at the stream. "I've driven two hundred miles to get here."  Judy steeled herself to be cold and hard and practical. "That's not my fault. You couldn't have helped seeing the 'No Fishing' sign on our gate. Now you must go."  "But this is my first chance to get into the mountains, to camp and to fish and to sleep in the open. I've been looking forward to it! When my new picture was finished at last, I threw my duffel into the old car and--"  "Your new picture!" Judy's voice was filled with awe. "Then you--you're a movie hero?"  The stranger started to reel in his line. "In a modest way, yes. Perhaps you've seen my name--Brant Com- stock?"  "Brant Comstock? Well," she blushed, "you see, I hardly ever see any pictures. . . . But that you're an actor does make a difference."  "Does it?" The smile had returned, and there was a gay twinkle in the deep brown eyes, both smile and twinkle do- ing strange things to Judy's romantic heart. "And now may I ask your name?"  "It's Tudy Forrest." Impulsively she added, "Suppose you catch that mess of trout. Then suppose I cook them for you. You see, since you're camping alone and I'm holding down the ranch alone, if we can eat together we'll both be less lonesome."  "A jim-dandy idea! But do you mean to say, Miss Judy, you're alone on this big ranch?"  Judy shrugged. "I'm seventeen, and there's nothing to be afraid of."  "I suppose not. But I can't imagine your folks leaving--"  "Daddy and Mother had to drive to Dawson on busines. They know I'll be all right. I've stayed alone before."  "You have, Judy!" surveying her with frank admiration. "But if the fishing goes well I may not get back until evening. That O.K.?"  "O.K." Judy was radiant. "Now it's     settled. We'll have supper together. Adios!"  Not even feeling her feet touch the earth, she sped back to the house. What was this new and strange and wonder- ful something which had come into her life?  Joyfully she carried in wood and wa- ter. She built a fire in the range and made a cake and a pie. What else would they have for supper? Fresh butter and fresh buttermilk would be a treat for Brant, so Judy churned, al- though this was onlv Tuesday and the churning was usually done on Satur- day.  She fed the chickens and gathered the egg's, she fed the pigs, she corralled the milk cows, she watered and fed her saddle pony, Torchy. She had even done the milking and separated the milk when at last Brant Comstock ar- rived.  Though he was sunburned and bitten by mosquitoes and gnats, he was hap- piness itself. He called, "Hi, Judy! Just look at this catch! Twenty, all ready to fry! I could almost eat 'em raw."  "I'll bet you could. You won't have to do that. . . . Brant, over there across the bridge where you left your car isn't a good place to camp. Why couldn't you pull in here and pitch your tent somewhere in the yard?"  Judy had told him she wasn't afraid of being alone, but all the same it would be reassuring to have someone near. That is, someone like Brant Comstock.  She noticed that he hesitated, pinch- ing his sunburned chin where whiskers were showing their dark heads. At last he shrugged, and she heard him mur- mur, "I guess it's all right, fella. There's nobody around here to talk."  Judy, watching Brant go for his car, thought with alarm, "There is some- body. Mrs. Hargraves, darn her scan- dal-wangling tongue! And Dad prob- ably asked Tommy Hargraves to come to help me with the chores even though I told him not to bother."  A minute later she was cooking the