SKYLINE TRAIL 105    horse when he rode him in the Wagon- tire rodeo that fall.  "A nice exhibition," spoke a voice from behind.  Fran turned from the task of teach- ing White Arrow to pick up a handker- chief with bared teeth. A tall young man, wearing whipcords and leather jacket, stood at the foot of a small knoll.  "He's not for sale," stated the girl calmly.  The newcomer's eyes twinkled. Nice eyes, thought Fran, with an innate friendliness in their depths.  "Sounds as if you'd had some offers," he commented.  "About three a week. Whenever I see an hombre stalking across the range with a determined look on his face and admiration in his eyes, I know what he's got in mind."  "Need that admiration always be for a horse?" inquired the other gently.  Crimson banners waved in Fran's smooth cheeks. "It always has been."  "Then count this day an exception." Plainly the young man was enjoying her confusion. "I'm in the market for a phone, not a horse. My plane's grounded over beyond that rise."  It was then Fran noted the tiny pair of silver wings on the lapel of his leather jacket. A flyer! It developed that his name was Boyd Hanley, en- gaged in range seeding with a second- hand plane he'd picked up at auction two months before.  "A cantankerous old lady," Hanley chuckled. "I have to humor her a lot. But she scatters grass seed like no- body's business and I figure this job'll cover the cost of a new plane when I've finished."  Fran had heard of the government's plan to re-establish overgrazed range- lands by means of airplane seeding. But she hadn't realized the project extended this far north.  "There's a phone at my Lazy Q," she offered. "You'll see the buildings just beyond the bend in the trail."  "I'm not good at findin' my way     around alone." Mock gravity marked the flyer's bronzed face. "You couldn't --er--personally conduct me to that phone?"  Fran's lips quirked, a dimple appear- ing momentarily. "Just follow the trail. You can't miss it."  "But I'm a sky rider, not a trail walker. If there's anything in this well known range hospitality. . .  "There is," laughed the girl, capitu- lating. "But some people take advan- tage of it."  Somehow the sunshine seemed brighter, the sky more heavenly blue, as Fran and Boyd Hanley strolled along the valley trail with White Ar- row following. A magnificent animal, the albino. Slim-barreled, yet power- ful. Every line of him, from arched neck to flowing silver tail, bespoke a royal lineage.  "First time I ever saw a pure al- bino," spoke Boyd Hanley, glancing back at the spirited horse.  "Pure whites are very rare." And then Fran was telling of the day three years before when she'd found a weak little all-white colt struggling in a sand pit and had taken it home to hand raise.  "From one of those wild hill bands, I reckon," surmised Hanley. "I often see 'em when I'm cruisin' over the breaks. Makes you a pretty valuable horse, I guess, with all those tricks he knows."  "He's not mine any more," said the girl. "Not since Colonel Morehouse of- fered three thousand and laid the cash on the line. It meant paying up a lot of debts and putting the Lazy Q in the clear."  "But you "had other offers?"  "Dozens. But it wasn't only the money. Most of the would-be buyers were show people, who'd drag White Arrow from one end of the country to the other for what they could make out of him. But Colonel Morehouse loves horses; his Flying M's a regular horse heaven. He had to go East this sum- mer on business and asked me to finish