CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 11   "You men probably think you've made a good deal," he remarked, try- ing hard to appear friendly. "But there's a war on in those Canyons of the Night. You'll get shot if you go in --by one side or the other. The Garys and the McWhirters and the Neils got two of the seven canyons on the east side of the river, and the Cross Seven has the other five. They been fightin' to see who gets them all. The prin- cipal owner of the Cross Seven, Addi-  ROANE BRANDON  son Stevens, was killed in a gun battle not long ago. This city dude Temple who's running the ranch has no more business managin' a horse ranch than I got ramroddin' a Sunday-school. If I were you, I'd keep out of that fight. Temple and his punchers can't protect you from the Garys and their neigh- bors."  "The Garys used to be decent folks when I worked here before," remarked Andy. "Tough now, are they?"  "Tough! You bet they're tough. I wouldn't ride through those canyons now for all the horses in the West. Five of the Cross Seven men been killed, besides Addison Stevens."  "You take a lot of interest in our health," said Roane coolly. "I'd like to ask why?"  Coulter stared at Brandon hard. "You could ask," he rasped out, "and I'd tell     you that it's none of your damned busi- ness, except that it happens I don't want you or anybody else in that coun- try. Is that plain?"  The saloon man had raised his voice suddenly so that his words could be heard over the entire room. Roane and Partle quickly glanced about them. The gambling establishment in the Coulter saloon occupied over half of the big room. A half-dozen dealers were on duty, lounging about their tables and layouts, since the saloon was practically empty. These dealers, Partle and Bran- don noticed, were suddenly alert. All were armed with six-shooters; the faro lookout was holding an ugly-looking shotgun over his knees. Roane realized this Coulter saloon and gambling place could be a tough place. He himself was not armed; he never went armed into a town. He went armed in wildernesses where he might run into a grizzly on the rampage.  Andy Partle wore an old Bisley mod- el six-shooter stuck behind his belt. Andy moved now so that he faced both the dealers and Coulter, with his hand just above the handmade cedar handles of the gun. "I wouldn't start anything, Coulter," said Andy. "I'm old, but I can still plug a dollar in the belly at thirty paces. My friend's got no gun, but he don't need one. That young'un without a shootin' iron is more danger- ous than you are with one, Coulter. With his bare hands he could tear you apart, you and any two men you got in here. And what he can't tear apart, I'll shore shoot apart."  For a moment Coulter stared at Andy Partle's Bisley, then he looked at Roane Brandon in his garb that was reminis- cent of the old fur trapper days. Mean- while the dealers in the place looked at their employer for some signal. Abrupt- ly Coulter shrugged his shoulders.  "If you want to go in and buy horses off the Cross Seven, all right," he stat- ed. "It's no funeral of mine." Turn- ing, he strolled back into his office.  Coulter had backed down, but when Partle and Brandon left, they kept a