46 ROBERT DALE DENVER    told me you didn't have much trouble at the other end."  Roane chuckled grimly. "No, it was the other bunch that had all the trou- ble."  Dr. Will Gary, a cigar stuck jauntily in his mouth, and lugging a long-bar- reled rifle, crawled over to join them. "Enough men down there to burn us all out if they ever get loose," he re- marked. "I just can't believe what I'm seeing and hearing. Jean Carvel says they killed Fred Temple, intending to put the blame for this whole ruckus on him. And she said Coulter admitted he wasn't boss of all this; that the boss was the man that shot Temple from that room, only Jean didn't see who he was. Who he could be is something I can't figure out."  As full day came, the shots again began buzzing up angrily. Then they suddenly stopped, and a man, after wav- ing a rag that might be called white, showed himself. Coming closer, the flag bearer was revealed as Gid Coulter. He marched up to the fence and halted.  Clayton Gary showed himself on the slope. "What you wantin'?" he called.  "We'll give you one chance to get out of this with your lives," called Coulter. "Quit now and we'll let you have a week to take your families and your stock out of these canyons. You can't lick us. You can't hold us down here; we'll find a way out."  "Coulter," said Clayton, astounded by the man's brass, "on top of all else you're a fool. This country won't stand for a massacre by a red man or white. You can try to blame this on Temple but we know Temple is dead and you and Threllen and every one of your bunch will pay for this."  "Try to collect that pay," snarled Coulter. "Nobody is going to do any- thing to any of us. This will go down as just a neighborhood quarrel. Are you quitting or not? It's your last chance."  "Get out of my sight!" raged Gary. "Before I lose control of my trigger finger! We'll hunt the highest tree in     the country to hang you from. Along with Threllen and whoever is the big boss of your gang."  Coulter retreated and the guns start- ed up again in a renewed fury. Some of the attackers were going along the cliff walls hunting for a way of escape, while the Garys and their neighbors trailed them along the rim of the gorge, angling down shots whenever they saw targets. One man succeeded in climb- ing to a ledge that seemed to promise a route to the rim. Lee Gary discovered him and fired a wild shot. The man, however, was scared and, losing his hold, fell some thirty feet to land in a crumpled heap.  The sun began to shine down with an increasing warmth that gave prom- ise of an oven heat later in the day. Reluctantly the Cross Seven riders were forced to realize that they were in a jam, caught in a rock-girt pen whose two gateways were defended by stubborn riflemen. There was no hope of successfully attacking those block- ing fences in daylight. Their best chance was in waiting until night, hop- ing that a mountain storm might come up, bringing a darkness that would en- able them to cut through one of the fences. But Coulter and Threllen evi- dently weren't willing to wait. They seemed possessed by the fierce desire of all trapped animals for freedom. There must be some other way out, and with a cautious regard for the watch- ing rifles, they continued to search for it, not overlooking any possible out for them.  It was half an hour before one of the group discovered the chimney-like crack in a cliff wall. Clmbing it, the man came to a water trough channeled in the rock and angling steeply up- ward. Unaware that eyes were watch- ing from above, he returned jubilantly to report his discovery. Shortly after- ward, some ten men began crawling up the chimney, with rifles fastened to their backs. Below, the remainder of the Threllen-Coulter force had opened up a hot fire, keeping their guns boom-