102 STEPHEN PAYNE    Judy takes up with a young city slicker, and--"  "Stop!" cried Judy. "You're just as nasty as your horrid old mother. You're--"  "You slamming my ma?"  "Oh, I didn't mean that. Not the way it sounded." Judy thought quick- ly. "You see, Tommy, the situation isn't what you think it is at all. I--I have every right in the world to live in the same house with Brant Com- stock if I choose."  "Huh?" Tommy looked slightly less like a smug hypocrite. "What you getting at, Judy?"  "Brant is my husband."  Having taken this plunge, Judy thought triumphantly, "There! Will that spike the guns of the gossips!"  But in another moment Tommy was hooting the idea that Judy could have been married so quickly after her par- ents had left the ranch. He demanded proof.  And Judy told a convincing story. A story based on the fact that during the month of April she had visited her aunt in the city--as Tommy and the entire neighborhood knew. At that time she had met Brant Comstock and they had been married, keeping the wedding quiet because she was under age. Never- theless, Daddy and Mother had been delighted, and when Brant had come to the ranch early yesterday they had welcomed him as their son.  But after Tommy had mounted and turned his horse toward the gate lead- ing to the highway, he threw a parting shot. "Well, the wedding sure won't be a secret no longer!"  When she could again think clearly, Judy asked herself with terrible uneasi- ness, "I wonder if I haven't jumped out of the frying pan into the fire!"  She petted the big yellow cat, told him her worries, and received in re- turn only the cold comfort of a com- plaining "Meow." The day dragged past as if it never would end. Then once again it was evening and the chores were done and supper was all     ready except for frying the trout Brant would bring.  When he did arrive he was more sun- burned, more tortured by mosquitoes and gnats than yesterday. But he was gloriously happy--so happy that his mood transmitted itself to troubled Judy.  Supper was over, the dishes washed. Brant's pipe was scenting the living room where he and Judy were sit- ting with the big old kero- scene lamp between them on the table, when all at once from out-of- doors on every side of the log house arose a most terrific din. The blast of a trumpet and a mouth organ; the tinny rattle of pieces of iron on dish- pans and tubs; the clanging of cowbells and the wild whooping of many voices all combined into an ear-splitting bed- lam of noise.  Brant dropped his pipe and threw at the girl a strange, startled glance. "What the dickens?"  "What the dickens?" reiterated Judy, marveling that her lips and tongue had moved when otherwise she felt petri- fied.  Faces at the windows now. Men and women, girls and boys pounding on the glass, rattling the doors. A stentorian voice called:  "Hi there, bride and groom! Open up and give us a treat. The cigars are on you."  Never had Judy seen anyone look quite so astounded as Brant Comstock. She sprang up and caught his arm. "It's a charivari," she said in a hollow tone. "Oh, Brant," and her eyes sought him, "you must--you must act as if we're married and go through with it."  "Bu--but why, Judy? It's all a mis- take."  "No," wildly. "They think-- Here they are. . . . Oh, hello, Mrs. Gates and Mrs. Bridger. Hello, everybody! How do you do, Mrs. Hargraves (you old hell-cat!). Hello, Tommy. (I could choke you!)"