POKER WINNINGS 69    You knew that, Lem?" This question shot straight at the white face of the man addressed. "Anybody with a hold on Bixby could have given him or- ders to do or to say anything." Bill's steady gaze held the eyes of the crowd.  He saw Van, partly concealed by two broad-shouldered old cattlemen near the fringe of the onlookers. And Bill caught the gleam of savage fury in Van's eyes as somebody demanded of Bill, "What you trying to prove, young fellow?"  "The truth. You've all heard me and can do your own thinking," Bill re- plied, adding, "Only one more word. My father's coat was torn off and lost in the flood. Anything in the nature of a receipt--or a canceled note--would have been lost!"  "Damn you!" The frenzied shout was followed by a sharp explosion. A bullet struck the post behind Bill's head as he ducked and catapulted him- self through the jam of men.  "Van shot!" came a yell. "It was Van!"  Young Carter pulled trigger for a second time, his face distorted to a mask of fury. Men sprang back as Bill flung himself towards Van, stooping low, then coming up in a terrific lunge, hard fist striking Carter on the chin while his other hand gripped the wrist above the forty-five. Van fought with the unleashed fury of insanity. Bill with the deadly purpose of a man who knows exactly what he is doing. The impact of flesh on flesh, the explosion of gunfire were followed by a cracking of bone as Van's crushed wrist drooped and the forty-five fell to the ground.  Sam Ordway was shouting and the cold, hard tones of the sheriff rang above the tumult. "Get him, boys!" that officer ordered. "Lem, too!" His     tall, sinewy figure strode toward the elder Carter, who stood as if frozen to the ground. "Guess we don't need much more proof of the truth, after Van's break."  It was some time before Bill could extricate himself from the crowd. The tide of feeling against the Carters surged higher and higher. Van's bro- ken words as he was led off to the jail were an even more complete betrayal of Carter guilt, and there were a dozen witnesses to attest to his attempt to shoot Bill.  Bill turned into a side street and walked slowly along, trying to quiet his excitement and sort his thoughts. Quick, light steps behind him were un- heeded until a soft call stopped him. "Bill--wait!"  Martha came quickly to his side. She caught his arm with both hands and looked up into his face. "You were splendid!" she exclaimed. "You should hear what people are saying!"  The seriousness of Bill's face yielded to a smile. "Poker is a great game," he said. "But let's forget that now. I'm a lot more interested in what you think of my reason for taking a hand in your affairs."  Dark eyelashes veiled her eyes. "We-ell," she said slowly. "I might say I found it very interesting."  Then Bill kissed her. "Couldn't have managed that if you had been looking at me," he whispered. "Your eyes are too dazzling. And now let's go some place and talk things over. How about getting our horses and riding out to your place? We'll be all set to break the news to your father when he comes home."  "Oh!" Martha murmured, blushing deeply. "He's there now. I only said that to get rid of Van."    IN THE NEXT ISSUE Buckaroo Bounce By S. OMAR BARKER