MARIE DE NERVAUD    WORLD'S lARGEST DENTAL PLATE MAKERS Now mm by Mail $7.95 FALSE TEETH Transparent roof Roofless Partial On 60 Days' Trial! from Our Laboratory Direct to You! Dental Plates made to measure- Indi- vidually- by MAIL. Take own impression at home. Over 100,000 men &amp; women wear teeth we made. MONEY-BACK GUARANTEED SEND NO MONEY! FREE Impression Material, Infor-mation, Catalog, Low Prices. United States Dental Co. 1555 Milwaukee Ave., Dept. 3-13 Chicago, ILL.   ANY PHOTO ENLARGED Size 8x10 inches or smaller if de-sired. Same price for full length or bust form, groups, landscapes, pet animals, etc., or enlargements of any part of group picture. Safe return of orginial photo guaranteed. 47c 3 for $1.00 SEND NO MONEY Just mail photo or snapshot (any size) and within a week you will recieve your beautiful enlargement, guaranteed fadeless. Pay postman 47c plus postage- or send 49c with order and we pay postage. Big 16x20-inch enlargement sent C.O.D. 78c plus postageor send 80c and we pay postage. Take advantage of this amaz-ing offer now. Send your photos today. Specify size wanted. STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 100 E. Ohio St., Dept. 603-C, Chicago   Beware of Chronic Ailments Often Due to Piles and Colon Troubles If afflicted with Colon and Rectal troubles, or Stomach conditions, write today for large 122-page FREE BOOK. McCleary Clinic, 321 Elms Blvd., Excelsior Springs, Mo.   Do you want to STOP TOBACCO? Banish the craving for tobacco as thousands have. Make yourself frree and happy with Tobacco Redeemer. Write for free booklet telling of in-juruous effect of tobacco and of a treatment which has re-lieved many men. 30 Years In Business FREE BOOK 600 Clayton STa., St. Louis, Mo.   Dice Cards Magical For the PROFESSIONAL, made by professionals. Not the ordinary kind. Squares-Missouts-Passers-Cards-Inks-Daubs-Shiners-Books- Exposes-Accessories for every occasion. Send your name and address with 25 cents for new 1942 catalogue. B &amp; B Specialties Box 2482-U Kansas City, Mo.   (SIDELINE Salesmen and Agents) Sell our Illustrated Comic Booklets, and other novelties. Each booklet size 4 1/4 by 2 3/4. Ten different sample booklets sent for 50c or 25 as-sorted for $1.00. Shipped prepaid. Wholesale novelty price list sent with order only. No C.O.D. orders. Send Cash or Stamps, Print name and address. REPSAC SALES CO., 1 West 13th St., Dept. 3003, New York, N.Y.   CASH for your surplus unused U.S. Stamps Mail Order Dealers: Collectors: We buy accumulations and surplus UNUSED U.S. Postage stamps 90% face value for denominations 1/2c to 19c. 85% face value for denominations 20c to 50c. Small lots 85% MAIL STAMPS REGISTERED. Money sent by return mail. GARBER SERICE 72 Fifth Ave., Dept. 3003 New York City   INVENTORS Take prompt steps to protect you invention. Delays are dangerous. Gent new FREE book, "Protect, Fiance, and Sell Your Invention," and "Invention Record" form. Preliminary information free. Reasonable fees. Conscientious counsel. Easy payment plan. Learn how to protect and sell your invention. Write us today. McMorrow &amp; Berman Registered Patent Attorneys 129-L ALBEE BUILDING WASHINGTON, D. C.       res had actually known each other. Suppose it all seemed a dream to her! A wild bit of unreality that would fade away once she was back in her own environment!  Memory of Dolores' lips against his, of the look in those deep eyes, ban- ished his sudden fear. It wasn't time that counted, when a man and woman came together as he and Dolores had.  The hypnotic rhythm of the wind through the trees and the soft envelop- ing darkness lulled Roy's tired nerves to a doze and then to deep sleep. How long he slept he never knew, but all his life he was to remember his awaken- ing.  Through his troubled dreams, flares of light brought him to half conscious- ness and an excited foreigner jabbering completed the shattering of his rest. He tried to sit up, but found he could not move, nor could he see anything through the blinding light that he stared into.  A sharp commanding voice said in Spanish "Let him speak! But first tie him securely!"  In spite of Roy's struggles against the many hands holding him, he was rolled on one side, and his wrists and ankles were securely bound with harsh horsehair riatas. He was then jerked to a sitting position with his back against a tree. Before him he saw a striking looking older man in black riding breeches of a curious cut, a black embroidered bolero sort of jacket, and a broad black sombrero that kept his eyes and forehead in deep shadow.  With him were several vaqueros who stopped their chattering at the older man's peremptory gesture, and stood back respectfully, watching with ex- cited beady black eyes while he spoke to Roy in slow, stilted English.  "What do you do here, in this can- yon?"  Roy's impulsive desire to say it was none of his business gave way to better judgment at the expression of the   132 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements