112 L. LINDLEY MULKEY    ing stare that sent a chill through Fran's heart.  "Thanks, sweetheart," he whispered once, as she handed him a cup of cof- fee. "You 'n' me are goin' to git better acquainted once we hit the badlands."  Fran's brown eyes hated him, while a swift fear wakened in her breast. Why hadn't Sheriff Bronson come? Or Boyd Hanley?  A sudden staccato hum broke through the girl's thoughts. A plane! Those others in the camp had frozen to attention, all eyes fixed on the sky. And then the plane circled into view, sunlight glinting on silver wings. Tears started in Fran's eyes; her throat ached. Boyd! She'd know that old crate anywhere!  Swiftly the plane came on, flying fairly low. Did she dare signal Boyd? Fran caught at the bright scarf about her throat. But in that moment Snide Felton's pale eyes met hers.  Fran's hand dropped. It didn't mat- ter, she thought. Boyd couldn't fail to see them. Now he was at the upper end of the arroyo. And now directly over- head. Fran watched breathlessly for that dip of his wings, his invariable greeting to her. But that signal did not come. The plane continued on a steady even course, passing overhead and on toward the southwest.  Boyd hadn't seen them! Or if he had, he'd figured the covered wagon and horses were some sheepherder's camp. The girl turned and saw Snide and Jud Felton exchange a cryptic satisfied glance.  AN overwhelming worry claimed Fran as the outfit once more got under way. Yet surely Boyd would come back! If he didn't. . . . But Fran thrust the thought away.  All afternoon they jolted over the rough trail, stopping at dusk for sup- per. Snide and Jud Felton tended the horses while Tanya lighted the little oil stove. Fran watched with bleak despairing eyes. All at once the old woman turned, pointing to the little     tank on the stove, then to a five-gallon oil can in the wagon.  "Empty. You fill," she said gutter- ally, setting her box of matches on the tail-board of the wagon.  The girl rose to obey, lifting off the stove tank and unscrewing the cap on the five-gallon can. And then suddenly every nerve in her body tightened. Out of the southwest came the unmistak- able hum of Boyd Hanley's plane! Fran's heart leaped, then sank like a leaden weight. If Boyd couldn't see them at noon, he'd never spot them in the dusk!  A moment and the plane would be overhead. Suddenly an idea leaped full-formed into Fran's mind. She dropped the oil tank, its contents gush- ing forth upon hard shale. A match next, from that box on the tail-board! A swift rake against the iron wagon wheel and Fran cast it, blazing, into the spilled kerosene.  A column of flame exploded upward into the dusk. Fran scarcely felt Snide Felton's fingers biting deep into her arms, scarcely heard his curses. Her face was tipped up, eyes straining to catch Boyd's dipping wings, signaling that he'd seen. But that wing dip did not come. For the second time that day, Fran watched the plane sail swift- ly out of sight.  Crawling hours of darkness. Sleep- lessness. Despair. Fran, lying with her wrist linked to that of old Tanya, shud- dered at the thought of the morrow. By noon they'd reach the Mule River ford. Once across it, she must resign herself to Jud Felton's love-making, with its ultimate hateful climax. One against three. She was entirely at their mercy.  Snide Felton roused old Tanya at dawn. Twenty minutes later the outfit was again moving forward. Fran felt beaten, whipped, swaying there atop the wagon seat. If only she had her gun . . . could die quickly, cleanly. But Jud Felton carried it in his belt, a mute symbol of his power.  It was mid-morning when the outfit