WYOMING SEÑORITA    the right of way over civilians. In helpless rage, Roy could only wait his turn. Instead of midnight Wednes- day, when he had hoped to reach San Francisco, it was midnight Thursday before he got there.  Again the nightmare of delay went on. Because of the tire shortage, no automobiles were for rent for such a trip. After hours of search, Roy bought a second-hand car, and started down the coast.  At the restaurant where he stopped in Monterey, he was given directions as to how to reach the Alcadero del Rey ranch, but the waiter was even more specific with warnings to stay away.  "It's a hot bed of fifth column down there," he explained in answer to Roy's questions. "Those old Spanish fam- ilies have never admitted they were part of the U.S.A. We're still gringos to them! Germans have come up there from Mexico, and there are plenty of Japs who slipped down there before the great move away from the coast be- gan. Just last week, there was an at- tempt to dynamite the one road that leads down there. They may have suc- ceeded since then. We don't get too much news up here about what's go- ing on. The sheriff is fit to be tied try- ing to keep an eye on things down there."  Roy wolfed down his food, listening with only half an ear to the warnings. As time went on, all the outside world became more and more of a blur to him in the intensity of his fears and longing for Dolores.  "Thanks!" He nodded and paid his bill. "I reckon I'll push down as far as the Big Sur, anyway."  On and on, impervious to the gor- geous scenery, to the massive cliffs and the sparkling expanse of the Pacific, Roy pushed his way. Excitement rose in him as his speedometer told him he was nearing his goal.  About thirty miles more, according to what the waiter in Monterey had      FALSE TEETH Low as $7.00 90-DAY TRIAL GUARANTEE! Try Brookfield plates- made under super-vision of licensed dentists. Price to fit your pocketbook ON MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE. Write today for FREE Impression Material, and information. SEND NO MONEY Brookfield Dental Plate Co. Dept. 3-C3 Brookfield, Mo.   Asthma Mucus Loosened First Day For Thousands of Sufferers Choking, gasping, wheezing spasms of Bronchial Asthma ruin sleep and energy. Ingredients in the perscription Mendaco quickly circulate through the blood and commonly help loosen the thick strangling mucus the first day, thus aiding nature in palliating the terrible recurring choking spasms, and in pro-mothing freer breathing and restful sleep. Mendaco is mon a smoke, dope, or injection. Just pleasant, tasteless palliating tablets that have helped thousands of sufferers. Iron clad guarantee- money back un- less completely satisfactory. Ask your druggist for Mendaco today. Only 60c   "Facts about EPILEPSY" This most interesting and helpful Booklet will be mailed to anyone while the supply lasts. I will send a free copy to anyone who writes for it. C.M. Simpson Address Dept. F-10, 1840 W. 44th Street, Cleveland, Ohio   William W. Lord "SUPER-MIND" Eminent international Psychic His Prediction for Past Years Have Proved 95% Correct (Brain wiiled to Cornell University for pos-mortem study.) [3] Questions answered upon reciept of letter in your handwriting and one dollar. [L]ord, 20 West Jackson Blvd., Dept. N5, Chicago.   LAW STUDY AT HOME Win greater respect and success. Learn more, earn more. We guide you step by step- furnish all text material, including fourteen-volume Law Library, Degree of LL.B. conferred. Low cost, easy terms. Get our valuable 48-page "Law Training for Leadership" and "Evidence" books free. Send for them NOW. LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 375L Chicago A Correspondence Institution   Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 129