MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 75    man Ransome. I want to talk about us. Your father's gone inside, so we'll sit on the porch."  He put her onto the porch couch and sat beside her. "This latest idea of preaching sermons on the street is cra- zy. I can't keep my mind on my work because I'm always wondering if you're in trouble."  "But you know--"  "Let me finish." He took her hands in his firm, strong ones. "Why don't you marry me so I can really look after you? This isn't a woman's country and girls like you can get hurt."  Faith went very still. So still that even her breath paused. Mike was ask- ing her to marry him, just as she had dreamed. He was waiting, so close that she could see the line of his mouth and the healthy grain of his skin. For months she had thought of this mo- ment, but now that it had come, some- thing was missing; something which had to be between them. "Is that the only reason why you want to marry me? So you can look after me?"  His head lifted and his eyes grew sharp. "Well," he murmured. "You can play the coquette, too! I didn't believe it."  She flushed and stopped searching for the magic the moment should have had. "Perhaps every woman can--at times," she said, and thought of Pat Ransome with his narrowed, searching eyes. Would he ask a girl to marry him so that he might look after her? Or would it be only because he couldn't live without her?  "Sorry, darling," Mike murmured. "I shouldn't have said that. I can make pretty speeches, too."  "Then make some."  "No. there are better ways." And his head bent over hers. He claimed her lips with the tenderness which was part of him. A tenderness that was ines- capable and yet could never be soft- ness.  But when he released her there were stinging tears in her eyes. What Mike, whom she had hoped to marry, was of-     fering wasn't enough. She was seeing Pat Ransome's face, remembering him as he had stood in the light, looking after her. He had come to Lawrence so that Knox's thievery and graft could control another public office--yet he was making her forget the touch of Mike's lips!  "Faith," Harvey said softly, "I'm leaving. Guess I muffed things this time."  "No--wait." She got up and her hands clung to him. "You didn't muff anything."  He put his fingers under her chin and tilted her face up to his. "Sure?" he asked, huskily. "You've got to be sure."  Instead of answering, she lifted her mouth and, a moment later, whispered: "No one could ever find a better hus- band than you'll be."  He laughed and pushed her gently away from him. "Hold that theory, lady. Just now I've got work to do. By the time I get back there'll probably be a few more gunshot cases."  III  FAITH was finishing the supper dishes when she heard her father leave his study and go softly along the hall to the front door. She raced out of the kitch- en, calling: "Where are you going?"  "To make this town listen to me. You didn't think I'd give up?"  "Please don't! You'll be hurt."  "That's not important."  Realizing that she could not stop him, she turned swiftly toward her own room, saying: "Then I'll go with you as soon as I get a wrap."  He nodded absently and waited for her to join him for the short walk to the business district. But as they ap- proached the Great Western Hotel, they were almost forced off the side- walk by the surging, reckless crowd. "Looks as if Tom Knox is holding open house," Byers said, grimly. "I suppose