CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 39    ing the drink down his throat, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  "Temple, you been botchin' up things out here," he said deliberately. "I told you not to deal with those two men that said they wanted to buy horses. They didn't come here for horses. Someone had 'em come in here--we don't know who. Whoever it was paid that thousand dollars just to get that pair to the ranch. Threllen has had them taken care of, but it could have been serious. You don't seem to realize you're not really running the ranch, Temple."  "No?" sneered Temple. "As admin- istrator of the Stevens estate, I con- trol most of the common stock of the Cross Seven Company, in addition to the stock I own personally."  "Stock!" Coulter laughed. "Just a lot of paper." He poured himself an- other drink. "You're a slick one, Temple. It was a slick idea, making people think Addison Stevens had gone crazy before he was killed. And ar- ranging it to get the daughter de- clared crazy legally--and meanwhile tryin' to drive her crazy. You figured it would be easy to prove Hamlin Stevens insane, and with the girl and uncle declared loco by a court, you'd have the same as sole ownership of the whole ranch."  Temple shrugged. "No trick to it. Everyone knows about Hamlin and it's been my opinion that Linda is not mentally responsible. We now have the evidence to show it in court. Mrs. McNab, a graduate nurse, will testify that the girl is not responsible."  "A wonderful scheme," remarked Coulter. "But it's got one bad flaw. You've been fool enough to overlook one thing."  Temple stiffened. "I don't like your talk, Gid."  The saloonman-gambler shrugged. "You'll have to learn to like it. I'm taking charge here tonight. Threllen and the others will be taking my or- ders--not yours."     Jean Carvel, crouched outside the open window, was watching and listen- ing so intently that she almost forgot to breathe. It was like a scene from a play, but no play could ever be a tenth as dramatic. To her it seemed that Coulter was playing with the hapless Temple, as the proverbial cat with its proverbial mouse.  "Threllen," said Temple, "see that this fellow leaves the ranch and doesn't come back."  Threllen was humorless; there was not the ghost of a grin on his face. He merely remained grimly silent.  Gid Coulter, however, grinned, wol- fishly, and Temple realized suddenly what he was up against: that Threllen was Coulter's man, and that the other men on the ranch would take Threl- len's orders.  "I see," he said. "There seems noth- ing for me to do but to leave you in charge and have you thrown out in the courts. That won't be difficult. I can get friends to advance me enough to pay off the money you loaned to the ranch."  Coulter's grin widened. "Courts, is it? We're in a canyon of the River Night. A long ways from a court, Temple. I hand it to you, you've been playing a slick game, to get this ranch by shutting up your relatives for in- sanity and at the same time driving out your neighbors. You're a good enough horseman to know the ranch is a millon-dollar proposition here, that the horses running on the range could bring in a couple hundred thou- sand dollars cash sold to the right parties. A slick game, Temple, but you're licked."  "We'll see," declared Temple con- fidently. "You can't scare me. If any- thing happens to me here, there'd be an inquiry that would send you to the gallows. I've got friends behind me; my wife would see to it that they'd send in a bunch of detectives."  "Would they now?" asked Coulter, and chuckled. "Detectives wouldn't get far in this country. I'm not trying