110 L. LINDLEY MULKEY    leastways till Sheriff Bronson gits here."  "Prisoner! Well, I'll be hanged!"  "You will be, all right!" snapped Paddy. "'Less you loosen up mighty quick and tell Sheriff Bronson what them pals of your'n have done with White Arrow!"  "The albino! What--"  "As if yuh didn't know he was stole last night!" growled the old Irishman caustically.  "Stolen!"  "You know damned well he was!" snapped Paddy, patience at an end. "And you needn't act so carnsarned innocent! What's more, if any harm comes to Miss Fran while she's trackin' down them Felton coyotes, I'll settle with you myself, law or no law!"  Boyd Hanley's gray eyes narrowed. "You mean Fran's trying to catch up with White Arrow?"  "Exactly!" snapped Paddy McGrew. "And if you think you'll git a chance't to warn Snide and Jud Felton, you're mistaken. Sheriff Bronson'll be here any minute to take you into Wagontire. And you'll stay right there in jail till we git White Arrow back!"  Boyd Hanley suddenly straightened, gray gaze fastened on a point beyond Paddy McGrew's shoulder. "But there's Fran and White Arrow now!" he ex- claimed. "Just rounding the corner of the Lazy Q corral!"  Paddy McGrew turned and in that moment a hundred and eighty pounds of corded sinew struck him. Paddy's gun exploded harmlessly into the ground, then for the second time in twenty-four hours he went out like a light.  A horse and rider pounded through the Lazy Q gate, leaving a plume of dust in their wake. Sheriff Bronson! Swiftly the flyer picked up Paddy Mc- Grew's limp body and dumped it into the rear cockpit of his plane. A quick turn of the switch and propeller. The engine roared. Hanley slipped into the pilot's seat and the next moment was skimming across the valley in a clean     take-off. Higher and higher the plane lifted, circling the Lazy Q buildings, then zooming westward out of sight.  WHEN Fran left the Lazy Q, she headed toward a low line of hills that lay like blue haze along the southern horizon. Here the country became rough and broken, with scrub juniper and pine covering the higher slopes.  Two miles farther on the hills merged into the alkali flats, a shim- mering old lake bed from some pre- historic age. Here a vast unwrinkled sheet of gray alkali dust recorded ev- ery track left by man or beast and spread them like a pattern for all others to read. Fran cut a wide circle across the flats and finally found what she was looking for. Wagon tracks, accompan- ied by two ridden and one led horse. They came into the flats from the north, yet at a different angle than she, her- self, had followed.  Fran cast a swift glance in the direc- tion of Wagontire, but there was no sign of Sheriff Bronson. Perhaps he hadn't been in his office when Paddy phoned. In which case, she'd better ride on in order to cut down the Fel- tons' lead. When Sheriff Bronson reached the flats, he'd see where her tracks merged with those of the carni- val outfit and follow pronto. Any West- erner could read that sign with his eyes shut.  Fran knew she was making good time, grimly overhauling the more cumbersome outfit ahead. The bright sun wheeled like a golden disk across the sky, topping the zenith, then drop- ping toward the west. Still Fran kept on, prodding the little bay to faster pace. Now and then she glanced back- ward along her trail. But when after- noon shadows lengthened across the hills, there was still no sign of Sheriff Bronson.  The tracks of the carnival outfit showed fresh now. Fran knew they