54 ERIC HOWARD   Early in the afternoon, Tom an- nounced that he would have to be getting on.  "Back to Butte?" Mrs. Gray asked.  "I reckon--if I don't pick up the trail again. Well, good-by. If this gent doesn't show up, miss, send me word. I'll look for him."  Mary smiled at him. "Oh, I'm sure he'll be here. Jerry wouldn't disap- point me. We're going to be married, you know."  Tom rode off, and Mrs. Gray spent most of the afternoon talking about him--what a fine boy he was, what the Judge had thought of him, how he had lost his parents when he was just a lad and how he had worked and proved himself.  Mrs. Gray retired early, after a light supper, after showing Mary to an old- fashioned room. Mary was sitting be- fore a long mirror, with a lamp on her right, brushing her hair, when she heard a faint tapping on the window. The sound startled her and she dropped the brush.  "Sh!" someone whispered. "Don't wake the old lady. It's me--Jerry. Turn that lamp down."  Trembling, Mary obeyed. Jerry's voice sounded strange, deep and harsh. But after dimming the light, she moved close to the window.  "Jerry?" she whispered.  "Hello, sweetheart," he said. "I saw you when you rode up here, but I didn't want the old lady to know I was around. Then that deputy sheriff-- How are you, Mary?"  "I--I'm fine, Jerry," the girl said uncertainly. "But--but why doesn't anyone know you? Why didn't you want Mrs. Gray to see you? I don't understand."  "I can explain all that. I told you I struck it rich. Well, when that hap- pens in this country a man has to keep it secret. Now listen! You stay here all day tomorrow. Just before sundown you tell the old lady you want to take a little ride. You ride down the hill till you come to the old Silver Queen     mine--there's a big old sign on a build- in' there. I'll meet you there and we'll get goin'."  "Where, Jerry?"  "On south--to the ranch I wrote you about."  "But aren't we going to be married in Butte City? Why didn't you meet me there?"  "I'll tell you all about it tomorrow. I don't want the old lady to hear me-- she's sharp. We'll be married on the way south. You'll be crazy about this ranch, honey. Now just do as I say. You won't be sorry, sweetheart. I've got to go now. Tomorrow--at sun- down."  "All right, Jerry." she whispered. "Another thing--don't call me Jerry. I've had to use another name so they wouldn't get wise to what I've been do- ing. If they knew I was Lansing, they'd know what I was after. Call me Jud, Mary, Jud Lane."  "Jud Lane!" Mary gasped, her hand against her lips.  "Yeah. Good night. See you tomor- row."  Before she could speak, he had drifted into the darkness. Crouching near the window, the girl stared out in- to the night. Jud Lane--that was the name of the man Tom Barnes was hunt- ing. He said he had robbed a bank.   FOR a long time Mary was motionless. Hopeful of a new life with Jerry, whom she remembered as a gay and handsome and daring boy, she had burned her bridges. She couldn't return to her harsh, stern uncle with whom she had lived. But she was afraid of the future, almost afraid of Jerry. He had changed. Even his voice had changed. If what Tom Barnes said was true, he had changed beyond all belief.  She heard a deep sigh from Mrs. Gray in an adjoining room. She list- ened. But the old lady seemed to be asleep. Quietly, Mary prepared for bed. She lay perfectly still, looking out into