82 MARIAN O'HEARN    keeps." And he kissed her with hard lips.  She shivered and wanted to sob. No wild, dangerous sweetness in this. Just anger and fierce challenge. The kind of kiss no man should know about.  She drove her small, clenched fists against his chest and broke away from him. But his face was quiet and his eyes unreadable. "I shouldn't have done that and you shouldn't have come here to make me do it."  She tore her glance free and started for the door, hoping he would not see the tears that were burning into her eyes. But, as she remembered, she stopped and made herself face him. "Tom Knox came to see me this morn- ing. He said that if you win the nom- ination, you'll be killed."  Ransome grinned. "You needn't have told me that, ma'am, but thanks just the same. I figure Knox's crowd will do anything to protect themselves, so I'm ready for a little lead-throw- ing."  "He controls this country, he can give orders to thousands of men. He's filled every office with people who obey him. If he orders them to kill you--"  "They'll try to do it. But I don't in- tend to let them. Thanks again, ma'am." He made the last words an ending, but she could not go. Instead, she re- mained at the door, looking at him, feeling all of her pride being stripped away from her.  "I didn't come here to--to make you kiss me," she said, her voice a low cry. "And last night--"  His face closed and his eyes did not seem to see her. "I told you last night never happened, ma'am. I'd rather re- member this morning. Then it won't be important."  Faith felt the breath stop in her throat and fire poured over her face, as if his hard palm had cracked against her cheek. She jerked blindly at the door and plunging through it, found herself caught in a crush of men mill- ing about the entrance to the building. Curious onlookers were mingled with     the workers and with the soft-faced, sharp-eyed adherents of Tom Knox.  She got through at last and, turning toward home, had to force herself not to run. She would not sob. Not now or ever. Instead, she would always re- call Pat Ransome's insolent, stinging words.  "Faith!" Mike Harvey's voice stopped her as she saw his face, fear struck at her.  "What is it?" she cried. "Have you seen Dad?"  "Yes. I just came from your house. Your father's fine."  "But something's happened."  He hesitated. "I've got to ask you a question I don't like. Did Pat Ran- some go back to see you after I left last night?"  "Go back to see me--" She did not understand, even as she repeated the words. But then her eyes turned very blue and some of the girlishness left her face. "I'm sorry, Mike. That wouldn't have hurt so much if it had come from anyone else."  "Listen!" His hand closed, impa- tiently, on her arm. "You know me too well to think I'd get nasty. I've just got to know--because of something I heard."  "Are you serious? What did you hear? Pat didn't come back, but even if he had--"  "I'm afraid you don't understand what such a story means when it's told by the man involved--in a town like this."  "But it couldn't have--" She stopped and her voice trailed off into a thin, high sound. "Told by the man in- volved. ... "Oh, no." she said, her tone once more firm and steady and her breath more even.  Mike's face tightened. "I'll drop in tonight. Better get home and look after your father."  "Where are you going?"  Instead of answering, he moved swiftly away, toward the main street. She watched him, for a moment, and something in the set of his shoulders,