80 MARIAN O'HEARN    "I'm sorry about that, and the boys'll pay for it, too. Mind if I sit down?"  He pulled out a kitchen chair, as much at ease as if before dawn calls were a frequent occurrence. "Heard Pat Ransome was here last night, that he brought your father home after he was hurt."  Faith was silent, watching his un- naturally heavy face, with the folds of soft flesh beneath a chin which should have been hard.  "Ransome got plenty excited when that crazy fool dragged you in off the street as a witness in his kangeroo court. The man didn't mean any real harm and it wouldn't have happened if he hadn't been drunk."  "That didn't make it any pleasanter."  "Still, I'd hate to think it would cause serious trouble for Ransome."  "How could it cause trouble for him?"  Knox shrugged his thick shoulders. "He seems to have gotten ideas. May- be he got them after talking to you. Late last night he showed up in front of the Great Western Hotel and made a wild-eyed speech. Wanted the peo- ple of Lawrence to drive me out of the Territory." Knox paused and chuckled softly. "And I brought him here! Any- how, he told the crowd that he was going to run for the nomination--in- dependently. Independently! That's funny, isn't it, ma'am? As if anybody could get elected like that in this coun- try."  The thickly enfolded eyes were un- smiling and watchful. But Faith was no longer seeing them. Pat Ransome hadn't become a political puppet! In- stead, he was going to fight Knox! If he could get the people behind him. .. .  "Too bad," Knox broke in and his voice held that thick laughter. "It wouldn't work. Just couldn't, ma'am. Suppose the people of this district were crazy enough to line up behind a man without any political connec- tions. What'd happen?"  "Maybe there would be honest gov- ernment!"     "Depends on how you look at those things. But if Ransome got too many people on his side, it wouldn't be nice --because he wouldn't live long."  The slow, casual words sent ice into the girl's veins. And the man's dark eyes told her that he meant exactly what he had said. Ransome had been his friend, but he would die if he tried to stand in Knox's way.  She stepped back, uncomfortably. "Why are you telling me this? Maybe you ought to tell Pat Ransome."  "I'll do that, too, but he's a stubborn hombre. Thought maybe you could make him listen."  "Why? I never saw him until yes- terday and I don't expect to see him again."  "No?" Knox murmured. "That's too bad. He acted pretty interested, but maybe he doesn't know about young Doc Harvey."  He got up and started for the door, letting his words trail after him. But with his hand on the knob, he went on: "Ransome's an explosive jasper. You saw that last night. He would have killed someone if he hadn't been stopped. Might not be safe for the doc if Pat found out."  "Wait a minute, Mr. Knox. I don't like what you've said and you had no right to come here. Don't do it again!"  "I won't, ma'am. But remember about Ransome. He plays for keeps."  The door snapped closed but she heard him chuckle as he went down the steps.  V  WHEN Faith took a breakfast tray into her father's room at eight o'clock, she was dressed for the street, and the sick man smiled. "I like that outfit," he murmured, "but isn't it a bit fancy for doing housework?"  "I'm going out if you're well enough to be alone for a while."