POKER WINNINGS 63    low supposed to have won in that game could settle the question."  "A stranger from New England-- drifting around for his health, with a pack outfit," Ordway said. "Nobody even knew his name."  "He was a dude and I figure he'd stop in town sometimes," Bill persisted. "I had a hunch to look at the register in Hanover and found that a Philip Well- man of Orchard Beach, Maine, stayed there two nights before the game. Write and see if he's the man we want."  After some further argument, Sam- uel Ordway agreed to carry out Bill's requests. "But keep your suspicions to yourself," he warned insistently, "and don't start anything with Lem Carter!"  BILL went next to the post office. Two small boys were pummeling each other and scuf- fling around the lobby. Evading them, he halted near the General Delivery win- dow to wait his turn. Reflections on his recent interview with the lawyer were broken off abruptly when he glimpsed a girl in the corner of the room.  She stood with arm uplifted to open the last box in an upper row, and the beautifully modeled contours of her figure and the cameo clearness of her profile were outlined against the white- washed side wall. Her skin was only lightly tanned and there was a lovely rose color in the visible cheek. Dark brown hair as soft and glossy as a bird's wing was gathered into a coil at the nape of her neck. Interest kindled rapidly in Bill's eyes as he watched her deft, graceful movements.  Several letters were thrust into her handbag. One she gazed at for a mo- ment, then a hand flashed to her hair, slender fingers grasepd a pin and slit the envelope. Unfolding the sheet of paper this contained, she remained mo- tionless, oblivious to everything be- yond the written lines she was read-     ing. When Bill's turn came he asked vaguely for mail. The girl was mov- ing slowly from the corner now. her attention still on the letter. Suddenly the wrestling boys swung around, striking her violently and flinging her forward, off balance.  Bill caught her before she struck the floor, lifting her to her feet and steady- ing her with a firm arm. The open letter had slid from her grasp and the handbag had been flung against the wall with a force that opened the catch and scattered the contents.  "Oh--thank you!" she exclaimed in a contralto voice that made Bill feel tingly inside. And he saw that her eyes were a deep blue with those in- tensely black pupils that have such a look of mystery. "No, I'm not hurt, just surprised," she laughed.  One man hustled the boys from the lobby with a sharp reproof and another gathered up the handbag and spilled articles. Bill stooped for the open let- ter, and without intention his eye caught the lines:  Martha Darling, I must see you when you come to town Wednesday. Will be at the hotel at noon. If I miss you, will ride out to the ranch. Something quite serious has happened and I--  Bill wrenched his eyes from the let- ter, his face burning uncomfortably as he handed this to its owner. The clerk was calling attention to the mail he had asked for and he stepped back to the window. When he turned, the girl had vanished.  The incident had filled no more than five minutes, yet he felt as if a long time had elapsed since his entry to the post office. A confusion of impressions and unfamiliar emotions stayed with him as he went slowly along the street. He heard the echo of a voice--a laugh and saw her on the porch of the hotel. Those eyes--how deeply blue and ex- citing they were! Remembering them gave Bill a sensation of dizziness.  He halted, striving to concentrate on the small happenings about him. But