30 ROBERT DALE DENVER    dark prominent eyes that shone with a malicious delight. He was dressed in slovenly fashion, but carried an ex- pensive hunting rifle.  Jean was frightened. There was something terrifying about the man although he smiled at her. "Have no fear," he said. "It is only Hamlin Stevens, completely and entirely harm- less. And you're the little girl whose father has been lost." He made a clucking noise of sympathy, and then smiled again.  This, she realized, must be Linda Stevens' uncle, her father's half- brother. While she looked at him, fearfully, the man suddenly wheeled, galvanized into action. Bringing his rifle to his shoulder he pumped all the shots in the magazine, apparently at a blank spot--the cliff opposite. Then chuckling to himself, he strolled on.  She waited a little and then went back to reassure Gary about the shoot- ing.  "Hamlin Stevens is crazy," he growled. "Raving mad. Oughtn't to be allowed to carry a gun. A no-good that all but drank himself to death when he was young. A wastrel; never did a day's work in his life. Traveled back and forth to Europe until his inheritance was all used up."  The shots had brought Linda Stevens hurrying down to camp afoot. She was shaking with fear, believing that Tom Gary had been found. From the ever-ready coffee-pot, Jean poured a cup of hot liquid for her while she explained the firing.  "Uncle Hamlin should be in an asy- lum, everyone says," stated Linda. "My father got him out of plenty of scrapes; he's never been responsible. Both my uncle and I would be far bet- ter off dead--like Dad," she went on bitterly. "We're no good to the world. But I should keep such talk to myself. You have your own troubles with your father missing," she reproached her- self.  "Dad's all right," said Jean, with a confidence she was far from feeling.     "Anyway, I'll believe that he's all right until I have word that he isn't. What good is there in worrying until then?"  "None," admitted Linda. "But you have nothing to blame yourself for. With me it's different; my caring for someone resulted in his getting shot. His family hates all of us at the Cross Seven, and I don't blame them. And I can't be of much help to him now when he's in trouble. I couldn't even save his life if they were to find him." Her tone changed. "I want to ask you, Jean, to come up to the ranch for supper tonight--Aunt Erica insists on calling it dinner out here on a ranch. Fred Temple suggested that I ask you. And I want you to meet Nab, my nurse when I was a child. Andy Partle knew her when he worked here years ago. He's been up there talking to her for hours."  Jean hesitated. She did not trust Fred Temple, and the further she kept from him the better. George Threllen was a merciless brute, but she felt safer with him than with Temple. She did not want to go to the ranch, but she could not refuse Linda's invitation.  Linda waited while Jean got ready to go to the house, and together the two girls walked down canyon to head for the grassy terraces below the house. As they passed through a gate in a high, carefully trimmed hedge, they came on a tall, sleek-haired woman cutting flowers from a little garden plot.  "Aunt Erica," said Linda, "this is Jean Carvel."  Erica Temple, a tight-mouthed woman who looked older than her hus- band, looked at Jean from cold eyes. She nodded slightly, dismissing Jean as of no consequences.  An older woman had appeared--tall, raw-boned. This was Margaret Mc- Nab, who had been Linda's childhood nurse. She was a thin, angular woman with hair so colorless and unattractive it could not have been helped by any- thing except a wig. She bunched it up