CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 13    Might as well camp here; it's gittin' late. I used to stop here often, years ago when I was ridin' for the Cross Seven."  Roane hobbled their horses while Andy cooked supper. The return to the country where he had ridden years be- fore had put the oldish Partle in a sen- timental and reminiscent mood.  "It's sorta like one of these romances you read about in books," confessed Andy as they ate. "This here Margaret McNab woman--we called her Nab-- she looks rough as an alligator, but un- derneath she's got a soft heart and a big one. She was on the ranch as nurse to that motherless little girl Linda Ste- vens, when I was ridin' there. That little girl couldn't 'a had a better moth- er. That Nab was a mighty fine nurse too--she saved my life one time I had pneumonia. That's when I fell for her --hard."  "Why didn't you marry her?" de- manded Roane.  "I'd of done it in a second. The only reason why I didn't is Nab wouldn't have me then. Said she was going to stick to this little girl, Linda Stevens --that Linda bein' without a mother needed her more'n I did. So when I left the ranch I told her, ‘Nab, if you ever need a wuthless roughneck to per- form some triflin' service, let me know.' And she promised me she would, but I never heard nothing more all these years until I got that letter from her.  "She said the Stevens girl had been sent back East to school a few years back and Nab had gone to the Coast to nurse in some hospital. Now she was back on the ranch again, sort of as com- panion for Linda Stevens, who was all grown up. She said that Linda's pa had been killed in a gunfight, and if I was still willin' to give that help I offered once, to let her know, but that it might mean a risk to my life. So I wrote her back I'd come, and that's when she sent the thousand cash so I c'd get on the Cross Seven disguised as a horse buyer. That's all right, but I hadn't no call to get you into it."     "You didn't get me into it," dis- agreed Roane. "I begged for the chance to come along. And anyway I owe you something. I haven't forgotten how you took me in after Dad died."  Andy spat tobacco juice. "You don't owe me nothin' for that. You could of raised yourself from the time you was a five-year-old weaner, livin' by hunt- in' and trappin'. Nobody had to take you in."  JEAN CARVEL  "All right," said Roane good-humor- edly. "There's no debt on either side. And I just came along for a chance to look at these Night River horses and see some new country. And to see this Nab lady fall into your arms."  Savvy, busy with part of a grouse carcass, suddenly began a low growling. Andy scolded the hound.  "Let him growl," said Roane. "Sav- vy's hearing something and warning us against it. And by his growl it's no coyote smelling our grub. It's some- thing more serious. Savvy smells a man."  " 'Cordin' to you that hound kin talk," Andy hoorawed his partner. "That brute'll get you into trouble some day. He'll tackle a bear and then run back to git behind you for pro- tection."  "Not Savvy," returned Roane. "I'm going to douse the fire and when I do,