28 ROBERT DALE DENVER   Jean forgot the danger and worry for a moment, looking at Roane Bran- don. "You'll be running the risk of being shot yourself," she told him. "All this is shooting country. Be care- ful."  "You be careful," he ordered. "You're taking a lot of chances yourself, doing this for Tom Gary." He grinned. "The more I see of you, the more willing I am to wait for you until I'm forty. But only if I have to," he added.  A little later she sat in the front of the wagon. She spoke to the team and the grays moved out.  CHAPTER VI Cross Seven Ranch  THE wagon following the road down the side can- yon bumped terribly as its steel-rimmed wheels hammered over stones. Jean flinched with each jar as if she were the wounded man in the back. Behind her Tom Gary occasionally broke out into a delirious mutter which his father tried to quiet.  Reaching Dusk Canyon, they turned down it toward the Cross Seven head- quarters. They had traveled a little over a mile along this when a rider galloped up alongside the wagon-- Linda Stevens, who had managed to leave Fred Temple behind.  Jean stopped the wagon.  "He's all right?" Linda asked anxiously.  Tom Gary's father was looking over Jean's shoulder at the rider with so forbidding a face that Linda Stevens shivered.  "And what is it to you how he is?" Gary growled.  "She had nothing to do with Tom being shot!" Jean put in sharply, feel- ing pity for the pale-faced girl.  "There is no blame to her for the shooting," Gary was forced to admit. "But her relatives are responsible. And I promise you, Miss Stevens, we'll get     Tom away from the Cross Seven neigh- borhood tonight, if it's possible."  "There is no need to hurry him away," protested Linda. "You mustn't move him until he's well enough."  Gary's face was stern. "That is for us to judge," he declared. "There is no safety for him near the Cross Seven Ranch, any more than if we were in a nest of--" Evidently he had intended to say "rattlesnakes," but he did not finish.  The wagon rumbled on again, with Linda Stevens riding a little ahead. The canyon was widening now. On the left were slopes covered thickly with pines; on the right rose sheer cliffs. Now the ranch came in sight, lying in the wide cleft made by a side canyon. Below near the creek were the corrals, sheds, stables and a bunkhouse, the latter built of thin slabs of red rock; several hundred yards above sat the ranch house.  It sprawled under a huge wedge of wall, a big rock dwelling built in some respects like an English castle, with little towers and the side walls ex- tended above the roof in a parapet, which was cut with slits designed in the old days for the use of archers. The walls had been built of thin rock laid by expert workmen. Shrubs, trees and stretches of green lawn lay in terraces in front and at the side of the house. It all looked like a pretentious city mansion and was as out of place in this country as a herd of giraffes or zebras.  Behind the house lifted cliffs blood- red in color, the kind of red that is somber and gloomy, with a few pinions and junipers that did little to soften the somber walls. In places the cliffs mounted in sheets of solid rock, like curtains hung from the rims to the canyon floor; in other places they had been weathered into towers, obelisks, various-shaped domes and cubes.  Linda Stevens pointed to a break in the cliff a quarter of a mile or so further on and about the same distance from the ranch. "There's a good place