CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 47    ing to cover the escape of part of their crew.  A hard climb brought the ten, led personally by Threllen and Coulter, to the bottom of a shallow well of rock just below the rim. The sides of this well were some twenty feet high but slanted so that an acrobatic man could scramble up it and assist the others to join him.  As they rested for a few minutes from the climb, a pebble fell from the lip of the well and clattered at their feet. The men all glanced up nervously.  "We could have made that a fifty- pound boulder," called down Roane, who had been given command of the party of six men that had been waiting patiently. "You fellows can climb on up but leave your guns behind you. You won't need them any more."  George Threllen stared up hard at the screen of cedars that grew on the lip of the well, trying to pierce the particular curtain from which the voice had sounded.  "You're the fellow that was camped below the ranch," he said accusingly. "Damn those four that let you and your partner get away. If I'd only shot you down when we had you surrounded in your camp, we'd have dodged all this trouble."  "All that's water passed under the bridge," Roane returned. "Are you quittin', Threllen, or not? We're sure not letting you go back. Make up your mind and do it quick. Your outfit is too dangerous to play around with."  Threllen stepped close to Coulter and muttered something to him. When Coulter shook his head, Threllen cursed him. Threllen had a certain bull- headed bravery about him, and just now a blind unreasoning rage.  "Go to hell," he bawled as answer to the invitation to surrender, and swung up his rifle, to begin pulling the trigger, shooting blindly at the cedar screen. The first shot threw the rest of the men into confusion. Most of them jumped away as far as possible from Threllen, pressing their bodies     against the sides of the deep cup in which they had been trapped. As they jumped they yelled that they quit. Coulter and one other man turned to try to slip back down the way they had come, hoping to escape.  From above, the guns boomed a heavy echo to Threllen's shots. Threllen went down, trying vainly to keep his big legs under him. Even lying on the rocky floor, he tried to raise his rifle to his shoulder to fire a last shot. But that effort was too great for him. A slug, sent by Lee Gary, had smashed through Threllen's chest.  The man who had attempted to es- cape with Coulter had been ahead of the saloonman-gambler. Taking a des- perate chance, he half leaped, half slid down a small cliff, missed by the bul- lets raining from above. Coulter, fol- lowing him frantically, was not so lucky; a rifle shot caught him in the back, sent him sprawling.  With that the battle was over, almost as soon as it had begun.  The rest of the men in the rock cup, with their rifles dropped, were still screeching that they quit and keeping their hands raised high as proof that they meant what they yelled.  They were ordered to climb from the hole, leaving Threllen and Coulter. Roane and Andy Partle descended to look at the pair. Andy turned Threllen over with a foot for an examination.  "Dead as a petrified Injun maid," he announced. "And I'm hopin' the same for Mister Coulter."  Andy was doomed to disappointment on that point. Coulter was still alive, but able to do no more than glare up at Andy.  "Likely to have to waste a lot o' good whiskey and grub tryin' to keep him alive until they kin hang him," Andy said sourly.  Lariats had been brought, and one of them now was used to lift Coulter from the hole. Then with two of the other prisoners carrying the wounded Coul- ter, Roane and Andy started back to- ward the Gary ranch, threading a