8 ROBERT DALE DENVER    ple take it for granted that anyone coming into this country comes to do us harm."  "And we got a right to take that for granted!" burst out Threllen. "We didn't start what's been started in here. One of the Garys and a neighbor killed your father, didn't they? And they've killed five of our Cross Seven men, haven't they? It's us against the Garys and the rest of those ranchers in Dawn and Star Canyons. They've been steal- in' our horses and now that they've started shootin' us down, we got to fight back. I'm having this man whipped so him and other men will learn to keep off our range." His voice had an almost fanatical earnestness.  "I say to turn him loose," said the girl sharply. "Lashing a man for just crossing our range is beastly and in- human. Turn him loose."  Threllen evidently was having trou- ble in reaching a decision. A powerful man physically, with a huge store of vitality, he plainly was a slow thinker. The other men patiently waited for his orders. Except for the black-bearded man, Hake, they appeared to take little interest in the affair; it was just an- other job to them.  Having to make up his mind seemed to enrage Threllen almost to the point of bursting. His dark-colored face turned purple. He muttered to him- self. Then, "All right, turn him loose," he ordered finally. "But listen to me, you!" he snarled at Carvel's back. "You can go on to the Garys. The road to Dawn Canyon turns up a side canyon to the right up there a ways. We'll give you three days to get back through here, and we'll look over any horses you take out. Turn the girl loose, Hake."  Freed, Carvel silently replaced his torn clothing. Then he addressed Threllen. "If you had had me whipped," he declared, "I'd have killed you some time for it." He would have said more, but Jean Carvel dismounted to lay a hand on her father's arm to urge him toward the wagon.     "And don't you turn a foot off that road to Dawn Canyon," said Threllen as a final word. "Don't hunt for horses on this range. If you brought 'em from the Garys they wouldn't of come back here."  "That turnin' off don't apply to you, little pigeon," the black-bearded Hake told Jean Carvel, his little pig-like eyes gleaming. "You can turn off any time you want to, just so you turn my way."  At this Carvel swung angrily on Hake, but the girl on the black horse spoke up. "Hake," she remarked in a voice that was suddenly like a whip- lash, "keep a decent tongue in your head."  The Carvel wagon creaked on again, with the loose horses trailing after it. Jean Carvel rode over close to the girl in the riding habit. "Thank God you stopped them," she said in a low voice. "I'll never forget that. Never."  The rider of the black horse was at least three or four years older than Jean. She looked at Jean gravely now, as at a child, and then she smiled, sad- ly. "I'm only sorry it happened," she said. "Adios."  As the outfit went on, with the wag- on wheels jolting hard over stones, the girl on the black horse looked after the slim graceful figure of Jean Carvel. In her blue eyes with the tragic cast was plain envy. Silently the whole group of Cross Seven riders watched until wag- on and horses were out of sight; Lafe Hake with his loose-lipped smile keep- ing his small eyes fixed on the girl on the blood-bay.  Then Threllen frowned at the sun which was low enough to send a path of rays over the pines making a comb along the ridge. "Gettin' late," he mut- tered.  "Yes," agreed the woman on the black. "I wish I could trade places with that girl, Threllen. She seems really happy, without a worry. She's of the sun, while all of us that live here in these Night River Canyons are of the shadow. And there is nothing ahead for us but shadows."