MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 77    ered around something on the walk. "Dad!" she cried.  Anthony Byers' face was bloodless and his body seemed curiously crum- pled. But before she could touch him, Pat Ransome lifted her to her feet.  "I'll look after him. He's probably just knocked out." He swung around to the nearest man. "Get a doctor-- fast. There's one named Harvey down the street. Tell him we're taking Mr. Byers home."  He lifted the minister's slight body and opened the door of a carriage which had drawn up to the curb. Plac- ing the old man carefully on the back seat, he said: "He's not badly hurt. He'll be all right."  "You're not leaving now?"  The odd gray glance flickered. "No," he said softly. "I'm taking you home. The doctor ought to be there almost as soon as we are."  The doctor was Mike. Faith, with her father's head pillowed in her lap, wondered why she could not call up a picture of his face. If she could visual- ize the strength of his mouth and the kindness of his eyes, she would remem- ber other things, too.  The carriage crawled to a halt in front of the house and Ransome carried the minister in. She hurried ahead to show him the way and the door-knock- er banged.  "Faith!" Mike Harvey's voice came from the hall.  "In here. It's Dad."  She started out to him only to stop and look up at the man at her side. Something moved in his eyes, but in- stead of speaking, he turned out of the room, and when she followed he and Mike Harvey were facing each other, silently.  "Hurry," she cried. "Dad was knocked down and hurt."  Mike walked into the bedroom. "I'll want your help, Faith." His tones were cool and clipped, his eyes impersonal.  As he bent over her father she said nervously: "Pat Ransome was there at the hotel when we--"     "Not now," Mike interrupted. "You can tell me about it later."  Her head jerked up and her eyes widened against his face. But he was not looking at her. Nor was he aware of her.  "Why is he unconscious so long?" she whispered.  "Shock. I'll bring him out of it, but he'll have to stay in bed for a few days." He pulled the pillow from un- der Anthony Byers' head and took a phial from his bag. As he held it to the minister's lips he said: "You can go out now. I'll undress him."  Once more Faith's eyes widened as she looked at the young physician. Was this the answer? Was the magic miss- ing from his caresses because no wom- an could ever have all of him? He was a stranger now. A cool, detached stranger conscious only of the doctor's eternal struggle with life and death. "What of it?" she asked herself an- grily. "Even part of him is enough-- and maybe no man ever gives all of himself."  IV  RANSOME was wait- ing in the hall, stand- ing straight and erect and still. Just as he had stood while her father prayed beside the man he had shot. "How is he?"  "Still unconscious, but the doctor says he'll be all right. He's suffering from shock."  He nodded and was silent, as if wait- ing for her to go on. When she did not speak he said, "There's something I'd like to tell you, but we'd better not talk here."  "Why--" But her words stopped and she moved uneasily past him, to the living room.  He came in slowly, his gray glance knifing over the room, taking in every- thing in it. When she sat down, he pulled a chair directly before her.  "I want to explain about Tom Knox,"