<

*

NOTICE TO READER— When you finish
reading a mogarin• bearing this notice, place a
I-cent a tamp on this notice0 mail the magazine,
and it unit be placed in the hands of onr
soldiers, sailors or marines. No wrapjntig—No
address. A. S. Burleson, Postmaster General.

JUNE 14, 1919

 Joseph Conrad

  “The Crime of Parti-
tion”—an interpretation
of the spirit that has kept
Poland alive through
decades of persecution

“Great Britain Faces the
Future”—the radical steps Great
Britain is taking in its work of
reconstruction

Frank Condon

“The Eclipse Handicap ’’— an-
other story of the unfortunate
trio, Harmony, George, and
Omar Gill

Mildred Cram

“Lotus Salad”—one of Signor
Pug’s adventures in Magella

 Samuel H. Adams

“Blinks” —the remarkable
training the men blinded in war
are receiving

Also in this issue: “Be a Boy
Scout!” by William Almon Wolff;
“Russia’s Rough Riders — The
Cossacks,” by Nikolaki P. Zaro-
killi; Editorials; Photographic
Pages, etc.

More Than a Million a Week

Entered as second-class matter July 28, 1913, at the Post Office at New York, N. Yunder the Act of March S, 1879, and at the Post Office Department, Ottawa, Canada, by P. F. Collier & Son, Inc., 116 West 19th Street, New York, N. Y,

Price: 5 cents a copy. f2.50 a year cast of the Mississippi River ; 10 cents a copy. SS.00 a year went of the Mississippi River <all of Louisiana and Minnssota) Canada and Foreign Countries.
Its Great,Boysilb

Climb Into BV.D.”

via a/rer me pair
eool clean B>\^D

  BVD quality can only be
  obtained in B\/D Underwear

   MADE FOR THE

If* it hasn't this
Red Woven Label

Underwear

BEST RETA1L TRADE

TIIE B. V. D. COMPANY

     NEW YOHK.

B. V. 1). Sleeveless Closed Crotch Union
Suits, (Pat, U. S. A.) $1-75 the Suit.

B. V. D. Coat Cut Undershirts and. Knee
Length Drawers, $1.00 the Garment.

CopyrtifoUSA 19/7ty
The [iVDCornpan'ij

ttwBvdRemember—No underwear is B. V. P. unless it bears the B. V- D. red woven label
 1

                                                                                                                                          »

EOISDNOICK

I UriSt! Are your messages to U

[// the world as speedily printed as they \\
// should be? A message from you to \
/ us may bring some surprising thoughts \
/ on this important subject. Send it \
’ now. « v « From out of the whirling wheels

of this small utterer of well-printed sheets comes a great
volume of the world’s grist of letters, forms, plans, de-
signs, etc. All are microscopically accurate duplicates
of their originals. But the fact that the Mimeograph will
deliver thousands of duplicate letters within the hour of dic-
tation establishes its supremacy in the world of action. It is an
hour-saver—as it is a dollar-saver. Your message—for booklet
“M”—now! A. B. Dick Company, Chicago—and New York.

June 14
June 14, 1910

Fisk Cords made with Ribbed and Fisk Non-Skid Treads

Consistent QUALITY IN A TIRE is never accidental. It calls for

something more than a factory and good intentions. Experience for one thing.
Purpose for another.

Any tire will give in mileage, in wear, in economy, in roadability only what is put
into it by the maker. Never more.

The visible value of Fisk Cord Tires is the result of twenty years continuous
tire manufacturing experience.

Fisk Cord Tires are big, comfort-giving, gas-saving tires that deliver wonderful
mileage. The scientific Fisk Non-Skid Tread gives great tractive power and driving
safety even under bad driving conditions. T he thoroughbred appearance of Fisk
Cords enhances the looks of any car. Next time—BUY FISK.

 The Cord Tire is the tire-for cars driven by women.
 It frees them from tire troubles and makes safer and
 more comfortable driving. And women these days
 know it. They are among the most consistent users
 of Fisk Cord Tires—the tires of ^visible •value.
New York: 416 West 13th Street. London:
6 Henrietta Street. Covent Garden. W. C.

Collier

THE NATIONAL WEEKLY

NEW YORK, JUNE 14, 1919

Copyright, 1919, by P. F. Collier & Son, Inc.. in
the United States, Great Britain, and Canada.

 Great Britain Faces the Future

BY RICHARD WASHBURN CHILD

  ' ‘ * .	ILLUSTRATED	BY	F .	G .	COOPER

LONDON—The man was at the Charing Cross Station. He was sharp-
^ featured, rather pinched in appearance, not quite warmly clad. He was
getting into middle age, but wore upon the lapel of his coat a military service
badge which indicated that he was a demobilized soldier. He probably was
going home to a suburb after a day in London seeking to make a niche for him-
self in the life of peace. Five years is a long time to stand the strain of war.
It is marked on the people’s faces. It was marked on his.

   He edged his way toward the stall where magazines and newspapers were
sold and, putting down tuppence, he picked up a
British Government publication issued by the Min-
istry of Reconstruction. This Government pamphlet,
as one could see by looking over the Englishman’s
shoulder, was entitled “Housing in England and
Wales.” No doubt there will be exclamations and
protests if it is said that perhaps the act of this
man had more significance than the whole set of
deliberations of the Peace Conference. Some one
back home will want to know how it is possible to
give standing to this suggestion.

  All right. It can be done.

  The purchase of the Government pamphlet—one
of a series on reconstruction—indicated that this un-
named man, who a moment later was merged in the
crowd like a pea mixed with a handful of peas, had been enlisted in peace. He
was a voluntary recruit in reconstruction—a movement badly named because
it suggests a repair of old conditions rather than a remaking to fit a revised
world. He had been recruited by the British Government. He was a straw
showing the way the wind is blowing in Great Britain. He gave the evidence
that not only the Government from the top, but the people from the bottom,
are trying to meet on a ground of common interest—that of wiping from their
eyes the bloocf and sweat of these long years of desperation and of seeing the
new world and of trying to “do something about it”—together.

   In this spirit of cooperation for reconstruction there is a promise of the
stability of the British. In its practicality and its tendency to lop off the fal-
deral of visionaries there is an assurance that in Europe when others go a
little off their sanity the British will not load their visions so heavily that their

visions spraddle out. On the other hand, in a national purpose to change the
old tune which was played by them before the war came—in a new determina-
tion to open their eyes to the possibility that there is indeed something real in
the existence of a new world spirit—there is a guaranty that the British will
be able to stand fast against the madness of Europe and of Asia without failing
to recognize and meet the world demand for social justice.

But, above all, when the nameless man going out to Hampstead buys with
money out of his own pocket a Government publication, there is still deeper

                           significance. It is this: The British are not merely
      talking about a new world. They are not idealists
      as to their neighbors’ affairs. They are working
      together, reasonably well—as well as any nation,
      and perhaps better—to do something: at home.

         It is not a bad idea for us in America to know
     what the British are doing. I have been spending
     some weeks talking with statesmen and with people
     representing all the threads from which the British
     national life is woven. Little by little two facts be-
     come clearer and clearer, as photographs are brought
     out on a plate by a strong developing fluid.

The first of these, whatever may be the incom-
pleteness of the British reconstruction work, is that
an American will have to squirm a little if a Brit-
isher says in good faith: “We always thought of you as commercial fellows.
We’ve learned now that you are idealists. Tell me—what is being done by
your Government on reconstruction for yourselves?”

   The second is that the work of reconstruction in Great Britain is the best
assurance that, however other peoples may shake themselves to pieces, the
British will hold together. Holding together, they will be the bulwark against
other European peoples, war-crazed and hungry and running in mobs after
leadership which knows how to tempt unfortunate humanity to destroy itself,
but not how to teach miserable mankind to rebuild.

   For these reasons the man who bought the pamphlet did what may prove
of more significance than the Peace Conference. His gloveless hands spoke of
the cost of the war which has gone, his worried expression about his eyes of
the perplexity of life at present while the bickerings of peace go on and on

Mr. Child went to England as a guest of the
British Government to study its program of
handling reconstruction problems — problems,
as can well be imagined, infinitely more com-
plex and intensified than ours. Britain has been
compelled to adopt plans more ambitious than
ours and to apply remedies more radical. In
this, the first of Mr. Child’s articles, it is shown,
however, that America has much to learn from
Great Britain’s methods.—The Editor.
June 14, 1919

and the world can’t go back to its job. But the firmness
of his mouth spoke of something in the British char-
acter which holds the British together and knows
how to take on liberalism without taking on chaos.

  For this characteristic in the British we in Amer-
ica may have to thank our lucky stars before this
doubtful blessing called peace has ceased to belch
up world-wide disorder and before mad mobs stop
running and before all these little new nations—
set up by the principle of self-determination and
multiplying the causes for war—have taken their
hands from each other’s throats. Against the thing
roundly called Bolshevism the British stand as our
buffer against aggression by insanity, just as the
British navy stood for something like a century as a
buffer for us against aggression by sea.

  The British, without making much clatter about
it, began to think of reconstruction the year after
they were in the war; the British Government, as a
government, began to do something about recon-
struction before Asquith had been replaced by the
tenacious Lloyd George.

  It was Asquith who in 1916 appointed a committee
of the cabinet—a plant of reconstruction which shot
out, at once, numerous branches. It was an ad-
visory body of experts “drafted for volunteer serv-
ice,” as the Irish might say. It was a good deal
like our own Council of National Defense, with two
differences. The first difference was that whereas
our Council of National Defense was intended to
advise the nation as to how to build a machine for
war, Mr. Asquith’s committee—formed when Ger-
man bombs were being dropped on the women and
children of London and long casualty lists were the
reminders of conflict—was intended to advise the
British nation how to build a machine for peace. The
second difference was that the Council of National De-
fense was thought to be a body of authority, whereas
its advice was seldom taken, and Mr. Asquith’s Com-
mittee on Reconstruction was thought to be a purely
advisory body, but its advice was often taken.

Reconstruction, a Going Concern

LLOYD GEORGE, a year later, just before we went

^ into the war, added a committee of his own, and
six months later the British were so much impressed
with the need of investigatingtheir own future in the
“new world after the war” that a regular, out-and-out
ministry was created under Christopher Addison, the
first Minister of Reconstruction. When the Coalition-
Unionist election came last fall, the result was a
shake-up which brought
Sir Auckland Geddes
into the Ministry of Re-
construction. Sir Auck-
land is a brother of Sir
Eric; they are known
in the music halls as
“the pepper pair” be-
cause they have some
of the “two-fisted, driv-
ing, he-man” qualities
of administration, as
they call them in our
West, and shrink from
publicity, like Hurley
and Schwab.

  None of the history
of the detailed develop-
ment of the British
Ministry of Reconstruc-
tion has a vital interest
or lesson for us. The
British will erect the
machinery for recon-
struction which will
work under their par-
ticular form of govern-
ment. We might have
done so too—no matter
who is to blame for our
failure—if we could
have created our own in
our own good way. The
real point is not the
form of organization,
but the fact that the
British Government for
three years has worked
on reconstruction—per-
haps with the national idea of selfish interest and
perhaps with the idea also that a good kind of ideal-
ism begins with work on the home grounds.

The truth of the matter is that the British, with
their usual protestations of failure, have managed
to produce the background of a real reconstruction,

  and in this they have brought the Government and
  the people into a common cause. It has not been
  advertised outside of the United Kingdom, but the
  colonies are in on it, and it is working. Recon-
  struction is a going concern.

    Not only is it working, but it is working in the
  groove of enlightenment. Says the Ministry of Re-
  construction: “The idea of a return to prewar con-
  ditions has gradually been supplanted by the worthier
  ideal of a better world after the war. The experience
  through which the country has passed has enlarged
  its sense of what is possible and at the same time
  quickened its sense of what is fair and right. Re-
  construction has to give shape and satisfaction to
  the strong feeling in all sections of the community,
  among men and women of the most widely differing
  opinions and outlook, that there is much to be
  ashamed of when we look back to the conditions of
  July, 1914, and that for justice to the living and rev-
  erence to the dead we are called to rebuild national
  life on a better and more enduring foundation.”

    Many of the more thoughtful persons who are
  connected with British reconstruction have even gone
  deeper than this statement of purpose; they are
  weighing the possibility of the Government’s be-
  coming too paternal in its measures. War brings
  this danger.

    “You have had it in the United States?” asked H.
  Eustace Davies, who as secretary of the Advisory
  Council has distinguished himself as an organizer.
  “We too have been made
  familiar with the centrali-
  zation of authority which
  emergency demands.”

   We spoke then of the
obvious truth that war
menaces the structure of
democracy, that even a war
fought to make the world
safe for democracy will
surely menace the demo-
cratic institutions of the
countries which engage in
it. As some one has well
said: “Citizenship checks
its brains in the lobby when

So, I’ve
you.

The tight little isle becomes the bright little isle

  it goes to war.” The government — particularly
  the executive, as, for instance, the War Cabinet in
  England—becomes used to unfettered authority and
  likes it. To centralize everything is a simple device.
  During war people know that this is the short cut
  to emergency action. The individual and the local

community willingly give up their powers and their
rights of self-expression. Democracy is suspended.
In Great Britain to-day they say: “Let the Govern-
ment do it,” just as we say in America: “Let Wash-
ington do it.” Citizenship comes out of war strong
in spirit, but blind to the wounds suffered by democ-
racy and the rights and duties of self-government.
It may take years to restore the machinery which
makes the government responsible to its citizens and
the citizens active and able to express their will.

                                                                              I

Material and Human Resources

FIVE years ago, for instance, one of the big
measures of British reconstruction now ready for
launching would have started an upheaval of dis-
cussion in the British Empire. There would have
been a controversy filling every mouth and every
newspaper. Demonstrations and perhaps riots would
have taken place. But to-day this revolutionary
measure, before Parliament, is spoken of in London
clubs with a yawn, and the workman in Leeds and
the farmer just outside of Dunstable are interested,
but are a little inclined to let the Government do
their thinking for them. The proposal is to central-
ize, during a reconstruction period, all control of
transportation, including railways, big and little,
docks, ferries, coastal transport, and even the wagon
roads themselves, in one Government department!
Probably Sir Eric Geddes will be at its head. Mc-
Adoo, compared to this man, was an administrator

    whose hands were fet-
---i	tered. Under the plea

   that diversified man-
agement of the rail-
ways and harbor traffic
of the United Kingdom
results in enormous
waste, duplication of fa-
cilities, lack of stand-
ardization, and extrava-
gant competition, the
British propose to put
their entire transporta-
tion into one pair of
hands, so that a child
cannot go to school or
a box of strawberries
move a half mile if one
finger of this British King
of Motion is raised. At
about the time we are
thinking of ending our
centralized Railroad Ad-
ministration, created for
war, the British are try-
ing to create for the first
years of peace the Super-
Traffic Officer of the
world’s history!

   It must not be under-
stood that the Transport
Bill is the exclusive prod-
uct of the Ministry of
Reconstruction. That min-
istry is, after all, only an
advisory body. Its perma-
nence is a matter now in
doubt, and it holds no mo-
nopoly of reconstruction
ideas. Nor must it be under-
stood that the Ministry of Re-
construction has taken a position
in favor of reconstruction by the
Government, with a fatherly
interest and a centralized au-
thority, dangerously like the
“efficient, simple, and direct”
philosophy of the state which
once had its paternal nest in
Berlin. On the contrary, as I
look into the work which has
been done, I am impressed with
the fact that much effort, half-
consciously given, has been made
to saturate the British people
with reconstruction interest, so
that reconstruction may enlist
the services of British men and
women and that thus reconstruc-
tion may come up from the bot-
tom. It is significant that the British Government
is able to sell pamphlets on reconstruction in the
streets of London or Manchester or Liverpool.

   It is significant also that, if one keeps an eye for
 a time on the reconstruction plans of Great Britain,
 the grouping of these plans (Continued on page 24)
The National Weekly

7

 The Eclipse Handicap

BY FRANK CONDON

ILLUSTRATED BY HENRY	RALEIGH

FOR about a week it appeared daily in the news-
papers of San Francisco. It read as follows:
“O. G. Come home or let us know where you are. All
is forgiven. Harmony and George. Queen Mary.”

  That jovial plea came out at the top of the Per-
sonal column for several days before it produced
results, and then Omar Gill walked humbly into the
sitting room of the Queen Mary Hotel in San Fran-
cisco, carrying the newspaper in his hand, and look-
ing around timidly, as though he expected something
to fall on him. He had just finished proving to us
once again that he used his head to propagate hair
and for nothing else, and he knew that we were low
in our minds over him. Harmony and I arose, and
the reunion that followed was touching, though with
here and there a faint hint of asperity.

  Until that moment we had not laid eyes on Omar
for some four weeks, and there was a clear, natural
cause for the separation. There was what you
might term a justifiable casus belli, the said casus
beginning down in Mexico and moving rapidly up
into California, and it originated in Omar and his
astounding mental processes.

TWO or three months before the advertisement
appeared, requesting Omar to come out of his
hiding place and rejoin us in amity, the three of us
had settled down in San Francisco, surrounded by
all the comforts of a large hotel, owners of a four-
thousand-dollar mutual bank roll, an automobile,
and other pleasing adjuncts to a life of calm content.

  It was Omar's personal automobile. He had
bought it with his private funds, owned it in fee
simple, and drove it the same way. It looked a good
deal like a highly magnified roller skate, but Omar
was mad about it, and each morning he lured it out
of the garage and bounded up and down the seven
thousand hills of San Francisco, endangering human
life and making noises like an enraged threshing
machine.

  After a month of luxurious loafing, Harmony ar-

rived one afternoon in a state of pleasant excite-
ment. Omar and I were languidly arising, with that
calm deliberation found only among rich people, and
Omar came out in his robin’s egg blue pajamas and
some new patent lather and listened doubtfully to
what followed. It appeared that through a lucky
combination oi circumstances Harmony had stum-
bled upon a way to invest our four thousand dollars.

  “It’s a fine chance to break into the bookmaking
business,” he said, beaming at us.

  “No doubt,” agreed Omar “but what do we know
about publishing, the only book you ever look in
being the telephone directory?”

 “Not that kind of bookmaking,” Harmony ex-
plained. “This is a gambling enterprise, with others
doing the gambling. There is a hard-boiled guy
named Moses Lewis, and what he don’t know about
horse racing, you could get into your left eye. He
wants us to go in with him, agrees to do all the real
work, because of his skill, and is willing to take us
on as his clerks.”

  “You mean this man wants to use our four thou-
sand?” I asked, somewhat tremulously.

  “In a word, yes,” said Harmony, with increasing
gusto. “We furnish him with four thousand dollars,
which is roughly the capital required. You can’t be
a bookmaker without a certain amount of capital.”
“Put our money in the hands of a stranger?”
Omar interrupted, rising to his full five feet noth-
ing. “I knew you fell down that flight of stairs, but
I didn’t know you hit on your head.”

 “He is not a stranger,” Harmony continued
testily. “I know him. He is a skilled bookmaker,
with years of experience, and he says that we can
clean up a small fortune.”

“If he’s so good, why does he need us to start
him?” Omar inquired. “Why does the gent wish to
lean himself on our little four thousand bucks?”
Harmony grunted disgustedly, as though Omar
was talking nonsense, which was not the truth.
“Does he guarantee us against loss?” I asked

mildly, being interested in the funds to the extent of
one thousand three hundred and some odd dollars.

  “You can’t guarantee anything in the horse-racing
game,” Harmony continued coldly. “I should think
even you would know that. In all real enterprises
a person takes a chance. Look at Morgan and
Rockefeller.”

  “Look at ham and eggs,” said Omar. “Right now
we are playing safe and I believe in sticking to it.”
“This man Lewis knows all about how to trim the
betting public,” argued our leader. “He claims that
we have a chance to make a killing, and to me it
looks like a nice opening.”

  “I’ve sent my money down those nice openings be-
fore,” Omar retorted, “and mostly the traffic was
one way. Let’s hang onto this modest competence
and tell Lewis to pick on some one else.”

1ATER on, Harmony being insistent, we encoun-
■i tered this Moses Lewis, who was a tall, feverish
gentleman with a hooked beak and a piercing eye.
We opened the negotiations, and from the first word
Omar Gill was unalterably opposed. He objected
bitterly to investing our joint funds in any enter-
prise as uncertain as bookmaking, but there is noth-
ing to be gained by arguing with Harmony Childs.
At least, we never gained anything. It’s like try-
ing to throw a soap bubble through a stone wall.
Harmony is, and always has been and will be, our
respected leader, and many a time he has saved
Omar and me from hunger, thirst, women, jail, and
similar disasters. Personally I didn’t burst into four
ringing cheers over the knowledge that we were now
going into race-track bookmaking, but this Moses
Lewis had cast his fatal spell, and the night we met
him at the hotel we had dinner and came to a finan-
cial understanding.

  We agreed formally to let him run wild with our
precious four thousand, which was all we had in
the world, if you leave out Omar’s automobile. Lewis
agreed to set up in business at Pergo Park on the
8

Collier's

June 14, 1919

following Monday, employing the three of us in
minor capacities, and from then on the idea was to
take large sums of American currency away from
those misguided lunatics who bet upon the com-
parative speed of horses.

  Omar moaned quietly throughout the preliminaries
and plucked at the tablecloth. When he owns money,
he likes to spend it in small sums and different
places. Omar can take thirty cents and get half-
way to China. Harmony prefers to take three dol-
lars and run them up to three million, or make the
attempt. Therein lies the marked difference be-
tween my two simple companions in crime.

  We embarked upon this business enterprise with
Mr. Lewis, the skilled bookmaker, and the adven-
ture lasted exactly one week, including legal holi-
days. We gayly began chalking up prices in the
bull ring at Pergo Park on Monday afternoon, be-
fore the first race; and on Saturday afternoon, fol-
lowing the last race, Mr. Lewis washed off his slate,
packed up his tin reticule, kicked his stool fretfully
aside, and announced in a voice devoid of passion
that we had foundered at sea with all on board.

  “Can you dig up some more coin by Monday?” he
asked, looking into three startled countenances.

  “No,” said Omar hoarsely, before anyone else
could speak. “Nor by Tuesday either. Why?”
“Then we’re ruined,” Lewis replied calmly. “The
game has gone against us, and we’re dead broke.
The old sock is empty.”

  T; ^se were conditions of which we three were
partially aware, because we had observed the trend
of business during the week, and had seen the jolly
old public beat us to a fine pulp, and cash in from
Mr. Lewis with disgusting regularity. We dimly
realized that we were going to hear unpleasant
news, but we didn’t know just how bad it was. Now
we got the news, as a careless roadside hen gets a
four-ton truck.

  “Broke,” repeated our Mr. Lewis, tying on his
cravat with great care. “I’m not to blame either,
because I made a perfectly balanced book all week.
But the favorites won every day, and that hurt us.”
“It particularly hurts me,” Omar said grimly.
“I’m hurt clear through, and I’m the one that
wanted to keep away from this from the start. But
no. Harmony knew that you were a skillful book-
maker. If you’re a skillful bookmaker, I’m the King
of Bulgaria.” Omar was openly insulting and con-
tinued to be so, in a tense monotone.

  “You mean we can’t open up shop on Monday?”
Harmony asked in a shocked voice.

  “Not unless we get more working capital,” Lewis
said blandly. “We’re through. I’m going East next
week unless I can find fresh backing.”

WE went sadly home that night to the Queen
Mary and sat in the lee of the fireplace, won-
dering why Hard Luck always had our name, ad-
dress, and office hours. Omar kept talking to him-
self in a low tone, now and then bursting into im-
passioned oratory concerning the throwing away of
one’s financial increment.

 On the following morning Harmony and Omar
held another warm debate and Omar lost it. It
was Harmony’s urgent desire that Omar take his
self-propelling vehicle by the hand and sell it to
some one for ready cash, and at first Omar de-
clined to consider the suggestion, even in the face
of a large hotel bill and nineteen dollars for laun-
dry. I listened to. the two of them until it palled on
me and then sauntered into the open air. At noon
Omar took his automobile for a last weepy ride.
He sold it, as ordered, and Mien he returned to the
hotel he had seven hundred dollars, which, as he
stated with wrathful emphasis, was just half what
it was worth.

  “And maybe you two sharks think I’m going to
split this seven hundred with you,” he said threat-
eningly. “I’ll loan you a few dollars for food, but
beyond that, nothing doing. I am going to hang
onto this with both hands, because the future looks
very sterile indeed.”

  “I always split with you,” Harmony said re-
proachfully.

  “I know,” Omar admitted, “but this is one of
those times when three into seven hundred don’t go.”
Meantime our former gambling partner had dis-
covered that nobody else would back him, and he
prepared to depart for the East. He blew into the
hotel on Monday and stated that he was all through
trying to make an honest living in California.

  “I’m going back to New York,” he grunted. “I
did my best, but the luck was against us. You
probably think I’m a false alarm, but I’m not, and
to show that I feel sorry for losing your money,
I’m going to turn over my assets to you.”

  “What are they?” Omar asked coldly.

  “I have a trunkful of books,” continued Mr. Lewis,
“and some evening clothes, and a few shares of

mining stock worth about a dime, and some other
household truck, all having no great value, but all
yours. I go East stripped bare. I shall also trans-
fer Gallops to you, showing that my heart is in the
right place and my intentions good.”

  Harmony glanced up.

  “Gallops,” he ruminated. “Giving us Gallops is
far from good intentions. He’s about as much of
an asset as a used smallpox sign.”

  “Such as he is, you have him,” Lewis went on
cheerfully. “I’m doing my best to make up for the
loss I caused. I told you I’d give you everything
I own, and I so do.”

  Then he made out some papers and turned them
over to Harmony, after which he said a few parting
remarks and finally left us, just as though nothing
much had happened. When he departed, Omar
burst into song again, until quieted by Harmony.

THIS Gallops, which he referred to, was a race
horse, according to a certain loose manner of
speaking. Nobody ever denied that he was a horse,
because he had four legs and a long tail and looked
a good deal like the familiar equine of commerce.
But, on the other hand, nobody around San Fran-
cisco was ever fooled into thinking he was a race
horse. In California sporting circles Gallops was
notorious, and his track history was a hissing and
a byword.

  Lewis had bought the poor old ruin from a needy
friend, and had always cherished the insane notion
that Gallops was a regular race horse and could run
in competition with other animals. He entered the
horse in half a dozen races within a year, and I be-
lieve that on one occasion Gallops finished next to
last. That was the race in which Slippery Elm fell
down on his wishbone about halfway through, and
tangled himself up with the fence. When Slippery
finally regained an upright position and resumed,
the race was ending. That was the only time that
Gallops finished next to last. The other times Gal-
lops finished last, a good fair-and-square last, with
about a city block between him and the contender
ahead, so as not to confuse the judges.

  In appearance, Gallops was a small, black-coated
and unambitious beast, with a despondent look
about him that made you believe he must have suf-
fered some terrible tragedy in youth. He had pale
blue eyes and they protruded into space, giving him
a startled and	(Continued on page 21)

It went by like a six-inch shell. There was the rush of wind, the hum of a moving object and then silence
The National Weekly

9

The Crime of Partition

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

ILLUSTRATED BY W . T . BENDA

IN the second half of the eighteenth century there
were two centers of liberal ideas on the Continent
of Europe. One was France and the other was
Poland. On an impartial survey one may say with-
out exaggeration that then France was relatively
every bit as weak as Poland; even perhaps more so.
But France’s geographical position made her much
less vulnerable. She had no powerful neighbors on
her frontier; a decayed Spain in the south and a
conglomeration of small German principalities on
the east were her happy lot. The only states which
dreaded the contamination of the new principles and
had enough power to combat it were Prussia, Aus-
tria, and Russia, and they had another center of
dangerous ideas to deal with in defenseless Poland,
unprotected by nature and offering an immediate
satisfaction to their cupidity. They made their choice,
and the untold sufferings of a nation which would
not die was the price exacted by fate for the tri-
umph of revolutionary ideals.

  Thus even a crime may become a moral agent by
the lapse of time and the course of history. Prog-
ress leaves its dead by the way, for progress is only
a great adventure, as its leaders and chiefs know
very well in their hearts. It is a march into an un-
discovered country, and in such an enterprise the
victims don’t count. As an emotional outlet for the
oratory of freedom it was convenient enough to re-
member the Crime now and then; the Crime being
the murder of a state and the carving of its body
into three pieces. There was really nothing to do
but to drop a few tears and a few flowers of rhetoric
over the grave. But the spirit of the nation refused
to rest therein. It haunted the territories of the
old republic in the manner of a ghost haunting its
ancestral mansion where strangers are making them-
selves at home: a calumniated, ridiculed, and pooh-
poohed ghost, and yet never ceasing to inspire a sort
of awe, a strange uneasiness in the hearts of the
unlawful possessors.

The Polish Ghost

POLAND, deprived of its independence, of its his-
torical continuity, and with its religion and lan-
guage persecuted and repressed, became a mere geo-
graphical expression. And even that itself seemed
strangely vague, had lost its definite character, was
rendered doubtful by the theories and the claims of
the spoliators who, by a strange effect of uneasy
conscience, while strenuously denying the moral guilt
of the transaction, were always trying to throw a
veil of high rectitude over the Crime. What was most
annoying to their righteousness was the fact that
the nation stabbed to the heart refused to grow in-
sensible and cold.

  That persistent and almost uncanny vitality was
sometimes very inconvenient to the rest of Europe
also. It would intrude its irresistible claim into
every problem of European politics, into the theory
of European equilibrium, into the question of the
near East, the Italian question, the question of
Schleswig-Holstein, and into the doctrine of nation-
alities. That ghost, not content with making its

ancestral halls uncomfortable for the thieves, haunted
also the cabinets of Europe, waved indecently its
bloodstained robes in the solemn atmosphere of coun-
cil rooms, where congresses and conferences sit with
closed windows, and would not be exorcised by the
brutal jeers of Bismarck and the fine railleries of
Gorchakov. As a Polish friend observed to me some
years ago: “Till the year ’48 the Polish problem had
been to a certain extent a convenient rallying point
for all manifestations of liberalism. Since that time

   There are many who believe Joseph Conrad to
   be the greatest living writer in English. The
   paradoxical part of this is that English is not
   his native tongue. His real name is Joseph
   Conrad Korzeniowski, and he is of Polish
   parentage. It was not until he was twenty-
   one that he arrived in England. In this arti-
   cle he pictures the “irrepressible vitality” of
   the Polish nation which has survived assassina-
   tion, partition, and suppression.—The Editor.

we have come to be regarded simply as a nuisance.
It’s very disagreeable.” I agreed that it was, and he
continued: “What are we to do? We did not create
the situation by any outside action of ours. Through
all the centuries of its existence Poland has never
been a menace to anybody, not even to the Turks,
to whom it has been merely an obstacle.”

  Nothing could be more true. The spirit of ag-
gressiveness was absolutely foreign to the Polish
temperament, to which the preservation of its insti-
tutions and its liberties was much more precious
than any ideas of conquest. Polish wars were de-
fensive, and they were mostly fought within Poland’s
own borders. And that those territories were often
invaded was but a misfortune arising from Poland’s
geographical position. Territorial expansion was
never the master thought of Polish statesmen.

  The consolidation of the territories of the Sere-
nissime Republic, which made of it a power of the
first rank for a time, was not accomplished by force.
It was not the consequence of successful aggression,
but of a long and successful defense against the raid-
ing neighbors from the East.

  The lands of Lithuanian and Ruthenian speech
were never conquered by Poland. These peoples were
not compelled by a series of exhausting wars to seek
safety in annexation. It was not the will of a prince
or a political intrigue that brought about the union.
Neither was it fear. The slowly matured view of
the economical and social necessities, and before all
the ripening moral sense of the masses, were the
motives that induced the forty-three representatives
of Lithuanian and Ruthenian provinces, led by their
paramount prince, to enter in a political combination
unique in the history of the world, a spontaneous
and complete union of sovereign states choosing de-
liberately the way of peace. Never was strict truth
better expressed in a political instrument than in the

preamble of the first union treaty (1413). It begins
with the words: “This union being the outcome, not
of hatred, but of love”—words that Poles have not
heard addressed to them politically by any nation for
the last 150 years.

  This union, being an organic, living thing capable
of growth and development, was later modified and
confirmed by two other treaties which guaranteed
to all the parties in a just and eternal union all
their rights, liberties, and respective institutions.
The Polish state offers a singular instance of an
extremely liberal administrative federalism which in
its parliamentary life as well as its international
politics presented a complete unity of feeling and
purpose. As an eminent French diplomatist re-
marked many years ago. “It is a very remarkable
fact in the history of the Polish state, this invaria-
ble and unanimous consent of the populations, the
more so that, the king being looked upon simply as
the chief of the republic, there was no monarchical
bond, no dynastic fidelity to control and guide the
sentiment of the nations, and their union remained
as a pure affirmation of the national will.”

  The Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its Ruthenian
provinces retained their statutes, their own adminis-
tration, and their own political institutions. That
those institutions in the course of time tended to
assimilation with the Polish form was not the result
of any pressure, but simply of the superior character
of the Polish civilization.

A Danger oils Silence

EVEN after Poland lost its independence this alli-
ance and this union remained firm in spirit and
fidelity. All the national movements toward libera-
tion were initiated in the name of the whole mass
of people inhabiting the limits of the old republic,
and all the provinces took part in them with com-
plete devotion. It is only in the last generation that
efforts have been made to create a tendency toward
separation, which would indeed serve no one but
Poland’s common enemies. And, strangely enough,
it is the internationalists, men who professedly care
nothing for race or country, who have set themselves
this task of disruption, one can easily see for what
sinister purpose. The ways of the internationalists
may be dark, but they are not inscrutable.

  From the same source, no doubt, there will flow
in the future a poisoned stream of hints of a recon-
stituted Poland being a danger to the races once
so closely associated within the territories of the
old republic. The old partners in the Crime are not
likely to forgive their victim its inconvenient and
almost shocking obstinacy in keeping alive. They
had tried moral assassination before, and with some
small measure of success, for indeed the Polish ques-
tion, like all living reproaches, had become a nui-
sance. Given the wrong and the apparent im-
possibility of righting it without running risks of a
serious nature, some moral alleviation may be found
in the belief that the victim had brought its misfor-
tunes on its own head by its own sins. That theory
too had been advanced about Poland (as if other
10

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

Polish independence, as a Polish state, comes into the world morally free

nations had known nothing of
sin and folly), and it made some
way in the world at different
times, simply because good care
was taken by the interested
parties to stop the mouth of the
accused. But it has never car-
ried much conviction to honest
minds. Somehow, in defiance of
the cynical point of view as to
the force of lies and against all
the power of falsified evidence,
truth often turns out to be
stronger than calumny.

  With the course of years, how-
ever, another danger sprang up,
a danger arising naturally from
the new political alliances
dividing Europe into two armed
camps. It was the danger of
silence. Almost without excep-
tion the press of western Europe
in the twentieth century refused
to touch the Polish question in
any shape or form whatever.

Never was the fact of Polish
vitality more embarrassing to
European diplomacy than on the
eve of Poland’s resurrection.

 The Polish Legion Rises

HEN the war broke out
there was something grue-
somely comic in the proclama-
tions of emperors and archdukes
appealing to that invincible soul
of a nation whose either exist-
ence or moral worth they had
been so arrogantly denying for
more than a century. Perhaps
in the whole record of human
transactions there have never
been performances so brazen
and so vile as the manifestoes
of the Emperor of Germany and
the Grand Duke Nicholas of
Russia; and, I imagine, no more
bitter insult has been offered to
human heart and intelligence
than the way in which those
proclamations were flung into
the face of historical truth. It

was like a scene in a cynical and sinister farce, the
absurdity of which became in some sort unfathom-
able by the reflection that nobody in the world could
possibly be so abjectly stupid as to be deceived for
a single moment.

  At that time, and for the first two months of the
war, I happened to be in Poland, and I remember
perfectly well that, when those precious documents
came out, the confidence in the moral turpitude of
mankind they implied did not even raise a scornful
smile on the lips of men whose most sacred feelings
and dignity they outraged. They didn’t deign to
waste their contempt on them. In fact, the situa-
tion was too poignant and too involved for either
hot scorn or a coldly rational discussion. For the
Poles it was like being in a burning house in which
all the issues were locked. There was nothing but
sheer anguish under the strange, as if stony, calm-
ness which in the utter absence of all hope falls
on minds that are not constitutionally prone to
despair.

  Yet in this time of dismay the irrepressible vital-
ity of the nation would not accept a neutral attitude.
I was told that even if there was no issue it was
absolutely necessary for the Poles to affirm their
national existence. Passivity which could be re-
garded as a craven acceptance of all the material
and moral horrors ready to fall upon the nation
was not to be thought of for a moment. Therefore,
it was explained to me, the Poles must act. Whether
this was a counsel of wisdom or not, it is very diffi-
cult to say, but there are crises of the soul which
are beyond the reach of wisdom. When there is
apparently no issue visible to the eyes of reason,
sentiment may yet find a way out, either toward
salvation or to utter perdition, no one can tell—
and the sentiment does not even ask the question.
Being there as a stranger in that tense atmos-
phere which was yet not unfamiliar to me, I was
not very anxious to parade my wisdom, especially
after it had been pointed out in answer to my cau-
tious arguments that if life has its values worth
fighting for, death too has that in it which can
make it worthy or unworthy.

  Out of the mental and moral trouble into which
the grouping of the powers at the beginning of
the war had thrown the counsels of Poland there
emerged at last the decision that the Polish Legion,
a peace organization in Galicia directed by Pilsudski
(afterward given the rank of general and now ap-
parently the chief of the Government in Warsaw),
should take the field against the Russians. In real-
ity it did not matter against which partner in the
Crime Polish resentment should be directed. There
was little to choose between the methods of Russian
barbarism, which was both crude and rotten, and
the cultivated brutality, tinged with contempt, of
Germany’s superficial, grinding civilization. Both
were hateful, and the direction of the Polish effort
was naturally governed by Austria’s tolerant atti-
tude which had connived for years at the semisecret
organization of the Polish Legion.

Against an Ally ?

ONLY a very nice discrimination in evil would
have hesitated as to the direction. Besides, the
material possibility pointed only one way. That
Poland should have turned at first against the ally
of Western powers to whose moral support she had
been looking for so many years is not a greater
monstrosity than that alliance with Russia which
had been entered into by England and France with
rather less excuse and with a view to eventualities
which could perhaps have been avoided by a firmer
policy and by a greater resolution, in the face of
what plainly appeared unavoidable.

  For let the truth be spoken. The action of Ger-
many, however cruel, sanguinary, and faithless, had
nothing in the nature of a stab in the dark. The
Germanic tribes had told the whole world in all pos-
sible tones carrying conviction, the gently persuasive,
the coldly logical; in tones Hegelian, Nietzschean,
warlike, pious, cynical, inspired, what they were
going to do to the inferior races of the earth, so full
of sin and all unworthiness; but with a strange simi-
larity to the prophets of old (who were also great
moralists and invokers of might) they seemed to be
crying in a desert. Whatever might have been the

secret searching of hearts, the
worthless ones would not take
heed. It must also be admitted
that the conduct of the menaced
governments carried with it no
suggestion of resistance. It was,
no doubt, neither the effect of
courage nor fear, but of that
prudence which causes the aver-
age man to stand very still in
the presence of a savage dog.
It was not a very politic atti-
tude, and the more reprehensi-
ble since it seemed to arise from
the mistrust of their own peo-
ple’s fortitude. On simple mat-
ters of life and death a people
is always better than its leaders
because a people can’t argue it-
self as a whole into a sophisti-
cated state of mind out of def-
erence for a mere doctrine or
from an exaggerated sense of
its own cleverness. I am speak-
ing now of democracies whose
chiefs resemble the tyrant of
Syracuse in so far that their
power is unlimited (for who
can limit the will of a voting
people?) and who always see
the Damoclean sword hanging
by a hair above their heads.

 “It Would Be All Right”

PERHAPS a different attitude
would have checked German
self-confidence, and overgrown
militarism would have died from
the excess of its own strength.
What would have been then the
moral state of Europe it is diffi-
cult to say. Some other excess
would probably have taken its
place, excess of theory or ex-
cess of sentiment or an excess
of the sense of security leading
to some other form of catas-
trophe; but it is certain that
in that case the Polish question
would not have taken a concrete
form for ages. Perhaps it would
never have taken form! In this
world, where everything is transient, even the most
reproachful ghosts end by vanishing out of old man-
sions, out of men’s consciences. Progress of en-
lightenment, or decay of faith? In the years before
the war the Polish ghost was becoming so thin that
it was impossible to get for it the slightest mention
in the papers.

  A young Pole coming to me from Paris was ex-
tremely indignant, but I, indulging in that detach-
ment which is the product of greater age, longer
experience, and a habit of meditation, refused to
share that sentiment. He had gone begging for a
word on Poland to many influential people, and they
had one and all told him that they were going to do
no such thing. They were all men of ideas, and
therefore might have been called idealists, but the
idea most strongly anchored in their minds was the
folly of touching a question which certainly had no
merit of actuality and would have had the appall-
ing effect of provoking the wrath of their old ene-
mies, and at the same time offending the sensibilities
of their new friends. It was an unanswerable argu-
ment. I couldn’t share my young friend’s surprise
and indignation. My practice of reflection had also
convinced me that there is nothing on earth that
turns quicker on its pivot than political idealism
when touched by the breath of practical politics.

  It would be good to remember in the year open-
ing before us that Polish independence, as embodied
in a Polish state, is not the gift of any kind of jour-
nalism, neither is it the outcome even of some par-
ticularly benevolent idea or of any clearly appre-
hended sense of right. I am speaking of what I
know when I say that the original and only forma-
tive idea in Europe was the idea of delivering the
fate of Poland into the hands of Russian Tzarism.
And let us remember it was assumed then to be a
victorious Tzarism, at that. It was an idea talked
of openly, entertained seriously, presented as a
benevolence with a curious blindness to its grotesque
and ghastly character. It was the idea delivering
the victim with a kindly smile and the confident
assurance that “it would be all right” to a perfectly
unrepentant assassin who (Continued on paye 38)
The National Weekly

11

LOTUS SALAD

BY MILDRED CRAM

ILLUSTRA ted

B Y

c.

THE American colony at Magella was limited.
The Fairchild Company, owners of the Christina
and Marias mines, employed Magellans and Indians.
The American railway, which already had pene-
trated beyond the mountains into the great plains
of the interior, was being built by Magellans under
the direction of American engineers. The engineers
themselves lived on location, moving from camp to
camp as the great road advanced, and coming into
the city of Magella only when their thirst for amuse-
ment and civilization drove them to make the journey.

  Magella had no American society to speak of. Those
nephews and nieces of Uncle Sam who had drifted
down the tropic seas to the sandy shores of the little
republic were a sort of human flotsam and jetsam.
The tide of life had caught them somewhere in the
States, their hold on the native shore had weakened
and they had floated away southward, to the land
of easy promises and unpaid debts. The Consul knew
them all by sight. Sooner or later each piece of
human driftwood washed into the Consulate and
tried to make believe that it had grounded on native
soil. The Consul always played up. The hot sun
of Magella had not dried the home-town essence of
Uncle Sam's obscure representative. He spoke Span-
ish and Italian like a true bilingual Magellan, but
his English was flavored with clipped syllables and
a nasal twang when he wanted it to be. He tuned
his lute to his audience. He could, being a Harvard
man, out-Oxford a Bostonian. And he could make a
Carolinian cracker feel at home. He had a decent
sense of responsibility toward the feverish wan-
derers from his own land. Most of them longed for
America. Few of them ever went back there. They
starved, gambled, drank, dreamed, cheated, and died
under the white-hot sky of a country they pretended
to hate. And the Consul understood.

  He understood because Magella had played the
same tricks with his inner being. He wanted to go
home, and he never had. He contemplated the danc-
ing, deep-blue sea, and the fruit steamers cutting
white paths out through the narrow jaws of the har-
bor and northward to New Orleans, Pensacola, Key
West, Baltimore. Home! The Consul stood on the
beach, his straw hat tipped over his eyes, a green
umbrella held aloft, a cigarette in one corner of his
mouth. And always he turned back to the Consulate
with a sigh, and spent the rest of the day lying in a
hammock in the courtyard, fanning himself with
a defunct newspaper and whispering to his parrot:

  “I am a fool. Thrice a fool. I belong in the elm-

tree country. I ought to be pitching hay in an old
red barn or teaching school at the Corners. I ought
to be married to a blond woman who wears crisp
gingham aprons. I long for the odor of fresh-baked
cookies and steamed prunes."

  Then he looked around the sunny courtyard with
its wilfl-orange trees, blazing flowers, and patches of
sunlight, and, yawning, reached for a tall glass of
something cold. Thereafter the hammock swung
lazily in the late afternoon breeze, the parrot shrieked,
the fruit steamer sailed up the world toward home,
and the Consul, with the newspaper over his face,
slept the sleep of those who dream.

THERE were others in Magella, homeless ones who
stared at the buoyant sea with envy and longing.
Schreiber, the pharmacist, who had followed a fe-
male fortune teller from Butte to Magella and had
lost her there, twenty years ago. Peterson, the
banker, whose past was as enticing as a picture
puzzle. McCarthy, the big red-headed Irish man-
ager of the Christina mines. Luisa, a light-o’-love
from New Orleans. And Cavanaugh.

  There were not many, you see. McCarthy and
Peterson were the aristocrats of the colony. Cava-
naugh was easily the dregs. On the islands and
along the Indian coast he would have been called a
beachcomber. In Magella he was referred to as a
gentleman of leisure. Leisure was his stock in trade,
his fetish, the bride of his soul. Ten years before
the beginning of this story he had arrived in Ma-
gella aboard the steamer Libertat bringing three
trunk loads of fur from Philadelphia. Some one
had told him that the Magellans were a luxury-
loving, money-spending people not unlike the Rus-
sians. Cavanaugh had figured on Magella being
somewhere near the South Pole.

  He arrived on a blistering-hot January day. He
and his three trunks full of furs went ashore in a
native boat piloted by naked Indians. The city was
unbearably white. Behind it the towering peaks of
the Santa Christina swam in a haze of wavering

heat fumes. The narrow streets were crowded with
barefoot people in white linen, all wearing enormous
straw sombreros with chocolate-cream crowns. Some
of these people were cinnamon-colored, some were
bronzed, black-haired, stony-eyed. There were Ital-
ians, Spaniards—flotsam and jetsam from all the
world. They kept under the shop awnings or walked
gravely in the middle of the cobbled streets, holding
green umbrellas against the blistering sun. The air
was heavy with the scent of tropical flowers.

  “If this is Russia,” Cavanaugh groaned, “I am the
Little White Brother.” He took out his handker-
chief and wiped tears and perspiration away from
his cheeks.

  Then he sought the Consul. In those days the
Consul wai young and uninitiated; so far he had not
tasted of the exotic fruit of dreams. So he listened
to Cavanaugh’s tale of woe, fitted him out with a
horse, a pack mule, and a native guide, and sent him
back into the untamed wilderness of the campagna
to sell his stock of furs to the Tapadas—those
sphinx-eyed Indians of frivolous taste. Cavanaugh
departed. What happened to him no one ever found
out. He came back to Magella, on foot, pallid, fever-
ish, his eyes burning, his clothes in ribbons. He had
some gold and no furs. Somewhere in that wild
land of plain and forest he’had drunk of the tropic
sleeping potion. And thereafter he was no good.

TEN YEARS. To-day Cavanaugh filled the un-
enviable position of official gentleman of leisure
in the American colony. He had borrowed money of
every white man in the republic. Some hidden scruple
held him from taking money from those cinnamon
and bronze men who wore white linen clothes, silver
rings, diamond scarfpins, and who carried thin bam-
boo canes—half-breed politicians and trouble makers.
Cavanaugh had his code. He never drank with an
Indian, and he always wore shoes. He had been
known to sell his honor for imported American foot-
wear, yellow, polished, stub-toed, hideous. He was
a tragic figure. He was perfectly bald and his round

Behind him, wide-eyed, silent, tense, a crowd of chocolate adventurers watched the play. The tropics had “got” him again

A
12

Collier's

June 14, 1919

cranium shone like an ivory egg. His eyebrows and
eyelashes were a fiery red. When he smiled there
was a flash of gold from many expensively filled
teeth—relics of that Philadelphian glory which
obsessed him. He was a bum, a wretch, a degraded,
senseless creature squatting in the enervating sun
of a strange land, always drunk, always obscene.
Yet Cavanaugh had a manner. Every time the
Consul kicked him downstairs or lent him a dollar
he thought sadly: “The fellow’s decent—some-
where. But the spark is far down—out of sight—
if it’s there at all.”

  There is a story about Cavanaugh. But before
we tell it there must be a word spoken about polit-
ical crazy quilts, ambition, gold, and love.

PRESIDENT DIEGO was the momentary dictator
of Magella. He was a Royalist, a man of the old
school, martial, proud, dark-skinned, with a crown
of snowy hair and Kain-tucky Colonel whiskers
twisted into points. American influence had put
him in the palace; American dollars, poured into
the Magellan treasury via the powerful Fairchild
Company, kept him there. President Diego’s seat
was as insecure as a circus rider’s. Anarchy, polit-
ical corruption, envy, stupidity, all seethed around
the white stuccoed walls of his palace. Would-be
dictators strutted through the streets of the city,
buttonholing would-be followers and bursting into
skyrocket oratorical showers on the slightest provo-
cation. One party, the Nationalists, had already
been quenched by the Fairchild Company and a little
army of American workmen from the mines. When
the smoke of that eruption cleared, peace reigned
again in Magella. Outwardly—that is. Beneath
the placid surface the Nationalists were still seeth-
ing, seeking another crater through which their red-
hot anti-Royalism might escape in a shower of bul-
lets and patriotism. Back in the campagna Diego’s
most crafty enemy, a half-breed called Cammarillo,
went about from rancho to rancho, from village to
village, gathering together cutthroats and adven-
turers, forming an army of sorts with which to at-
tack Magella, destroy the American railway, take
possession of the mines, and establish the greasy,
impassive Cammarillo himself in that white-walled
palace on the Piazza Independenza.

  This was the exact state of affairs in Magella
one sunny morning when Cava-
naugh, the ex-fur merchant from
Philadelphia, rose from his squat-
ting position in the hot sands rim-
ming the Esplanade, and, stretching
his arms above his head, wandered
off in search of a drink. He had
a few copper pennies in his pocket
—just enough for a glass of
fiery, cheap wine sold in the
black little shops along the
Via Nazionale. After one
drink life loomed like	>;|

a blank page, empty
of all save failure
and despair, the elu-
sive and eternal
mirage of borrowed
money, more drink,
dreams, memories,
ugliness. Finally,

Cavanaugh knew, the
damnable country
would “get” him. He
would die on the
beach, loco, bitten by
flies, thirsty, despised.

  He went into the
Cafe Albion, sat down
at one of the cane-
topped tables, and
plunged his gaze into
the little glass of
ruby - colored liquid.

Presently some one
took the opposite chair
and called for vino
bianco. Cavanaugh,
tipping back his head
to let the flaming
drops burn down his
throat, met the bland

eyes of a dapper Magellan in a silver-corded som-
brero.

  “You are an American, I believe?”

  “Philadelphian,” Cavanaugh answered thickly but
with a certain pride.

  The other man opened an elaborate cigarette case.

The beachcomber noticed that his hands were white
and long, with pointed fingers. “I have never met
an American,” he said in an ingratiating voice, “who
did not love liberty.”

  Cavanaugh eyed him out of one blue, red-lashed
eye. The other was tightly closed. There was a
sudden flash of his astounding gold teeth—capital,
alas, which brought little income! “Liberty. I
get you. There is a job for me. What is it that
you want me to do? And how much?”

  The Magellan’s teeth flashed too, a white flash
that was sinister and beautiful. He paid for both
drinks and rose from the table. “Follow me,”
he said. . . .

  An hour later Cavanaugh swaggered down the Via
Nazionale with ten thousand dollars in his pocket.
They had been paid into his broad palm by the lean
fingers of the dapper Magellan. One by one, crisp,
thousand-dollar American bank notes, he had ac-
cepted them, while his heart pounded and his blood
coursed through his veins like galloping horses. Ten
thousand dollars—to do a little thing for a man he
had never seen and never would see. A very little
thing.

  He crossed the Piazza, feeling that he owned the
town. He glanced at the black-haired Indian girls
selling sweets in the glowing shadow of the cathe-
dral. He raised his eyes to barred windows and
encountered the liquid gaze of pretty, sequestered
Magellan women. He grinned at them, doffing his
tattered straw hat. But he did not linger. Straight
across the dusty city to the Esplanade, straight to
Luisa, the light-o’-love from New Orleans, who was
usually to be found in the dark sala of the Cafe
Nazionale. Cavanaugh knew his Magella. She was
there, leaning her elbows on her favorite table, her
eyes on space, or on some invisible tapestry of
dreams. Except for Luisa, the room was empty.
Two long shafts of white sunlight, like dagger
thrusts, hurtled through the half-closed blinds and
stabbed the floors.

  “Hello,” said Cavanaugh.

  Luisa looked up. She had never forgotten New
Orleans. The fashion of Carondelet Street, 1906,

“Your own tongue got you into trouble. Here comes the President. Get up and listen

                    still clung to her plumed hat, her elaborate lace
                    waist, her pointed shoes. But Magella had crept
                    into her eyes. “Hello, yourself,” she said.

                     Once upon a time, in a day of supreme degrada-
                   tion, Luisa had snubbed the ex-fur merchant. To-
                   day he patronized her. Clapping his hands, he sum-

moned Ignacio, the barefooted, doe-eyed master of
ceremonies, and ordered drinks—not the consuming
thimbleful of fiery mozo beverage, but true vino
bianco. Luisa, opening her languid eyes, smiled
at him.

  “Por Dios!” she said, being more than half Span-
ish by this time. “You must have looted the Ameri-
can mines. You spend money like a Fairchild.”
Cavanaugh’s lips parted. He slapped his pockets
and winked. Happiness had given him something
of his old braggadocio, had straightened his shoul-
ders and put strength into his shambling body.
“Ten thousand dollars,” he whispered, watching her
narrowly, “a good day’s work—eh, mucliachita?
And for nothing. A little thing, easily done.”

  Luisa did not answer. She waited until the two
blinding shafts of sunlight had moved across the
floor, had shortened, had turned a flaming red; until
Cavanaugh, the fur merchant, had consumed enough
vino bianco to float his dreams in the pure essence
of mountain grape, a Dionysian sea of intoxication.
Then she leaned. across the narrow table and put
her hand lightly over his. “That very little thing
—so easily done—have you done it yet, amigo?”
Cavanaugh shook his head. Some half-forgotten
Philadelphian propriety made him shake off her
hand. “Not yet. But don’t doubt me. I hate this
country. It has swallowed me. Swallowed. Lost.
I want to go home. You know what that means,
don’t you? Decent houses. Decent food. Decent
women. Shoes. Everyone wears shoes in Phila-
delphia.” (He said “Fildela.”) “I’m going back.
Just as soon as I’ve kept my promise. I’m a man
of honor. Swallowed. Oh, my God!”

  He covered his eyes with his hands and then
looked at her again with haggard despair. “I’ll
tell you,” he whispered.

f'PHAT is how Luisa heard of the little transac-
-L tion which had taken place earlier in the day
between Cavanaugh and the slim-fingered Magellan
in the silver-corded sombrero. It seems that the
sly half-breed, Cammarillo, longed to rid the world
of President Diego. He had sent an agent—the
slim-handed one—to bribe that leisurely
scoundrel of a fur merchant with ten crisp
one-thousand dollar notes. Cavanaugh was
to scale the wall of the presidential palace
and drop into the tangled branches of one
of the old live oaks in the garden. It was
>	whispered that young Fairchild, son of the

great Fairchild himself, had fallen in love
, with Diego’s daughter. Cammarillo knew
that once every month the young American
loped down from the railway camp mounted
on a mule and, after shaving himself care-
fully at the Consulate, presented himself at
the Palace. Cammarillo knew also that
Diego always received the American in the
garden, and that Miss Diego smiled into her
suitor’s eyes over a table set, in the Euro-
pean fashion, for the serving of
tea. Esta bneno! Benissimo!
Cavanaugh was to wait in the oak
until the pretty scene was well
under way. Then he was to fire
point-blank at the President, throw
his revolver at young Fairchild’s
feet and escape, thus ridding Ma-
gella of two evils—a Royalist
ruler and an American who
had threatened to dominate the
public fancy.

You know,” Luisa told the
Consul the morning after
Cavanaugh’s whispered con-
fession, “how popular
that lad is! In the
city they call him Si-
gnor Pug. I’m telling
you what Cavanaugh
said because some
one is going to get
hurt besides Diego.
I don’t care how
many presidents are
killed—they come and
go. But Pug Fair-
child is an Ameri-
can. He’s game.”
The Consul stared at the light-o’-love from New
Orleans with something like admiration. She had
never crossed the threshold of the Consulate before.
Of all those tragi-comic wanderers she was the only
one whose love of country did not include an in-
satiable love of	(Continued on page 22)
The National Weekly

The blind soon become ex-
pert— Various forms of fin-
ger training at Evergreen

PrS          ¥ V> '     
fLj_* WttfSl 1 * Ai • £ 
             y*         
             Si v       
           j            
Sr w         If \       
i -                     
                        
-            M,         
             I          
Harris & Ewing

 a

BLINKS

       “I've just written a letter
       on the Braille machine
       to a blind lady at home'

BY SAMUEL HOPKINS ADAMS

“QAY, you fellows!” hailed the man with the cor-
^ poral’s stripes, at the top of the broad stairs.

  The uniformed group lounging at ease below, in the
luxurious country-house room, gave answer variously.

  “That you, Sid?”

 “Come on down.”

  “Easy on the turn. They’ve moved the hatrack
three feet to the left.”

  “What’s the good word?”

  The newcomer laid hold on the carved balustrade
and tip-tapped his way down, with brisk, explorative
movements of his cane. On the bottom step he
paused and turned his face with its heavy, brownish
eyeglasses toward his fellows. “I’m official,” he an-
nounced, not without a touch of pride.

 “No!”

  “When did you get it?”

  “Good old boy!”

  “Welcome to the Band of Blinks!”

  “Yep. The colonel just read me my report. Right
eye, zero. Left eye, ditto.”

  “That settles it,” came from the group. “Good
for Sid!” There was a general murmur of assent.

  It was a bewildering conversation for a layman to
listen to. The members of the group below ap-
peared to be congratulating the newcomer on having
been declared stone blind. I turned to Campbell, my
escort, himself born in a blind institution, and,
though equipped with two perfectly efficient eyes,
profoundest of experts in the psychology of the
sightless. He answered my query:

  “That’s the way they feel about it. He knows
where he stands now. .He can go out after his place
in life with certainty.”

“Officially Blind”

BEFORE I visited Evergreen, that wonderful com-
bination of hospital and training school in the
environs of Baltimore, where the surgeon general’s
office of the War Department and the Red Cross
have united in a reconstruction program for the
blind, the reference to “his place in life” would have
seemed the makeshift of a false hope. But already
I had learned enough to have a glimmer of enlight-
enment upon the almost inconceivably ambitious, yet
wholly practical program which the Government has
laid out for these, the heaviest handicapped of all
war victims. In this room, which we had fortu-
nately happened into at a leisure hour, I was to
learn more.

  The newly “officially blind” man, eluding the dis-
placed hatrack, made his way along the wall, and
presently bumped into a chair containing a miser-
able huddle of humanity in sailor’s uniform.

  “Hello!” said he. “Who’s this?”

  From the chair came a mutter which might have
been a curse.

  “Oh, all right!” said Sid equably. “If you feel
that way about it.” And he joined the gathering in
the middle of the room.

  I could see, rather than hear, the low-spoken ques-
tion which he put: “Who’s the guy?”

  “New man. A gob. He’s down.”

  “Total?”

  “Yep. And he can’t get used to it.”

  “Leave him alone,” advised Zim, a strapping, up-
standing, fine-looking young sergeant, a “wise guy”
in all that pertains to his condition and a power for
morale among his fellows. “He thinks the game is
up for him. He’ll learn better after he’s got used
to us.”

  It was my good fortune to see developing then and

  At Evergreen in the environs of Baltimore the
  Government is training with remarkable re-
  sults the men blinded in war. As Mr. Adams
  shows us vividly in this article, it is not only
  teaching them how to make their own living
  but is restoring their morale and self-con-
  fidence. And the plan eventually is to ex-
  tend these methods to the training of all the
  eighty thousand blind throughout the country.

there, at the hands of the experienced blind men, the
schooling of that melancholy wreck. In fact, I am
by no means sure that what followed was not, in
part at least, a put-up job for the purpose of arrest-
ing his interest and establishing within his depressed
soul the foundations of confidence. One of the group
who had been sitting on the piano bench playing
chords stood up.

  “Guess I’ll write to the folks,” he observed. “Any-
body seen my typewriter?” The normal blind man
says “see” quite naturally, and means it, for he sees
with his trained fingers.

  “Buck had it,” came the answer. “It’s near the
right-hand far corner.”

  “Don’t get mine. You’ll muss up my string foot
shift.” The warning came from a youth who had
lost the use of one arm in addition to his sight, and
therefore operated the capital shift key on his ma-
chine by means of a cord attached to his shoe.

“I’ve just written a letter on the Braille machine,”
remarked another, “to a blind lady at home that I
don’t even know. She’ll have a fit when she gets it.”
“That reminds me,” said Buck. “I’ve got to clean
up some correspondence to be ready for to-night.”

  “What’s on for to-night?” inquired some one. “A
dance?”

  “No: that’s to-morrow. Lecture to-night.” Here
Campbell nudged me, and nodded toward the sailor.
That sad and torpid individual had lifted his head
and was slightly craning his neck.

  “Well, I’m for some exercise,” observed a husky
young fellow in the garb of the marines. “Let’s go
over to the gym and skate.”

  The sailor’s sightless eyes blinked, and he set his
hand to his head with a puzzled gesture.

  “Good business,” approved two others. “And a
swim afterward. What?”

  “Where’s Jerry? Won’t he go?”

  “Can’t,” said Sergeant Zim. “He’s taking some
special instruction in store management to-day.”

  At this point the sailor turned his chair and
hunched it perceptibly nearer.

  “What about Jake?”

  “I left him bowling a game with Max for the
cigarettes,” said the marine.

“A Sight for Sore Eyes”

CAMPBELL signaled me again to look at the
jacky — which I was doing, anyway. He had
arisen and now painfully, with every muscle con-
stricted in fear of contacts—quite the reverse of the
easy, confident progress which Sid had exhibited—
stumbled over to the talkers.

  “Say, you guys,” he began hoarsely.

  “Well, go on; say it, gob. What’s on your mind?”
“Are you guys—are yo 1 all—” He could not
quite bring himself (being very new) to utter the
direful word.

  “Blind,” supplied the corporal. “Don’t be afraid
of it. Sure. We’re blinks.”

  “Blinks?” he repeated doubtfully.

  “That’s it. Officially blinks. And the sooner you
get used to it, the more fun you’ll have.”

  “Fun!” retorted the jacky bitterly. “Where do
you get that stuff? What’s the good of living when
you can’t ever see—”

  “Oh, cut it, gob! That line of guff won’t get you
anything. You’ll never beat this game by sittin’ on
the seat o* your pants and grouchin’.”

  The neophyte turned this lesson over in his mind
for a moment. “Do you, honest, have dances and
go swimming and—and skate?”

 “Sure! Why not?”

  “About the bowling—that was a lie, wasn’t it?”
Having felt rather that way about it myself, I
awaited the answer with interest. It came from a
plump-faced young artilleryman. “You call the num-
ber of any pin on the alley, and I’ll knock it cold
twice out of three tries.” (Continued on page 2G)

*	*
r

14

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

HOSTESS HOySE

American Rhine Maidens

Y. W. C. A. secretaries at Coblenz guard the “home spirit”
for the Army of Occupation as zealously as ever the Rhine
Maidens of German mythology watched over the river’s gold

All photographs
from Gilliams Service

                                                             A typical home
                                                             corner. American
                                                             magazines and
                                                             the opportunity
                                                             to talk to an
                                                             American woman

Orel

thousand

a

Americans are fed
here daily. **After-
noon tea** and
**chocolate time**
bring many more

The Rhine is now the
extreme frontier of the
great pie belt—the pies
being made by German
cooks directed by an
American sergeant

It*s “Gangway, heads up** when
a lady appears, otherwise everyone,
private or officer, takes his turn

The Hostess House at Coblenz—a
**converted saloon,** which is a
rarity in a country where most
saloons have no fear of July the 1st

 i
The National Weekly

15

Is this what is
meant by the
Army of Occu-
pation? Seems
a pleasant occu-
pation, at that

** Fraternizing?” Hut the
adopted brothers with
whom these Y. W. secre-
taries are visiting the great
Ehrenbreit stein fort are
Americans, not Germans

The shortest and
quickest way home
—in the back of an
army truck with the
rest of the supplies
necessary for a com-
plete Hostess House

Checking up to
make sure that
the Q. M. doesn’t
short -ration
her big family

“ First

        come, first
served.” Y. W. sec-
retaries take turns
getting to the
freight yard before
eight in the morning
16

Collier

JUNE 14, 1919

THE NATIONAL WEEKLY

VOL. 63 NO. 24

Personally Conducted

NOTHING could be more refreshing to the jaded world than the
inrush of our “successful business men” into political economy
and national politics. It may be argued that the acquirement of a
huge fortune does not involve, necessarily, any degree of aptitude for
either pursuit—that political economy is something of a science and
politics something of an art, and that to understand either, one must
have had a certain amount of training and practice. But the inno-
cent ardor with which eminent men of wealth tackle world prob-
lems or lightly propose to manage presidential candidacies is too
humorous to be condemned. It implies a degree of self-satisfaction
that is needed to enliven a world which events have made humble
beyond reason. But it is curious to hear at this particular time
that this or that group or clique of rich men is “running” this or
that candidacy for the presidency. Sublime self-esteem that makes
the quick compiler of a fortune imagine that he can successfully
stand forth as patron of a candidate for president of the United
States when all men of moderation everywhere are looking to this
country to give a living answer to the Bolshevist outcry against
democracy as a “government by capitalists”! It can be forgiven.
In human nature success often breeds delusions of grandeur. But
what must be said of the shrewdness of candidates and their man-
agers who accept such patronage and are content to let themselves
become part of the entourage of a patron whose method of accu-
mulating wealth is a typical cause of the “prevailing unrest”? Un-
doubtedly they are fooled by the success of Mark Hanna in man-
aging William McKinley's campaign and of William C. Whitney
in leading the Democratic party into supporting Grover Cleve-
land. But they forget that Hanna and Whitney were not merely
rich men with a sudden political hobby. They were political
leaders of long training, great statesmen in fact. Either of them
would have been himself an admirable candidate for the presidency.
There is as much difference between them and these extemporaneous
Warwicks as there is between the homely character of McKinley
and Cleveland and the mild virtues of the hopefuls who accept
this curious management. The successor to Woodrow Wilson will
not be hand-picked. The necessities of practical politics will not
let either party go before the public with a candidate who has been
“syndicated.” The demand is for a man who represents the people
as a whole, not any class or clique; who will set his face against
class restrictions, class hatreds, class privileges; whose character
leaves him free from obligation to any selfish organization or indi-
vidual ; who will treat employer and employee, not according to their
position in industrial life, but according to their rights as American
citizens, and will hold to equal citizenship as the only safe road
to sound government. Unless we are mistaken, the American public
is as much out of patience with politicians who appeal to “organized
business” as with those who appeal to “organized labor.”

In Darkest Europe

AMONG the many letters from the army praising Mark Sullivan’s

. article “Back to America” the following is one of the most
interesting:

   I wish everyone could read and digest that article. In the months of pseudo-
work since the armistice I have had time and abundant opportunity to think,
to contrast life in the States with European life, to realize and really appreciate
for the first time what America means. It is impossible for me to put into words
the pride and love for that country of ours which has developed in my ten months
of service over here—and especially in the last four months.

   And it is not a chauvinistic patriotism; the shortcomings of our national life
are not forgotten. But there is not a Yank who has failed to realize, I firmly
believe, what a wonderful world our country is in comparison with this impossi-
ble Europe* I say “impossible” not because of the scarcity of bathtubs, ice cream,
etc., but because of the mental attitude of the Europeans, their penchant for war
(we thought these hideous four years would certainly show them that war is the
most stupid and heartbreaking mistake it is in the power of man to make, and
we enlisted to help end this, and therefore all wars, but now it seems that they
never will learn better!), and because of their lack of a broad, tolerant outlook
on life such as America possesses.

    But to get back to your article. Your criticism of Wilson as an ultraidealist
is not unfounded, but—my God, how these people need a little idealism! Yet
it is plain that his idealism is over their heads. They do not understand him,
as a people, any more than he fully understands them. It may be a broad state-
ment, yet I’d say that these Continental Europeans aren't civilized, can’t think
altruistically, nor for themselves, but understand only authority, power, force*
My own attitude is, I think, that of the doughboy: “Get me home; then these
Europeans can fight among themselves as much and as long as they like.” Nar-
row? Perhaps, but a sincere feeling engendered by disgust. About all we get
for our aid over here is the suggestion that we “pay our share as if we had been
in the war from the first day.’/ With what indignation, mingled with contemptu-
ous near-mirth, that expression of gratitude was received among our army men!

   I favor sending every last Yank home and putting up a billboard on each
coast with the Monroe Doctrine written on it in letters so big that they can
be seen in every European and Asiatic capital. America is another world,
tout a fait, in every way except astronomically.

    This letter may not prove totally uninteresting to you because it expresses the
opinions of an average member of the A. E. F. We read so much stuff in the
magazines and papers, about the feeling in the A. E. F., with which we do not
agree that it is a joy to see laid before the folks at home, in plain black and
white^a few things we would like them to think about and act on.

   A little wrong, but very right, this letter. It repeats the old
grudge against the short-changing merchant, which is a small thing.
But it tells us with a restrained fury that if the American soldier
has to fight again he will want to know why, and that is a big thing.
The description of Europe is not necessarily true. What is true is
that most Americans think of Europe in some such terms. Our
war was a crusade, and, like the Crusades, it did not win the Holy
Land. The comparison holds one step further: our Crusaders have
remained loyal to their faith.

The Rescue

FEW men can read their own obituaries with such imperial pride
as Harry Hawker and Lieutenant Commander Grieve. They
went out of this world on an adventure which deserved triumph
or tragedy as its end. They were denied both. They got the all
but final thrill. But they gave the world the breath of their gal-
lantry to live by. It was one of the occasions when life fails to
play up to its opportunities. Any imaginative writer would have
done better. The happy accident which saved these men could not
have been foreseen by an artist, strict in the logic of his theme.
It was provided. And humanity, deprived of one vast satisfaction,
rejoices in another manifestation of its two great mysteries: the
courage of its own spirit and the unaccountable ways of Fate.

Authority

THE great image of authority, according to Lear, is: “A dog’s
obeyed in office.” For thousands of American citizens leather
puttees and shoulder ornaments have been a symbol of power: obeyed,
respected when understood, but always vaguely resented. To the Ger-
man mind this resentment spells our ruin. Other Europeans weigh it
with our other shortcomings in discipline. We refuse to be alarmed.
We have, in our short years of war, gained something in discipline.
We have escaped the worst evils of authority. In whatever form
our army is perpetuated, we need to keep what we have gained, to be
sure. But we need more to avoid what we have so far avoided.

 . Inflated Savings

WITH the world needing tools (capital) of all kinds in order to
go back to the work of life, there is no good fooling ourselves
as to the statistics of our savings. Putting a dollar in the bank
nowadays is about what putting in sixty cents was five years ago.
Not only that, but any money kept on deposit since 1915 is worth
a lot less now than it was then. The till has not been tapped nor
the safe blowa nor the coins filed down—it is merely that things
are scarcer and dearer, money more plentiful and less valuable. The
thing to do is, therefore, to measure savings achieved and to plan
savings intended by the existing scale of values. If it takes a dollar
to buy what was sixty cents’ worth, save the dollar.
•\

The National Weekly

A Ring at the Door

HOW agreeable it would be to know what books Count Bentinck
has on his library shelves at Amerongen! Of course Mr.
Hohenzollern probably spends most of his time with the daily
papers and the Bible—though what consolation he can find in the
latter we fail to see. We can’t help wishing he might have a copy
of Schopenhauer’s “Aphorismen zur Lebensweisheit”—Aphorisms
on the Conduct of Life—on his table. He would find so much
there that would minister to his misery! For instance, where
the acidulous Schopen-
hauer remarks:

    In my young days I was
always pleased to hear a ring
at my door: ah! thought I,
now for something pleasant!

But in later life my feelings
on such occasions were rather
akin to dismay than to pleas-
ure; heaven help me! thought
I, what am I to do?

   One of these days
there will come a ring
at the door of the Amer-
ongen mansion, and Wil-
liam will think just that.

     Possession

IN the new world (after
the League of Nations
is established) there will
no doubt be a school of
Manners, not limited to
reluctant Bolsheviki. The
chief item of instruction
should be on the art of
possession. False ideas
prevail to-day. A man
says “my office,” but his
clerks say “our office.”

Men and women assume
possession with startling
rapidity. An accident
in “our car,” or “in our
street”acquires a world’s
significance, beside which
the eruption of Stromboli
is a small and dismal
thing. Just as men take
pride in Texas because
they live in the largest
State, so office boys are
haughty if their building
has more elevators than
any other in the world.

We think the socialists
ought to supply us with
an analysis of this fury
•to possess. As a starting
point we offer the sug-
gestion that humanity
is all wrong — it is not
the man who owns the
office; the office could

much more justly speak of “my man.” In spite of our title deeds
and rent receipts we are all men possessed, by property or by
an idea or by those we love. The art of living is in choosing
our possessions—and our possessors as well.

Sitting Down

MANY a man recently demobilized has a certain queer feeling of
resurrection, that he has “become somebody,” as the saying is.
Home inspection is so unlike what he has been used to in the serv-
ice. From being a plain private, regarded with care, suspicion, and
qualified approval, he has become handsome, sinewy, distinguished-
looking, improved by travel.

   There is no more of that eternal lining up by the hundreds
for drill, work, food, mail, leave, amusement, medical attention,
etc., that endless, tiresome lining up! One man is now one man,

*	* *

17

not a link in a human chain. One’s feet come easily off the ground
and light softly now that the hobnails are banished. Food is taken
sitting, and there are various dishes to eat from and all day to
do it in. Also, one can sit elsewhere than on the roadside or in
the ditch, and sometimes there is a light handy by one’s chair.
No civilian can ever imagine what a stand-up game war is. Best
of all, there is sleep, sleep unharassed by the rub of wool on your
unwashed frame, sleep on something more sleepful than the earth,

that “the boys of the A. E. F. wrote letters home in forty-six
different languages.” Why not? In the name of Columbus and
the Pilgrim Fathers and Pere Marquette and Father Knicker-
bocker, why not? What did those boys say in their forty-six lan-
guages which was not faithful to America? Did they deny Amer-
ica with their gift of tongues, or is Mr. Bohn forgetful—in the
best of English? The years will strengthen our yearning for a
common tongue; just now it is not all-important for men who
have had a common cause and have fought for it. Mr. Bohn mis-
understands a little the nature of “These States.” They are United,
not unified, certainly not uniform. The advocates of restriction
must face the alternative: to array America in regiments against
the alien, or trust America to make Americans of those whom her
faith and her freedom bring to her shores. The lesson of Babel
cannot be taught from a textbook of English grammar.

June 1U, 1910

sleep till 7 a. m. if .you want it and the top sergeant can go to blazes.

                                      Mess call is when you
      are ready. Demobiliza-
      tion is right: get out of
      the mob and be somebody
      on your own account,
      and confusion to th6 ras-
      cal that tries to start an-
      other war.

          Literature

     WHAT is it that dis-
     tinguishes literature
     from a mere gathering
     of words? Stopford
     Brooke said it about as
     well as anyone:

            Writing is not literature
        unless it gives the reader a
        pleasure which arises, not
        only from the things said, but
        from the way in which they
        are said, and that pleasure is
        only given when the words
        are carefully or curiously or
        beautifully put together.

       Any of us might
     conceive the following
     thought and set it down
     in some agreeable form
     of words:

           The blue sky is my tav-
       ern, where I drink my fill
       of air and dew. . . .

        That, however, is
     merely writing. Then
     comes Emily Dickinson
     and makes it literature:

          Inebriate of air am I,

         And debauchee of dew,
         Reeling, through endless
         summer days,

          From inns of molten blue.

Denying America

       IT is a little disappoint-
       ing to find a liberal of
       Mr. Frank Bohn’s qual-
       ity talking seriously of a
       ten-year ban on immi-
       gration “until there is
       only one language in
       America.” It is worse
       to hear Mr. Bohn’s cry
       of distress over the fact

Drawn by J. X. Darling

The oblivious professor
i

18

Collier'S	June 14. 19 li)

Be a Boy Scout!

BY WILLIAM ALMON WOLFF

ILLUSTRATED BY JOHN R . NEILL

  When you are asked for your dollar this week—
the dollar that entitles you to membership in the Boy
Scouts of America—consider what these Scouts did
during the war as explained briefly in this article.
They certainly earned your cooperation. But the
plans of the organization for the future are more
important than anything pertaining to the past.
There are ten million boys of Scout age in America
and there are only about 375,000 enrolled Boy Scouts.
The organization wants to reach more boys—more
and more!—enroll them and make better citizens of
them. That aim is worthy of your help!—The Editor.

NOW the Boy Scouts are after you. They want
you to join, the way you join the Red Cross
each year at Christmas. And there is a pretty
subtle quality to the appeal they are going to make
to you from June 8 to Jun° 14. Suppose you’re a
portly gentleman whose white waistcoat is promi-
nent, and whose hair isn’t what it once was. You’re
going to be rather pleased at being asked to become
a Boy Scout, aren’t you? You’re going to think the
joke is worth a dollar, anyway? Or suppose you’re
one of the young women who’ve always resented the
fact that they weren’t boys?

  This idea of a sustaining membership, costing a
dollar a year, is an entirely new thing with the Boy
Scouts of America—although the idea itself, of
course, is precisely the same as that of the Red
Cross. The Red Cross has always insisted, during
its great membership drives, that the dollar was
relatively unimportant—that what it wanted, chiefly,
was the cooperation of as many Americans as
it could enlist. The Boy Scouts want your
dollar, and need it—but they need you much
more than they need your dollar.

  The organization feels that too little is known
and understood about it and its work. It
thinks the part Scouts played during the
war, for instance, hasn’t been fully set forth
—which is true. And so there is to be a
National Boy Scout Week. The idea for that
came from William G. McAdoo, former Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who suggested, also,
the idea of the sustaining membership. Mr.

McAdoo hasn’t anything to do with the or-
ganization; has never been one of its officers.

He became interested in it during the first
Liberty Loan.

  He says that when he was going about
the country, speaking in behalf of the four
loans that were placed while he held office,
he never got off a train without being as-
sailed by a Scout trying to sell him a bond.

They made him feel that the organization
was decidedly wide awake. And then, he
had access to the figures, and knew that

Scouts had sold, in four loans, bonds to the amount
of $280,391,800, and War Savings Stamps worth $42,-
851,031. They obtained 1,877,909 separate subscrip-
tions to Liberty Bonds, and sold 2,175,625 thrift
cards or W. S. S. cards. That is, Scouts were respon-
sible for getting more than four million individuals
to invest in Government securities—figures which, to
coin a phrase, certainly do speak for themselves!

  So far as McAdoo is concerned, this National Boy
Scout week represents, largely, an offering of thanks
and a tribute to an organization that did some of the
most valuable voluntary war work that was done
during the whole war. He is at the head of a com-
mittee of citizens, not connected regularly with the
Boy Scout organization, which has been working out
the detailed plans for the week.

  James E. West, the Chief Scout Executive, the
man in active charge of the whole organization, is

Rather pleased at being asked to become a Boy Scouc!

not displeased, naturally, with this idea of a na-
tional tribute to his boys. But he is vastly more
interested in what they are going to do, and what he
thinks they can and should do, in the future, than
in anything that lies behind. He’s a discontented,
restless man, and goes about bewailing the fact that
there are ten million boys of Scout age in America,
and that the Boy Scouts have only about 375,000 on
their muster rolls.

  “We’ve done pretty well,” he says, in effect. “But
think of what we could do if we had as many mem-
bers as we should!”	#

“Be Prepared”

OF course, West really is tremendously proud of
what the Scouts did during the war. And they did
make a remarkable record. They were ready, you
see—they were ready on April 6, 1917. There were
about 277,000 of them then, organized into troops
and patrols, uniformed, mobilized. The motto of
the Boy Scouts is “Be Prepared.” And they live
up to it. So they had no need to make extensive
preparations. Word was flashed from headquarters
in New York, and all over the country scoutmasters
placed their troops at the disposal of the local au-
thorities for any service that might be required.

     The situation was without precedent; no one
  knew just what use could be made of the Scouts.
  But here was a uniformed, organized, disci-
  plined force of boys larger than either the
  regular army or the National Guard at that
  time. And West and his associates knew that
  there was something it could do.

     They were right. The first big job the*
     Scouts did was in the first Liberty Loan.
     That established them;* gave the Govern-
     ment an idea of their value. And imme-
     diately afterward the Navy Department
     appealed for help.

       It isn’t generally known, even now, but
     there was a good deal of nervousness in
     Washington about the Atlantic Coast. It
     wasn’t properly patrolled; men for that
     service weren’t available. No proper sur-
     veys had ever been made. If the Germans
     had planned submarine raids, as there was
     good reason to suppose they might have
     done, they might easily have arranged for
     beacons and signal stations. The Boy Scouts,
     working with the navy, made a survey that
     plotted, accurately, the location of tele-
     phones, buildings available for barracks and
     hospitals, etc., along the whole coast; plans
     were worked out for patrolling the whole
     line, from Maine to Florida, in case of need,
     with older Scouts. And a good deal of con-
     fidential work was (Continued on page 30)

                            » * •
The National Weekly

FREE

TRIAL

No

Money
Down

10 cents a day soon buys an

Oliver Typewriter — Latest Model

          Before you realize it you have this splendid Oliver paid for. And
        you get to use it right away—while you pay.

          To begin with, you save $43 on the price, for we now sell the $100
        Oliver for $57. It is our latest and best model, the No. 9. The finest
        product of our factories.

We are able to make this great saving for you through the economies
we learned during the war. We found that it was unnecessary to have
great numbers of traveling salesmen and numerous expensive branch
houses through the country. We were also able to discontinue many other
superfluous sales methods.

You may buy direct from us, via coupon. We

Used by
U. S. Steel
Corporation,
Pennsylvania
R. R., National
City Bank of New
York, Encyclopedia
Britannica, New
York Edison Co.,
Otis Elevator Co.,
Boston Elevated • Rail-
ways, and other big
concerns.

The Oliver Typewriter \o

Chicago, u. s a.
Machine cleaned and oiled

even send the Oliver for five
days free trial, so that you
may act as your own sales-
man. You may use it as if
it were your own. You can
be the sole judge, with no
one to influence you.

  Let us send you the Oliver for
Free Trial. The coupon brings it.

  If you agree that it is the finest
typewriter, regardless of price, pay
for it at the rate of $3 per month.

We ask no partial payment in ad-
vance. You have over a year to pay. -
And you’ll have the Oliver all that time. There is no
need to wait until you have the full amount.

  If, after trying it, you wish to return it, we even re-
fund the outgoing transportation charges. So the trial
does not cost you a cent. Nor does it place you under obligations
to buy.

  Our new plan has been a tremendous success. We are selling
more Olivers this way than ever before. Over 700,000 Olivers have
been sold! Oliver popularity is increasing daily. *

  This, the Oliver 9, has all the latest improvements. It is noted for its I
sturdiness, speed and fine workmanship. It is handsomely finished in olive
enamel and polished nickel. If any typewriter is worth $100, it is this Oliver,
for which we now ask only $57, after its being priced for years at $100.

  Mail the coupon for EITHER a free trial Oliver or further information. Be
your own salesman and save $43. This is your great opportunity.

Canadian Price, $72

THE OLIVER TYPEWRITER COMPANY

1026 Oliver Typewriter Building, Chicago, 111.

                   This coupon brings you a
                 Free Trial Oliver without
                 your paying in advance.
                 Decide yourself. Save $43..

Or this coupon brings further information.
Check which you wish.

THE OLIVER TYPEWRITER COMPANY

1026 Oliver Typewriter Bldg., Chicago, 111.

   Ship me a new Oliver Nine for five days free inspection. If I keep it,
I will pay $57 at the rate of S3 per month. The title to remain in you until
fully paid for.

My shipping point is..................................................

This does not place nae under any obligation to buy. If I choose to return
the Oliver, I will ship it back at your expense at the end of five days.

   Do not send a machinc until I order it. Mail me your book—“The High
Cost of Typewriters — The Reason and the Remedy,” your de luxe catalog
and further information.

Name

Street Address.

City.................

Occupation or Business

                               State
20

Collier9s

June 14, 1919

V

v . A	7

A very hard steel ball is pressed
into the surface of the forging, at
regulated pressure and the indent-
ation thus made varies in size ac-
cording to the degree of hardness
of the metal. This is the Brinell
Machine, in connection with which
indentations have been taken for
every grade of steel in every con-
dition of heat treatment so that it
is possible to produce forgings to
any desired degree of machine-
ability. Science countenances no
guesses or approximations in mod-
ern forge practice.

— - J v1-

IN men and in nuts, round shoul-
ders mean life has been too
much for them.

 To your upstanding workman,
the scarred face of a round shoul-
dered nut is a mark of disgrace.

 So he demands a Billings &
Spencer Triangle B wrench because
his own reputation makes him value
theirs.

  You can safely take a workman’s
word for what is right in tools.

  He will tell you the Triangle B
wrench fits his hand as if it were glad
to work with him—its steel is tough
(not brittle) with a hidden some-
thing in its makeup which means
honest years of service instead of
dishonest months of trouble.

  That hidden something took sev-

eral thousand men fifty years to
make. It is the value behind the
Triangle B trade-mark. On a tool,
a drop forging or a great machine,
it says “Rely on me,” and it has
said that to the world of industry
since the days of the Civil War.

 Remember the last time you
worked over a difficult nut? Did
your wrench slip just a little and
make the hard job harder? Triangle
B wrenches would have helped in-
stead of hindering—they fit those
hard-to-get-at nuts, cleanly, surely,
without a slip.

  Your hardware dealer or your
garage accessory man will approve
your judgment when you say
Triangle B or Billings & Spencer.

  He likes to sell satisfaction!

The First Commercial

Rely on Me'

Drop Forging Plant in America

Hartford

Hand Tools - For£>in£s

For£in£> Machinery
The National Weekly

21

Eclipse Handicap

               Continued from page 8

The

                                     %

imbecile expression. He was worth about forty dol-
lars for purposes of glue and other by-products and
nobody knew his age, but it was popularly supposed
that he dated back to the period when dressy gents
stopped wearing detachable cuffs.

  This was the sad-faced equine which Mr. Lewis
now added to his alleged assets and turned over to
us in lieu of our four thousand iron gentlemen.

  ‘‘Which is going to do us a lot of real good,”
Omar said bitterly, after we had discussed Gallops.
“He couldn’t beat an old lady going home for her
wooden leg. I saw him run once in a race, or at
least he was supposed to be running. I could carry
a couple of kitchen stoves under my arm and beat
him myself.”

  “Well, we might sell him to some vegetable dealer
or a livery stable,” Harmony argued. “And any-
how, who are you to be throwing away our assets?”

THUS it was that we came to accept Gallops. Mr.
Lewis departed for New York soon after, and in
the course of the next few days Harmony, Omar,
and I wandered out to the scenes of our undoing at
Pergo Park. While we were there it occurred to
Harmony to have a brief look at Gallops. We
were directed to his boudoir at the end of a row of
ramshackle stables and found the place in charge
of a man ninety years old and partly deaf. He
moodily opened a door and led us to the inner sanc-
tum, where we found Gallops engaged in eating away
the woodwork.

  “So you own Gallops, do you?” the oldish person
remarked after we had yelled at him a while. “Well,
there’s a thirty-dollar bill against him for oats.
Somebody’s got to pay it.”

  “Sure,” said Omar. “I might have known.”

  Harmony and I gazed at our new possession with-
out the slightest enthusiasm. He looked pessimistic
and underfed, and you could see all his larger ribs
and part way into his engine room. He had a high,
proud head and a curly mane. Omar tried to look
at his teeth and nearly lost two fingers.

  “This being Gallops,” he remarked bitterly, “he
ought to be shot or given to some curio collector.
I’ve been looking at horses all my life, and I know
when to give them away.”

  “We didn’f expect him to be good for much when
we took him,” Harmony reminded, running his hand
up and down Gallops’s centerboard. After a pro-
longed argument with the old man about the oats
bill we returned to the Queen Mary and settled down
in our new poverty, drawing small sums from the
flinty-hearted Omar and listening to his never-ending
reproaches.

  A week later we made another pilgrimage to the
track, but having no loose change, we refrained from
speculation and spent the time talking to casual
friends. The three of us lingered, and Harmony
crowded himself into a two-bit crap game under the
stand, where it took him some time to lose the little
he had. Omar and I waited in impatience, and thus
it was that we were late in leaving the park. The
day’s sport was ended and the racegoers had long
since departed for the city. Harmony rejoined us
and paused to light a cigarette, and we were standing
there innocently, leaning against the railing in the
semiobscurity of the late afternoon, when something
passed on the other side. It went by like a six-inch
shell. There was the rush of wind, the hum of a
moving object and then silence.

  “What was that?” Omar exclaimed, turning a
startled eye on me.

  “It sounded like a horse,” I returned.

  Harmony had lighted his match, and when it
burned his fingers he dropped it.

  “It sure sounded like a horse,” Omar admitted,
peering down the dim track.

  “No horse lives that can go that fast,” Harmony
retorted. “They ain’t no such horse.”

  We stood there in foolish debate, and finally •
climbed on the fence and sat there expectantly. Soon
we discerned something coming toward us out of
the gloom. It was an indistinct form at first, but it
gradually took shape, and as it approached we saw
that it was a horse, and perched on its back was a
small figure. When the animal was opposite, Har-
mony shouted and the rider came over.

  “What horse is that?” he demanded of the dim form.

  “Gallops,” said the voice.

  I	heard a noise, as of Omar falling off the fence,
and when I looked he was picking himself up.

  “Gallops?” Harmony repeated, with forced calm.

“Gallops? You ain’t making any mistake, are you?
You sure that’s Gallops?”

   “I ought to know,' boss,” said the voice. “I’m the
exercise boy on this track, and I sleep in the same
stable with this hoss.”

  “Did you go by us a few minutes ago?” Harmony
inquired incredulously.

  “I sure did go by you,” said the boy. “We was
agoin’ it, wasn’t we?”

   He chuckled gently and stroked the surprising beast.
We climbed down on the track side and made a
careful investigation. The lad was tell-
ing the truth. The horse was our own
Gallops, popeyes and all. We later
learned that the youth worked in the
particular group of stables infested
with our gift horse, and it seems
he derived singular enjoyment
from taking our asset out and
running him around the
after office hours.

   “Boss, how he kin go!”
said the boy admiringly,
and we felt of Gallops
anew to make sure it
was he.

  “Have you run him
far?” Harmony de-
manded, and the boy
announced that he had
merely jogged a fast
quarter mile.

   “Very good,” said Har-
mony. “I'm Mr. Childs,
and he’s my horse. Run
him clean around the
track this time, and
we’ll hold a watch on
him. And don’t forget
to hurry him.”

  “All right,” said the
jockey. “I didn’t know
this was your hoss.”

  “You had nothing on
me,” said Harmony, and
the lad steered Gallops
out to the center of .the
track and started.

   There, in the gathering
dusk, we timed our aston-
ishing race horse. He got
off like a Mauser bullet,
we heard the departing
thud of hoofs and a little

later the noise began coming from the opposite direc-
tion. Harmony and Omar both held their watches
on the tryout, and I now forget what the time of
that test was. Anyhow, if I did remember, and put
it in, people would call me an infernal liar. Let it
go with the truthful statement that it was faster
than any horse ever traveled a mile in California
up to this time. It was one of these miracle miles.
The boy turned around and cantered back to us.
Omar closed his watch.

  “What’s the matter with him?” he asked. “He
never went that fast before in his life. What have
you been doing to him?”

   “Not a thing,” grinned the boy. “The fact is, this
here Gallops is a peculiar hoss, and I’m the only
one knows it. See them funny eyes. Them ain’t
regillar hoss eyes. No, sir. This is a popeyed hoss,
and he can’t run in the daytime on account of them
eyes. He hates daylight and won’t have nothin’ to
do with it. But give him a little darkness, like
we’re havin’ now, and he’s the dog-gone fastes’ race
hoss in the world. He’s what I calls a night runner,
and they ain’t nothin’ on four legs that can beat him.”
“That’s funny,” said Harmony in a calmer man-
ner. “Take him back to the stable, and here’s a
dollar for your trouble.”

OMAR painfully dug up the money, and the boy
disappeared. Then the three of us walked thought-
fully away to catch the car for San Francisco.

“A night runner,” said Omar reflectively. “There’s
something I never did hear tell of. We now own a
horse which can only go in the evening. Won’t it be
sweet for us if they ever have horse races at night?”
“Yes,” I agreed, “but they never did have night
races, so I suppose we needn’t bank much on that.”
“Anyhow,” said Harmony as we caught the car,
“it was worth something to know this about Gallops.”

  “Yeah—worth a dollar,” answered Omar, thinking
of that same.

  Five days later, at three o’clock on the afternoon
of a very rainy, miserable day, the door burst open
and Harmony Childs dashed in. One look at his flushed
countenance assured me that he was coming down

                  with an idea, because an attack of
                  thought in Harmony is always ac-
                  companied by exterior changes. He
                  waved a newspaper aloft, flung his
                  hat into a corner, and dropped into
                  a chair.

  “It was bound to come,” he said.
“There’s no such thing as the luck
going one way all the time.”
“What’s up?” I asked.

  “I’ve got a grand hunch,” he con-
tinued. “This horse of ours, which
has so far never won a race, is
about to win one.”

  “You go and see a doctor,” Omar
snorted. “You got a fever.”

     “Listen,” said Harmony. “You
  remember the other day when I
  said if we could ever get Gallops
  into a race under the proper
  lighting conditions, we would
  thereby win a race with him?
  Very good. The right condition
  is about to arrive. I am going
  to enter our mutual horse in the
  third race at Tia Juana on the
  afternoon of Thursday, the 12th
  of August, time about three
  o’clock.”

    “Which is down in Mexico,”
  Omar returned in disgust. “We
  are up here in San Francisco
  and so is our horse. Why are
  you going down there and how
  are you going to get there?”

    “In Tia Juana,” Harmony
continued impressively—“in Tia
Juana on Thursday, the 12th of
August, at three o’clock, there is
to be an eclipse of the sun. It
will likewise be elsewhere on the
North American continent, but
the path of greatest totality, so
the paper says, runs across
northern Mexico, and through
Tia Juana. Because of this sci-
entific fact, a crowd of astrono-
mers are going down there, and
so are we. Does all this mean anything to you two
mental giants?”

  “Not a thing,” Omar admitted, “unless you get a
job carrying bags for some astronomers.”

  “Well, it means something to me,” Harmony went
on, with a triumphant note in his voice. “This
eclipse will bring about a condition of partial dark-
ness, which is meat for Gallops. He’s going to find
just enough murk for those popeyes of his, and thus
we enter him in the three o’clock race and win it.
That’s plain, isn’t it?”

  “Yes,” said Omar, “but if we send him down to
Mexico, it means plenty of expenses; and how do
we pay all those expenses?”

  “With what remains of the seven hundred you
got for your automobile,” Harmony answered cheer-
fully. “You’ll have just enough left to pay the
preliminary bills and enough for the hasty betting
which I intend to do.”

  “You’re going to bet on Gallops?” Omar asked
doubtfully.

  “Everything you have left,” Harmony answered.
“The horse will be about a hundred to one, as he
always is. We will take what is left of your fund,
which ought to be about five hundred by that time,
and lay it all at those sweet odds. We therefore
clean up something like fifty thousand dollars.”

  “I regret to see that you are no longer partially
insane,” Omar remarked coldly. “You are now all
insane.”

  “We win just about fifty thousand dollars,” Har-
mony said, rolling the figures under his tongue like
a sweet morsel. “This is not a gamble at all. This
is what we term a mathematical certainty. We own
a night runner that can beat any horse in the world,
and at Tia Juana he will probably be running against
a bunch of hounds. It is all over but banking the
money.”	(Continued on page 47)

“I go East stripped bare"
22

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

borrowing money. She was disheveled and tearful.
Cavanaugh’s vino bianco had put a sort o^yo'x hu-
mana tremor in her voice. But the Consul kneyrthat
she was telling the truth.

  “That’s all right,” he said kindly. “I’ll warn Mr.
Fairchild. He is coming in to-day. Cammarillo’s
man must have known that too. Is Cavanaugh
sober?” .

  Luisa wiped her eyes with a dingy lace handker-
chief and shook her head. “He has a flame in his
bosom,” she said. “A hate. Drink can’t put it out.”

  The Consul laughed and went with her to the
door, giving her his hand at parting. Luisa glanced
above him at the American flag hanging in lazy folds
over the entrance to the Consulate. But she said
nothing. The Consul watched her picking her way
down the narrow street, holding her velvet skirt
away from the dusty cobblestones, the plumes on
her hat attracting the hilarious attention of every
passer-by. Then he went back to the cool patio and,
climbing into the hammock, waited for Pug Fair-
child to come down from the campagna.

       Continued from page 12	OHu ^

could do would be as useless as trying to
stop the turning of the globe by sticking my

toes into the ground. You would	t

die, amigo, and neither your father’s	Sr *	%

                                             v_jQMRBHr~

              • • ^	i I

flag could stop these	• __ .	u-f	jJj /	W

loving Magellans from	■.„	..iL'V £ ' %	\ f t X	dJU ___

shooting you full of	SB	^	f/ Ti-

  ll	is strange	k$ ■ j«j	^

 Pug glanced at the '	~

Very deliberately he	~~

a bed of blazing flowers.	v .:< >■: ' Vv- 1 " ... '■ ;5"^	■	*/%£

he queried.	^

The Consul smiled.	^jMTv^F	"V.	*«*v-

“Much. Your enemy
opened his heart to a

lady. A lady from New	“Ten thousand dollars, a good day’s work—eh, muchachita?”

Orleans. And she, being

a woman of fine perception and honor, came to me naugh was weak with happiness and vino bianco.
with the scenario of the crime. Cavanaugh is going Presently he lay on his back and gazed into the
to shoot the President from the branches of an old smiling face of Signor Pug.

oak tree'in the garden. Bene! You can go across “Leave me go,” he whistled faintly, “or I’ll shoot
the roofs and spoil his aim.”	you dead.”

  They did not speak again of Cavanaugh. Instead “You can’t,” Pug laughed, “because I’ve got your
they talked of many things—railways, mushrooms, gun. And a nice little gun it is too, with Cammarillo
comic opera, gold, primitive morality, ethnology, written on it in mother-o’-pearl.”
poker, and eggnog. The Consul was electrical with Cavanaugh wriggled and fought for breath,
happiness. He had discarded the Creole drawl with “Luisa—” he managed to say.

which he had helped Luisa to eloquence and was “Not Luisa at all,” Pug answered, digging his
back on his native soil—Tremont Street. The gay ' thumb into the fur merchant’s windpipe with pleas-
patio, the parrot, the square of purple sky faded urable sensations. “Your own tongue got you into
into the gray luxury of the St. Botolph Club. For trouble, Mr. Cavanaugh. Here comes the President,
three hours twin spirals of cigarette smoke drifted Get up and listen for your cues.”
lazily into the Magellan ether. And the Consul

forgot.	T)RESIDENT DIEGO came down the garden path

  At four Pug rose, yawned, loosened the revolver -L with Miss Diego on his arm. The checkered sun-
in the pocket of his white coat, and ran quickly up the light touched her white dress." Her eyes were full
flight of stone stairs that led to the roof of the Con- of love and mischief. Signor Pug assisted the
sulate. There he could see the harbor, where a single wretched Cavanaugh to his feet and turned to greet
rusty fruit steamer rode at anchor, the giant Chris- father and daughter with a bow that a caballero
tina kindling in the glow of the setting sun, the flat might have envied. With a sweep or his arm he
roofs of the ’dobe city, and away to the south the introduced the apoplectic fur merchant,
square patch of rich green where Cavanaugh waited. “Mr. Cavanaugh. A fellow countryman. A dear
Pug waved his hand to the Consul and padded softly friend. Noted biologist. Fond of gymnastics.”
across the sea of glaring roofs to the reckoning.	President Diego bowed. Miss Diego, who had been

educated in Pittsburgh, put out a friendly hand. And
Cavanaugh, blindly, desperately, shook it. Where-
upon he was invited to tea. The table was set in the
very shadow of that murderous old oak. Pug and
Miss Diego, sitting very close on one side of the
table, contrived to touch each other’s hands while
they groped for the sugar tongs and assorted cups
and saucers. Cavanaugh, balanced on the edge of
a chair, found himself conversing with President
Diego. Fine-looking old chap, now that you saw
him close—a little dark, but not one of those choco-
late fellows, after all. He had a careful English
accent of which he seemed inordinately proud, caress-
ing each word as if he had just taken it out of
tissue-paper wrapping. He wore a frock coat made
of linen, and a red necktie.

  Cavanaugh, brushing the dust off his knees and
pulling his own necktie toward the front of his
disreputable collar, tried to grasp the terrible sig-
nificance of the moment. He, Cavanaugh, was hav-
ing tea with the man he had promised to shoot
through the heart. Nice old boy too. Courteous.
Liked Philadelphia. Not one of these contemptuous
fancy soldiers. Regular old grandpop. Suddenly
Cavanaugh became conscious of a burning in his
breast. He put his fingers inside his coat and
touched the thick roll of bank notes. He felt drops
of perspiration on his .forehead, an intolerable dry-.

                                                         ness in his mouth.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                •. •

                                                     “And where,” Diego asked, “do you live—in Ma-
                                                   gella, I mean?”

                                                     Cavanaugh glanced desperately at Pug. “On the
                                                   Esplanade,” he finally answered, having in mind his
                                                   bed in the burning, crab-ridden sands.

                                                   Diego was impressed. He looked at Cavanaugh
                            with admiration; a sort of deference crept into his
                            voice. He began to talk of his political difficul-
                            ties, his ambition for Magella. His resonant voice
                            struck against Cavanaugh’s heart like hammer blows
                            against false	(Continued on page 50)

AT noon he came. He was a big, reckless, gay

•	American with an infectious grin and serious
eyes. He never stood still or waited for things to
happen. Wherever he was, things happened, any-
way. He liked the world and the people in it; no
one trifled with his faith without repenting. His
father owned the Santa Christina mines behind Ma-
gella, but Pug Fairchild’s vision was not clogged
with gold.

  He ran up the steps of the Consulate, saw that
the Consul was still asleep in the patio, possessed
himself of the tin bathtub in the kitchen, and was
presently heard to splash and sing, while the Con-
sul’s Indian boy, beside himself with mirth, fried a
dozen eggs for lunch.

  “Oh, you Americano,” the Consul said, waking to
this serenade of soap, song, and frying pans. “Come
here, I have news for thee.”

  Presently Pug appeared in the sunny courtyard,
shining, clad in a suit of immaculate duck. He tipped
the drowsy Consul out of the hammock. “You have
eaten of the lotus,” he said gravely.

  The Consul sat up and rubbed his eyes. “You are
the antidote,” he laughed.

  At lunch he told his guest of Luisa, her tearful
story, and the brave intentions of one Cavanaugh in
whose breast a hate was burning.

  “Some day,” he said, “you may grow to understand
this country. The ways of it are passing strange.
You have already seen a revolution. You have al-
ready acquired a nickname, which is only another
synonym for immortality. There are others—Teddy,
Old To-morrow, K. of K., Papa Joffre. Charlie—
and Signor Pug! But you have still to know the
soul of Magella. It is inconstant, adorable, and dam-
nable. To-day you are a popular caballero. The sun

                shines. Listen! You can hear the
  X	sea breaking on the Esplanade, the

\	birds singing, the laughter of

\	women and children. Carrambos!

            V

           ** By heck! You have had a bath
     ~ and all is well with the world.
     x£j> And somewhere in this town there
     is a bloated toad of a Yankee with
     A a soul so black that he would kill
     fc lift	your prospective papa-

                      in-law and throw you
     BAS	into jail. Then all I

CAVANAUGH, in the meantime, had sobered him-
self a bit by holding his bald head under one of
the jets of crystal water that leaps from the basin
of the Fountain of Abundance in the Piazza. He
climbed the stuccoed wall of the palace and, wrig-
gling into the compact green of the oak, lay full
length upon one of its twisted limbs, like a bloated
cobra. Against his heart nine thousand eight hun-
dred dollars and forty-three cents nestled warmly.
Whenever his courage flagged he put his fingers on
the inspiring wad and felt his heart swell to burst-
ing. What was a president, or even two? The coun-
try had cheated him. Him—Cavanaugh—a proud
Philadelphian. Swallowed. Like a snake swallow-
ing a rabbit. For a moment the ex-fur merchant
•	had tears of self-pity in his eyes.

                 Just then Signor Pug—catfoot-
   al°n£ ^e top of the wall—
   % -■ Tak caught sight of the obese assassin
   / , ¥	anc* dropped on him without cere-

s	mony. They landed in the soft,

 % jjjr'	deep grass of the President’s gar-

                             den and rolled over and
/ ^	over locked in each

                          other’s arms. . Cava-

Now, a fallen angel, he traveled this path again
The National Weekly

d Clwelvc

Four-Passenger Phaeton
Seven-Passenger Convertible Sedan

Seven-Passenger Touring Car
Four-Passenger Roadster
9

                                                                                                                                                                f

24

Collier’s

June 14. 1919

Great Britain Faces the Future

under the Ministry of Reconstruction and in the Cabi-
net notebook gradually fades away, and there is left
for all the world to see the fact that the British
program can all be written down under two columns.

  These two are Material Resources and Human
Resources. One concerns itself with things, the
other with men. One plans for conservation,
finance, law, trade, transport, and scientific re-
search ; the other for better babies, better houses,
better health, better jobs, better heads. And in
the labor which has been given by the British to
this second group there is promise of a better na-
tion, an assurance of progress without explosions.

   “The spirit of the world to-day causes our peo-
ple to take much more interest in the second
group, as you have defined it,” I was told by the
head of one of the divisions of the ministry. “Even
our manufacturers and bankers and officials are
more interested in our human reconstruction than
in any other phase. But this does not mean that
our economic reconstruction has been neglected.”

  No, it has not. A nation which has dropped
some hundred and twenty-odd billions into the
mouth of war, which turned its industries inside
out to make things to throw at another people,
has a good deal to do in order to harbor and de-
velop new resources. A country which buried a
large part of its coming generation of young men,
who were to take on its economic leadership to-
morrow, has much to do to fill in the gaps of men
by wise prevision as to material resources. A
Government which is not at all sure that war is
over—and which feels, as the people of Europe
are feeling every day more and more, that new
dangers are hanging over them in spite of the
complacent assurance in America that permanent
peace has come—has to conserve and stop all
waste. Only the other day Lord Lansdowne was
saying that instead of a possibility it was almost
a probability that before the Peace Conference had
opportunity to use its return-trip tickets the fire
would break out again, that Great Britain might
be forced to gather up her strength once more for
policing or fighting. The end is not yet; and it
still costs the Government about $20,000,000 a
day to foot its bills. So the British have begun
a conservation campaign. They have three main
purposes: saving their coal supply, reforesting
the country, and reorganizing agriculture so that
the islands may be as nearly as possible able to
feed themselves in case of need.

    The Need of Coal and Timber

HAVE the investigations brought out interest-
ing facts? They have brought out startling
facts. For instance, in the United Kingdom they
consume 8,000,000 tons of coal for motive power
alone. But this consumption of coal in transport
and industry is under an industrial system which
still leans upon man power. The use of motive
power per laborer is found to be much less than
in Germany and about one-half that applied, per
laborer, in the United States. A coal-conservation
committee has put under the nose of British in-
dustry once again the always forgotten fact that
the United Kingdom is not yet a modern machine-
producing country. As a manufacturer said to
me: “In America, when you want to cut up a
beef, a machine carries the carcass to first one
butcher and then another, most of them using ma-
chinery. The completed work is the work of how
many men? Well, here a beef is cut up by one
man—a man who needs to be a very skilled man.

If he walks out, that particular beef cannot be cut
up. But your men are unskilled; you can pick
them up anywhere.” With the increased use of
machinery will come the increased use of coal.

  Therefore the British are boring to find new
coal fields, they are conducting experiments in
economies in mining, and they are planning a
national distribution by electrical power of the
energy derived from their coal. It is proposed to
erect superplants for the generation of electric
energy; to distribute this energy for manufactur-
ing purposes in sixteen districts; to locate the
generating stations near the coal mines, so that
coal now wasted may be used and so that the trans-
portation charges on moving coal may be saved; to
unify the six hundred independent authorities now
making and distributing electric energy, so that a
national system of economy can be established.

  Suddenly too the British have awakened to the

Continued from page 6

need of a timber supply. They have uncovered the
fact that the yield in the United Kingdom is about
one-thiBd of what it should be if the proper care
were to be given the growth upon the present forest

PUT HIM ON

BY WILLIAM HERSCHELL

IF a fellow clad in khaki,

Olive drab, or sailor blue
Walks in and, asks to see The Boss—

       And The Boss, of course, is you;
If a fellow clad in khaki,

       Olive drab, or sailor blue
Walks in and asks you for a job—

      What are you going to do?

         —Put him on?

He's the felloiv, please remember,

      When the Huns knocked at our door,
To whom you prayed with fervor:

      “Keep the Germans from our shore!”
Hefs the fellow—oh, remember!—

      Who, knee-deep in mud and gore,
Gave your prayer a happy answer,

       Made your hearthstone safe once more;

         —Put him on!

When he marched away you cheered him;

      Have you cheered him coming back?
Have you given him a welcome

      Since he laid down gun and pack?
Have you thrown his deeds in discard?—
Put his record on the rack?

Is it you who'll be a slacker

      To the boy who didn't slack?

         —Put him on!

If a fellow clad in khaki,

       Olive drab, or sailor blue
Walks in and asks you for a job—

      What are you going to do?

Yes, of course, it seems a problem,

       May mean sacrifice for you;

But—remember Chdteau-Thierry!—

       He's been sacrificing, too!

         —Put him on!

land. But proper care of the present acreage is
not enough. The British have just opened their
eyes to the fact that wood is still an element in
civilization. The lesson of denuded China and Korea
has caused a shudder. The consumption of wood in
the United Kingdom is more than ten times the wood

 now produced. Two million acres are available for
 timber planting. It is proposed that bounties shall
 be offered for timber growing, so that the experi-
 ence of a shortage of wood for war purposes (now
 the truth is out—a pinch that the British felt
 during the war) shall not come in any future
 emergency. How much would it cost? The in-
 vestigating committee estimates a cost of less than
 two days’ expenses of the war.

Reorganizing Agriculture

   JUST as the primary consideration of national
   safety dominated the thought of those who re-
   ported on forestry, so also did it dominate the
   thought of the committee dealing with agriculture.
   The British now are willing to admit officially that
   at times the war appeared to turn on the “win-
   ning of a race between the plow and the sub-
   marine.” Say the Lords Commissioners of the
   Admiralty in a letter now permitted to be pub-
   lished: “The certain development of the sub-
   marine may render such vessels still more for-
   midable as weapons against sea-borne commerce.
   Any measures which rendered the United King-
   dom less dependent upon the importation of food-
   stuffs would add immensely to national security.”
   Forty-six million acres are under cultivation in
   the United Kingdom, but these do not furnish
   more than a fraction of the food supply of the
   forty-six million souls. In fact, the rate of pro-
   duction of food supply just before the war would
   only furnish enough food in every week to last
   from Monday morning to Wednesday evening.
   It is said that the supply of wheat always used
   to be only about six weeks ahead of the empty
   national bin.

     The war and the reconstruction committees
   have awakened the British to the fact that of the
   cultivated lands in the United Kingdom about
   three-fourths were growing grasses when the war
   came. In Germany about three-fourths of all cul-
   tivated land was growing cereals, vegetables, and
   fruits! The reason for this lies in the fact that
   a large proportion of British farmers find less
   risk, less labor cost, and a firmer policy in oper-
   ating tillage land and turning grasses into meat.
   If the British are determined to change a condi-
   tion under which the average cultivated 100 acres
   fed thirty-eight mouths, while in Germany the
   average 100 acres fed about seventy-five mouths,
   it is becoming plainer to Government and tax-
   payer and food consumer and those interested in
   guaranteeing national safety in war that the
   farmer who turns grass land into arable land
   must have the risks of loss—risks coming from
   fluctuating and loiv prices combined with higher
   wages for labor—offset by some form of perma-
   nent price guaranty by the government. The
   Corn Production Act did this as a war measure;
   the agricultural committees of British recon-
   struction are urging that the procedure be made
   a permanent policy.

For Science and Research

  GOING on from reconstruction policy as ap-
  plied to the natural resources of coal, wood,
  and soil, the British for more than two years have
  been working out the foundation for better indus-
  trial production, better carrying facilities and
  communication facilities, better arrangements of
  finance, and better methods of oversea trade.

     I spent some time trying to find all the com-
   mittees working on these subjects, and I do not
   believe that anyone to-day—even Lloyd George—
   has at hand a complete list. There are special
   committees for specific trades, such as the chemi-
   cal industry, shipbuilding, and textiles; commit-
   tees on the supply and allocation of raw materials;
   committees on financial facilities and on enemy
   debts; legal committees working out new laws,
   such as that which permits the taking of private
   lands for public and reconstruction purposes, and
   those to regulate combinations and trusts. There
   are committees on colonial affairs, and there is a
   whole new structure of scientific and industrial
   research. The Ministry of Reconstruction has
   many of these in its basket, but others develop*in
   other departments of the Government, such as the
   War Office and the Board of Trade.

  These committees are made up of several hun-
dred experts, of capitalists, of laboring men, of
persons who have become (Continued on j>age 34)

v
The National Weekly

25

A Flood-Light

Widespread, far-reaching, all-revealing. One’s entire field of vision
is illumined by diffused light, just as it is by day.

Legal Everywhere

Yet a light that's unrestricted, that is not held down, not dimmed.
A ten-fold better light than the glare-light which a thousand laws forbid.

They Will Loan You

A Pair of Warner-Lenz for a Week

 Present the coupon below to any
Warner-Lenz dealer. He will put a
pair of Warner-Lenz in your car for
a one-week test. Pay no money—just
try them for a week. Then return
them or buy them, as you choose.

  Just find out, on your own car, that this
lawful light is vastly better than forbidden
light. Far and wide, high and low, it floods
your whole field of vision. Yet there is no
blinding glare. Your dealer will accept your
verdict when you prove that out.

The Situation Is This:

  The laws of 23 states and of countless com-
munities now forbid the glare-light. The
Golden Rule—a world-wide law—forbids them
everywhere. Anything so dangerous and of-
fensive has to go.

  Dimmers are a makeshift and a nuisance.
They quell the light too much for country
roads.

  The shaft-light, in addition, over-lights a
narrow strip of road. It fails to' light the
nearby roadsides or your curves and turns.
It pierces straight ahead. Searchlights are
illogical on land.

Now On a Million Cars

  Some sixty methods have been offered
for creating legal light. But the Warner-

Lenz, from the start to now, has dominated
in this no-glare field. Over a million motor-
ists have adopted it. A long list of leading
makers now equip every car with the Warner.
It practically stands alone. But there are
millions of others who need this ideal lawful
lens, and we want them to learn what it
means to them.

Reasons for Supremacy

  The Warner-Lenz gives better light than
any clear-glass lens. It scientifically combines
176 lenses in one and diffuses the light over
a fan-shaped area.

  It supplants a glare-light with a flood-light
—a diffused light, such as daylight is.

  It lights the road and roadsides, the curbs
and ditches, the curves and turns.

  It makes one’s full light legal under every
law without the use of dimmers.

     Standard Equipment On        
Packard  Marmon       McFarlan    
 Stutz   Lenox        Daniels 8   
Peerless Dorris       Cunningham  
  Moon   White        Anderson    
 Murray  Westcott     Standard 8  
Crawford Case         Nash        
  Fiat   Davis        Doble Steam 
   Ohio Electric Rock Falls       
         Motor Trucks             
  Lombard Tractor     Vim         
  As there are no direct beams, no glare rays,
this light is not restricted to 42 inches high.
So it lights the road signs, high and low, the
upgrades and the downgrades.

  Warner-Lenz light is not affected by rise
and fall of the car, nor by turning of the lens
in the lamp-rim. That is vitally important.

Enjoy Them for a Week

  Now we ask you to try out this ideal lawful
light. Compare it with yoiir glare-lights or
with other legal lenses. There will be no cost,
no obligation. If the Warner-Lenz does not
delight you, take them back.

  Do this now. It is time to quit glare-lights
if only for courtesy’s sake. It is time to know
the ideal light which a million have adopted.
It is time to end the tenseness of night driving.
It is time to have your car equipped like the
cars we mention here.

  Sign this coupon and present it to any
Warner-Lenz dealer. These lenses are now
handled by thousands of dealers in motor car
accessories and in hardware stores. If your
dealer can’t supply you, send to us.

  Let the dealer insert, for a one-week test,
a pair of Warner-Lenz. Learn what they
mean to you. At the end of a week, either
pay the dealer for the Warner-Lenz, or ask
him to put your former lenses back.

  As a reminder, cut out this coupon now.

$3.50 to $5.00 Per Set, According to Size

West of Rockies, 25c Per Pair Extra	Canadian Prices, $4.50 to $6.50

WARNER-PATTERSON CO., 907 So. Michigan Avenue, Chicago

To Any Dealer

  As per our arrangement, please insert a pair of
Warner-Lenz for the motorist who signs below. Let him
use them for a week. At the end of a week he agrees
to return them or pay you for the lenses. If he fails to
do so, send us this coupon and we will pay you what
the lenses cost.

Warner-Patterson Co., 907 So. Michigan Ave.t Chicago

386

 I

 I
 I
 I
 I
 [

 I

I _

 I

| Owner of Car.

 \

 \

 I

 I
 \

 I

Address

Business

Car*s License No---------Size of Lens

111 llllllllllll 111 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 lllllllllll III 11 11 1 1 II 1 1 II Hill III 1111IIIIII 1 1 1 1 II 1 II II Hill III 1 III 1IIlllllllllllllllllllll 
j: Ui-it'fnrrmvT

SOUND

HOMN

SHARP

CURVE
26

Collier’s

June 14. IS 19

  “Then you can see. You’re joshing me,” whined
the gob.

  For reply, the bowler (who later on beat me a
game, rolling purely by sense of position and direc-
tion—though, to be sure, I am a poor hand at it)
took the jacky’s fingers and ran them beneath his
own eyebrows, where a shell fragment had passed
like a dredge. “If you can find an eye in my head,
I’ll give it to you,” he offered generously.

  Zim now judged that the psychological moment
had arrived. “You come along with me and see the
world,” he invited, and the new man with a new
light on his face went out arm in arm with the big
fellow. When I met them afterward together, even
my untrained eye was able to discern the contrast
between the two types, what .the experts at Ever-
green call the “blind blind” and the “sighted blind”;
the jacky slow, uncertain, shuffling, expressing in
his slumped shoulders, overhung chin, and unrespon-
siveness the malaise of the spirit within; Zim up-
right, brisk, turning to look you square in the eye
(such is the effect it gives) when Speaking or spoken
to, alert, interested, a man among men, who in half
an hour’s association makes you actually forget his
disability.

  As he and his companion went out, they passed,
coming in with quick, expert cane-tappings, an engi-
neer with the top half of his face plowed and seamed
into twisted furrows. What remained of the group
greeted him with the news about Sid.

  “Sid’s a blink. Official.”

  “I’m in luck too,” the newcomer announced jubi-
lantly. “They’re going to give me the knife to-
morrow.”

  “Sculp lady made you a new face?” This appar-
ently irreverent reference was to Miss Cook, the
sculptress who makes an individual study of each
face to be restored, constructs a model, and turns
it over to the surgeons of a hospital separate from
Evergreen to build from, in flesh and tissue. The
results are remarkably
faithful to the original
form of the face.

  “Surest thing you know!

Good as new or better.”

  “You’ll be a picture,

Mike.”

  “A sight for sore eyes.”

  “Oh, you lucky stiff!”
sighed the artilleryman en-
viously, fingering the ter-
rible scars where his eyes
once were.

  “Never mind, old sport!”
the other comforted him
“You’ll get your turn pretty
quick now.”

  “Mike,” said one of the
youngsters seriously, “they
tell me you got a Jew beak.

Get ’em to take the hook off
your nose while they’re
at it.”

“Jew yourself!” retorted
Mike, and truthfully. “What
about your own smeller?”

  “Who’s got a better right

it

Blinks”

Continued from page 13

A

often heard made by smokers, that the pleasure of
smoking is closely connected with seeing, and
that a blindfolded man cannot tell whether his
tobacco is alight or not. I mentioned this theory
to Campbell, and expressed curiosity as to the blind
smoker’s view of it.

  “Ask him,” said Campbell.

  “Won’t he mind?”

  “Why should he?”

“I’ll have to suggest, or at least imply, his blind-

                                        v'SV- IT.t*.

ness.

           >>

  “Don’t suggest it. Speak it out.”

  So I did. Mike laughed. “I’ve heard that bunk
before,” he said. “Nothing to it. I get more taste
out of tobacco than I ever did before.”

it

The Darn Thing Was Loaded

THUS another superstition succumbs to expert tes-
timony. Incidentally I had stumbled upon a point
in the psychology of the newly blinded. They do
not shrink from direct reference to their condition.
What they feel and even resent is the clumsy and
painful avoidance of the word “blind,” which com-
pels them to self-consciousness. One of the prized
legends of Evergreen is Cal’s response to a well-
meaning but tactless woman visitor who, wishing to
express interest in his misfortune, but fearing the
matter-of-fact and obvious word, stumbled verbally
about for a while and finally put it this way:

  “Did the Germans—er—injure your—er—vision?”
“Oh, 7io, ma’am,” said Cal with empressement. “I
just happened to lean up against a barrage, and the
darn thing was loaded.”

  Strange to say, while the sightless do not, once
they have adjusted themselves, brood over their
blindness, they are extremely, though often secretly,

/

• *•,

   % /	s**

   • ■

■-m •

   -}

■ ■. 8

. •>*

           / • *.	? * • -v , <

-	v	•

+ . • : * y41j

*

-Jt

%

tr

<

*

t

7/

iu

 ■Ji-

M

                                             ■

                 Vi..*-

"sSMiiiui'riif.! amm.

                                 I have got lots
                                 of things to be
                                 thankful for"

V *

   • •• /

— i—_____ .

Evergreen, Guilford, Md., the secluded and beautiful hundred-acre
country place contributed by Mrs. T. //. Garrett for the blind soldiers

“About the bowl-
ing, that was a
lie, wasn't it ?"

                            to a Jew nose than
a guy named Izzy?”
returned the pro-
prietor of that name.
“But with Mike that
kind don’t go at all.”
“Watch me when I
come out,” said the
other exuberantly.
“I’ll go into the
movies and push
Mary Pickford right
out of the spotlight.”
He produced a
cigarette, which he
proceeded ex-
pertly to light
by sense of
touch. The ac-
tion recalled
a statement
which I had

sensitive to its physical aspect, which they tend to
magnify. They are prone to imagine that their
wounds have made them monstrous, horrifying to
the eye. One of the most piteous sights I have seen
in any hospital is that of a blinded man, when he
thinks he is unobserved, nervously fingering his
scars, building up for himself Heaven knows what
false picture of grotesque and hideous defacement.
It is for this reason that they so eagerly go under
the surgeon’s knife, even though the disfigurement
is slight. Happily, the operation always satisfies
them. After it is over and they have been supplied
with tinted glasses, concerning the exact hue of
which they are most particular that it may accord
with hair and complexion—a touching and harmless
bit of vanity—they are quite content. They would
be equally so if they could see themselves, as re-
constructed, in a mirror, for under the skillful model-
ing of the sculptress and the surgery of the experts,
even the worst of the cases (and very few are badly
marred) come out looking normal and unremarkable.

“I wish you people would only try to receive this

                          news and feel as I do
about it,” wrote Cal,
announcing his blind-
ness to his family,
through a letter to his
brother. “Break it as
easily as you can to
papa, and don’t let him
look at it in a gloomy
way because I have got
lots of things to be
thankful for: two arms,
two legs, and a ... of
a powerful stomach.
Don’t let any of the home folks worry
about me. Uncle Sam is going to train me
so that I shall be about as useful as I was
before I went over. I am well and happy.

The best of care is being taken of us. Love
to all the folks.”

  Cal represents one type of the blinded soldier.
He is what the French call “un exalte.” Naturally
of an idealistic temperament, he has given to his
country everything but life—more than life itself,
it must have seemed to him at first—and the passion
of the devotee is upon him and is carrying him, un-
faltering and triumphant, to his future of useful-
ness in the world. Courage, patience, determination,
cheerfulness, all have been fused and made dynamic
in the fire of that devotion. With it all there is no
taint of pose or priggishness. Cal has too much
humanness and humor for that: witness the occa-
sion on which he “leaned up against a barrage” for
the edification of the maladroit sympathizer. Since
his arrival at Evergreen he has married a keen-
witted and charming girl (“Do you think I’d pick
anything that wasn’t a good-looker?” says Cal), and
they are to take charge of one of the chain of “Vic-
tory Stores” which has (Continued on page 42)
The National Weekly

27

Take Music Wherever You Go

All the joys of vacation days are redoubled when Music is one
of your merry party.

  Light and compact in its traveling kit, with plenty of space
for records, the Columbia Vacation Grafonola can be tucked
away safely in any corner of your automobile, motor' boat, or
canoe. It is out of the way, except when you want it, and
then any time, anywhere, you have all the latest successes of
song'land, the best of the newest music for dancing.

  Ask any Columbia dealer to show you the Vacation Model
in its handy traveling kit. Hear the rich tone of this remarkable
little instrument. See how easy it is to select from Columbia
Records just the music you want for happy vacation days.

To make a good record great, play it on the Columbia Grafonola
COLUMBIA GRAPHOPHONE COMPANY, New York

London Factory : 102 Clerkenwell Road, E. C.

                     Canadian Factory: 54 Wellington Street West, Toronto

Columbia Grafonolas
Standard Models
up to $300
Period Designs 1
up to $2100 [
28

Collier’s

June 14, 1919
and cigarettes helped to win it

—	9	L* n	m m

The National Weekly

I

T3

 CD

£

a

 CD

a

 <D

U

 aJ

.SP

o

 CD

 c3

a

 aJ

 c3

.G

 i2
 G

 CD

s

O

6

 <D

 CO

G

 CD

6

*c

 bS)

 a)

 co

o

s:

  T3

   <D
   CO

   co

^aj

r 3

aJ

G

 a-.

 CD

^3

 <D

 Ih

 CD

 <D
 U
 O

o

CD

6 c

Vh

CD

c

u

<D

S

co

S £

co

co

Vh

(D

bJ) .

3 O

0

a)

o

•s

XJ

u

o

*

 (D

5

 tx

£

 tuo

G

CD

5

.3

CO

3

O

Xi

o

4-»

c3

xj

 bjD

<2

*£

•	H

a

 CO

 CO

•	rH

XI

G

 CD

XJ

£

 CO

 4-*

G

        os   
fV.     x:   
■4-*    £    
CO           
o       of   
a       G    
        o    
        "O   
<D      •O   
§       o    
^ w     60   
£       • iH 
CD      XI   
   ©    
   •G   
biD          
G       •H   
•H           
XS           
-4-> CD p    
£>   £  £    
X5   CD      
4J           
*    c3 O    
CO      c    
     bn TJ   
si   *3 
     C  <J   
a

So

So

k

 Qj

.^0

c

h^o

O

"NO

 Co

£

 QJ

<0

J

 s<»

"5-

3^5'

23
30

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

Guaranteed

   So confident are we that you will like the big, safe light
   of the Dillon Multi-Vision Lens that with every pair
   sold we give a money-back guarantee.

  That puts the proposition on a trial basis. The sale
  is not complete until you are satisfied.

   But we have no fear as to the result of the trial.

           In hundreds of cities and towns throughout
           the country the Dillon Lens is nightly demon-
           strating its superiority over all other lenses and
           headlight devices.

           We believe that you will add your approval,
           not merely because the Dillon Lens is legal in
           all states, but more particularly because it gives
           a bigger, better and safer driving light.

After his initial
ride behind the
Dillon Lens,

Mr. W. H .

Evans of Ohio,
wrote:

<cIt was the first
time I ever felt at
ease when driving
at night.”

$350

per pair

Any Size

Any wfie re in U.S.A.

Atlanta, Ga.
Baltimore, Mr!.
Birmingham, Ala.
Boston, Mass.
Brooklyn, N.Y.
Buffalo, N.Y.

Chicago, 111.
Cincinnati, Ohio
Cleveland, Ohio
Columbus, Ohio
Dallas, Texas
Davenport, Iowa

More Road Illumination
than from Clear Glass Lenses

 The Dillon Lens gives more road illumination
 than you can get through clear glass lenses. It
 gives more light with bulbs of lower candle power
 than any other headlight device in the world.

There, is no cutting down or dimming of the

light. Moreover, Dillon light is always on the

road whether you happen to be going up hill,

down hill or on the level. It lights the whole

roadway, close to the car, at both sides and

far ahead.	-

Glareless and Safe

  The Dillon Light is big, but glareless and safe.
  Driving behind it you see objects and obstacles
  far and near in almost daylight clearness, and you
  experienceasense ofease and confidence that adds
  immeasurably to the pleasure of night driving.

       Get a pair from your dealer today. Try them on any dark night,
       and if not fully satisfied, return them and your money will be re-
       funded. If your dealer can’t supply you order direct, same price
       $3-5° Per Pa’r> any s*ze> postpaid. Booklet upon request.

DILLON LENS & MFG. CO.. Dept. C, WHEELING, W. VA.
DEALERS AND JOBBERS CAN BE SUPPLIED PROMPTLY BY

PITTSBURGH PLATE GLASS CO.

                                                                         Pittsburgh, Pa.
                                                                         Rochester, N.Y.
                                                                         Savannah, Ga.

                                                                      San Antonio, Tex.
                                                                      St. Louis, Mo.

                                                                           St. Paul, Minn.

Denver, Colo.

I)es Moines, Iowa
Detroit, Mich.

Grand Rapids, Mich.
Great Falls, Mont.
Highpoint, N. C.

Toledo, Ohio

Houston, Tex.
Jacksonville, Fla.
Kansas City, Mo.
Memphis, Tenn.
Milwaukee, Wis.
Minneapolis, Minn.

Pacific Coast States

Newark, N. J.

New Orleans, La.

New York, N.Y.
Oklahoma City, Okla.
Omaha, Nebr.
Philadelphia, Pa.

 Western Canada

PATTON PAINT COMPANY

San Francisco, Cal. Los Angeles, Cal.
Seattle, Wash. TIMMS, CRESS & CO., Portland, Ore.

INDEPENDENT ELECTRIC CO., Regina. Sask.

Export Managers
J. J. NORDMAN & CO., Pittsburgh, Pa.

 done in cooperation with the Naval In-
 telligence Department.

   When the need of speed in aircraft
 production was realized, one of the diffi-
 culties was to find walnut of the sort
 that is essential in making; airplane
 propellers.

  The Boy Scouts made a survey;
they located 20,750,000 feet of stand-
ing walnut—the equivalent of 5,200
carloads, and more than enough for all
needs. Moreover, they pledged every
man who cut down a walnut tree to
plant five seedlings in its place, or
arranged to do that work themselves.

Learn by Doing

 LATER, when commercial methods of
 i gathering the fruit pits required in
 the making of gas masks broke down,
 Scouts gathered more than a hundred
 carloads of stones
 —enough for half
 a million masks.

   They were used
 all over the coun-
 try to gather
 books for camp
 libraries here and
 abroad; you may
 remember, if you
 sent a post card
 to your library
 to offer some of
 your spare books,
 seeing a Scout at
 your door the
 next day to col-
 lect them. They
 planted and cared
 for more than
 12,000 war gar-
 dens.

   The Committee
 on Public Infor-
 mation heard
 what the Scouts
 were doing, and
 drafted them
 forthwith. Scouts
 were responsible
 for distributing
 more than thirty
 million pieces
 of Government
 literature and
 propaganda
 —documents that
 explained why we
 were at war, that
 maintained mo-
 rale, that offset
 the skillful and
 threatening prop-
 aganda of Ger-
 m a n y and of
 pacifists and
 agitators who
 weren’t even Ger-
 man.

  The Food and
Fuel Administra-
tions both made
extensive use of

 Boy Scouts in spreading their conserva-
 tion appeals.

   Scouts served as orderlies, as bicycle
 and motorcycle messengers and dis-
 patch bearers. They worked in the
 making of surgical dressings, under the
 Red Cross.

When a survey of any particular lo-
cality was required, with information
as to available telephones, lodgings, and
so forth, Scouts were nearly always
called upon to make it.

  Boy Scouts did another unspectacular
but infinitely valuable bit of war serv-
ice. • They turned themselves into office
boys to meet the shortage that devel-
oped, during the war, in that sort of
help.

  In the great shipyard at Hog Island,
for example, the most serious difficul-
ties were encountered in finding boys
to come out from Philadelphia to
run errands and maintain relations
between widely scattered offices. Boy
Scouts volunteered and provided a com-
plete staff. They did their work in uni-
form, without pay, and they had much
to do with- creating the morale that
existed at Hog Island.

'■

They located 20,750,000 feet of
standing walnut—5,200 carloads
—more than enough for all needs

   In Washington the Scouts made it
 possible for some of the most important
 of the new departments created for war
 service to keep going.

   There are the concrete reasons for
 gratitude to the Boy Scouts as an or-
 ganization. Mr. McAdoo’s original im-
 pulse, to arrange a sort of testimonial
 in recognition of public service well and
 faithfully rendered, finds justification
 in the record. But his idea has grown
 beyond the recognition of its sponsor,
 almost.

   “The best results of what the Scouts
 did during the war aren’t evident yet,”
 says James E. West. “Those boys are
 going to be better citizens because of
 what they did. Citizenship is going to
 have a real and vital meaning to them.

   “In a time of grave emergency they
 learned how to function as valuable,
 working members of their Government.
 In them all the patriotic fervor, all the
 impulse to service that the war gave
 us all, was directed and disciplined.
 Their mifrds were turned into the

                  right channel.
                  Thanks to the or-
                  ganization, they
                  had the oppor-
                  tunity to do what
                  all American boys
                  wanted to do—to
                  take an active
                  part in the war.

                  “And now we
                want to reach
                more and more
                boys. The Boy
                Scouts aim to
                supplement
                church and home
                and school in
                building charac-
                ter. There isn’t
                enough character
                building in Amer-
                ican education.
                We are shame-
                fully backward in
                * education itself,
                too. A very small
                proportion of
                boys gets to high
                school — a much
                smaller one
                reaches college.
                The others go to
                work because they
                must e#rn money.
                They don’t select
                their work; they
                drift into it. And
                so a great class
                of aimless, unam-
                bitious, floating
                workers is re-
                cruited constant-
                ly from our boys.

                        “The Boy Scouts
attack that prob-
lem. We encour-
age boys to find
the thing they
can do, and like to do. We award
merit badges for proficiency in almost
every thinkable occupation. Scouts
learn by doing—they grope about un-
til they discover the thing for which
they are best suited. We supply the
incentive that is lacking in the schools
to a boy's determination of a career,
a life work.”

Bring Them All In!

AND so this National Boy Scout
. Week, originating as a tribute, has
acquired a greater significance. Its
purpose now is to enlist you, person-
ally, as a booster for the Boy Scouts—
to induce you to do all you can to bring
into the movement some of the millions
of boys who would derive help and
benefit from membership. It is designed
to make the movement better known—
known as a great and vital force in the
molding of good citizens. And such em-
phasis as will be laid on the work the
Scouts did during the war will be by
way of proving the value of the move-
ment to the country—a value which can
be at least as great in time of peace as
in a period of national emergency.

Be a Boy Scout!

Continued from page 18
The National Weekly

31

For sound, practical
reasons and the best
use of your money,
why not make an at-
tempt to verify the
facts before deciding
whether you will
spend two or three
thousand dollars for
an ordinary automo-
bile, or invest in a
Twin Six Packard
with all that a Packard
can give you.

sf^the Man Who Owns One

Transportation facts

are established

  He may get lightness at the expense
of safety or dragging weight at a heavy
up-keep charge.

  If he gets power when he wants it lie
may have to pay for it when he doesn’t
use it.

  While passenger cars were bought as
luxuries alone, it was difficult to get con-
sideration for the facts.

  Just as today the average automobile
for family use is a compromise, an ama-
teur job from the standpoint of scientific
transportation; its advantage in one di-
rection offset by loss in another.

  When corporations buy Packard cars
for the transport of their executives,
there is something for the average car
buyer to think about.

  That is the result of expert analysis of
all the factors. It is a matter of business.

  When will the purchase of the family
car be regarded as a business transaction?

  The Packard people are transportation
experts; they can tell you more on this
subject than any other organization in
the world. You can ask them to discuss
your car problem without obligation.
It is to your interest and profit to do so.

LEADING transportation
expert has said that most
automobiles are built on
theory and bought on per-
sonal opinion.

  Transportation is now a science. It is
a science that applies to your own car
whether it carries you across the Conti-
nent or merely from your home to your
office or serves your family or friends
in their daily activities.

  It would astonish the average car
owner to see a scientific test of his car
in its relation to the whole question of
transportation.

  We say the whole question because
advantages are claimed and economies
cited for certain parts of a car or special
phases of the question.

  It is only by treating the problem as a
whole that we get the facts.

  For example, a man may have his eye
filled by economy of gasoline and tires,
and he may throw away more on engine
tinkering than he saves on both these
items.

  He may get speed at the cost of vibra-
tion that racks and wrecks his car.

PACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY ' ^Detroit
32

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

If a roofing stands the fierce heal
of the blow lorch without damage,
it is, for every practlal purpose,
fireproof.

Asbestone is the only low-priced
roofing tha1 meets this test.

Why we emphasize
popular price in this roofing label

BECAUSE heretofore quality alone has been the standard by which
Johns-Manville Roofings could be judged in relation to ordinary
roofings.

Price or first cost has been the one factor on which cheaper roofings
could rely and undoubtedly thousands of buyers have denied themselves
the splendid durability of a Johns-Manville Asbestos Roofing because of
its apparent expensiveness.

For years Johns-Manville has been working to produce an Asbestos roll
roofing that would provide the weatherproof, fire retardent qualities
that Asbestos alone can give, at a price that would meet the widest
popular demand. The result is

Approved by Underwriters' Laboratories

A Johns-Manville roofing of Asbestos rock fibre, waterproofed with
natural asphalts. Being all mineral, it cannot rot or disintegrate and
therefore does not need painting or costly refinishing.

Stone Roofs Don’t Burn

No other ready roofing can give you
the fire-protection of Johns-Manville
Asbestos. Asbestone is the only low-
priced roofing that will stand the famous
“blow-torch test.” This fact alone has
placed Asbestos Roofing on thousands
of even temporary structures where fire
meant big risk to production programs.

Furthermore, it does not dry out because
the natural asphalts, bound between the
asbestos felts (insuring a permanently
waterproof and flexible roofing) are
sealed and shielded from the sun’s heat
by the very insulating properties of the
asbestos felts themselves. In Asbestone
roofing, the felts protect the water-
proofing.

               H. W. JOHNS-MANVILLE CO.

New York City

                         10 Factories—Branches in 63 Large Cities

That is why Asbestone never needs
coating or costly refinishing. Add to
this, its qualities of weatherproof, per-
manent durability—and it is easy to see
why Asbestone is fast becoming the
most popular roofing in America.

Register Your Roof With Us

As with all other Johns-Manville roof-
ings, our responsibility does not end
with the sale. The registration blank
in every roll invites you to reccrd your
roof with us and means that the Johns-
Manville registration assures you of the
service promised.

     Write for our Asbestone booklet
     which tells real facts about ready
     roofings and how they are mad<?.

              m

                      Through—

Asbestos

                       and its allied products

                            INSULATION

                                                     that kerf! the hear uhe*e it
                                                     CEMENTS

                                     t\jf Amter w+//t leak-prttf

                           ROOFINGS

                                          that cur d*wn fire ritki
                                          PACKINGS

that **vr vr wj;//

LININGS

that na*r b'akn ta/et
FIRE
PREVENTION
rKODUCTS

OTHER JOHNS-MANVILLE ROOF-
INGS: Johns-Manville Standard and
Colorblende Asbestos Shingles.
Johns-Manville Asbestos Ready
Roofing. Johns-Manville Built- Up
Asbestos Roofing. Johns-Manville
Corrugated Asbestos Roofings.

ANVILLE

  Serves in Conservation

Russia's Rough Riders

The Cossacks

They May Help to Restore Order in Russia

BY NIKOLAKI P. ZAROKILLI

RECENT reports coming out of the
Russian confusion have listed the
Ural Cossacks among the forces acting
with Admiral Kolchak’s Siberians and
the Ukrainians against the Bolsheviki.

  I am sure the Cossacks—that pic-
turesque body of warriors who so large-
ly contributed to the formation of the
vast Russian Empire—will prove potent
factors in reestablishing order. For the
Cossacks, though they have in the course
of centuries lost most of their savage
characteristics, retain all their virile
qualities. Through generations of con-
stant turmoil and fighting, in which
many a tribe was extinguished to the
last man; through centuries of devas-
tating wars wrought by Mongols, Tatars,
Turks, Muscovites, Poles, or Swedes,
the Cossacks have emerged a vigorous
race ready to assimilate the culture
offered by peaceful and settled times.

  Beyond the common coupling of the
words “Cossacks” and “cavalry,” and
a vague belief in traditional tales of
Cossack cruelties and horrors (thanks
to exaggerated, one-sided reports writ-
ten invariably by people with a personal
grievance against Russia and published
largely for their sensational value), the
general public has little idea of these
people as they exist to-day. But I have
had the good fortune to live among
the Cossacks for several years and
have seen them in peace, war, and
worse than war — revolution — and I
know them as a humane, patient, peace-
loving people, law-abiding and extreme-
ly loyal to their country.

Civilized Bandits

A LITTLE incident that occurred
while I was visiting my sister and
her husband in their summer home, in
the Kuban Cossack district of North
Caucasus, brought me my first appre-
ciation of this. They sent to the sta-
tion to meet me Vasili, their Cossack
coachman, with a troika (three-horse
carriage). Vasili and I were old friends,
for on my previous visits I had often
sat with him for hours by the fire, lis-
tening to his stories of the fights against
the Caucasian tribes, the Cherkesses,
the Kabardians, Chechenzes, Daghes-
tanis, and others; or of hunting trips
for deer, boar, bison, or bear. His
accounts were always exaggerated and
his knowledge inaccurate, but there
were poetry and enthusiasm in his tales,
and I had learned to gauge their value.
As we drove off in the troika he drifted
into his favorite subject—horses—and
began praising the three in front of us,
calling them by name and with much
the same deference one uses in refer-
ring to one’s own kind. Mishka, the
center horse, was getting rather old
and shortsighted, but he was Vasili’s
favorite and possessed extraordinary
qualities. We were gradually entering
the woods as Vasili went on explain-
ing the intelligence of Mishka and the
discipline of the other horses and why
the middle horse should be bigger and
trot while the side horses should be
smaller in size and gallop with their
heads bent low down and away from
the center one. “All three work,” said
Vasili, “but there is a leader who is
responsible for the whole set, like a het-
man and his aids.”

  Rapt in this conversation, we saw,
but too late, three men spring at us
from the thick bushes on either side.
One in front of the troika tried to hold
the horses, while the two others, steady-
ing themselves on the gnarled roots of
the thick bushes, pointed their pistols
at us. There was but one thing to do,
and that was—to surrender. Instead
Vasili murmured something to the
horses, and they plunged forward with-
out stopping; the man in front of us
fell to the ground, the troika capsized,

and in the turmoil we made our escape
through the bushes. (Vasili afterward
explained to me that Mishka would
never have responded but for his de-
fective eyesight!)

  That same evening, however, five
Cossacks of the neighborhood appeared
at our home. They expressed their re-
gret that such a thing should have
happened in their district and asked
us to come and identify the robbers,
whom they had caught two hours after
the news of the holdup had spread in
the village. The robbers were turned
over to the police that night. But this
is not an uncommon occurrence. The
Cossacks (whose very name, Kazak,
springs from the word quzzag, of
Tatar origin and meaning bandit) vol-
unteer always to catch thieves and
bandits in their own districts, and in
such cases one may rest assured that
the results are satisfactory.

  I have never been able, however, to
overcome a feeling of looking upon the
Cossacks as an anachronism. They
seem still to belong to the dark ages
of Mongol invasion—they are fierce-
looking individuals, and one easily im-
agines them dragging off a mutilated
man at the end of their arkan (lasso)
or stabbing a Mongol with their spear.
There is something almost uncanny in
hearing a Cossack converse in excellent
French or English on the most up-to-
date topics and with manners a diplo-
mat should envy. And I will never for-
get the astonishment of two Americans
whom I introduced to a Cossack friend,
one day in Tiflis, whose views on the
municipal government of New York
were sound enough for a candidate
for mayor!

  The Cossacks are of Veliko-Russian,
Malo-Russian, and Polish origin, with
an admixture of Lithuanian and Tatar
blood, and are of the Greek Ortho-
dox Church. Originally there were
two groups, the Don Cossacks (who
acknowledged the sovereignty of Russia
in the days of Ivan the Terrible) and
the Dnieper Cossacks. Gradually their
limited occupations of piracy and pas-
turage developed into agriculture, and
from the two groups were formed the
Ural, Siberian, Volga, ~ Terski, Gre-
bentsi, Terek-Semeini, Kuban, Ukrain-
ian, and Zaporozhian Cossacks. Fierce
and brave, fighting in all directions, at
first conquering land, joining Moscow
and adding that domain to that of their
sovereigns, rebelling and fleeing from
their masters, and conquering new ter-
ritories, they gravitated in the long run
to the ever-increasing power of Russia,
adding bit by bit to the land of the
Tsars, and in the end became an inte-
gral part of the empire.

The Djighitovka

IT will be, however, upon their justly
celebrated skill as cavalry that the
Cossacks will depend most in helping
to restore Russia. Once more the
djighitovka will come into its own,
and those Cossacks who for years
have kept up the famous fancy riding
will feel rewarded for their endless
“reviews” and “exhibitions.” The
djighitovka is the logical outcome of
the perfect mastery of the art of riding,
and only in practice can its significant
usefulness be completely revealed. I
was discussing this point once with
Colonel Dragomirov, the son of General
Dragomirov, a Cossack himself, and at
the head of the convoy of the Viceroy
of the Caucasus. To prove a point he
invited me to attend a “review” of
the convoy held for the benefit of a
few guests.

  About one hundred Cossacks, clad in
reddish uniforms and silver trappings,
cartridge cases, belts, and saddle fit-
tings, with soft, white, fur caps, topped
The National Weekly

33

Built-Up Layer

Upon

Copyright 1S13, by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co,

Layer

JUST how important is the layer-upon-layer construction
which Goodyear employs in the manufacture of tubes?

Does it make them stronger — longer-lived — better con-
tainers of air?

Well, for nine years we have been building balloons and
dirigibles, in the construction of which our first and most
complex problem was that of inflation. For gas is volatile,
much more elusive than air, harder to capture and hold.

It was finally demonstrated, however, that rubberized fabrics,
built up layer-upon-layer, formed the most practical container
for this gas.

Once this fact was established, it seemed quite logical that
the same principle should prove even more successful when
applied to tubes. For a tube’s sole function is to hold air.

We thus evolved the Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tube, making

it of pure gum strips, building them up, layer-upon-layer, then
curing them together, after which the valve-patch was vul-
canized in.

The soundness of this method was immediately established.

The thin layers of rubber cured one upon the other, enabled
the elimination of all defects, such as sand holes and porous-
ness. This construction also gave the body of the tube a
criss-cross grain which prevented splitting if punctured.
Finally, by vulcanizing the valve-patch securely into the
tube we prevented all leaks at this source.

There is an observable tendency among motorists every-
where to use Goodyear Heavy Tourist Tubes exclusively.

They have learned that the slightly added cost of these thick,
grey tubes is more than justified by their longer life and by
the protection which they undeniably give to casings.

More Goodyear Tubes are used than any other kind.
34

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

Home Comfort
Means Hot Water

         Turn any hot-water faucet in your
       home—out comes water—piping hot—
       instantly, any time, day or night,
       winter or summer, as long as you want
       it! Wonderful? No. It’s made certain
       by the unfailing service of the Ruud
       Automatic Gas Water Heater.

         The Ruud Water Heater is always
       ready, always waiting, always willing
       to give you hot water, jus t where you
       want it—for the dishes, the laundry,
       the quick morning shave, the frequent
       bath—all the family can have hot
       water at once. No danger of using it	-

       up, for the Ruud Water Heater is keeping it piping hot
       just as long as you have the faucet turned on.

          The Ruud Water Heater saves your time. Once installed,
  4 it requires practically no attention. The unlimited, irfctan-
  taneous supply of hot water is all that reminds you that
  it is there.

 WATER HEATER

“Hot Water All Over the House”

  The Ruud Water Heater is easily installed in any home.
Turn any hot-water faucet in the house, and the gas-
buming pilot-light leaps into a steady, hot flame concen-
trated on a copper coil through which the water passes.
At once the water flows hot. A regulator governs the
temperature of the water thus heated — never too hot —
always hot enough. Turning off the faucet shuts off the
gas, except for the tiny pilot-light that bums continually
at trifling cost.

  The Ruud Water Heater bums natural or artificial gas,
and the daily cost of its operation is no more than the
price of a “movie’, show or a couple of cigars. Has proven
practical and dependable for 22 years and is now in
over 125,000 satisfied homes.

  Honestly made throughout—the best grade of materials.
Built to last year in and year out. Nothing complicated—
it takes care of itself. Made in sizes suitable for any home.

 Any gas company, plumber, or gas-appliance store
can give information regarding a Ruud Water Heater in
your home. A Booklet and Descriptive Matter Mailed
Free. Write for it.

See the Ruud at any of these branch
offices or agencies

Atlanta......72 Marietta Street

Baltimore .... 881 No. Howard Street

Boston.......66 High Street

Buffalo....... 820 Main Street

Chicago .... 218 So. Wabash Avenue

Cincinnati...... 707 Elm Street

Cleveland..... 1854 Euclid Avenue

Columbus.....41 W. Long Street

Dallas.....1501 Commerce Street

Dayton.....17 Rockwood Avenue

Detroit...... 303 Park Building

Duluth.....118 W. Superior Street

Indianapolis . . 207 Hume-Mansur Building
Kansas City, Mo. . . . 1508 Main Street
Louisville ..... 309 S. Third Street

Los Angeles..... 745 S. Broadway

Milwaukee......89 Biddle Street

Minneapolis.....29 So. Fifth Street

New York ....	115 Broadway

New Orleans . . . . 216 Bourbon Street

Philadelphia..... 1938 Market Street

Portland, Ore.....412 Gasco Building

Rochester . Rochester Ry. & Light Building
San Francisco . . . . 431 Sutter Avenue

St. Louis.....1019 Locust Street

St. Paul......144 E. Sixth Street

Toledo....... 240 Erie Street

Washington . . 711 Thirteenth Street, N. W.

RUUD MANUFACTURING CO., Dept. a. Pittsburgh. Pa.

Makers of Standardised Gas Water Heaters
RUUD MANUFACTURING CO., of Canada, 371 Adelaide St. W., Toronto

with red and silver, rode by us, six
abreast, at a slow pace, singing their
weird war songs—the same singing that
harassed and unnerved the retreating
armies of Napoleon until it became a
nightmare to them.

  Like any other cavalry, they were
dignified and warlike, but they lacked
the ultramilitary bearing of ordinary
cavalry. They were absolutely at ease
and unconscious of the effect they pro-
duced. There is nothing of the human
being on horseback in their appearance;
they seem rather a composite being like
the Centaur of old. A hussar, an uhlan,
or a dragoon suggests soldiery of this
or that category, that one can vision
walking into a drawing room or riding
in parade, but a Cossack seems more
like a man-on-horseback, absolutely in-
divisible. When seen walking in a street
one feels as if he had left his legs be-
hind, and one marvels that he can walk!

  As I watched them ride by my first
feeling was one of admiration; they
thrilled and impressed me, and then
I found myself hoping that I might
never have to meet them as adversaries.
They stopped a few hundred yards away
and commenced a more active display
of their riding skill. One rider gal-
loped off alone, and when he came in
front of us fell from his horse, pre-
tending to be wounded. The horse
stopped at once and looked around a£
if to summon help, until another Cos-
sack was sighted galloping toward the
wounded man. The latter raised his
right arm and was lifted to the saddle
by the second rider still in full gallop.
The horse of the “wounded” Cossack,
unattended, clung to the other horse,
and the two galloped off as one. The

wounded man was stretched across the
saddle, and the rescuer, standing on
his left stirrup, bent over his comrade
and covered him with his burka (raw-
wool waterproof cape). Soon we could
see both horses galloping as one and
without riders.

 For the charge the Cossacks were
divided into two groups about one verst
(two-thirds of a mile) apart. The first
group dismounted and stood in front
of us, representing the enemy. The
other group were still one verst away—
the signal was given and they started
shooting from both sides. The Cossacks
rode full speed against those in front
of us, but after a little shooting we no-
ticed fewer and fewer riders on the
galloping horses. The effect was per-
fect, for soon we could see a few hun-
dred yards away only riderless horses
galloping into the enemy’s camp. The
firing was relaxed by the enemy until
the horses came to within a few hun-
dred yards, and then we saw a puff of
smoke at the right side of each horse
and heard a volley that seemed to come
from invisible rifles. For the next shot
the Cossacks were all on their horses
again and into the camp of the enemy.

 Where Cavalry Counts

THE Cossacks provide their own
horses; their arms consist of a
short rifle, a dagger called a kinjal,
and a revolver. The officers carry
swords in addition to the revolver and
kinjal, but no rifles. Always ready to
be called to the front, each individual
Cossack is a unit of soldiery of the
highest value, whose importance cannot
be overestimated in the present condi-
tion of Russia.

Great Britain Faces the Future

Continued from page 24

distinguished as administrators, of men
and of women.

  “The number of these committees and
their diversity suggest at first a fever
of reconstruction,” I was told. “But
look into any one of them and you will
find a real problem. For instance, take
this report of a meeting—that of the
Committee on Fisheries. It is brought
out that in Scotland alone 25,000 fisher-
men went off to war, and the Admiralty
converted to its own use more than 1,200
power craft used in the fishing indus-
try. Does the reinstatement of this in-
dustry present a problem? And do you
not see that it demands a separate
and distinct committee to consider
and solve it?”

  There are three outstanding activi-
ties, however, which call for the interest
of Americans. The first of these is the
new development of the Department of
Science and Research. War caught the
British a little unprepared in the arts
of destruction; the experience of their
climb out of this hole by the aid of sci-
ence and investigation—the taste for
achievement, born of new methods and
devices learned since war put pressure
upon them—has resulted in a new na-
tional zeal to apply the same resource-
fulness to the arts of construction when
peace has come. Says the Commercial
and Industrial Policy Committee: “We
find that in long-established manufac-
tures, with the important exception of
the iron and steel trades, British indus-
try had shown vitality and power of ex-
tension, but that in the rise and expan-
sion of the more modern branches of
industrial production the United King-
dom has taken only a limited share.
Certain branches of. production had
come to be entirely or very largely un-
der German control.” The Department
of Science and Research will play an
important part in restoring British
manufacturing versatility.

  Those who have been working on in-
dustrial and commercial reconstruction
all say that progress can be left no
longer in the hands of private initia-
tive; there must be cooperation under
the Government’s wing. The Depart-
ment of Science and Research must put
the blood of new ideas into the respecta-
ble, successful, unimaginative body of
British industry.

  One of the needs is the stimulation
of new industries. The British intend
to pick up some of the work which
had been in German hands. To study
the exact problems of the production of
specific manufactures there are in ex-
istence already fifteen or twenty com-
mittees, among which those which deal
with the chemical trades and with the
conversion of the munition plants to
new uses are the most important.
Everywhere it is asserted that in this
new development of industry the Gov-
ernment is the only agency which can
act efficiently in procuring the proper
supplies of raw materials.

The D. O. T.

SO also is the feeling as to the Govern-
ment’s function in the opening up of
Britain’s markets. I have been told by
many officials and manufacturers that,
after all, we Americans have an exag-
gerated idea of what is being done to
stimulate British foreign trade. The
old individualistic tendency still comes
out, as when a member of one of Eng-
land’s most successful families said to
me: “Oh, yes, the officials are going
ahead. There was a feeling that the
Foreign Office was not keeping a clear
eye on our chances in the world’s com-
merce. So it was arranged that the
Board of Trade and the Foreign Office
should have a joint department with a
joint secretary to go out after new
fields. But, after all, we will not fol-
low their work very closely. A manu-
facturer will go on—just as human
nature is built—to send his own repre-
sentatives to China or South America
to make his own investigations and his
own deals.”

  The department to which he refers is
called the Department of Overseas
Trade—the D. O. T., familiarly. It is
the expression by British of a desire for
new foreign markets, but before the
Peace Conference settles the untangling
of the joint shipping control and the
allocation of shipping, the department’s
hands are somewhat fettered. Never-
theless, it has engaged, rather quietly
if you please, in a multitude of plans,
and its feelers are reaching out, touch-
ing the remote places of the earth. It
will probably remain and grow as the
third leg of a reconstruction tripod of
Need Help?

Much

Flat tires are merely an incident when there is a Detroit Crankshaft Tire Pump in the tool-box.

— it goes wherever the car goes—

Your “Free Air” Station is right with you all the time —
pressure is always up.

There are several important points to remember in regard to the

Price Complete with 14-ft.
Tube and Thumb Lock

$12

.00

$12.50 West of the Rockies

Guaranteed for Life

In writing please specify
Make and Model
of your Car

In the first place it attaches to the right place on
the car—the Crankshaft—where there is unlim-
ited power—where there is no danger of inter-
fering with the operation of the engine or the
water pump, and where there is entire freedom
from oil contamination of the air pumped.

In the second place it is built like the motor
itself—strong, simple and serviceable.

And

in the third place it is easily and in-
stantly attached—fits nicely into the tool-box
and is always ready for action — will outlast
the car itself.

   Small in Size—Big in Service
   On Sale at Accessory Shops and Garages

THE DETROIT ACCESSORIES CORPORATION, DETROIT, Michigan

 MILLER-CAVE CORP.

122 So. Michigan Ave., Chicago,III.

               Factory Branch Offices
   ASCII & CO., Inc.	WRIGHT ACCESSORIES CORP. IIUGIISON Sc MORTON

16-24 West fclai St., New York City, N.Y.	Atlanta, Gu.	77 O'Farrell St., San Franclftco, Calif.

J.B. LAWRENCE & COMPANY

Winnipeg, Canada
36

Collier's

Super-Size in Cord

and Fabric

STERLING Super-Size
Tires are all cured on
air-bags. The Cord (or
regular woven fabric) is
thoroughly impregnated and
coated with pure rubber of
highest quality. We use
much more rubber in and
between the layers, and more
layers, than is usual. The
plies (or layers) are built up
one by one on iron cores; the
pure gum cushion is added ;
then the “breaker strip”; then
more “ cushion ” ; then the
super-tough, long-wear
Vacuum Bar Tread. When
built, the tire is transferred
to an air-bag of our own con-
struction, placed in a mold and
the bag forced full of highly
compressed air. The molds
go into steam vulcanizers for
the long three and four hour
“cure.” Heat further ex-
pands the air in the bag inside
the mold and the resulting
tremendous pressure com-
pletely amalgamates all the
layers.

  Independent laboratory tests show
that the strain necessary to pull the
STERLING layers apart is from
double to several times as great as that
called for in United States Govern-
ment specifications. Adhesion of the
layers is what mainly determines the
life of a tire. And it is this adhesion
and the extra thick, tough Vacuum
Bar Tread that accounts for the re-
markable mileage records we are re-
ceiving daily.

  STERLING Tires are guaranteed
5000 miles, but double and triple that
mileage is not at all surprising.

    If your dealer does not handle
    STERLINGS, he can get them
    for you from our nearest
    branch, or you can communi-
    cate direct with that branch.

Factory: Rutherford, New Jersey
Export Department: 44 Whitehall Street, New York

To Dealers

T'HE STERLING proposition
to dealers has been simplified
and broadened, and our co-opera-
tion with our dealers greatly
strengthened. Territory is being
rapidly closed up and those who
would like to add to their lines
a sturdy, husky QUALITY tire
and a pre-eminently superior
tube, are invited to send for our
Trade List and terms. Those
not rated in Dun’s or Brad-
street’s, are requested to save
time, by sending references with
the inquiry. Please address
the nearest branch.

Direct Factory Sales Branches:

Albany, N. Y.
Baltimore, Md.
Boston, Mass.
Bridgeport, Conn.
Brooklyn, N. Y.
Buffalo, N. Y.
Chicago, III.
Cincinnati, Ohio

 Cleveland, Ohio
 Columbus, Ohio
 Dayton, Ohio
 Detroit, Mich.
 Hartford, Conn.
 •Indianapolis, Ind.
 Jersey City, N. J.
 Kansas City, Mo.
 Louisville, Ky.

Milwaukee, Wis.
Newark, N. J.

New Haven, Conn.
New York, N. Y.
Paterson,N. J.
Philadelphia, Pa.
Pittsburgh, Pa.
Providence, R. I.
Reading, Pa.

Rochester, N. Y.
Rutherford, N. J.
Springfield, Mass.
St. Louis, Mo.
Syracuse, N. Y.
Toledo, Ohio
Washington, D. C.
Worcester, Mass.

TRAOC

Tires

invention, manufacture, and marketing
for the new British commercial program.

  With plans for conservation of re-
sources, for industrial development, for
finding markets, the world is familiar.
They have none of th6 significance
which is expressed in the phrase, “a
new world after the war.” In the Brit-
ish reconstruction program these plans
may show how the wind blows with the
British; they may indicate that some-
thing of the self-content of a stolid
British trade has been jounced out of
comfort by the war. They may speak
of a nation better prepared for de-
fense, for self-sustaining resource and
for offering a diversity of wares to the
outer world. But it is only in the re-
construction plans which touch the de-
velopment of human resource that the
American visiting the British catches
the odor of “a new world after the war.”

A Ministry of Health

FIRST, there is human health. The
British have come to the conclusion
that this is no longer a local business.
They are going to treat it as a na-
tional business. They are going to
create a Ministry of Health.

  It has been a shock to them to find
out, as they have found out in the last
month, that the birth rate of the civil
population has been passed by the
death rate, and that 100,000 children
die every year in spite of the fact that,
under proper care, 50,000 could be
saved. They are going to have a cen-
tral national agency to gather up the
functions concerning health which
were under the Board of Education,
the Poor Law Administration, the
Home Office, the Insurance Commis-
sions, or in local governments. They
are going to add to them other powers,
They are going to treat the national
health as the business of the nation.
For instance, when the question of in-
fant mortality—a vital question to a
fading population—comes up under the
new Minister of Health, he will have
the powers and functions described in
the bill as “certain powers and duties
of the Board of Education as to the
health of expectant and nursing mothers
and young children; of the powers and
duties of the Privy Council in relation
to midwives; and of the powers affect-
ing infant life protection under the
Children’s Act of 1908.” The Ministry
of Health will deal with the questions
of the health of the men who have been
in the war; it will deal with health in-
surance. It will have a number of
“consultative councils” of men and
women, who will deal with the subjects
of prevention of disease, cure of dis-
ease, questions affecting motherhood,
including pensions, relief, and protec-
tion of working mothers, questions as
to the national health insurance.

  The next reconstruction measure
which strikes fire upon an American
is the British national plans for housing.

  It is a far cry from our American
attitude toward the housing of our-
selves to the critical situation which
exists in countries where for more than
four years the building of living quar-
ters has been stopped, the decay of old
quarters has marched on, vast areas
of dwellings have been destroyed by
war, and the population has crowded
into the centers. The British have faced
a serious situation, and they are going
to make the most of it! They are plan-
ning the housing of a nation anew. One
of the interesting outcomes of their
plans is the disclosure of the fact that
Queen Mary has been a close student of
the housing problem for several years.

  “The solution of the housing problem
has been undertaken by several com-
mittees,” I was told. “There is an im-
portant body of experts who are work-
ing out the emergency problem brought
on by the war; there is a committee
which deals with the cooperative build-
ing societies, one which has reported
on the extension of Government con-
trol of rents and mortgage interest, an-
other, composed of women, which has
undertaken to find out what the work-
ing woman wants for a dwelling.”

  The number of persons living more
than two in a room in 1911, before the
war, was more than 3,000,000! In Eng-

June 14, 1919

land and Wales more than half a mil-
lion were living more than three in a
room. The shortage of houses in rural
districts, too, before the war was so
marked that agricultural laborers were
being drawn to the cities; in the coun-
try there was a lack of 120,000 dwell-
ings f The shortage of industrial la-
borers’ houses, due to the stopping of
building during the war, in itself will
amount to 175,000 dwellings! We can
realize little of the British housing
problem until we know that it will be
necessary to build 250,000 houses in the
centers and 50,000 in the country dis-
tricts.

  The program of building carried out
must be without delay; it must be in
accordance with new and better dwell-
ing design and workmanship, and the
houses must be built in the right locali-
ties. This is the nation’s business now,
and in it the British face the dilemma
that landlords will not build houses
when the cost of building is 50 per cent
above normal—unless the Government
subsidizes building. The objections to
this subsidy are so great that the state
itself has been advised to go into the
house-building and renting business
wherever the local authorities will not
do so.

  “One important benefit that will
come from house building as a public
business is the new opportunity which
exists for town planning,” said the
committee member to me. “The grant
of aid by the state will give power to
insist upon town planning and housing
architecture. The financial aid is suffi-
ciently large to bring about this’ Gov-
ernment control because if 300,000
houses must be built at once the state
will probably have to grant aid to the
extent of about one-fourth of the total
money needed—which is about $500,-
000,000!”

  As to the quality of the houses to be
built, the Women’s Housing Committee
has reported that the working women
of the United Kingdom have asked for
larger houses, with a wider frontage
to insure more light and air, situated
in better surroundings, and that a par-
lor should be provided in addition to
the living room where meals are served,
and that bathrooms with a simple sys-
tem of hot and cold water supply should
be provided in separate inclosures,
that the health authorities should pre-
vent a house designed for one family
being used by more persons than are in
that family, that where there are no
sewers, there should be no more than
four dwellings to an acre.

  The work which lies before the Brit-
ish to provide housing for the nation is
indeed a gigantic task. But out of the
emergency brought by war there is an
awakening of the national imagination
as to the national welfare.

Quality” Knowledge

THIS same quality of imagination has
arisen as to education. The em-
phasis is not for the moment on the
extension or reformation of the educa-
tion of the child. “We have just learned
that education does not stop within the
old conventional limits,” the head of the
largest trade-union organization said to
me. “Out of the war has come a finger
pointing to the need of vocational and
adult education.”

  In other words, the British have
awakened to the fact that men and
women need to know their jobs, and,
secondly, that education is not some-
thing to take, like the measles and,
having made a recovery in childhood,
be immune for a lifetime.

  Said Lord Haldane, who has led work
of educational reconstruction commit-
tees: “From the working classes we
hear of the requirements of a new mini-
mum wage and a minimum standard of
living. That is right. But there is a
minimum quite as important as either
and that is a minimum of knowledge—
not merely abstract knowledge, but the
knowledge of quality.”

   In the British plans for reconstruc-
tion there are schemes for the special
education of the agricultural worker,
for special education of women in the
work they are to undertake, for the
training of the children who have been
/ f f

     f ' *

The National Weekly	37

 THE FRANKLIN CAR

yl New National Average
I4'>5°o Miles to the Set of Tires

A NATION-WIDE investigation among Franklin
owners has just been completed. It covered all types
of the present model which have been driven day by day
for over two years in every part of the country. The
results show a delivery of over 14,500 miles to the complete
set of tires.

    When in 1916 the present chassis was put on the
market, it was known that its lighter weight would give
greater tire economy. Yet former figures of 10,000 miles
were not changed in Franklin statements of performance,
until owners’ results were available. Franklin statements
are based on facts, not on estimates.

    This newly proved economy is just fresh evidence as
to why the Franklin Car leads with the fastest growing
sales and resales of any fine car.

    Delivering frequently more than is quoted for it, and
always more in comfort and everyday usability than the
average car, Franklin performance drives home this fact:
only Franklin light weight, flexible construction and
direct air cooling (no water to boil or freeze) give motor-
ing satisfaction approaching the ideal.

              20 miles to the gallon of gasoline
              14,500 miles to the set of tires
              50°/° slower yearly depreciation

FRANKLIN AUTOMOBILE COMPANY, SYRACUSE, N. Y.
i e r* s

forced into employment during the war,
for training the domestic servant.

  The attempt to introduce adult edu-
cation, however, has brought forth
most dramatically the need for adult
education and also the obstacles to its
application. “Men and women demand
education after maturity because of a
desire to understand better the world
in which they live and the forces with
which they contest or with which they
advance their conditions,” says a letter
from the committee on Adult Educa-
tion. “Something of this is seen in the
voluntary labor school. The humble,
the poor, and the educated want to
know. Before the war there were near-
ly 2,000 adult schools with a voluntary
membership of nearly 100,000. The
Workers’ Educational Association last
year had about 200 branches, and out
of this came the cooperation of our uni-
versities which started some hundred
and fifty assisting classes with over
three thousand students, pledged to
carry on a three years’ course of study.”
The attempt of the reconstruction
authorities to extend adult education
has given the British a new insight into
the lives of the workers and this is
because adult education is blocked by
social facts which a mass of evidence
from the workers themselves has laid
on the table of the educational commit-
tees. The picture is one of no time and
no energy for study. “I have been a
student for ten years,” said a railway
checker. “But my hours have hindered
me. After twelve hours of work it is
hard to concentrate.” A colliery la-
borer testified: “You generally find the
collieries are outside of town. We get
up at about three o’clock and arrive
home at six. Education is difficult.”

Education or the Mob?

THE shift system rises in startling
antagonism to education too. An-
other colliery worker said: “We have
the three-shift system. When there are
three or four workers in a house per-
haps all are working on different shifts
during the same week. So the women
folks in the house simply live to get
meals. And the shift worker himself
can only attend evening classes one
week out of every three.” Overtime is
another obstacle—“I had two hours’
overtime every day,” said a man in a
white-lead plant. “And rising at six
and coming back at nine-thirty didn’t
leave me much strength to study. The
only time I found to read was in the
half hour allowed for breakfast at the
works. Under a dirty arch and near
a refuse heap I managed to learn
something in connection with what I
learned in the class.”

  For reasons based on testimony of
this kind, I found that the Committee
on Adult Education, dealing with the
problem of education for adult laborers,
has made one recommendation out of
eleven which dealt with education it-
self. That one advised that village
halls for classes and meetings should be
provided wherever the public authori-
ties were in control. All the other ten
had to do with working hours, the de-

Jun e 14, 1919

pletion of workers’ energy, with hous-
ing and such matters as the provision
in all plants of a place to wash one’s
hands!

  “But we will overcome the difficul-
ties,” said the labor leader who has
enlisted in the Government campaign
for adult education. “It is education
or the mob. That is the way it looks
in some parts of the world. The Brit-
ish will choose education.”

  The gigantic task for the British
just now, in fact, lies in the Job. It
is the Man and the Woman and the
Job, or the Lack of a Job, all in capi-
tal letters.

 A New “After-the-War” World

IMAGINE the problems—you who
are back home in America with a
social and economic fabric not all torn
to rags as the British fabric has been
chewed up and raveled out by four and
a half years of war! What would you
do with all the boys and girls who
have gone to work and will see their
jobs fade away? What would you do
with the six thousand new women
workers in the farmerette class, the
“Land Army,” as the English call it,
when the men who want work on the
soil came back from France? How would
you dispose of the future fortunes of
the million and a half women who went
out of the home and into the job when
war called?

  What will you do with the endless
streams of men returning from war?
How will you find work or education for
the officers who have become used to a
scale of living based on their pay and
who, now nerve-racked or now re-
minded that war interrupted their edu-
cational training, try to find jobs that
will support new tastes and new wives
and new babies?

  How will you take care of the muni-
tion workers before other work starts
up? What will you do to work out a
plan to take care of the unemployed
and to get people out of the cities where
war has herded them and to make capi-
tal and labor work out their differences
together around a table instead of sepa-
rately in contest when a nation’s nerves
.are still weary and war-edged?

  These are a handful of the problems
of human labor which the British are
working out. Some of them are
emergency problems, but behind the
dealing with them all there is the spirit
and the practice of this permanent “new
world after the war” of which w^ have
talked so much. It is the one signifi-
cant experiment in reconstruction going
on in a world which is talking its head
off about idealism while the British—
the supposedly stolid, unimaginative
British—are actually sawing wood. No
matter what its errors may be, it is the
one example of well-ordered national
reconstruction based on realization of
the need to conserve human resource
and rearrange the pattern of life in the
name of social justice and as a guar-
anty against the dripping-mouthed mob.

  It is a brand of idealism not for
export but for consumption on the
premises.

  On the boardwalk, on the hotel porch, at receptions,
wherever well-dressed men and women gather, Keds
are it .
They're canvas rubber-soled shoes of distinction—
suitable for any and every occasion in town and coun-
try, indoors or outdoors.
Keds come in a wide range of styles. Better-looking
shoes you have rarely seen. Certainly you’ve never
worn shoes more comfortable in hot weather.
Every member of the family can wear Keds with
thorough satisfaction in their quality and value.
Ask your shoe dealer for Keds. You should be able
to obtain the exact style you want. Look for the name
*‘Keds” stamped on the sole.

United States Rubber Company

They're all the go!

The Crime of Partition

                                Continued from page 10

after sawing furiously at its throat
for a hundred years or so was expected
to make friends suddenly and kiss it
on both cheeks in the mystic Rus-
sian way.

  It was a singularly nightmarish com-
bination of international polity, and
no whisper of any other would have
been officially tolerated. Indeed, I don’t
think in the whole extent of western
Europe there was anybody who had the
slightest mind to whisper on that
subject.

  Those were the days of the dark
future, when Benckendorf put down
his name on the Committee for the
Relief of Polish Populations driven by
the Russian armies into the heart of
Russia, when the Grand Duke Nicholas
(the gentleman who advocated a St.
Bartholomew’s night for the suppres-
sion of Russian liberalism) was dis-

playing his “divine” (I have read the
very word in an English newspaper
of standing) strategy in the great re-
treat, and Mr. Iswolsky carried himself
haughtily on the banks of the Seine,
and it was beginning to dawn upon
certain people there that he was a
greater nuisance even than the Polish
question.

  But there is no use in talking about
all that. Some clever person has said
that it is always the unexpected that
happens, and on a calm and dispas-
sionate survey the world does ap-
pear mainly to one as a scene of mira-
cles. Out of Germany’s strength, in
whose purpose so many people refused
to believe, came Poland’s opportunity,
in which nobody could have been ex-
pected to believe. Out of Russia’s col-
lapse emerged that forbidden thing, the
Polish independence, not as a venge-
The National Weekly

39

UMC

News Indeed for the Young Man

Individual Shooters Recognized
by N.R.A.—No need to join a Club

       EVERY young American who owns a .22 will be
       glad of this new ruling by the National Rifle
       Association.

It means that any young rifleman (of 18 years or
under) can now join the N. R. A. as an individual,
and compete for National Honors as a Junior
(f"\ Marksman without having to join or form a club.

    | All he has to do is register his name with the
11 jj National Rifle Association, Woodward Building,
II I Washington, D. C., with the nominal membership
Wf fee of 50 cents.

/	Then he can shoot at the standard .22 caliber

         targets under regulation conditions.

rHe can have his targets certified by the principal
       of his high school, his scout master or his father,
       or some rifle club official.

He submits his targets to the National Rifle As-
sociation, and as soon as he qualifies the association
jgPK®*1 awards him the bronze Junior Marksman Button.

* *

* ^ As you know this Junior Marksman Button is
awarded with Government sanction. It is the only
S®2’ official decoration in America for Junior Rifle-
men— the incontestable mark of honors won by
shooting right.

Write to the Service Department of Remington UMC about it. The
time to write is today. The N. R. A. will have thousands of applica-
tions for individual membership. You want to get yours accepted early.

  Then you can do some real worth-while
target shooting during vacation. You should
be able to qualify soon as Junior Marksman,
and be well on your way toward still higher
honors for rifle shooting.

      %

   Now, don’t hesitate to write us just because
your rifle or ammunition is not Remington
UMC. You don’t even have to tell us what
make you do shoot — now. We’ll take a
chance that you will come to Remington
UMC as your skill develops and you become
more critical about your arms and ammu-

nition. This is a Service Department for
every man and boy who is shooting right.

   We will send you an application blank for
Individual Membership in the N. R. A. and i£
you say the word, the four Remington Right
Shooting Booklets — “Four American Boys
Who Are Famous Rifle Shots,” “Boy Scout
Marksmanship,” “How a Boy Made the First
Remington,”

"Boys’ Rifle Cl ubs.”

No charge—just A•
write.

The Remington Arms Union Metallic Cartridge Co., Inc.

Largest Manufacturers of Firearms and Ammunition in the World

Woolworth Building	New York

Remington U MC of Canada, Ltd. ... Windsor, Ontario

  There are many Vacation Shooting Competitions for
young riflemen. Some mighty fine medals and cups
and other prizes are offered, and they are won by right
shooting.

Don't forget that one of the 82,700 Remington UMC
dealers is at your service wherever you may happen to go.

XJr-
40

Collier's

Cool

Clean

 &

 O COOL

 Oealpax

Sanitary, Athlctic Underwear

 o* .t is.

rjn

                 e?

%

           /

                                                                             *1

                                                                                                                         . >

^4 Better Athletic Underwear

Sold in a CleanerAVay

Men who value
comfort have set the
seal of approval on Sealpax

       —	the final development in athletic under
       wear—light, airy, loose-fitting, and grate-
       fully cool.

      Sealpax comes to you in a transparent,
      sealed envelope, with all its original freshness
      intact. When you break the seal and put on
      Sealpax, it is with the knowledge that no
      hands but yours have touched it since it
      came immaculate from the laundry.

       You’ll find the proportions of Sealpax just
       right—generously full, without awkward
       bagginess.

      Ask your dealer for Sealpax—made in union
      suits and separate garments.

The Sealpax Company, Baltimore, Md.

Also Makers of Lady Sealpax
Athletic Underwear

| ful figure, the retributive shadow of
 the Crime, but as something much
 more solid and more difficult to get
 rid of—a political necessity and a
 moral solution.

    Directly it appeared its practical use-
 fulness became undeniable, and also the
 fact that, for better or worse, it was
 impossible to get rid of it again except
 by the unthinkable way of another
 carving, of another partition, of an-
 other crime.

Poland Reborn

 THEREIN lies the strength and the
 future of the thing so strictly for-
 bidden no farther back than two
 years or so, of Polish independence
 expressed in a Polish state. It comes
 into the world morally free, not in
 virtue of its sufferings, but in virtue
 of its miraculous rebirth and of its
 ancient claim for services rendered to
 Europe.

   Not a single one of the combatants
 of all the fronts of the world had died
 consciously for Poland’s freedom. That
 opportunity even was denied to Poland’s
 children. And it is just as well! Provi-
 dence in its inscrutable way had been
 merciful, for had it been otherwise the
 load of gratitude would have been too
 great, the sense of obligation too crush-
 ing, the joy of deliverance too fearful
 for mortals, common sinners with the
 rest of mankind before the eye of the
 Most High.

   Those who died east and west, leav-
 ing so much anguish and so much
 pride behind them, died neither for
 the creation of states nor for empty
 words, nor yet the salvation of general
 ideas. They died neither for democ-
 racy, nor leagues, nor systems, and not
 even for abstract justice, which is an
 unfathomable mystery. They died for
 something too deep for words, too
 mighty for the common standard by
 which reason measures the advantages
 of life and death, too sacred for the
 vain discourses that come and go on
 the lips of dreamers, fanatics, humani-
 tarians, and statesmen.

   Poland’s independence springs up
 from that great immolation, but Po-
 land’s loyalty will not be rooted in any-
 thing so trenchant and burdensome as
 the sense of immeasurable indebted-
 ness, of that gratitude which in a
 worldly sense is sometimes called eter-
 nal, but which lies always at the mercy
 of weariness and is fatally condemned
 by the instability of human sentiment
 to end in negation. Polish loyalty will
 be rooted in something much more solid
 and enduring, something that could
 never be called eternal, but which is,
 in fact, life-enduring. It will be rooted
 in the national temperament which is
 about the only thing on earth that can
 be trusted.

   Men may deteriorate, they may im-
 prove too, but they don’t change. Mis-
 fortune is a hard school, which may
 either mature or spoil a national char-
 acter, but it may be reasonably ad-
 vanced that the long course of adver-
 sity of the most cruel kind has not
 injured the fundamental characteristics
 of that nation which has proved its
 vitality against the most demoralizing
 odds. The various phases of the Polish
 sense of self-preservation struggling
 among the menacing forces and the
 no less threatening chaos of the neigh-
 boring powers should be judged im-
 partially.

    I suggest impartiality and not indulg-
 ence simply because when appraising
 the Polish question it is not necessary
 to invoke the softer emotions. A little
 calm reflection on the past and the
 present is all that is necessary on the
 part of the Western world to judge the
 movements of a community whose ideals
 are the same but whose situation is
 unique.

   This situation was brought vividly
 home to me in the course of an argu-
 ment more than eighteen months ago.
 “Don’t forget,” I was told, “that Poland
 has got to live in contact with Germany
 and Russia to the end of time. Do you
 understand the force of that expres-
 sion: ‘to the end of time’? Facts must
 be taken into account, and especially
 facts such as this to which there is no

June 14, 1919

possible remedy on earth. For reasons
which are, properly speaking, physio-
logical, a prospect of friendship with
Germans or Russians even in the most
distant future is unthinkable. Any alli-
ance of heart and mind would be a
monstrous thing, and monsters, as
you know, cannot live. You can’t
base conduct on a monstrous concep-
tion.

  “We are either worth or not worth
preserving, but the horrible psychology
of the situation is enough to drive the
national mind to distraction. Yet under
a destructive pressure, of which west-
ern Europe can have no notion, of forces
that were not only crushing but cor-
rupting, we have preserved our sanity.
Therefore there can be no fear of our
losing our minds simply because the
pressure is removed. We have neither
lost our heads nor yet our moral
sense.

  “Oppression, not merely political but
affecting social relation, family life, the
deepest affections of human nature, and
the very fount of natural emotions, has
never made us vengeful. It is worthy
of notice that with every incentive pres-
ent in our emotional reactions we had
no recourse to political assassination.
Arms in hand, hopelessly or hopefully,
and always against immeasurable odds,
we did affirm ourselves and the justice
of our cause; but ‘wild justice’ has
never been a part of our conception of
national manliness. In all the history
of Polish oppression there was only one
shot fired which was not in battle.
Only one! And the man who fired it
in Paris at the Emperor Alexander II
was but an individual connected with
no organization, representing no part
of Polish opinion. The only effect in
Poland was that of profound regret,
not at the failure, but at the mere fact
of the attempt. The history of our cap-
tivity is free from that stain; and what-
ever follies in the eyes of the world
we may have perpetrated we have
neither murdered our enemies nor acted
treacherously against them, nor yet
have been reduced to the point of curs-
ing each other.”

  I could not gainsay the truth of
that discourse. I saw as clearly as
my interlocutor the impossibility of the
faintest sympathetic bond between Po-
land and her neighbors ever being
formed in the future. The only course
that remains to a reconstituted Poland
is the elaboration, establishment, and
preservation of the most correct method
of political relations with neighbors to
whom Poland’s existence is bound to
be a humiliation and offense. Calmly
considered, it is an appalling task, yet
one may put one’s trust in that na-
tional temperament which is so com-
pletely free from aggressiveness and
revenge.

  Therein lie the foundations of all hope.
The success of renewed life for that
nation whose fate is to remain in exHe,
ever isolated from the West among hos-
tile surroundings, depends on the sym-
pathetic understanding of its problems
by its distant friends, the Western
powers, which in their democratic de-
velopment must recognize the moral
and intellectual kinship of that dis-
tant outpost of their type of civi-
lization, which was the only basis of
Polish culture.

 An Imperishable Individualism

WHATEVER may be the future of
Russia and the final organization of
Germany, the old hostility must remain
unappeased, the fundamental antago-
nism must endure for years to come.
The Crime of the Partition was com-
mitted by autocratic governments which
were the governments of their time;
but those governments were character-
ized in the past, as they will be in
the future, by their people’s national
traits, which remain utterly incompat-
ible with Polish mentality and Polish
sentiment.

  Both the German submissiveness
(idealistic as it may be) and the Rus-
sian lawlessness (fed on the corrup-
tion of all the virtues) are utterly
foreign to the Polish nation, whose
qualities and defects are altogether of
another kind tending to a certain ex-
The National Weekly	n

         THE MILLER RUBBER COMPANY, Dept. A153, Akron, Ohio

             Makers of Miller Red and Gray Inner Tubes
             —the Team-Mates of Uniform Tires

               Also Miller Surgeons Grade Rubber Goods—for Homes as Well as Hospitals

            TO DEALERS: Your Territory may be open—write u«

How Miller Cords Outran

               __•‘Wr%r	ii"■ 7 t ^

  21 Prominent Makes

A Heroic Tire Contest on 17 Packard ’Buses, Going
78,000 Miles a Month

NO more convincing proof of a tire’s supremacy has ever been submitted to
the court of public opinion. It comes from the private tests of the Eldorado
Stage Company, Los Angeles, Cal. They’re one of the largest users of
tires in the world. To them it meant a huge sum of money to establish which
tire carries a heavy load lightly, and runs the farthest.

   Twenty-two leading makes of tires were tested on the Eldorado’s seventeen
12-Passenger Packards. They travel an average of 153 miles daily—a combined
distance of 936,000 miles a year. That’s more than 37 times around the world.

Proof of Uniform Mileage

   This is the “Service de Luxe” for which
the Miller Tires competed and won. Their
victory was based—not on exceptional mileage
of a single casing—but on long distance uni-
formity, tire after tire.

   Once the burro was the only transportation
where today this grand fleet carries thousands
of passengers between Los Angeles, Bakersfield
and Taft. Here Nature has painted with lavish
hand a wide panorama of peaks, canyons,
rivers, verdant hills and valleys.

Parlor Car Comfort

   Next time you visit California don’t miss
this enchanting trip—made in parlor car com-
fort in an Eldorado stage running on buoyant
Miller Cord Tires.

   All Millers are uniform because their work-
manship is uniform. The Eldorado tests have
reaffirmed it. You can get these championship
tires — but only from the authorized Miller
Dealer. If you don’t know his name, write us.
42

Collier's

June 14, 1919

             eSTANDARD
             nvhich the world

    AiaJtes its ALirJt

   wAround tbcftorfd

VACATION

NECESSITY

Unties you

inkwe

                                     3 TYPES

                                     Regular

                                         Safety

                                                         Self-Filling

Its readiness to

write anywhere at	^

any time without de-	1

pendence upon desk or
inkwell gives Waterman’s
Ideal Fountain Pen users
a freedom of action, which
enables them to do more and
better work, suiting their own
convenience as to time and

place*

There is a nib to suit each and every
individual character of hand writing—7 ^
A size of barrel to fit any hand, and a
type that meets perfectly any specific pen
requirement.

GILBERT Night and Day

1 u m

ial Clocks

       are backed by a guarantee which insures night visibility
       for years. Coupled with this is our own guarantee of
       the reliability of these new and attractive clocks.

       Their scientific radium markings and long-range visibility

Make Night Time Plain As Day

                                                                                                                                                                      #

                           There is a Gilbert Radium Clock exactly
                           suited to your need. You are certain to
                           prize its convenience — to admire its
                           distinctive personality and appearance.

                             Select yours from several fascinating models at your dealer '3.

WILLIAM L. GILBERT CLOCK CO.

                                  DEPT. C

                                   Good Clochmakers since 1807 at

WINSTED - - - CONNECTICUT

DEALERS: — The market for Gilbert\Radium Clock* has comc to you.

                                                        Write for attractive proposition.

aggeration of individualism and, per-
haps, to an extreme belief in the gov-
erning power of the free assent, the
one invariably vital principle in the
internal government of the old re-
public.

  There was never a history more free
from political bloodshed than the his-
tory of the Polish state, which never
knew either feudal institutions or
feudal quarrels. At the time when
heads were falling on the scaffolds all
over Europe there was only one politi-
cal execution in Poland—only one—
and as to that there still exists a tradi-
tion that the great chancellor who de-
mocratized Polish institutions and had
to order it in pursuance of his political
purpose could not settle that matter
with his conscience till the day of his
death.

  Poland too had its civil wars, but
this can hardly be made a matter of
reproach by the rest of the world.
Conducted with humanity, they left be-
hind them no animosities and no sense
of repression and certainly no legacy of
hatred. They were* but an argument
in a political discussion and tended al-
ways toward conciliation.

The Offspring of the West

I CAN’T imagine, in whatever form of
democratic government Poland elabo-
rates for itself, that either the nation
or its leaders would do anything but
welcome the closest scrutiny of their
renewed political existence. The diffi-
culty of the problem of that existence
will be so great that some errors will
be unavoidable, and one may be sure
that they will be taken advantage of
by its neighbors to discredit that living
witness to a great historical Crime. If
not the actual frontiers, then the moral
integrity of the new state is sure to

 Blinks

Continued from page 26

be assailed before the eyes of Europe.
Economic enmity will also come into
play when the world’s work is resumed
again and competition asserts its power.
Charges of aggression are certain to be
made especially as related to the small
states formed on the territories of the
old republic. And everybody knows the
power of lies which go about clothed in
coats of many colors, whereas, as is
well known, truth has no such advan-
tage, and for that reason is often sup-
pressed as not altogether proper for
everyday purposes. It is not often rec-
ognized, because it is not always fit to
be seen.

  Already there are innuendoes, threats,
hints thrown out, and even awful in-
stances fabricated out of inadequate
materials, but it is historically unthink-
able, that the Poland of the future, with
its sacred tradition of Poland and its
hereditary sense of respect for the
rights of individuals and states, should
seek its prosperity in aggressive action
or in moral violence against that part
of its once fellow citizens who speak
Ruthenian or Lithuanian. The only in-
fluence that cannot be restrained is
simply the influence of time which dis-
engages truth from all facts with a
merciless logic and prevails over pass-
ing opinions, the changing impulses
of men.

  There can be no doubt that the moral
impulses and the material interests of
the new nationalities which seem to
play now the game of disintegration
for the benefit of the world’s enemies
will in the end bring them nearer to
the Poland of this war’s creation, will
unite them sooner or later by a spon-
taneous movement toward the state
which had adopted and brought them
up in the development of its own humane
culture—the offspring of the West.

 been established for the trained blind,
 and of which more hereafter.

  At the opposite extreme from the
exalte type is the man whose affliction
has left him profoundly and bitterly
depressed. With such cases it is a
question of getting the subject in time,
before he has slumped too far. In prac-
tically every instance this has been -
done.

  The very atmosphere of Evergreen
 goes far to accomplish it,* to pull the
 man out of his Slough of Despond
 by the mere influence of the prevalent
 pluck and optimism, and set him on firm
 ground almost without his realizing it,
 as the shrewd and helpful “blinks” did
 with the despairing gob in whom I wit-
 nessed the miracle of the rebirth of
 manhood. At the moment when the
 handicap.ped man begins to take an in-
 terest in life again, his start is made.
 From the time when he feels himself a
 part of the little community, with com-
 mon interests and common enjoyments,
 he is on the upgrade. Once he sees
 ahead of him clearly a useful, produc-
 tive place in the world, and sets to
 the task of fitting himself for it, he
 i is safe.

   Therein is the reason why “officially
 blind” means so much to these young
 fellows. It places them. In a sense it
 puts them to the test. It is the honor
 of their fraternity to make good in the
 world.

   There is a third type, affording a more
difficult problem; the patient who, re-
covered from the physical shock of his
wounds, remains bewildered, anxious,
timid, a helpless traveler in a strange
land of which he knows neither the
highways nor the customs of life. Here
the danger is that he may fall into the
apathy of self-distrust and become a
mere inert, tragic dependent upon the
Government pension, which gives an
ample income to those blinded in the
service.

   He will, unless carefully handled, be-
 come “institutionalized,” mentally and
 physically cramped within the walls of
 this or another refuge.' But the whole
 trend of the Evergreen training is
 against this result. The blind men are
 subtly and constantly incited to look

out beyond the institution, to think and
plan in terms of the outside world, and
to prevision themselves always as natu-
ral and normal participants in the ac-
tivities of life. Thence arises a paradox.
The inmates are devoted to Evergreen;
yet their keenest wish is to get through
with it and out into the main cui'rent
of life.

They Ask No Odds

WHAT do they expect to do there?
In a word, they expect to work and
be paid for it, to play and enjoy it, and
to ask no odds of life in any respect.
When I was asked to visit Evergreen
the best that my imagination could do
with the blind man as an economic
factor was to picture him as a piano
tuner or perhaps a “freak” musi-
cian, or selling pencils or newspapers
on a street corner to sympathetic
patrons.

  The Evergreen graduates are not go-
ing to do a street-corner trade in pity,
though some of the musically inclined
may become expert tuners. There has
been compiled at Evergreen a long and
still growing list of gainful occupations
practicable for the blind. And this
does not include any job that the sight-
less man can do just as a makeshift
and on sufferance. Either he can learn
to do it as well as or better than the
average sighted man, or they won’t
waste their time on his teaching it to
him at Evergreen. Because when one
faculty is lost the others intensify
themselves automatically to compensate
for it, blind people become naturally
more expert than the sighted at cer-
tain pursuits; piano tuning, telephone
receiving, and many forms of the more
delicate manual labor where keen sense
of. touch comes into play. Under the
guidance, sometimes of the staff, some-
times of the blind themselves, I saw the
patients learning typewriting, taking
dictation from the dictaphone, making
furniture, testing and inspecting trac-
tion chains, adjusting electrical mech-
anism, making molds for small iron
and aluminum castings, poultry rais-
ing, practicing horticulture, dairy farm-
ing, bookbinding, and busying them-
selves with a wide range of professional
The National Weekly

43

             *.farminfton

        NorttwilU

x Plymouth

          x\V3yne xW/flnik)!

                    ySible

               X Trenton

Modern Merchandising

   How Motor Trucks Bring the
   Big-City Store to the Country

   Modern transportation methods are carrying
city advantages into the country districts.

  The city merchant—through the medium of
truck deliveries—now offers the benefits of his big
buying power to suburban residents as well.

   Federal trucks are carrying the Suburban De-
liveries of Crowley, Milner CEl Co.—one of Detroit’s
leading department stores—to towns for thirty
miles around.

   They haul loads of furniture and other house-
hold supplies—ensuring punctual delivery even
to the outlying points.

   A striking example, this, of how motor trucks
—Federals in particular—have swept away the
barriers of distance, and pushed the city-limits
back to the suburbanite’s very door.

“Federal 'Traffic News”, a magazine of modern motor

haulage, will be sent on request to responsible executives

FEDERAL MOTOR TRUCK COMPANY

             . DETROIT, MICHIGAN

Suburban Deliveries

...OF...

Crowley,Milner & Co.

          This store has established deliveries throughout the cities
      and on the roads indicated by the above Ynap.

 I

          If you live beyond, or near, the cities indicated by crosses,
       you can arrange lor delivery at some point within the city, and
       you can pick up your packages there, if you wish to do so.

         We are glad to make deliveries on the indicated roads,
      but we cannot, for the present, make deliveries on any other
      roads. This is because the cost is tremendously increased when
      the delivery car must leave the paved roads indicated. Our
      idea is to sell goods as low as we possibly can. A foo-liberal de-
      livery system is very often a severe tax in increased prices on
      the customers of a store.

          In the case of large purchases of household goods, we will
      extend the foregoing limits a little, figuring that the size of the
      purchase takes care of the delivery cost.

         Will our Suburban customers please take care that the
      clerks get their names and addresses correctly—and with as
      much detail as necessary?

          And will you be kind enough to tell your neighbors that-
      we have instituted this service?

One to

                                                                                    _.... ........- — ——— ——. . —. —

If. /V .j m
YOU cannot know the satisfaction of
being comfortably dressed until you
put on Presidents.	#

  A weight, web, width and length for
either dress, business or rough wear. Some
in fine mercerized lisle and silk-faced web-
bing. All with solid-brass trimmings war-
ranted not to stain or rust. Demand the
buckle-marked “President”. Only such
are guaranteed ALL RIGHT ALL WAYS
—or money back. All dealers.

PRESIDENT SUSPENDER CO.

SHIRLEY. MASS.	J

 -jor
 omrort

   Regular Length
   Extra Long,
   Extra Heavy,

TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY

  Enclosed find 30c for which please send one 25 cup standard tin of
Barrington Hall Soluble Coffee to:

Name...........

A ddress---------

Grocer's Name--
Grocer's Address

if IP M   
■n    c   
Si's  Sfc 
its       
i e r ’ s

and business pursuits. One of my
blinded cicerones was at the time com-
pleting his course in anatomy and mas-
sage at Johns Hopkins Medical School,
and already had invitations to estab-
lish himself in half a dozen of the
larger cities, where leading medical men
wanted him, not from any sentimental
or sympathetic feeling, but for the
thoroughly practical reason that he
bids fair to be the best-trained and
most scientific masseur in the country,
and they need him in their practice!

The Victory Store Chain

THE most ambitious and far-reach-
ing of th6 Evergreen projects is the
Victory Store chain. The plan is backed
by a body of business men as a busi-
ness venture promising a good return
on their investment, and the stores
will be established, to start with, in
a number of cities, each store to be
under the management of a blinded sol-
dier or sailor with a stock interest in
the concern and a share in the profits,
besides his salary. Special business
training is given him. He has a
“sighted” assistant, preferably a crip-
pled man from one of the other recon-
struction hospitals. There is to be a
central buying organization for^all the
stores, enabling them to get the benefit
of liberal discounts. But the local man-
ager dictates and is responsible for the
policy and success of his own store. If
he has a wife, fiancee, or sister who
wishes to go into the business with
him, she may come to Evergreen and
take a special course, at the expense of
the Red Cross Institute for the Blind,
in store management, bookkeeping, and
salesmanship.

  The stores will be standardized, so
that 'a manager who has served his
time in the model at Evergreen or
one of the two “proving grounds” in
Baltimore will know his way about in-
stinctively to whatever store in what-
ever city he is assigned. The stock
will be standardized so far as possi-
ble; mainly package goods, cigars, to-
bacco, candy, newspapers and maga-
zines, stationery and specialties; also
articles handmade by the blind at Ever-
green and in other institutions. The
general policy will be to handle nation-
ally advertised articles, all-the-year-
round goods, and stock making a quick
turnover. Each store will be an object
lesson to the public, a local proof of
the fact that the blind man properly
trained needs no pity and asks no odds.
He wants only a fair show. Above all,
he wants to be regarded, not as a freak,
an abnormality, not as a “blind man,”
but as an ordinary human being who
happens to be blind.

Setting the Example

“T3LINKS” is the name they have
XJ given to themselves. At first the
authorities were dubious about it; they
suspected in the jaunty slang an ele-
ment of bravado, a touch of bitterness.
But they did not interfere. It is the
virtue and wisdom of the Evergreen
system not to interfere. Presently it
developed that the term held for those
who had made it their own a peculiar
significance. It was an expression of
solidarity, the shibboleth of the “offi-
cially blind.” It implied something
more than the mere loss of sight. Upon
the full-fledged “blink” devolved a pride
of behavior. He must be cheerful,
amenable, adventurous to try new ex-
periments, confident of his place in
the scheme of things, determined and
optimistic.

  It is his caste mark not only to dis-
regard his handicap, but so to bear
himself that others shall forget it.
Thus he justifies his sacrifice. Sight-
less, he must fit himself to look the
world in the face.

  To aid and inspire him in attaining
this standard, a remarkable and de-
voted staff has been gathered together
by the combined Army Medical Depart-
ment and the Red Cross. It is they
who are primarily responsible for the
wonderfully inspiring atmosphere of
the place. Colonel Bordley, an eye spe-
cialist of long experience and profound
sympathy with the sightless; Charles
F. F. Campbell (referred to in the early

June 14, 1919

part of this article), who volunteered
for the work from the Ohio State School
for the Blind; L. W. Wallace, one of the
nation’s leading exponents of vocational
guidance, whose special concern it is
to plan out the placing of the men in
the economic world; John Earle Uhler
of the staff of the Johns Hopkins Uni-
versity, whose special enthusiasm for
aiding the handicapped brought him
into the work; James Conway, auditor
of the Liggett Company chain stores;
A. B. Segur, the industrial engineer,
whose survey of the industrial world’s
opportunities for the blind, deaf, and
crippled forms a landmark in the ad-
vance along this line; and a score of
specialists and experts in such practi-
cal departments as typewriting, Braille
reading, music, gymnastics, and the
various crafts: forming a faculty such
as has probably never been equaled in
any similar institution. The equipment
is on a par with the personnel. The
secluded and beautiful hundred-acre
country place, contributed by Mrs. T.
Harrison Garrett of Baltimore to the
work, has been supplied for the special
educational purposes, with a gymna-
sium with swimming pool, schoolrooms,
workshops, and the like, the result be-
ing an almost perfect plant.

  And for what? The training of a
mere handful of men. For, happily,
the number of Americans who made to
the war cause the greatest sacrifice
short of life itself is inconsiderable;
less than two hundred, total. Economi-
cally so great an outlay of money and
personal effort as that represented at
Evergreen could hardly be justified
were the work to cease with the edu-
cation and reestablishment of these few
sufferers, since it could be reasonably
argued that an equal expenditure would
achieve greater benefit to a much larger
number along other lines, such as re-
claiming consumptives in the early
stages, for example. But it is not in-
tended that the scope of the work
should be limited to the blinded men
of the service. What each man, when
he graduates to his place in the world
of action, will represent is not only
the rehabilitation of the individual, but
also an object lesson to the public and
a proof that there is a chance in life
for the most tragic class of helpless
and joyless folk alive, the eighty thou-
sand disregarded victims of blindness
scattered about and pushed aside in
forgotten nooks and corners of the
country.

  Except in a few enlightened and pro-
gressive State institutions, mainly de-
voted to children, nothing has been
done for these sufferers. They may
fiddle at country fairs and we will, of
our charity, toss a dime * i the cup.
They may squat on city corners, and
we will stop long enough to buy a pair
of shoe laces which we do not want.
Beyond that we cannot be bothered
thinking of them. No one thinks of
them, except the kind of practical ideal-
ists who make up the working force
of Evergreen. They are now thinking
into the future when all the present
undergraduates of the place shall have
completed their courses and have taken
their place in the outer world. Then,
automatically, the duties of the Surgeon
General’s office of the War Department
will conclude. But the Red Cross can
continue, and intends to continue, with
those eighty thousand darkened lives to
draw from for material.

“Curtains for Benny99

LET me get back to my “blinks.” For
i they have their views, too, as to
this matter of their less fortunate civil-
ian fellows, views which may fairly be
assumed to be expert opinion. The pri-
vate who had been typing a “cheer-up”
letter in Braille to the prospectively
surprised blind lady at home whom he
did not know, had brought down the
epistle in the evening for comment and
criticism. It started something.

  “What does the lady do?” asked the
marine.

  “Do? Nothin’, I guess. What’d you
expect?”

  “Just about that,” returned1 the ma-
rine thoughtfully.

  “I knew a real old lady,” remarked

 BarringtoiY'Hall

   SOLUBLE Coffee
“Good-bye, Old

 Coffee Pot! ”

  Put away your coffee pot and
make coffee the new and easier
way with Barrington Hall Soluble
Coffee. Just add water and serve.

It dissolves instantly.

  If you have not yet tried Bar-
rington Hall Soluble Coffee, tear
out the coupon below and send it
to us with your grocer’s name and
30c. By return mail we will send
you a standard tin (25 cup size).

  Barrington Hall Soluble Coffee
is Baker-ized Barrington Hall Cof-
fee concentrated to a crystallized
powder. You will be delighted
with its smooth, delicious flavor.

  It is packed in medium 45c
vacuum-sealed glass jars as well
as in standard 30c tins and costs
no more per cup than any other
good coffee. The coupon below
with 30c brings the standard tin.

BAKER IMPORTING COMPANY,

Medium Jar of
Barrington Hall
Soluble Coffee
Equal to a Pound
of Baker-ized
Barrington Hall
Coffee.

240 North Second Street, Minneapolis
125 HUDSON STREET, NEW YORK
The National Weekly

45

Camels are sold everywhere
in scientifically sealed pack-
ages of 20 cigarettes, or 10
packages (.200 cigarettes) in
a glassi ne - paper- covered
carton. We strongly recom-
mend this carton for home or
office supply or when you
travel.

18 cents
a package

R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.

'Winston-Salem. N. C.

CAMELS quickly capture your
favor because they are made to
meet your taste ! You do not have
to cultivate a liking for this expert
blend of choice Turkish and choice
Domestic Tobaccos!

  You start right in on Camels as
though you had been smoking and
enjoying them for a year! Your test
will prove that!

  From the very beginning, Camels
have won their way readily because
the expert blend makes possible to
cigarette smokers such unusual
satisfaction. It accounts for the
desirable “full-bodied” mellow-
ness! Camels are free from tongue-

bite and harshness and any unpleas-
ant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleasant

                                                                                              ft

cigaretty odor.

  Camels are so expertly blended—
and, so appetizing, and so refreshing!
And, never fear of Camels tiring your
taste! That flavor and fragrance be-
come more thoroughly enjoyable all
the time!

 When you have smoked a few
Camels you’ll realize the value is in
the cigarettes and you will not look
for or expect coupons, premiums or
gifts. So confident are we that you
will like Camels that we ask you to
compare them with any cigarette in
the world at any price!
46

Collier's

t

J

Judge a Fan

The breeze starts with the motor.
That’s the big thing to remem-
ber when buying a fan.

Of equal importance is the name
of the maker. If the name is
Robbins & Myers then you know
that your electric fan is built
throughout by a maker of
motors.

Fan durability is a matter of
motor excellence. A fan should
last a lifetime — and it will if
the motor is right.

So, for utmost comfort and
economy, look for the R&M
flag on the guard, a guarantee
of the motor back of the blades.

An R&M Fan is a friend for
years, for every Robbins & Myers
Fan is warranted as to work-
manship, performance and
durability.

All sizes and styles: ceiling, desk,
wall, oscillating, non-oscillat-
ing, ventilating; for home, office,

factory; for operation on direct
or alternating current.

Judge a fan by its motor; and
the motor by the name —
Robbins & Myers.

*	* •

R8cM Motors for general power
purposes range from 1-40 to 50
horsepower. They are also found
on the better electrically
equipped devices for factory,
store, home and office.

A Robbins & Myers Motor on
any such device is a guarantee of
superior construction through-
out, as well as of uninterrupted
service.

Power users, electrical device
makers and dealers find an un-
usual trustworthiness in the
Robbins & Myers line, the re-
sult of 22 years’ achievement in
this one field.

The Robbins & Myers Company, Springfield, O.

For T'wenty-t'iuo Years Makers of Quality Fans and Motors
Branches in All Principal Cities

n of aBreeie

June 14, 1919

Sid, the corporal, “a blink since ten
years ago. She knit for seven years
until she’d knit everything there was
for everybody she knew, and then she
just lay back and got ready to die.”
“Didn’t have anything to do but die,
I reckon,” surmised Sergeant Zim.

  “That’s it. The war saved her life,
all right. She turned out stuff for the
Red Cross and Belgian Relief so fast
that they wouldn’t believe one person
could do it all, and so good that they
used it as models to work by. She’s
been the happiest old girl you ever saw
since the war.”

  “Sure!” assented the marine. “It’s
having a job to do that keeps you
going.”

  “A job with some real use to it; that’s
what gives you a hold on things,”
amended Cal. “Did you guys ever
think,” he pursued in that hesitant and
semiapologetic tone wherein youth pro-
pounds its philosophy, “that we never
stopped to think whether we were go-
ing to be any use in the game before
we got bumped. Anyway, I didn’t.”
There was a murmur of assent.

  “But now that I’m a blink,” pur-
sued the philosopher, gaining assur-
ance, “I’ve got the honest-toil bug the
worst way. I’d go batty, sure, if I
couldn’t work for my living.”

  “There’s the twenty-five per, any-
way,” observed a voice, referring to
the governmental weekly pension to the
totally blinded.

  Cal said something violent and quite
unjust to the Government’s liberality.

  “What good is it to you when you
don’t have the feel of working for it?”
demanded Buck, and capped his chal-
lenge with a reminiscence. “I used to
go to school with a gink whose folks
were rich. They gave a Fourth of July
picnic, and he was running the fire-
works. He rubbered into a set piece
to see why it didn’t go off, and it did.
Curtains for poor old Benny! Well,
they bought him an automobile, and
they bought him a sail boat, and they
took him on trips, and they bought him
a guide to trot him around, and they
did everything for him but teach him
a job. So, on his twenty-first birthday,
he went up to the bathroom and got
hold of the wrong bottle of tooth wash,
and it happened to be a chloroform mix-
ture, and I was a bearer at the funeral.
It was an accidental death. The coro-
ner said so.”

  “Of course,” assented the group so-
berly.

  “Now, if we could have had him here,”
commiented the marine.

 “Sure!” said Jake. “He wouldn’t
have made that mistake about the
bottles—here.”

Rounding Up the Blinks

THERE was a sound of hard breath-
ing from the edge of the circle where
sat the gob. I judged, from my vantage
point in the conservatory, that he was
thinking back a few hours, and that
there were fear and shame and relief in
his thought. His face was the face of
one who suddenly sees in visible form
the evil spirit that was cast out of him.
“When I get home,” announced Cal,
“I’m going to round up all the blinks I
can find and tell ’em about this place.”
“What’s the good?” asked Jake.
“They won’t take ’em here unless
they’re in the service. They can’t.”
“I’ll bet they will,” asserted Cal,
“when we get out. They’ve got to.
They aren’t going to lay down on a
big job like this when it’s only just
started. Anyway, this is my college
and I’m going out to give the yell and
toll the people in.”

  “Well, fellow blinks”—Zim got up
and stretched his powerful, clean-built
form preparatory to delivering himself
of the inevitable and threadbare jest of
the service, which is so much more than
a jest because of the solid conviction
underlying it—“it’s a great life if you
don’t weaken.”

  They don’t weaken; not the blinks.
They are going out with a gospel for
their afflicted fellows, a gospel of self-
support, self-dependence, self-respect.
For in this new dispensation, if the
blind lead the blind, both shall come
to the goal.
The Eclipse
Handicap

Continued from page 21

  “All of which is interesting,” Omar
said, “until it begins reaching out for
the remains of my auto money. Then
I get into it and you can hear me yell-
ing for miles.”

  At this point Harmony encountered
his first rough sledding, because Omar
refused flatly to have anything to do
with the Tia Juana enterprise. Our
leader argued, threatened, cajoled, and
pleaded. He pointed to the fact that
the plan was an open-and-shut cinch,
wherein we stood no chance to lose a
cent. We entered our horse, put down
our bets at a hundred to one, or may-
be better, and then automatically col-
lected our winnings. It took four
hours. At the end of that time little
Omar moaned piteously and signified
that he would pay our expenses down
to Tia Juana.

  “Why, you talk as if I was borrow-
ing money from you,” Harmony said
sharply, when it was over. “I am
about to make a fortune for you, and
you ought to be down on your knees
thanking me.”	•

  Hurrying over the preliminaries, we
shipped Gallops in a commodious box
car and left Oakland in the same, shar-
ing it with the horse because Omar de-
clined to buy us regular transporta-
tion. On that trip Omar found an-
other genuine worry.

  “Did you ever think- what a small
horse Gallops is?” he demanded of
Harmony.

  “What’s that got to do with it?”
Harmony asked. “They don’t judge
horse races by the size of the horse.”
“I know,” Omar grunted, “but we’re
going to race our horse on a day when
it gets dark. He’s a small horse, and
if this eclipse gets too durned dark, and
if the finish is anyways close, maybe
the judges won’t be able to see him.
Where would we be then, with my
money up, hey? Suppose some large,
high horse gets between the judge’s
stand and Gallops and it’s pretty dark?
What then?”

  “You can certainly find a lot of orig-
inal things to fret about,” Harmony re-
plied. “This is an eclipse we’re talking
about—not a midnight affair. Eclipses
make things partly dark.”

1869-1919

50th anniversary—fifty years of progress

Science has taken
the guesswork out
of repairing leaky
radiators

              •RANTEED l-

                 •gCOMPtY wit)
                 „»5 THRpitSnOlf.

In bottles,filled and sealed in the

Heinz establishment

                           A fine, mellow, aromatic vinegar
                           will develop the natural flavor of
                           every vegetable and salad it
                           touches.

                         Heinz Vinegars are made of
                       the best materials and aged in
                       wood until they have a flavor that
                       is unmistakable.

Pints, quarts and half-gallons,
Malt, Cider, White

 WHY doesn’t it occur to
 some car owners that
 “guesswork” is ancient
 history around a motor car?

    They ought to know that sol-
  dering a leak is a risky job. The
  high heat of the soldering torch
  Weakens the radiator. If the leaks
  are hard to get at they are never
  repaired right. And after laying up
  the car for three or four days—
  and paying a bill a.lywhere up to
  $25 — what guarantee is there
  that the radiator won’t leak
  again—soon?

    In addition to the economy of it
  —an “X” Liquid repair is quicker,
  and more scientific than soldering.
  It gets to the places that solder
  can’t reach. Whether there is one
  leak or a thousand—whether these
  leaks are in the radiator, pump,
  connections, gaskets, water-
  jacket, etc.—“X” Liquid makes
  a permanent repair in 10 minutes.

    And if “X” Liquid is left in the
  water it positively prevents future
  leaks everywhere in the cooling system.

Improves Engine Performance—
Reduces Upkeep Costs

   The same "X” Liquid left in
  the water after the leaks are re-
  paired loosens the Rust and Scale
  already formed. “X” absorbs all
  the free oxygen in the water and
  prevents new rust from forming.
  It also prevents the lime and
  magnesia in the water from de-
  positing scale on the metal walls.

   In this way, “X” keeps the
  narrow water spaces free and
  clean. It eliminates considerable
  over-heating. It helps the motor
  work much better. It reduces
  the consumption of oil. And helps
  get more mileage from gasoline.

 Not a Radiator Cement!

     Don’t confuse “X” Liquid with radi-
  ator cements, flaxseed meals and other
  “dopes” in powder or liquid form-
  many of which clog the cooling system
  and ruin it. “X” is a scientific process
  for repairing and improving the cooling
  system.

 Large Size, $1.50

will do a $25 repair job!

 Ford Size, 75c

will do a $10 repair job!

     At your dealer’s—or we will mail direct
   on receipt of price and dealer’s name.

~X* LABORATORIES

646 Washington Street Boston, Mass.

Pacific Con si Branch
433 Itialto Illdg., San Francisco, Cal.

HEINZ

Imported

Olive Oil

PURE MALT

VINEGAR

  JBf. 1000 PRODUCTS

 cjHMzCMttmifi&i

     M

‘S? r ' Vto	.

When olive oil is as pure and
wholesome, as rich and full fla-
vored as Heinz makes it, the suc-
cess of a salad in which it
is used is assured. Made in
Spain under Heinz super-
% vision.

Baked Beans, Spaghetti,
Tomato Ketchup, India Relish

                               Some of the

QNE QUART

WE arrived in Tia Juana without
adventure, unloaded Gallops with
care, and stored him away in a stable
with a competent attendant, and then
sat around to wait for three o'clock on
the afternoon of Thursday, the 12th of
August. When it became noised abroad
that Gallops was entered by H. Childs
in the Empire Handicap, which was
the official name of the race, the San
Diego newspapers indulged in humor-
ous comment and the race fans grinned
derisively. Entering Gallops in a race
was regarded as the equivalent to pour-
ing gold coins over Niagara Falls.

  Harmony engaged a capable boy to
give our popeyed steed a daily workout,
and as this occurred in broad daylight,
there was no chance that our precious
secret would leak out. Of the automo-
bile money, Omar still had something
over four hundred left. I remember
that the races were largely attended
that year, betting was heavy, and the
ring was full of prosperous bookmak-
ers. With everything looking bright
and cheerful, Omar continued to fret.

  “Yeah, but just how dark will it be?”
he asked Harmony repeatedly and
nervously.

  “Just like it gets at dusk,” our
leader replied. “What for do you keep
on pestering me about that?”

  “Because Gallops is so all-fired lit-
tle,” Omar insisted, “and likewise, be-
cause all this dough which we are about
to wager is the sole remains of my
automobile. I was fond of that auto-
mobile, and I’d like to buy it back
some day.

 “An eclipse,” Harmony explained
gently, “is a partial obscurity of the
sun, producing a semi-daylight condi-
tion. bordering on dusk. It is different

Every drop
awakens flavor

                                                                                                                                '-1 iiT

TRADE

makes all wafer
cooling systems

All Heinz goods sold in Canada are packed in Canada

The National Weekly	u
  S. ihe ieeth SA

from nighttime. It will be just dark
enough for Gallops to run one of his
high-speed races, and that means we
cash in without further ado. Now say
no more.”

  “All right,” Omar returned, but I
could see that he was still anxious, in
spite of repeated assurances.

  “You know how it is, George,” he
confided to me, as the fateful 12th
drew nigh. “It’s all my money and
it’s all of it. If we lose that four hun-
dred, we’re cooked. I don’t want that
horse overlooked by any near-sighted
judges in case the finish is a close one.”
I added my solace to the words of
Harmony, and so the situation drifted
along, until Thursday morning was
upon us.

OF course the previous racing rec-
ord of our entry was known to the
fraternity, and on Thursday we had
to stand for fresh joshing. Also on
Thursday morning, our first bit of
hard luck dropped in for a call. The
jockey employed by Harmony in the
regular way to ride Gallops, fell off
a stable roof and broke his leg. Har-
mony heard the news and started at
once to locate another jockey, because
if we failed to get Gallops into the
three a’clock race we would have to
wait for the next eclipse, and eclipses
are none too plentiful anywhere.

  I likewise hurried hither and yon
looking for a rider, but it was Omar
who trotted into the stable along to-
ward noon, towing behind him a green
jockey named Schwartz, whom he had
dug up in San Diego. He was a dough-
faced looking individual, but he was a
jockey.

  “Can you ride a horse?” Harmony
asked, looking him over with a doubt-
ful eye.

  “Sure,” said Schwartz complacently.
“If I can’t ride a horse, then nobody
can’t. I only weigh ninety-six pounds.”
“And ninety-five of it is below your
chin too,” Harmony commented, staring
hard at Omar’s find. “However, we
have got to have a jockey. Go in there
and get acquainted with Gallops.”

  “I suppose,” Omar said some time
later, “that you want me to bet every
dollar of the cash we have left.”
“Certainly,” said Harmony. “How
much is there?”

  “About four hundred and a quarter.”
“The three of us will split that and
spread it thin over the ring,” Har-
mony went on. “Gallops is always a
hundred to one, so it makes between
forty and fifty thousand we win.”

  “It’s all right,” said Omar, “only
we’ve got to remember that Gallops is
a mighty small horse. And this is my
last four hundred. Remember that?”
“We got a fine chance of forgetting
it,” I said a little peevishly. “A fine
chance.”

  I	remember now that some time that
morning, between nine and noon, Omar
was mysteriously missing, and I
searched for him in vain. He reap-
peared at lunch, and his nervousness
seemed to have gone. He spoke of the
approaching race with something akin
to confidence, and when it came time
for him to unbelt and share the morjey
with us, so that we could spread it
over the ring, he did so without a pro-
test. It was entirely unlike Omar.

  As for Harmony, that urbane gent
was acting as though the race was al-
ready run and we were standing in line
in some good bank, waiting for the man
to change our fortune into large bills.

  “There’s a nice summer hotel up at
Monterey that I’ve had my eye on for
a long time,” he said cheerfully. “We
can buy that place for about twenty
thousand dollars, and it’s an estab-
lished money maker. I’d like to go into
the hotel business for a year or two.”
“I’d like a home myself,” Omar
agreed. “My idea of heaven is to live
in a room costing twelve dollars a day
and not be charged anything for it.”

THE three of us watched the early
races with but languid interest.
Harmony gave the final instructions to
Schwartz, and they were indeed simple
and comprehensible to the most ele-
mental natures. Schwartz was merely

      Summer Out fa

Summer Excursion Fares

    To /National Parks and Resorts of tha^csb

     Here are lakes and streams, for fishing. Here you can
   climb snow-cappcd mountains, descend canyon trails, or
   bathe in the blue Pacific. Here, too, you can “rough it,”
   off the beaten path.

     Your outing in the West also may include glaciers and
   geysers—big trees and petrified forests—Indian pueblos
   and prehistoric ruins. Fine motor roads everywhere, and
   resort hotels.

              Complete information, including illustrated booklets, may be obtained
            free. Ask your local ticket agent to help you plan your trip—or apply
            to the nearest Consolidated Ticket Office—or address the nearest Travel
            Bureau, advising what National Parks, or what section of the Rockies,
            the Pacific Coast, or the Northern Lakes you are interested in.

  • United States • Railroad -Administration •

                            Travel Bureau
  646 Transportation Bldg., Chicago
  Travel Bureau Travel Bureau
  143 Liberty St., New York City	______________602 Healey Building, Atlanta

                   Deformities
                   of the Back

                                                        Greatly benefited or en-
                                                        tlIe'y (:uiei' t^e Philo

Kf ' llj5: :	30,000 cases suc-

                                                       cessfully treated in our
                                        Bik	experience of over 17

years is absolute proof of

         No matter how serious your
         deformity, no matter what treat-
         ments you have tried, think of
         the thousands of sufferers this method has
         made well and happy. We will prove thevalue
         of the Philo Burt Method in your own case.

     The Philo Burt Appliance
     on 30 Days’ Trial

            Since you run no risk there is
          no reason why you should not
          accept our offer at once.

            The photographs her© show how
          light, cool, elastic and easily adjust-
          able the Philo Burt Appliance is— JPPI
          how different from the old tor-
          taring plaster, leather or steel
          jackets. To weakened or de- mjSbr*.
          formed spines it brings almost	\ 'M

immediate relief even in the	iv.

          most serious cases. You owe it^HHp^:’J .
          to yourself to investigate it M|
          thoroughly.^ The price is within

Send for our Free Book today	J

                                and describe the nature and	-ftW

                                          condition of your trouble as AmT
                                          fully as possible so we can give
                                          you definite information.	SrSjfe;^’

                                  PHILO BURT MFG. CO.

                                                401Y Odd Fellows Bide., Jamestown, N.Y.	^

Cleans every part
of every tooth every
time it’s used. And
“A Clean Tooth
Never Decays.”
Always sold in the
Yellow Box.

FLORENCE ^8
MFG. CO. jig

Florence, Mass. IIM

Canadian Address : cj|||*

425 Coristlne Bldg. Jjjfll
Montreal, Can.

out of your porch—

IT can be made the favorite
 gathering place for all the

family— a delightful outdoor room
—if it is made cozy and attractive by
proper use of Porch Shades. Our
free “Book of Porches” tells you
how to do it. shows you how others
have beautified porches of all kinds
and sizes with Aerolux Porch Shades.

  This book explains, too, why
Aerolux Porch Shades give you
greater comfort and longer wear than
ordinary shades.

     Write for this book—you will find
^ it interesting and you will not be
K obligated in any way.

The Aeroshade Company

l	Sfi	923 Oakland Ave.

\	If	Waukesha. Wis.

Brush Your
UpperTeethl I
Downward 111

 I] Your1*Lower
 Teeth Upward
The National Weekly

49

FEATHER-WEIGHT * . FLAT-I^NIT

Union Sui ts

                                                                • ■

                             I

 THE man who has
 never worn Lastlong

 Flat-Knit Union Suits is
 invited to avoid much
 discomfort during the
 warm spell by wearing
 them.

   They are knitted
 from yarn so fine that
 an athletic style, size
 40, weighs but six ounces
 and yet theyare durable.

    This means cool com-
 fort because this flat-knit
 fabric allows perspira-
 tion to evaporate — no
 damp, clammy feeling.

   Those who know pre-
 fer inexpensive Lastlong
 flat-knit suits instead of
 expensive imported un-
 derwear.

    Madein ankle length,
 three-quarter and ath-
 letic styles for men and
 boys.

    If your dealer hasn’t
 them in stock, send us
 his name and we will see
 that you are supplied.

   Booklet and sample
 of the fabric sent on
 request.

Lastlong Underwear Co.

349 Broadway, New York
Dept. 2

to sit on Gallops and hit him with the
whip when the race began, sending
him out in front of the other five
horses and keeping him in that rela-
tive position for the entire mile and
a quarter. There was no finesse or
generalship demanded of Schwartz,
which was a good thing.

  “Hit him with the whip, and then
keep on hitting him,” was Harmony’s
parting command, and after Schwartz
promised to do so the three of us de-
scended upon the unsuspecting betting
ring to take forty thousand dollars
away from those sharks in human form.

  The scheduled eclipse came along
just as announced in the newspapers,
and from noon on it grew darker stead-
ily. It was that queer, unnatural
darkness that is slightly like evening,
but not quite, and it gave precisely
the sort of lighting arrangement that
suited our race horse. By the time the
Empire Handicap came around you
could just see from the ring up to the
stands, and Harmony rubbed his hands
with the joyous self-appreciation of a
man who knows his worth.

  On every book, poor old Gallops was
a joke entry and his price was one
hundred to one, except in a few cases
where you were allowed to bet three
or four bucks at two hundred to one.

I	hurried from book to book, laying my
wagers and off in the distance I could
see Harmony and Omar doing likewise.
About five minutes before the horses
stepped out to face the barrier, the
three of us got together in the grand
stand and, after discussing the figures
with me and Omar, Harmony took a
piece of lead pencil and a program and
figured that we won forty-three thou-
sand dollars.

  “In cash,” Harmony said gleefully.
“That’s the best of it. Real money to
buy things with.”

  The barrier then went up suddenly.
The race began, and there is no need
for a painfully detailed description of
it, because it worked out precisely
as Harmony planned. When the six
horses jumped away from the barrier,
Gallops sort of volplaned into the air
and when he landed on four feet, he
was the seventh part of a mile out in
front of those hounds and was already
a winner. Anyone could see that.

  “Now,” said Harmony, turning to
Omar, “you can see for yourself that
this eclipse isn’t as dark as you feared.
There is no chance that the judges will
overlook Gallops.”

  “You said a hatful,” admitted Omar.
“There’s one thing I am sure of.”

WE watched the parade as it dashed
by the grand stand, with our night-
running wonder out in front, and going
like a runaway comet. All around us
were exclamations of surprise, with
people asking each other if that was
Gallops leading; and then the shocked
answers in the affirmative. We saw
the procession disappear into the
murky turn, with our noble steed in-
creasing his lead, and the other beetles
bunched far behind.

  In the betting ring, the Shylocks
watched the miracle and we could hear
their profane lamentations up in the
stand. We waited patiently for the
spectacle to emerge from the eclipse
and dust into the home stretch, and
when the runners once more appeared,

I	saw with glad content that Gallops
was leading by the length of a rifle
shot. It was all over.

  Harmony freed himself of a joyous
cheer, and Omar unbelted a yell of
triumph. I was just on the point of
making some noise on my own hook,
when I turned and gazed down on the
track. I then saw something that has
never been beaten in the annals of
American race tracks. With my mouth
wide open in readiness for the unyelled
yell, I saw that young Mr: Schwartz, our
substitute jockey, had burst into flame,
as it were. He was surrounded with
an aura of light and came down the
home stretch like a Salvation Army
Christmas tree. Around his neck there
glowed a row of electric bulbs, casting
their radiance hither and yon, lighting
up the scene most effectively, and call-
ing the judges’ attention to the fact

 Aids Digestion

RAPID eating, keeping the brain
constantly at work during meal
time, and bad cookery—these
lay the foundation for the conditions
that nine out of every ten Americans
suffer from. The food is imperfectly
masticated, there is an insufficient
flow of saliva, and the inevitable re-
sult is seen in the various mild forms
of indigestion with which we are all
familiar.

  Under such conditions there is
nothing better than the routine use
of my original pepsin chewing gum.
It stimulates the salivary glands, in-
sures sufficient saliva, relaxes nerve
tension, and aids the digestive proc-
esses.

  Thousands have avoided minor
digestive troubles by the simple ex-
pedient of chewing Beeman’s Pepsin
Gum for ten to twenty minutes after
each meal.

New York

AMERICAN CHICLE COMPANY

Cleveland Chicago Kansas Gty San Francisco
 caution

tr-ide

     name

fVT ex<!us*ve Pr°J

 l‘c Company- P*
on every
/Hfe article, it i*
against sm W*

e r’ s

that Schwartz and Gallops were now
winning a horse race.

  Gallops came down the stretch to
the wire bedecked with twinkling lights
and passed under the wire, ten good
lengths in front of the second horse.

  There was a surprised murmur in
the stand, because none of those hard-
boiled racegoers had ever before wit-
nessed a lit-up jockey coming home on
an illuminated horse. I glanced over
toward Harmony Childs and beheld a
pitiful sight. He was clinging weakly
to a pillar and had turned the color
of fresh ashes. A few seats off, Omar
Gill arose with a glad, brisk smile,
gave vent to a shriek of triumph and
started down for the betting ring, in-
tending to begin the collection of large
sums of money.

  There was a terrible shindy down
on the track a moment later with at-
tendants attacking Schwartz and drag-
ging him from his mount. The as-
tounded judges sent for our jockey and
shrieked at him. Harmony and I crept
into the crowd and when Schwartz be-
gan to talk to the judges, it was clear
enough. He stated briefly that Mr.
Gill, part owner of the horse, had or-
dered him to wear a wiring system and
pocket battery and to turn on the juice
coming down the stretch.

  “What for?” yelled an astonished
judge.

  “So’s you’d be sure to see me,” said
Schwartz, and then they pulled him
off Gallops and disqualified him.

ON modern race tracks there is a
strong prejudice against jockeys and
horses carrying a full electric equip-
ment, so the officials took about a min-
ute to rule Gallops out of that race en-
tirely. It was just the same as though
he had never run. They gave the Em-
pire Handicap to a skate named Phelo-
pian which had finished a block behind
our night runner. Harmony had the
blind staggers at this point, and I led
him around behind the stand and into
the yard where the cars start for San
Diego. Omar was nowhere. So was
our forty-three thousand dollars.

  On the way back to the hotel, where
we owed quite a bill, Harmony slunk
back in the corner of a seat, with an
unlighted cigarette drooping from his
lower lip. He looked as miserable as
I felt.

  “George,” he said finally, as we ap-
proached town, “when Omar was a
boy he fell off a high bridge. Nothing
saved his life but the fact that he fell
into the water, which was about nine
feet deep. He hurt himself quite a bit.
And it was too bad.”

  “Too bad he hurt himself?” I asked
in surprise.

  “No,” said Harmony, “too bad there
was any water in that river.”

  Then we got off the car and walked
into the hotel, just three meals away
from death by Glow starvation.

Lotus Salad

Continued from page 22

metal. The garden was sleepy, pow-
dered with dusty gold sunlight and
sweet with the scent of flowers. There
was a faint breath of air from the sea.
Presently Signor Pug and Miss Diego
wandered away and sat on the rim of
an old fountain and splashed each other
and laughed. Cavanaugh was left
alone with his victim. Diego, drawing
his chair closer, offered him a cigar
and asked his advice—would it be bet-
ter to ignore the revolutionary element,
or did Mr. Cavanaugh think it wiser
to attack Cammarillo before his army
had assumed dangerous proportions? A
ticklish business. And so much at stake
—the prosperity of the country, many
lives, foreign prestige.

  “As a distinguished American,” Diego
said, “a man of science, a thinker—
what do you advise?”

  Cavanaugh groaned. “Strike!” he
almost shouted. “Kill that dago before
he kills you. He’s dangerous. I know
what I’m talking about.”

  He got to his feet and swayed, bal-
anced on his trembling legs like a gro-
tesque scarecrow. He had put his hand

June 14, 1919

v BY v
GRATIFIED
NATIONS

Turn to it every day for
comfort and economy

hot or cold

    A THERMOS
LUNCH KIT for
your food—A THERMOS
Bottle for your drink—and
THERMOS magic to keep
them furnace hot or freez-
ing cold as your heart de-
sires, that’s the sum and
substance of the THER-
MOS story!

 Use Thermos Whether
 Lunch Kit, Bottle, Jugs,
 Carafes, and Food Jars

Keeps food and drink hot or
cold as they come from the
oven or the ice-box and keeps
them that way for hours, cooked
to a turn or frozen to a finish,
whenever, wherever, however
served!

    Awarded Grand Prize at all
    In terna tional Expositions

  American Thermos Bottle Company

35-37 West 31st St.	New York, N. Y.

Factories: Norwich, Conn., Toronto, Canada

When you visit New York this summer

Golf—a truly “he-man’s” course, sporty in
the extreme. Horseback-spirited horses
and miles of splendid roads. Tennis—no
better courts anywhere. Motoring’— the
finest of cars at your service for an after-
noon’s tour of the beautiful Croton Lakes.
Swimming—a wonderfully inviting pool.
Cuisine—famous for seventeen years. Danc-
ing and Music9 of course.

There’s a quiet, gracious air of genuine
hospitality about the Lodge that will make
you readily understand why the same
guests return year after year. Write today
for illustrated booklet and rates.

spend the week-end at beautiful Briarcliff,
overlooking the majestic Hudson among
the picturesque hills of Westchester. Away
from the noise, and heat of overcrowded
Manhattan, Briarcliff Lodge bids you
welcome.

Only 28 miles from the heart of the city,
Briarcliff Lodge is ideally situated on a
hilltop with a wonderful scenic panorama
stretching away for miles in every direc-
tion. There’s a charm about this glorious
country hostelry that thrills.

 And if it’s recreation rather than rest
you seek—

!BRIARCLIFF MANOR, N. Y

         N. Y. Office. 102 Madison Ave.
   wf	Phono 7070 Murray Hill

AV Branch Office, PEARL & CO.
*9	Members N. Y. Stock Exchange

      For Sixty years the leading American Business College —will qualify any ambition**,
Intelligent young: man or woman for a paying position In a single year (or less). If you
want to get a start and can afford the preparation which assures promo-
tion, Eastman can help you. Finishing vocational couises in Accounting,
Hanking, Civil Service, Penmanship, Stenography, Typewriting, Business
English, Advertising, Salesmanship, etc., taught by experienced, efficient,
and faithful teachers. Exceptional opportunities for self-help and advance-
ment to capable young people of high character. Individual training for
persons who need to be interested, encouraged, taught how to study, and made self-
reliant. Special rates to good musicians. Moderate expenses. New 'students enrol and begin
work any week day. No vacations. Summer term begins July 7. Write for prospectus. Address

     CLEMENT C. GAINES. M. A., LL.D., Box %5. Poughkeepsie. N. Y.

iwtwsxmniww,

Its antiseptic, germ-proof
film dries almost instantly
but resists wear and wash-
ing for many days.

It is a convenient “first
aid” for cuts, scrapes and
all minor skin injuries.

“Never Neglect
a Break in the Skin"

Be sure you get
genuine New-
Skin, not an
inferior substi-
tute.

All Druggists —
i 5 and 30 cents.

f AST1SCFTIC
WATtftPRoor

NEWSKIN CO
NEW YORK

A*Tj*cpr»c

“Orthopedic”
Keeps Good Feet Good

You who have feet free from corns,
callouses, bunions, sagging arches
or other foot troubles should aim
to keep them that way.

The Orthopedic is a natural foot-
formed shoe, with the hygi- ^
enic toe and an easy tread,
allowing freedom to
the foot muscles and
mild support to the yjJyBHk
arch and ankle.

 If you have good Hgfl
feet. Orthopedic will Ih4
keep them good.
if they are not.

Or t hoped i c
will help

them. In	JH

ordering

address	.jtrr

Dept. H.

James S. Coward

262-274 Greenwich Street, N.Y.

'Near Warren Street)

Sold Nowhere Else

Just Fifteen Minutes a Day,

if devoted to Dr. Eliot’s Five-Foot Shelf of Books, will give
any ambitious person the fundamentals of a liberal educa-
tion. Ask for free booklet. No obligation. Address De-
partment D, Collier’s, 116 W. 13th Street, New York City.
The National Weekly

51

 Send No
 Money

Don’t buy an ordinary bicyclc. Get
die Black Beauty—factory direct;
wholesale price. Magnificent wheel
Strongest, raciest in allcyclcdom.

Rue-year guarantee.

  18 Exclusive Features

See the wheel before paying a cent.,

Get our Catalog; select your
model. 20 Styles. We ship at our
own risk. Keep or return. No
waiting to save up money. Months
to pay—small amount on accept-
ance, then $1 a week.

              Get our factory prices
Minanes first. Lowest in the
country. Tires, lamps, horns, etc.”
Everythin? for cyclists. Free Sundries Catalog.

          HAVERFORD CYCLE CO.
          Dept.Ab63 Philadelphia

Beautiful New

Catalog in colors

Ship’d on
Approval
Freight
Prepaid

Flor DE

MELBA

The Cigar Supreme

I. LEWIS CIGAR MFG. CO. I A
  Newark, N. J., Makers 1UC

FOR SALE EVERYWHERE

no*

P. F. COLLIER & SON, Inc., Publishers

Thomas L. Briggs, President; A. C. G. Hammesfahr,
Vice President and General Manager; G. J. Kennedy,
Vice President; F. H. Rice, Vice President; A. B.
Casey, Treasurer; George M. O’Neil, Secretary, 416
West 13th St., New York, N. Y.; 6 Henrietta St.,

London, W. C.

It’s a Big Economizer of Money and Space—

Dr. Eliot’s famous Five-Foot Shelf of Books Every great
thinker has in one or two characteristic works covered his
main idea—given us his basic thought. At least find out
about this famous library, so widely known and read. Book-
let Free. Dept. K, P. F. Collier A Son, 416 W. 13th St., N Y.

in his coat pocket and had found that
his revolver was still there! For an in-
stant he saw the gracious, white-whisk-
ered President through a mist. Signor
Pug’s back was turned. There was
nothing to prevent the firing of the
historical shot which would rid Magella
of—of a benevolent dictator. Nothing,
that is, save a burning in Cavanaugh’s
breast.

  Suddenly he shouted in a strangled
voice: “Say! Let’s get out of here.
I’m sick.”

PUG tore himself away from the fas-
cinating Miss Diego and, running to
the fur merchant’s side, possessed him-
self of his arm. Very affectionately,
murmuring excuses and sympathy, he
steered Mr. Cavanaugh, biologist and
athlete, through the garden, past the
astonished, barefooted sentry at the
palace gate and into the Piazza. Then
he led him still more firmly to the Cafe
Albion, haunt of sports and official
faultfinders, and sat him down at a
table, signaling instantly for two tall
glasses of something cool.

  “Cavanaugh,” he said, “you are a
genuine native son. I took a chance
on you, being an amateur psychologist
and a believer in the Yankee golden
rule. Trust a man and you’ve chained
him hand and foot. Now let me see
the wad.”

  Cavanaugh put it on the table. “It’s
short one hundred dollars and fifty-
seven cents. I bought passage on the
Liberia, sailing to-morrow morning to
Rio. I was going back to Philadelphia
—out of this awful hole. I’m no dago.
I’m a white man. This country has
swallowed me. Swallowed me!”

  Cavanaugh shoved the cool drink
aside with a single violent gesture of
his fat hand and burst into tears. '
Signor Pug whistled softly. “Would
you know Cammarillo’s agent if you
should see him again?”

  Cavanaugh lifted his head and skill-
fully recovered the drink. “No. They
all look alike to me, these patriots,
these liberty-loving conspirators. I’m
through. I’ve had enough of it. I’m
sailing to-morrow—with the money.”
“No, you’re not. I’m going to fill the
hole in that ten thousand, and you, Mr.
Cavanaugh, are going to jog back-
country and pay your debt to Cam-
marillo. You can tell him that there
was some mistake. His agent took you
for a half-breed—owing to your coat
of tan and pleasant ways. You can
tell him that Philadelphia gave you
birth, that your middle name is O’Brien,
and that your hair is red.”

  Cavanaugh rubbed his hand across
his polished dome. “And who are you?”
he demanded.

  “My grandmother was born on Chest-
nut Street,” Pug answered. “Have an-
other?”

  Which might have been the end of
Cavanaugh’s story if there were no
truth in the proverb which explains
the infinite possibilities of a cup’s jour-
ney to the lips.

MOUNTED on a languid mule, Cava-
naugh left Magella at nightfall,
when the city lay wrapped in purple
shadows, fireflies glittered in the gar-
dens, and guitars and concertinas made
sweet music in the narrow streets. He
rode through the old Indian trail, where
the brand-new rails of the American
railway glowed like two platinum
threads. Then up, toward the plateau
of the Marias. His destination lay be-
yond the farthermost railway camp, in
the desolate reaches of the campagna.

  For two days he rode steadily for-
ward, leaving the sea behind. Ten
thousand dollars nestled against his
breast. He was clad in a decent suit
of clothes and wore a pair of brand-
new yellow shoes with high heels. On
his head, sheltering his polished crown
from the withering sun, he flaunted one
of the Consul’s American straw hats
with a crimson band. In his vest pocket
there was a ticket marked “Magella-
Key West-Philadelphia.” He sang as he
traversed the road to redemption. Not
Moody-Sankey hymns, but “There’ll Be
a Hot Time in the Old Town To-night”
and “After the Ball.” He was going

Come where the
game fish really are

—come to the natural
playground where ten

thousand cool lakes and
great reaches of piney

forests afford you endless variety.

SCENERY - CLIMATE
SPORT

—whether it be golfing, tennis,
fishing, sailing, canoeing, the pack-
sack trail of the old voyageur or
a motor journey over a network
of good highways—all are here
plus that character of good hotel
accommodations which makes
your vacation perfect.

Reduced Summer Fares

Wr tie for aeroplane view map j older
of Minnesota—sent jree on request.

Ten Thousand Lakes of Minnesota
Association

Operating Under the Direction of
M innesota Land and Lake
Attractions Board
49 E. 4th St., St. Paul, Minn.

Why Germs Breed

On Your Teeth

All Statements Approved by High Dental Authorities

They Breed in a Film

  The teeth’s great enemy is a slimy
film. You feel it with your tongue.

  The tooth brush doesn’t end it. So
millions of people who brush teeth daily
do not prevent tooth troubles.

  That film is what discolors, not your
teeth. It is the basis of tartar. It
holds food substance which ferments
and forms acid. It holds the acid in
contact with the teeth to cause decay.

  Dentists call it “bacterial plaque,”
because millions of germs breed in it.
They, with tartar, are the chief cause of
pyorrhea. Thus most tooth troubles
are caused by that film.

  The film is clinging. It gets into

crevices, hardens and stays. The or-
dinary dentifrice doesn’t dissolve it.
That is why brushed teeth so generally
discolor and decay. Statistics show that
tooth troubles have been constantly
increasing.

  Dental science has long sought a way
to combat that film. It has now been
found. Convincing clinical tests by able
authorities prove this beyond question.
Leading dentists all over America now
urge its use.

  The method is embodied in a denti-
frice called Pepsodent — a delightful
product. And to quickly make its action
known we are offering to millions a
ten-day trial tube.

A Ten-Day Test Amazes

  Pepsodent will do its own convincing.
Just ask for this free tube, watch its
effects, then look at your teeth in ten
days. The book we send will explain to
you all the unique effects.

  Pepsodent is based on pepsin, the
digestant of albumin. The film is
albuminous matter. The object of
Pepsodent is to dissolve it, then to con-
stantly combat it.

  Pepsin alone is inert. It must be
activated, and the usual method is an
acid harmful to the teeth. So Pepsin
long seemed debarred. But science now
has found a harmless activating method.
Patents have been granted by five gov-
ernments already. That method, used
in Pepsodent, is fast bringing about a
new era in teeth cleaning.

  You should find this out. You have
found that old methods do not end
this film. Find now a way that does.

Send the coupon for a 10-Day Tube.

Use like any tooth paste. Note how
clean the teeth feel after using. Mark
the absence of the slimy film. See how
the teeth whiten as the fixed film

disappears.

    • .

  Do that for ten days. If the results
delight you, get them always. And
teach your children how to really clean
their teeth. You will find folks all about
you who are doing that today.

  Cut out the coupon now.

 Ten-Day Tube Free

THE PEPSODENT CO.,

Dept. 532, 1104 S. WabasH Ave., Chicago, III.
Mail Ten-Day Tube of Pepsodent to

Name_____________________________

Address________•___________________

The New-Day Dentifrice

A scientific tooth paste based on activated pepsin. An efficient film combatant,
now endorsed by dentists everywhere and sold by druggists in large tubes.

tl^6>
52

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

Classified

WHERE TO GO TO LIVE

Ideal Locations Where Real Homes Are Built

Now Is The Time To Buy A Farm In Good Old

U. S. A. Although the war is over, the demand for food
continues. The business of producing things to eat, there-
fore, gives promise of paying satisfactory dividends. The
U. S. Railroad Administration offers the co-operation of its
Homeseekers Bureau to those who wish to engage in farm-
ing, stock raising, dairying, poultry raising, fruit growing,
and kindred pursuits. Free information will be furnished
about farm opportunities in any State on request. Write
today. Give me the name of the State you want informa-
tion about; say what line of farm activity you wish to fol-
low, and the number of acres you will need, and let me
know what kind of terms you desire. The more particu-
lars you can send regarding your requirements, the better
I can serve you. Nothing to Sell. Only Information to
Give. J. L. Edwards, Manager, Agricultural Section, U. S.
Railroad Administration, Room 287, Washington, D. C.

 America’s Eden—Southwest Georgia—Invites In-
vestigation.Valuable information—Free—for homeseekers,
investors, farmers, cattle and hog raisers, and people in all
pursuits. Write today for Free copy of our Let the World
Know edition. The rich every-month-in-the-year oppor-
tunities of Thomas and Grady counties detailed interest-
ingly, handsomely illustrated. Free. Write today. The
Times-Enterprise, Thomasville, Ga.

Own Your Own Orange Grove In Beautiful Fruit-

land Park. Let us tell you how melons, peaches, cotton,
your first crops, should help pay for your grove. Board
of Trade, 284 Trade Bldg., Fruitland Park, Florida.

We Will Build You Your Home On A Rich Farm

within twelve miles of Jacksonville and you can pay for it
at the rate of >5.00 monthly. Write today for full par-
ticulars. Jax Heights Imp. Co., Jacksonville, Florida.

Rich Land In Michigan. Grains, Poultry, Fruit,

stock. Big yields. 10 to SO A. $15 to $30 per A. Easy pay-
ments. Write for free booklet, excursion rates and dates.
Swigart Land Co., R1245, First Nat’l Bank, Chicago, 111.

FOR AUTO OWNERS

Aids to the Better Operation of Your Car

Auto Stolen? Why Pay! $5 To $20 For A Thief

lock? Send $2.50for the Security|IgnitionOutfit—attached
to any car in five minutes by yourself in a secret place.
You alone know the location. That*6 where the value is.
Nothing in sight. No key to lose. Electricity cut off in
second. If you have a lock this outfit may save the lock
and car too. Full directions. No circulars. No agents.
Both cost money. Order from this now. Check, raoney-
order, stamps. Auto Safety Co., Cambridge, Mass.

INVENTION — PATENT ATTORNEYS

Tenders of Professional Service and Advice

Patents Promptly Procured. Send Sketch Or

model for actual search of U. .S. Patents. Highest
references. Personal Service. Moderate fees. Write for
free patent book. George P. Kimmel, Patent Lawyer,
37U, Oriental Bldg., Washington, D. C.

Mason, Fenwick & Lawrence, Washington, D. C.

—New York—Chicago. Estb. over half a century. Best
references. Send description and sketch. Information gratis
concerning procedure. Trademarks, copyrights and pat-
ents secured in U. S. and foreign countries. Write us.

Patents. Write For Free Illustrated Guide Book,

How To Obtain A Patent. Send model or sketch and
description for free opinion as to its patentable nature.
Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable terms.
Victor J. Evans & Co., 631 Ninth, Washington, D. C.

Patent What You Invent. It May Be Valuable.

Write me. No attorney’s fee until patent is allowed,
Estab. 1882. “Inventor’s Guide’* Free. Franklin H. Hough.
538 Loan & Trust Bldg., Washington, D. C.

Inventors—Send Sketch Of Your Invention For

advice regarding patent protection. 20 Years’ Experience.
Hand-book on Patents sent Free. Talbert & Talbert,
Patent Lawyers, 4:304 Talbert Bldg., Washington, D. C.

Patents. Highest References. Best Results.

Promptness assured. Booklet Free. Watson E. Coleman,
Patent Lawyer, fi24 F Street, Washington, P. C. m

 Patent-Sense. “The Book For Inventors And Man-
ufacturers.” Free. Write Lacey & Lacey, 653 F Street,
N. W.t Washington, D. C. Established 1869.

Inventors Desiring To Secure Patents Should

send for our free Guide Book “Ilow To Get Your Patent.’*
Randolph & Co., Dept. 156, Washington, D. C.

HELP WANTED

Openings Everywhere for Active Agents

$75.00 Weekly Selling Famous Pictures 11 x 14

original photos soldiers and sailors in groups forming
human “Liberty Bell,” “United States Shield,” “American
Eagle” and 10 others. Most wonderful pictures produced.
Enormous demand. Sample free. Mole & Thomas, Sole
Producers, 1815 Medinah Bldg., Chicago._

Railway Traffic Inspectors; Splendid Pay And

expenses; travel if desired; unlimited advancement. No
age limit. Three months? home study. Situation arranged.
Prepare for permanent position. Write for booklet CM-10,
Standard Business Training Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.

We Need Distributors In Every Section As Retail

and wholesale representatives of Rotastrop. Thousands
being sold. Demand enormous. 100% profit. Exclusive
territory to right man. Permanent, profitable business.
Write quick for details. Burke Mfg.Co., Dept. C-l, Day ton,O.

 How Much Gasoline Can You Sell At 2c Per Gal-
lon? A tube of Carbonvoid at $1.00 saves $5. in gasoline.
World tests for four years to prove it. Secure exclusive
rights for your county. “Carbonvoid,” Box “K,“ Bradley
Beach, N. J.	<

 Agents: Big Pay And Free Automobile Introduc-
ing wonderful new gasoline saver, punctureproof, five-year
spark plugs, and other economical auto necessities. Out-
flt free. L. Ballwey, 11 Sta. F.. Louisville, Ky._

$1.85 For Men's Made-To-Order Pants — Worth

$5.00. Sample free. Money-making offer for agents, part
time or all. Write today. Chicago Tailors’Association,
Dept. M452. 515 So. Franklin St., Chicago._

 InsydeTyres. Inner Armour For Auto Tires. Pre-
vent punctures and blowouts. Double Tire mileage. Big
profits. American AccessoriesCo., Dept.78, Cincinnati,Ohio.

Stop Daily Grind, Business Worth While. I Start

you silvering Mirrors, Plating tableware Home. Sure in-
come. Plans Free. Clarence Sprinkle, Dept.Icy, Marion,Ind.

Agents: Large Profits. Free Samples. Gold Sign

Letters any one can put on windows. Liberal offer to gen-
eral agent. Metallic Letter Co., 431T, N. Clark, Chicago.

BUSINESS OPENINGS

Real Opportunities for Wide-Awake People

To Sell Direct To Consumer—A Nationally Known

manufacturer wants salesmen who have house-to-house
selling experience and can organize and manage selling
crews—to sell a nationally advertised household necessity,
endorsed by Good Housekeeping Institute. Give complete
information about yourself with references. Write Dept.
L, 238 Brush Street, Detroit, Mich.

Enter A Business Of Your Own And Earn Big

annual income in professional fees, making and fitting a
foot specialty to measure; readily learned by anyone at
home in a few weeks; easy terms for training, openings
everywhere with all the trade you can attend to; no capi-
tal required or goods to buy, no agency or soliciting.
Address Stephenson Laboratory, 4 Back Bay, Boston, Mass.

Exclusive Territory — We Want Capable Men As

distributors or agency men. The opportunity is as big as
the man. An automobile owner can make over $500 month-
ly controlling our lines. Unless able to make an investment
in keeping with a high grade proposition don’t answer.
Alcemo Mfg. Co., 20-C Bridge Street, Newark, N. J.

“How To Start In Business For Yourself” Is A

little book sent free by a large hosiery manufacturer selling

its entire output through special representatives direct to

the wearers. It shows you how to build “for keeps” and

how to make up to $2,500 a year as some are doing. Write

for it today. Geo. G. Clows Co., Dept. 4-H, Pliila., Pa.
       .. . , . --«

  Wanted: Ambitious Workers Every where. To Es-
tablish Collection Bureaus. Be independent—make big in-
come yearly. No capital required. We train you and refer
business to you. “Scientific Facts” Free. National Collec-
tion Bureau, Dept. 2, 65 Maynard, Columbus, O.

PERSONAL

Ideas That Will Appeal to Your Self-Interest

The Diamond And Gold Mint Is Liberal And

prompt. Send us by mail or express any discarded jew-
elry, new or broken, diamonds, watches, old gold, silver,
platinum magneto points, false teeth or bridge work. We
send cash at once and hold your goods until we hear our
offer is accepted. If not satisfactory your goods are re-
turned at our expense. Highest bank references. Address
The Diamond Mint, Dept. L, 5102 Euclid Ave., Cleveland, O.

Cash —Send By Mail Any Discarded Jewelry,

new or broken, Diamonds, Watches, old gold, silver, plati-
num, magneto points, false teeth in any shape. We send
cash at once and hold your goods 10 days. Your goods
returned at our expense if our offer is unsatisfactory. New
catalog of Bargains in new jewelry-sent) free. Liberty
Refining Co., Est. 1899. B-432 Wood St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Free To Writers—A Wonderful Little Book Of

money-making hints, suggestions, ideas; the A B C of suc-
cessful Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely Free.
Just address Authors* Press. Dept. 22. Auburn. N. Y.

Write News Items And Short Stories For Pay

in spare time. Copyright book and plans Free. Press
Reporting Syndicate, 440, St. Louis, Mo.

HIGH-GRADE SALESMEN

Open Doors to Bigger, Better Connections

Men & Women-Become Independent—OwnYour

business, experience unnecessary selling our $6000 Acci-
dental Death, $30.00 Accident, $25.00 Sick Weekly Bene-
fits. $10.50 yearly, half amounts $5.50. Guaranteed steady
income from renewals. $250,000 deposited Insurance
Department. Registration Dept. C, Newark. N. J.

 Salesmen—City Or Traveling. Experience Un-
necessary. Send for list of openings and full particulars.
Prepare in spare time to earn the big salaries — $2,500 to
$10,000 a year. Employment service rendered Members.
Natl. Salesmen’s Tr. Ass’n, Dept. 104G, Chicago, Ills.

OF INTEREST TO WOMEN

Money-Making and Money-Saving Chances

1000 Women Wanted To Sell National Dress

Goods. Silks, Waistings, etc. Steady Income. The “Na-
tional” line is the best. Newest goods—big assortments—

Brompt deliveries. Our plan will appeal to you—Write To-
ay. National Dress Goods Co., Dept 50, 8 Beach St., N.Y.

FOR THE PHOTOGRAPHER

How and Where to Get C,uick, Economical Service

Mail Us 15c With Any Size Film For Development

and six velvet prints. Or send 6 negatives any size and 15c
for 6 prints. Prompt Service. Perfect work. Roanoke
Photo Finishing Co., 224 Bell Avenue, Roanoke, Va.

FOR THE MAN WHO SMOKES

Where and How to Buy at Least Cost

  Big Sample Fine Old Kentucky Home Spun Smok-
ing Tobacco, aged and mellowed two years in wood, 10c
postpaid. You never tasted better. Send for your sample
to-day. Pete Moberly, Box 620, Owensboro, Ky.

BUSINESS SERVICE

Collections, Incorporation, Expert Advice, etc.

  Incorporate In Arizona. Least Cost. Greatest Ad-
vantages. Incorporation completed in one day. Stock made
full paid non-assessable. Clientele of over 50,000. Get our
book. Stoddard Incorporating Co., Box 8-K, Phoenix, Ariz.

POULTRY AND GARDEN

Suggestions Worthy Attention and Thought

Baby Chicks. Delivered Anywhere. Lots Of

money made in raising them. Catalog and full details free.
Mammoth Hatchery, W. Glen Ellyn, 111.

WHERE TO BUY BY MAIL

The Best Things at the Right Prices

We Want You To Try Our Bath Powder. Will

send you Sample and Beauty Book Free. Address Royal
Bath Balm Co., Box A, Little Falls, N. Y.

BANKING AND INVESTMENTS

Information for Security Holders

Increase Your Income. By Investing In Sound

dividend paying industries under our easy payment plan.
As little as $1.00 a month only required. Send for free
booklet. Ricker Barnes & Co., 8 Beacon St., Boston, Mass.

World Over

  Quality First

Boston

George Frost Co., Makers, Boston

LARGE PROFITS Quickly made. We
supply stock and show vuu where
to market all you raise for $8
to (25 each. Get our beautiful
► illustrated book/'Common CD ETC1
Sense Rabbit Raisins'* it's lltlX
THE OUTDOOR ENTERPRISE CO.,

   
 ■ 
               Air pressure not only
               affects the duration of
               your tires, it also has a
               very direct bearing on how
               many miles per gallon your
               gasoline will give you.

                                  Airaiurt four atr prtiimrt *•//£ a

        UNIVERSAL

                        Tire Pressure Gauge

                and save not only your tires
                but your gas.

              When your tires are un-
              der-inflated it takes more
              gasoline to drag them
              along the road—some-
              times as much as .*^1
              25* more.

to fool Magella. He was going back,
when he had paid his debt.

  On the evening of the third day there
occurred the slip. Cavanaugh rode at
dusk into the railway camp at Dora
Riparia. It was Saturday, and the
Fairchild Company’s employees had
poured into the camp from the moun-
tains, from the plains, from the sur-
veying party’s farthest location, to cele-
brate, to get drunk, and to make the
night hideous with song. The single
street of the improvised town was
trodden into a morass of mud by Indi-
ans, half-breeds, Italians, Portuguese,
Yankees, slatternly women from the
seaboard, black-haired urchins, strings
of mules, and huge creaking carts
driven by shouting mozos. In the en-
gineers’ quarters a tin-throated, canned
McCormack sang “Mother Machree.”
Further along Cavanaugh passed a
’dobe house through whose open door
he glimpsed various familiar, comfort-
ing, and tempting things—a bar, many
men leaning on it in attitudes of re-
laxation, a table where there was card
playing, and, at the back of the low,
long, smoky room, a piano—a sure-
enough, civilized, American piano.

  “I stop here,” he said.

  He tied his languid mule to a Ma-
gellan hitching post made of bamboo
poles, and propelled his fat self and
Cammarillo’s ten thousand dollars into
that magnetic place. Within ten min-
utes he had stripped the wad of two
crisp, brand-new notes, and was hold-
ing a handful of greasy cards in the
widespread fingers of his fat hands. A
cigar was fixed between his teeth. The
Consul’s hat hung on the farthermost
peak of his glistening head, and behind
him, wide-eyed, silent, tense, a crowd
of chocolate adventurers watched the
play. The tropics had “got” him again.

THE next morning, when Signor Pug
clattered into camp, the engineer in
chief hailed him from the office door.
There was an anxious line between his
eyes. “More trouble,” he explained
briefly. “Another American. Fellow
named Cavanaugh. Lost ten thousand
dollars at the Pace last night, and then
shot up the place.”

  “Where is he?”

  The chief jerked his thumb over his
shoulder. “Inside.”

 Cavanaugh was sprawled in the
chief’s desk chair, more dead than
alive. He opened a blackened eye and
groaned. “Swallowed,” he said in ex-
planation.

  Pug smiled. “No,” he answered, “it
was the lotus. Where’s the wad, Cava-
naugh?”

  “Gone.”

  He sat quite still for a moment, con-
templating the tips of his yellow shoes.
“Oh, Gawd!” he exploded suddenly.
“What next? I can’t go on and I can’t
go back. Both ways, I’m done for.”

 Pug sat down on the edge of the
chief’s desk and swung his feet. Quiet-
ly he contemplated Mr. Cavanaugh. And
he saw, beneath that hairless, polished
skull, a cherished vision of home-sweet-
home—neat rows of red-brick houses
with white doors, decorous streets, trol-
ley cars, parks—Cavanaugh’s promised
land. “Well,” he said suddenly, “I guess

I	can stake you again. This time I’ll
write a check, begging your pardon.
I’m not suspicious—only cautious.”

 “No!” Cavanaugh shouted, waving
his arms. “I’m not going to pay an
imaginary debt to a half-breed lover
of liberty like Cammarillo. No one’s
honest in this country. A true Magel-
lan’d murder his mother for a dime.
You can’t break into society unless
you’ve robbed a bank or cheated an
orphan. And you’re asking me to ride
into Cammarillo’s camp with a harp in
one hand and a check for ten thousand
dollars in the other!” Suddenly Cava-
naugh spat through the open window.
“You sound like Little Lord Faunt-
leroy,” he said.

  Pug laughed. “And you sound like
a full-blooded, black-haired, shifty-
eyed greaser—no good. Sounds are
deceiving. If they weren’t, I’d be wear-
ing curls and a red sash and you’d be
sporting a stiletto up your sleeve. There
are two good reasons why you’d better

FACTORY-TO-RIDER

SAVES YOU MONEY

Huy direct and save $10 to $20 on a
bicycle. RANGER BICYCLES now come
In 44 styles, colors and sUet. Greatly
Improved; prices reduced. Other reliable
models $16.7ft up. WE DELIVER FREE
to you on approval and SO days trial and
riding test.

Our big FREE catalog shows every-
thing new In bicycles and sundries.
Write for It.

TIRES, lamps, wheels, parts and
supplies at half usual price.0,

Do not buy a bicycle, tires, or
sundries until you get our uvnderful
neto offer*, low prices and liberal terms.
A postal brings everything,

ME A n CYCLE COMPANY
IVILAU Dept. H-54 Chicago

Does Your Hand
Itch for a Pencil?

*VOU don’t have to be s genius.
1 If you have that liking for
drawing, you may have In you
the making of a successful cartoon-
1st or Illustrator. Write today for
your free OODJ of “A Road to Bigger
Things" telling how America's 32
greatest cartoonists will help you
develop your talent profitably.
FEDERAL SCHOOL of APPLIED
CARTOONING
902D Warner Bldg., Minneapolis

MUSIC MASTER REPRODUCER, ££$$?&

beautiful overtones —perfect harmony —no scratching — reproduces
record in full tone values just as played or sun* by artist. Once
heard always wanted. Send 12 cents for valuable booklet. Hints
to Owners of Talking Machines!" J. H. ELLIS, Patentee and
Manufacturer, 207 Johnson Ave., Wauwatosa, Wis.

fjroiyc legs

rIfM.%11 ARMS

4-POUND FIBRE LEGS - ON EASY
Orthopedic Braces for All Deformities. Send for
Kay Trntitman, Go- Dean Building, Minneapolis,

PATENTS Copyrights

Write for our free book of Patent Information.

Beale & Park Commercial Trust Bldg., Philadelphia. Pa.
The National Weekly

53

EV E RY day thousands
of men step into a new
pair of “ Florsheims,”
knowing that superior
quality gives satisfaction
in comfort, service and ap'
pearance. You can be sure
of good shoes when you
buy “ Florsheims.”

Ten Dollars and up

Consider the wear not the
price per pair. Look for the
quality mark “ Florsheim.”

The Florsheim Shoe
Company

CHICAGO, U. S. A.

IVrite for

k Twenty to
      package

Also Sfanufacturers of

Herbert Tareyton
London

Smoking

Mixture

Pbpulsr Size 50*
Sample upon rxopiesf

Thcres#
something
about them
youll like-

taa:-* naxk

London Cigarettes

ECONOMY

 renewable FUSES

cut annual fuse
maintenance costs KJ\*S/0

ECONOMY FUSE & MFG. CO.

 Klnti* atnd Orle»n« Si*.	CHICAGO, pi S, A.

            Abo Mad* in Canada at Mttnmai
 ■ ■ ■ ■ - ......... —j—

pay up. You didn’t kill President Diego
and you’re a white man. What d’you

say?”

  “There’s no bait,” Cavanaugh de-
manded with suspicion, “other than
that?” •

  “No.”

  “Then I’ll go—because I’m afraid not
to. You’re finding it pretty expensive
—making a purified saint out of H. E.
Cavanaugh! You think there’s some-
thing decent in me. You’re beating the
tambourine before the gates of heaven.
You’re howling a hallelujah. Saved!
Me? I’ve forgotten how to play square.
I’m done. Give me that check. Where’s
the mule?”

PUG offered Cavanaugh his hand, but
the fur merchant refused it. He
stuck his heels into the big mule’s sides
and clattered through the main street
of Dora Riparia, out of the settlement
and up the stony, treeless trail to the
plateau. Cavanaugh knew his Magella.
Years before, bearing that precious
cargo of furs, he had taken this path
into the savage interior. Now, a fallen
angel, he traveled it again. And be-
hind him there were ten years of bitter
idleness, consuming sun, and devastat-
ing thirst. He had slept in the dirty
sand of the Esplanade beach, like a
homeless mongrel. He had begged, bor-
rowed, stolen, and bribed. He had not
dared to lift his eyes to the flag hang-
ing above the Consulate. He had learned
how to roll a cigarette with one hand
and to curse in three languages—Ital-
ian, Spanish, and Tapadas. Beyond
that his education had not progressed.
He had been lonely. He had watched
the burning days kindle into rose,
flicker and fade into night. He had
listened to the singing of a thousand
love songs, the dull kerplunk of a mil-
lion falling coconuts, the ceaseless hiss
of tiny, fluted waves against the beach.
Day was like day and night like night.
And his hate had grown in him, burn-
ing like a flame in his bosom. Outcast.
Failure. Exile. Swallowed.

  He reached the plain and struck off
toward the south, following a faint trail
which led to Cammarillo’s rancho. One
night he slept in the bush grass, with
his head on his saddle. He dreamed.
He wore a Salvation Army bonnet and
trod the sanctified macadam of the
Quaker City. He woke, and found tears
on his cheeks.

LATE that afternoon he spied the
I hacienda—a sun-baked place in a
sparse grove of undernourished trees.
A dozen peons ran out to meet him, but
he galloped past them, straight into the
courtyard of Cammarillo’s house.

  “The liberator!” he shouted. “Where
is he?”

  Cammarillo was asleep in the patio.
He sat up with a start, instantly awake,
like a cat. When he saw the fat Ameri-
can mounted on a mule his first thought
was: “Ah! He wants more money.
We shall see.” He got slowly to his
feet and went forward with a sly smile
of greeting.

  Cavanaugh grinned. For the moment
he was looking down on the terrible
revolutionist, the chocolate terror of
Magella. He, Cavanaugh, had some-
thing to say. It would be unpleasant
listening for that stone-eyed half-breed.

  “Well?” Cammarillo asked. “Is it
done, gringo?”

  Then something happened to the soul
of H. E. Cavanaugh. A sort of unholy
pride welled up in him and suffocated
him. He felt his heart bursting and
his lungs shrieking for air. He saw
stars. He smiled a twisted smile and,
putting his hand into his breast pockct,
drew out Pug Fairchild’s check for ten
thousand dollars.

  “Payable to you, amigo,” Cavanaugh
said. “Did you think, you cross-eyed,
unwashed, ignorant, evil-smelling, pie-
faced mongrel of Satan, that you could
bribe a Philadelphian?”

  Cammarillo stepped back a pace. His
eyes closed. A shiver passed down his
body. Cavanaugh waited, erect and
braced, with a look of profound ecstasy.
Then quietly, almost lovingly, Cam-
marillo raised his arm, smiled, and
shot Cavanaugh through the heart.

Raise Hares for Us

Immense protits easily and quickly
made. We furnish stock and pay $2.0u

               each and expressage when t\\ ree
               months old. Contracts, booklets, etc.,
               10c. Nothing free.

THORbON RABBIT CO., Dept. 55, AURORA, COLORADO

EVERY INVESTOR

IN SECURITIES OF ANY KIND
Railroads, Industrial, Oil or Mining
Need* the up-to-date records of earnings, dividends,
high and low prices, etc., in monthly booklet the

INVESTORS' POCKET MANUAL

Furnished FREE by any investment banker or
broker on application OR for 30 cents per copy
current number will be sent by

The FINANCIAL PRESS, 116 Broad Sl, N. Y. City

   YANKEE” Quick
   Spiral Screw-
   rnakes a prac-
   and powerful
   Drill, too.

You can obtain the
following" YAN-
KEE” attachments:
Chuck and eight
Drill Points:
Sere w-li older;
Screw-eye holder;
Counter-sink.

Just push on the handle of the “YANKEE” Quick Return
Spiral Ratchet Screw-driver, and the spring pushes it back,
ready for you to push again. You need not pull nor twist. Just
PUSH! The spring holds the blade snugly in the screw-slot.

To draw the screw, just reverse the Ratchet Shifter and—

Push! Works just as well in reverse.

And speed? Fast as you can move your hand. You can’t
outspeed the Return Spring.

Best of all, you can work one-handed, Hvay up over your head
and in awkward places where you can’t use both hands.

Right- and left-hand and rigid adjustment at the touch of your
finger to the shifter.

       /\ "V T T/~ XT' XT' J * Quick Return Spiral Ratchet Screw-
    JL l\l\l	driver. With three sizes of bits.

          No. 130—Standard Size (illustrated) Price #2.70
          No. 131—Heavy Pattern .... Price $3.50
          No. 135—Light Pattern .... Price £2.15

          YOUR DEALER CAN SUPPLY YOU

     Write for free “YANKEE” Tool Book showing “YANKEE”
     Tools in action; better ways of drilling, boring, tapping, and

                     driving and drawing screws.

NORTH BROS. MFG. CO., PH I LAD

Foresight

Prevents Delays—Saves Repair Bills

   Take a Shaler on every trip.

   Then, if you get a puncture many miles away from
a repair shop, you can repair the tube—as good as
new—in 5 minutes.

   This complete tube repair outfit—small, compact, can con-
veniently be carried in your car—saves time, saves repair bills,
prevents delays—makes it unnecessary to carry spare tubes.

Complete Outfit—with 12 Patch-&-Heat Units—

$1.50 at All Dealers

C. A. Shaler Co., 1103 Fourth St., Waupun, Wis.

FREE BOOK—t,Care and Repair of Tires”

mailed on request
f

54

Collier’s

June 14, 1919

_J—--

         Everybody Can Now Afford

Dr. Eliot’s Five-Foot Shelf of Books

        A New Popular Edition (the Cambridge)

FOR several years we have been at work improving: printing proc-
esses—devising new and more efficient methods of producing good
books — and reducing costs here and there
while raising the quality of our product. 'To accom-
plish this we called to our aid the ablest minds in
the mechanical world.

   We were convinced that the cost of standard, well-
made books could be decreased, without sacrifice of
high quality, to a point where every man could afford
to buy the best literature.

   We have succeeded in doing this by a develop-
ment of efficiency in every line—by the adoption of
time-saving and labor-saving methods, by production
on a large scale, and by economical methods of dis-
tribution and sale.

   The first result of these improved methods is a
popular edition of the Harvard Classics, commonly
known as Dr. Eliot’s Five-Foot Shelf of Books.

   If you do not own the Harvard Classics now is
the time to obtain a set of the new popular edition
at a price that puts this famous library of classics
within everybody’s reach.

   This new, low-priced edition contai?is every chapter, every page, every
word, that is fozmd hi the expensive de luxe editions. It differs only

in illustrations and bindings.

   It is printed from the same clear-cut plates that
were used in printing the celebrated De Luxe Edition.

                                                                      0

   The popular edition is well-made, handsomely
and substantially bound, and is worthy of a place
in any library.

 This Edition is Dr. Eliot’s Own Idea

   In publishing this edition of the Harvard Classics
we are carrying out Dr. Eliot’s idea of the place this
library should permanently hold as an educational
influence.

   He intended the Harvard Classics for the millions
of men and women who are busy doing the nation’s
work—professional men, office men, farmers, salesmen,
mechanics—for readers who have no time to read a
roomful of books to gain a clear perspective of the
world’s thought and achievement.

Dr. Charles W. Eliot

“The World’s Civilization on a Bookshelf”

  That is a sweeping statement—“the world’s civil-
ization on a bookshelf”—to be used in describing a
set of books.

   It is not our own phrase. One of the readers of the
Harvard Classics used it in writing to us about the set.

   But sweeping as it is, it is true in the sense in
which he used it.

   Every powerful idea that has ever moved the human
mind is to be found in these volumes.

   It is a collection of books that has no parallel in the
history of literature, because it is the product of a plan
to present, in the limits of a single bookshelf, a series
of volumes which would show the complete develop-
ment of the human intellect.

   It is not merely a collection of great books, printed
in uniform binding, without coherence or system.

Every part of the library bears a relation to every
other part.

   Every book, play, poem or article in the set is com-
plete in itself. It contains no unsatisfactory, chopped-up
extracts.

   You may read here, in one volume, Darwin’s epoch-
making theory of evolution, told in his own words.
Then, here are the finest examples of the Greek come-
dies, full of the genuine humor of this great people.
Next, the Arabian Nights, that eternal collection of
never-old tales — and there are the subtle ideas of
Descartes, the father of logic — the essays of Mon-
taigne — the best books of the Bible, the Koran,
and the sayings of Confucius—Adam Smith’s famous
“Wealth of Nations,” the foundation of the science
of political economy — and there are Shakespeare,

Goethe, Milton, Burns, the world’s great poets — the
biographies of the intellectual leaders of the human
race, and —

   The table of contents alone would fill several pages.
The best way to learn all about the set is to write
now for our

64-Page Book (Sent Free)

  This book describes the	Harvard Classics, and

gives Dr. Eliot’s own official	statement of the plan of

the work. It is a beautifully	printed little book, and
is well worth reading.

   The coupon printed as a part of this advertisement
is for your convenience. Just fill it out and mail it to
us, and we will send the 64-page book by the next mail.

                P. F. Collier & Son                  C.W. 6-14-19                                             
Publishers of Good Books 416 West 13th St., New York P. F. Collier & Son                                      
                                                     : . - 1 
                                                             
                                                             
                                                             
                                                                                                              
0
A partial list of Wilson s Cer-
tified Products sold under
our “ money-back" guaranty:

                       4

 Sweet Corn
 Green Peas
 Tomatoes
 String Beans
 Beets

 Pork and Beans
 Leaf Spinach
 Asparagus Tips
 California Peaches
 Pineapple
 Cherries
 Blueberries
 Raspberries
 Strawberries
 Pumpkin
 . Catsup
 Chili Sauce
 Jellies
 Jams
 Preserves
 Peanut Butter
 Mince Meat
 Olives
 Sardines
 Salmon
 Ox Tongue
 Veal Loaf
 Oleomargarine
 Ham
 Bacon
 Coffee

WHEN you open a can of Wilson’s Certified Tomatoes you
see instantly why they deserve not only our Certified label,
but the “money-back” guaranty which it carries.

Big, firm, plump, ruddy tomatoes, they are—grown from seed of
our selection—gathered and put up in their full-ripe freshness
and flavor. Their fine quality appeals to you immediately.

Like all foods bearing the Wilson label, they have been selected,
handled and prepared with respect—such respect and care as your
own mother would show were she to put them up for you herself.

Ask your dealer for Wilson’s Certified canned fruits, vegetables,
and table specialties, as well as for Wilson’s Certified Ham and
Bacon. If he does not yet have them in .stock, we can supply
him at once as our distribution is national.

yowi <juoAa/niee

                                                     CHICAGO

'The 'Wilson Label Protects Your Table
hMMimnUH|W>IIMMUIWMlllllUMIjlll»UIHIUB^UlH»l»»l«IIHHII»IHWNyi<„i|

<3~WeLcome

(iA glorious figure in khaki appears.) “ Oil Boil”

Madge! ”

zAnd you are not wounded?99

Only a splinter . . * at Chateau Thierry . • .
through theshoulder • * . just a beauty mark—”

Oh,youpooi* dear, and it doesn't hurt ? • • . T ni so
glad • • • and being glad reminds tve • * . a sur-

prise, . * . prep air to feast99—

                                                                              #

My prophetic soul! Turkey, lobster newburgh,
real ice cream—”

(glutton ! To feast your eyes on—”

On you?

Cannibal! Of course not! On our adorable new
Community Plate!”

-AT YOUR SERVICE FOR 50 YEARS

imrnmzMmMZ.

 iniiiiniiiiiui

/\ DAM \> US TON

nrrnns

Oneida QoMMU^(irry <£td., One',da, *ct r.