Ofher Sctehcf Storiw
lr TKls time

’ THE TIME PROJECTOR 1
By David L«s«r and Dr. D. H. Koli^r

"THE PLANET OF DESPAIR"

By R. • F-Ttenl

THE CITY OF SINGING FI
By Cl^rk AsMon Smith
Get into a Dignified Profession!

Become a full-fledged Chemist!

Unlimited Possibilities!
Fascinating Work!
Immense Opportunities!
Previous Experience
Not Needed

Anyone who can read

AND WRITE tan study Chem-
istry through our simply prepared
course. Yon don’t mid a higher
education, and you don't need any
previous qxperience or preparation.
Chemistry is not harder to under-
stand than electricity or radio. Jyst
plain sense and ordinary observation
powers.

 Laboratory Outfit Free

 THE COMPLETE CHEMICAL
OUTFIT and APPARATUS supplied
to you as part of your Course, without
extra charge, make you the owner of
a laboratory, containing all the
materials and instruments used by
a full-fledged chemist. This work
ing kit,.which is shipped to you at
the., outset of the course becomes
your permanent property. It is a
sturdy "fitted wooden cabinet con-
taining over 100 pieces of labora-
tory apparatus and chemical sup-
plies. With these materials and
equipment you will have in your own
home and always at haitd, a compact,
complete working chemist’s labora-
tory which you will use constantly;
not only in your experiments during
the course, but also in your jafter
work as a chemist.	r

We Gan Teach You
At Home

  Our faculty knows just how to
mold you into a skillful laboratory
Worker,

■Chemical Institute of New York. IneT t
'Home Extension Division	'

119 Park Place, New York. N. Y.	.

. .»P)(iifeC!uKoj)<! me at once, without any
^obligation on jnj part, your Free Book I

“Opportunities for Chemist*," and full
{particulars about Alia Experimental I

  Equipment given to every student. '

•name ____V	I

(ADDRESS -........ . __.

•CITY	STATE______

lw 8.-731	-I

THE HEAD OP OUR STAFF IS

DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE,
scientist, engineer and author of wide
repute. He has had more than fifty
years of teaching < xperience. Our
course fits you for an immediate
position in a chemical laboratory, and
you do not have to give up what >ou
are doing now to learn it. During
evenings and week-ends you can work
at home on the fascinating experi-
ments and the delightfully simple but
comprehensive lessons. A perj^onal
tutor is always ready to help you
OVt r difficulties and to answer all
.your questions. Most important of
all—the tenching you receive is prac-
tical. You can Actually use this
knowledge; to make money, as thou-
sands have done before you. •

More Money in Chemis-
try Than in Any Other
Business

 CHEMISTS ARE WELL PAID
MEN. Not only wijl our training
help you to get a better job, -but a
worth-while start on a new level.
You can patent the work *>/ your
hands and your brain, and perhaps
makn. million’s of, dollars on a new
chemical discovery.

. Evtfy day the newspapers and
magazines ara full of news items
reporting new chemical discoveries
in mining, in electricity, in food-
stuffs, in sanitary
and medicinal ap-
pliances, . in pa-
per-making. rub-
ber, steel, iron,
dye-stuffs, tex-
tiles, in fact in
every well known
industry — and
behind each of
these discoveries
stands a well-
frajned chemist
who knew how to
take advantage of
opportunity!

T. O'Conor Sloane'
A.B., A.M.. Ph.D.
LL.D.

No Exaggerated Claims

 TUR INSTITUTE DOBS NOT CLAIM

 that every chemist makes millions, nor do of.

we guarantee that you will Immediately get
a Job paying $10.00fl a year. Hut many
have done it. and there is no reason why
you cannot do it too. Often enough you
read or hear about men who have found the
road to fame, fortune, position, and the
highest recognition. from small, ini'oiwplcu-
ous beginnings, and you wonder how they
got the "lurky break.” Why, you won-
der yearningly, couldn't you be »ueh a
"lucky" fellow ? You can b*—but you
have to meet duck half way.

What These Students!
Have Done You
Can Do!

"Since I njave been studying'^
with your school I have been\
) ai>i>oiitled rhemist for the •Scran-,
ton Coal Co., tenting all the roufl,
land ash by proximate analysis.’'
—Morlais CouiensA
"I also hare some neics for/
you. I have brim made assistants
lehrinixt for thr concern 1 am/
working for."—A. G. Delwarte.S
"J am now clraner and dyer/
for the above namrd company.'
Alt/ talary is almost. double what/

, it was when 1 started the course

—B. H. Lasater./
‘If it weren't for your cours?'
I wouldn't harr thr job I’ve got'

, now."—George Daynes.

"Since beginning your course'

, of study I harr receivd an in-'
crease in my pay rheck, and as'

, I progress my work becomes',
lighter through a better under-,

I standing.—M. G. Cole.

Get Started Today!

IF YOTT WOCLD LIKE TO KNOW MORE
AUOI'T CHEMISTRY, and If you are sin-
cere In ‘ your desire to- got out of the
tread-mllls of Job anxiety and wage de-
pendence. If you have ambition enough to
want to heroine h chemist, anil perhaps a
famous one some day. you Will not wa|t
until tomorrow to find out how' to go ntaut
It.

  MAIL the coupon at your loft today.
There Is no charge and no further obliga-
tion. You will be simply asking u« to wrltn
you about something that you wapt to knit-

 CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC.
 19 Park Place Dept. W.S.-731 New York, N. Y»
WONDER STORIES

145

One of my In-
structors ex-
plaining the
operation of a
radial airplane
engine.

A BIG PAYj
JOBforYOU

ELECT

Don’t spend your life in a dull, hopeless job! Don't
be satisfied with a mere $30.00 or $40.00 a week!
You don't have to! Electricity pays salaries of
$60.00, $70.00 and even $200.00 a week to thousands
of fellows no smarter than you.

Leant Without Lessons in 90 Days

In the Great Shops of Coyne

Come to Coyne at Chicago and learn Electricity in 90 days—
not by correspondence, bnt by actual electrical work—on
huge motors and generators, switchboards, power plants, sub-
stations, anto and airplane engines, armatures, etc. You don’t
need advanced education or previous experience. Coyne has
been placing men in Big Pay Electrical Jobs since 1899. Let
Coyne help YOU to a good electrical position.

FREE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE

EARN AS YOU LEARN

Don't worry about a jobl My Employment Department
gives you a FREE lifetime service. And if you need part-

time work while at school to help pay expenses, we'll gladly help
you Ret It. MAIL COUPON FOR FREE PROOF THAT YOU CAN
HAVE A GOOD ELECTRICAL JOB IN 90 DAYS I Get my Big Free
Electrical Book — FREE Radio and Anto Electrical offers. Find out
about my special low tuition price. THIS DOES NOT OBLIGATE
ANY-------------------------

JOBS PAYING

$60 to $200 a week

Power Plant Operator $50 to $70 a wk.

Maintenance Engineer 60 to 100 a wk.

Armature Winding . . 45 to 75awk.

Ulomination Expert . 60 to 80 a wk.

Radio Service Expert 50 to 100 a wk.

Aviation Ignition ... 60 to 125 a wk.

Battery Expert. . . . 70 to 200 a wk.
Auto Electrician . . . 75 to 200 a wk.

Contractor-Dealer . . 60 to 300 a wk.

Signal Engineering . . 50 to 100 a wk.

FREE ELECTRICAL BOOK Coupon

YOU IN

WAY. JUST MAIL THE COUPON!

 H. C. LEWIS, President

 Coyne Electrical School, Dept. Bl-81

 800 S. Paulina St., Chicago, III.

 Gentlemen: Please send me your big Free Elec-
 trical Book with 161 illustrations. This does not
 obligate me.

rAVMlT Electrical SCHOOL =

JL JEi H. C. LEWIS. Prtfl. FmmM 1899 -
500 S. Paalfata Street, Dept. Bl-81 Chicago, Illinois S

 Name.

 Address.
 City.....

 .State.

Coyne students
Setting actual
experience on
one of my biff
synchronous
converters!

UUI
THE TIME PROJECTOR_______________________________________________t...............................152

(In Two Parts—Part One) by David Lasser and David H. Keller, M.D.

     There burst upon the world this monstrous machine, this ’power supreme .... the
     world tumbled into chaos ....

THE PLANET OF DESPAIR by R. F. Starzl_____________________________________190

     To save his race, he gambled in a desperate venture with the soulless Plutonians. .

THE CITY OF SINGING FLAME by Clark Ashton Smith ______________________________202

     In the city of strange wonders, the lure of the flame drew them on and on ... .
     destruction loomed ahead ....

THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER by Dennis McDermott ____________________________214

     Faced with the exile that meant death, Gulliver battled desperately in the space
     ship’s control room ....

REBELLION—5000 A.D! by Garth Bentley_____________________________________224

    “A new day dawns” they shouted in their mastersf faces, as the man from the
    twentieth century led on ... *

A DARING TRIP TO MARS by Max Valier (Translated by Francis Currier) --------254

    Into the comet's deadly bosom they plunged .... a hundred-to-one chance to
    escape ....

WHAT IS YOUR SCIENCE KNOWLEDGE?___________________________________________253

SCIENCE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS______________________276

THE READER SPEAKS—Letters From Readers-------------------278

ON THE COVER this month, from Clark Ashton Smith's “City of Singing Flame”, we see
    the strange monstrosities, inhabitants of a land unknown to our heroes, getting ready
    to plunge themselves into the flame’s heart. Our two visitors into this strange dimen-
    sion are barely able to keep themselves from yielding to the flame's irresistible lure.

 WONDER STORIES—Monthly—Entered as second class matter In	in United States and Its possessions. In Canada and 'orelgn

 the PoBt Office a. New York N Y.. under act of March 3.	countries. J3.00 u year Single copies 25c.

 Ig79 Title registered U 8 Patent Office Trademarks and	Address all contributions for "ubllcation to Editor, WONDEB

 copyrights by permission of Gernsback Publications. Inc.. 98	STORIES. 96-98 Park Place, New York. Publisher* are not

 Park Place. New Ycrk City, ownor of all trademark rlehts.	responsible for lost MSS. Contributions cannot be returned un-

 C„pyr!ght. 1931. by Gernsback Publications. Inc. Text and il-	lean authors remit full onstage

 lustrations of this magazine are copyright and must not be re-	WONDEB STOBIES is for tale at principal newsstands In tba

produced without permission of the copyright owners.	United States and Canada.

WONDER STORIES is published on the 3rd of the preceding	CHANGE Of ADDRESS Always give ui old as well ai new

 month. 12 oumoer* per year, subscription price is $2.50 a year	address and notify us as far In advance a* possible.

                     STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION
M. GERNSBACK, Pres.	S. GERNSBACK, Treas.	I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec’y*

                       Editorial, Publication and General Offiee*. 96-98 Park Place. New York City.

                        Chicago Advertising Representative—L. F. McClure. 737 North Michigan Ave.
                        l.os Angeles Advertising Representative—Loyd B. Chappell. 611 South Coronado 8t.

     London Agent: Hachett<> & Cie..	Paris Ageni Hacheuc & Cle. Australian Agents McGill's Agency.

8 La Belle Sauvuge. Ludgate Hill, E. C. 4	111 Rue Reaumur	179 Elizabeth St., Melbourne

- 146 -

Vol. 3, No. 2	TABLE OF CONTENTS	July, 1931
WONDER STORIES

STUDENTS WORKING ON FILM SCANNING MACHINE OF OUR MODERN TELEVISION TRANSMITTER

LEARN RADIO-TELEVISION
HIKING PICTURES'IO WEEKS

  By Actual Work •••In The Great Shops of Coyne

 Don’t spend your life slaving away in
 some dull, hopeless job! Don't be sat-
 isfied to work for a mere $20 or $30 a
 week. Let me show you how to make
 REAL MONEY IN RADIO—THE
 FASTEST-GROWING, BIGGEST
 MONEY-MAKING GAME on Earth!

Jobs Leading to Salaries

Of S*o, $70 aWeek aa« Up

 Job* as Designer, Inspector and Tester, pay-
 ing $3,000 to SI9.M0 a year—as Radio Sales*
 man and in Service and Installation Work, at
 $45 to SIM a week — as Operator or Manager
 of a Broadcasting Station, at S1.M0 to $5,000 a
 year—as Wireless Operator on a Ship or Air-
 plane, as a Talking Picture or Sound Expert
 — HUNDREDS Of OPPORTUNITES for fas-
 cinating, BIG PAY JOBS!

NO BOOKS-NO LESSONS

ALL PRACTICAL WORK

 Coyne is NOT a Correspondence School. We
 don’t attempt to teach you from books or les-
 sons. We train you on the finest outlay of Ra-
 dio, Television and Sound eouipment in any
 school—on scores of modem Radio Receivers,
 j the very latest
 'alking Picture and
 , Code Practice

 equipment, etc. Yon don't need advanced educa-
 tion or previous experience. We give you—right
 here in the Coyne Shops—all the actual prac-
 tice and experience you’ll need. And because
 we cut out all useless theory, yon graduate aa
 a Practical Radio Expert in 10 weeks’ time.

TELEVISION

IS NOW HERE!

 And TELEVISION is already here! Soon there’ll
 be a demand for THOUSANDS of TELEVI-
 SION EXPERTSI The man who learns Televi-

sion NOW can make a FORTUNE in this great

_ of this

izing	___1‘ _____

COYNEand learn Television on the very latest.

 new field. Get in on the ground-floor of___I

 amazing new Radio development! Come to

 on actual Talking Picture and Sound Repro-
 duction equipment.

Earn asYou Learn

 You Get FREE Employment Service for Life.
 And don’t let lack of money stop you. If yon
 need part-time work while at school to help pay
 living expense®, we gladly help you get it.
 Many of our student* pay nearly all of their
 expenses that way. Mall the coupon below
 for full particulars!

Coyne is 32 Years Old

 Coyne Training Is tested, proven beyond all

 newest Television equipment.

Talking Pictures

  A GREAT FIELD

 yoo can go into busincsa for yourself and earn
 from *3,000 to 116,000 a year. It costs NOTHINQ
 to investigate! Just MAIL THE COUPON for
 YOUR COPY OF MY BIG FREE BOOK.1

 Talking Pictures and Public Ad-
 dress Systems offer thousands! of
 golden opportunities to the Trained
 Radio Man. Here is a great new
 field of Radio work that has just
 NOW

 fa. C. LEWIS, President
 I Radio Division, Coyne Electrical School

 I 500 S. Paulina St., Dept.Bl-SHChicago, 111.

Send me your Biar Free Radio Book and all details

H. C. Lewis, Pres. Radio Division Founded 1899

I

COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL j

SOO S. Paulina Street, Dept. B1-8H Chicago, Illinois |

          an._ Here is a great new

 started to	PrepareWw I »ena ««*©ur	Kad.oittoKana ailaetaus

 for these marvelous opportunities! | of yonr Special Introductory Offer. IhlH does not

 Learn Radio Sound work at Coyne ■ obligato me in any way.

 Name.

 Address.
 City.....

 State.
148

WONDER STORIES

 NEW SCIENCE FICTION

 WE present to the readers of WONDER STORIES the most complete selection «f recent Important science fiction. We have
 selected these books because they are the foremost of their kind today. There is such a great variety that it will satisfy
 any taste that any student of science fiction might have.

  We have no catalog and ask you to be kind enough to order direct from this page. Prompt shipments will be made. Remit by
  money order or certified check. If you send cash, be sure to register it. No C.O.D.'s. Books sent prepaid in U. S. A.
  Add postage for foreign countries.	_ _

by Muriel
coven. Size 5 Vi
Price

   MUKARA

Bruce, 275 pages, stiff cloth

$2.50

 8.

Explorations Into the unknown parts of our
globe aro revealing the most astonishing re-
mains of ancient Civilization. On the
basis of the notes of the Fawcett expedition.
Bruco ha3 constructed a most thrilling story
of the meeting of our civilization with one
whose strangeness mystery and power over
nature will a3tound you.

TARRANO THE CONQUEROR

by Ray Cummings. 350 pages, stiff cloth
covers. Size 5 x 7Vi.	$2.00

Mr. Cummings is a master of science fic-
tion. and in this story he achieves the
summit of his power. Interplanetary war-
fare rages through hi3 dynamic page3, over
continents and planet3 Btalk3 the terrifying
figure of Tarrano—the merciless. A story
of the year 2100 A. I>. but so realistic
that you will live each page.

THE WORLD BELOW

by S. Fowler Wright. 350 pages, stiff cloth

$2.00

covers. Size 5
Price------

 7 Vi.

What could the man of today really do and
accomplish If ho were thrown into the world
or 5.1100,000 A. D. ? What would he do
when confronted with his own race incredibly
aged? A richly imaginative novel, that will
shake you from your seat and leave you
breathless with wonder.

GREEN FIRE

by John Talne. 300 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 7Vi.	$2.00

Someone has been tampering with the uni-

Serse. This is a powerful novel—Intensely
pallstic, yet weird and fantastic—of two
rival scientists who struggle to gain con-
trol of the terrible energy within the atom
—one for good and one for evil.

THE MAN WHO MASTERED TIME

by Ray Cummings. 350 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5 x 7%.__________ $2.00

20.000 years into the future spod the young
adventurer, a thrill with the possibilities
Tor glory and romance! But a world filled
with turmoil, war. upheaval and strange
hates and lusts met him. He went into
an ago of the unbelievable, almost the im-
possible.

THE EARTH TUBE

by Gawain Edwards. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 5* x 7%.__$2.00

The popular author of "The Rescue” and
“The Return from Jupiter" achieves an-
other success in this powerful novel. A
tube through the earth .... an invincible
army possessed of strange scientific weapons
capturing South America. Mr. Edwards i3
a rising star on the horizon of science
fiction, and in this volume he exceeds him-
self.

THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE

by Richard Tooker. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

S^e 5 x 7%l	$2.50

covers.

Price

The author, with an original conception
goes back into the dim past of our earth
to re-crcate what is unknown to us! With
consummate skill he builds up the life of
our primordial ancestor, prehistoric man.
Mr. Tooker lias achieved a triumph of the
human imagination.

   - THE PURPLE CLOUD

by M. P. Shlel. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 5V4 x 7%. _ $2.50

The thrill and the danger of a trip to un-
known portions of the globe for an enorm-
ous reward .... madness creeping on deso-
late men . . . the return of one man to
civilization to find he is the only living
being on earth. A most astounding por-
trayal of a world catastrophe.

DOCTOR FOGG

by Norman Matson. 165 pages, stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 7%.	$2.00

Doctor Fogg has created a most astonishing
invention, his sway extends to the further-
est stars ... he has created life .... But
a world filled with greed . . . envy ....
deadly curiosity burst down upon this harm-
less man to invade his life and fill his
days with madness......

MAZA OF THE MOON

by Otis Adelbert Kline. 340 pages. Stiff

cloth covers. Size 5Vi x 7Vi- $2.00

The desire of all of us to find some living
beings on the moon is answered in this
story filled with thrills and startling ad-
ventures. Across the interplanetary spaces
go our heroes to unknown, breathless experi-
ences .... to take part in interplanetary
warfare....

QUAYLE'S INVENTION

by John Taine. 450 pages. Stiff cloth

eovers. Size 5% x 7%. $2.00

"You are a menace to civilization," said
the banker to young Quayie, and left the
inventor to die upon the sun-scorched island.
But with superhuman courage Quayie strug-
gles against pitiless nature to return to
civilization. There Is also the secrot of
his invention, that can make the young man
master of the planet. Scicnco fiction of
the most extraordinary power.

THE PURPLE SAPPHIRE

by John Taine, 325 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5Vi x 7 Vi.	<£2 00

From the depths of Thibet camo the strange
purple sapphires, jewels of startling value
and great beauty. Into the heart of this
unknown land in search of fabulous wealth
went two men and a girl to the most un-
usual adventures that befcl human beings.

IN THE BEGINNING

by Alan Sullivan. 305 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5V4 x 7 Vi.	$2.00

Adventures lhat outdo the famous "Mys-
terious Island" of Jules Verne. A million
years have vanished over the heads of
strange, bizarre creatures that our explorers
find. A conflict between men of the 20th
century and the Pleistocene men and
women who speak in clucks and do not
cvon know firo ....

THE GREATEST ADVENTURE

by John Taine. 250 pages. Stiff cloth

.....8toe 6* *7*- ......._ $2.50

A body of scientists are plunged into the
most terrifying of adventures, into conflict
with pitiless nature when she deems it timo
for a gigantic display of her power....
truly a great adventure story.

RALPH I24C 4H-

A Romance of the Year 2CR0 by Hugo
Gernsback. 300 pages. Illustrated. Stiff

cloth covers. Size 5V4 x 7 Vi. $2.00

Not since the publication of the stories of
Jules Verne has there appeared such a book.
Mr. Gernsback, Editor of WONDER
STORIES, with a keen insight into the
progress of the world, has constructed a
brilliant setting in the year 2G60 for hia
romance.

Ralph's tremendous battle through Inter-
planetary space, with its tragedy and terror,
and the use of the most Incredible weapons,
that will some day come true, make a
classic of science fiction.

SCIENCE PUBLICATIONS “SFKSgVTT"
WONDER STORIES

149

\U0 SIAM MING DOORS

a Dap

9 ^ M Bill 1 .fclf

Fully
Guaranteed

Here is the greatest door silencer ever invent-
ed ! Here is a fortune for men who act quick
and grab the agency for this new patented in-
vention. The Kant-Slam Door Check closes
doors easily, quickly and noiselessly, with a
touch of the finger. The Kant-Slam can
easily be adjusted to close any door at any
speed by turning the handy little screw at the
top of the check. It is the only low priced

   toSaleshnenf

Amazing New Invention
KANT-SLAM DOOR CHECK
Doors Silently and Auto*
matically — Operates on New Oil
Principle —Everlasting—*Low
Priced —NEW

door check in the world that keeps a door
open when you want it that way. It is built
on new oil principle which assures a lifetime
of perfect service. Works as well in cold
weather as in hot weather. Takes only two
minutes to install with a screw driver. Any
boy can do it. It is the lowest priced prac-
tical door check on the market, and pays a big
commission!

“Sold 6
in 2 Hours"

This enthusiastic report
comes from R. F. Culver,
of Michigan.

“One installation sold 6
more,” says J. C. Adams,
Ohio.

"Fourteen orders in 1 day,”
Outcalt, Ohio.

J. C. Woodruff, Minn., sold
7 in one afternoon.

“Four calls — three orders,”

F. E. McDaniel, Indiana.

r

Fall Sized Sample on Miniature Door Furnished

 Kant-Slam salesmen work with an actual sample of this amazing invention mounted on
 a light weight miniature door. You walk into any home, office, store, or factory build-
 ing. In five minutes you convince the man by actual demonstration that the Kant-Slam
 will close his doors quietly. You explain that millions of dollars are lost every year by
 slamming doors which break the glass. You point out that tons of coal are wasted
 every winter by doors standing open. Show him that he can easily afford a Kant-Slam
 for every door. In a few minutes the man will order, one, two, three or more.

At Last — A Specialty That Sells in Quantity

 Usually you can take only one order from a customer for a specialty. But with the
 Kant-Slam you can take orders for as many doors as there are in any home, office, store
 or factory. Prospects everywhere! Four and five profits on every call where you other-
 wise make only one! Think that over! Slamming, banging, noisy doors are every-
 where. Banish them, and banish the danger of broken glass by demonstrating this re-
 markable invention. No wonder you can make up to $15 a day easily!

                 Mail Coupon for
                 Trial Offer

                                                This proposition is new. You can
                                                easily get in on the , ground floor
                                                and reserve a choice territory.
                                                Rush your name on the coupon
                                                below for complete details and
                                                FREE TRIAL OFFER. Or wire
                                                us for action.

KANT-SLAM DOOR CHECK CO.

Dept.	Bloomfield, Ind.

                                                                  Kant-Slam Door
                                                                  Check
                                                                  Dept. J-38
                                                                  Bloomfield, Ind.

                                                                          Gentlemen: Please rush

                                                          details of FREE TRIAL OFFER—I am in-
                                                          terested in agency for Kant-Slam Door Check.

         Name ....................................

                  Address ................................

                        Town ..................State ............
150

WONDER STORIES

H. G. WELLS depitfts life!

AN EPIC

forever to be remembered

THE SCIENCE OF LIFE

The Story of all Things Living

Most Startling Truths About—

A BIRD WHO “SETS A
STAGE” FOR HIS OWN
WEDDING

THAT HUMAN BODIES CON-
TAIN SEVERAL GYRO-
SCOPES

THAT HUMAN BEINGS
HAVE FISHES* GILL AND
MONKEYS’ TAILS

THE FROG THAT HAD NO
FATHER

A HYPNOTIZED CRAYFISH

THE AGE OLD CHIN OF
KING ALFONSO

THE THIRD SEX OF SCIENCE

AN OLD MAN AT 13

THE ROOSTER THAT LAYS
EGGS

and hundreds of other phenom-

 inal discoveries are unfolded in

 this thrilling drama—

    EVEALED to us by H. G. Wells are the profound
 mysteries of science—narratives of nature’s life that for
 the longest time have never been disclosed. Finally, in amaz-
 ing truths, the riddles of life—of living things, plants, rep-
 tiles, mammals, fish, insects, man, etc., that have puzzled
 scientists through the ages are dramatized by this world-
 famous author.

 A reading of each volume is thoroughly convincing that the
 chapters are unforgettable; you will enjoy and understand
 these books—find them helpful and most enlightening.

 Your library should contain “The Science of Life,” in 4 vol-
 umes—H. G. Wells greatest works since his famous Outline
 of History.

4 Epoch-making Volumes

The Science of Life is published in 4 Vol-
umes, 6%x9% inches, durably bound in
'"black vellum cloth with gold stamped cover.
The entire set contains 1548 pages, profuse-
ly illustrated with diagrams, charts and
photographs. This stupendous work con-
tains more than 600,000 words, printed on
an excellent quality of paper with type that
eases reading and prevents eye-strain. This
set of books will last a life-time.

Complete in 4 Volumes

RUSH COUPON TODAY

GRENPARK COMPANY	WS-7

245 Greenwich Street, New York, N. Y.

I enclose herqyrith $6.00 for which you are to send
me, postage prepaid, H. G. Wells latest works, “The
Science of Life,’’ complete in four volumes, the price
for which is $12.00. Within the next 30 days I will
send you the balance) of $6.00, making a total of
$12.00 for the, set. If remittance is sent in full, 10%
may be deducted.

Name ........................................

Address —--------------------------------

State ..........................................
VOLUME 3 Wonder    JULY 
 No. 2   wwStories 1931 
Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact

                          Hugo Gernsback, Editor-in-Chief
    DAVID LASSER, Managing Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Editor

                C. P. MASON, Associate Editor	_

WONDERS OF THE MACHINE AGE

By HUGO GERNSBACK

T is a curious failing of the
human race, that it has never
been able to look to the future
and to apply the lessons of
| past history to its own benefit.
Yet, we all know that the
future is made by the past; and the trite
saying, “History repeats itself,” is a proved
fact

  At the present time, when humanity finds
itself in the throes of a world-wide depres-
sion, everybody is looking for light on the
subject; and people ask
themselves what is the
cause of the depression,
and particularly of un-
employment.

  Of late, a certain
school of thought has
cried persistently that
all our present trou-
bles, particularly un-
employment, are direct-
ly traceable to our
“Machine Civilization.”

This attitude has been
taken up by many econ-
omists and indeed,
many so-called indus-
trialists; and many
books have been writ-
ten on the subject. By
reading this abundant
literature, the reader
very often will come to
the conclusion that
there must be some-
thing in their beliefs
and that, indeed, the
“machine monster” is
beginning to swallow humanity and, pretty
soon, we will be all at the mercy of the
machine.

  We need not get very excited about the
statements o| these “authorities”; because
in the past it has been found that many
authorities were usually wrong in their
outlook on the future. Only about 25 years
ago one of our greatest economists made
the statement that by this - time (that is,
around 1930) there would not be enough
wheat grown to keep the world’s population
from starving. Everybody can see the fool-

ishness of that statement, because we have
today more wheat than we have ever had.

  Twenty years ago, an internationally-
known scientist predicted that by 1925 the
available petroleum would be exhausted.
Yet, in 1931, we find the price of petroleum
falling because we have too much of it.

  When the automobile first came along,
experts all over the world told us that it
was the death-knell of the horse. Yet, in
the United States in 1922 more farm horses
were living and in service than there were
before the advent of
the automobile in 1900.
(1900—18,267,000. In
1922 — 18,564,000.)
Since then horses have
declined somewhat, but
the automobile will
never make the horse
extinct.

  Then, it was confi-
dently predicted also
that the automobile
was putting the rail-
ways out of business;
and there are, even to-
day, many authorities
who still believe these
fairy tales when, as a
matter of fact, the rail-
ways are continually
gaining ground and
are now using the au-
to truck themselves as
a valuable adjunct to
their business!

  In the early ’30’s, a
well-known Patent Ex-
aminer in Washington
threw up his job because he had become
convinced from his studies that everything
worthwhile had been invented, and that
there was no future for him in the Patent
Office. That was before the day of the
telephone, the X-Ray, the automobile, the
airplane, radio, and thousands of other in-
ventions made in the last sixty years. Yet,
■here was an expert in his line who could
not see further than his nose, but he was
certain that he was right; otherwise he
would, of course, not have made such a
colossal fool of himself.

(Continued on Page 284)

151

  STATEMENT OF POLICY

 IN the present editorial, Mr.
 Hugo Gernsback not only
 sets forth an interesting dis-
 course on the Machine Age
 but, at the same time, dispels
 a number of erroneous views
 held by various so-called au-
 thorities.

   Incidentally, the subject is
 intimately linked with Sci-
 ence Fiction, and we know
 that it will be of more than
 passing interest to our read-
 ers.

   We would very much like
to learn from our readers
how they feel on this impor-
tant subject.

THE PUBLISHERS.
 The Time Projector

       By David Lasscr and Dr* D* H* Keller

                                                               (Illustration by Paul)
The body of the monster was filled with an enormous number of
delicate pieces of mechanism, like the works of a gargantuan watch.

152
THE TIME PROJECTOR

153

CAROL DUNFREY was the richest
bachelor in the world, but no one
would have suspected it by looking at him.
He accepted his wealth just as he did the
sunshine and his glorious health and thanked
all those who refrained from reminding him
of them. Neither his stocks and bonds nor
his real estate had been able to secure him
happiness or keep from
his life the sorrow that
come to all from the
death of loved ones.

  His father, Frank
Dunfrey, had died sud-
denly three months be-
fore from angina pec-
toris. His mother sur-
vived his father only a
few weeks; and though
the physicians had
diagnosed her case as
myocarditis, Carol
knew that it was real-
ly caused by grief.

  Both parents gone
within a month! No
relatives left, not even
a sister or cousin.

Frank Dunfrey had
left behind him the
Dunfrey millions and
only one person to use
them. Naturally more
than one eligible young
lady anxiously await-
ed the end of the per-
iod of mourning when
Mr. Carol Dunfrey
would again return to
New York society.

  Carol ate dinner this
evening in a decided
depression. The but-
ler told the cook that
unless something hap-
pened the Master would starve to death,
whereupon the cook told the butler that if
that happened they might as well order a
funeral for two, because if they could not
make him eat, they might as well all die
and be done with it. Peter Pimpkins, Car-
ol’s valet, eating with his usual hearty ap-

 petite, overheard the conversation, and de-
 termined to see what could be done about
 it

   He awaited Carol in the latter’s room.
 “Are you changing for the opera to-
 night, sir?” he asked.

   “You know I have not been to the opera
 for four years.”

                   “May I suggest a
                 brisk walk up the
                 Drive?”

                   “I am staying at
                 home tonight, Pimp-
                 kins.”

                      “Do not think that
                    I am bold, sir, but you
                    should get out more.
                    Patrick tells me that
                    you would not even let
                    him cut the steak this
                    evening, and took only
                    one oyster.”

                    “Patrick was cor-
                  rect, and it was a small
                  oyster. But the food
                  was not wasted, Pimp-
                  kins. The food, I am
                  sure, was not wasted.”
                  “You are right, sir.
                  The oysters were de-
                  licious and the steak
                  could not be surpassed,
                  but that does not keep
                  you alive, sir.”

                      “I think that I am
                    still alive.”

                      “But we are afraid
                    of the future. May I
                    suggest a little music
                    with your meals? I
                    was reading an article
                    the other day of the
                    effect of music on milk
                    production and it
                    seems the cows do
                    much better on classical music than jazz—”

   “But I am not a cow.”

   “You have a very fine suit, sir, which you
 have never worn. A quiet blue, with a lit-
 tle white stripe. It is an excellent dress for
 the morning. Perhaps a brisk walk tomor-

Y WE grea* pieasure\

  ** in presenting to our
  readers this original and
  intensely interesting story
  from the pens of Dr. Keller
  and our managing editor.
  Without praising it unduly,
  we believe that it strikes
  out into a field of science
  fiction that has been left
  somewhat untouched—and
  that is the vivid portrayal
  of the effect of a monster
  invention on human life.

    We all know the feeling
  of the terrific confusion of
  our lives, that assails us
  every so often. We feel as
  though we were caught in
  a whirlpool of events, and
  instead of being the “mast-
  ers of our fate** we are the
  veriest pawns of unknownt
  uncontrollable destiny.

     From this lack of control,
   our great unhappiness
   springs. But what if we
   could control our destinies,
   and avoid the pitfalls of
   errors that plunge us into
   misery, and bring us face
   to face every day with
   death and desolation? That
   thought, this absorbing
   story deals with in a grim,
   realistic and convincing
   manner. We commend it to
   ^our readers.
154

WONDER STORIES

row morning would be stimulating to your
appetite.”

  Carol opened his wallet and took out a
twenty dollar bill.

  “You are a perfect valet. Perhaps, at
times you are too perfect. I believe that
you can wear my clothes to perfection. Will
you please dress for a show and supper af-
terwards and enjoy yourself at my expense.
On second thought I will add extra bills
for Patrick and two ladies you may happen
to know. Perhaps the housekeeper and the
first maid will join you.”

  “You are too kind, sir. Your generos-
ity—”

  “It is not generosity, Peter, it is simply
a desire to
spend the
evening alone.

I want to
think.”

 “But we
would not in-
trude.”

  “Not delib-
erately,
you would re-
main up to
help me- re
tire, and Pat-
rick would re-
main up to
serve me in
case I cough-
ed or dropped	DAVID LASSER
my handker-
chief and the housekeeper and the first maid
would stay up to talk over old times and
gossip as to who will be the next lady in
this great house. And though I sit alone in
the library I would feel all of you present
and I would know that all of you would be
unhappy because I am unhappy. So I
want you to go out and have a good time.”
“Your parents were fine to us all, sir.”
Pimpkins said irrelevantly.

  “They were kind to everybody. But I
think that you had better go, Peter,” ob-
served Carol. “The ladies will want to dress
for the show, and when you come back
please walk quietly because I do not want
to be disturbed—and Peter!”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “How old was I when you started to work
for father?”

  “You were just a little boy, sir, I be-
lieve.”

  “I wish I were a little boy tonight,
Peter.”

ALONE in the library, comfortable in
his reading jacket, Carol Dunfrey slow-
ly opened an envelope. For a moment he hes-
itated in removing and inspecting the piece
of paper that it held.

  “But I guess it is time to be serious,” he
                              thought fingering the envelope. He noted
                              his father’s writing, “TO BE OPEN-
                              ED THREE
                              MONTHS AF-
                              TER MY
                              DEATH.”

                           “It must be
                           a special mes-
                           for me.

                       not wish to
                       put in the
                       book of mem-
                       oranda he left
                       garding h i s
                       business en-
                       terprises. It
                       must be some-
                       thing serious.
                       Odd. No name
                       for it.

  “At times father made me feel that his
most important business in life was some-
thing that nobody knew anything about.
Yet why should he have been so secretive?
And did mother know? Yes, she must have,
for at times I felt that both of them had
something terrible weighing on them, that
no one else in the world could know.”

DAVID H. KELLER, M.D.

  Carol, sighing, removed the paper from
the envelope and unfolding it carefully
smoothed the creases. He looked at the
heading, “My dear son,” and then at the
signature, “Yomr loving father, Frank Dun-
frey.”

  Then he settled himself in his chair, put
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

155

the paper in a good light and began to read
the message. It was brief.

  “My dear son:

     As soon as you can, after reading
  this letter, visit Henry Booth. It is the
  desire of your parents that you devote
  your time and resources to assisting
  this man in every way possible. As
  soon as you are ready to see Booth,
  phone Manhattan 6384 and simply tell
  ■ whoever answers that you are Carol
  and that you want help. The man
  you speak to will advise you. After
  seeing Booth return to New York and
  ask the President of the Dunfrey Na-
  tional Bank for a letter from me. Your
  work in this matter will be of the
  greatest service to mankind. I will
  not live to see its completion but I
  want you to carry on.

           p Your loving father,

                       Frank Dunfrey.”
Carol read the letter over three times be-
fore he replaced it in the envelope. He in-
dulged in a habit which came ,from his years
of solitude and talked it over to himself.

  “Now who would have thought that good
old, sensible Dad would have gone in for
mystery stuff like that? He wants me to
see a man by the name of Booth, and says
that by helping him I can be of the great-
est service to humanity.

   “To humanity . . . . ”

  The word had a curious sound to Carol.
Ever a student, immersed in art and liter-
ature from his boyhood days, he found him-
self at twenty-four almost entirely ignor-
ant of the great bustling world about him.

  Humanity meant generally the mobs of
people who composed the great cities; and
from them and their feverish activity, Carol
had always shrunk.

  Now, together with the burdens of ad-
ministering his vast estates, there had come
this curious enigmatic letter with the strange
words, “service to humanity.”

  Carol got up and paced the room rest-
lessly. He loved his father too much to
ignore the request entirely, yet he shrank
from what it might mean to comply with
it. He had planned to turn the care of his
interests over to Bowden, president of the

Dunfrey National, and then to travel for
two years into odd corners of the earth—
perhaps with Joan—

  Now this thing had intruded itself—But
his father’s wish. Impulsively he reached*
for a telephone.

  “Manhattan 6384, please.”

  After a moment came a cool, polite mas-
culine voice: “Yes?” Carol bit his lip.
“This is Carol, and I want help.”

A Mysterious Message

THERE was a trace of suppressed excite-
ment in the voice of the stranger when
ho said, “Yes .... Mr. Carol . . . when
can I meet you?”

  “Why?” asked Carol surprised. “I don’t
ui.derstand it at all.”

The man’s voice was now cool and in-
exorable. “I believe you want help?”
“Yes, of course,” Carol protested. He
saw that he must blindly follow this thing
out. “I will meet you any time you say.”
“Very good,” came the voice. “In a half
hour, in front of the lion at the northern
part of the steps of the Public Library on
Fifth Avenue. I will carry a malacca cane
and my name is Green. Please come alone.”
Before Carol had an opportunity to pro-
test there came the warning click of a re-
ceiver dropped and the buzzing of the
phone.

  Carol rang for his chauffeur. “The racer,
Tom. I will drive it.”

  Five minutes later he was speeding down
the drive.

  As he crossed Seventy-second Street to
enter Central Park, he found himself sud-
denly caught in a maze of traffic blocked
by hundreds of people trooping into the
Park by all entrances. It was fully five
minutes before the line of cars moved on.

  As Carol passed the traffic officer, the
latter’s reddish face lit up with pleasure.
“And good even’ to you, Mr. Dunfrey?
They’re all crazy, be gorry.” He nodded
enigmatically toward the thousands who
now seemed to be storming through the
Park. But Carol had whizzed by, and was
soon deep in the tunnel that connected the
west side of the city with Fifth Avenue.
156

WONDER STORIES

  It was precisely thirty-five minutes after
he had dropped the receiver in his room,
when he stopped his car in front of the
library on Fifth Avenue. In the shade of
the lion who guarded, with his stone
bulk, the eastern entrance to the building,
he saw a young man, leaning idly against
the wall, swinging a cane.

  Carol approached the figure.

  “Mr. Green?”

  The man who had appeared not to notice
the approach, looked up suddenly. “Yes,”
he answered in his insinuating cool way.
Dunfrey flushed. “I’m Carol.”

  Green nodded and then pointed his cane
toward the car. “Can we take a spin?”
“Yes, of course.” Carol led the way to
the car, and at the wheel looked question-
ingly at his companion.

  “Any place in particular?”

  “Let’s say, up the Avenue. I won’t take
long.”

  There was a moment of silence as the
car moved smoothly through the almost
deserted street. It was with a shock that
Carol realized how empty the street was. He
remembered suddenly the crowds at the
Park.

  “Is there a celebration of some sort?” he
asked Green, to begin the conversation.

  Green tapped his feet with his cane.
“Hardly,” he answered shortly; but went
on. “Mr. Dunfrey, if you want to see
Booth please follow these instructions.”
Dunfrey interrupted. “But I don’t un-
derstand all this—who is Booth?”

  “I don’t know,” answered Green, frank-
ly. “All that I can do is to tell you how
to get to him.”

  “Pardon me,” Carol stated. “I was
simply curious.”

  “Now then for the details,” Green went
on briskly. “Can you fly a plane?”

  “I practically grew up in one,” Carol
smiled.

  “Then you leave New York when you are
ready and fly to Washington. From Wash-
ington take the St. Louis air route. Two
hundred and ten miles west of Washington
turn due south for seventy-three miles. You
will find yourself then above the heart of
the Blue Ridge of West Virginia. At that

point you will connect your televisor for
broadcasting, and you will receive further
instructions.

  “If you are followed by another plane,
keep on going, circling about until there
ia no longer a .plane in sight. It is under-
stood that you are to reveal nothing of this
to anyone.”

  “Very well,” Carol sighed, “though it
scunds like a Phillips Oppenheim novel.”
Green smiled. “Perhaps. But we must
put nothing of this on paper. I suppose
you can remember it. When you are ready
t} leave, telephone me at Manhattan 6384.
If I do not answer, you will be told where
I can be found.”

“So that is all you want to tell me?”
Green nodded. “I will get off here.”
Carol drew up to a curb, took Green’s
proffered hand and watched the young man
walk jauntily across a side street.

CHAPTER II
The Pictures on the Cloud

CAROL drew a deep breath. The ad-
venture, whatever it was, whatever it
contained of dime-novel mystery and thrills
had begun. Out of his cloistered student’s
life, he had suddenly been precipitated into
some intrigue whose nature he could not
possibly fathom.

  As he continued slowly up the Avenue, he
turned over in his mind, in amazement, what
it could be that caused his father to be link-
ed up with what seemed like a cheap adven-
ture. And his mother .... suddenly he re-
membered one day when he had been walk-
ing in the garden with her. It was a week
after his graduation from Yale, and he
seemed very close to her. She had taken
his arm and said earnestly, “Carol, if you
ever have the chance I want you to be very
good to Henry Bqoth and help him.”

  Before he could remonstrate she had
changed the subject, as though she had al-
ready said too much, and had never spoken
of it again. What could it all mean?

  Carol had reached the Park and turned
into the driveway, moving along slowly.
Taken from his reverie he noticed suddenly
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

157

the throngs of people walking quickly to-
ward the center of the Park, talking eagerly
and looking skyward. Carol paid them lit-
tle attention until, at a crossing, his car was
halted by the never-ending throngs that
streamed across the road. He followed their
skyward glance and saw at last that all eyes
were directed at a wrhite puff of cloud that
floated slowly over the Park—a cloud mar-
ring an apparently cloudless sky.

  “Has it begun?” he heard someone ask.

  “It’s all over,” another answered.

  “I hope not,” said a third,” I came all
the way from Jersey to see it.”

  Finding his passage through the crowds
blocked, Carol at last turned back and
parked his car at the roadside. Then ab-
sorbed by curiosity he allowed himself to
be pushed along afoot by the hurrying
throngs.

  The main movement seemed directed in
a line with the motion of the curious cloud.
Carol, though no student of science, could
not help be stirred to wonder by this
flawless puff of white, some three hundred
feet long, that slowly floated through the
night sky barely above the tops of the
trees. It seemed to move with an anima-
tion and purposefulness all its own.

  Carol looked about at the faces of the
people in the madly moving flood. All
faces seemed eager, excited, breathless,
fearful, a^ though they were about to ex-
perience a thrilling yet terrifying sight.

  Carol could not help but capture this
queer emotion. He touched the arm of
one man.

  “What is it all about?”

  The man eyed him curiously and then
pulled away in haste. “The pitchers,” he
shouted, and then he had gone ahead and
was lost in the crowd.

  Carol was now thoroughly tired of it all
and tried to elbow his way out of the
throng. But his movements excited anger,
in thus disturbing the onrushing flood. He
finally gave dt up and allowed himself to
be pushed along.

  From other pathways, streaming across
the green, from the automobile roads other
streams moved on, an irresistible move-
ment of thousands toward some unknown

goal. From ahead, the chatter of thousands
was now becoming louder, and occasionally
there would come a loud strident voice and
then a cheer. There seemed to be a huge
gathering further on, and toward that gath-
ering his own stream was evidently direct-
ed.

  “Radical agitation!” flashed through
Carol’s mind, and at once he visualized
bearded men loudly berating muttering
thousands to revolt against their masters; he
saw the charge of the police and blood and
broken heads everywhere. Carol felt in-
wardly sick and once more attempted to el-
bow his wray from the crowds. But now
his own stream had been joined by others
until they presented an unbroken front
across the park as far as he could see.

  The voices ahead were becoming louder
and louder, the cheering and calling more
insistent, until finally on turning across
a path, Carol at last perceived an immense
open green into which were packed tens of
thousands of people. All eyes were di-
rected upward where, just beyond them,
now floating motionless, was the strange
cloud.

  As Carol watched, now in fascination,
a change seemed to be taking place in the
cloud. A faint glow was suffusing it as
though a strong unseen light had been di-
rected upon and through it. At once the
noises from the crowd ceased. Ten thou-
sand voices wrere instantly hushed and a
profound silence, that stirred Carol to the
depths, reigned over the vast field.

  The glow of the cloud seemed to become
more and more intense, and parts of the
surface were blurred, as though a dirty
smudge has been rubbed over it. But the
blur was dissolving into separate parts, un-
til finally to Carol’s amazement a picture
took shape on the face of the cloud! It
showed the calm bosom of the ocean and
upon its surface streaming toward them
was a great steamer. Its pace was evi-
dently furious, it seemed literally to eat up
the watery spaces. As it came closer, its
six funnels puffing smoke, one member of
the crowd shouted, “Why it’s the new
Pride of California, biggest thing afloat."
Finally from the center of the ship there
158

BONDER STORIES

came a soundless burst of white smoke, a
great pillar of flame. The ship rocked
slightly, and then like a wounded dog,
turned slowly on its side to settle deep into
the water. The whole event had taken but
a few minutes, until the great liner with
one end suddenly upturned, disappeared
beneath the waves.

  For a moment the crowd seemed stunned.
Then like the uneasy coming of the tornado,
there was loud laughing and yelling, swear-
ing and shouting. From all parts of the
dense throng, the uneasy passions of those
who had just witnessed a terrible catastro-
phe were raised against some unknown
malignant force that had overtaken the
steamer.

THE picture had disappeared from the
cloud and only the glow of the in-
tense light from some invisible source re-
mained.

  For a time the uproar of the crowd con-
tinued, and the tension of the past mo-
ments gave way to sudden desire for move-
ments of groups through the crowd. Carol
was pushed this way and that until finally
he found himself thrown against a woman
in front of him.

  “Beg pardon!” he muttered, as the wo-
man turned angrily. But then his face lit
with pleasure.

  “Joan! You here!”

  “Why, Carol, of all men!” The young
woman took his arm.

  “Oh, wasn’t it horrible!” she nodded to-
ward the cloud. Her face was sad and ser-
ious, yet intelligent and forceful.

  “But I don’t understand,” Carol said con-
fused. “What was it?”

  Joan allowed her usually serious expres-
sion to relax into a playful smile.

  “Oh I might have known, you are ignor-
ant of what goes on in your world. Haven’t
you read about the prophetic pictures?”

  “Prophetic? But come, can’t we get out
of this?”

  Joan pulled at his arm. “No, wait a few
minutes. There’s one more showing to-
night. That is if they keep to the same
schedule.”

  “But who are they?” Carol asked. “Is

the whole world mad?” But before Joan
could answer his question, the crowd had
suddenly grown silent, for the cloud was
again blurred and a picture gradually form-
ing.

  It was a city street, in an exclusive resi-
dential neighborhood. From a large im-
posing house a portly man emerged quickly.
As he walked toward the curb, he suddenly
clasped a hand to his heart, swayed and
fell heavily to the street.

  “Walter Billings!” the shout went up on
every side.

  “Is he dead?” one cried.

  “No, but he will be!” another shouted,
laughing.

  There were again loud confused shouts,
a virtual din so great that Joan clapped her
hands to her ears. The crowd were now
moving quickly to the park exits, again an
irresistible but purposeless movement, and
in its tide Carol and Joan were caught.
As they were hurried along, Carol had bare-
ly a chance to see the cloud moving swiftly
through the sky, receding in the distance
until it was lost to sight.

  Again on the street and able to move at
will, Carol led Joan to his parked car
where they seated themselves breathlessly.

  “Whew!” Joan exclaimed. “The power
of the people is felt at last.” She slumped
back, exhausted. “Take me home, please.”

  Maneuvering through the streams of peo-
ple, Carol at last reached the upper part of
the avenue, turned west to the Drive and
sped along its upper reaches toward the
home of Joan at Hastings-on-the-Hudson.

        CHAPTER III.
     - How It Happened

SOON the city was left behind, as the
car sped through the little villages
dotted by great spacious estates, that lined
the river. Joan was silent, immersed in
thought and Carol, with questions bursting
for expression, did not intrude.

  It was good enough to have Joan here
with him, and to play the role of protector
to her against the unruly mobs they had
escaped from.
THE TIME PROJECTOR

159

    One sentence escaped her as they climbed
  the long hill leading into Hastings.

    “So, Walter Billings!”

    If this were not the cool sane Joan be-
  side him, Carol would have 'believed that
  the whole of the events of the evening, from
  the enigmatic letter of his father, to the
  mysterious Green, the cloud pictures and the
  devastating mobs, were the outbursts of a
  world gone suddenly mad.

    As he drove carefully through the road-
  way in the Blake estate, Joan suddenly
  awakened. “You’ll come in for awhile?”
  Carol nodded, and when they had reach-
  ed the doorway he helped her out and fol-
  lowed her into the house.

     Noticing a light in the great living room,
  Joan entered, Carol following.

    At the further end near the opened win-
  dow, William Blake, Joan’s father, sat read-
  ing. He looked up as they entered.

    “See whom I’ve found, Dad.”

    Blake was a noted attorney, a member,
  Carol knew, of the Dunfrey group of inter-
  ests. It had been through his father’s bus-
  iness connections with Blake, that he had
  met Joan. He had not seen Blake since
  his mother’s funeral.

    “How are you, Carol?” Blake asked
  sympathetically. He was a big, ruddy man
  with Joan’s grave penetrating eyes.

    “Very well,” Carol shook the offered
  hand.

    They all sat down, and tea was brought.
  “Well, what did you see?” Blake address-
  ed his daughter.

    Joan’s face clouded. “The new Pride of
  California blew up, daddy, and Walter Bill-
  ings died suddenly on the street.”

    Blake rose suddenly, “What! It can’t be
  true. Why these things are horrible!”
  “But true,” Joan reminded gently. She
  turned to Carol. “But I see you don’t un-
  derstand.”

    Carol shook his head hopelessly.

    Joan settled in her chair. “Two weeks
  ago,” she began, “people were amused to
  find one morning all over the city, notices
  of so-called cloud pictures to be shown
  t above the mall of Central Park that night.
  The notices were in the form of posters on

walls, pamphlets left on doorsteps, little
sheets handed out by boys, who didn’t know
who hired them .... notices in the news-
papers

  “Inserted by unknown scoundrels,” Blake
put in bluntly.

  Joan gave her father a reproving look.
“You must have been out of the city then,”
she continued to Carol. “But the'city took
it as a joke especially when the notices
stated that these cloud pictures were pre-
view showings as it were, of events to take
place the next day. There followed a few
words about the time and place, and then
the cryptic last sentence, ‘You shall know
the truth and the truth shall make you
free’____”

  “Humbug!” Blake grunted.

  “Naturally, there was a large crowd at
the Park that evening; laughing gayly, pre-
pared for an entertainment of some strange,
novel kind. Behind it, was evidently some
publicity hoax, as newspapers believed, or
some new stock swindle. But the pictures
on the cloud, by some means that no one
has yet discovered, showed a heavy rainfall
in northern Michigan and the washout of a
railroad track. A flyer from Chicago was
derailed and many passengers killed ....

  “Naturally, the scene of this tragedy
sobered the audience, and puzzled them con-
siderably, for this was not the entertainment
they expected. There was a lot of mutter-
ing about why these scenes were permitted
to be shown. But, Carol, believe me, I was
there that evening, and it was all so uncan-
ny and frightening, with that ghostly white
cloud moving so purposefully across the
Park, and then hanging above the Mall, with
the pictures flickering across it and the si-
lent frightened crowds. I came almost to
believe in witchcraft . . . . ”

  “Or some new scientific humbuggery,”
Blake said angrily.

  “I think you’re right,” Carol interrupted.

  Joan shot an angry look at him. “Just
wait and hear this!” she retorted. “The
picture had disappeared from the cloud and
then came another, one of Senator Buffing,
you know, that great pompous gentleman
who orates so magnificently about nothing
160

WONDER STORIES

every so often—that gentleman known for
his bigotry and intolerance. The picture
showed the Senator being driven along a
Virginia road. His car became stuck in the
mud, and he got out indignantly, apparent-
ly to see why mere mud should retard a
great statesman’s progress. But just as he
reached the rear wheel to remonstrate with
the lowly mud, his chauffeur started the
car and the great statesman was covered
with the mud from head to foot.

  “Everyone in the audience laughed at
this, and when the picture finally disap-
peared and the cloud moved away, the peo-
ple went home feeling that they had not
been cheated after all ... .

  “But imagine everyone’s surprise when
both events were duly recorded in the news-
papers two days later. The cloud pictures
had predicted what would happen the day
after they were shown!”

BLAKE had lost his satire. He shook
his head. “A terrible power, if it
exists . . . . ”

  “But daddy,” Joan protested, “We know
that it does exist .... we’ve, at least I
have, seen pictures every other evening for
two weeks now .... even the newspapers ad-
mit that someone has the uncanny power
to predict what is to happen the next day.”
Blake wiped his face with his handker-
chief .... “A terrible power .... it’s
. . . . it’s unbelievable . . . . ”

  “But let me go on . . . .” Joan said.
“Every other night these pictures have been
shown to greater and greater crowds who
have been dropping their doubts and are be-
ing filled with the awe of this powerful
force. As you saw, Carol, tens of thou-
sands go there, to see and believe.....”

  Carol shook his head .... “I can’t be-
lieve it ... . there must be a trick . . .

  Blake got up and paced about the floor.
“Frankly, I wish I could honestly feel that
way, Carol. But I think Joan is right.
The power of the thing is only too evident.
The events that have been shown are too
much a matter of natural forces, and are too
widely separated to be the result of any
trickery .... I shudder to think of it, but
I must admit that in the hands of some man

or men there exists the most terrible power
that a human being ever wielded.”

  Carol nodded. “Terrible, yes .... isn’t
anything known of what is behind it?”
Blake shook his head. “Nothing at pre-
sent. The government as usual, pretends
that it knows nothing about it ... . and
that no such power exists. The newspapers
treat it as a two weeks’ sensation, warning
their readers slyly that tomorrow surely the
hoax behind it will be exposed .... But
the business leaders are becoming worried.
There’s been a noticeable change in the pub-
lic morale .... People are becoming ex-
cited, hysterical, undependable . . . there’s
a crack in our social organization that I
can’t help but attribute to this thing . . . .”
He stopped a moment to stare from the
window, down to the silent gleam of the
Hudson, a half mile away. Then he turned
suddenly.

  “I can’t help but feel that this thing is
destined to be more terrible than any one
admits .... I can feel the working of a
powerful intelligence behind it ... . not
precisely a malevolent intelligence but one
that knows its power and is using it with a
cunning shrewdness. What its aim is, I
cannot pretend to guess .... But if I have
the chance . . . . ” Blake’s powerful face
tightened, and he clenched his fist . . . .
“I’ll smash this thing . . . .”

  With a promise to accompany Joan to the
next showing of the pictures, Carol left hast-
ily and drove about the deserted roads aim-
lessly. It was only when dawn was break-
ing that he finally reached his home and
dropped into his bed to an uneasy, dream-
troubled sleep.

*	* *

  It was three in the afternoon when Carol
was awakened by an insistent knocking on
the door. His butler entered to Carol’s
sleepy, “Come in!”

  “Mr. Blake has been trying to get you
on the telephone since twelve,” the man
explained. “He insists on speaking to you
now.”

  “Connect the extension here,” Carol or-
dered.

  In a moment he heard Blake’s voice,
trembling with excitement.
THE TIME PROJECTOR

161

  “I didn’t want to disturb you,” Blake’s
voice explained. “But I want you to at-
tend a board meeting of the American Fin-
ance Company day after tomorrow. You
know it’s one of your directorates.”

  “I can’t do it, Mr. Blake,” Carol remon-
strated. “You know, I don’t intend to take
an active part in the business.”

  “Yes, yes,” Blake said impatiently, “but
now you must.” His voice was earnest, per-
suasive. “I’ve been a friend of the family
for a long time, Carol, and I urge you to do
this.”

  “But what has happened?” Carol said an-
noyed.

  “The Pride of California blew up, you
know; and now Walter Billings has been
found dead on the street . . .

  Carol sat bolt upright in bed, the memory
of the last evening suddenly returning.

  “You mean .... the cloud pictures.”
“Precisely,” Blake stated. “The news of
the occurrence of both has come out and
the stock market is in a panic. The Pride
of California belonged to one of our affi-
liated companies, and Billings was one of
our directors. It looks as though someone is
hitting directly at us. Now, Carol, I want
you to add your presence to our meeting
and help to stabilize public opinion ....
your name carries great weight .... and
there are thousands of small investors whose
funds are tied up in these enterprises ....
we mustn’t fail them . . . .”

  “Very well,” Carol said wearily, “when
am I needed?”

  “At ten, day after tomorrow .... the
Finance Company Board room,. ...”

  “I’ll be there,” Carol stated and hung up.

A Serious Step

IT was a very serious young man who sat
at the director’s table the appointed
morning and looked around at his fellow
directors. It was his first meeting, and
though he knew the directors socially, he
had never witnessed their more serious acti-
vities.

  His thoughts and feelings were a confus-
ion. He had accompanied Joan last night
to witness again the cloud pictures and had

seen the devastation by fire of the German
city of Essen, and the picture of a well
known society woman sitting wrapped in
blankets in her elegant boudoir, sneezing
ungracefully into a damp handkerchief,
while her guests, including the Prince of
Wales, danced below in her far-famed ball-
room.

  Both grim tragedy and bitter vulgar satire
were blended in this showing, first frighten-
ing the vast multitudes who came there to
see, and then releasing their tension by gales
of hoarse laughter before they were sent to
their homes.

  Carol’s indignation against the forces be-
hind the pictures had widened a gulf be-
tween Joan and himself. For Joan’s awe of
the pictures was so great as to permit of no
other emotion.

  Now he sat next to her father. As the
Chairman of the Board rose to open the
meeting, Carol felt helplessly alone in a
world that suddenly seemed gripped by a
strange form of hysteria.

  In the last day even the cryptic message
of his father had been thrown into the back-
ground by these new and more disturbing
events.

  “Gentlemen,” the chairman explained.
“Certain things have happened which are of
vital interest to this company. You all
know about the pictures which have been
appearing in Central Park. Whatever their
nature, which we are not interested in, their
effect has been marked not only on our en-
terprises but also on the general public.

  “We control, through our stock owner-
ship of various companies throughout the
world, over twenty billion dollars worth of
property, and whatever affects the business
of the world affects us and our investments.

  “You all know of the Pride of California.
That ship was the finest of the fleet of one
of our companies. So impressed was the
steamship company with the threat of dan-
ger shown in the pictures that an order was
sent to have the ship return to Japan, which
it had left for San Francisco.

  “The order was obeyed, but five hundred
miles from the coast the boilers exploded
and the ship went down with a loss of half
162

WONDER STORIES

its passengers. You know the effect of this
on our stock.

  “You know of the showing of the death
of Walter Billings, one of our most capable
officers. Gentlemen, we are confronted by a
serious situation caused by this unknown
force. I believe that a vast organization of
radical agitators are deliberately causing
these tragedies in the hope of undermining
our whole social order. I have called this
meeting to find ways and means of combat-
ting them.”

  A very old and bewhiskered gentleman
arose.

  “Gentlemen,” he said. “Our chairman is
right. I want to go on record as proposing
a thing that we have discussed before, name-
ly that our international lobby have bills in-
troduced into the various national congress-
es making radical agitation that aims at the
destruction of lives and property a capital
offense!”

  There were confused murmurs about the
table. “Oh that’s going too far!” said one.

  But others vigorously applauded the old
man, who sat down.

  Carol glanced at Blake who was gazing
questioningly at his fellow directors.

  The chairman rapped for order. “Gentle-
men, a motion to that effect will be enter-
tained by the chair, it being understood,”
he added significantly, “that no mention is
to be made of this in the minutes.”

  When the motion had been made, Carol
leaned toward Blake. “Is this why I am
here?”

  Blake gripped his arm. “Wait!” he whis-
pered.

  Then he rose.

  “Gentlemen,” he said slowly. “You are
making a great mistake, and because you re-
fuse to recognize what is before your eyes.
I can’t believe that any man of intelligence
and honesty of mind can affirm that radical
agitation is behind these cloud pictures.”

  A current of protest swept about the
table. But Blake put up his hand.

  “I haven’t finished,” he stated evenly.
“This board is doing what is done all too
often. You find yourselves helpless and
impotent against a new and terrible force,
and you are seeking for something to vent

your fury against. I have studied these
cloud pictures,” he said soberly, “and I have
been deeply impressed by them.

  “I agree that they constitute a menace,
and I can state from opinions I have obtained
from the most eminent scientists of the day
whom I have consulted, that the mere show-
ing of the pictures aside from the prophe-
cies, if prophecies they be, is the sign of a
scienitfic power unknown to the race.”

THERE were exclamations of surprise.
“Yes, gentlemen,” Blake went on
suavely. “While you have fumed and
sought an expression for your rage, I have
investigated. Think, men, think! If rad-
ical agitators possessed such power, as you
attribute to them, need they stoop to such
petty guerrilla warfare to gain their ends.
Don’t you see that by the very scientific
ability that they possess, they could openly
challenge our whole order if they wished.
Does the immensity of this thing strike you
as being the revenge of a group of murder-
ous socialists or communists?”

  The bewhiskered gentleman rose angrily.
“Mr. Blake, we are getting nowhere. You
haven’t proved that radicals are not back of
this, the radicals who have been trying
desperately for the past five years to de-
stroy our order.”

  His words were greeted by applause and
shouts ....“The question ....the
question . . . .”

  Blake raised his hands helplessly. “I
see you are determined to ruin yourselves.
I ask you not to do this thing. I agree with
you that these pictures are a danger to not
only us but our whole civilization, but I ask
you to approach it intelligently. I ask you
to appropriate one million dollars to a fund
to discover who and what is behind these
pictures . . . . ”

  The vote that followed was overwhelm-
ing for the original motion. Carol had vot-
ed with Blake out of loyalty to Joan.
He remained through the rest of the busi-
ness which included a vote for a statement
of confidence to be issued by the company,
and the pledging of funds to support the
company’s stocks in Wall Street.
THE TIME PROJECTOR

163

  Carol and Blake walked through the
streets after the meeting had adjourned.

  “I’m sorry for all this, Carol,” Blake said.
“I’m afraid these old fossils are determined
to ruin us all.”

i “You’re sure,” Carol said, “that you be-
lieve the pictures to be true prophecies.”
Blake nodded, and his face tightened.
“I can discover no other explanation. Car-
ol, our civilization is going to face a crisis
because of them.”

  Carol looked at Blake questioningly.
“Social disintegration if they continue,”
Blake affirmed. “My boy,” he added, “I
believe that our civilization despite its
evils is headed in the right direction, and
if given time everything will work out. But
this force wants to cripple and destroy it.”
He raised his voice so that passersby looked
at him closely. “I believe in our world,
Carol, and I don’t want to see it destroyed.
I have a mission now, to find the source of
this powrer and to smash it. I believe it
can be found because it is a natural power.”
They came to the street where they were
to part. “Why don’t you join me in this?”
Blake said as they clasped hands.

  Carol shook his head. “It’s not in my
line, Mr. Blake. And, besides, perhaps I
can’t appreciate the danger.”

  Blake smiled. “Well, never mind. But
come to see us soon.”

  With that Blake walked hastily away.

        CHAPTER IV.
        To Meet Booth

A GREAT distaste for the city had filled
Carol, and a longing to get away from
it. Returning home, he gave orders to
Pirapkins to pack his bag for a month's
cruise on his yacht. Pimpkins’ face was
asmile as he nodded to these orders.

  “I’m glad, sir,” he said simply.

  When he was gone, Carol leaned back in
his chair. Suddenly he remembered his
father’s note. Was he to neglect this ur-
gent request? Perhaps after all, he could
regain his zest for things by going to see
Booth and at the same time erasing the
mystery that surrounded the man.

  He reached for the telephone and wras
soon speaking to Green.

  “I will leave tomorrow afternoon,” Carol
said briefly.	v

  “0. K.,” was the laconic answer.

  Recalling Pimpkins, Carol notified him of
his intention not to take the yachting voy-
age. Instead, he ordered his flying togs
laid out for the afternoon and an airplane
placed in readiness.

  “Am I to go /with you, sir?” asked the
valet.

  “You are not. I am going alone.”

  “Very good, sir.”

  So on the afternoon of the first day of
June, 1950, Carol Dunfrey left New York
City in his Duplier plane. Two thousand
feet in the air he entered the New York-
Washington air-lane and setting his course
indicator for Washington he relaxed back
into the pilot’s seat.

  Far beneath him the Jersey fields slipped
by and in a short time he could see wind-
ing toward him, miles on his right, the glis-
tening ribbon of the Delaware River. Though
keenly alive usually to the beauties of na-
ture Carol today saw only houses and fields
and water. The beauty was gone.

  Stretching out toward the southern hori-
zon was an unbroken line of planes, on the
New York-Washington course. Above him
on the higher speed levels there would come
a sudden ear-splitting hum rising to a high-
er pitch and then receding as a plane shot
by at eight miles a minute. Below were
the free lanes of slower speed where local
planes could do as their pilots desired.

  He was decidedly depressed this morn-
ing. He had thought that he know what
depression was when both of his parents
had left him so suddenly. It was true that
he was alone except for Joan, and though
he was sure she could be depended upon,
still his uneasiness of soul was too great for
love-making. Rising above the horizon of
his mental confusion there confronted him
the mystery of Henry Booth.

  He felt instinctively that when he met this
man of mystery he would have to make a
decision of vital importance in his life.
There was something that he could not und-
164

WONDER STORIES

erstand but at the end of the trip he would
know.

  What help was it that Booth wanted?
Was it wealth? Was it power? He would
refuse him if he called on the Dunfrey for-j
tune to create more wealth. There was too
great a centralization of wealth as it was.
And still more he resented the wealth being
used as a means to gain greater power.
Power was also too highly centralized. He
thought of the millions of workers, the city
hordes of*men and women, hurried, restless,
driven, aimless and unhappy.

  He had thought once of giving most of
hio fortune away, retaining only enough to
keep him in comfort the rest of his life.
But what good would it do? The people
who needed the money most would spend
it foolishly, giving way to repressed cravings
and the next day would be back at work
or in the bread line. They could not be
helped by mere gifts of money.

  And they could not use power. That is
not wisely. He thought of the French Revo-
lution and what happened when the peasants
took Russia away from the aristocrats. He
thought of the riots in London when the
Labor Party and the Liberals had been dead-
locked over the nationalization of coal mines
bill for two weeks. He thought of what
New York would be like if the workers
realized their power too suddenly.

 No! Emphatically no! He did not
know what kind of help Henry Booth want-
ed but he would not help him place either
power or wealth in the hands of the ignor-
ant, the avaricious or the ambitious.

YET he felt that he ought to trust to the
good judgment of his parents. His
father had practically commanded him to
help the man; and his mother, in one of
her most precious moments of confidence
had also asked him to do what he could.
Would they have taken this position if the
man were worthless or not to be trusted, if
his plans were impractical and visionary?
Absolutely no. And that was the other way
of looking at it.

  It was barely an hour after he had begun
his journey when he saw the wheel-like out-
lines of Washington before him. Now, to

follow instructions he changed over
to the Washington-St. Louis route to go
exactly two hundred and ten miles. This
course was new to him and while the mech-
anical pilot could be trusted to keep the
course once it was set, he felt that it would
be worth while to do more of observation
and less day dreaming and worrying. No
use worrying about imaginary things! It
might be something real that he would have
to worry about soon.

  He opened the window a little to let the
cool air flow into the cabin like water from
a rapidly flowing mountain stream. The
lowlands were sweeping behind him, and
far ahead he could perceive the foothills of
the Blue Ridge, gently rolling back to the
horizon. Little streams crisscrossed the
meadowland below him and here and there
after a patch of wood he would come upon
a crystal lake amid green meadows.

  The foothills of West Virginia swegfe be-
neath him as he at last turned south upon
the last lap of his mysterious journey.
Twenty miles passed, then fifty, and Carol
was atremble from a new unknown excite-
ment.

  When the indicator registered precisely
seventy-three miles, Carol switched on the
televisor. He saw beneath him stretching
out for miles, only the bare rugged hills
of the Blue Ridge. Hardly a green thing,
not a sign of habitation anywhere.

  Suddenly he heard a buzzing in his radio.
He switched it on. There came a low voice.

  “You will see just ahead of you a bald
mountain top .... do you see it?”

  “Yes . . . .” Carol stammered, into the
speaker.

  “Circle over it and be prepared to land.”

  “On it?” Carol asked.

  “No, you will see a landing field.”

  “Very well,” Carol switched off the radio
and circled what appeared to be a gently
rounded hill of bare rock, set into a ravine
of jagged and precipitous cliffs.

  A sudden fear swept over him. The coun-
try looked forbidding. He might land here
but could he ever get away? Still it had
to be done. Exactly over the rock he stop-
ped his propeller and started his helicopters.
The plane dropped gently’with beautiful ac-
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

165

curacy directly toward the rock. Then
to Carol’s surprise, the rock seemed to open,
as. though the top had been stripped away
and he found himself dropping into a
vast cave, down to a sandy floor amid a
group of flat white houses.

  “Simply one more mystery,” was Carol’s
last thought as the plane touched the ground.
He waited a moment to recover from his ex-
citement and then opened the plane’s door.
As though waiting for him as he left the
plane, he met two men. One man was old.
He walked with a limp, and a livid scar dis-
figured his face from right eye to throat.
The other was barely more than a boy, a
slender, tanned youth who stood in the back-
ground.

  Carol knew without asking that the older
of the two was Booth. But the man did
not wait for him to speak. With a smile he
said,

  “I suppose you are Carol Dunfrey?”

  “I am. And I suppose you are Henry
Booth.”

  “Yes. I have been awaiting your visit
with the keenest interest. You must be
tired, so suppose you rest a while. George,
take Mr. Dunfrey to Number Two.”

The Cavern

IT was with justifiable curiosity that Carol
looked about him as he followed the
young man. The cave was a long cylindri-
cal shaped cup which seemed to be hollow-
ed out of the bare rock, the sides rising
smoothly on every side. He estimated that
the cavern was about seven hundred yards
long by three hundred yards wide. About
half the space was filled with about a dozen
one-story buildings all monotonous in their
whiteness. Everything was white and the
entire absence of color, especially green,
gave the entire place a strange austere beauty
that at the same time was desolating in its
lifelessness.

  Looking upward he saw that the roof was
composed of steel which no doubt had been
so cunningly painted that it resembled rock.
There was a movable door and through that
door he had gained entrance. Even as he
looked, this door slowly rolled shut and the
blue sky and sunlight was shut out.

  Light came from somewhere, diffused
evenly about the cavern. There was a chill
in the air and Carol felt intolerably lonely.

  “This might be the land of the dead,” he
thought. “And perhaps it is part of the
plan to keep me here. Still this boy called
George seems to be very much alive and
even happy.

  “Are you happy, George?” he asked.

  The ’boy looked at him laughingly as he
replied,

  “Certainly I am. Why not? This is my
home and I have everything I want.”

  “But have you ever been to New York?”

  “Why should I want to go to New York?”

  “I do not know, George, but I do know
that many people are never happy till they
go to New York and when they get there
they are not happy either. Do you like Mr.
Booth?”

  “I think that he is just about the nicest
man I ever knew. At times when I think of
him and God I feel that God must look like
Mr. Booth.”

  “Even with that scar?”

  “Certainly. That just makes him all the
nicer.”

  But if the outside of the camp repelled
Carol, the interior did not. He followed
George into a room that was not only com-
fortable but tastefully furnished. Thgre
were pictures, copies of the old masters, a
radio, a baby grand piano and just rows
and rows of books. Across the hall there
was a hint of a most comfortable bed room.
A wide window opened from the living room
to a balcony which gave view of the whole
camp.

  George put down the overnight bag.

  “We have dinner at seven,” he said, “but
if you want me before just press that button.
Mr. Booth said I was to do all I could to
make you comfortable during your stay
here.”

   George left the room, turning at the door-
way to give Carol a shy glance of admira-
tion.

   Sinking into a chair Carol closed his eyes
and tried to think. The myster^ associated
with the name of Booth had not been dis-
pelled by' meeting the man. Rather the
mystery was deepened, not only by the ac-
166

WONDER STORIES

tual appearance of the man himself but also
from this place—so strange, so aloof from
the world that was just beyond the walls of
rock. There rose, in Carol’s mind, a flood
of new questions which demanded answers.

  From the first moment he had seen Booth,
Carol had been impressed by the aura of
isolation that surrounded him. He seem-
ed to stand apart from everything around
him in an attitude of absolute self-depen-
dence.

  Now that he was actually here, and had
really met Booth, the whole adventure
seemed more and more unreal. So much
had happened in the last few days that it
appeared to be gradually assuming the di-
mensions and similitudes of a dream. Carol
wondered when he would awake. Perhaps
in a few minutes he would wake and find
it all a dream and he was back in hi$ own
house. And was it true? Yes! It was a
dream. For there in the doorway stood Pet-
er, good old solid Peter, rather white-look-
ing but at the same time very fleshlike.

  “Is that you, Peter?” Carol asked in a
low voice.

  “Yes sir,” came a voice real and dis-
tinct.

CAROL stood up, stretched, walked over
to the window and looked out at the
other buildings, then he turned suddenly.
“What in the devil are you doing here?”
“I came with you in the plane, sir. You
see I promised your mother that I would
take care of you and I had an idea that it
might be dangerous, this trip, so I came
along.”

  “You should have stayed at home.”

  “But I promised your mother, sir.”
“That is different. If you promised her,
you had to come. Now that you are here,
you might as well unpack my bag and get
ready to shave me.”

  “What suit will you wear, sir?”

  “I have only the one I am wearing.”

  “No, sir. I brought six suits along with
me. I was sure you would want to dress
for dinner.”

  “Good Peter, and now suppose we go
across into the bedroom.”	^

  The bedroom was furnished in green.
Tapestry on the wall, a deep rug ort the floor,
coverlet on the bed, all in green. But it was
not the peaceful color scheme that brought
Carol up with a start.	(

  “Look at that, Peter. Do you see what
I see?”

  “I do, sir. It & a bed with a curious
carving on the posts. See the pretty little
girls trying to escape from the goat men.
That, Mr. Carol, is either the bed your
father once bought or it is the exact dupli-
cate.”

  “The bed my father had was marked. I
went loose with a penknife one day and
carved my initials on one side of the tail
board.”

  “There are the initials,” said Peter, as he
lifted up the bed spread. “Your father must
have sent it here.”

  “Well, I guess father knew what he was
doing, and he must have thought a great
deal of that man. Do you know the history
of that bed, Peter?”

  “I ought to, sir. That was the bed you
were born in.”

  “You are right. Now I am going to sleep
in that bed again and I think I will have
a new birth, Peter.”

  “Just what do you mean, sir?”

  “I don’t know. Probably just a silly
idea that came to me suddenly.”

  “May I advise an aspirin tablet and a
few moments of relaxation, sir.”

  George returned once to inform Carol
that Booth begged to be excused from meet-
ing Carol at dinner. He would, however,
see him in the morning. Carol’s dinner
would be brought here.

  Carol nodded. He needed time to read-
just himself to this strange place.

  As he sat smoking after dinner, Carol
tried ineffectually to compose a letter to
Joan. But the realization that he must re-
main silent about these new experiences,
made his words empty. He tore up note af-
ter note and at last dropped wearily into
bed.
THE TIME PROJECTOR

167

        CHAPTER V.
        God or Devil

IT would be too much to say that Carol
slept well that night. But at least he
slept. Dreams tormented this sleep, how-
ever, and filled him with vague forebodings
when he finally awoke and remembered
them.

  “This seems to be the same old fight,” he
mused to himself. “The hand of some Ital-
ian, now long dust, carved his idea of life
011 these bed posts. It is the conflict be-
tween two antagonistic forces in the world,
the struggle between light and darkness,
good and bad, the left side and the right,
the sky and the mud; and God and the
Devil.

  “Here are pretty little girls who were
just tending to their own affairs and happily
singing on the green grass. And along
comes a spider and sits down beside her
and frightens Miss Muffet away. No! That
is not mythology. The right way is to see
those goat men, half men and half animal,
slowly creeping through the grass and sud-
denly pouncing on the little dears, giving
them the fright of their lives.

  “Peter. I was looking at those carved
men and women on the bed. Ever examine
them closely,. Peter? You notice the wo-
men are running away from the men. What
would happen if the men ever caught them?
That is what I want to know.”

  “I believe the women would like it, sir.”
  “But they are running.”

  “Women always run, sir. I feel that it
is a part of their nature. But they do not
intend to run all the time. They realize
that it is predestined for man to catch them,
sir. That is what the housekeeper said to
me, ‘How can I escape from you when you
are so bold and when it is predestined'.”
“God or the Devil?” thought Carol, as he
dressed. “Which is this man Henry Booth?
How perfectly silly for me to ask a ques-
tion like that when I know nothing about
him. His face is perfectly horrible but his
eyes are kindly and once I thought that he
was able to smile. Yet it seems to me that
if his motives were innocent there would be

no need of all this secretive conduct, and
this hidden cave. Yet he may be working
on some secret which he wishes to hide till
it* perfection.

  “And then there is my mother. I think
she must have been one of the best women
in the world. If Joan develops into a wo-
man like her I will be happy. Mother
would not have asked me to help Booth if
his ideas were in the least wrong. But per-
haps she did not know? But father must
have known.”

  An hour later George appeared, to lead
them to another building in which there was
a large room set for a meal. There were
seats for about fifty around a long table.
Booth was waiting near the door. His
greeting was friendly.

  “I hope that you slept well, my dear sir.
In new surroundings a man is sometimes
restless. I arranged satisfactory quarters
for your man. I was not expecting him,
but you were not either and George tells
me he is much attached to you and there-
fore discreet. Come with me and let me
introduce you to my staff. We are very
democratic here.

  “Gentlemen, I want you to meet Mr. Carol
Dunfrey and his friend, Mr. Peter Pimp-
kins.

  “Suppose we all begin breakfast. Our
community is small and therefore we are
all hard workers. George, you help enter-
tain Peter. I am sure he will like your line
of chatter,”

  Carol began to eat but iound time to
glance around the table at the men Booth
had introduced. Though he could not de-
fine it, he found something about them that
unmistakably set them apart from the rest
of the world. Perhaps it was his vision of
them living here together shut away from
the world outside and its turmoils. Per-
haps they had grown alike from association
and similarity of work and habits.

  Then he noticed their faces were all tan-
ned, to such a smooth brown that a marked
similarity was noticeable. The tan had an
artificial look, caused, Carol realized, by
administering of ultra-violet rays. If these
men were shut away from the sunlight con-
168

WONDER STORIES

tinually, some substitute for the sun would
be necessary.

  They ate slowly, as though time had no
value to them, they ate carefully as though
they had cultivated the habit of weighing
every action, they ate quietly like gentle-
men. But there was little conversation and
no laughter.

BOOTH semed akin to these men, though
with him there was a greater air of
mystery and detachment. Carol found that
beyond the usual polite questions and an-
swers nothing could be hoped for in the way
of information at that meal.

  Booth was certainly disfigured. The livid
scar covering a third of the face gave a hor-
rible twist to his mouth whenever he talked.
Carol thought of the “Laughing Man” so
well described by Hugo. But in this case
there was no laughter, rather a deep', path-
etic look which seemed to denote pity. But
for whom?

  It was the man’s eyes, however, that were
his greatest assets. Deep, fathomless black
eyes that seemed to fascinate without mean-
ing too, attract without effort, govern un-
consciously all they gazed on. They told
of the man’s power.

  One by one the .men left the table. George
took Peter with him. At last only Carol
and Booth were left.

  “There are a lot of things I want to say
to you, my dear boy,” began the man of
mystery, “but first I want to tell you how
sorry I was to hear of the death of your
parents. Your father and mother meant
everything to me. They were my dearest
and closest friends. Circumstances made
i^: unwise to see you up to this time, but
it has been my daily hope that it will be
possible for us to become as close friends
ar your father and I were.

  “No doubt you are quite puzzled at this
retreat of mine, and your presence here.
But I will explain everything.

  “I am engaged in a project on which I
solicit your help. Fortunately, I have al-
ready many loyal followers, the men you
have seen here. But we need more. Your
father for many years supplied me with
financial aid. We were just about ready to

gather in the twisted strands of our work and
complete it when he died.

  “I cannot do more than ask you to be-
gin where he left off. Your father was in-
sistent that you be left a free agent, but he
felt that when you knew the facts you
would be more than willing to become my
partner.”

  Carol looked the man squarely in the
eye. He was surprised that he even tried
tc.-. But he knew that there was something
to be said and no matter how disagreeable,
he was going to say it.

  “I am only a young man,” he said, and
there was a quiver in his voice which he
could not conceal. “Only a young man
and yet there are certain hard fundamentals
in my life. One is honesty and the other
is openness of purpose. When I think a
thing I say it. Surrounding you is an air
of mystery. All you touch seems to be filled
with that same secret atmosphere. I know
nothing about you, that is, hardly any-
thing. I am going to be perfectly honest
with you and tell you that you cannot have
a cent of the Dunfrey millions till you lay
your cards on the table and convince me
that your project is clean and your pro-
gramme aij honorable one.”

  Booth sailed. He answered Carol quiet-
ly and there was no quiver to his voice.

  “I would hardly expect the son of my
friend to say anything else. Your statement
is appreciated and I might say rather ex-
pected. I want you to go into this with
your eyes open, and with a full appreciation
of all the facts. Suppose you come with
me to my workshop. There we can talk
freely.”

  They left the building and entered the
one next to it. A passage way led into
another building and at last they were in
a large square room that resembled a li-
brary rather than a work shop. There were
maps and charts on the tables and on the
walls. There were hundreds of books on
shelves that lined two walls.

  Here in this room, Carol felt again an
aura of power, that seemed to seep from
the walls and frighten him. Booth motion-
ed Carol to a chair which faced a large
inclined panel, about three feet from the
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

169

floor holding a large number of dials. It
resembled some great complex radio. In
the middle of the panel was a square occu-
pied by the end of what looked like a gi-
gantic bifocal eyepiece of a microscope.
The chair Carol occupied and another be-
side it gave comfortable access to the eye
pieces of this apparatus.

Booth Speaks

i	4 O IT down in one of these chairs, Car-

  O	ol. You do not object to my being
informal enough to call you by your first
name? Your father and I used to call you
Carol and naturally it is hard for me to
think of you or call you by any other
name. You sit in one chair and I will sit
in another. You want openness and I will
give it to you frankly.

  “I ought to say a few words,” he con-
tinued, stroking his scar with one hand.
“I first thought that it would be best to
have you stay here a few days and become
acquainted with us before I revealed my
secret, but I can sense your uneasiness and
inner turmoil and that you are eager to
get away.

  “So I decided to talk to you this morning
about some of our plans and I can best
start the talk in this room. Perhaps you
wonder why your father asked you to come
here and see me before you made any plans
for your life work.” For a few minutes
Booth was silent, looking almost moodily
at the pipe in his clenched fist. -Then he
went on.

  “Your father was my best friend. It was
his own idea that, if he should die sudden-
ly, I should have you visit me and explain
to you our work. You were to have an in-
vitation to participate. We were sure that
if you did not approve of it you would at
least keep our secret.”

  “I want to be sure of my father’s posi-
tion,” said Carol doggedly.

  “It was simply this. For years I have
planned a work and your father has financed
it. There are not many in our organiza-
tion but he and I were the leaders.”

  “He must have approved of it.”
  “Naturally. It was his life’s ambition

to live and see it end in success. Only his
untimely death prevented this.

  “You are rather young to bear the re-
sponsibility of so great a secret, and yet
you must have your father’s blood in you,
and I am satisfied from what I know about
you personally that you are going to be a
true son of a great man.”

  “You say you know a great deal about
me personally?”

  “Yes.”

  “I despise this constant reference to the
use of a spy system. If I thought that one
of my servants—”

  “Now don’t allow yourself to think ill of
them, Carol. I’ll explain everything in
good time.”

  “But I cannot wait!”

  “That is because you are young. Youth
is always impetuous. Now before I go on
I w&it to ask you one question. If you
were given an opportunity to share in a
work which has for the only object the
promotion of the happiness of the human
race—would you join? Would you join no
matter what the cos# was; even the subserv-
ience of everything else to that purpose?”
“You use the word happiness?”

  “That and that alone.”

  “Not greater power or more wealth for
the few?”

  “Never. Happiness is my only aim.”
Carol looked at the mysterious man
closely. The hand opening and closing on
the pipe was a strong hand. The eyes were
strong. The whole man gave the impression
of immense reserves of power. The thought
came to Carol for a second, only to be in-
stantly dismissed, that he was talking to one
who was insane, a dangerous monomaniac.
Booth talked of happiness for the human
race. How could that be accomplished by
a handful of men shut up mysteriously in a
cave in the Blue Ridge?

  Yet he felt the impact of a powerful per-
sonality. Was the man trying to bring him
under some kind of psychic control? Could
he be trusted? Should he go with him or
should he refuse to come under his influ-
ence?

  Booth sat motionless. Had his eyes been
closed it would have seemed as though he
170

WONDER STORIES

were asleep. While abroad, Carol had seen
in a Berlin park the statue of an ancient
Germanic ruler—a man with thin, intense
features who sat high and aloof, yet with
burning eye seemed to dominate the peo-
ple of the city. Carol remembered that
the women used to cross themselves as they
passed through that square. The little chil-
dren would run to escape his shadow. The
rich young man suddenly saw that resemb-
lance of Booth to this old Teuton king.
He knew that he had to give an answer.
But it had to be an honest one.

  “I cannot tell you what my reply will
be, Mr. Booth. I cannot tell you because
I have not the necessary facts on which to
base an opinion. You speak in generalities.
So far I have not learned a single fact.”
“You are the true son of your father.”
“No doubt. But I am of the opinion that
he never went into anything blindfolded.”

An Amazing Sight

BOOTH leaned back in his chair. “Very
well. You shall sfce. I suppose it un-
necessary to ask that you will never betray
what you see and learn here.” Carol nod-
ded. “Then look into that eyepiece. It is
not necessary but it will help if you try
to imagine that your entire body is being
sent through that opaque lense. Now par-
don me a minute.”

  Booth rose to consult a voluminous book.
Then he walked over to what appeared to be
an automatically recording typewriter. Car-
ol looked on quietly.

  “Now I want you to imagine you are at a
coal mine in Cornwall. Now keep remem-
bering it is the mouth of the shaft in Corn-
wall and you are there. Keep looking at that
glass.”

  Booth turned a large dial. From some-
where, it seemed from under the floor
Carol’s chair was resting on, there came a
slow ponderous grinding as though some
metal god of the underworld was being
aroused from an age long rest. Gradually
the sound changed to a thick muffled groan
of increasing vibratory rate. During this
period it seemed to Carol that he was being
lifted from his seat, and carried through

the ground glass eyepiece into unfathom-
able space. He developed a slight nausea
with a sense of lateral vertigo, a sense of
being tossed into space like a fragment of
cosmic dust. He held on to the handles of
the chair, pressed his body against the back
but still the feeling remained.

  Looking sidewise he saw Booth turning
one dial after another, touching the rubber
knobs with those strong fingers and yet with
a delicacy of contact that seemed almost
feminine in its lightness. Then to Carol’s
overwrought nerves came a queer thrill, as
though a strong current was sweeping him,
not only through space but also through
time.

  At last Booth pressed a button, his last
movement. Everything in the room seemed
to become quiet. A hush of lifeless death
fell on the room and a blur appeared on
the eyepiece Carol was looking through.
The blurred picture gradually cleared and
then sharply outlined, distinctly focussed,
unspeakably clear, came a picture.

  It was a strange village. There was a
large opening in the ground surrounded by
buildings. Piles of coal showed the nature of
the mine. A machine was hauling some-
thing out of the pit, something at the end of
a long rope. Excited groups of men gather-
ed around, and with them were weeping
women and little children playing, unable
to realize what was happening.

  Soon the end of the rope came into view
hauling up from the hole a rough cable
car. On it were four men and they carried
a rough stretcher. A little man, his head was
crushed and bloody, lay on the stretcher.
There was no doubt that he was dead. A
woman carrying a baby rushed up, threw
off those who sought to hold her back with
kindly arms, and threw herself on the body
of the dead man.

  Henry Booth pressed another button. The
scene faded. Carol rubbed his eyes and
locked at the man seated in the chair a few
fee: away from him. Booth started to ex-
plain.

  “You have just seen a picture of the death
of John Haynes, a coal miner in Cornwall.
He said goodbye to his wife, went to work
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

171

and was brought up dead. Of course it
has not happened yet.”

  “Not happened yet?”

  “No. It will not happen till tomorrow.
When we receive the report of the accident
we will check that with our own chart
and see if there is any variation. We
constantly do this to determine any flaws
in our machinery.”

  Carol sat with his head in his hands.
Was he awake or dreaming—dreaming of
thousands of people in the darkness of Cen-
tral Park looking upward with strained
eager faces at a puff of cloud. He jumped
from the chair. “What have you shown me?”
he cried huskily.

  Booth rose and placed a gentle hand on
Carol’s shoulder. “Just a projection of the
future, Carol—”

  Great turmoil surged through Carol. He
felt unable to speak—“You—you—” he
managed to blurt. Suddenly he became
cool.

  “Then you are the man who has been
showing the cloud pictures in Central
Park?”

  Booth nodded.

  Carol gazed unbelieving at him. It
seemed incredible that he was finally face
to face with the man who was responsible
for those pictures.

  Carol felt that the man simply could not
do what he claimed. There had been some
hypnotic power. Perhaps there was such
a thing as mass, group hypnotism. The
actual ability to see what was taking place
in the future was a prerogative of Divinity.
The whole thing was impossible, unreal, ab-
surd. He was dreaming and would soon
awake. It was all false, untrue, a phantasy.
All of it, the man, the silent camp, the ex-
hibitions and the odd machine that was
given the credit for causing them,—all a
lie, the work of a degenerate, psychotic man
drunk with power and anxious to ruin the
whole world. Happiness? Bah!

  But he had to see it through. If it were
a dream he would awaken. If a reality what
a chance was his to save the world. But
once again he heard his mother’s voice ask-
ing him to help Henry Booth.

  Booth was talking.

   “What do you think of it, Carol? Have
I shown you what I can do? Simply this.
I am able to look into the future and see
the destiny of man. I can see the future
of humanity and make that future known to
man; and perhaps when he sees the pit-
fclls in his destiny he will take steps to pre-
vent it. Will you join me in this work?”

   “All my life,” Carol said, “I have heard
 the doctrine of predestination preached
 from the pulpit. I heard it so often that
 in time I came to believe in it. The idea
 was that the life of each man was predes-
 tined and that in no way could he change
 it by so much as a millionth of an inch'
 or the split second. I never felt easy over
 the idea but it explained some things and
 the fact that it was God who arranged the
 Programme made matters a little easier to
 accept.

   “But no one could change the Program-
me of the individual man once God had or-
dained it. It seemed that even God, once
he had written the page of a man’s life
could not alter it. Now your statement is
in variance in two ways that will take a lot
of explanation. You replace my God with
your machine and at the same time say that
if man is warned, the danger can be averted.
Explain that and tell me of this peril to
the human race and I may go with you. I
may—and / may not.”

CHAPTER VI.

A Threat and a Prophecy

4 4 O UPPOSE we go to my library,”

  O	Booth said. They walked out of
the laboratory into the street and along
the center of the cave. Now and then they
met one of the workers who stopped to ask
for advice or instruction. To all Booth
listened respectfully and gave unhurried
and complete answers. At last they entered
a house detached from the others.

   “This is my home,” announced Booth,
simply, “and this is my library. I do not
know what the word home means to you
but it means much to me. This is the only
home I have ever had. I have slept in a
barrel, washed dishes in a filthy restau-
172

WONDER STORIES

rant. I have even slept in a chair with
my head on a rope for fifty cents a night. I
spent long months in the trenches in 1918
and long years in a cheap, college boarding
house. Now I am living in luxury, thanks
to your father. All the great things I have
i*) my life I owe to him. All the comfort
and hope and inspiration I received from
him. Sit down.”

  “You have their pictures, my parents?”

  “Certainly. Why not? They were my
best friends. Are you ready for a lec-
ture?”

  “I hope so. I am trying to be impartial,
to retain my poise, but it is only fair to
say that it is hard for me to do so.”

  “I cannot blame you. Here is a little
science. Einstein showed us that everything
.is simply the manifestation of the same
force, energy. Time, space, movement,
gravitation, electricity, life,—all simply
various ways of looking at the same force.

  “Space you are familiar with. Movement
you can understand. My hand is on the arm
of this chair and now I move it and it is
five minutes of eleven. I raise my hand
and unsupported it falls, and that is grav-
itation. Now I raise my hand. I say that
I have raised it and that is an event of the
past. I say that I will raise it three seconds
in the future and that is a prophecy. I
count one—two—three—and up goes my
hand and the prophecy is fulfilled. That is
simple, is it not?

  “Now at this precise moment we stand
in the middle of a flood or tidal wave of
time. There is time back of us and time
in front of us and we are moving on that
wave. The bootblack on the street, the
courtesan in her gilded cage and you and
I in this room are on the crest of that time
wave.

  “Suppose that yesterday, all day you had
been followed by a man with a moving
picture camera. Every moment of every
sccond would be recorded. Then you would
have those pictures thrown on a screen and
you would look at them and say that they
were true and lifelike and actually repre-
sented what happened. That is clear so
far.

  “Now tomorrow you are going to do cer-

tain things at certain seconds of the day,
determined by the forces that are already
at work in you. Suppose we take a picture
of your conduct tomorrow and show you
those pictures today. You should, if you
were honest, say that they were just as
truthful as the pictures taken of you yes-
terday. That is what we have learned to
do. We lay no claims to the influencing of
human conduct, we simply state that we are
able to predict and visually show pictures
of future happenings. I can tell you just
what you will be doing at this time three
hundred days from today. At least I can
show you a picture of yourself at that
time.”

  “Reading a newspaper?”

  “Yes.”

  “Then you can tell who the next Presi-
dent of the United States will be?”
“Certainly.”

  “Then why have the election?”

  “Because only I know the secret!”

  “I see the point. Now how will this
knowledge of the future make the human
being happier?”

  “It will show him the truth and the truth
will set him free from the chains of ignor-
ance, greed and a slavery to intolerance
and falsehood.”

  “But perhaps he does not want to be set
free.”

  “He must want to or else humanity will
be destroyed.”

  “You said that before.”

  “I will say it again. The Time Projec-
tor will for the first time show mankind
the consequences of his acts in time for him
t_> avoid those acts and their consequences.
Once he adjusts himself to the eternal, ever-
lasting, unchangeable laws of truth . . . .”
“Wait a minute. You talk of science as
though it were God!”

  “Perhaps the words are synonomous. Let
me ask you a question. You were too young
to remember the last war, but perhaps you
hi-.ve read about it, seen moving pictures of
it. Let me tell you this. The pictures
told the truth but only part of the truth.
I lived through most of that war. I have
limped ever since. Millions of the soldiers
THE TIME PROJECTOR

173

came out alive but mentally and physically
bankrupt ....

ii	YI7E know now that war was the direct

  VV result of the selfish thought and ac-
tion of less than a hundred men. Suppose
the common people had known before the
war just what would happen all through it.
What if the mother had seen her mutilated
son, the father his blinded boy. Suppose
the German school boy had seen the trench-
es and his knife in the body of another
schoolboy who had committed no crime
greater than being born a Frenchman?
Suppose the conduct, the thoughts of those
hundred politicians had become the proper-
ty of the common people? I tell you that
they would have taken those politicians and
sequestered them for life. They would
have stoned them to death, they would have
done anything to prevent fourteen million
of our best boys tearing each other to death
or mutilations worse than death. Am I
right?”

  “I think so. I heard father talk about
it. He went through part of it.”

  “His body was not hurt. Mine was.
But my soul was hurt worse. I made up
my mind that there should never be another
war, not if I could help it. But let me tell
you something, Carol. Forces are danger-
ously at work right now. The seed is being
sown which will ripen into another war
twenty years from now. It will be a war
that will kill a fifth of the world’s popula-
tion and the remainder will die of disease
and famine.” He was silent for a moment
immersed in thought. Carol felt stupefied—
unable to move or think. He could only
listen.

  “I am sure that man does not consciously
direct or determine his future. The world
is too large, there are too many confused,
battling forces for any man or any group
of men to control. The leaders take advan-
tage of their position and ride on the crest
ot the wave to worship or detestation. They
take advantage of the tides of life battling
ceaselessly against the shores of eternity.
But if mankind could tell what the future
holds he could control that future, change
it.

  “Let me give you a concrete example. I
see that a man will tomorrow fall under a
locomotive and be instantly killed. I do
not want this man to be killed, so I warn
him. As a result of this warning he re-
mains at home and is saved.”

  “Then you can still save the life of that
coal miner in Cornwall?”

  “Yes, I could.”

  “Why not do it?”

 “What would be the use. He would
think that it was some kind of a trick and
would refuse to take advice. Am I right?”
Carol nodded. “But,” he said. “If you
can change the future, then it is not really
the predestined future that you see.”

  “You are right,” said Booth. “What I
see is the future as it is being arranged by
all the forces in existence. If I interfere
with that future—warn the coal miner for
example—I must again look into my mach-
ine to see what the new future will be—not
only for the coal miner but for everything
else in the world that the coal miner’s life
affects. If he is saved, he may become
Prime Minister of Great Britain and so af-
fect the course of world history.

  “Our great mission,” continued Booth,
“is to educate the masses so they know that
there exists the power to see the future.
They must be taught at first through fear.
Stop thinking that we arrange disasters.
We have nothing to do with that. We sim-
ply see what is going to occur at a certain
time in a certain place. Once the world
understands this, its fear will change to
trust, faith in whatever warnings we give.
Human conduct will no longer be governed
by temporary greeds, passions and lusts
but by a deep sense of truth and the fitness
of things. Would you like to see some pic-
tures of that future war?”

  “No. At least not today. I am shaky
enough as it is.”

  “Very well, Carol. We will postpone it,
but listen to a little more of the lecture.”
Carol felt calmer. He had not given his
decision but at least he knew the mystery.
The worst of it was over and he was still
sane. He had not even become hysterical.
There was entering him, like a warm, stimu-
lating liquid, the influence of Booth’s f&r-
WONDER STORIES

sonality. He felt it flow through him, and
as it swept along it removed fear. Was he
beginning to have faith in the man, Henry
Booth?

  “Man has paid dearly in the past for his
follies,” said Booth. “But they never
wrecked humanity entirely because man
lacked the ability to do himself enough dam-
age. But he has never been in the same
dangerous state of unstable, unbalanced
equilibrium that he is at present. In times
past he was closer to the elements neces-
sary for the continuance of life, the produc-
tion of food, shelter and clothing. His abil-
ity to destroy depended on his ability to
come into personal contact with his enemy.
The result of the interaction of confused
forces battling for control in life was never
powerful enough for any to gain enduring
supremacy. Napoleon, for all his genius,
had to continually reconquer Europe, for
it was physically impossible in his day to
keep an entire continent under the iron heel
of one man. But today the iron heel is re-
placed by a scientific HELL, and the old
confusion of aims that used to animate
nations becomes of greater and more vital
importance.

Carol Decides

HE world, by the interaction of thou-

  JL sands of forces, is being driven tow-
ard a final conflict in which science will des-
troy not men, or armies, but nations and at
last all humanity. The airplane can spread
poisons that will destroy all life, animal
and vegetable and turn a state like Pennsyl-
vania into a charnel house over night.

  “Cities like New York and London can
be shattered in a few hours by a bombard-
ment controlled by wireless. Panic will fol-
low attack and death, and starvation—hope-
less endings to all that is worthwhile—will
take their place as destroyers of the race of
mankind. Those who live will have such
shattered nervous systems that they will
crawl into caves and pray to the Gods they
know to crush them so they will not have
tn bear the endless suspense of the days, the
hopeless terrors of the night.

“There is a little nation, a very small,

tiny people. One of their number works
day after day in a little laboratory. All
alone he will discover a new and deadly
germ, the paranium bacillus. He will be
driven to scatter this new germ through the
countries that are filled with hatred for his
beloved land. When that germ starts to
work, the Black Plague will be a game for
children in comparison. It will leap across
from one house to the next and from one
country to another. It will cross the ocean
on the wind and the deserts in the carpet
used by the Arab, who will die as he prays
to his True God. The gangster will die in
the jail, the minister in his pulpit, the little
baby at her mother’s breast. There will be
no more war because Universal Death will
serve as the great Pacifist.

  “I felt that something like this would
happen. As the years have rolled by I
was sure that there would be another one
but I could not prove it. Now, thanks to
my Time Projector I am able to. I can
not only tell that that devastation is coming
but I can give all the details. And this war
will be the price that man pays for his folly
unless he is able to escape. I want to warn
him. But he has to believe in me!”

  “And you really think that you can es-
tablish that belief?”

  “I must. It can only be by continuing a3
I have begun. I mean to show man his fu-
ture. By a thousand proofs, by ten thou-
sand actual examples I am going to show
him that the future is known. Then, when
he realizes my power to see it he will be
willing to listen, and when he does he can be
saved, and the world, free from fear, will
become a happy place to live in.”

  “But unless you interfere by a warning
the action goes through as shown in the
picture?”

  “Absolutely.”

  “And it cannot be avoided?”

  “Only if I give a warning—such as that
to the coal miner.”

  “But there would have been no way of
saving him without telling him?”

  “Unfortunately no. There is one part of
the invention that I have not told you of.
We have what might be called a prognosti-
cating time and space board. The time
THE TIME PROJECTOR

175

board is divided into split seconds. It
work in harmony with an indicator on a
world map. As the time indicator moves
on in split seconds the indicator moves.
Suddenly a signal flashes red. The auto-
matic recorder makes a record of the time
and the corresponding place. A number of
my men every day take those danger time-
place warnings and by the Time Projector
find out just what the event is. I do not
know how it works. It is just something
that happened to come to our attention and
we used it.”

  “Looks to me like an intelligence worthy
of divinity.”

  “I suppose so. To me it looks just like
one more scientific truth which So far we
are unable to explain. But here is the way
we can use it. Suppose that we see that a
great man is to be assassinated at a certain
place at a certain time. We can warn him
and his life can be saved.”

  “And if enough people believe the warn-
ings?”

  “Then nations can be saved as well as
individuals and we can influence the entire
race of mankind.”

  “I think I understand it now. Just what
is my part in all this?”

  “You are to take the place of your fath-
er. He was a powerful influence in the
world. He believed in me and was willing
to work with me toward saving humanity.
Ii is sad but the world must be first fright-
ened and only then will it accept the
truth of my teaching. You must be the
leader, the one who will teach the race.”
“And you?”

  “Where I have always been, my dear
boy, and that is in the background. I have
never cared for power and I have no use
for wealth. I was really in earnest, Carol
when I said that I was anxious to make the
world a happier one.”

  There was a long pause. Finally Carol
spoke.

  “I am going to go through it with you.
I think that it will be worth while.”

  “Then you really believe in me?’J
“Yes, I think so, but I guess the real mo-
tive back of my decision is a boundless
faith in my mother.

The Time Projector

{{TVTOW may I ask you to show me the
-L ^1 Time Projector?” Carol asked.
“Certainly, but suppose we wait until
after lunch. Now I must ask you to excuse
me. I must go on my tour of inspection of
the camp. It gives me my chance to meet
my workers and to clear up doubtful things
for them.”

  “They are all fond of you, it seems,” said
Carol as they rose.

  “I don’t know,” said Booth wistfully.
“They were all workers with me years ago.
I got to know them all so well that I knew
before I asked them that they would come
here with me. George was the son of one
of my men, who was killed years ago. He
commended George to my care.”

  “Do they know your secret?” Carol ask-
ed.

  “No. At least no one knows all of it.
Each man, even my chief engineer, knows
only a part of it. They are all loyal but
not curious. Now I must go. We will
meet again after lunch.”

  They walked into the street, Carol re-
turning slowly to his own quarters. The
impact of Booth’s revelations, like a sudden
wound, had at first stunned him, killing all
sensation. Now confused thoughts were re-
turning.

  He smiled as he thought of his fellow
directors, feverishly ferreting out half-
starved. agitators, while here in this hidden
retreat, a calm little man ....

  Then came the thought of Joan, and her
awe of the exhibitions; and Blake’s impas-
sioned words. ... “I have only one mis-
gion .... to find and crush this thing.”
Reaching his room Carol sank into a
chair. Had he really enlisted himself in
this gigantic plan of Booth’s and alienated
himself from the world that he knew? Car-
ol tried to shake off his forebodings, and to
free himself from Booth’s spell. But they
clung through the rest of tlje morning and
through the luncheon sitting next to Booth.

  When the meal was over Booth asked
Carol to come with him. They went
through a narrow corridor, down sleps
carved in the solid rock and finally emerged
176

WONDER STORIES

upon a balcony. It ran along the side of
the wall of a vast vault as large as the
upper cave. From the balcony ran bridges
across the room.

  The machine lay in the immense cave
beneath them, quiet, motionless, potential
in its strength, a sleeping leviathan. Carol
caught only a confused glimpse of acres of
metal, a monstrous metal bulk below them.
Its size dizzied him. It seemed endless in
its extent. Carol wondered if it was alive?
The few men who stood around it watching
the dials looked like insects beside it.

  Booth pointed downward to a place
where a great panel had been moved back
from the top as thought to expose the heart
of the giant. The interior was filled with
countless thousands of pieces of a brown-
ish substance resembling, at the distance,
great sponges. They seemed to slowly vib-
rate, expanding and contracting ....
like thousands of beating hearts ....

  ‘That is the receiving time photograde,”
explained Booth. “There th^ impressions,
the units, the elements of time-space forces,
that compose the events *of the world are
received. It is the mouth which catches
food for the machine. A rather crude ex-
pression, but easy to understand.”

  They walked on; at another point a vast
door in the machine’s side was opened. Here
the body of the monster was filled with an
enormous number of pieces of delicate mech-
anism which interacting on each other made
Carol think of the works of a fine gargan-
tuan watch. Each little wheel, each deli-
cate spring, moving ceaselessly threw back
the light of the room from a million re-
flecting facets. This portion of the mach-
ine was as large as a city block though it
composed only a fraction of the entire mon«
ster.

  Booth explained it.

  “That is the analysis chamber where the
future time-place-person pictures are sorted
and classified. There are other parts to
the machine, but it would take days to even
give you a faint idea of the entire machine.”

  Henry showed him these parts, the great
chamber, bewildering in the complexity of
its mechanism, where further analysis and
classification of events went on, and their

trends into the future were sorted. He
pointed out the middle photograde where
the trends of various forces were re-com-
bined by superimposing them one on anoth-
er, as film negatives may be combined to get
a composite picture.

  “And here,” Henry said finally, “the pro-
jecting photograde leads into the room
where we saw the projection of the future,
and from there I broadcast the pictures
that are received on the cloud.

  “What I have in my machine is a vast
chemical retort into which are poured all
the forces operating in the world—in nature,
and in the hearts and minds of men and
nations, to produce what we call the future.”

        CHAPTER VII.
        Violent Measures

AT Booth’s insistence, Carol stayed on at
the cave. Day after day passed and
Still he could not tear himself away from
the home of the Time Projector and the in-
fluence of this strange man. Since he had
told his servants that he would be gone but
a day or two, there would probably be con-
siderable uneasiness at the Dunfrey home,
although the household was geared to run
indefinitely without a master. But Joan
would surely be exceedingly worried.

  Carol asked tentatively if he could com-
municate with Joan, but Booth shook his
head. “I wish I could see how. Be pat-
ient for a few days more, and then go back
to the city.” Carol agreed to this reluct-
antly.

  The machine, with its awful power, now
fascinated Carol. Day by day he remained
with Booth for hours as the latter swung
dial after dial, consulting his ponderous
books of calculations and formulae so as
to get the settings proper to catch the time
and place of important events.

  Now for the first time as Booth showed
Carol pictures of events to occur one, five
ten years hence, Carol saw clearly the ter-
rible folly of man. As a flashing burst of
inspiration, the pictures laid clear how
man, and his nations and his officials and
organizations planted each hour the seeds
for future unhappiness.
THE TIME PROJECTOR

177

  He saw the blunderings of politicians that
that led years later to financial and social
catastrophes; he saw the suppression by
imperialistic groups of backward peoples—
to lead gradually to the revolt of the vic-
tims and the destruction of their masters.
He saw the building of homes and cities,
and bridges for profit, and the destruction
of some of these edifices with the loss of
thousands of lives. He saw unwise laws
passed, unwise liberties aild restrictions,
crimes and punishments—the whole panor-
ama of futile human struggling against its
destiny swept like a divine vision before
him.

  But not all was tragic. There was com-
edy in some of the scenes—comedy bitter
and hilarious. There were scenes of hope
too—the effects of the activities of men and
groups here and there, struggling with force
and wisdom for enlightened living.

  Day after day, the bond between the two
men became stronger. Carol fell complete-
ly under Henry’s spell and saw now how
the man had been able to hold his workers
in this isolated spot for so long, working
on a project whose nature they did not
know.

  His own part in Henry’s program became
clearer as he saw the gradual unfolding of
Henry’s vast conception of a world’s redemp-
tion. While Henry was to remain in the
cave, projecting year after year the scenes
of the future, that were to make men con-
fess that the power of prognostication ex-
isted, Carol was to go out into the world
and begin to convert men and nations to the
course of conduct dictated by the machine.

  “For,” Henry said, one day, “we cannot
rule men by fear alone. The machine can-
not remain in existence perpetually to act
as his conscience. It is, after all, only a
test of whether man can improve quickly
enough to save himself. I give man this
chance now. I will show him the truth,
and allow him to learn over the course of
years what conduct will bring him happiness
and what will bring him misfortune. When
I die, I wish the machine to be destroyed;
I will not trust it in another man’s hands,
for it can become too terrible a power if
used selfishly.

  “Your place, Carol,” he continued, “is
to act as the living voice of the machine.
The wealth, power and prestige of your
name should give you the right to speak to
man in his own behalf..

  “I will give you the wisdom of the mach-
ine, and you will in indirect ways convey
that wisdom to the people. You will enter
politics and by your wisdom you will rise
rapidly until you become a great world
force. People then will have the chance to
follow the guidance of a man with unlimit-
ed vision. If they follow you, I hope that
the catastrophe of 20 years hence will be
averted. If not .... I can do no more.”

  If Carol had in him any further capacity
for surprise, the vision of his own destiny
presented by Booth, shook him to the depths.
To become a world force .... for the
betterment of man! Was he worthy? He
put this question to Booth.

  “You are, Carol,” Booth said apprecia-
tively. “You have great capacity for lead-
ership and power. I will give you the in-
strument to make it effective.”

  Left alone with himself, Carol wondered.
He returned again and again to the great
vault that housed the machine to look upon
its great bulk, feel the thrill of its power
thiough him, in order to test its reality and
the reality of his existence.

  He even went down into the ground to
the vast base on which the giant rested, and
ran his hands over its endless smooth metal
sides. Yes, it was all true ....

  He tried to question, during the last days
before he returned to the city, what the fu-
ture of man, and the world’s happiness
meant to him. Previously, he had been un-
aware of it. Only the happiness of three
persons had mattered; and two of them
were now gone. Did he really care whether
the world evolved to some glorious sum-
mit of achievement; or, contrarily, if a gen-
eration in the future, it was struck with an
overwhelming disaster?

  At the moment he could not think clearly
on the question. The personality of Henry
and the power of the machine loomed too
178

WONDER STORIES

vast in his mind. He knew that he would
do as Henry had planned.

  Accordingly on the fifteenth of June, ac-
companied by Peter, he entered his plane
and shaking hands with Henry, watched the
vast roof of the cave move back on its roll-
ers until the dazzling sunlight of a sum-
mer morning flooded in. Setting the heli-
copters for a vertical lift, Carol felt the
machine rise swiftly and a thousand feet
in the air turned it toward New York.

*	* *

WHEN Carol had telephoned her of his
intention to take an outing for a day
or two, Joan felt miserably alone. Her fath-
er had suddenly gone away on a mysterious
journey a day after Carol’s departure, and
with her two only intimates gone, she felt
utterly deserted.

  Each night however, she attended, alone,
the showing of the cloud pictures. And
now with growing apprehension, as the auth-
enticity of the pictures sank deeply into
people’s minds, she saw the terrible uneasi-
ness in their faces. It seemed as though the
future, that thing which was tomorrow, had
suddenly left its place of hiding and had
jumped out upon them. The future, with
its menace and uncertainty, lurked around
the corner, the presence of death and dis-
aster weighed heavily on everyone, each ac-
tion, each day became fraught with terrible
significance.

  The crowds had become boisterous, rough,
offensive. Small riots had occurred one
night, the third day of Carol’s disappear-
ance—seemingly the outbreak of passions
otherwise repressed, and the mood of the
crowd was so menacing that Joan did not
dare return.

  She spent two miserable days, filling them
with restless hours at the piano until she
felt obliged to jump up and rush to the
windows for air. Then she read the news-
papers, hungrily scanning every inch of the
accounts of the exhibitions, noting now the
evasive comments of public officials and
scientists who had been asked for explana-
tions of the phenomena. One paper called
lcudly, editorially, for the closing of the

Park temporarily, hoping thereby to end
the exhibitions.

  On the day of that editorial, Blake sud-
denly returned home, his face worn and tired
with days of endless thought. He em-
braced Joan tenderly.

  “Daddy, I’m so glad you’re back. I’d
have gone mad in a few more days.”

  Blake stroked her hair. “Hasn’t Carol
been consoling you?”

  Joan began suddenly to sob. “Carol’s
been away for five days now and not a
word from him. I’m afraid something’s
happened . . .

  Blake laughed. “Nonsense, he can take
care of himself. Have you called his
house?”

  Joan nodded, wiping her tears. “All they
knew was that he had gone in his plane on
the afternoon of the first. They haven’t had
a word.”

  Blake could not hide his concern, though
he shrugged his shoulders.

  “And now you deserted me,” Joan said
accusingly. “And you look all tired out.”
“I am, girlie,” Blake said sinking into a
chair. “Tell me,” he sat up suddenly.
“What has happened with the cloud pictures
in the last few days.”

  Joan showed him the papers and the edi-
torial. Blake read it with growing anger.
Finally he threw it away. “The fools,” he
growled, “the utter fools.”

  “Why, daddy!”

  “Don’t you see, Joan,” he leaned towaid
her. “They hope to cure the disease by
stifling it. People have become doped with
the exhibitions. We cannot simply deprive
them of them. I’m afraid of what will hap-
pen now . . . . ”

  Blake’s prophecy turned out to be true.
That night a cordon of police guarded all
entrances to the Park, and when the tens of
thousands who arrived found themselves
blocked by the ring of bluecoats, riots took
place at a dozen sections. The morning
showed a toll of ten persons killed and over
three hundred injured.

  But it showed a more astounding fact.
Reading the paper, Blake and Joan learned
that as the crowds had fought bitterly with
the police at the southern entrance to the
THE TIME PROJECTOR

179

Park on Fifty-Seventh street, the cloud was
seen suddenly floating south over the Park.
Miraculously, it had halted-above the Park
Plaza, and after a few moments had come an
exhibition of the prophetic pictures.

  The people, no less than the police, were
stunned. But the showing of the pictures,
and acute realization of the power of the
unknown exhibitor had set the crowds in a
new frenzy of passion. When the police
tried to drive them from the Plaza, further
bloodshed had occurred. A riot call re-
sulted in the spreading of tear gas among
the crowds and their final dispersion.

  “No one,” concluded the article, “no-
ticed in the excitement, the disappearance
of the cloud!”

  Blake and Joan were silent when they
finished reading. Finally Blake muttered
softly, with the utmost of his feeling, “The
fools .... the fools . . .

  “But what is to be done?” Joan asked
finally.

  “Find whoever is responsible for this,”
Blake said savagely. “And then crush
jiim.”

  Joan shuddered. Somehow she felt ap-
prehensive for Carol .... why, she could
not tell. . . .

  Blake told her no more. And during the
days that passed, she again lost contact with
her father .... while her apprehension
for Carol grew. Ten days had passed and
not a word. The Dunfrey butler had tele-
phoned Joan, admitting at last that he was
worried. He stated that he had consulted
the Dunfrey personal attorney and a pri-
vate search was being made to discover if
Carol had not met with an accident. They
admitted that this was unlikely for the ac-
cident rate in planes of Carol’s type was
extremely low, and Carol was an expert
pilot.

  To Joan, Blake seemed to have plunged
into some new and absorbing activity. Men
came almost every hour to the Blake home,
grave official-looking men, men carrying;
brief cases, bulging with the suggestion of
huge documents .... With them Blake
was closeted by the hour .... to emerge
with them discussing gravely, in low tones,
mysterious plans.

Carol Returns

DURING the meals, Blake was silent and
absorbed but he showed, by his man-
ner, the effect of a terrific mental strain.

  One day he brought Joan a newspaper
clipping. Joan looking at his grim face
read it ... . read of the introduction of a
bill in Congress to make a capital offense
of radical activities designing the destruc-
tion of property or lives. The bill was
skillfully disguised to make it appear that
actual destruction of property or lives must
be proved before a conviction, but as Blake
explained later, in a bitter voice, the judg-
ment of the motives of the suspect was really
left to juries.

  “Our officials are determined to drive us
into a bloody revolution,” he said.

  “But isn’t it always the way with people
heated by passion?” Joan asked. She und-
erstood shrewdly the connection between
the cloud pictures and the proposed bill.
“Don’t we always fight with our teeth when
we are backed against a wall?”

  “It’s true,” Blake grunted. “But we’re
playing into the hands of whoever is behind
these exhibitions.”

  On the fifteenth of June, as Joan was
prepared to begin of her own accord a
search for Carol, she suddenly heard his
voice over the telephone. He sounded eag-
er, yet restrained.

  “Where have you been?” she breathed.
“Carol! We thought you were lost!”

  “In hiding,” he said evasively. “May I
come up.”

  “Yes, immediately,” and in fifteen min-
utes, Carol was embracing her.

  Her attempts to draw from him his where-
abouts failed, however. He admitted that
he had wanted to get away from the city,
and had taken Peter into the mountains.

  “Please don’t question me, Joan.” He
seemed aged in the fifteen days.

  Joan rose helplessly. “I can’t understand
what’s come over people,” she exclaimed
bitterly. “Father is engaged in some secret
activity that he refuses to speak about and
he walks about as though he were pursued
by a ghost! Now you come to me as
though you were carrying the weight of the
130

WONDER STORIES

world upon you. And to read the news-
papers one would think that the whole world
had gone suddenly mad.”

  Carol managed to quiet her, by assuring
her that he would remain in New York now
for some time. They passed the late after-
noon in a walk along the precipitous bluffs
of the Hudson, forgetting, in the joy of be-
ing together, all worldly cares. They re-
turned to Joan’s home in time to greet
Blake returning from the city.

  Carol remained on for dinner, a silent,
dreary meal, each of the three absorbed in
his own thoughts, Joan watching the men
surreptitiously. When dinner was over,
Blake asked Joan to leave him alone with
Carol. Joan hesitated as she saw a sudden
flush come to Carol’s face, but yielded, only
after saying angrily, “I suppose the only
thing for me now is to suddenly disappear
and return bearing some great secret . . .”
The men sat opposite each other. Blake
smoked silently for a moment.

  “We were rather worried about you, my
boy,” he said finally. “Joan was quite dis-
tracted.”

  “I know,” said Carol. “I couldn’t com-
municate easily.”

  Blake smiled wearily. “I hadn’t meant
to speak of that, but to renew a request
I made of you some time ago.”

  “You mean to help you hunt down the
secret of the cloud pictures?” Carol asked
breathlessly ....

  Blake nodded. “It’s more urgent now,
Carol. It’s damned imperative in fact. I
suppose Joan has told you what’s happened
while you were away.”

  “Yes

  “You can see for yourself, what we’re
coming to, Carol,” Blake said, leaning for-
ward. . . . “I’ve been studying this thing
every waking hour for the past weeks. I’ve
called into consultation every man of science
who could possibly help me. I’ve become
convinced, Carol,” he said decisively, “that
some gigantic brain is behind it all ... .
perhaps a perverted brain, I don’t know.”
He sank back helplessly into his chair for
a moment, as though he could not quite
encompass the thought that he wanted to
express.

  “But whoever is doing this, knows pre-
cisely what he is about. He knows the ef-
fect that he wants to create upon people,
and with fiendish cunning, he is going about
it”

  “What do you believe his purpose is?”
Carol asked slowly, trying not to betray
himself by his voice.

  Blake looked out of the window beside
them. “I don’t know .	he admitted.

“That’s the beastly part of it. I’ll admit
that with the power the creature possesses,
he could have done more damage than he
has. He has a sense of humor, at least,
he has restraint . . . .”

  “Possibly his intentions are good,” Carol
almost whispered ....

  Blake looked at him sharply.

  “What do you mean?”

  Carol looked at his shoes. “Just a
thought. I meant that it was possible that
he had some good intentions .... a chari-
table aim that he was trying to accomplish.”
Blake was thoughtful .... “Perhaps—
to tell the truth it hadn’t occurred to me.
Seriously, it’s hard to believe that a man
could accomplish- some charitable aim
through such means . . .

  Carol, afraid he had said too much al-
ready, remained silent.

  “I’ve investigated this thing from every
angle, Carol,” Blake went on. “My theory
has been that the man, and there must be
one, or a number of men, can be found.
The scientists I have called in, confirm the
fact that the vast power contained in these
exhibitions must be the product of some
genius of science and as such he can be
traced. I have been tracing therefore the
activities of every notable man of science
in the world. I intend to trace back for
twenty years and to discover who had the
genius necessary to create this thing. The
man certainly must have left a trace some-
where, I have a corps of men trying to
trace the source of the cloud pictures them-
selves, to discover how they are projected
and from where. I intend to get to the bot-
tom of this, if it takes me the rest of my life,
and I want your help . . . . ”

  “Why don’t you go to the government?”
Carol asked evasively.
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

181

  “No,” Blake said. “Never! Allow them
to blunder this thing as they have blundered
every other? Allow politics and self-seek-
ing to enter into it? I can only carry this
thing out alone, and I intend to until I suc-
ceed.”

  Carol, looking at the man, believed him.
He knew Blake to be possessed of a power-
ful penetrating intellect, and a sharpness
of understanding that was the scourge of
witnesses and opposing lawyers. For a mo-
ment Carol felt fearful, as though a great
hand were about to crush down upon the
lonely cave and the man known as Henry
Booth.	-v

  “Frankly, Carol,” Blake said. “For this
private search, I need money. I am devot-
ing my personal fortune to it, but I antici-
pate a need for a great deal more. You
are the only man I feel inclined to call up-
on . . . .”

  Carol sat still, unable to move. On the
face of it, he could not refuse .... Blake
of course knew that his fortune was great
enough to permit the use of several millions
without a thought .... yet could he
agree? Could he aid this powerful and
penetrating man to track down Booth? And
after all there was a limit to the power of
Booth to escape detection ....

  “I don’t know .... Mr. Blake . . . .”
he said at last.“ Allow me to think it over.”
Blake looked at him closely for a few
minutes and then rose. “Very well, sir,”
he said coldly, and stepped aside. Carol
walked to the door and after a quick good-
bye to Joan left the house.

        CHAPTER VIII.
        A Second Letter

AGAIN Carol sat in the library of his
home, seated as he had been three
weeks ago with a letter from his father in
his hands. In accordance with his father’s
request, he had obtained from Bowden,
president of the Dunfrey National Bank, the
sealed note that was to be read after he re-
turned from a visit to Booth.

  It seemed impossible to Carol, as he sat
fingering the thick sheaf of papers, that so

much could have happened to him in twen-
ty-one days—that he had been lifted forcibly
from his quiet student’s life into the turmoil
of the remaking of a world. From a pros-
pect of a life of quiet study and devotion
to the arts, he must face now a life of
struggle against the confused forces of his
world. In the world’s happiness he must
forget his own. Shaking off all morbid
thoughts Carol turned to the letter in his
father’s handwriting:

 “My dear Son:

    “I am writing this long letter to you to
 tell you some of the details of my past
 life, which may be of assistance to you
 in your new task. I am going to leave
 the letter with Bowden. Your reading
 of it now signifies your willingness to
 carry on the work I started years ago.

    “The last time Booth and I talked about
 you he asked me not to give you any
 information about our work till he had
 a chance to talk to you and personally
 make you a convert. But I told him that
 I was sure you would fall into line and
 gladly carry on the work I had begun.
 Yet at the same time I did as he desired
 and informed Bowden that this letter
 was to be destroyed if you did not call
 for it within six months.

    “You know by this time the great need
 of your keeping Booth’s work a secret.
 When the time comes he will be looked
 upon as the savior of humanity, but be-
 fore that he might easily fall a victim
 to the passions of a frightened but ignor-
 ant world.

   “You have often wondered just what
 my relations to Booth were and how our
 intimacy started. It is a long story but
 first I should say that I believe in Henry
 Booth. I know from what he has told
 me and shown me that no man could
 have a nobler and greater task. When
 I compare his disinterested passion for
 the world’s betterment with the avarici-
 ous passion for wealth and power of the
 men and women who surround me, I be-
 come ashamed of my race and proud of
 Henry Booth.

   “My first acquaintance with him came
 in college where we were classmates.
182

WONDER STORIES

 I made fair marks while he led our class
 year after year. I often saw him limp-
 ing through the college halls, his eyes
 on the ground, his arms loaded with
 books with no time for anything but
 study. He had been seriously wounded
 in the Worlcf War, where he had won
 some fame and acquired a shattered
 bodj.

   “His reputation came from his inde-
 fatigable energy and his amazing ability
 to assimilate and absorb every possible
 branch of science. One could not meet
 him, even in those student days, and not
 feel that he was different from the other
 students.

   “He was so silent and solitary that not
 one of his class ever came to know him.
 Perhaps no one ever tried to know him;
 and not even the Professors were fond
 of him.

   “My first actual contact with him came
 on a Saturday afternoon in spring dur-
 ing my last year at college. I had re-
 cently met your mother and was showing
 her through the college buildings.

   “We passed into the Chemical Labor-
 atory and stood watching a young man,
 the only one in the room, performing
 what seemed to be a delicate experiment.
 Though I knew Booth, I did not speak to
 him. I saw that he was interested in
 what he was doing and did not want to
 embarrass him for I had every reason
 to believe that he was woman shy. He
 was holding a Bunsen burner under a re-
 tort filled with a brown liquid, adjust-
 ing the flame and watching closely the
 timepiece in front of him.

“WE were behind him and suddenly

   V	V I saw him stare into a mirror in
 front of him where he had caught a
 glimpse of us. But those few seconds of
 inattention to his work were fatal. There
 came a spurt of flame, the retort broke
 and the brown liquid was spattered over
 his face. He stumbled backwards blind-
 ed. I was helpless, but your mother re-
 membering her chemistry, reached for a
 bottle of neutralizing reagent and start-
 ed to wash the pitiful face, urging him in

a low voice to keep quiet and let her
help him.

  “Her quick action undoubtedly saved
his eyesight though it did not prevent his
being badly burned. We helped him to
his room, and I started at once to get
a doctor for him. Curiously enough the
whole thing happened without his seeing
anything more of your mother than that
glimpse in the mirror. Yet she was to
play an important part in his life.

  “Your mother felt strongly that in
some way we were responsible for the
accident and she suggested that I do what
I could for Booth. Up to the time of
our graduation I tried to cultivate him
but my efforts were not successful. He
merely tolerated me so I gave it up hope-
lessly.

  “After my graduation I married your
mother and for some time I lost sight of
Booth. But your mother kept reminding
me of him and insisted that I at least
learn what he was doing.

  “Eventually, I learned that after his
graduation he had been given a fellow-
ship and his remarkable discoveries in
all branches of science had prolonged
this aid.

  “While he was doing good work fbr
the school, he was also carrying on some
private experiments of his own. In fact
he had opened a small laboratory, and
refused anyone admission to it. The
school authorities felt that he was not
treating them fairly and were extremely
dissatisfied.

  “For nearly five years he carried on
his private work, hand to mouth and most
of the time in debt, spending all his in-
come on mysterious experiments. But
if he learned anything he kept it to him-
self. He even refused to allow his name
to be associated with the discoveries he
made while working for the college.
When I reported all this to your mother,
she stated that she believed if he had a
chance he could do great things. She
wanted me to give him that chance.

  “It was on her account that I made a
visit to him and suggested that he broad-
en the scope of his research. I knew
fHE TIME PROJECTOR

183

nothing about his great aim in life at
that time. I simply felt that he was
thinking and working on something that
was worth while. Your mother said at
that time that her intuition told her that
the man was engaged at some noble task.

  “I found that the five years since grad-
uation had simply served to ripen the
man, to make him more confident of him-
self, of his ability to carry on his pro-
jects till success came. He seemed more
than ever detached from the world, com*
pletely preoccupied with an all absorb-
ing idea which was constantly growing
more powerful. Although the scar
across his face had healed, it remained
a thing alive, as though the skin had been
torn from him to reveal the glow of the
inner man.

  “I proposed that he come to New York
and open a private laboratory there for
research, offering to advance him his ex-
penses against the income from any dis-
coveries he might make. I told him he
could thus be free from narrowing re-
strictions and envious companions.
Imagine my surprise when he accepted
my offer, as though he had expected it
all along!

  “It was only after working under the
new conditions for one year that he trust-
ed me enough to confide in me. Then
for the first time I learned of his great
aim in life, the total abolition of all
war. Surely a stupendous programme.
One man against the w'orld!

  “But gradually as I saw his scheme,

I found myself fascinated by it. It was
gigantic, yet reasonable if carried to a
logical ending. Two things had to be ■
considered. His ability to perfect the
proposed machine and then that his abil-
ity to make the nations of the earth be-
lieve in him. I did not doubt that he
could do both.

  “His research had now reached the
point where it was no longer possible
for him to work in the confines of a great
city; the risk of discovery was too great.
So we located the West Virginia site and
after some years of most difficult con-
struction, made more difficult by our need

  of isolation and the few men we could
  depend upon to do the work, we arrived
  at a point where Booth could proceed to
  make the dream a reality.

    “I was now in daily touch with him.
  We had our plans perfected and through-
  out the world a few trustworthy men who
  would do my bidding in carrying out our
  contacts with the world—such men as
  Green and Carr, whom you will undoubt-
  edly meet.

    “I was to be the leader, to take the
  place in the world made possible for me
  by the knowledge gained by the ma-
  chine. This place will now fall upon
  you.

    “I have seen the completed machine,
  Carol, and the sight of it is unforgettable.
  It is like a tremendous vision from a dis-
  tant future age. With it, man has an op-
  portunity for his betterment that may
  never come to him again. Place your
  faith in it, Carol! In a few weeks we are
  to start the exhibitions of pictures in
  New York.

    “I am writing this letter to you be-
  cause anything may happen. My heart
  is not in the best of condition and Booth
  has asked me to prepare for any eventu-
  alities. If you can feel it a duty, I want
  you to carry on in this work. I can say
  no more.

                  Your loving father,

Frank Dunfrey.”

An Important Conference

CAROL replaced the letter in the envel-
ope and slowly walked to his father’s
bedroom, carefully locking the door. In
a clothes closet he opened up the secret
panel holding the private radiovision set
which Booth had told him about, to use
for instantaneous communication between
them. In a few minutes he was face to face
with Booth. He could not keep his voice
from quivering as he asked, “Mr. Booth,
I have just read father’s letter left for me.
Did you know he wras going to die?”

  A shadow crossed Booth’s face. “I did,
but his death was unpreventable. There
was nothing to do but to warn him.”
184

BONDER STORIES

  “Then he knew too?”

  “Yes,” Booth answered, “for at least a
month before he died.”

  “And he still carried on?” Carol asked.
Booth nodded, and Carol disconnected
the set, and slowly folded back the panel to
the closet. If his father had carried on,
knowing death to be certain for him, his
son could do no less.

  The next day Carol went to Jersey City
to see James Carr. Booth had said that he
was one of the most important men in the
organization, in charge of the supplies, and
their transportation to the cave. Carol ex-
pected to find a business office but instead
he found a book shop, and such a shop!

  It was a second-hand store. Books and
magazines and maps and pictures. But lit-
tle system, no care but lots of dust. Carr
was there, seated on a soap box. He was a
little wrinkled man with a kindly but shrewd
face.

  “The motto of this shop is, ‘Welcome and
help yourself’,” he said addressing Carol,
“and if you find what you are looking for,
you are a better man than I am, Gunga Din.
My arrangement is simple. The printed
books on the right side and the books with
printing in them on the left side and other
kinds of books where there are room.

  “I started this shop over thirty years ago,
being left some cash by a great-aunt. I
had an idea that I wanted to own a shop to
buy and sell books. You can see I have
bought more than I sold. I had a system
at first but they came in too fast for me so
I just put my purchases down where ever
I might be at the time I made the bargain
and that is the best way.

 “Suppose- I bought Young’s Night
Thoughts, in 1925. I paid a dime for the
book, while standing over by that door. I
gave the man the money and laid the book
down on the table. Twenty-five years after
a man came in and asked for that very book.
I recalled where I placed it. Of course by
now it was rather well covered over but at
last I dug it out and wiped the dust off. The
man gives me a half dollar for it. You can
figure out the profit.”

  “It is a fine business, Mr. Carr.”

  ‘’‘The finest in the world, if you want to
sell books. If you don’t care for books it
could be considered the poorest way ever for
a real man to spend a life time.”

  Carol laughed as he commented on this
last statement.

  “If I said that you would become angry.”
“Not at all. I am never angry. Want
a book? I have not sold one for a week
ar.d I have a feeling that the time is ripe.”
“I will buy a book. I have one but if
I purchase another I will be able to better
balance the library table. Will you advise
one?”

  “No. The chances are that you have not
read one in a thousand of the books you
see here. Shut your eyes and pick. Any-
one will tell you something you do not
ki.ow, and let me warn you. When a man
comes in here dressed as you are I raise
the price. I have charged as much as a
dollar for a quarter book.”

  “Suppose I take this Hogarth. Send it
to H. Booth,” Carol said casually.

  Carr smiled.- “In this back room I keep
my duplicates. Walk in. It is dusty but
you will soon learn to like it.”

  He shut the communicating door, and led
Carol into a real 'office, clean and immacu-
late as a new pin.

  “You know me?” asked Carol.

  “Of course,” said Carr. “I worked with
your father for twenty years. How is the
master?” he asked. “Since the unfortunate
death of your father I have been very un-
easy. The bankers and politicians are very
restless. I have an idea that they will move
heaven and earth to stop the cloud pic-
tures. You are replacing your father in
our organization?”

  “Not replacing him,” replied Carol quiet-
ly, “but trying to do what I can to carry
on the work. Booth asked me to see you
and give you this list of his immediate
needs. I will continue my father’s part of
the work and furnish you with funds. Need
any now?”

  “I have bills for twenty-five thousand.”
  “Cash or check?” Carol asked.

  “No checks. Mr. Dunfrey always brought
me the sum in thousand dollar bills. Could
you do the same?”
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

185

  “I can and will. Tomorrow at the latest.
How do you operate, Mr. Carr?”

  “I am president,” Carr said, “of the As-
sociated Purchasers, Inc. I buy whatever
Booth wants and have it sent to the Asso-
ciated Warehouse in Jersey City. One plane
a day, piloted by my own son, carries to
Booth whatever he needs. Simple?”
“Very,” Carol smiled. He shook hands
with Carr. “Please call on me for whatever
you need. By the way, how shall I know
if a man is in our organization?”

  “Ask him if he knows where you can buy
a copy of The Happy Life. He should tell
you, ‘At Carr’s, north by west’. It may
strike you as being mysterious but it’s neces-
sary to keep our organization secret for a
time.”

ONE hour later Carol was closeted with
Gerald Bowden, president of the Dun-
frey National Bank. Carol has been urged
by his father, in a business memorandum
left for him, to rely on the business judg-
ment of Bowden. “He is as solid as the
structure of the country,” his father had
written half-humorously. “As Bowden
feels, so the country goes.”

  Carol was surprised to see a much wor-
ried banker. He enquired of the reason.

  “It’s these damnable cloud pictures, Mr.
Dunfrey,” Bowden explained. “They’re
slowly but surely pulling the country and
the world into chaos. You don’t realize
how a thing of this kind can upset the del-
icate balance of our world.

  “People don’t seem to want to work any
more, they have become unruly, lawless.
Accidents everywhere are on the increase,
rioting, radical activity is springing up
everywhere. We’ve had a wave of strikes,
a wave of lawlessness as in those days in
the 1920s; foreign relations all over the
world have never been in such a precarious
state. It’s enough to make one give up in
despair.”

  “But how do you attribute it all to the
cloud pictures?” Carol asked gently.

  “It’s beyond me,” Bowden said, wiping
his brow. “I want to pinch myself at times
to see whether I’m dreaming or not. But
I guess it’s all true,” he sighed. He sat up-

right as though he must get control over
himself. “It’s just this,” the banker was
himself again, “these cloud pictures, as-
suming that they really do show what is
to happen, have convinced people that there
is a power in the world bigger than any of
of us mortals. Now these pictures have b»
gun to show where the business and financial
leaders have blundered; and people are
blaming us for everything that happens.”
“Well aren’t they right?” Carol asked
sweetly.

  Bowden glared. “We’re only human
aren’t we?” he snapped. “We don’t claim
to be infallible. But people seem to have
no respect for authority any more, they go
to these exhibitions as though they expected
to see God there ...” he seemed to absorb
his own words . . . “yes God . . . Now peo-
ple have no desire to do anything except
quarrel with their neighbors, fight with
their employers . . . steal, murder ...”
“Well, what’s to be done?” Carol asked
quietly.

  “Done?” Bowden looked at him ques-
tionably. “What can we do. This law to
do away with our radicals should help. But
those damned exhibitions must go too. Why
they’re uncanny, that cloud just seems to
float about the city, as though it were a
ghost.”

  Carol nodded. Booth had told him of his
intentions to shift the position of the cloud
each night, so that no overt acts might be
taken against it.

  “But things are bad, Mr. Dunfrey, the
stock market is in the dumps and business
was never worse. Luckily for us the bank
is pretty solid, your father took care of
that?”

  “He did?” Carol asked surprised.

  “Yes,” Bowden looked at Carol with awe
in his eyes. “It was almost as if your father
expected all this confusion. So your inter-
ests are pretty safe.”

  Carol smiled. “Wise old dad,” he thought.
Then he decided to take a chance.

  “Do you know, Mr. Bowden, where I
could get a copy of The Happy Life?”
Bowden looked at Carol in surprise. “No,
what is it?”

  “Oh! just a book,” Carol said indifferent-
186

WONDER STORIES

ly. “But my real business. I want to buy
a newspaper.”

  The surprise on Bowden’s face deepened.
“A newspaper?”

  “Yes,” Carol smiled. “I want to become
a journalist. Can you suggest a good
paper?”

  Bowden pondered a moment. “It’s rather
a bad time to make an investment now, Mr.
Dunfrey, but on second thought the pur-
chase of a newspaper isn’t an altogether a
bad thought. I might suggest the Daily
Conservative, yes that’s it,” he smiled sly-
ly. “I suppose you want to take an aggres-
sive hand in this confusion.”

     Carol nodded. “That’s just it, an ag-
gressive hand.” He rose, “You will arrange
it? Let me know the price.”

  Bowden shook his hand. “I’ll do that. I
think you can stir up the authorities to get
rid of these vermin. The rest of the press
is demoralized just now.”

  “Oh! but you mistake my motive, Mr.
Bowden,” Carol said innocently. “I don’t
intend to get rid of the vermin you mean.

I want the cloud pictures to remain if they
will help us to discover the sore spots in
our social life. That will be my policy.”
Carol walked to the door, and as he open-
ed it, he looked back. Bowden was stand-
ing just where Carol had left him, a look
of bewilderment on his round, dominating
countenance.

         *	* * *

  That evening as Pimpkins was laying out
Carol’s clothes, Carol suddenly walked into
the room. He stood for a moment watching
hi® valet.

  “Peter,” he said slowly. “I want to buy
p copy of The Happy Life. Do you know
where I can get one.”

  Peter grinned. ‘,4I was waiting for you to
ask me that, sir. At Carr’s, north by west.
You see, sir, your father found that to keep
me in his service in such a close—you might
say—intimate position it was necessary to
trust me.”

  “Then you knew about the cave?” Carol
asked, his eyes twinkling.

  “Yes, sir, but I had never seen it. Now

I	have seen it and I am content.”

  “Good, Peter,” said Carol.

CHAPTER IX.

The Coming of Chaos

FOR the next two weeks Carol laoored
unceasingly at his desk in the publish-
er’s office of the Daily Conservative. To
the astonished and affrighted staff of this
old and respected paper he delivered his
statement of policy.

  “We are to be the creators of a new
world,” he told them. “These cloud pic-
tures are teaching us things. Our world is
full of sore spots, full of inequalities, in-
justices, stupidities. We are going to clean
them up. To those who want to work with
me for a new order, I offer good jobs, to
those who do not I offer my blessings. Do
you want to stay or go?”

  The answer was a cheer from his press-
men and reporters. The editors remained
discreetly silent, but at the end of a week
they were won over. They were tired, they
said, of working on a ceaseless grind of
profit-making—now they could work for the
joy of it.

  Carol had no illusions about the serious-
ness of his task. He saw everywhere about
him the signs of a breakup in the morale of
people. In clubs, restaurants, theatres, of-
fices, there was an undeniable apprehen-
sion about people, a frightened look that
turned occasionally to belligerence, as
though they sought among those near them
some one on which to vent their own feel-
ings of futility.

  The day after he had purchased the pa-
per, Carol speaking to Booth over their pri-
vate communication set asked if Booth would
not cease the exhibitions for a few weeks.
It would give people a breathing spell, per-
haps a temporary feeling of escape from the
deadly inexorableness of the exhibitions.
But Booth shook his head, his face harden-
ing.

“No, Carol, they must go on as usual.

I	cannot have the world feel that our ene-
mies have conquered us.”

  “But it would be just for a few weeks,”
Carol protested. “Then you could begin
again.”

“No, trust me, Carol,” Booth admonished.
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

187

Carol reluctantly agreed. But he did win
from Booth the promise that the exhibitions
for two weeks would show nothing alarm-
ing, they would be merely inconsequential
happenings, a sign only that the power be-
hind the exhibitions still existed.

  Into the early hours of each morning,
Carol labored at the organization of his
newspaper, establishing firmly his knowl-
edge of current affairs, writing editorials,
interviewing prominent men to get their
reactions not only on the exhibitions but on
general matters—to feel the pulse of the
world, as it were. There were problems to
settle with Carr about the supplies for the
ccve, and with Green about the communica-
tions with the few men in foreign countries
who were in sympathy with their cause.

  Nightly too, Carol moved about the city
watching the cloud pictures at the place
Booth had appointed. By Booth’s plans the
cloud moved slowly over the tops of build-
ings so that the crowds could follow it un-
til it settled somewhere about an open
square where the pictures would be shown.

  Though Booth had explained in simple
terms the principles behind the cloud and
its mysterious movements, Carol could never
lose his feeling of the marvel of it all.

  “What appears to be a cloud,” Booth had
said, “is a solidified foam of what I call
Benzone. It is constructed so that the ridges
in its surface have compensating effect and
do not destroy the continuity of the image.
The core of the cloud, upon which the cloud
is formed is a magnetic torpedo, operated
by Carr from the heights of the Hudson
above Yonkers. When the exhibition is
over the cloud rises high into the air, a
black fluid is released from the torpedo
which penetrating the cloud makes it prac-
tically invisible at night. Each evening
Carr send it out and recalls it.”

  The people, Carol noticed, were surly,
morose and inclined to be quarrelsome. In
great masses they looked at the pictures in
silence and often threw vile words against
the night sky to indicate their defiance of
the force behind the projections.

  Springing up everywhere were street cor-
ner speakers who harangued crowds of un-

employed, warning them of the heel of
the ruling classes that would soon descend
on them. Some of these self appointed
prophets shouted that the exhibitions were
the work of the “capitalists” who were try-
ing to frighten the people into economic
slavery. But the speakers themselves were
plainly puzzled by their own words, they
uttered phrases whose meanings they could
not understand.

  At one corner, Carol saw a lean wild-
eyed man shouting hoarsely to a crowd that
listened in stony silence. The man pointed
tj the cloud that was floating slowly down
upon them. “Listen, you sinners,” he
screamed, “the day of judgment has come.
On this white cloud is written your fate.
Just as Sodom and Gomorrah ...” but he
got no further. There were hoarse shouts
from the crowd, a surging forward, fists
flew, screams came from the frightened
man, as Carol saw him go down under
blows from a dozen men. For a moment
Carol stood there hypnotized. Then sud-
denly as a detachment of police charged
down upon the crowd, it melted away. Up-
on the street, his head a bloody pulp, lay
the prophet, his sightless opened eyes gaz-
ing upward to the sky from which the
avenger was to come. Carol turned away
sickened.

  Though he telephoned Joan occasionally,
and received cool answers from her, Carol
could find no time to leave his burden of
work to see her.

  “Just a few days, more, Joan,” he plead-
ed, “then I’ll be free for you.”

  “Oh there’s no hurry,” she would say
frigidly, and hang up the receiver.

  Finally in desperation he telephoned her
one day, and asked to see her at once. Deep
in his subconscious was a need for a wo-
man’s love, and Joan was the only woman
he knew who could fill that need. He must
see her now, for his weeks of grace from
Booth were up and he knew-that in a few
days Booth would again begin to project
the inexorable fates of men. And with the
present temper of people, Carol knew he
must remain at all times in close touch with
the world.
188

WONDER STORIES

IT was restful to be with her that after-
noon. In her spacious high ceilinged room
he sat, a lonely young man, listening to her
play Chopin, Grieg and Schumann, while
through the French windows he could look
down upon the velvet lawn and to the splash
of the Hudson.

  Joan was lovely, cool and restful. But
today she was distant until finally she came
over to him.

  “Carol, what’s come between us. What is
this terrible thing in you that is estranging
us?”

  Carol smiled wearily. “I’m trying to re-
form the world, dear. Quite a task for a
young man.”

  “It’s not that, Carol,” she shook her head.
“There’s something else burdened on you.”

  “It’s nothing,” he insisted, and as if to
save him from further answer Blake entered
the room. His manner, outwardly stiff,
was underneath cordial to Carol.

  “You’re running a newspaper, I hear,” he
said, an attempt at friendliness.

  “Trying to, Mr. Blake,” Carol said off-
handedly.

  He looked at Blake sharply. The man
seemed to have aged in weeks. His formerly
plump face was thin and drawn, his hair
had whitened perceptibly. His back stoop-
ed. He looked as though he were trying to
avoid some horrible inescapable fate.

  “Are you ill, sir?” he asked solicitously.

  “Perhaps,” Blake mumbled. He pointed
to his brow. “But it’s here.” He sat down.
“Carol, I want your help again. No, not
what you mean ...” he waved Carol back
to his seat.

  “Carol,” he asked suddenly, “did you
ever hear your father speak of a Henry
Booth.”

  Carol clutched at his chair as though he
were about to fall through a bottomless
pit.

  “Booth?” he asked confused. Could
Blake have learned already? It seemed in-
credible.

  “Why I don’t think so?”

  Blake shook his head. “I suppose not...”
he turned to Joan. “Will you ask him to
help us?”

  Joan took Carol’s hand. “Yes, Carol,

try to think. Didn’t your father ever speak
of him?” she turned back to her father.
“But daddy, this isn’t fair, we must tell
Carol what it’s all about . . . ” •

  “That’s true,” Blake nodded. “To tell
the truth, Carol, I think I have found my
man . . . the man of the cloud pictures ...”
Carol gazed at Blake stonily. He would
not betray Booth though they tried to torture
him. But now he must hide any sign of
recognition of the name.

  “In the course of my search,” Blake went
on, “I was determined to overlook no clue
nc matter how remote. I felt, as I told you
before, that the man—and I am convinced
now that this thing has one big brain be-
hind it—must have left a trace of himself
somewhere. My men searched the libraries,
the laboratories, the patent offices, the
scientific clubs, the universities all over the
world. We looked into the records of hun-
dreds of men, and followed thousands of
blind clues. I have only one that shows any
promise and curiously enough it lead to
someone your father might have known.”
Carol remained silent. He could not
feign surprise, yet he must avoid any indi-
cation of suspicion to those searching black
eyes that were watching him so intently.

  “The only clue I found,” Blake said,
“was this book.” He took a little volume
from his pocket and handed it to Carol.

  Carol read the title. “The Mathematics
of Causation,” by “Henry Booth’” It was
dated at Cambridge, Mass., 1925.

  He handed it back to Blake.

  “This book,” Blake went on, “is an at-
tempt to apply mathematics to the causation
of events, the author taking the stand that
one could chart mathematically the course
of history or politics or economics, and pro-
ject it into the future. It’s a youthful vol-
ume, but it has a remarkable penetration
into the subject.”

  Blake smiled, a wan smile. “It makes me
almost believe in it.”

  “But you do, daddy,” Joan interrupted.
Carol looked from one to the other.

  “Booth, I found,” Blake went on, balanc-
ing the book in his hand, “graduated from
Massachusetts Tech. in 1924 and from
there his trail ceased until I found a pro-
THE TIME

PROJECTOR

189

fessor there who had been a student after
Booth graduated. He said he remembered
Booth as'a silent secretive man who had
made some rather remarkable discoveries

iii	chemistry and physics, though they were
not generally credited to him. But in 1928
Booth disappeared, and left no trace what-
ever and there the trail drops. I feel that
Booth is my man.”

  He sat back silently as though to ponder
his words.

  Carol felt Joan’s eyes on his. He looked
at her soberly.

  “Tell Carol, how this concerns him, dad-
dy,” Joan asked.

  “It happens, Carol,” Blake said, “that
your father graduated from Massachusetts
Tech in the same class as Booth ...”

  “And daddy thinks,” Joan went on im-
pulsively, “that if you can only remember
just one little mention of him that it may
be the clue to finding the man . . . Please
think hard, Carol ...”

  “What is it, Joan?” Carol asked. “Do
you want to see this man destroyed?”

  Joan nodded emphatically. “Nt^w I do,
Carol. At first not, because I was over1
awed by the exhibitions, and I felt that per-
haps if people could see the truth it might
really make them free. But now when I
see how miserable everyone is, how restless,
how uneasy the whole world is with this
strange force in it, I can’t help but feel that
it must go . . . the world was never meant
t > have it. Don’t you feel that way?”

  “I don’t know, Joan,” Carol said truth-
fully. Doubts were really assailing him.

  “But about Booth,” Blake persisted.
“Can’t you remember anything?”

  “You see, father must have known him
before I was born,” Carol said defensively.
He didn’t care to lie to these friends. He
didn’t want to be forced to it.

  “But wasn’t there any mention of him
whatever in your father’s life?”

  “There’s none that I can say ...” Carol
answered.

  “Then won’t you help daddy to find this
man, Carol?” Joan pleaded.

  Carol rose. “I’m sorry, Joan, but there’s
really nothing that I can do.”

  The color left Joan’s face. “Not for

me?”

  “I’m sorry.”

  Joan stiffened. “I believe we’re detain-
ing Mr. Dunfrey, daddy.”

  Carol nodded to both of them and walk-
ed from the room.

  In the city he walked about more lone-
some than ever. This meant now that he
had alienated Joan forever, for he could
never, at least not until it was too late, tell
her his secret. She was definitely in the
enemy’s camp.

  Must he bear this secret alone then? He
looked into people’s faces, to see the won-
der and bewilderment there, and felt as
though the desire to blurt out to them what
h' knew would become an irresistable urge.
The desire to tell kept hammering, tortur-
ing at his brain, “Tell .. . tell .. . tell . .

        CHAPTER X.
        Carol Returns

W!TH a lull in the force of the exhibi-
tions over a period of several weeks,
public attention became focussed on the bill
before Congress to impose the capital pen-
alty upon agitators aiming at the destruc-
tion of property and lives.

  With powerful sentiment behind the bill,
it seemed destined to pass, despite the mut-
terings from the liberal and radical press.
But what shocked the country was to find
one morning on the front page of the Daily
Conservative, editor Carol Dunfrey, an edi-
torial denouncing the proposed bill. “Are
We Blind?” was the title in great black let-
ters, and there followed in short bold sen-
tences. “Are we blind to the forces that
have created this bill? Are we blind to its
purpose to stifle all free thought? Are
we blind to the intention of one oligarchic
group to hold the nation by the throat?
Are we blind to the fact that it is the fear
of the cloud pictures that is causing this
cowardly reprisal against an unknown en-
emy? Are we blind to the fact that these
pictures may help us out of the pits of our
own follies?”

  In some circles the editorial came as a
        {Continued on Page 273)
 The Planet of Despair

He heaved mightily and slowly, very slowly, the tremendous mass
turned on its bearings.

  190
The Planet of Despair

HI BUCKRAM, corporal	By the Author oj walk, taking one of the

of the Interplanetary "The Terrors of AryV’ higher promenades that
Flying Police, handed in "King of the Black BowV* crossed, like innumerable

his report gratefully, and
after an interview with the station barber,
turned toward Central City, in the heart of
the ancient continent of America. It was
only a hundred miles away, a matter of a
few minutes in the bus plane.

The vehicle had only a few dozen pas-
sengers, I. F. P. men
and like Hi, pleasure
bent. But the young
corporal looked for-
ward with special eag-
erness to the skyline
for a first glimpse of
that glistening color-
ful wilderness of need-
le-like towers aspiring
to the heavens. For
Central City was the
home of Cinda Mara.

And Corporal Buck-
ram, on that lonely
six months patrol of
the Mercurian orbit,
had thought often and
fondly of lovely Cin-
da. Heartened by his
bright new chevrons
and the increase in
salary that went with
them, he intended to
speak definitely to her
when she should re-
cover from the glad
surprise of his return.

The bus plunged
dizzily from the rare-
fied upper reaches into the denser atmos-
phere below, its passengers holding on tight-
ly to resist the rapid deceleration. It
swept between tall pointed spires, settling
at last on an absurdly small landing plat-
form.

The pneumatic passenger tube station,
where Hi proposed to take one of the swift
little cars to the suburban Mara home, was
still about a mile away, and Hi elected to

 r< CIENTISTS who exam-\
 *3 irie the qualities of the
 human race, often tend to
 overlook the immense im-
 portance in our develop-
 ment of emotion. It is
 emotion—parental love —
 that causes individuals or
 races to store up wealth in
 various forms in excess of
 their needs for the use of
 their children. Upon this
 providing for the future,
 civilization is built.

   Scientists often look
  down upon their fellowmen
  with scorn because they are
  so steeped in emotional re-
  sponses. Yet if it were not
  for such things as jealousy,
  fear, love, pride and other
  emotions we might, as a
  race, have accomplished lit-
  tle with our intellects. And
  if a time comes, as our
  author has pictured, that
  we are faced with a men-
  tally superior race, emotion
  may well serve us to win
  ^out against sheer intellect

              gossamer filaments, from
 tower to tower. He was conscious immed-
 iately of a pervading depression, a poorly
 concealed melancholy. Here and there were
 inconspicuous black streamers, the only
 sign of mourning allowed by law.

   Hi remembered with a disagreeable shock
                     that his pilgrimage of
                     happiness was coincid-
                     ing with a period of
                     universal sorrow, the
                     annual Days of Sacri-
                     fice, when the whole
                     human race was bow-
                     ed with grief and
                     shame. It was the
                     time of the final cere-
                     monies when the vic-
                     tims, fifteen young
                     men and fifteen girls,
                     selected from the most
                     perfect and the most
                     beautiful o n earth,
                     were bid farewell with
                     sorrowful pomp.

                  The crowds were
drifting toward the
Tower of Sacrifice, a
jet-black, ugly conical
structure that dwarfed
the lofty, beautiful
towers amid which it
stood. Its top was
swathed in a flimsy
rag of cloud, as if even
this lifeless symbol of
Plutonian domination
felt somehow the reproach of a still higher
power. Out of that mountain-high top
would presently trail the fiery wake of the
Ship of Sacrifice, the black Aegeida, fraught
with doom and despair. It would carry in-
to the black frigidity of space the flower of
humanity, to be delivered to an unknown
fate on that dark, hateful planet appro-
priately known as Pluto, four billion miles
from the sun. Then it would return, like

191
192

WONDER STORIES

an evil omen, to await the next sacrifice.

  The effect of this universal mourning on
Hi was characteristic of him. Somehow he
could not mold himself to the general ac-
ceptance of the inevitable. As with the
majority of the I. F. P. men, the sight of
the black tower filled him with bitter anta-
gonism. His pugnacious though ordinar-
ily pleasant face reddened, and his close-
cropped, sandy hair under the small, close-
fitting skullcap of the Service seemed to
bristle. He went with the crowd, his nar-
rowed blue eyes dangerous. The people
made way for him, and so the soldierly fig-
ure in uniform, easily distinguishable in
that sea of bright colors and flowing robes,
soon reached the long
ramps that led down to
the half-mile circle at the
base of the black tower.

Several hundred yards
away, under the frowning
black stone, the sacrifi-
cial platform was filling.

A city policeman hailed
him:

  “Just in, Hi?”

  Hi recognized an ac-
quaintance.

  “Great time to come
home, eh?” he grunted.

  “Might as well come
with me. I can get you
through the lines.”

  Somewhat reluctantly
Hi went with him. A
strong cordon of police surrounded the plat-
form—a precaution against rescuing parties
which were sometimes organized by the
friends and families of the victims. They
sat on the stone steps leading to the plat-
form.

  “Toughest assignment for a man on the
city police to draw,” Hi’s friend stated.
“People seem to think it’s our fault, some-
how. Look how they glare at usi They
hate us!”

  “Yeh,” Hi agreed gloomily. “And yet,”
he added with vehemence, “if they left it to
us we’d clean up that mess of devils or die
trying!”

  “I know that,” the city policeman agreed

  readily. “You fellows did put up a beauti-
ful scrap, and it was only because of orders
from home that you quit before they’d re-
duced all your ships to nothing.”

  He was referring, of course, to that short,
decisive battle which, more than fifty years
ago, twenty-five years before Hi was born,
had ended with the complete subjugation of
the human race—until then the lawgivers
and law enforcers of the solar system. The
Terrestrials still policed the solar system,
but only on sufferance of the Plutonians.
And the far-flung orbit of Pluto itself was
taboo to the ubiquitous patrols of the
I. F. P.

A SIGH passed like a
wave over the mul-
titude, and an old man,
clad in a robe of dead
black with white border,
stepped out of the tower
on to the empty stage.
On his head was an ugly,
box-like cap of mourn-
ing. In his withered
hand he carried a wand,
or staff of purple trans-
parent material. His
white beard quivered in a
slight breeze as he took
his place before the am-
plifier microphones. He
looked expectantly tow-
ard the seats intended for
the sacrifices, who now
filed out of the dark tower, dressed all in
white. The girls, most of them, were led
Oi. the arms of Tower servants. The young
men, walking alone, came with enforced
calm.

  It was a pitiable effort. Chalk-faced, the
sacrifices had reached the stage of merciful
numbness. They took their seats, fumbling-
ly. Hi could not bear to look at them.
Under his breath he cursed the age-old hu-
man fetish for making a show of everything.
How much kinder to let them spend their
last few hours on Earth alone!

“The Public Apologist—he’s starting!”
In a quavering voice that sounded grotes-
que when powerfully amplified, the old

R. F. STARZL
THE PLANET OB’ DESPAIR

193

man began his discourse. Bowing low to
the sacrifices he spoke:

  “In the name of all humanity. . . .”

  It was the traditional formula.

  “In the name of all humanity, I beg of
you forgiveness. That we may live you
must go to your death. So it has been year
after year for half a century. We pray
that it may not be so forever.

  “It is not want of courage on the part of
humanity that sends you away. On even
terms—on much less than even terms—
would the Earthmen give battle to Pluto.
But you all know how helpless we are! Is
not that terrible year of 3,927 still fresh in
the minds of people still living? The year
when the Plutonians discovered their gra-
vity distorting beam? The year that Earth
left its orbit around the sun and flew off
on a tangent? The year that we saw the sun
dwindle and pale while the deathly frost
diove us into the deepest mines, when even
the winds died, and the air condensed like
water on the surface of the Earth. . . .”

  One of the girl sacrifices—a maid of
eighteen, suddenly burst into a hysterical
shriek. Two nurses carried her quickly in-
to the tower.

  “Oh we fought them!” continued the Apo-
logist. “Our ships flew to Pluto as iron
flies to a magnet. But as atomic cohesion
is only another function of gravity, their
distorting beam, sufficiently intensified, ac-
tually caused the atoms of which ships, men
and weapons were composed, to disinte-
grate. Who can fight an enemy like that?

  “So we were forced to this treaty—to sac-
rifice fifteen young men and fifteen girls
every year—in order that all humanity
might live. The Plutonians thereupon re-
turned our planet to its orbit. Their emis-
saries are here. Are you ready?”

  If the poor victims had been able to say
anything their voices were drowned by the
noise of the mob, confused shouts, shrieks,
hysterical laughter. Someone started a
patriotic song and it was instantly caught
up, screamed in something of a frenzy by
nearly half a million people.

  Sickened, Hi turned to go, but a fresh
outburst made him turn back. A Plutonian
had come out of the tower, stooping to get

  his tremendous bulk through the door. His
black, lack-lustre eyes viewed the public
indifferently, puzzled perhaps, by that mael-
strom of emotion that encompassed the en-
tile range from bitter hate to adulation.

  The Plutonian was Fernon, the scientist
who was to officially accept the sacrifices.
He was black with a hard, glossy blackness.
Twelve feet tall, he stalked in like a con-
quering colossus. Only superficially did
he resemble human form, for his powerful
legs had webs, not feet. From his repul-
sive, wrinkled head sprouted two brilliant
crimson knobs. The ears were small, close
to the head and sharply pointed.

  Fernon was entirely naked, draped only
by the tattered and burned looking remains
of what had been great, batlike wings in his
youth, a thousand years ago. From a belt
dingled an ordinary heat-ray weapon. From
a ligament on one shoulder sprouted a
young Plutonian, about six inches tall and
fully formed, for the Plutonians have no
sex, reproducing by fission, like the sim-
ple Earth cells. The young Plutonian was
squalling and cursing in a tiny, mosquito-
like voice, but Fernon paid him no attention
whatever.

  On Fernon’s face, the most nearly human
thing about him—was that same expression
common to all Plutonians—an expression
of neither good nor evil, showing no pas-
sion or emotion save that of vague curios-
ity. As he glanced at the teeming and hos-
tile multitude, he seemed to be looking
through them, eternally seeking for the ans-
wer to some cosmic riddle.

A Daring Exchange

FOLLOWING Fernon came the renegade
technic, Bilks, one of the few humans
in the service of the dark lords. Bilks was
huge, for a human being, though dwarfed
by his master. He was hairy, truculent,
but now, as he darted furtive looks from
side to side, he was sweating with nervous-
ness. He had no physical violence to fear,
but it was as if his brain could not with-
stand the silent storm of contemptuous hate
that beat against him. Naro, Plutonian
194.

WONDER STORIES

master of the sacrifice ship, stooped to look
out and nodded his head.

  “Go in!” Fernon waved his hand, tersely
careless.

  Amid a deep silence the sacrifices started
to file in. Hi Buckram watched them with
deep pity. And a girl whom he had no-
ticed before turned so that he saw her tear
wet face. She saw him at the same time,
shook her head with a pathetic smile.

  “Cinda

  Hi was clambering up the stone side of
the platform. His friend of the City police
pulled him back.

  “Stop!” he muttered. “What’s the use?
I didn’t know she was your girl.”

  “Let me go!” Hi panted. But several of
the City guards seized him. A low growl
welled up terrifyingly all around until it
btcam£ a bestial roar, and the guards be-
came the center of a battle royal. These
riots were not uncommon, and as the City
police battled for their lives Hi managed to
escape. But against the press of the mill-
ing mob he was unable to win his way back
to the platform before the door of the tow-
er was closed. Hi looked at it for a long
time, unmindful of the tumult, and when
at last he went away it was with the air
of a man who has determined to stake his
life on a desperate venture, fully expecting
tc lose.

*	* *

  The Banquet of the Sacrifices was in pro-
giess. Night had turned the heavens black,
spreading over a dream city. As far as
the eye could see were exquisite pillars,
towers, arches, bathed in milky light and
flooded with rainbow colors. But the win-
dowless Tower of Sacrifice was black and
dark. Within it the choicest specimens of
humanity sat at tables laden with selected
viands that they coukl not eat, while a fam-
ous director was leading a symphony of
colors and sound that went unheeded.

  Servants came and went, wearing the
special striped black and white sacrificial
robes that were used for this purpose only.
Guards scrutinized carefully the badges they
wore, for it was a strictly enforced rule that
whoever permitted a sacrifice to escape must
himself be executed, or if physically perfect

enough, to take the escaped sacrifice’s place.

  As one of these servants passed along the
base of the tower in the shadow, a sturdy
young man, wearing the conventional long
loose robe, accosted him:

  “Say fellow, how’d you like to make a
tenner and have the rest of the evening
off?”

  “Can’t do it, whoever you are. And be-
sides, I don’t handle nothing but fruit
juices. Another guy has the sacrificial
merclite.”

  “I’m not looking for merclite,” explained
the stranger. “I want to take the place of
one of those fellows in there.”

  “I never heard of any exchanges this
late,” objected the servingman suspicious-
ly. “Why don’t you go see the conscript-
ing judges?”

  “I did, but they’re afraid of the political
effect. But—well, my girl is in there. You
see? I’m Hi Buckram of the I. F. P. I
can’t let her go out there alone! Listen
here, fool, d’ye know what that means?”

  “It means the same to the rest of ’em,”
the man remarked unfeelingly, stooping to
pick up his burden.

  Hi knocked him out and dragged him in-
to a niche in the wall, where he changed
clothes with him. Then he boldly walked
in, carrying a case of bottled goods with
him. Fortunately he was met by an excited
caterer, whose impatient admonitions to
hurry amused the guards. Hi caught a
glimpse of the banquet hall, with more than
half the places around the great table emp-
ty. That meant that many of the sacrifices
would be wandering around the tower.

  He found his lucky man dispiritedly com-
ing down the long spiral ramp which
wound around the central space ship well
of the black tower. Hastily explaining the
situation, Hi effected another change of
clothing, curtly stopped the boy’s flood of
incredulous thanksgiving. At any moment
the call for the examinations might come,
and if the full quota of the sacrifices failed
to respond there would be an investigation.
He reached the lower levels just in time.

FERNON was already at work. One at
a time the sacrifices would be taken
THE PLANET OF DESPAIR

195

before him, stark naked, and subjected to a
searching physical examination. To the
girls, most of them delicately reared, Fer-
non’s impersonal examination was far less
intolerable than the hungry officiousness of
the renegade Bilks. Fernon saw this and
sent Bilks out. But the Plutonian showed no
great interest until he regarded Hi Buck-
ram’s muscular body.

  “Are you the one they call Tycho Lar-
us?” Fernon inquired rumblingly*

  “I am,” Hi replied without hesitation.
Tycho Larus was the name of the youth
with whom he had exchanged.

  “They lied about your age, Tycho Lar-
us?” Fernon remarked, making a perfunc-
tory adjustment in a mass of strange in-
struments.

  “It is perhaps your machine that lies,”
Hi rejoined evenly.

  “You are actually twenty-four years old,”
Fernon pursued, “which is contrary to the
covenant.”

  “All right,” Hi exclaimed harshly. “Let
me go then!”

  “Oh, I don’t know.” Fernon thought for
a moment. “It is perhaps because you
Earthlings have kept too well to the cove-
nant that we have failed in our quest.” He
squeezed Hi’s arm in his ironhard grip un-
til the soldier winced.

  “Yes,” he mused, “There is something
about you which these others lacked. Are
you happy?”

  Hi looked at Fernon steadily, not speak-
ing.

  “Yes, I see,” Fernon said after a mo-
ment. “You would be happy to fight me.
Usually they are soft and whining and beg
for mercy. But I never have found out
what mercy is, except not to do the thing
that you are going to do.”

  With a small pocket transparency ray
Fernon carefully examined Hi’s inner or-
gans. “Good stomach,” he mumbled, “good
lungs, very good heart. Brain convolutions
excellent. A firmness about you, Tycho
Larus, that indicates you will be a good
scibject. By my knobs, but you are a stout
one! You seem to feel no more fear than I.
Here, how did you get that burn on your
shoulder?”

  “That? Oh that! Happened to stand
back of a rocket plane when it started,” Hi
falsified.

  “These Earthlings are in need of a les-
son. The covenant stipulates that the sac-
rifices must be free from blemish. Still—-
I’ll accept you. You may be more useful
in our research than the others.”

*	* *

  On board the Aegeida the sacrifices were
well treated. The youths and the girls had
separate quarters, comfortable, though they
now had to do without servants. Bilks and
Nara were the only crew, as the ship was
a small one. Fernon appeared occasionally
to check up the health of his charges but
did not disturb them otherwise. Some of
the victims were still sunk in dull apathy,
while others, conscious that the end was
near, sought the solace of love and com-
panionship to help them forget.

  Fernon continued to take unusual interest
in Hi, known to him as Tycho. He did not
fail to observe the attachment between him
and the fair-haired girl who called herself
Cinda Mara. One day he asked:

  “Earthling, it strikes me that the ancient
wisdom of our race is faulty. Although we
are in every way superior to you, in your
puny, shortlived bodies is something that
we have not. Something finer. Something
that we can no more imagine than you can
imagine the color of ultra-violet which does
not affect your eyes. What is happiness?”
“Seems to me I’m specially favored,” Hi
remarked warily. “What do you want to
know about happiness?”

  “What is it? Is it what you call emo-
tion? You call them love, hate, happi-
ness, sadness. What are they? For fifty
years the great scientists of our race have
tried to learn. Although we separated you
in tiny bits we could not find out what made
you as you are. But we know there is
something. We have seen that to the Earth
animals their trifling span of life is more
than our great spans are to us. But why?
Tc solve that riddle would be a great scien-
tific accomplishment.”

   Hi looked into the gigantic black face that
loomed above him. Fernon’s disclosure
reminded him sharply that to the Pluton-
196

WONDER STORIES

ian he was no more than a mouse under the
knife of a laboratory investigator. The
dead black eyes seemed not even to be look-
ii g at him, but through him into the nebu-
losity of a cosmic secret.

  “For fifty of your years, since the time
of the Covenant, I have been bringing home
the ship of sacrifice. Always they have been
the same. The very young of your race,
taken to a fate which they no doubt dislike,
somehow seem to draw from some inner
source strength—tell me—” and the Pluton-
ian’s gaze was all at once direct and pene-
trating—“tell me, is it their souls?”

HI BUCKRAM, former corporal of the
I. F. P., alias Tycho Larus, laughed in
Fernon’s emotionless face. He slapped his
thigh. He doubled up and shouted until the
tears ran down his face, at the grisly ab-
surdity of Fernon’s casual disclosure. How
interested they would be on Earth to learn
what Fernon had just said, for the Pluton-
ians had never deigned to explain the object
of their research before, any more than the
terrestrial scientists considers it necessary
to explain to his guinea pigs why he js cut-
ting them up.

  “Listen!” He gasped when the paroxy-
sm had passed. “Why, long ago—long be-
fore even you split from your parent—
many generations of yours ago, your an-
cestors were looking for the very same
thing. They came to the Earth. Somebody
sold them on the idea that Earth people are
different because they have souls. They
spent a lot of time and did a lot of harm
chasing around for souls. They certainly
earned themselves a bad reputation, but
they never found any souls.”

  “Tradition is that they did,” Fernon in-
sisted stubbornly, “but as the great work
was about to be consolidated they met un-
expected resistance. The Earthlings learn-
ed to fight. Earth was abandoned, and it
was not until we invented the gravity dis-
tortion beam that we could renew our re-
search.”

  “Well, of all the dumb—” Hi forgot bis
own position as he looked at Fernon with
exasperated wonder. “Searching for souls—

What were you going to do with them—
eat ’em? How do you handle ’em?”

  “Well,” Fernon started to explain, “we
go at it in various ways—” and with meti-
culous attention to technical detail Fernon
explained the contacting theories of var-
ious Plutonian schools of vivisection until
Hi no longer saw any humor in the’ situa-
tion, but swayed, white-faced, thinking of
Cinda.

*	* *

  Pluto was occulting more and more stars.
The planet itself was dim, a vague, mon-
strous mass that seemed to hang menacingly
a little above and to the right of the ship’s
bow. To the sacrifices it seemed to grow
with ominous swiftness. Now it blotted out
the entire heavens, and then the ship lurched
as the bow rockets* were started, to deceler-
ate.

  A pilot ship of the Plutonian patrol fleet
flashed by them, convoying them over hun-
dreds of miles of icy, sterile terrain, until at
last, directly below them, lay a yawning
black pit, immeasurably deep. The ship
dropped like a plummet, Nara, the master,
anxiously watching the dull red glow that
presently appeared below. Again came
that swift deceleration, and the ship darted
into a gigantic lateral tunnel, illuminated
by a lurid, smoky light from a source some-
where in the depths^ which Hi assumed to
be of volcanic origin. Here, it was rumor-
ed, were the giant thermocouples from which
the Plutonians drew incredible amounts of
power.

A Bargain

i ■"

THE rockets were now cut off and the
ship was carried and drawn along by
gigantic magnetic levitators attached to the
ceiling of the great tunnel. There was ar-
tificial lighting from long, blood-red tubes.
It seemed very insufficient to Hi’s eyes, but
he knew that the tubes no doubt emitted
large quantities of infra-red light, by which
the Plutonians see best.

  •While the Plutonians used the gravity dis-
torting beam in navigating some of their space
ships, those touching the Earth were not so
equipped, lest the terrestrials capture one and
learn the secret of the beam.
THE PLANET OF DESPAIR

197

  So they came at last to a Plutonian city,
a fantastic conglomeration of angular, mis-
shapen buildings that looked like a wilder-
ness of black basaltic rocks. The bloody
red light seemed to lap them like waves of
fire. It streamed in through the ports,
painting the pale faces of the sacrifices.

  The Aegeida touched the ground within
high walls. Clean metal cages were carried
out by a number of Plutonians, the sacri-
fices herded into them and locked up. At-
tendants carried the cages to a number of
tables in a great pentangular room which
was flooded with the throbbing red light,
they saw to food and water, and then de-
parted.

  “So that’s that!” Hi Buckram remarked.
He had clung to Cinda Mara, and she was
in the same cage with him. Hi’s heartening
presence had somehow raised her courage.
He looked down at her now. She was sit-
ting on the floor, looking at him with adora-
tion, with confidence. Hi had told her that
the I. F. P. had perfected a new weapon
and would make a surprise attack to rescue
them, adjuring her to keep that fact a sec-
ret. Of course she believed the blessed lie,

for in times of extreme peril it is human

 i • • • **
to be optimistic.

  As for himself, Hi was too hard-headed
to indulge in such hopes. But he had pro-
mised himself that his own body and that
cf Cinda should be useless to the Plutonian
investigators, in case a certain farfetched
and doubtful plan of his should fail.

  But first he would play that long chance.
Fernon’s casual disclosure of the Plutonian
search for some kind of a usable soul-es-
sense had somewhat reduced their mental
stature in Hi’s estimation. Perhaps they
could be tricked. The trick might yield
much. At the least it might yield a chance
to reduce the population of the dismal plan-
et somewhat.

  They slept on little shelves around the
sides of their cages. After some hours a
Plutonian came, bringing food and water,
but Fernon did not return until the equi-
valent of a day later, bringing with him a
young assistant of three or four hundred
years. They looked over their captives,
discussing, in their guttural purring lan-

guage, the work they intended to do. Hi
Buckram had a smattering of that tongue,
and mused that it wras well the other cap-
tives did not.

  “We will try this one first!” Fernon de-
cided, opening the door of Hi’s cage and
reaching inside. The other captives ran,
crouching into the farthest corner. But Hi
went forward to meet the great black arm.
He seized the wrist and vaulted into a sit-
ting position in the crook of Fernon’s arm.

  “It won’t be long before I see you, Cinda
dear,” he called cheerily. She did not see
the fine dew of perspiration that covered his
face, and was reassured.

  Again Fernon paid him tribute.

  “Look, Ushtur,” he rumbled to his assist-
ant, “how tractable it is. The others squeal
and kick. A good subject. It is the one
I told you about.”

  Hi squirmed about until he faced the huge
scientist.

  “Hey, I want to talk to you!”

  Fernon let him stand on a work bench,
so that Hi’s eyes were on a level with the
dead black questing ones.

  “I have something of importance to tell
you. Take me where we can be alone.”
“To tell me of what?”

  “Of what you want to know.”

  Fernon picked Hi up. strode into another
wing of the great underground laboratory.
This room seemed to be the one in which
the actual work was done, for it was equip-
ped with a wilderness of chemical and re-
search apparatus, including huge tanks and
test tubes as tall as a man, in which perhaps
the Plutonians sought to isolate the elusive
soul substance of humanity.

  “Now, tell!”

  “Fernon,” Hi said with an air of extreme
frankness, “I do not wish to die.”

  “Perhaps not,” Fernon remarked indif-
ferently.

  “There is a girl in one of your cages
whom I love. I wish to live, and with her.”
“All our specimens wish to live.” Fer-
non displayed slight impatience.

  “My proposition is simply this. Set us
free—let us live in your service—and I will
show you how to extract the soul essence
you are looking for.”
198

WONDER STORIES

FERNON did not hesitate to strike the
bargain. The Plutonians had found
other Earth renegades useful.

  “You may try,” he remarked. “If you
fail you and your female can still serve as
specimens.”

  “There are certain matters of equipment
I will need,” Hi stipulated.

  “You shall have them.”

  “During one process of the reduction I
shall need a tremendous amount of power.”
“We have power enough.” *

  “And the work must be performed some-
where where the cosmic rays from outside
can reach us. They are essential. With-
out them the experiment must fail.”

  “We could lay power conduits to the sur-
face, but that is five of your miles.” Fer-
non was dubious.

  Then Hi, with elaborate casualness, made
the suggestion that was at the very core of
his plans.

  “In that pit, where you keep your gravity
distorting beam—the big one I mean—you
have both power leads and access to the
outside. Also plenty of room.

  But Fernon was cool toward the sugges-
tion.

  “We could use the pit we came in through,
but not the pit of the beam,” he objected.
“We can not use that. It is the very heart
of our defenses. Always under heavy
guard. Only by special permission of the
Prince could we use it, and I doubt that
he would give it.”

  “You can ask him, can’t you?” Hi arg-
ued. “Well, if you won’t do it I won’t
work for you. Here!” He pulled open his
robe, baring his chest. “Go ahead and
carve me. See what you can find out!”

  But Fernon did not attempt to wrest the
secret from his breast with a scalpel. He
locked Hi securely back in his cage and
went to see the overlord of the planet. The
other specimens crowded to Hi, and excited
cries echoed from cage to cage. This tough
and cocky young fellow had come back
alive, as he had promised. He had vaguely
promised something more. They dared to
hope again.

  Hi managed to shake the others off, drew
Cinda to a corner and sat down with her.

  “Things are looking up,” he murmured.
“I made a deal with him.”

  It was another twenty-four hours before
Fernon returned, the victor of a battle in
council, on his hand tfle ring with the aug-
ust seal of the Prince, which made the wear-
er, for the time being, the equivalent of vice
regent in so far as this applied to his own
profession. His leathery old wings were
even more tattered and useless than they
had been before, but Fernon did not even
bother to explain to Hi that his victory had
included a duel to the death with Orfas,
former custodian of the pit of the Beam.
He merely told Hi that the required per-
mission had been obtained.

  The Pit was perhaps thirty miles from the
hideous city where the prisoners were kept.
It was a funnel like depression in the outer
skin of Pluto, about a hundred yards in dia-
meter at the bottom, with walls inclined at
an angle of forty-five degrees. It had been
formed quite simply after the Beam had been
constructed in the underground cavern se-
lected for it, by directing the Beam against
the roof of the cavern. All the enormous
mass of superincumbent rock, five miles
thick, deprived of its gravity, was thrown
out into space by centrifugal force.

  In the center of the hundred-yard circle
which Hi entered with his giant companion,
was the Beam. Hi looked at it curiously.
Although he was by no means a scientist,
he had a smattering of such things that was
as far advanced over our present scientific
knowledge as a present-day radio amateur
is advanced over a peasant of the Dark ages.
Somehow Hi had expected to see a gigantic
searchlight of some sort. Even the heat-
ray weapons he was accustomed to were
like that. But the Beam of gravity distor-
tion seemed to emanate from a triangular
arrangement of three polished metal bars
several feet thick and about fifty feet long,
joined at the corners by polished metal
balls about six feet in diameter. The tri-
angle was balanced horizontally on massive
gimbals capable of swinging the Beam in
any direction.

  Hi had been toying with a vaguely de-
fined plan to break through the guard, turn
or. the Beam, and direct it against the Plu-
THE PLANET OF DESPAIR

199

tonians themselves, some time during the
construction of his “soul-reduction mach-
ine.” Now he saw that the movement of the
triangle was limited by a massive quadrant
that would not permit its being turned be-
yond the angle of the pit’s walls. The
Prince, with foresight, had seen to it that
the weapon would be used against the out-
side world alone. Revolutionists would
find little inducement here.

The Great Strategy

FERNON held up the Prince’s ring, and
the guards reluctantly raised their hands
in salute and token of submission. There
were about twenty of them around the
Beam, as big as Fernon, but younger and
stronger. Strong guards were at each of
the numerous entrances of the pit, and
walking guards, armed like the rest, with
heavy maces and heat rays, paced their
beats. The pulsating red light was over
all, lapping at the rock walls, streaming out
into space. On Earth, Hi knew, it was
thought that this red light was the Beam
itself.

  “Begin!” Fernon commanded.

  “Where are the main power leads?”
“You can connect up at one of those
small red doors.”

  “Very well, but I will have to set up my
apparatus near the center of the floor, to
get the cosmic rays from all sides.”

  Fernon grumbled at that. “The guards
complain about your getting so close to the
Beam.”

  “Let ’em complain,” fii rejoined. “Show
’em the ring. This is important business.”
Under Hi’s direction Fernon and his as-
sistants set up a nightmarish conglomeration
of tubes, coils, polished bells, condensers.
It must have puzzled the Plutonians, for it
appeared to be nothing but a contraption
for the dissipation of electrical energy,
which, in fact, is all it was. But the end
finally came, and Hi declared the formi-
dable monstrosity complete.

  “Now bring on your specimens, and don’t
forget your 'promise,” Hi commanded. As
Fernon turned to go he added:

“On second thought, better bring ’em in

the Aegeida. That’s more like home to ’em.
It will quiet them, and make it easier to get
the clear soul essence. The special solvent
ray which I use at first will penetrate the
metal of the hull easy enough. Later we
will have to remove them for further treat-
ment.”

  Fernon regarded Hi steadily. He mused.

  “The further I go with this the more I am
convinced that your mind is twisted some-
where. But if it is your intention to try
and escape through the Pit with the ship
you are warped worse than I realize. There
will be a heavy guard. And if you fail
to do what you have promised, you will be
the first subject of a new line of research,
which may be—very—painful!”

  “Bring ’em in!” Hi repeated.

  The Aegeida was brought. Through her
ports, flushed pink by the throbbing lights,
could be seen strained faces. Plutonians,
negligently dangling their maces, rode
a&tride the hull or walked along. Then, as
the Plutonians and the renegade Bilks left
the ship occupied only by the sacrifices,
heavy heat weapons were trained on the
hull. Should the hapless passengers at-
tempt to move away under their own power
they could be instantly reduced to cinders.

  “The girl,” Hi turned to Fernon. “Bring
her out as you promised me.”

  “The female remains,” Fernon replied
without change of expression or intonation.
“We have need of her soul substance now.
But if you succeed you shall have your
choice of all the females in the solar sys-
tem.”

   Fernon’s refusal, half expected, filled Hi
with elation, for it simplified one phase of
his plan considerably, but he was careful
not to show it. Instead he affected resent-
ment.

  “All right!” he barked, “you go back on
your agreement and I won’t carry on with
mine.”

  “The research I have in mind,” Fernon
rumbled, “is like this. We think that per-
haps your soul substance is in the bones.
We will therefore remove all the bones in
your body, being careful not to let you die,
and note the changes, if any. We will know
then. . .
200

WONDER STORIES

  “All right! All right!” Hi shouted, and
the sick look on his face was not acting.
“Here goes!”

  He pulled a lever, and the astonishing
collection of electrical misfits he had con-
structed collapsed upon itself. The col-
lapse had the appearance of haphazardness.
But two massive bars of copper, connected
to the five-inch cable that writhed over the
floor like a monstrous serpent, fell straight
toward the Beam. Two of the guards saw
them toppling and dashed forward to seize
them. They vanished in an arc of blinding
light and searing heat. The bars continued
their fall, carrying the arc with them. It
enveloped the quadrant, and in a few sec-
onds the metal began to drip on the floor.

  Hi dashed through a pair of Plutonian
legs, scratching his face on wiry hairs so
that it bled. He was through the guard
line, clambering through the understructure
of the great weapon. A sentry saw him
through a billowing cloud of red tinted
smoke, but Hi dashed into a maze of rods
and levers where the black giant could not
reach him. Neither could the heat rays be
directed into that delicately constructed
heart of calamity.

  The arc flared out. Someone had pulled
the switch at the wall panel. The Pluton-
ians as well as Hi were blinded, but as one
of the former lurched against the delicately
balanced triangle Hi realized that the quad-
rant had been burned off. He crawled to
one of the sides, heaved mightily, and slow-
ly, very slowly, the tremendous mass,
weighing many tons, turned on its bear-
ings.

A GUARD noticed it, leaped upon the
rising side to bear it down. Another
one also leaped. Immediately the triangle
tipped the other way, gathering momentum.
Before the bewildered guards could collect
themselves the triangle had turned clear
around, and the dangerous side of the bars
was turned directly to the center of the plan-
et. Someone attempted to start the *con^
trolling motor, but the connecting links
were warped by the heat, and the only effect
was to wedge the triangle in its dangerous
position.

  Hi burrowed deeper into the strange
mechanism in the base of the great weapon.
He took frightful chances, crawling through
massive coils that might be charged with
electricity, squeezing between the teeth of
enormous cogs. The Plutonians were still
probing for him from above when Hi crawl-
ed out below, almost under their feet, and
very cautiously looked around.

  He saw the Aegeida, still under vigilant
guard, the strained faces of the sacrifices
at the ports. And on the floor was the body
of Fernon, his head split straight between
the knobs by a mace. The young Pluton-
ian had managed to break the ligament,
however, and make his escape.

  Hi had vainly been looking for a way to
actuate the great beam, knowing that the dis-
tortion or reversal of Pluto’s gravity would
make the entire planet fly to pieces of its
own centrifugal force. Now he noticed an
inconspicuous kiosk about thirty feet away.
The patent jealousy with which it was guard-
ed by two of the Plutonians indicated its
real importance, especially when the pre-
carious position of the triangle was con-
sidered.

  “Now all I have to do is get rid of those
two fellows,” Hi thought, grinning a little.
His eyes narrowed speculatively, for he had
noticed Fernon’s ray weapon still hanging
at his belt. In order to reach the body he
had to cross a well lighted space. Once,
he might make it, but back again—well—

  But he did not have to make it back. One
of the dead scientist’s capes had flopped
awkwardly over one side of the body. Under
its sheltering obscurity Hi crawled, stifling
his disgust as he felt the sticky, hot blood.
He dragged Fernon’s heat ray with him,
found a rent in the leathery covering and
looked out.

  The Plutonians were still looking for
him under the frame of the Beam. Per-
haps they thought him mangled and dead
beneath there. And the two guards still
kept close watch over a wheel—it looked
like an ancient water ship’s wheel—in the
kiosk.

  Hi set the localizer on the ray, which
would concentrate it in a narrow beam,
sighted on the nearer of the two guards.
THE PLANET OF DESPAIR

201

That one dropped silently, and the other
died a second later. Like a flash Hi bound-
ed across the floor. He had difficulty reach-
ing the control wheel, but reach it he did,
before any of the other Plutonians were
aware of what had happened—spun the
wheel frantically.

  Immediately he was conscious of a feel-
ing of weightlessness. Almost instantly
came the pangs of suffocation, and the bite
of cold. Hi realized that Pluto was indeed
flying to pieces. By some chance, possi-
bly because only the rock directly below
them was in the path of the spreading Beam,
the part of Pluto’s crust that held the pit
ar:d adjacent territory, had broken away in
one piece. Nevertheless, it did not have
sufficient mass to hold an atmosphere, and
their air was rushing out into space.

  The crimson lights still pulsed with diabo-
lical life, indicating that they were still con-
nected with the great thermocouples. But
at any moment that connection might be
broken. The Beam would lose its power,
and the fragments of Pluto would crash
together again. Well, it was certain that
none of its inimical life would survive that
crash!

  Hi lay gasping on the floor of the kiosk.
He wondered numbly why none of the
guards came, until he realized that they
too, were distressed by the lack of air. Then
he saw something bending over him—some-
thing monstrous, but he could not focus
his bloodshot eyes. Slim strong hands
grasped him. He realized that the mon-
strous thing was someone in a space suit,
the air-tight, helmeted dress for moving
about in airless space. He was being
floated—for gravity was so slight—toward
the airlock of the Aegeida.

  A Plutonian bounded toward them, arms
moving ineffectually in the rarefied air. He
passed, not seeming to notice them. Other
bodies lay on the floor, but barely touch-
ing. From jjone of these huddled lumps a
hand shot out—a human hand, though
coarfee and bestial looking. The renegade

Bilks seized the figure in the space suit by
the ankle and attempted to trip it. But his
hand slipped, and he lay there, chest heav-
ing convulsively in the torment of air hun-
ger, his mouth open and gasping like a fish
out of water.

  Hi was conscious of being pulled into the
airlock, of the dull thud of a closing door,
of a rush of glorious air. After a few min-
utes he was able to sit up. The bloody
light still streamed through the ports. Hi
saw that > his rescuer was Cinda Mara, as
he had thought.

  “That fellow Bilks—” she tried to hide
her tremulous reaction by assuming a mat-
ter-of-fact air— “He wanted my space
suit. I dropped him a spare before closing
the lock.”

  “And lucky for him if his oxygen plays
out before our patrol picks him up!” Hi
Buckram growled. “What I’d give to climb
into a uniform now! I sure don’t feel
natural as Tycho Larus!”

  “Hi, can you navigate the ship alone?”

  “I can wiggle her out of this pit before
something happens, and start her for home,”
Hi agreed, getting to his feet.

  Four weeks later the black ship of sac-
rifice was sighted by a swift cruiser of the
Interplanetary Flying Patrol. Hi let her
commander in through the airlock, blushed
as the officer’s secretly amused glance took
in the soiled robe on the figure in correct
military salute.

  “Corporal Buckram, sir!” Hi reported
stiffly. “A little volunteer duty while on
leave.”

  “Well, Corporal,” drawled the command-
er, “suppose you stand at ease and tell me
a little more about this. If our astrono-
mers really told the truth then I’d say
you’ll be sporting a commission for what-
ever you did to those devils. By the way,”
he added in a lower, confidential tone, “who
was that in here just a minute ago?”

  “Oh that, sir? That was an angel,” Hi
grinned.

THE END
Flame

 Paul>

We entered the city. My companion was in a veritable rhapsody
of delight when he beheld the enormous buildings and the people.

                                202
The City of Singing Flame

FOREWORD

WE had been friends
for a decade or more,
and I knew Giles Angarth
as well as anyone could purport to know
him. Yet the thing was no less a mystery
to me than to others at the time; and it is
still a mystery.

  Sometimes I think
that he and Ebbonly
had designed it all be-
tween them as a huge,
insoluble hoax; that
they are still alive
somewhere, and are
laughing at the world
that has been so sorely
baffled by their disap-
pearance. And some-
times I make tentative
plans to re-visit Crater
Ridge and find if I can
the two boulders men-
tioned in Angarth’s
narrative as having a
vague resemblance to
broken-down columns.

  In the meantime no
one has uncovered any
trace of the missing
men or has heard even
t h e faintest rumor
concerning them; and
the whole affair, it
would seem, is likely
to remain a most sing-
ular and exasperating
riddle.

  Angarth, whose fame
as a writer of fantastic
fiction will probably
outlive that of most
other modern maga-
zine contributors, had been spending the
summer among the Sierras, and had been
living alone till the artist Felix Ebbonly
v/ent to visit him. Ebbonly, whom I had
never met, was well known for his imagina-
tive paintings and drawings; and he had
illustrated more than one of Angarth’s nov-

            els. When neighboring
campers became alarmed
over the prolonged absence
of the two men and the cab-
in was searched for some possible clue, a
package addressed to me was found lying
on the table; and I received it in due course
of time, after reading many newspaper
speculations regarding
the double vanishment.
The package contained
a small, leather-bound
notebook. Angarth
had written on the fly-
leaf:

                       Dear Hastane:

                      You can publish
                    this journal some-
                    timey if you like.
                    People will think it
                    the last and wildest
                    of all my fictions—
                    unless they take it
                    for one of your own.
                    In either case, it will
                    be just as well.
                    Good-bye.

                            Faithfully,

                            Giles Angarth.
                     I am now publish-
                     ing the journal, which
                     will doubtless meet the
                     reception he predict-
                     ed. But I am not so
                     certain myself, as to
                     whether the tale is
                     truth or fabrication.
                     The only way to make
                     sure will be to locate
                     the two boulders; and
                     anyone who has ever
                     seen Crater Ridge, and
                     has wandered over its
                     miles of rock-strewn desolation, will realize

 the difficulties of such a task.

* 4 * *

The Journal

 July 31st, 1930. I have never acquired
 the diary-keeping habit—mainly, because of

By the Author of

“Marooned in Andromeda ’
“An Adventure in Futurity”

'T'HE purpose, at least one\*.
\ * of the great purposes [
of science fiction, is to
show in thrilling stories the
infinity of possible worlds.

  To us, our own world seems
  not only normal but inevi-
  table, and we come to be-
  lieve that all existence must
  be somehow only variations
  of what we know.

    Occasionally a master of
  words, possessed of a tre-
  mendous imagination, does
  give us a glimpse into other
  possible worlds. Poe did
  this and it brought him en-
  during fame. Clark Ashton
  Smith likewise does it, to
  the delight and wonder of
  our readers.

    He is too good an artist
  to tell us everything he saw
  in the present story. But
  he does whet our imagina-
  tion and stir us to desire to
  know more. How do these
  strange creatures live, what
  j is their history, and how do
  they think and feel? Per-
  haps he will follow this
  story by a sequel and have
  Hastane follow his friends
  to the “City of Singing
  Flame?" If he does, let us
  i hope he will return and
  record his adventures. r*

203
204

WONDER STORIES

my uneventful mode of existence, in which
there has seldom been anything to chronicle.
But the thing which happened this morn-
ing is so extravagantly strange, so remote
from mundane laws and parallels, that I feel
impelled to write it down to the best of
my understanding and ability. Also, I shall
keep an account of the possible repetition
and continuation of my experience. It will
be perfectly safe to do this, for no one who
ever reads the record will be likely to be-
lieve it.

  I had gone for a walk on Crater Ridge,
which lies a mile or less to the north of my
cabin near Summit. Though differing
markedly in its character from the usual
landscapes roundabout,
it is one of my favorite
places. It is exceptional-
ly bare and desolate, with
little more in the way of
vegetation than mountain
sun-flowers, wild currant-
bushes, and a few sturdy
wind-warped pines and
supple tamaracks.

  Geologists deny it a
volcanic origin; yet its
outcroppings of rough,
nodular stone and enor-
mous rubble-heaps have
all the air of scoriac re-
mains—at least, to my
non-scientific eye. They
look like the slag and
refuse of Cyclopean fur-
naces, poured out in pre-human years to
cool and harden into shapes of limitless
grotesquery.

  Among them are stones that suggest the
fragments of primordial bas-reliefs, or
small pre-historic idols and figurines; and
others that seem to have been graven with
lost letters of an indecipherable script. Un-
expectedly there is a little tarn lying on one
end of the long, dry Ridge—a tarn that
has never been fathomed. The hill is an
odd interlude among the granite sheets and
crags, and the fir-clothed ravines and val-
leys of this region.

  It was a clear, windless morning; and I
paused often to view the magnificent per-

spectives of varied scenery that were visible
on every hand—the titan battlements of
Castle Peak, the rude masses of Donner
Peak, with its dividing pass of hemlocks,
the remote, luminous blue of the Nevada
Mountains, and the soft green of willows
in the valley at my feet. It was an aloof,
silent world; and I heard no sound other
than the dry, crackling noise of cicadas
among the currant-bushes.

  I strolled on in a zig-zag manner for some
distance; and coming to one of the rubble-
fields with which the Ridge is interstrewn,
I began to search the ground closely, hop-
ing to find a stone that was sufficiently
quaint and grotesque in its form to be worth
keeping as a curiosity. I
had found several such in
my previous wanderings.

  Suddenly I came to a
clear space amid the rub-
ble, in which nothing
grew—a space that was
round as an artificial
ring. In the center were
two isolated boulders,
queerly alike in shape,
and lying about five feet
apart. I paused to ex-
amine them. Their sub-
stance, a dull, greenish-
grey stone, seemed to be
different from anything
else in the neighborhood;
and I conceived at once
the weird, unwarrantable
fancy that they might be the pedestals of
vanished columns, worn away by incalcul-
able years till there remained only these
sunken ends.

  Certainly the perfect roundness and uni-
formity of the boulders was peculiar; and
though I possess a smattering of geology
I could not identify their smooth, soapy
material.

  My imagination was excited, and I began
to indulge in some rather overheated fan-
tasies. But the wildest of these was a home-
ly commonplace in comparison with the
thing that happened when I took a single
step forward in the vacant space immediate-
ly between the two boulders. I shall try

                     a-

CLARK ASHTON SMITH
THE CITY OF SINGING FLAME

205

to describe it to the utmost of my verbal
ability; though human language is natural-
ly wanting in words that are adequate for
the delineation of events and sensations be-
yond the normal scope of human experi-
ence.

  Nothing is more disconcerting than to
miscalculate the degree of descent in taking
a step. Imagine then what it was like to
step forward on level, open ground, and
fiiid utter nothingness underfoot! I seemed
to be going down into an empty gulf, and
at the same time the landscape before me
vanished in a swirl of broken images and
everything went blind. There was a feeling
of intense, hyperborean cold; and an inde-
scribable sickness and vertigo possessed me,
due, no doubt, to the profound disturbance
of equilibrium. Also—either from the
speed of my descent or for some other
reason,—I was totally unable to draw
breath.

  My thoughts and feelings were unutter-
ably confused, and half the time it seemed
to me that I was falling upward rather than
downward, or1 was sliding horizontally or
at some oblique angle. At last I had the
sensation of turning a complete somersault;
ar.d then I found myself standing erect on
solid ground once more, without the least
shock or jar of impact. The darkness clear-
ed away from my vision, but I was still
dizzy, and the optical images I received
were altogether meaningless for some mo-
ments.

A Plunge Into Nothingness

WfEN finally I recovered the power of

cognizance, and was able to view my
surroundings with a measure of perception,
I experienced a mental confusion equivalent
to that of a man who might find himself
cast without warning on the shore of some
fcreign planet. There was the same sense
of utter loss and alienation which would
assuredly be felt in such a case—the same
vertiginous, overwhelming bewilderment,
the same ghastly sense of separation from
all the familiar environmental details that
give color and form and definition to our

lives and even determine our very personal-
ities.

  I was standing in the midst of a land-
scape which bore no degree or manner of
resemblance to Crater Ridge. A long, grad-
ual slope, covered with violet grass and
studded at intervals with stones of mono-
lithic size and shape, ran undulantly away
beneath me to a broad plain with sinuous,
open meadows and high, stately forests of
an unknown vegetation whose pre-dominant
hues were purple and yellow. The plain
seemed to end in a wall of impenetrable
golden-brownish mist, that rose with phan-
tom pinnacles to dissolve on a sky of lum-
inescent amber in which there was no sun.

  In the foreground of this amazing scene,
not more than two or three miles away,
there loomed a city whose massive towers
and mountainous ramparts of red stone
were such as the Anakim of undiscovered
worlds might build. Wall on beetling wall,
and spire on giant spire, it soared to con-
front the heavens, maintaining everywhere
the severe and solemn lines of a rectilinear
architecture. It seemed to overwhelm and
crush down the beholder with its stern and
crag-like imminence.

  As I viewed this city, I forgot my initial
sense of bewildering loss and alienage, in
an awe with which something of actual ter-
ror was mingled; and, at the same time, I
felt an obscure but profound allurement,
the cryptic emanation of some enslaving
spell. But after I had gazed awhile, the
cosmic strangeness and bafflement of my
unthinkable position returned upon me; and
I felt only a wild desire to escape from the
maddeningly oppressive bizarrerie of this
region and regain my own world. In an
effort to fight down my agitation, I tried
tv* figure out, if possible, what had really
happened.

  I had read a number of trans-dimensional
stories—in fact, I had written one or two
myself; and I had often pondered the pos-
sibility of other worlds or material planes
which may co-exist in the same space with
ours, invisible and impalpable to human
senses. Of course, I realized at once that
I had fallen into some such dimension.
Doubtless, when I took that step forward
206

WONDER STORIES

between the boulders, I had been precipi-
tated into some sort of flaw or fissure in
space, to emerge at the bottom in this alien
sphere—in a totally different kind of space.
It sounded simple enough in a way—but
not simple enough to make the modus oper-
andi anything but a brain-racking mystery.

  In a further effort to collect myself, I
studied my immediate surroundings with a
close attention. This time, I wras impressed
by the arrangement of the monolithic stones
I have spoken of, many of which were dis-
posed at fairly regular intervals in two
parallel lines running down the hill, as if
to mark the course of some ancient road
obliterated by the purple grass.

  Turning to follow its ascent, I saw right
behind me two columns, standing at pre-
cisely the same distance apart as the two
odd boulders on Crater Ridge, and formed
of the same soapy, greenish-gray stone! The
pillars were perhaps nine feet high, and
had been taller at one time, since the tops
were splintered and broken away. Not far
above them, the mounting slope vanished
from view in a great bank of the same gol-
den-brown mist that enveloped the remoter
plain. But there were no more monoliths
—and it seemed as if the road had ended
with those pillars.

  Inevitably I began to speculate as to the
relationship between the columns in this
new dimension and the. boulders in my own
world. Surely the resemblance could not
be a matter of mere chance. If I stepped
between the columns, could I return to the
human sphere by a reversal of my precipi-
tation therefrom? And if so, by what in-
conceivable beings from foreign time and
space had the columns and boulders been
established as the portals of a gateway be-
tween two worlds? Who could have used
the gateway, and for what purpose?

  My brain reeled before the infinite vistas
of surmise that were opened by such ques-
tions.

HOWEVER, what concerned me most
was the problem of getting back to
Crater Ridge. The weirdness of it all, the
monstrous walls of the nearby town, the un-
natural hues and forms of the outlandish

scenery, were too much for human nerves;
and I felt that I should go mad if forced
to remain long in such a milieu. Also,
there wa$ no telling what hostile powers or
entities I might encounter if I stayed.

  The slope and plain were devoid of ani-
mate life, as far as I could see; but the
great city was presumptive proof of its ex-
istence. Unlike the heroes in my own tales,
who were wont to visit the fifth dimension or
the worlds of Algol with perfect sang-froid,
I did not feel in the least adventurous; and
I shrank back with man’s instinctive recoil
before the unknown. With one fearful
glance at the looming city and the wide
plain with its lofty, gorgeous vegetation,
I turned and stepped back between the col-
umns.

  There was the same instantaneous plunge
into blind and freezing gulfs, the same inde-
terminate falling and twisting, that had
marked my descent into this new dimension.
At the end I found myself standing, very
dizzy and shaken, on the same spot from
which I had taken my forward step between
the greenish-grey boulders. Crater Ridge
was swirling and reeling about me as if in
the throes of earthquake; and I had to sit
down for a minute or two before I could
recover my equilibrium.

  I came back to the cabin like a man in a
dream. The experience seemed, and still
seems, incredible and unreal; and yet it
has overshadowed everything else, and has
colored and dominated all my thoughts. Per-
haps by writing it down I can shake it off
a little. It has unsettled me more than any
previous experience in my whole life; and
the world about me seems hardly less im-
probable and nightmarish than the one that
I have penetrated in a fashion so fortuitous.

  Aug. 2nd. I have done a lot of think-
ing in the past few days—and the more I
ponder and puzzle, the more mysterious it
all becomes. Granting the flaw in space,
which must be an absolute vacuum, imperv-
ious to air, ether, light and matter, how was
it possible for me to fall into it? And
having fallen in, how could I fall out—par-
ticularly into a sphere that has no certi-
fiable relationship with ours?

  But, after all, one process would be as
THE CITY OF SINGING FLAME

207

easy as the other, in theory. The main ob-
jection is, how could one move in a vacuum,
either up or down or backward or for-
ward? The whole thing would baffle the
comprehension of an Einstein; and I do not
feel that I have even approached the true
sclution.

  Also, I have been fighting the temptation
to go back, if only to convince myself that
the thing really occurred. But, after all,
why shouldn’t I go back? An opportunity
has been vouchsafed to me such as no man
may ever have been given before; and the
wonders I shall see and the secrets I shall
learn are beyond imagining. My nervous
trepidation is inexcusably childish under the
circumstances.

  Aug. 3rd. I went back this morning,
armed with a revolver. Somehow, with-
out thinking that it might make a difference,
I did not step in the very middle of the
space between the boulders. Undoubtedly
as a result of this, my descent was more pro-
longed and impetuous than before, and
seemed to consist mainly of a series of
spiral somersaults. It must have taken me
minutes to recover from the ensuing ver-
tigo; and when I came to, I was lying on
the violet grass.

  This time, I went boldly down the slope;
and keeping as much as I could in the shel-
ter of that bizarre purple and yellow vege-
tation, I stole toward the looming city. All
was very still; and there was no breath of
wind in those exotic trees, which appeared
to imitate, in their lofty upright boles and
horizontal foliage, the severe architectural
lines of the Cyclopean buildings.

  I had not gone far when I came to a road
iv the forest—a road paved with stupendous
blocks of stone at least twenty feet square.
It ran toward the city. I thought for awhile
that it was wholly deserted—perhaps dis-
used; and I even dared to walk upon it, till
I heard a noise behind me and turning saw
the approach of several singular entities.
Terrified, I sprang back and hid myself in
a thicket, from which I watched the passing
of those creatures, wondering fearfully if
they had seen me. Apparently my fears
v/ere groundless, for they did not even
glance at my hiding-place.

  It is hard for me to describe or even
visualize them now, for they were totally
unlike anything that we are accustomed to
think of as human or animal. They must
have been ten feet tall, and they were mov-
ing along with colossal strides that took
them from sight in a few instants beyond a
turn of the road. Their bodies were bright
and shining, as if encased in some sort of
armor; and their heads were equipped with
high, curving appendages of opalescent
hues which nodded above them like fan-
tastic plumes, but may have been antennae
or other sense-organs of a novel type.

  Trembling with excitement and wonder,
I continued my progress through the richly-
colored undergrowth. As I went on, I per-
ceived for the first time that there were no
shadows anywhere. The light came from all
portions of the sunless amber heaven, per-
vading everything with a soft, uniform
luminosity.

  All was motionless and silent, as I have
said before; and there was no evidence of
bird, insect or animal life in all this pre-
ternatural landscape. But when I had ad-
vanced to within a mile of the city (as well
as I could judge the distance in a realm
where the very proportions of objects were
unfamiliar) I became aware of something
which at first was recognizable as a vibra-
tion rather than a sound.

  There was a queer thrilling in my nerves,
the disquieting sense of some unknown
force or emanation flowing through my
body. This was perceptible for some time
before I heard the music; but having heard
it, my auditory nerves identified it at once
with the vibration.

  It was faint and far-off, and seemed to
emanate from the very heart of the titan
city. The melody was piercingly sweet,
and resembled at times the singing of some
voluptuous feminine voice. However, no
human voice could have possessed the un-
earthly pitch, the shrill, perpetually sus-
tained notes that somehow suggested the
light of remote worlds and stars translated
into sound.

  Ordinarily I am not very sensitive to
music; I have even been reproached for not
reacting more strongly to it. But I had
208

WONDER STORIES

not gone much further when I realized the
peculiar mental and emotional spell which
the far-off sound was beginning to exert
upon me. There was a siren-like allurement
which drew me on forgetful of the strange-
ness and potential perils of my situation;
and I felt a slow, drug-like intoxication of
brain and senses. In some insidious man-
ner, I know not how nor why, the music
conveyed the ideas of vast but attainable
space and altitude, of superhuman freedom
and exultation; and it seemed to promise
all the impossible splendors of which my
imagination has vaguely dreamt;

An Amazing World

THE forest continued almost to the city
walls. Peering from behind the final
boscage, I saw their overwhelming battle-
ments in the sky above me, and noted the
flawless jointure of their prodigious blocks.
I was near the great road, which entered an
open gate that was large enough to admit
the passage of behemoths. There were no
guards in sight; and several more of the
tall, gleaming entities came striding along
and went in as I watched. From where I
stood, I was unable to see inside the gate;
for the wall was stupendously thick. The
music poured from that mysterious entrance
in an ever-strengthening flood and sought
l> draw me on with its weird seduction,
eager for unimaginable things.

  It was hard to resist, hard to rally my
will-power and turn back. I tried to con-
centrate on the thought of danger—but the
thought was tenuously unreal. At least I
tore myself away and retraced my footsteps,
very slowly and lingeringly, till I was be-
yond reach of the music. Even then the
spell persisted, like the effects of a drug;
and all the way home I was tempted to re-
turn and follow those shining giants into
the city.

  Aug. 5th. I have visited the new dimen-
sion once more. I thought I could resist
that summoning music; and I even took
some cotton-wadding along with which to
stuff my ears if it should affect me too
strongly. I began to hear the supernal mel-
ody at the same distance as before, and was

drawn onward in the same manner. But
this time I entered the open gate!

  I wonder if I can describe that city. I
felt like a crawling ant upon its mammoth
pavements, amid the measureless Babel of
its buildings, of its streets and arcades.
Everywhere there were columns, obelisks,
and the perpendicular pylons of fane-like
structures that would have dwarfed those
of Thebes and Heliopolis.

  And the people of the city! How is one
to depict them or give them a name! I
think that the gleaming entities I first saw
are not the true inhabitants, but are only
visitors—perhaps from some other world
Of dimension, like myself. The real peo-
ple are giants too; but they move slowly,
with solemn, hieratic paces. Their bodies
are nude and swart and their limbs are those
of caryatides,—massive enough, it would
seem, to uphold the roofs and lintels of their
own buildings. I fear to describe them
minutely: for human words would give the
idea of something monstrous and uncouth;
and these beings are not monstrous but
have merely developed in obedience to the
laws of another evolution than ours, the en-
vironmental forces and conditions of a dif-
ferent world.

  Somehow, I was not afraid when I saw
them—perhaps the music had drugged me
till I was beyond fear. There was a group
of them just ^inside the gate; and they
seemed to pay me no attention whatever as
I passed them. The opaque, jet-like orbs
of their huge eyes were impassive as the
carven eyes of andro-sphinxes; ^nd they
uttered no sound from their heavy, straight,
expressionless lips, perhaps they lack the
sense of hearing; for their strange, semi-
rectangular heads were devoid of anything
in the nature of external ears.

  I followed the music, which was still re-
mote and seemed to increase little in loud-
ness. I was soon overtaken by several of
those beings whom I had previously seen
on the road outside the walls; and they
passed me quickly and disappeared in the
labyrinth of buildings. After them there
came other beings of a less gigantic kind,
and without the bright shards or armor
worn by the first-comers. Then, overhead,
THE CITY OF SINGING FLAME

209

two creatures with long, translucent, blood-
colored wings, intricately veined and ribbed,
came flying side by side and vanished be-
hind the others. Their faces, featured with
organs of unsurmisable use, were not those
of animals; and I felt sure that they were
beings of a high orders of development.

  I saw hundreds of those slow-moving,
somber entities whom I have identified as
the true inhabitants. None of them ap-
peared to notice me. Doubtless they were
accustomed to seeing far weirder and more
unusual kinds of life than humanity. As
I went on, I was overtaken by dozens of
improbable-looking creatures, all going in
the same direction as myself, as if drawn
by the same siren melody.

DEEPER and deeper I went into the
wilderness of colossal architecture, led
by that remote, ethereal, opiate music. I
soon noticed a sort of gradual ebb and
flow in the sound, occupying an interval
of ten minutes or more; but by impercept-
ible degrees it grew sweeter and nearer. I
wondered how it could penetrate that man-
ifold maze of builded stone and be heard
outside the walls.

  I must have walked for miles, in the
ceaseless gloom of those rectangular struc-
ture that hung above me, tier on tier, at an
awful height in the amber zenith. Then, at
length, I came to the core and secret of it
all. Preceded and followed by a number of
those chimerical entities, I emerged on a
great square in whose center was a temple-
like building more immense than the others.
The music poured, imperiously shrill and
loud, from its many-columned entrance.

  I felt the thrill of one who approaches
the sanctum of some hierarchal mystery,
when I entered the halls of that building.
People who must have come from many
different worlds or dimensions, went with
me and before me along the titanic colon-
nades whose pillars were graven with in-
decipherable runes and enigmatic bas-
reliefs.

  Also, the dark, colossal inhabitants of
the town were standing or roaming about,
intent, like all the others, on their own af-
fairs. None of these beings spoke, either

to me or to one another; and though sev-
eral eyed me casually, my presence was evi-
dently taken for granted.

  There are no words to convey the incom-
prehensible wonder of it ail. And the
music? I have utterly failed to describe
that, also. It was as if some marvellous
elixir had been turned into sound-waves—
an elixir conferring the gift of superhuman
life, and the high, magnificent dreams
which are dreamt by the immortals. It
mounted in my brain like a supernal drun-
kenness as I approached the hidden source.

  I do not know what obscure warning
prompted me now to stuff my ears with
cotton before I went any further. Though
J could still hear it, still feel its peculiar,
penetrant vibration, the sound became mut-
ed when I had done this; and its influence
was less powerful henceforward. There is
little doubt that I owe my life to this sim-
ple and homely precaution.

  The endless rows of columns grew dim
for awhile as the interior of a long basaltic
cavern; and then, at some distance ahead, I
perceived the glimmering of a soft light on
the floor and pillars. The light soon be-
came an overflooding radiance, as if gi-
gantic lamps were being lit in the temple’s
heart; and the vibrations of the hidden
music pulsed more strongly in my nerves.

  The hall ended in a chamber of immense,
indefinite scope, whose walls and roof were
doubtful with unremoving shadows. In the
center, amid the pavement of mammoth
blocks, there was a circular pit above which
there seemed to float a fountain of flame
that soared in one perpetual, slowly length-
ening jet. This flame was the sole illumin-
ation ; and also it was the source of the wild,
unearthly music. Even with my purposely
deafened ears, I was wooed by the shrill,
and starry sweetness of its singing; and I
felt the voluptuous lure and the high, verti-
ginous exaltation.

  I knew immediately that the place was a
shrine, and that the trans-dimensional beings
who accompanied me were visiting pilgrims.
There were scores of them—perhaps hun-
dreds; but all were dwarfed in the cosmic
immensity of that chamber. They were
gathered before the flame in various attitudes
210

WONDER STORIES

of worship; they bowed their exotic heads
or made mysterious gestures of adoration
with unhuman hands and members. And the
voices of several, deep as booming drums,
or sharp as the stridulation of giant insects,
were audible amid the singing of the foun-
tain.

  Spell-bound, I went forward and poined
them. Enthralled by the music and by the
vision of the soaring flame, I paid as little
heed to my outlandish companions as they
to me.

  The fountain rose and rose, till its light
flickered on the limbs and features of thron-
ed, colossal statues behind it—of heroes or
gods or demons from the earlier cycles of
alien time, staring in stone from a dusk of
illimitable mystery. The fire was green and
dazzling, it was pure as the central flame
of a star; it blinded me, and when I turned
my eyes away, the air was filled with webs
of intricate color, with swiftly changing
arabesques whose numberless, unwonted
hues and patterns were such as no mundane
eye had ever beheld. I felt a stimulating
warmth that filled my very marrow with
intenser life.

The Lure of the Flame

THE music mounted with the flame;
and I understood now its recurrent ebb
and flow. As I looked and listened, a mad
thought was born in my mind—the thought
of how marvellous and ecstatical it would
be to run forward and leap headlong into
the singing fire. The music seemed to tell
me that I should find in that moment of
flaring dissolution all the delight and tri-
umph, all the splendor and exaltation it
had promised from afar. It besought me,
it pleaded with tones of supernal melody;
and despite the wadding in my ears, the
seduction was well-nigh irresistible.

  However, it had not robbed me of all
sanity. With a sudden start of terror, like
one who has been tempted to fling himself
from a high precipice, I drew back. Then
I saw that the same dreadful impulse was
shared by some of my companions. The
two entities with scarlet wings, whom I
have previously mentioned, were standing

a little apart from the rest of us. Now, with
a great fluttering, they rose and flew to-
ward the flame like moths toward a can-
dle. For a brief moment the light shone
redly through their half-transparent wings,
ere they disappeared in the leaping incan-
descence, which flared briefly and then
burned as before.

  Then, in rapid succession, a number of
other beings who represented the most di-
vergent trends of biology, sprang forward
and immolated themselves in the flame.
There were creatures with translucent bod-
ies, and some that shone with all the hues
of the opal; there were winged colossi, and
titans who strode as with seven-league
boots; and there was one being with use-
less, abortive wings, who crawled rather than
ran, to seek the same glorious doom as the
rest. But among them there were none of
the city’s people: these merely stood and
looked on, impassive and statue-like as
ever.

  I saw that the fountain had now reached
it’ greatest height and was beginning to
decline. It sank steadily but slowly to half
it2 former elevation. During this interval
there were no more acts of self-sacrifice;
and several of the beings beside me turned
abruptly and went away, as if they had
overcome the lethal spell.

  One of the tall, armored entities, as he
left, addressed me in words that were like
clarion-notes, with unmistakable accents
of warning. By a mighty effort of will,
in a turmoil of conflicting emotions, I fol-
lowed him. At every step the madness and
delirium of the music warred with my in-
stincts of self-preservation. More than once
I started to go back. My homeward jour-
ney was blurred and doubtful as the wan-
derings of a man in an opium-trance; and
the music sang behind me and told me of
the rapture I had missed, of the flaming
dissolution whose brief instant was better
than aeons of mortal life.

  Aug. 9th. I have tried to go on with a
new story, but have made no progress. Any-
thing that I can imagine, or frame in lan-
guage, seems flat and puerile beside the
world of unsearchable mystery to which I
have found admission. The temptation to
THE CITY OF SINGING FLAME	211

return is more cogent than ever, the call
of that remembered music is sweeter than
the voice of a loved woman. And aiways
I am tormented by the problem of it all,
and tantalized by the little which I have
perceived and understood. What forces are
these whose existence and working I have
merely apprehended? Who are the inhab-
itants of the city? And who are the beings
that visit the enshrined flame? What ru-
mor or legend has drawn them from out-
land realms and ulterior planets to that
place of blissful danger and destruction?
And what is the fountain itself, and what
the secret of its lure and its deadly singing?
These problems admit of infinite surmise,
but no conceivable solution.

  I am planning to go back once more—
but not alone. Someone must go with me
this time, as a witness to the wonder and
the peril. It is all too strange for credence
—I must have human corroboration of what
I have seen and felt and conjectured. Also,
another might understand where I have
failed to do more than apprehend.

  Who shall I take? It will be necessary
to invite someone here from the outer
world—someone of high intellectual and
aesthetic capacity. Shall I ask Philip
Hastane, my fellow fiction-writer? Hastane
would be too busy, I fear. But there is the
Californian artist, Felix Ebbonly, who has
illustrated some of my fantastic novels.

  Ebbonly would be the man to see and
appreciate the new dimension, if he can
come. With his bent for the bizarre and
the unearthly, the spectacle of that plain
and city, the Babelian buildings and ar-
cades, and the temple of the flame, will
simply enthrall him. I shall write immed-
iately to his San Francisco address.

  Aug. 12th. Ebbonly is here—the myster-
ious hints in my letter regarding some novel
pictorial subjects along his own line, were
too provocative ior him to resist. Now I
have explained full and have given him a
detailed account of my adventures. I can
see that he is a little incredulous, for which
I hardly blame him. But he will not re-
main incredulous very long, for tomorrow
we shall visit together the city of the sing-
ing flame.

  Aug. 13th. I must concentrate my disor-
dered faculties, I must choose my words
and write with exceeding care. This will
be the last entry in my journal, and the
last writing I shall ever do. When I have
finished, I shall wrap the journal up and
address it to Philip Hastane, who can make
such disposition of it as he sees fit.

  I took Ebbonly into the other dimension
today. He was impressed, even as I had
been, by the two isolated boulders on Crater
Ridge.

   “They look like the guttered ends of col-
umns established by pre-human gods,” he
remarked. “I begin to believe you now.”

   I told him to go first, and indicated the
‘ place where he should step. He obeyed
without hesitation, and I had the singular
experience of seeing a man melt into utter,
instantaneous nothingness. One moment he
was there—and the next, there was only
bare ground and the far-off tamaracks whose
view his body had obstructed. I followed,
and found him standing in speechless awe.
on the violet grass.

   “This,” he said at last, “is the sort of
thing whose existence I have hitherto mere-
ly suspected, and have never even been able
to hint in my most imaginative drawings.”

WE spoke little as we followed the
range of monolithic boulders toward
the plain. Far in the distance, beyond those
high and stately trees with their sumptuous
foliage, the golden-brown vapors had part-
ed, showing vistas of an immense horizon;
and past the horizon were range on range of
gleaming orbs and fiery, flying motes in
the depth of that amber heaven. It was as
if the veil of another universe than ours had
been drawn back.

   We crossed the plain, and came at length
within ear-shot of the siren music. I warned
Ebbonly to stuff his ears with cotton-wad-
ding; but he refused.

  “I don’t want to deaden any new sensa-
tions which I may experience,” he observ-
ed.

  We entered the city. My companion was
in a veritable rhapsody of artistic delight
when he beheld the enormous buildings and
the people. I could see, too, that the music
212

WONDER STORIES

had taken hold upon him: his look soon
became fixed and dreamy as that of an
opium-eater. At first he made many com-
ments on the architecture and the various
beings who passed us, and called my atten-
tion to details which I had not perceived
heretofore.

  However, as we drew nearer to the tem-
ple of the flame, his observational interest
seemed to flag, and was replaced by more
and more of an ecstatic inward absorption.
His remarks became fewer and briefer; and
he did not even seem to hear my questions.
It was evident that the sound had wholly
bemused and bewitched him.

  Even as on my former visit, there were
many pilgrims going toward the shrine—-
ar.d few that were coming away from it.
Most of them belonged to evolutionary types
that I had seen before. Among those that
were new to me, I recall one gorgeous crea-
ture with golden and cerulean wings like
those of a giant lepidopter and scintillating,
jcwel-like eyes that must have been de-
signed to mirror the glories of some Edenic
world.

  I too felt, as before, the captious tlirall-
dom and bewitchment, the insidious, grad-
ual perversion of thought and instinct, as
if the music were working in my brain like
a subtle alkaloid. Since I had taken my
usual precaution, my subjection to the in-
fluence was less complete than that of Eb-
bonly; but nevertheless it was enough to
make me forget a number of things —
among them, the initial concern which I
had felt when my companion refused to
employ the same mode of protection as
myself. I no longer thought of his danger
or my own, except as something very dis-
tant and immaterial.

  The streets were like the prolonged and
bewildering labyrinth of a nightmare. But
the music led us forthrightly; and always
there were other pilgrims. Like men in the
giip of some powerful current, we were
drawn to our destination.

  As we passed along the hall of gigantic
columns and neared the abode of the fiery
fountain, a sense of our peril quickened
momentarily in my brain, and I sought to
warn Ebbonly once more. But all my pro-

tests and remonstrances were futile: he was
deaf as a machine, and wholly impervious
to anything but the lethal music. His ex-
pression and his movements were those of
a somnambulist. Even when I seized and
shook him with such violence as I could
muster, he remained oblivious of my pre-
sence.

  The throng of worshippers was larger
than upon my first visit. The jet of pure,
incandescent flame was mounting steadily
as we entered, and it sang with the pure
aidor and ecstacy of a star alone in space.
Again, with ineffable tones, it told me the
rapture of a moth-like death in its lofty
soaring, the exultation and triumph of a
momentary union with its elemental essence.

  The flame rose to its apex; and even for
me, the mesmeric lure was well-night irre-
sistible. Many of our companions suc-
cumbed; and the first to immolate himself
was the giant lepidopterous being. Four
others, of diverse evolutional types, follow-
ed in appallingly swift succession.

  In my own partial subjection to the music,
my own effort to resist that deadly enslave-
ment, I had almost forgotten the very pre-
sence of Ebbonly. It was too late for me to
even think of stopping him, when he ran
forward in a series of leaps that were both
solemn and frenzied, like the beginning of
some sacerdotal dance, and hurled himself
headlong into the flame. The fire envel-
oped him, it flared up for an instant with
a more dazzling greenness; and that was
all.

  Slowly, as if from benumbed brain-cen-
ters, a horror crept upon my conscious mind,
and helped to annul the perilous mesmer-
ism. I turned, while many others were fol-
lowing Ebbonly’s example, and fled from
the shrine and from the city. But somehow
the horror diminished as I went; and more
and more I found myself envying my com-
panion’s fate, and wondering as to the sen-
sations he had felt in that moment of fiery
dissolution ....

  Now, as I write this, I am wondering why
I came back again to the human world.
Words are futile to express what I have be-
held and experienced, and the change that
has come upon me beneath the play of in-
WONDER STORIES

213

calculable forces in a world of which no
other mortal is even cognizant.

  Literature is nothing more than the shad-
ow; and life, with its drawn-out length of
monotonous, reiterative days, is unreal and
without meaning now in comparison with
the splendid death which I might have had

—the glorious doom which is still in store.
T have no longer any will to fight the ever-
insistent music which I hear in memory.
And—there seems to be no reason at all why
I should fight it out. Tomorrow I shall re-
turn to the city.

THE END.

  FOR THE AUGUST ISSUE ^

we offer

‘‘Venus, Incorporated”
by Nathan Schachner and Arthur L. Zagat

our popular team of authors have provided us now with a thrilling account of

an exploit in interplanetary space, that is marvelous for its daring and imagin-
ation. With stark realism, they have portrayed a race through the infinite
spaces, with the fate of planets as the prizfe. And when speed itself fails them,
amazing strategy is used by our lone heroes to outwit a superior force.

“The World Within”
by Benson Herbert

sequel to his mysterious and thrilling “World Without” carries us on with the
adventures of two men who penetrated into a world, whose vastness and weird-
ness passed beyond their conceptions. Only one of the explorers has returned,
the other still lost, perhaps forever. But our author has still more startling
surprises for us, in this fitting climax to marvelous adventures.

“Twelve Hours to Live!”
by Jack Williamson

is not only an interplentary tale with Williamson's usual vivid descriptions, his
breathless action and strange atmosphere, but also a question and a puzzle for
our readers. A problem of life or death, with twelve hours to go, confronts
us. A lonely world, a hidden, unspeakable danger, destruction .... or glorious
freedom .... Which shall it be? A prize contest for the best solutions to this
interplanetary mystery will be announced in the August issue. •

“The Time Projector”
by David Lasser and Dr. David H. Keller

comes now to its dramatic finish. We know that the world has for its guide
the most stupendous of powers, a machine to read the future! What will be
done with it? Will Henry Booth, in his hidden retreat, be able to save man
from the terrible disasters that lurk ahead for him .... or will man turn
against his benefactor? In this final installment this story mounts slowly but
powerfully to a sudden and unexpected ending.

                             And others in the
                     AUGUST 1931 WONDER STORIES
                     ON ALL NEWSSTANDS JULY I
The Red Spot of Jupiter

 By Dennis McDermott

                                                                                    (Illustration by Marchioni)

        With a wild wrench he tears free, stares wildly at the up-
        rooted plants that still writhe greedily.

                             214
THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER

215

Electromagnetic braking-discs

heated cherry-red under the strain of
slowing its awful speed, the Martian liner
swept into its berth atop the mile-high, ter-
raced city of New York.

  A carriage of polished dural shot across
the platform and van-
ished in the gaping
side of the mighty
streamlined ship lying
in the launching ways,
opposite the incoming
Martian ship.

  Dull thunder split
the air, as the great
rocket hurtled out into
the darkness, the gold-
en vapors from its tail
slowly spreading into
faint mist behind it—
out-bound, with a
Universe before it.

  A uniformed guard
tesumed his measured
pacing before the lift
entrances. Two little
trickles of humanity
entered and left the
sleeping Martian liner,
while husky attendants
in the blue of the In-
terplanetary Lines lift-
ed into their waiting
places new cylinders of
the synthetic element,
astron. Little knots
of people formed and
disrupted, little groups
held by a common in-
terest—botanists bound
for the royal floral
preserves of Laxa; en-
gineers on their way to
take their places with
those who had striven
in vain to dam the mightiest river of all
Venus, Murr, the Thunderer; students for
the universities of Laxa and Ulda; power-
men for the desert solar-plants; trippers and
tourists with scrip enough to dare the rates
of the Interplanetary Lines.

  Other lone figures there were, sun-cured

 by travel in far-flung places, wanderers of
 the planetary by-paths. With the gong, all
 was still and barren in the launching ways.
 A muffled voice raised in shouted question,
 a tardy port clanged, and with a thunderous
 drum of energy another leviathan of space
 was gone.

                 * * *

                Out beyond the
               Moon, the space-ship
               Hermes hurtles toward
               Mars and the outer
               Solar System. Courier
               of the god-named plan-
               ets, driven by the un-
               leashed energy of dis-
               integrating atoms —
               energy of astron—it
               cleaves its timeless
               path through star-lit
               emptiness. Keen eyes
               scan the space-cliarts
               for occasional meteor
               swarms, and now and
               again a rumble of jets
               and an instant’s golden
               glow in space tells of
               danger past. A few
               faces showed in the
               ports as the Moon
               swept by beneath, crat-
               ers and mighty gorges
               showing dimly in the
               coppery Earth-shine.
               Only a few watched,
               for most men know the
               Moon better than their
               own planet. Still few-
               er gaze at the spangled
               vault that for three
               years will unfold about
               them—nebulae, stellar
               giants of vivid color,
               the blazing circlet of
               the Milky Way.

   So the great interplanetary express goes
 forth in its mad rush to span space, out into
 the void where icy Neptune swims, and those
 other planets beyond—planets of the outer
 darkness. And deep in the ship’s heart is
 a little lead-walled room, lit with a never-
 dying glare of cold light, where, behind

  HF HOSE who have been\
  i ■* privileged to travel in- i
  to remote corners of the
  earth and see new forms of
  life, a seme of the wonder
  and diversity of nature has
  come with years. But the
  sights that these explorers
  have seen will be common-
  place as compared to what
  explorers to other planets
  will see. For we will have
  then the great fruitfulness
  of nature working under
  conditions entirely differ-
  ent from anything occur-
  ring on earth.

    Many readers have pos-
  sibly sneered at some of
  the descriptions of extra-
  terrestrial life that have
  appeared in our pages.
  IV8 very improbable ” they
  say, “that these monstrosi-
  ties could exist/9 But life
  itself is improbable, and
  we don’t doubt the imagin-
  ation of man is unable to
  conceive of the infinite di-
  versity of life forms that
  nature may produce.

    The present story by a
  new and promising author,
  may, if our readers like it,
  be the first of a series of
  interplanetary adventures
  involving Lem Gulliver and
  showing strange and mys-
  terious life on other worlds.
  We would be glad to get
  *\our readers9 comments•
216

WONDER STORIES

time-locked doors, a single man of Earth
sits brooding—remembering.

  He is a man of brute force and quick pas-
sion—black-browed, shaggy-maned, adher-
ing to the matted beard that, like him, has
long been outlawed by the races of the inner
planets. In the days of the first space-lines
he had been master of a grfeat new ship, had
betrayed it and fled from port to port of
space, leaving death and disorder in his
wake.

  And now he sits and thinks—of Venus,
and a woman in the gardens of Laxa, be-
neath the very eyes of the royal guards. He
thinks of Earth, and long weeks of stealthy
flight and cold terror in the lawless shad-
owland of the lower lev-
els; and of those other
rabbit-warrens of dimly
luminous corridors, deep
in the bowels of the
Moon, where little fear-
ful bands of hunted crea-
tures fought and fed,
bred and died among
slimy things that dripped
light; and of desert Mars,
with its great lanes of
green and its cities of low
red rock, buried at the
hubs whence the great riv-
ers of vegetation rise and
trickle out into the red
wastes of wind-tossed
sand. He thinks of Mars,
and capture!

  In his mind it all lives again. A crimson
shadow in a crimson land, he slips like a
wraith through deserted streets, clinging
close to the low walls, starting in terror from
open windows, the rich red blood of Earth
on his hands and his face, and its warm,
sweet-salt taste in his mouth, blood of him
who had thought him a weakling, and whom
he had broken like a twig in his two hands!
Then from a shadowed doorway a cloaked
figure steps, turns with a moment’s answered
twitter to someone hidden in the shadow,
wheels with a flare of black and scarlet—
an officer of the Martian police!

  No time, no thought for flight. He leaps,
stoops beneath the startled flurry of sword

and ray-pistol, drives straight forward with
his mighty fist—like a thunderbolt strikes
the blank white space between those gog-
gling eyes!

  Pagh! Like the shell of an egg the thing
breaks, with a little taut pop and plash of
brain as his fist bursts through, slimy and
hot, squirming brain-stuff fouling his open-
ed palm! For a long instant he struggles
to free his hand from the paper-thin skull
that clutches at his wrist and drags with’the
full weight of a falling body at his wounded
arm. Then he is free, the pale green blood
of the Martian dripping thinly from hand
and arm—watery stuff, not strong and hot
like the crimson blood of Earth.

IT is an instant too long.
A yammering shriek of
rage and frenzied hate
shatters the shielding
silence! Bright, stabbing
light splits the shadow,
blinding him. Dumbly he
clutches at his head,
where an ear has been
seared to a twisted cinder,
stands for an instant,
then ducks and drives at
the twittering form that
hurtles from the shadow
of the doorway—that
damned Martian’s wo-
man!

  With his wounded right
arm he strikes up the ray-
gun that again turns night to day. With
his left he strikes out, straight from the
shoulder, with a blow that his mighty Earth-
born muscles give the power of a lightning-
stroke. The twitter dies in a gurgling gasp,
there is a brittle snap of ribs as a soft, bulg-
ing chest caves under his great fist, and now
his right drives again, and again an egg-
shell skull shatters and pale-green brain-
stuff flows slowly down over blank, gog-
gling eyes.

  A moment he stays, to seize the ray-guns
and the short-sword, then melts into the
darkness as the street wakes into a fright-
ened clamor of timorous twittering and the
flare of ray-bursts. A few hurried seconds

DENNIS McDERMOTT
THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER

217

of a hurried life—but the hell-cat of a Mar-
tian girl has marked him!

  They caught him, that very night, as he
slunk in the shadows that fled before the
racing Martian moon that darted through the
heavens. Two fell before his fists, after they
had exploded his pistols in his hands and
fused his sword by his side, but in the
flurry of soft bodies a keen needle jabbed,
once, and again, and his strength flowed out
into the red shadows.

  Martians do not kill a criminal—oh, no—
they cure him! But the girl had been the
daughter of a high police official—damned
jade, messing about in the dark with young
police officers—and he was a man not un-
known or unwanted in other cities and on
other planets. Bad luck always came from
killing a Martian. His pal Red had said
that, many a time, in the labyrinthine Moon-
caves. No truer word had the old outlaw
ever said—he could prove it—his first Mar-
tian and his first capture, since the old days
when he was just a green, scared kid knifing
a man for his scrip in the fifth level of old
New York.

  He’d always been lucky—and now they
were sending him to Jupiter, to the little in-
nermost moon, to take his place with those
marooned, bestial outcasts of three planets
whose luck had fallen down on them when
they needed it. Haw! Luck! Gulliver’s
luck, they called it—his luck—in every rat-
hole and fox-den of the Solar System, wher-
ever his name was known! And now it had
slipped out on him, like it always did when
a guy killed a Martian.

  Gulliver’s luck! Funny, the guard had
slipped him a couple of books, kids’ books,
down the food-tube. Nothing but a kid
himself, that guard. Old books they were,
and hard to read, copied off in short-hand
on this new vellum from rotting volumes in
some library, where the fragile pages of
collodion-covered yellow paper turned slow-
ly beneath their glass cases. There were
pictures too, old pictures, that someone had
photographed and sneaked out—funny-
looking people and animals and such.
“Alice in Wonderland” was one of them—
just a crazy kids’ book, but kind of hard to
understand. The other one was different,

more the sort of thing lie could get hold of

—“Gulliver’s Travels”.

  Funny, he was Gulliver too, and he sure
had traveled some—more than that old Gul-
liver in the book. He’d had luck too, Gul-
liver’s luck, what with giants and little pig-
my people and talking horses, and those
other crazy scientists, and those others with
the flying cities. But nothing like what he
had seen and heard and been through, here
in this old Solar System! What were talk-
ing horses against grown-up bugs like those
in the swamps of Venus—bugs that go into
a fight like a regular army? What were
these big space-ships but flying cities—fly-
ing further and faster than any of those in
the book? And as for giants, or things
like those little people—pshaw! Think
they could do him in, like they did that old
Gulliver in the book? Let ’em try it! Still
and all, he was a good man in a scrape, book
or no book, that old guy. He was a Gulli-
ver, and he had Gulliver’s luck!

  So his thoughts ran as the huge liner
throbbed its course among the stars—
thoughts of his own rough life, and of the
life of another Gulliver of Earth, a man of
fantasy, of fiction, conceived by a master
satirist nearly thirteen centuries before his
birth.

  Sometimes he thought of that living tomb
ahead, where he must fight for food and
shelter and life itself among the dregs of
three planets—hairy brutes like himself
from Earth and the Moon, tall gods without
emotion from Venus, little fragile Martians
that had run amuck under the strain of con-
ditions on other planets than their own.
Once, only once, police landed there to take
off a man who had been pardoned, and it
was nip and tuck for a while! He’d been a
ship-master then, in charge of a government
ship, a real captain in the service of the
League.

  Sometimes he wondered why he ever gave
it all up and wrecked his ship for what he
could salvage. He had been drunk, and
sore too, sore over some woman, some wo-
man on Venus—but that was long over, and
he’d had some good times and good hauls
since then, plenty of them! So here he was,
cooped up in this leaden ray-proof room,
218

WONDER STORIES

waiting for them to take him off and drop
him on a space-island full of mad beasts.
Bet that never happened to the old Gulliver!
Still, he was a great old guy, and you never
can tell what might have happened that he
didn’t feel like putting in writing. He
knew how it was! And Gulliver’s luck
wasn’t new—not by a long shot!

Gulliver’s Strategy

MARS grew and blotted out the stars,
an orange-red ball, snow-capped and
penciled with wide lines and dots of grey-
green. The mighty ship spawned in mid-
space and went its silent way, a little plum-
met of polished metal dropping down past
the two wheeling moons of Mars to the great
Martian metropolis of Kulal at the tip of the
Syrtia Major. Then all was tense, and a
subdued thrill of excitement crept through
the silent throng that lined the observation
ports. It never fails to thrill passengers
and even the crew and officers when a liner
passes through the belt of asteroids.

  The ship had raised a little above the
plane of the ecliptic, in order to pass well
above the main belt, where the tiny “pocket-
planets” were thickest and most dangerous.
Many a man had died an awful death in
emptiness as his ship careened, a shattered
hulk, from a dark shape in the blackness.
Now, below and on every side, they were
showing as sunlight and light of the space-
ship’s great light-beams bathed them, little
fainter dots of moving light against the
star-flecked heavens. Passengers and crew
alike clutched at the guard-straps for safety
a'? the ship lurched under the rattle of de-
flecting jets.

  Barely twenty miles away one of the
smaller asteroids swept by—in the binocu-
lars a dead waste of powdered pumice like
the Moon. Men have been exiled here, and
cast away by the misadventure of shipwreck,
but none have told the tale. Clear from
Mars to Jupiter, and beyond, this belt of
scattered pigmy planets spread—stepping-
stones of the Solar System.

  Many a man of the early explorers and
adventurers has laid his posts here in care-
fully charted orbits, and then, years or de-

cades later, has worked his tedious way out
from rock to rock in space, out toward Jupi-
ter and the greater Universe beyond. But
now jets drum and rattle their message of
safety, and the dancing specks of pale light
thin as a new form looms ahead in the
opening heavens—Jupiter, mightiest of the
planets.

  Now, in the little lead room at the ship’s
heart, a thin, invisible vapor is hissing
through unseen openings, and a sweet scent
of oblivion permeates the air. The bearded
form sinks slowly in seeming sleep. A
moment passes, and then a second gas hisses
through pin-hole ducts, and in the air a
faint white smoke forms and settles slowly
in fine dust over the quiet form.

  The door recedes, revealing walls of ten-
foot lead, impervious to the ray-guns of res-
cuing or escaping criminals. Men come in,
four of them, bundled in unwieldly space-
suits that nearly treble their weight. They
waddle to the sleeping prisoner, push and
pull him into a suit like their own, but lack-
ing the charge-belt and twin ray-pistols. A
little flat-topped carriage on silent wheels
purrs into the room behind them, the pri-
soner is lifted on it, and they leave him and
vanish down the corridor.

  After a long moment the still figure stirs,
raises its head ever so slightly, listening.
It rolls from the carriage, lands with a little
thud on its padded feet, shuffles cunningly
into another room across the narrow cor-
ridor. Soon it returns, thrusting a charge-
belt and pistols into the ampler pockets of
the suit, climbs with difficulty upon the
little carriage, and sinks again in feigned
sleep, none too soon.

  A bell rings harshly and like a phantom
the gleaming carriage speeds down the corri-
dor, winds its way to the outer skin of the
ship’s hull, where a sealed tube has opened.
Quickly its end rises, tilting the still form
into the waiting air-lock, which clicks shut
and seals automatically. In the bow of the
ship, a voice shouts, echoing from corridor
to corridor over the loud-speakers. From
the stern another answers. There is a bare-
ly perceptible lurch, a clang of scraping
metal, and the great ship has spawned again.
THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER

219

  In the single cabin of the tiny transport,
four men gather round the controls and
peer into the darkness ahead, regardless of
the still form on the berth behind them.
They talk, in the soft, slurred words of the
thirty-first century—endings dropped, rough
contractions used, grammar of the classics
made subordinate to speed and universality
of expression. Their voices are muffled by
the padded insulation of the walls, helmets
removed and hanging on their backs in the
safety of their ship.

  “Titan first, Cap?”

  “No. We’ll run him right through and
then go back to the post. We don’t have to
check this one through for inspection—he’s
travelin’ cold-storage. That is—unless we
have to refuel. Got enough of the stuff?”
“Just a minute, ’till I look at the gauge.
Sure, plenty. Six extra shells of astron an’
a spare detonator. O.K. with you, Cap?”
“Sure. Say, Fred, what was that you
took from the guy, there? Books? Give
’em here a minute.”

  “Yeah. I slipped ’em to him through the
food-tube—loose vellum, no metal. I
found ’em on a library smuggler last trip—
a trusty goin’ out to Titan for a year or so,
for sellin’ old books without a license.
They’re kids’ books—real old ones that you
can’t get near outside a library, ’less you
have someone to bootleg you one. I
thought he might like ’em, bein’ there all to
himself. No harm done, far’s I can see.”
“Oh, no, naturally not! Suppose there
was a poison-sheet in one of ’em—where’d
we be now? I ask you that!”

  “Not a chance, Cap. %I gave each page
the once-over an’ dipped it in his food.
He’s alive, ain’t he? Besides, how could
he get us after we doped him?”

         sure, he’s plenty alive. But wait
vJ ’till he hits that hell down there—
maybe that’ll be another story! Still, he’s
plenty husky, an’ I suppose most of ’em
either know him or have his rep. There
can’t be very many who don’t know all
about Black Lem Gulliver, who cracked up
the Titan for salvage on her first trip.”
“Say, Cap. That’s another funny thing.
Look here. This is one of the books I let

him have—see, ‘Gulliver’s Travels’. Fun-
ny, ain’t it? Lemuel Gulliver same as him.
Maybe they’re related, huh?”

  “Maybe, but you won’t catch him brag-
gin’ about it any, not if I know Black Lem!
What time you got?”

  “Twenty-forty. Be there in an hour.
Goin’ to give him a knife or somethin’, ’fore
you drop him? He’ll need it.”

  “Sure, drop one in the cubby before you
put him in. Frank, you go down in under
and get the gas-tanks attached. We don’t
want to drop him into that place asleep!
And Bill, you crawl aft and put a couple of
those spare shells in the ways. We’ll need
them to get back. Then I can tip ’em in
when the time comes.”

  “Say, Cap.”

  “What’s the matter, Bill?”

  “Better watch your step. This place is
pretty close to the limit, an’ if you have to
use full power to get clear of Jupiter, we
may not make Titan.”

  “I’ll watch it up. We can’t risk that for
any crook alive! Hank, you act dopey.
Poker last sleep-period?”

  “Yeah, Cap. Say, that’s some game, for
an old-timer! Beats these new three-way
chess-sets for speed by a light-year. An’
it isn’t a high-brow game, like chess, eith-
er.”

  “Oh, sure. I ain’t kickin’—play it my-
self when I get a chance. But it won’t look
so good when we hit Titan. Go on an’
crawl into the bunk—that one up over him.
I’ll wake you up when we get ready to dump
him, if you want to see him sprawl and
swim.”

  “O.K., Cap. Thanks a lot.”

  “All right with me, Hank.”

  For ten minutes, twenty, all is quiet. Be-
low in the cubby Fred shuffles around at-
taching nozzles to the tanks of antidote for
the sleep-gas. Aft, Bill is wedged between
the jets, muscling two heavy shells of astron
up into the rack that will tip them into the
firing-chambers when the time comes. Hank
is sprawled like a frog on his stomach in
the canvas bunk, snoring. The lights off, to
cut down the reflection from the cabin, Cap
jockeys his firing lever. Meteors are pret-
ty thick for comfort near Jupiter.
220

WONDER STORIES

  And now a tiny white disk swims out from
behind the shielding bulk of the great plan-
et, and Cap fairly glues himself to the con-
trols. Behind him, a still form wakes into
quick, stealthy life—the prisoner, Gulliver.
On his back, he bends a knee and thrustc
straight up for the sleeping man above, with
all his great strength, straight for his stom-
ach—a vulnerable spot in any race. A sick
grunt and weak groan, and it is all over.

  Cap wheels, grabbing at his ray-gun. A
flash of white flame and his hand becomes
a blackened stub—fingers seared by the
criminal’s ray. Again the ray blazes, even
as he leaps—to crumple to the cabin-floor
with a horrible blackened burn in his thigh.

  In the aft passage, Bill is hurrying for-
ward, gun in hand. Below, Fred is creep-
ing toward the cabin hatch, ready to drop
at the wink of an eye. The grim, bearded
figure in the cabin runs the controls to neu-
tral, drives the unconscious captain halfway
to the cubby-hatch with a brutal kick, then
crouches, guns ready, covering the door and
hatch. A slender rod with polished tung-
sten electrode protrudes from the crack of
the door—Bill’s ray-gun. A flare of fire
and it droops, fused, and the hidden guard
is cursing with a seared finger. A second
flash, as Fred drops again to the safety of
the cubby, the heat of the ray turning the
metal hatch cherry-red.

  Gulliver speaks, sneering arrogance and
brutal triumph in his voice.

  “Listen, you, behind that door! Get out
of there before I melt the hinges an’ burn
you out!”

  Bill stumbles out of his hiding, gripping
the wrist of his wounded hand in white-
knuckled agony.

  “Right. Now listen, an’ you below. Me,
I ain’t goin’ to be dropped, not here any-
way. I can run this ship by myself, so I
don’t need help nor hindrance from you big-
noses, see? I’m droppin’ you, now. You
have that knife you were goin’ to give me,
an’ the feller in the cubby has his guns—•
all right, you can keep ’em. I never give
a guy a dirty deal unless he gives me one—
not even a big-nose.

  “You there, with the burned hand. Hust-
le your cap’n down that hatch. He ain’t

dead, just washed out by a little burn. An’
take that stiff in the bunk. I ain’t afraid
of dead men, but they ain’t nice company
for a lone man like me. Come on’ hustle!
No stallin’ or I’ll drop you right out in
space! There ain’t too much time, an’ I’ve
got to find me a moon to hide on for a
while.”

  From the floor comes the voice of the
crippled captain. “You call yourself a
cap’n! You damned fool, look out of that
port behind you!”

  “Yah! That’s an old trick—an’ you with
a ray-gun left! Think I’m green any-
where?”

  “Stow it! I had the controls set to curve
in to the moon, didn’t I? An’ you threw
’em neutral—a real cap’n like you! Go
ahead, look out, if you ain’t yellow! Where’s
the moon, hey? Yeah, an* where’s Jupiter?
You poor fool, you’ve killed us all, an*
you’re in the same boat with the rest of us!”

The Plunge to Jupiter!

FEAR seizing him, Gulliver wheels,
stares for an instant, turns back snarl-
ing. There is no innermost moon to be
seen—in its stead huge Jupiter blots out the
stars, as the little ship rushes headlong into
its sea of frozen clouds, whence no man has
returned and told the tale!

  “So that’s the way it is, huh? We all die
together, do we? Well, mister big-nose, if
any one of us four lives I’m elected, see?
Get down that hatch before I ray you!
Quick! I ain’t gabbin’! An’ if your damn*
ship is any good af all, I’m out of here, see,
if you have to stay. I’ve seen a thing or
two in my day that most men have never
even heard of! I’ve been here before, see,
an’ I ain’t dead yet nor ain’t goin’ to be!”

  Alone in the cabin of the falling ship,
fingering nervously the unfamiliar controls,
the ex-captain stares from the broad port,
trying their effect. He hasn’t run this kind
of ship, doesn’t know the ropes as he used
to. Still, it would be easy—just try’ em all
gently an’ sort ’em out. There—see?
These are the jets here. That’s the cubby-
port; that’s the main port; that must be the
lever to load the firing chambers. Cinch,
THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER

221

if you know how! All set now—it’s up to
luck, to Gulliver’s luck.

  The great bulk of Jupiter has blotted out
all the starry heavens with its huge ball of
swirling clouds, banded by the equatorial
gales that circle the planet. Now, easy with
the laterals, easy, and they’re in the atmos-
phere, clouds of needle-crystals swirling all
about them, mighty winds ripping and tear-
ing at every projection of the stream-lined
hull, the ship flattening out in a long, level
glide that will bring them spiraling out of
the blind greyness of the clouds, down to
where he can see to navigate. He has been
here before, he knows his way about.

  Now the clouds drift up and the mightiest
of the planets lies far below the scudding
ship—desolation rampant. Crags, deserts,
great ranges and wind-carved, time-worn
plateaus—all of the blue-green ice of the
outer planets, ice that has lain hidden for
ages under the cloud-drift that men see.
But it is not barren ice that he seeks, but
another thing by far, and as the rocket sinks
slowly he sees his goal rising above the
curve of the planet—the great Red Spot of
Jupiter.

  The ice has nearly all vanished, and harsh
black rock juts in its stead in a chaotic
wilderness where no ship can land unwreck-
ed. He is uneasy, the controls are unfami-
liar, do not respond as he would like. He
is close to the crags now, too close, closer
than he has ever been. He can see great
rivers, torrents of ice and water, flowing
in the heat of the Spot. The great mass
of the planet, too, is making itself felt, and
he reacts to stimuli sluggishly. But the
Red Spot is close now, and the great updraft
of hot air that will hurl them above the
clouds, to safety.

  Like a crimson mountain it looms ahead,
and already great winds are sweeping them
into the maelstrom. But it is hot, and his
feet and hands feel heavy—it is hard to think
and act. No, he has never been so low—-
he can see the region about the base of the
Spot, cloaked in rising vapor that.is torn to
shreds by the gales. It is like a deep bowl
all around the great oval of the Spot, deep
and green with rank vegetation. There are
swamps, where the waters of the great rivers

fester and rise to mist in the frozen clouds.
There are great forests, and long, low
plains—all gleaming strangely in the lurid
glare of the Spot. And the ship is low, too
low, and it is hot and hard to think.

  Suddenly a towering range of narrow
peaks shows below, ringing the lowland,
and in the fearful up-draft of their slope the
little rocket-ship is gripped and hurled end
over end aloft! Madly Gulliver jerks at
the firing-lever, the jets cough—and die,
burnt out! As he grabs at the reloader,
the fury of the upper winds cuts into the
buoying up-draft, and like a bit of down the
ship is tossed by the tempest! Hurled clear
across the cabin, he creeps toward the lever,
inch by inch, year by year. Beyond the
port, the red hell of the Spot glares evilly
at his staring eyes and working lips. Inch
by inch—but the mountains are gone, and
the falling air drops them mile on mil«
toward the ghastly green swamplands. A
lurch throws him headlong against the con-
trols—too late!

  He gropes madly, blindly for the lever
that is safety—yanks wildly at whatever his
hands meet with! Clang! Wings of metal
spring from the ship’s sides buoying it to
the planet’s surface. There, that one—no
—the other. The entry-port crashes open
with a rush of pressing air, and as he stares
dazedly at the rushing ground beneath, he
sees dully four figures hurtling end over
end toward the swamp below. For a brief
instant the ship levels, then plunges toward
the forest, and in that instant he leaps. The
narrow plain that rings the swamp is rush-
ing up to meet him, faster, faster. It is
hard to breathe. Then something strikes
his back with awful force and the world
goes black!

#	# *

SLOWLY he woke, gasping for breath.
The air was thick, stifling and unbear-
ably hot and humid, trying to burst into
his body and strangle him. His ears throb-
bed with a dull thunderous roar, from the
greater air-pressure, and an awful weight
was bearing him down. Slowly, painfully
he rolled over on his face, pressed down
into the thick, springy moss by the enormous
pull of Jupiter’s gravitation. Inch by inch
222

WONDER STORIES

lie gathered his limbs beneath him, strug-
gling against the weight of his space-suit—
five hundred pounds of matter crushing him
into the ground. His head rose above the
moss; he looked about him.

  Above the forest the great Red Spot loom-
ed through the rising mists—a huge moun-
tain of molten rock, oval, raised from the
planet’s face by the whirling centrifuge and
tidal drag that will some day rip it free and
give it birth—another moon for the sover-
eign of the planets. Then the forest—a
matted tangle of unearthly olive-green tree-
forms, glossy and uncannily still—at its
edge the rocket, by Fate’s whim unharmed
in its fall.

  With superhuman strength he surged to
his feet, then dropped with a grunt of re-
leased breath and wormed about to face the
swamp-edge, whence a flaming ray has hiss-
ed past him in a torrent of whirling, heated
air! Four forms grovel in the mud of the
swamp—one motionless. A ray-gun blazes
again, searing the moss beside him, sending
up a stifling stench, the moss seeming to
writhe away in alarm as air-currents whip
it.

  His own ray flames—one form crumples
with a yell of agony, an arm neatly gone,
and as neatly cauterized by the heat of the
ray. He cannot see, but it sounded like
Fred, the young feller who gaye him the
books. Funny about those books. Bet
that other old Gulliver never had a fight like
this!

  Hours pass, hours of darting rays and
shriveling moss and flesh. Gulliver has
been hit twice—one arm is dead from the
elbow down—but in the swamp one man
alone returns his fire—Bill. For a long
time he has been quiet. Maybe he has run
out of charges for his gun. Probably it’s
just a trick to draw his fire and make a
target. What the hell? The damned fool
is gettin’ up—tryin’ to move toward him—
yellin’ at him! Tryin’ to pull a charge,
hey? Not on this baby! Spat! Spat!
Got him—got him, by God! They’re done
for—all four of ’em, the damned big-noses!
Tryin’ to get him!

  What was that he was yellin’ when he
jvas burned down? Somethin’ about back

—back of you. That old kids’ trick again!
Huh! Tryin’ that on him, on Lem Gulli-
ver ! Damned fool!

  What the hell? Seems like he’s sinkin’
deeper in the moss, or else it’s growin’ high-
er. There’s a kind of wormy, squirmin’
movement goin’ on underneath him, like he
was lyin’ on somethin’ that was tryin’ to
wriggle out! Funny feelin’, nasty an’
creepy-like. He rolls over on his back, lab-
oriously. Funny, there’s a great big flower
bendin’ over him, an’ there’s another—three
more, all around him. He can see more be-
yond. They weren’t there before—he’d
stake his life on that! What kind of a
place was this, anyway? Too damned fun-
ny for him, it was! Of the places he’d
seen, this beat all of ’em by a long sight!

  Where he’d been lying the moss seemed
to be writhing under his hand, squirming
out from under it and creeping over it on
all sides. Where he was, he could feel it
wriggle under his back, and see it sort of
bending over him where he pressed against
it. It felt a lot like little fine feelers on his
hand, little fine roots of the moss running
all over the back of his hand. What the
hell? That hurt! Damned if those roots
weren’t tryin’ to cram into his pores an*
under his fingernails—no way at all for
moss to act! Take those flowers, too, great
big purple cups, all splattered with gold,
with little red tubes like feelers on the in-
side. Let’s see, there ought to be four of
’em.

  Four—there are ten, twelve—hey, what is
this? The damned things are growin’ up all
around him, creepin’ right up on him while
he lies there! It ain’t right!

  Somethin’ is drippin’ on his face—wet an’
warm an’ sweet-smellin’, like perfume.
Makes him want to sleep—funny feelin’.
Ow! That was in his eye—it burned like
fire! What the hell? Some on his hand
—let’s look at it. Hey, it’s purple stuff an’
it won’t rub off, it’s set right into his skin!
It’s juice from those damned flowers drip-
pin’ on him—puttin’ him to sleep! Damn it,
it ain’t right!

  Good God, the damned thing’s tryin’ to
strangle him, smother him—little thin red
tentacles winding about his throat, a great
THE RED SPOT OF JUPITER

223

fleshy hood of livid purple closing down
over his face, flooding his panting lungs
with the sickly sweet odor of death. An-
other is on his wrist, striving with the
moss-threads to worm down into his veins
and drain him of life. God, they’re attack-
in’ him!

  With a mad wrench he tears free, stares
wildly at the uprooted plants that still
writhe greedily with evil life, at the wiry
moss scuttling over the surface of the ground
where he has lain. Damned plants, tryin’
to get him too! Well, let ’em try! Gul-
liver’s luck holds!

  But now comes a hushed sound, a muffled
whisper, a scraping rustle, from behind him.
Behind—look behind! That’s what the
guard yelled! With a surge of giant mus-
cles he tears his laden body from the cling-
ing moss,'struggles to his knees, and stares
in mounting horror. Moss—flowers—ahd
now the forest is marching to the attack!

  Once he screams—the only scream of fear
Li his life of danger. Then surging mus-
cles bear him up and he hurls his body for-
ward—toward the trees that are sweeping
down upon him with a rustle of eager
branches and a scrape of writhing roots,
hungry for the kill!

  To an observer, he must have seemed a
giant toad—a misshapen monster, toppling
forward across the hungry moss in great
struggling hops, two—three feet in every
lurch. And still the forest-front creeps on
undaunted to meet the creature that leaps
and crawls to do it combat—a man of Earth,
unafraid!

  Thick leaves whisper greedily among
themselves. Drooping, tentacular twigs
stir eagerly and uneasily, looping and twin-
ing in hunger. Great smooth-barked roots
worm forward, hump upward, inch their
way through the thick moss, that is itself
moving in shadowy ripples that converge

on the lone man who creeps and lurches
ever onward to the fray.

  He has halted, a limbless human stump,
squatting half buried in the moss—waiting.
His laboring brain whirls, his ears roar with
the pressure of the atmosphere, his breath
comes slowly, heavily, for the air is thick
and heavy to his aching lungs.

  The many hungry blossoms hurry forward
on hunching roots, their purple sucking-
cups nodding, racing the great trees for the
prey. The moss ripples faster, the murmur
of fleshy leaves has become a minor roar
as of distant winds. And still he sits and
waits, as the deadly circle forms and closes
in on every side.

  His ray-guns blaze, again, many times;
fanning in a broad angle! Through the
surging jungle a great swath of death has
been carved, straight to the rocket-6hip. In
great five-foot dives he bounds forward,
driving his failing body to new struggles,
new feats of strength and daring. Over
charred, still-twisting tree-forms, over seared
and matted moss, over cinders that have
been flower-cups with little living red ten-
tacles, he beats his way—to the ship and
safety. Behind, the lane narrows, closes in
after him, but the lever is thrown, the jets
fueled, and with a thunder that sets the
leaves and tendrils into a frenzy of agony,
the ship sweeps forward and up!

  Below, at the swamp’s edge, four long,
narrow mounds show faintly in the eagerly
stirring green slime. Now the fierce up-
pouring chimney of the great Red Spot has
caught him, and like a bit of fine down he
is hurled aloft in the grip of the winds—up
through torn cloud-levels, up, and out into
starry emptiness. And as the belted bulk of
mighty Jupiter shrinks astern and a Uni-
verse opens ahead, the lone eye of the great
Red Spot winks applause to Lemuel Gulli-
ver, Black Lem of Earth, who has met his
world of giants and has won!

THE END

ALL READERS
should be thrilled by the $100.00 Prize “Interplan ~
etary Plot” Contest in the Spring 1931 Wonder
Stories Quarterly—now on all newsstands
Rebellion - 5000 A.D.!

By Garth Bentley

(Illustration by Marchioni)

Earthquakes of wide and terrible destructiveness wiped out whole
cities; tidal waves of mammoth proportions swept in ... •

224
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

225

PHYSICS C7, at the time I registered for
Professor Clewe’s course, meant only
three hours of necessary credit toward my
Bachelor of Science degree. When I ans-
wered the roll call on the first meeting day
of the class I had lit-
tle intimation of the
part that the instructor
was to play in remap-
ping my future in a
way that even the
wildest of my boyhood
dreams never pictured.

 The course dealt
with advanced elect-
ricity, and Professor
Clewe was a world-
famed authority on
the subject. I was
majoring in Physics
with the idea of teach-
ing the subject even-
tually. A vague and
almost forgotten uncle
had left me sufficient
funds to remove all
necessity of earning a
living, and I had chos-
en pedagogy as a
pleasant avocation.

  The cloistered life of
the university, with its
comparative remote-
ness from the confus-
ion of the outside
world, appealed to me
greatly. I had but
little desire to plunge
into the bustle of mod-
ern commerce; and the
dignified and more
leisurely field of re-
search beckoned invit-
ingly.

 Although barely
twenty-five, my life

had not been an easy one until the passing
of my uncle brought affluence and made a
college education possible. Left an orphan
at an early age, I had peddled papers, done
odd jobs, worked in lumber camps, on
dredge boats and in factories. I had even

^ AS we look back in his-\*
  tory to the actions, the
  beliefs and the mentality of
  people of, let us say the
  Middle Ages, it is hard to
  conceive that a world of
  such ignorance, supersti-
  tion, hate and persecution
  could have existed.

     Similarly, the people of
   other ages looking back to
   the 20th century will find
   it incomprehensible to get
   our mental attitude, and
   understand why we live as
   we do.

    A man who travels back
  from the future into the
  present, as Mr. Clark Ash-
  ton Smith showed so clear-
  ly in “An Adventure into
  Futurity,” would find him-
  self almost in- an alien
  world. This would be just
  as true, perhaps more so, to
  a man of the present who
  happened to find himself in
  a future age. No time
  travelling story then, can
  be truthful, or fulfil its
  purpose that does not show
  clearly the difference in
  habit, thoughts and feeling
  of people of widely separ-
  ated centuries.

     The present story is one
   of the best stories of futur-
   ity that we have had the
   pleasure to print. It ful-
   fils almost perfectly all
   that one could wish for, in
   a picture of a far-distant
   \age.

 played two seasons of professional baseball
 in one of the tiny leagues that are mention-
 ed only in the back pages of Spaulding’s
 Guide.

   As a result, I did not fit in very well with
                        the conventional un-
                        conventionalities o f
                        college life. I had
                        never been inclined to
                        make close friends
                        among my associates,
                        my contacts with the
                        other students were
                        confined mainly t o
                        nodding acquaintance-
                        ships in the class-
                        rooms and on the cam-
                        pus. My professional
                        record barred me from
                        the athletic teams and
                        —as I had never cared
                        for feminine society,
                        being somewhat shy of
                        girls—I paid little at-
                        tention to the social
                        side of college life. I
                        had a small apartment
                        where I lived with my
                        bouks and, except for
                        occasional tennis
                        games with anyone I
                        could find, I spent
                        most of my time read-
                        ing and studying.

                  Professor Clewe
proved to be an inter-
esting lecturer and we
soon became w’arm
personal friends. In
spite of the difference
in our ages, I found
him a delightful com-
panion. Because of my
interest in his subject,
he was accustomed to
discuss questions of
Physics wTith me as if I were an authority
of his own standing instead of’ merely a
student.

   After several months of comparative in-
timacy—for Professor Clewe had but few
friends—he confided that he was working
226

WONDER STORIES

on an invention of his own that might revo-
lutionize communication. His explanation
of his invention was long and exceedingly
complicated, and much of it passed over my
head, I am afraid. Simplified to everyday
terms, he was attempting to discover some
means of sending radio messages in a
straight line like a beam of light rather than
on the customary Hertzian waves which rad-
iated in all directions from the sending sta-
tion like ripples on the surface of a pond.

  Many others were experimenting along
this line, I knew, with varying success. Pro-
fessor Clewe, however, was seeking an en-
tirely new wave or ray to carry the elect-
rical impulses which carry radio messages.
After years of indiffer-
ent results, he had discov-
ered an unknown wave of
a totally different sort
which he believed would
ultimately prove the solu-
tion to the problem.

  The discovery had come
by accident, as so many
scientific discoveries do,,
and as yet he had had
little time to do more
than experiment in the
most rudimentary way.

He had been using small
models and had no way
of gauging the exact pow-
er or accuracy of his
machine. At his request
one night, I accompanied
him to his home—a bachelor cottage of five
rooms. At least three of these had been
turned into laboratories, and it was in one
that he had been conducting his experi-
ments.

  Professor Clewe showed me the small
models of his sending set and I listened
eagerly as he explained them to me. But
it was the completed machine, occupying
one entire end of the largest room, that
fascinated me. At first glance it seemed a
confused mass of electrical apparatus. Con-
densers, Coolidge tubes, generators, Tesla-
coils and other pieces of apparatus unknown
to me were linked together with an appar-
ently hopeless tangle of wiring.

  I turned to the professor.

  “It looks like a high frequency experi-
ment of some kind,” I remarked trying to
follow the general hook-up with my inquis-
itive eye.

  “Not exactly,” he laughed. “You might
call it a super-high frequency machine. It’s
a transmitter-generator of the same type as
the smaller models but much more power-
ful. Some of the extra equipment is neces-
sary for stepping up the voltage to the re-
quired power. I would hate to mention the
actual voltage which I believe the machine
will develop. I completed it only today
and we will try it out tonight.”

E examined the
machine in silence
for some moments. Fin-
ally the professor turned
to me.

  “I have checked this
apparatus a hundred
times since this morning
and I am certain that my
calculations are correct.
The small models worked
perfectly and I believe
that this one will also
operate successfully. We
will make the first test a
real one.

  “Five miles from here,”
he continued, “I have
fitted up a receiving set
in a garage on one of the
big estates. I am going there now and I
will leave you here to send the first message
to me.”

  1 protested volubly at this arrangement as
I thought the honor of sending the first
words over the new wave should be his.

  “No,” he said in reply. “This is only a
private trial and the sending is the easiest
part. I must be at the receiving end in
order to study my apparatus there and to
tune the receiver to the proper pitch. It
may require a bit of delicate adjustment—
work that you could not do. The transmit-
ter is completely in readiness. All that you
have to do is turn the switch on the panel
and tap out a message with the key. You

GARTH BENTLEY
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

227

know the International Morse Code?”

  “No, but I’m familiar with the American
system.”

  “Just as good,” he replied.

  He returned to the sending machine, and
for some moments was busily engaged in
testing connections and making sure that
everything was in perfect order. Then,
pulling on his coat and hat, he spoke.

  “I’m going now. It’s eight o’clock on the
dot by my watch. Is yours the same?”

  We synchronized our watches, and he
continued.

  “We had better allow at least a half hour.
That will give me plenty of time to get
there in spite of possible traffic delays.
Then I will need a few minutes to get the
receiving set adjusted. Suppose you throw
the switch at exactly 8:45.”

  I nodded agreement and he left hurried-
ly. It was the last time I ever saw him.

  Alone in the laboratory, I again turned
my attention to the professor’s transmitter.
I was frankly puzzled with its intricacy. I
was beginning to realize how little I knew
of the strange force men call electricity.
But even to my inexperienced eye, the mach-
ine suggested power such as few men have
gathered. This was the type of transmitter
one would expect to find in use in inter-
planetary communication, hurling its mes-
sages across the vast reaches of cosmic
space by sheer power. Its vastness and un-
known potentialities sent a queer shivery
thrill through me as I stood regarding it
silently.

  I was conscious of a deepening interest
and a growing excitement in the experi-
ment. I took out my watch and shook it
to make sure that it was going. The time
was passing all too slowly for me; I could
scarcely contain my eagerness while the sec-
ond hand crawled around its tiny circle.

  After a seemingly interminable time, dur-
ing which I explored the professor’s lib-
rary, tuned in the radio in the living room
and wandered idly about the laboratory, my
watch pointed to the awaited minute. As if
to confirm my wrist watch, the radio pro-
gram ceased and the gong sounded for the
regular quarter-hour station announcement.
I cross the laboratory toward the panel

which contained the control switch. The
key, with which I was to send my message
was fastened to the horizontal base of the
penel, and I hesitated for a moment as I
seated myself in the low chair, wondering
what message I would send. Some theat-
rical impulse gripped me. If the invention
proved successful, just as epochal a moment
as the first flight of the Wright brothers.
I made my decision: “A new day dawns”
would be the message I would tap out in
the Morse code.

  With my heart beating wildly, I threw
the great switch. The tubes began to glow.
A great flashing spark leaped madly across
the uprights of the huge Tesla coil, and
continued to flow across the gap in a crack-
ling flash of fire. The voltage, I thought
absently, must be tremendous. The smell
of ozone was strong in the air of the little
room, and I was conscious of a queer ting-
ling sensation all over my body. I turned
to the key and pressed it down in the first
stroke of the Morse A.

  A blinding flash filled the room. For
one instant I was conscious of a rainbow
aura around the machine. The panel, the
key and the meager furniture of the room,
all appeared as if seen through a prism,
distorted, colorful. Then I swam in a great
blackness and lost consciousness.

CHAPTER II
A Strange Awakening

I STRUGGLED back to consciousness with
the sound of many voices chanting a
paean of triumph in my ears. My head
throbbed painfully and my limbs felt as
though they had been broken on the rack.
Every muscle ached as I attempted to raise
myself to a sitting position, and starry pin-
wheels danced before my eyes. I desisted
in my efforts and lay back with a moan,
closing my eyes again.

  I tried to recall what had happened and,
after a bit, I remembered the laboratory,
the great machine and the professor’s experi-
ment. I moved my hand and realized that
I was lying on soft grass with a slight
breeze blowing on my face. Someone
228

WONDER STORIES

raised my head gently and I felt cold water
trickle down my throat. Presently cool, soft
hands bathed my forehead and rougher ones
chafed my wrists gently.

  My strength returned rapidly, the ache in
my body subsided and I opened my eyes
once more. The pinwheels had ceased danc-
ing, and as I blinked in the soft light, I
looked into a pair of golden brown eyes in
whose depth I could read compassion, wel-
come and a hint of reverential awe. As my
eyes grew accustomed to the light, I discov-
ered the eyes to be set in a face whose loveli-
ness left me breathless, framed as it was, in
a cloud of wavy, dark brown hair. Two
soft yet sinewy white arms supported my
head.

  Another face came into my line of vision,
the face of an old man whose long white
beard and wrinkled features made him seem
incredibly ancient.

  He spoke to the girl who held my head,
and his words were close-clipped and swift-
ly spoken, giving a staccato tone to his
speech. She answered in a musical voice,
using the same quick articulation.

  “He awakes,” she said.

  The old man turned to those that sur-
rounded us at a slight distance and ad-
dressed them in a loud voice. My mind
was still too cloudy to catch the swift words
of his message but it was greeted by a roar
of acclaim. With the aid of the girl and
the old man, I struggled to my feet. After
a moment of unsteadiness I was able to take
stock of my surroundings.

  My two companions and myself were en-
circled by a ring of what must have num-
bered several hundred people. We stood in
what was evidently a park, and huge street
lamps of an unfamiliar pattern lighted the
scene with a soft, glowing radiance and
made the space where we stood as light as
day.

  I turned to my companions and surveyed
them with interest. My first impression of
the girl was confirmed. She was beautiful
of face, and her figure was as well-propor-
tioned as that of a dryad. She was tall and
slender, and her hair was clasped round
her forehead with a wide band of silver
bearing strange inscriptions. She was

dressed in a loose-fitting tunic of white,
girdled about the waist with a silver cord.
The lower edge of the garment fell slightly
below her. knees, and her feet were encased
in silver slippers.

  The old man seemed even more ancient
than I had supposed from my first glimpse
of him. He, too, was clothed in a white
tunic that reached his ankles, and which—
with his white beard hanging low on his
breast and his long white hair falling over
his shoulders—made him seem like a pat-
riarch of Biblical days. The tunic was
belted with a silver sash, from the wide end
of which dangled a silver ornament in the
design of a four-spoked wheel. Like the
girl’s, his hair was held away from his fore-
head by a silver band that carried queer
symbols.

  The crowd, which had become silent as I
arose, stood watching expectantly. I could
feel the intensity of their concentration and
subconsciously I knew that the undercurrent
of exciteipent which gripped them was, in
some subtle way,, connected with myself.

  I noticed that these spectators seemed
about evenly divided; half were men and the
rest women. The latter wore tunics simi-
lar to the girl’s but shorter, coming several
inches above the knee and bound with sash-
es of various striped materials. The men
wore blouses open at the neck and loose, full
shorts. Harnesses similar to double Sam
Brown belts, crossed in front and behind,
passed over the shoulders and were at-
tached to broad leather belts. The short
sleeves of their blouses bore various designs
similar to the insignia worn by army divi-
sions.

I TURNED to the old man.

“What are they waiting for?” I asked.

  “They await your message,” he replied.

  “What message? I do not understand.”

  “You will know in time,” he answered,
gently. “In the meantime you must speak
to them. Tffey expect it.”

  “But what shall I say?” I was bewilder-
ed and none too clear in the head, even
yet.

  “Say anything! Something . . . Only
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

229

a few words will do,” the girl broke in in
an entreating voice.

  I cleared my throat and took a few steps
forward. The crowd was silent, waiting.

  “My friends. ...” I hesitated, and the
words of my message to Professor Clewe
flashed into my hazy mind. I continued,
“A new day dawns. . . .”

  The silence was broken by a tempest of
sound. The people in the front rows pass-
ing my words back to those in the rear, the
sound grew as all repeated the trite phras-
ing of my message. Then some one began
the chant that I had heard on awakening.
Another caught it up, another and another.
It spread like a ripple of wind over a wheat
field until all were shouting its cadences
ia unison. It had a triumphant ring, a con-
quering ring, like the song of an army to
whom new hope has been given. I was
aLle now to catch the words that snapped
forth in sharp explosions of sound:

        “0 men arise!

Strike off your chains!

         The night is gone,

New hope appears!

         Lift up your eyes!

A new king reigns!

        A new day dawns

On bitter years. . . .”

  I caught my breath. The very fierceness
of the song gripped me. The way they
sang it! A song of new faith .... of
salvation. . . .

  The old man raised his arm and the song
was stilled. He spoke:

  “The day of deliverance is at hand, my
children,” he said. “But the time for action
is not yet here. Pass the word among you
that he whom we have expected for so long
has come. But guard your news carefully
lest it be known of those who rule. Go
now to your homes and be of stout heart.”
Slowly the crowd dispersed and we were
left alone. The old man turned to me.
“Come, let us go. . . .”

 “But why? Where? I do not under-
stand.”

  “You are still dazed at the manner of
your coming.”

  “But where am I? ^What country is
this?”

  “This is America. The lights on the hori-
zon there are those of the city of Chicago.”

  I looked in the direction he had indicated
and there, far to the northwest, I could see
starry lights twinkling and in the sky the
reflected glow of a great city. The ground
where we stood was gently rolling but slop-
ing upward toward higher hills close at
hand. The breezes freshened and brought
with it the breath of Lake Michigan.

  “We are in the Dunes of Indiana?” I
asked.

  “They were once known as that,” he re-
plied.

  “Once known. ...” I could not grasp
his meaning. The accident and the queer
happenings of the past few minutes had
convinced me that I was in some sort of
delirium. A wild idea struck me. “Isn’t
this the year 1930?”

  The girl looked at me wonderingly, and
the old man shook his head.

  “This is the year 5000,” he said.

The Coming of the Messiah!

MY mind was too dazed to absorb this
information quickly, and I followed
my two companions unprotestingly as they
moved toward a grove of trees near at hand.
It did not occur to me to doubt the old man’s
assertion. There was too much evidence
which tended to prove him right. The
clipped, staccato speech and the queer cos-
tumes of the people, the very contours of
the Dunes where we stood—the trees in
orderly rows and the cultivated, park-like
appearance of what I remembered as un-
spoiled country where nature ran riot—all
urged the passage of considerable time.
But, how?

  Naturally, in the course of my college
career, I had heard much of the fourth
dimension, of moving in time and of other
topics off the beaten track of science. I
could only explain my present predicament
by granting that the professor’s machine
had hurled me—somehow—some way—
through three thousand odd years of time.
It was unbelievable, incredible! Yet the
fact remained that here was I—a normal
young man of the twentieth century—torn
230

WONDER STORIES

loose from his own environment and drop-
ped in the center of a new age, in a world
unknown to me in actuality and in theory.

  Of course I had read many books of the
semi-scientific kind, forecasting the world
in the years to come and pointing out the
changes that would take place. I tried to
recall some of the glittering pictures the
prophets of the future had painted. All
sorts of descriptions had been given of the
superman of two thousand years or so hence,
pointing out how evolution, habits and en
vironment would change his appearance
and physical structure. He would be a
large craniumed creature because of much
thinking and brain work. He would have
weak legs and spindly arms from too much
dependence on machinery. He would wear
glasses perpetually as a result of too much
reading and study under artificial light. He
would have no teeth or hair of his own
and few, if any, toes.

  I looked at my companions critically and
marvelled how little humanity had changed
physically in the thirty centuries and more
which had passed. The man was old, very
old, yet he differed but little in appearance
from bearded grandfathers I had known.
True, his movements were almost as swift
and sure as my own and his wrinkled face
carried the bloom of perfect health, but cer-
tainly these were changes for the better. I
could think of many women I had known
and admired who were little different from
the girl of the brown eyes, and none of them
(equalled her in beauty or grace of movement.
No, whatever else had happened, the human
race had not deteriorated physically. If any-
thing, judging from the uniformly healthy
appearance of the people I had seen, the
race had improved considerably.

  My companions led the way to an open
space among the trees where their airplane
rested. I had no trouble in recognizing it
as such. Its exterior resembled in many
ways the ships of my own era. The stream-
lined cabin curved upward from the bow
and receded toward the tail where it ended
in a point. The propeller seemed very small
for so large a plane, being no larger than
those of the one-man planes to which I was
accustomed. The wings were similarly two

narrow fins, extending along the sides of
the cabin for half its length. These slanted
backward and with the rudder and tail-
pieces, which were shaped like the end of a
conventional arrow, gave the ship the ap-
pearance of a great dart. There was no
landing gear, I noted in amazement, the ship
seeming to rest on its own flat under-sur-
face. We entered the cabin and I saw that
the interior was very comfortably arranged
to carry six passengers. Deeply cushioned,
roomy seats, upholstered in a very fine
grained synthetic leather, awaited us. I
turned to my companions.

  “I do not know your names, my friends,”

I said, extending my hand. “Mine is Ken-
neth Martin. I am known informally as
Ken.”

  “I am Jon Ley,” the old man replied.
“This,” indicating the girl, “is Leda Ley,
the daughter of my grandson who is dead.”

  I acknowledged the introductions, not
overly surprised that he was the great-grand-
father of a girl who seemed but little young-
er than myself. Jon Ley’s outward appear-
ance told of many more than the customary
tbree-score-and-ten years. And his eyes
were the eyes of one who had lived for cen-
turies.

  “Why are we here?” I asked as we took
our seats. “And who were the people who
chanted, whom you sent away? What was
the meaning of their song?”

ON LEY shook his head. “We have noi
the time to explain everything now,” he
said. “Already there is great danger. If
we linger here it will mean destruction to
all of us. When we arrive at safer quar-
ters I will explain many things that you do
not now understand.

  “At the moment,” he continued, “I will
tell you that you were found outside the
city near the ruins of ancient buildings. Aj
young doctor, who is one of us, was giving
first aid to a man injured in an accident
when he saw a sudden electrical disturbance
nearby—a great flash of light—and when
he investigated you were lying there. With
the aid of others, he placed you in his flyer
and brought you here.

  “He saw in you the answer to a prophecy
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

231

made one thousand years ago. In a very
short time many people had assembled to
do you honor. You are to those, who be-
lieve in the prophecy, a Messiah, a deliver-
er, come to remove the yoke of the tyrant
from necks that long have borne unwilling
burdens. Small wonder that many of our
people will see you as a god, one who comes
to us out of the past to lead us toward a
new future.”

  “But I am only a man,” I protested, “a
man such as they are^—like you, yourself—
I have been plucked from my own era by
seme freak of fate and dropped into one
many centuries removed. I am no god,
nor can I pose as one.”

  “No, you are no god. The gods are
dead,” the old man mused. “They died
many years ago—beyond the memory of
any now alive. They who rule us have a
god of sorts to whom they render a toler-
ant, patronizing sort of reverence as it
pleases them. But the people have no gods.
Long ago they gave up all hope of divine
interference in their destinies. The religion
that you knew died soon after the close of
your own century. Too much was known
even then of nature’s laws, and man learned
to control them in ways that gods would
never have permitted. And the clergy,
trading their spiritual leadership for tem-
poral power, lost the respect of the people
and became corrupt and futile.

  “No, you are not a god,” he concluded.
“Yet many will so regard you and will do
you reverence. A god come not to save
men’s souls but to save men’s bodies and
men’s intellect.”

CHAPTER III
The City

LEDA had turned to the controls of the
plane and I was watching interestedly.
1 wondered how she would get the necessary
run for the take-off, since the plane was
without landing gear. I was not long in
doubt. The girl pressed a button, threw a
switch, pulled a lever. The motor hummed
busily but quietly, and I felt the ship groan

and rise quickly headed for the city. We
had risen vertically from the ground.

  I uttered an exclamation of pleasure.
Leda locked the controls and swung her
chair around to face us.

  “You are surprised?” she asked.

  “Yes, I am,” I admitted. “In my own
day it was necessary to run the plane along
the ground for some distance in order to
get the necessary momentum for taking off.
And our motors were very noisy compared
t-) yours.”

  “We have progressed far since then,” she
replied. “I have read of your early strug-
gles to fly. Of the Wright brothers and
Curtiss and the rest. The ships of your
day must have been very dangerous and
cumbersome compared to ours. Many years
ago our scientists discovered that gravity
is only an electrical phenomenon and
soon found a way to counteract it. Without
the earth’s pull against the ship—for the
nullifying current passing through the metal
hull makes the plane slightly lighter than
the air it displaces—there is no inertia to
overcome in taking off. And there is little
danger of accident while the current is on.
Here is our power source.”

  While answering she moved aside a panel
in the wall of the cabin and I saw many
batteries connected in relays. I was amazed
at their smallness. They were all about the
size of an ordinary book and of the same
general shape. I was becoming accustomed
to the amazing efficiency of this new world,
however, and I realized at once that these
small batteries were many times as efficient
as the cumbersome and wasteful affairs to
which I was accustomed.

  “They contain a great deal of power?” I
asked.

  “Yes,” she replied. “More than we are
ever likely to use. The gravity destroyer
uses remarkably little current and our mot-
ors use very little more. Every bit is
translated into action.”

  The old man roused himself from his
reverie and spoke, half to himself.

  “There is nothing wasted today. We are
efficient above all else.” There was a bit-
terness in his tone that spoke volumes and
strengthened my half-formed guess that the
232

WONDER STORIES

 new world was not so much of a Utopia
 after all.

   As I pondered, we were winging our way
 toward the city. My mind was a seething
 mass of unspoken questions, all clamoring
 for utterance. The dismay, the sense of
 utter helplessness that had gripped me when
 I first realized my translation to this new
 era, had given way to an intense curiosity
 about the new life that faced me.

   I was conscious of no regrets over the
 sudden termination of my former existence.

 I realized that there were no ties binding
 me to the past. I looked at my beautiful
 companion and felt a warm glow suffuse
 me. For all its strangeness, my new des-
 tiny offered many pleasant possibilities.. I
 permitted myself to lapse into roseate
 dreams.

  “Look!” Leda was pointing downward
 through the glass panel in the floor.

   Then I saw the city, and I caught my
 breath as I tried to comprehend its vastness.
 Lit with a glow that seemed to illuminate
 every corner, turning the night into day,
 the city reared its head seemingly to the
 very stars. We were flying at an altitude
 of several thousand feet yet it appeared to
 me that we must inevitably strike the tops 1
 of some of the enormous buildings. \

   The structures were breath-taking in their
 magnitude. I had seen pictures of the pyra-
 mids and these huge piles of masonry
 brought them vividly to my mind. Yet I
 realized that the greatest of the Egyptian
 monuments would seem as an anthill/in com-
 parison.

 AS we neared the city, I was able to see
 the architecture more clearly. Each
 building seemed as if built in the manner
 , of a child’s house of blocks, each block
 being placed upon the other and each one
 smaller than the one it rested upon. Start-
 ing with a base several thousand feet square,
 the building rose straight in the air to the
 height of thirty or more stories. Then a
 set-back and the building rose another
 thirty or so stories. Another set-back and
 more floors; and thus, after other series of
 set-backs and stories, the building ended in
 a great flat roof where many air vessels

were constantly landing or taking off while
others were parked in regular rows around
the roof’s edge.

  Although the buildings varied in height,
the lowest levels or setbacks of all were
even, and these levels were connected by
wide highways, joining each building with
its neighbors. As we drew closer I saw
that there were not so very many of the
great structures, an even hundred of them
as I learned later, but they were arranged
in regular rows three hundred or more feet
apart.

  Besides the highway levels, they were
connected by threads of metal which my
companions identified as the tracks of the
monorail cars that carried the people about
the city. I could see the traffic passing
between the buildings on the many levels.
There were little blurs that I knew were
pedestrians and thousands of vehicles, some *
small, others large, which I knew were mot-
or cars, although they had changed until
almost unrecognizable. These too were run
entirely by tiny but powerful electric mot-
ors.

  I looked in vain for the trees and grass,
the parks and boulevards that had been Chi-
ago’s proudest boast in the early days of
the twentieth century. As we hovered over
the city, it seemed a wilderness of concrete—
or its modern equivalent. Yet the vast
buildings, their orderly arrangement and
the stern vertical lines of their windowless
sides, held something of beauty that was
unknown to the sprawling, growing city I
remembered. Gone were the slums, the
sordid ugly patches, the smoky grime of fac-
tories and railroads. The city, for all the
mammoth proportions of its buildings, oc-
cupied but a fraction of its former size.

  As I watched the unending flow of traf-
fic, fascinated by its orderly pattern as
well as the swiftness of its pace, a deep bell
note sounded through the roar of the city.
It was a clear, though low-pitched sound,
and it reverberated through the canyons of
the city, reaching us, high as we were above
it.

  “What was that?” I asked.

  “The bell,” the girl replied. “When it
sounds, all activity ceases in the city and
REBELLION — 5000 A. D.!

233

the sleep period begins. In half an hour
all lights will be turned off and there will
be* absolute darkness for eight hours. ”

   I watched the streets rapidly clearing of
 traffic. Airplanes, like homing pigeons
 were fluttering to rest on the tops of the
 buildings. In a very few minutes the city
 grew quieter and fewer sounds floated up
 to us. The hum of busy humanity, that had
 sounded to us like the buzzing of innum-
 erable bees died down to a gentle murmur.

   “In a few moments all will be silent,”
Jon Ley remarked.

   But even as he spoke the noise increased
 and out of the buildings poured the people.
 A hum of conversation reached us, high as
 we were. The tide of human beings in-
 creased until the streets were black with
 massed citizenry. The girl turned to Ley.
 [ “What has happened? They have never
 defied the law thus. All should be in their
 sleeping rooms for the lights will be turned
 off very soon. Do you suppose . . . .?”
 Even as she spoke, we heard the triumph-
 ant notes of the chant sounded by the mul-
 titude. It had sounded loud and joyous as
 . we had heard it in the Dunes but now, hurl-
 ed to the heavens by a host of voices, it de-
 fied description. A tremendous, exultant
 volume of sound that rose like the crest of
 a wave, sweeping everything before it.

   I felt a queer catch in my throat.

   “Is that for me?” I asked.

   The old man caught my arm in a bruis-
ing grip.

   “For you. But too soon, too soon!” he
said and his voice was strained to a hoarse
whisper. “They are undoing all of our
work. All our plans are ruined.”

LEDA gave a sharp cry of alarm and
turned to the controls, sending the
plane soaring upward into the blackness of
the night. Out of the north, huge ships
were winging their way swiftly toward the
city. Each bore a great searchlight on the
bow which sent dazzling beams of light far
ahead.	/

   “The guards,” she gasped. “The guards
have come.”

   The big planes hovered over the chanting
 multitudes. The song was hushed as the

 searchlights, their blinding glare cutting
 through the soft glow of the city’s illumina-
 tion, played over the crowds. Men’s voices,
 coarse and rough, spoke through great am-
 plifiers, warning the crowds back to their
 homes. The words were harsh and grating,
 and the messages were liberally sprinkled
 with vile and obscene epithets. I squirmed
 at some of the coarser thrusts and glanced
 at Leda. Her face^set in hard lines and
 anger shone in the glances she flashed at the
 planes of the guards.

  The crowd hesitated, silently, for a mo-
ment. Then the chant broke out again and
spread until it hurled defiance to authority
in the fierceness of the singing.

  “They are defying the guards,” Leda
breathed almost inaudibly, and there was a
look of pride in her eye.

  The dazzling white lights died out and
orange beams shot from other lamps on the
guard planes.

  “The ray,” the old man muttered. “They
are using the ray.”

  Even as he spoke the beams of orange
light played over the crowds on the higher
street levels. Wherever the light struck,
people cringed and fell. The rays cut great
swaths in the packed highways and the song
wavered and died out.

  “They are beaten,” the old man cried.
“The revolt is broken and the rulers are
warned. They know by now that the Mas-
ter is with us and will be seeking him. We
must go away at once before they discover
us. To the camp.”

  The people were crowding into their
homes. The crowds on the lower levels,
seeing the rays used on the higher streets,
had stampeded in wild disorder. The up-
per terraces were deserted except for the
sprawling figures of those whom the orange
rays had struck. The white searchlights
were again in use and, even as Jon Ley
spoke, their searching fingers began to
comb the heavens.

  Leda snapped on the motor and we rose
higher, swerving and dodging to avoid the
groping pencils of light. In spite of her
skilful maneuvering, a beam struck us for
a moment and flickered over the plane be-
fore she could evade it. At once two flyers
234

WONDER STORIES

turned and mounted in our direction.

  I had thought our little ship had flown
swiftly on its trip to the city but I was
amazed at the way it now leaped forward.
The metropolis was left behind swiftly, and
the guard planes redoubled their efforts to
overtake us. Her face grim, Leda gave one
look at our pursuers and moved the speed
control still higher. The plane strained on-
ward, quivering and vibrating at the unac-
customed speed. The larger guard planes
fell rapidly astern and were hopelessly dis-
tanced but still we hurtled through the
night.

CHAPTER IV

The Retreat

I MUST have slept, for I awoke to full
consciousness as a slight jar announced
the landing of the plane. Dawn was break-
ing in the sky as we alighted from the cabin.
I breathed deeply of the fresh clean air of
the morning and felt very glad to be alive.
Leda, too, felt the beauty of the moment,
and we stood side by side watching the
changing glory of the eastern heavens. I
diew a deep breath and turned to her.

  “It’s the same old glorious earth, any
way, even if times have changed,” I laugh-
ed, “It’s a beautiful morning, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” she said, unconsciously slowing her
quick, clipped speech to something nearer
my own lazy drawl. “A new day dawns.”
She was silent and a far-away look came
into her eyes.

  “Why?” I asked, curiously, “has that
phrase I uttered on the spur of the moment
made such an impression on you and on the
others?”

  “ ‘That phrase’ as you call it has been
our watchword for centuries. It was no
accident that put those words into your
mouth, but destiny. But you will know
about it later.”

  I shrugged my shoulders carelessly. So
much would be learned in time. Mean-
while there were other questions.

  I looked over our surroundings. We
were, it seemed, on the sloping floor of a
great valley whose soil was of hard, black

mud and rank grass. From where we stood,
it sloped downward to a small stream which
flowed into a little lake, barely discerni-
ble through the trees to the south. Swamp
grass, and reeds grew everywhere. Gnarled
willow trees drooped their heads in the
valley and on the shores of the stream. On
the higher land, beyond the point where
we stood, were other trees, some giants that
were decades old.

  Under one of the latter, not far from us,
stood a small frame building, perfectly
square and rudely constructed. Into this
hut the old man had gone.

  “Where are we?” I asked.

  “In the Great Valley.”

  “And that river?”

  “The Mississippi.”

  I looked again at the quiet stream that
had once been the turbulent Father of Wat-
ers. Then, as never before, I realized how
new the whole world was to me. Many a
time I had ridden in the steamboats that
one plowed upstream against its swift cur-
rent. Often I had fished in it and had twice
attempted to swim its more than a mile of
width. I had seen it in flood time—a great
sea of muddy brown water, stretching miles
wide, roaring down the valley and sweeping
everything before it, leaving death and des-
truction in its wake.

  “You find it greatly changed?” Leda ask-
ed, fathoming my thoughts.

  I told her of the river I had known—a
vast artery that carried the commerce of a
wide and fertile region, a link in the Great
Lakes-to-GuIf waterway. She explained its
change.

  “The World Catastrophe made many
changes in this country and the springs
which feed it to the north are slowly drying
up. I have seen ancient pictures of it when
it was a mighty river, and it must have been
a truly marvelous sight. We have few
boats today. Those that we have are but
gilded pleasure boats for the rulers and
freight ships that carry heavy cargoes on
the Great Lakes.”

  Jon Ley came to the door of the cabin and
called. We entered the rude structure and
found breakfast waiting us—the first meal
in my new life. I felt quite hungry and
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

235

laughingly remarked that going three thou-
sand years without a meal gave one a hearty
appetite.

  We had fruit—oranges of great size and
of a pleasant taste, with very thin skins and
no seeds. Then eggs, toast and a beverage
that was clearly a coffee substitute. It was
not unpleasant to the taste, but to one hav-
ing my preference for strong black coffee,
it seemed weak and insipid.

  “You do not have coffee?” I asked.

  “No. We honor the tradition of the
breakfast cup but coffee has not been used
for centuries. This is made of grain.”

  “I am afraid I will require some time to
grow accustomed to it,” I smiled. “But the
eggs are very good. The hens have not
changed in all this time.”

AFTER breakfast, much to my surprise,
I was presented with a small box of
cigarettes. I lit one with some curiosity,
wondering what changes had been wrought
in the fragrant weed. They seemed very
mild and quite aromatic, and I exhaled the
smoke through my nostrils with keen en-
joyment.

  “It is the one vice that seems to have per-
sisted,” Jon Ley remarked, noting my sat-
isfaction. “They are perfectly harmless,
however. By scientific effort, nicotine and
other more or less harmful elements have
been removed and tobacco is now enjoyed
by all ages of both sexes.”

  Settled comfortably in the deep cushioned
chair, I turned my thoughts again toward
my own position. The many questions that
had been surging through my mind during
the past few hours, crowded to my lips.
Surely there would not be a more favorable
opportunity than this to secure some infor-
mation about this strange new world and
the part I was to play in it. I turned to
Ley.

  “Now will you tell me,” I demanded,
“why I was expected in an era that is so far
from my own in time that the very thought
of my being here is ridiculous and impos-
sible? Where have I been for three thou-
sand years that they seem but a few hours
removed from the moment I lost conscious-
ness in my own era? And why did the peo-

ple chant their weird song? What was the
significance of the battle in the city streets?
Who is it that you fear—who'are we now
hiding from?”

  The old man smiled at my impetuous
questions.

  “Patience, my son,” he said. “It is a
long story and I must go back many thou-
sands of years to the beginning. As to how
you came here, that I know not. Call it
fate, destiny, what you will. Even in your
time, I believe, there were those who claim-
ed all time to be relative and debated the
possibilities of travel in that medium. Quite
evidently you have proved such a thing
possible, although even the most advanced
of our scientists, who died centuries ago,
failed to discover the secret.”

  I lit another cigarette and, with a smile
toward Leda, settled myself to listen.

  “The story I must tell is the history of the
civilized world, which is a tale of progress
and recession, cataclysm and rebuilding,
peace and war. It is a tale of the futile
struggle of man against every obstacle that
nature, destiny and man himself could raise
against the march of progress. I will skip
the eons of man’s climb from the lower ani-
mals, since you are doubtless familiar with
its phases, and our time is limited. It cul-
minated thousands of years ago, eighteen
thousand, in fact, in a highly developed
civilization on the old continent of Atlantis.
The progressive, industrious and adventurous
Atlantians spread over the known world,
bearing their civilization and culture to the
farthest reaches of the earth.

  “Then at the height of their power, came
the cataclysm that plunged their country
beneath the ocean. The great colonies in
Europe, Africa and the Americas, complete-
ly exiled by the catastrophe, allowed their
civilization to languish or were conquered
by barbarian tribes and exterminated. So
man’s onward march was stayed for centur-
ies.”

  “There were many in my own time,” I
said, “who believed the legends of lost At-
lantis. They claimed that the destruction
of the island was the true source of the
story of the Biblical flood.”

  “They were right,” he replied. “In the
236

WONDER STORIES

year 2954 a great cataclysm changed the
map of the world and raised a huge portion
of the ancient land above the sea. Excava-
tions by the scientists brought to light evi-
dences of a civilization exceeding all pre-
vious conceptions.

  “But to continue my story. After the
downfall of Atlantis, the world stagnated
and culture languished. The climb out of
the gulf of barbarism was achieved only af-
ter some thousands of years of painful ef-
fort. Not until the nineteenth and twen-
tieth centuries did the earth regain its for-
mer peaks of advancement’. Then inven-
tions flourished and actual progress was
made at a rapid rate. You annihilated dis-
tance and time, music and letters and art
flourished, science probed nature’s deepest
hidden secrets.”

The Story of the Cataclysm

4l‘\/r0U know much of our times. Do
X all folks of this present era know
as much of us?” I asked.

  “Only a few. I have long been a student
of the olden days. There are only a few
books still in existence that deal with your
era. Most of them have been destroyed
long ago. Those of us who own such books
keep them well hidden.”

  “And the people of today? What do the
great masses know of our times?”

  “Nothing. Their conception of history
is vague and indefinite. The government
schools teach them only a little—most of it
propaganda supporting the existing order.
They have their folk tales, is it true, of the
days when men had liberty and leisure, tales
of fabulous heroes who fought personal
combats for the rights of men. In the leg-
ends you can see vestiges of men you rev-
ered: Napoleon, Washington, Bolivar, Lin-
coln, Wilson, and other men of ideals who
strove to make those ideals realities—seek-
ers of Utopia.

  “The masses have been told for over a
thousand years that Utopia has come. And
all of the time their chains are being forged
tighter.” His voice was bitter and the lines
of his jaw hardened. I said nothing and
he picked up the thread of his story.

  “In the years following your century, men
forged ahead with new strides. Television,
the monorail and its child, the monorail
rocket car annihilated distances and brought
al1. nations closer together. There was har-
mony in the world, prosperity and work for
all, with a scale of living that the world
had never known. Education, the arts and
amusements grew and developed as mach-
ines replaced manual labor and man’s leis-
ure increased.

  “Man conquered disease and the span of
life was lengthened. The population in-
creased until even the commodious earth
was crowded. The last frontier was con-
quered and the far corners of the globe
were made habitable by science. The five
hundred years following your time saw a
veritable paradise made of the world. Cities
grew to unbelievable proportions. The
earth’s wealth staggered belief.

  “Then, from too much easy living, the
people became decadent. The power of
those who controlled the colossal wealth of
the w'orld foisted weak fools in the high
places of government, incompetent men who
would not interfere in the piling up of
power by their masters. Privileges and
pillage in the sacred name of commerce
grew greater and the selfish, short-sighted
acts of the money barons brought discord
among the nations.

  “The year 2555 saw the leading civilized
nations at war, and when they were em-
broiled, the hordes of Asia struck. The
leading countries attempted to unite in de-
fense but their real power had been wasted
in their struggles against each other. The
millions of China, Russia and India swarm-
ed over the earth. Japan, progressive and
industrious kingdom of one hundred mil-
lions, was wiped out. Europe was overrun
and America attacked.

  “It was seventy long and bloody years
before the west conquered in the struggle.
And in spite of all the science and learning,
famine and pestilence swept over the world,
decimating the population. In the year
2700 there were left less than a billion peo-
ple on the earth and civilization was totter-
ing.

  “Slowly the nations began to rebuild.
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

237

Then mother earth who had slumbered for
centuries took a hand. The year 2900 saw
the beginning of a series of cataclysms al-
most unbelievable. Earthquakes of wide
and terrible destructiveness wiped out whole
cities. Tidal waves of mammoth propor-
tions swept in from the sea and great gey-
sers came out of the land as it settled and
forced the underground waters to the sur-
face.

  “Then the continents were affected and
the year 2954 saw the greatest tragedy since
the sinking of Atlantis. Overnight the
greater portion of Europe sank beneath the
sea, the millions of its peoples drowning
like rats. Only a few escaped in flyers to
tell the story. Then parts of it rose again
to unbelievable heights, and out of the At-
lantic’s depths rose the old Atlantian con-
tinent. The Northern portion of Africa
disappeared. Much of Asia vanished and
the fabulous land of Lemuria appeared
above the Pacific.

  “The Eastern portion of the American
continent was submerged and the Western
coast was broken by earthquakes and de-
populated by tidal waves. The Caribbean
sea overflowed the south and the lowlands
of Mexico. The northern portion of the
Mississippi valley rose. The South Ameri-
can Continent was broken away from North
America and became part of Atlantis, al-
though much of it rests under water.

  “In your time the greatest of earth’s cities
were located on or near the seacoasts. It
was still so before the Great Catastrophe—
and all were destroyed. In the thirty-first
century the total population of the world—
centered in the Middle West of your day,
the highlands of Asia, the islands that rep-
resent what is left of Europe, and the dark
hinterlands of Africa and South America—
numbered no more than a hundred mil-
lions.”

CHAPTER V
A Transformed World

1SAT silent, as he paused in his narrative,
appalled by this tale of holocaust and
world destruction. It was unbelievable, in-
credible.

  “One hundred millions!” I repeated stup-
idly. “Why that is less than the population
of America as I knew it. And India alone
had more than three times that number. But
there are more than that in the world today,
are there not?”

  “We haven’t come to the modern world
yet,” he smiled. “But imagine the situation
of this remnant of the earth’s peoples, hav-
ing seen their civilization, their neighbors,
everything they owned or valued swept to
oblivion. Awed, horror-stricken, they lived
in terror for generations, never knowing
when they, too, would suffer a like fate.
Communication among the remnants of the
nations was lost. The will to progress was
gone. Excesses of all kinds flourished.

  “The handful of people remaining were
stripped of nearly all semblance of culture
and became again superstition ridden. Those
who lived refused to bring children into a
dying world; and the birth rate fell. Out-
lying countries, weaker in moral stature
from the beginning, returned to their prim-
itive gods and reverted to semi-savagery.
Only the remnant of America, that had es-
caped the worst of the tragedy, and Central
Canada clung to the outward semblances of
civilization.

  “But the year 3135 or thereabouts saw
sanity returning. The inner forces of the
earth had sunk again to slumber and our
people began to rebuild. Slowly they re-
vived the old arts and sciences, and began
to develop new ones. They discovered the
secret of gravity control and a new era of
efficiency dawned. Motors were developed
and perfected that would do a maximum of
work at a minimum of power.' Machinery
rose to its former place of importance. By
the year 4000, we had reached and passed
the previous ages in physical attainments.

  “The population had increased but slow-
ly., however, and was entirely centered in
five great cities, as it is at the present time.
The science of chemistry had reached its
highest peak aftd nearly all human wants
were supplied synthetically. Many new
foods were evolved from grains, and the
only animals in the land were domestic
stock kept for food purposes or as pets.

  “Fast air transportation eliminated the
238

WONDER STORIES

need for farms and small towns. All the
grain, fruit and vegetables needed by the
people were grown on the land within a
hundred miles of each city. Those who
labored in the soil went out each morning
and returned each night. Those who work-
ed in the factories and the laboratories
never left the city.

  “A few spots such as the spot where you
awoke—the old Dunes—were set aside as
recreation centers and parks. The rest of
the continent was left to nature, and today
is only a wilderness, as virgin as when the
ancient red men owned it. Trees and vines
have overgrown the ruins of the once great
cities. Herds of wild cattle, horses, pigs,
sheep and dogs, the progeny of those who
escaped the cataclysm, roamed the prairies,
that once were farms. A few semi-savage
tribes, descendants of negroes, Mexican In-
dians, and a few of whites who survived
destruction in the Ozark and Kentucky-
Tennessee mountains, are still reported to
exist. The rest of the world is much the
same. A few cities are supposed to remain
in Europe, but I doubt if more than a hand-
ful of people today know of their existence.”

  “Then,” I said, making an effort to grasp
the import of what I had heard, “the entire
known world, the sum total of civilization,
is in the five cities of this continent?”

  He nodded agreement.

  “Of course, the geography of the world
is known—or something of it. In the forty-
first century scientists and students made
efforts to discover something about our new
earth. In great air cruisers, they flew over
the whole world, making maps, visiting the
far corners, cataloging the flora and fauna.
But, remember, over a thousand years had
passed since the Great Catastrophe, and the
inhabitants of the new lands had grown
away from even the traditions of their old
life. The expeditions were unfavorably re-
ceived, several were wiped out in Africa
and Lemuria, and others to Asia and South
America were never heard from. The At-
lantian expeditions found a fertile land and
many archeological treasures but no inhabi-
tants.

  “And you must remember that each of the
five cities had become an independent en-

tity. Each produced everything it needed
and there was no reason to exploit or even
explore the new lands.”

  “But if that was done nine hundred years
ago, surely you have progressed since then,”
I remarked. I was slowly growing accus-
tomed to thinking in terms of hundreds and
thousands of years. “You must have a
great deal of time for study and research.”

LEDA who had listened silently to the
old man’s story, laughed. It was a sad
little laugh.

  “But we have not progressed,” she said.
“We have gone far since then,” Jon Ley
agreed, “but in the wrong direction. The
people of the present era are very down-
trodden. And there is no incentive.”
“What are the five cities of today?” I
asked, curiously.

  “Chicago is the largest, with about thirty-
two millions. Sanpall is next with twenty-
eight millions. Then Winnipeg with fifteen,
Lansing with twelve and Demoyne with eight
millions, respectively,” Leda answered me.
I did a little mental arithmetic.

  “Then there are only ninety-five million
people in civilized America?” I asked.

  “Yes,” she replied. “And all of them are
located in an area of a few hundred thou-
sand square miles.”

  “But doesn’t the population show any in-
crease?”

  “No. The birth rate is watched very
carefully. Only enough children are born
to replace those who die.”

  John Ley took up the narrative.

  “As our cities had grown and our civili-
zation progressed, our liberties were re-
stricted. When the great cities were first
planned and built there were some who
preached communal ownership of all pro-
perty and of all industries. But human
nature, greed and ambition dominated. The
great majority wished the thrill of owning
private property and the continuation of the
monetary system, little thinking that they
were selling their descendants into slavery.

  “The inevitable happened as the centuries
passed: given a restricted amount of wealth
among a certain number of people, soon all
will be in the hands of a few. Thus it was
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

239

with us. There arose a class who lived by
capital alone, who were the owners and who
reaped the rewards of the labor of others.
This class grew more and more powerful
as generation succeeded generation and for-
tunes grew greater and greater. Those with
small fortunes grew fewer while the fac-
tories, the property, the laboratories and the
fields became the property of the rich. The
masses of the population, entirely dependant
on the products of the factories and the
plantations, were completely at the mercy
of those who owned them.

  “Inevitably those with unlimited capital
became the absolute rulers of the country.
The lawmakers, though for a time elected
by popular vote, became only puppets who
worked in the interests of their masters. And
now, even those have given way to a here-
ditary council of twelve men who control
or own the entire wealth of the five cities.

  “This council makes our laws, dictates
our comings and goings, hires the guards
who govern us. Today we have no more
liberty than the black slaves of your ancient
cotton fields.”

  “Yet you seem an enlightened people,
physically sound, mentally alert, and cer-
tainly able to visualize and carry out an
energetic defense of your liberties and
rights!” I exclaimed. “I cannot conceive
of passive acceptance of such a condition.”

  “You do not grasp the picture,” the old
man reminded me. “Remember this did
not come to pass in a year or two or in a
hundred years but is the result of over a
thousand. Think how much happened be-
tween your own day and the times of the
crusades and you will have a better idea of
the time it took and the psychological
changes that occurred. Remember, too,
that each generation was born to fewer pri-
vileges and pleasures. The change was
very gradual.

  “The industries started as stock compan-
ies in which many people owned shares,
some in vast apartment buildings, some in
power plants, some in the newspapers, the
laboratories and factories, while some own-
ed land on which they raised meat and grain.
But, as always happens, many people could
not hold their stock and were forced to sell

it. And in this way the few gained control
to pass it on to their descendants.

  “Then the long arm of capital reached
into the schoolroom and into the nursery,
rewriting the textbooks, praising the existing
order of things through their self-owned
newspapers, periodicals and television sta-
tions. They strengthened their hold in ev-
ery conceivable manner. Invention, ex-
ploration, political economy, everything
that threatened their grip on the people was
discouraged and later forbidden by law.

  “Today the Council of Twelve, with their
families, relatives and dependant supporters
number less than two thousand, yet they
hold in peonage ninety-five million people.
Every man of the masses has his work to do
and each receives a salary proportionate to
his services. Out of this he must pay for
light, heat, clothing, amusement and taxes.
Standardized scales of living are prescribed
by law, and at the end of each year a man
finds himself with .... nothing, regard-
less of the size of his income.”

  “But what of doctor’s bills and other mis-
cellaneous expenses?”

  “These services are furnished him and his
family at government dispensaries, free of
charge when necessary. In case of death,
his body is disposed of at the city crema-
tory. His two children that the law allows
him, are born in government hospitals and
are educated at government schools, each
being educated according to the station and
occupation of his parents.”

  “In other words, a caste system prevails?”
“Practically that, although it is possible
for those who show great inherent talent for
different lines from those of their parents
to be placed in the positions they are best
fitted for.”

  “And the aged . . . .”

  “Are cared for at the expense of the gov-
ernment after they are released from em-
ployment at the age of eighty.”

  “At eighty? But a man is feeble* at that
age!”

  “No more. They have increased the av- ,
erage span of life to 110 years and' some
live a great deal longer. Few of the work-
ers, however, care to do so. They are burn-
ed out when they leave their labors and
240

WONDER STORIES

soon fail. Work today is not as you knew
it. Day after day, for sixty years, the fac-
tory worker sits before the machine he op-
erates, his eye on a clock4 pressing a lever
or a button at regular intervals. It is the
drab monotony that eats out their souls while
yet in the prime of life. They become auto-
matons, robots, and without their work they
die.”

Regrets

THE old man’s voice relapsed into si-
lence, and I sat musing over the per-
plexities of this strange new world. Sitting
at the breakfast table and smiling into the
laughing eyes of Leda, I had felt at home,
among friends, on familiar ground. In the
light of what I had just heard, I knew that
I was among strangers, as far out of touch
with their life and civilization as if my jour-
ney had been through space to another
planet.

  I considered the story from all angles.
Part of it I accepted without question. The
great wars? We had had one in my own
time that had embroiled the civilized nations
of earth with horrible loss of life and enor-
mous destruction of property. And out of
it had come the epidemic of influenza that,
in spite of all medical science could do, had
killed more Americans than the war.

  I could not doubt his tale of geographi-
cal changes and natural catastrophes that
had wiped out whole continents. We, too,
had had destructive earthquakes, tidal
waves, and volcanic eruptions. Islands had
been created in the empty sea, or had sunk
below the water even in the nineteenth and
twentieth centuries. Who could say what
might not happen in over three thousand
years?

  But I could not grasp the changes in hu-
man nature that seemed to have taken place.
In that, I found my mind unable to encom-
pass the changes in viewpoint that had taken
place through the centuries. My own view-
point was still that of 1931 when men were
liberty loving, and—although civilization
and the pressure of growing population had
brought necessary restrictions—personal
freedom was still jealously guarded. But

there would be time to study man’s psycho-
logical evolution later.

  I turned to the old man.

  “What is your position in this new scheme
of things? And Leda’s?”

  “We are not of the workers nor are we of
the rulers. Ours is a unique position. We
are independents who have inherited small
fortunes that have escaped assimilation by
the great ones. Our ancestors profited by
the mistakes of others and lived well within
their incomes. As a result we are able to
live without labor yet our scale of living is
but little better than that of the workers.
We are not molested by the Council as long
as we do not violate the laws—at least open-
ly,” he chuckled.

  “You mean. . . .?”

  “Well, there are some very peculiar laws,”
he replied. “No one is permitted to study
except under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of Education, and then only from
textbooks authorized and approved by the
Education Committee of the Council. Of
course, these textbooks are pure propagan-
da; everything pertaining to ancient history
that might reflect against the existing order
or create rebellion has been censored.

  “No one can study the sciences, astrono-
my, chemistry, physics, geography, geology
or their branches except those in the official
laboratories. Sociology, psychology, and
philosophy are legally banned and almost
fcrgotten. Research work of any kind is
discouraged and today the alleged scientists
in the laboratories are little more than drug
clerks who compound old formulas. There
has been no new invention for over five hun-
dred years!

  “But I am a lawbreaker, none the less,”
he admitted, continuing. yuI have inherited
a library of the old books and texts which
I keep safely hidden and study as I please.
These I have supplemented with others, sal-
vaged from old ruins in the days of my
yc.uth. There are only a handful of inde-
pendents, and our goings and comings are
never scrutinized closely. We may leave the
cities if we choose, since we own our own
planes.”

  “Can’t the workers ever leave the cities?”

  “They are supposed to stay in them, ex-
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

241

cept on the holidays when they may go to
the parks and recreation centers where the
games are played. Indeed, they have no
way of leaving the cities since they are not
allowed to own planes; and the monorail
lines only traverse the city and extend to
the parks. Motor cars are small and are
used only in the cities as there are no roads
t-> ride on outside the city limits.”

  I turned back to some of my original
questions.

  “But where do I came in? Why was I
expected? Surely you cannot trace to any
records of my disappearance in the past.”

  He smiled at my flood of questions and
answered the last one first.

  “I am sure that it was not that. From
what you have told me you were simply
translated through time, leaving no trace
behind. Your friends would simply mourn
your disappearance as an inexplicable mys-
tery. Your relatives might have made some
search for you but, from what I have read
of your times, disappearances were common
occurrences.”

  NODDED in agreement.

  “But I had no relatives and only a few
friends of the most casual type. They may
have wondered at my disappearance, but I
am afraid they made little effort to find
me.”

  I grinned to myself as I thought that, ac-
cording to my own conception of the time
that had passed—a matter of hours only—
my friends at the college were even then
searching for me, while to Jon Ley and
Leda, in the same room with me, the people
I called contemporaries had been dead and
fcrgotten three thousand years.

  “And was there no maid to mourn you?”
Leda asked, slyly. .

  “None at all,” I assured her. “I had lit-
tle time for them.”

  “You must have been very busy.” And
I detected a hint of laughter in her tone.
“What did you do that was so all-import-
ant?”

  “I was a student,” I confessed. “And in
those days the ones who really studied had
little time for other things. You see our
lives were shorter, we had fewer years of

  active life, and there was so much that could
be learned. Now I find myself in a new
age where all I learned is useless. I know
less of the world you know than one of your
school children.”

  “No. You cannot say that,” she cried.
“You knew a world that was highly com-
petitive, where a man could carve out his
own destiny. You know things of life such
as we never dreamed of. I have studied
my great grandfather’s books and I think
your days were part of the true golden era.”
Jon Ley also encouraged me.

  “You know many things that mankind has
forgotten through the years. As to why
you came here, I do not know. Perhaps fate
or destiny directed you; perhaps chance or
accident. You are here, however, and there
is none who knows how to send you back,
even if we would let you go.”

  I looked at Leda and smiled as she color-
ed slightly:

  “I have no wish to go back,” I said. “But
what will be my position here?”

  “The people as a whole are satisfied with
their lot,” the old man replied. “They
ki-ow no better and their fathers before them
knew no better. Nor have they been taught
to conceive of better things. But there are
some who are discontented and dissatisfied.
They have kept alive the old tradition of
universal equality in spite of the efforts of
the council to eradicate all doctrines of the
old eras.

  “And among their folk tales, handed down
by word of mouth from father to son, is one
that tells of the coming of a man from the
distant past who will deliver them from their
slavery. I think myself, that it is a rem-
nant of the old belief in the second coming
of Christ; but since the death of religion
among the masses, it has been distorted into
a legend of one who will deliver them from
the physical oppression of the Council.”
“And you believe that I am the man pick-
ed by destiny to act this part?” I asked.

  “I do not know,” he replied. “Because
of my years I am venerated by the workers.
I have fostered the belief among them, think-
ing that it did no harm and that the geirm of
hope served to lighten their burdens. This
sign I bear,” touching the silver ornament
242

WONDER STORIES

  that dangled from his girdle, “is the symbol
of those who believe. I have become the
priest of this—their only religion.

  “The Council—thinking our cult a harm-
less reversion to faith—have tolerated us as
a group of visionaries. But with your
dramatic coming, filling as it does the con-
ditions of the ancient prophecy, and my ac-
ceptance of you as the expected leader,
makes us a menace to their supremacy.
Should the agents of the Council lay their
h&nds on you your life would not be worth
a moment’s purchase.”

  I received the news, that I was virtually
a fugitive with a price on my head, in si-
lence. Jon Ley continued.

  “That is why we hurried you frOm the
city area at once when the ill-timed revolt
broke out. Now that they are warned that
one has really come out of the past, they
will be doubly on their guard.”

  “Oh!” I said rather stupidly and puffed
hard on my cigarette. My role in this new
drama was decidedly not to be one of mere
spectator. Then a new idea struck me.

  “But what if I don’t choose to be a fifty-
first century Moses? If I tell the truth—
that I am only an accidental visitor who
asks, nothing but peace—will the people and
the Council not believe me? And the cred-
ulous ones go on waiting for their real
Messiah?”

  A look of disappointment flashed over
his wrinkled face and he shook his head.

  “I’m afraid it would do no good. The
story has gone about now and the rulers
would think it a trick to gain time. And
even if it were believed, the disillusionment
oJ the people who have hailed you as the
‘Master’ would be a cruel blow.”

  “Well . ...” I made a sudden decision.
“I will do my part to help them. Let.them
know I am no god, however, but only a hu-
man being who will help them to the utmost
of his ability in their fight for liberty.”
The old man’s face glowed and Leda’s
eyes sparkled with excitement. I extended
my hands across the little table and each
took one in silence but the way they returned
the pressure of my fingers brought a lump
to my throat.

  “And now that I have accepted my fate,”

I said decisively, “there are many things to
be done. I do not intend to take a passive
part in the affair. If I am to be a leader
I will be one in fact not in theory.”

CHAPTER VI
The Conspirators

FOUR nights later we climbed into the
plane and took off into the darkness
toward Chicago, under the gleaming stars.
The constellations, though familiar, were
slightly altered from how I had remember-
ed them. All had shifted position. A few
had disappeared. But I wasted little time
on astronomy for my thoughts were entire-
ly on the stirring events that were already
shaping around us.

  Although Jon Ley had admitted his own
skepticism concerning the coming of a de-
liverer out of the past—his followers be-
lieved passionately and whole-heartedly in
the fulfilment of the prophecy. The year
5080 had been the ordained date of the de-
liverance, and my sudden arrival seemed
the answer to many centuries of expectation.
And my aged mentor, I knew, was deter-
mined to take full advantage of the situa-
tion.

  I learned that plans had been formulated
for the successful staging of a revolt, but
they had been kept secret through many
decades, waiting the coming of the “Mas-
ter”. They had been clever schemes, too,
and given the element of surprise, they had
a fair chance of success.

  The old man and his board of strategy
had counted to a great extent on the con-
tempt of the guards for the masses. Over-
powering their enemies by sheer force of
numbers, the revolutionaries had planned to
gain control of the guards’ planes and the
deadly, paralyzing orange ray. Now that
the time for action bad arrived, the police
were on the alert. The premature demon-
stration on the night of my arrival had fore-
warned them of the temper of the workers.
The officials would take no chance of losing
control of their weapons by any surprise
move on our part.

  I had learned from Leda and Jon that
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

24-3

other weapons were unknown. Firearms
had died out soon after my own era while
their use and even their existence had long
been forgotten. In the great wars, gas, fire
and electric wave projectors had played an
important part in destroying humanity; but
even the secret of these weapons had died
out. The only war instruments, centered in
the hands of law and order, were the orange
ray projectors on the guard planes. In-
deed, there had been no need for lethal
weapons. Crime, through strict application
of the death penalty, had died out except
for infrequent minor infractions of the num-
erous laws. There were no enemies left to
challenge the supremacy of the cities. The
half-starved wandering hordes that inhabi-
ted the wilderness kept their distance.

  I had inquired concerning the weapons of
these nomadic tribes, but my companions
knew little about them. Clubs, rude spears
and even ruder bows and arrows apparently
served their needs. Any help from them
was quite out of the question.

  None the less, as we sped through the
night, I was occupied with the problem of
arming my supporters. In making my de-
cision, although I did not regard myself as
their promised deliverer, I had resolved to
lead them until their rebellion had been suc-
cessful or had failed utterly. If the for-
mer, I could turn over the power to a suc-
cessor elected by the people. If we failed
—well, I could visualize the outcome. My
reward would be the age-old penalty for
leaders of unsuccessful revolts—death.

  A word from Leda warned me that we
were approaching the city. I made up my
mind hastily. We must have guns of some
type or other. I cursed my own lack of
curiosity back in the old days wh^ii I could
so easily have studied the intricacies of fire-
arms. Like so many others, I had accepted
rifles, revolvers and cartridges as matters
of course. Like the majority of boys, I had
made gunpowder, sub Tosa, in the high
school laboratory when I was supposed to
be making up back experiments in chemis-
try. I remembered its constituents and be-
lieved, with a little experimenting, I could
find the right proportions of the ingredients.

  A sudden thought struck me. Even if I

succeeded in making arms of some type, I
would have no time to teach marksmanship
to my “army”. But there was one type of
weapon that needed no experienced eye—
the riot guns, sawed off shotguns used by
both gangsters and police of my own day
with telling effect. I was confident that I
could design a shotgun of sorts. And cer-
tainly there must be artisans in metal among
the rebels. With their help, I decided, it
would be possible.

  The humming of the motor suddenly
ceased and we hung over the darkened city.
The great bell had sounded over an hour
ago and all lights had been turned off. The
immense buildings, with their sleeping mil-
lions, loomed gigantic in the darkness. My
first glimpse of them had been amazing
enough but, because of the disturbance in
the streets, I had not studied them carefully.
As I peered out into the blackness, I tried to
trace their solid lines, with the network of
streets connecting the different levels far
below us. A beam of light was visible, feel-
ing its way among the great structures. I
turned questionably to my companions.

  “The guards’ plane,” Leda answered my
unspoken query.

WE continued to hang motionless at our
great height, while the guards made
their leisurely inspection. Another beam of
light to the west showed that more than one
ship was patrolling the city streets. While
we watched, the plane turned slowly toward
the north. Silently as a withered leaf it
began to descend. Directly below us was
the flat roof of a building. With infinite
caution Leda maneuvered our craft until it
settled softly to the roof. I rose to leave
the cabin.

  “Wait,” Jon Ley cautioned.

  For some moments we listened intently
to make sure that our arrival had passed
unnoticed. Hearing nothing to indicate the
approach of the guards, I followed my com-
panions down a flight of steps into the in-
terior of the building. Here we found an
elevator that whirled us swiftly and silently
past tfce hundred or more floors to the
basement.

  We left the car, traversed a short corri-
241

WONDER STORIES

dor and entered a small room after Ley had
unlocked the door with a key from the
pocket of his tunic.

  “Who?” a voice challenged us in a rasp-
ing whisper.	>

  “Jon Ley.”

  “The Master is with you?” a different
vcice inquired.

  “He is here.”

  At once the room was flooded with light
from a small lamp on the table and I look-
ed about me. Besides my two companions,
eight other people were grouped about the
small room, six men and two women. They
greeted me gravely.

  “Hail, Master!” said one in the rasping
voice that had first greeted us. I extended
my hand and as he came forward to grasp
ir, I took stock of him. I am no child,
standing almost two inches over six feet
and weighing more than two hundred
pounds. But he towered a good three inches
over me and must have outweighed me thir-
ty pounds. His yellow hair waved rebel-
liously backward from a fine forehead, and
his grey-blue eyes looked into my own
green ones with steely directness. The great
muscles bulged in his bare forearms and his
square jaw was set in a determined mould.
He would have been handsome but for a
red scar that zigzagged across his left cheek
from eye to mouth. He clasped my hand
reverently in both of his and a look of
something akin to awe appeared - on his
features.

  Another man approached, a- smaller,
stockier man whose hair gleamed red in
the light. He, too, was well-developed and
his fine features broke into a smile as I ex-
tended my other hand to him.

  Dik Steel, Ley explained to me wras the
name of the giant and the smaller man was
Lon Mede. Others came up and were pre-
sented to me. Lee Sale, the young doc-
toi who had found me and brought me to
Dunes Park and the care of Ley; Don
Wolf, slender as a lathe and giving the
impression of rapierlike strength; Wil
Gore, a studious appearing young man
whose stained hands told of work in the
laboratories; and Ben Duse, big and silent,

whose copper-tinted skin, black hair and
eyes, and high cheek bones told of Indian
blood that had persisted through many gen-
erations. The two women were the wives
of Mede and Stele.

  Introductions over, I repeated my pledge
that I would lead them, and their cause
would be my cause until success was won
or all hope gone. Dik Stele, who seemed
the acknowledged leader of the group, an-
swered me.

  “God or man, it is enough for us that you
are here as the old saga foretold. We be-
lieve you were sent to help us and will
follow you to death.”

  He resumed his seat on the great bench
and the others murmured their assent. We
talked of the cause and I found my forces
comprised some twenty-five thousand work-
ers of various grades, and their wives and
families, bringing the total in the neighbor-
hood of 55,000 people, all pledged to the
dream of liberty. The six were the leaders
and Jon Ley had ruled as a regent until
the coming of the leader.

  “What of the great mass of the people?"
I asked.

  “They will swing into line,” Stele an-
swered. “We have limited ourselves to
those we were sure of, people who are bet-
ter educated than the average and who have
kept alive the old traditions with this as
our standard.”

  From inside his tunic, he brought forth
a faded, time-worn bundle and shook it
forth—a small American flag, the red of
its stripes still gleaming bravely. I fingered
the banner tenderly and, seeing fully sixty-
four stars in the small blue field, realized
that it must have been made many years
after my own era. The extra stars? Canad-
ian provinces, perhaps, and Mexican states
that might have joined the union in -the dim
past. Or new states carved out of territories
and old state boundaries.

  “In hoc signo vinces ” I murmured.

  “You said .... ?” Stele asked.

  “In this sign conquer,” I translated. “Let
this be our banner. It was once a pledge of
liberty to the oppressed of the world. Let
it wave again over our cause.”
REBELLION

THEN came the question of weapons
and I outlined my plans for con-
structing them. Here I found Mede and
Stele of invaluable aid, as the former was
a metal artisan and a designer while the
latter was superintendent in one of the
great foundries. We pored over the rude
sketches I had made and I explained the
nature and purpose of shotguns. Mede
quickly grasped the technicalities of con-
struction and agreed to work out the de-
sign. Stele felt certain, as he was compar-
atively free from supervision, that the guns
could be made in his foundry using help
that was loyal. There were machines al-
ready in operation that would perform much
of the labor.

  Jon Ley, listening to our talk, chuckled
ir. his long white beard.

  “You are truly the Master,” he said.
“You would use the Council’s own factor-
ies to make the weapons that will overthrow
them. It is a good plan.”

  “What would you?” I replied. “There
isi not time to establish our own plants. Al-
ready the Council knows of my coming and
will look with suspicion on any movements
by a body of workers. This way we will
have good metal, efficient workers and ex-
cellent machinery at our command.”

  Next came the question of ammunition.
I knew, in a mechanical age we would be
able to secure quantities of steel ball-bear-
ings that would serve even better than the
lead shot; but the cases, with their com-
plicated construction, presented a problem.
Stele watched, asking occasional questions
as I sketched a diagram of a shell.

  “We can easily make cases of metal, al-
so, perfectly machined to fit the inside of
the guns,” he said. “But what are you
going to use to hurl them from the gun?”

  I explained how gunpowder worked. He
ncdded comprehension.

  “Wil Gore can help you there,” he said.
“He is Chief Chemist in one of the largest
laboratories and has the power to engage
in research within certain limits.”

  From Gore, I learned that salpetre, sul-
phur and charcoal were in common use and
ho could also produce the fulminate of mer-
cury to ignite the shells. If any of the sub-

- 5000 A.D.!	245

stances were not available, he would see
that they were made.

  “You can not make sulphur, surely,” I
suggested. “That is a basic element.”

  “But we can,” he smiled. “Long ago we
found out how to readjust the component
electrons and protons so that we can make
any substance at will. It is a very neces-
sary part of our work since many elements
are no longer obtainable in their natural
states.”

  We decided on a hundred guns to be dis-
tributed among carefully selected sub-lieu-
tenants who would be instructed in their
use. Each of us were to be supplied with
them together with a quantity of ammuni-
tion. I found that the guards depended
ordinarily on short wicked whips, whose
keen lash as well as the heavily weighted
handles, made them formidable weapons.
Hence we decided to arm the mass of our
followers with long-handled spears. I felt
that they would prove wickedly efficient in
this weaponless world.

  The people were usually passive and sub-
servient and the ray projectors served to
bieak up the infrequent demonstrations.
These orange rays, I found, were similar to
intensified infra-red rays—although visible
—and it was possible to use them as car-
rier waves for electric charges of high in-
tensity. They had a paralyzing effect on
the nerve cells and lengthy exposure to them
proved fatal. By increasing the charge,
too, they could be made instantly lethal
in their intensity, although the range was
short.

  The only projectors were in the hands of
the Council and had been for centuries. I
considered the possibilities of constructing
similar machines but none of the group
was able to supply any definite information
about their design. I gathered that the
secret was kept closely guarded by the
Council and decided to confine my efforts
to weapons I understood.

  At last Stele glanced the tiny chronometer
on his wrist and announced that the time to
break up had arrived. It was settled that
I should go, disguised as a worker, to the
laboratory with Gore where we would work
on our powder. Mede would complete the
246

WONDER STORIES

designing of the weapons and Stele would
prepare a place in the foundry where they
could be manufactured away from prying
eyes. Sale, the doctor, was to be liaison
officer, since he could move freely about
the city, between our group and the lesser
leaders. Wolfe was in charge of the mono-
rail system and would organize his most
loyal subordinates so that when the day of
revolt arrived, the transportation system
would be in our hands. Duse, chief of air
pilots, was to organize a squadron of flyers
of the fastest planes.

  We chose, for the meeting place of our
forces, the great central plaza—a parklike
tract of land in the midst of the buildings.
It could easily hold the entire population
of the city if necessary and no street levels
oj monorail tracks passed over it. Our men
could reach it by rail in a few moments
from any portion of the city while planes
i.i any number could land or take off there.
We set the time at dawn one week to the
day.

  “And may our efforts be successful,” I
said as we departed and the others answered',
“A new day dawns . . . . ”

CHAPTER VII
The Revolt!

ONE week passed—seven days of fever-
ish activity for the new and secret re-
volutionary party. Under the skillful di-
rection of Stele and Mede thousands of
pike heads were prepared and fitted to
stout handles. These spears, wielded in the
hands of determined men, fired to fanaticism
by the intensity of their struggle against
oppression, would do deadly execution
against any who opposed them.

  The guns, turned out in the dead of night
by the light of improvised lamps, by some
of the finest craftsmen in the city, exceeded
even my wildest expectations. From my
rude sketches and explanations, the two had
evolved weapons that would compare fav-
orably with the finest shotguns of my own
day. They were double-barrel affairs and
were surprisingly light, being made of a
beryllium-steel compound, lighter than

aluminum yet stronger than any other metal
alloy. The barrels were long to give added
range and the well-balanced stocks, while
crudely finished, were made of a synthetic
rubber compound, hard yet flexible enough
to offset the recoil.

  In the laboratories, Gore and I had exper-
imented until we had powder which, while
not having the efficiency of the smokeless
powder—was equal in power and ef-
fectiveness to the once-favored black var-
iety. With the amazing efficiency of the
day, cases were turned out in a plentiful
quantity and filled under my direction.

  As laborers going out to the fields, my
rifle corps had left the city the morning be-
fore and flown many miles into the wilder-
ness. Here safe from the prying eyes of the
guards, I gave my men instructions in load-
ing, unloading, sighting and firing their
strange new weapons. We had no practice
at marksmanship since I felt that little would
be gained and a great deal of good ammu-
nition wasted. In spite of the half-choked
barrels, I knew that the steel shot would
spread sufficiently to be effective over a
wide area. All the men need do would
be to point the weapons and pull the trig-
gers at the proper moment.

  I shot off several rounds of shells to il-
lustrate my points and found the weapons
marvelously efficient in spite of their hasty
construction. As we were making prepar-
ations to depart, an inquisitive pig, the
scion of domesticated porkers who had run
wild in the jungle, nosed his way into the
clearing where we stood and regarded us
inquisitively from a safe distance. I rais-
ed my weapon hastily and fired. Although
fully fifty yards away, the pig vanished,
leaving only torn shreds of flesh. My army,
seeing a practical demonstration of the new
weapon, gripped their guns tighter and
their lips set in grim lines that boded no
good for the ruling Council and the guards.

  At dawn of the great day, our men wait-
ed, each in his own home, for the great bell
to sound the end of the sleep period. The
gong that sounded the call each morning
for the workers to arise and prepare for
work would today be the signal for their
revolt.
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

247

  In a small swift flyer, I waited with Ben
Duse and Leda on the top of one of the
highest buildings. I had not wanted Leda
there for I knew that ours was a dangerous
mission. But she had insisted on coming
and at last had her way.

  “I will go where you go,” she had said.
“Should you die, I will die, too. I will not
live away from you.” And in the thrill of
my discovery of her feelings toward me, I
had given in reluctantly.

  I knew our blow would not be entirely
unexpected. The Council, whose guards
and spies were everywhere, had long since
discovered something was afoot as proven
by several efforts to capture me that had
failed only by chance and the devotion of
some of our followers. I did not doubt
that many squadrons of the guards waited
the signal even as we waited it. Our own
Bpies had reported that the Council had
increased the number of guards during the
last few days and though their weapons
would be but the whip and the orange ray,
our victory—if victory was our portion—
would not be entirely bloodless.

  The first pink streaks of the dawn show-
ed on the eastern horizon. We sat in si-
lence, smoking cigarettes guardedly. Grad-
ually the stars faded and the day was at
hand. The mammoth buildings stood out
nakedly in the cold morning air, their win-
dowless sides grim and forbidding, the
street levels bare and deserted. Yet I knew
that within those buildings were hiany
others waiting only the bell to strike, even
as we waited.

  Then came the gong, its liquid golden
note reverberating and quivering on the
still air. Its tone lingered and died echo-
ingly among the farther building as I look-
ed again at the city. From every building
people were streaming into the streets. The
ijiajority of them massed aimlessly on the
different levels, sensing something unusual
around them but not knowing just what was
happening. But here and there in the
crowd were men carrying spears, who moved
purposefully toward the platforms of the
monorails. Then came the cars, great
cabins swinging along suspended on their
slender rails. At each platform new re-

cruits surged into them and the cars swung
on toward the meeting place.

I WATCHED car after car pass along those
lines that were visible from where I
stood as each filled with their human car-
goes gave way to empty ones. Truly, Sale
was doing his part effectively. .

  The Indian touched my arm and I tore
myself from watching the milling thousands
in the streets. Duse pointed to the north.
Faint in the distance, from that further por-
tion of the city where the rulers dwelt, I
could see the guard planes winging their
way toward us.

  “Come,” Ben said, starting the plane and
I followed him inside. A whir of the tiny
motor and we were off toward the gathering
place. As we rose in the air a flag of red
and white stripes with white stars on a blue
field, broke out from our rudder and flut-
tered madly in the wind.

  From every roof around us planes took
off and followed ours, falling into the V-
fcrmation used by war planes of my own
day. We rushed through the air toward
the plaza. Far away I could hear the wail-
ing of the sirens on the guard planes as
they approached. And far below us I could
hear the thunderous voice of the crowd.
They were singing, these slaves of the rich,
singing the chant of deliverance and their
voices were jubilant, inspired. I turned to
Ben Duse at the controls of the plane.

  “A singing army is never defeated,” I
said.

   “May it be so today,” he replied.

  Then we were over the square and I could
see the men, with the sun glinting on their
pikes, massed in orderly rows and at their
head the giant figure of Stele with his little
company of riflemen. Approaching from
the other side of the plaza were the ranks
of the police, their whips swung over their
shoulders. Steel glinted in their hands and
•I saw that each carried a long sword. Then
I knew that with these trained and drilled
men meeting our steel with steel, the odds
would not be so overwhelmingly in our
favor. We outnumbered them three to one
but our forces were untrained and undis-
ciplined.
248

WONDER STORIES

  We sped over the square and I saw the
planes of the council rushing to meet us.
The projectors in the bows of each plane
glowed with orange light and I knew that
their beams were being directed toward us.

  “How far is the beam effective?” I asked.

  “Less than two hundred feet in the day
time,” Duse answered. “But under that
range they will penetrate even the glass of
these cabins.”

  “Then we won’t let them get that close,”
I said, reaching for my gun.

  We were very near to the first plane, now.
I threw open a small window in the front
of our plane and took careful aim. I saw
the man at the controls of the guard plane
jump to the ray projector and move a lever
frantically. I felt my shoulder go numb
as I pulled the trigger. The gun blared—
both barrels;—and I was hurled away from
the narrow slot by the recoil. But my shot
was true, for when I looked again the ray
projector and a large portion of the front
end of the plane had disappeared. The
ship drifted idly with its gaping front and
then, slowly at first but gathering speed, it
sank toward the ground far below. As it
crashed, I turned to Leda handing her my
empty gun and receiving a fully loaded one
in exchange.

  “You injured their anti-gravity current,”
she remarked.

  Duse was guiding the ship swiftly toward
the next enemy plane. The guards were
flying in single file—some distance apart,
and there were fully twenty of them oppos-
ing our fifteen. We met the second, and I
profited by my first encounter, firing be-
fore the ray reached the effective range.
My shoulder was still numbed from the dose
it had received, weak though it was. This
time I shot from the left shoulder, resting
my gun on the ledge and taking a snap shot
with one barrel. As before, the projector
and the front glass of the plane received
the full charge and shattered. As Duse
swept over the crippled ship, I poured the
charge of the second barrel into the gaping
hole. I caught a glimpse of the horror
stricken face of the pilot as his ship began
its sickening dive.

  Then we were past him and sweeping
toward the next plane. I reached for the
reloaded gun and another ship went down
to join the first two.

  Noting the fate of its predecessors, the
fourth plane held back, waiting its com-
rades to come up. They bunched and came
toward us slowly in a solid phalanx. But
we, too, were prepared. Duse slowed our
plane as did the pilots nearest us while
those of the wings of our formation rushed
forward. From an inverted V, we became
a great U, the points encircling the enemy.
Before they could solve the purpose of this
maneuver the ends of the U closed into an

0	and we began the ancient form of fight-
ing used by the Indians in raiding emigrant
trains. In a wide circle, beyond the range
of the stabbing orange rays, wre swung
around them leisurely, all the time pouring
a rain of death and destruction upon them.
Massed as they were, the first disabled ships
impeded the progress of the others. Even
my inexperienced gunners could not miss, <
and under our withering fire over half of
them were out of commission in the first
few minutes. The remaining ships rose in
an effort to escape. We shot them down to
destruction on the buildings and the streets
below us.

ONLY four were left when they made
their last desperate attempt to avoid ex-
termination. Full at the circle of slowly
moving planes they hurled themselves. One
went down and the orange rays of the other
three cut through our line. Two of our
planes dipped and hurtled to the ground,
the circle broke and they were loose. It
was a desperately courageous maneuver and

1	applauded it, but the three planes must
not escape.

  Swiftly we straightened out in pursuit
and I blessed Duse for his selection of our
ships. We flew at a speed that I had not
believed possible and rapidly overhauled
the larger, heavier guard ships. From a
distance of but a few yards, I sent the rak-
ing blast from my gun through the side
windows of the nearest plane. The charge
struck the control board, demolishing it.
We turned to the second plane and found it
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

249

already besieged by several of our squadron,
passed it and hurried toward the last one.

  “Above it,” I cried as we came near,
knowing the projectors could not be turned
upward. As we hovered above it, I fired
through the trap in the floor, taking careful
air at the ray lamp projecting from the
bow. It disappeared as if sliced by a giant
knife. I turned to Ben.

  “Circle them.”

  He did so, threatening and crowding the
plane until it came to a stop.

  “Signal them to turn back to the city
plaza,” I called to Leda.“ Tell diem we will
spare their lives if they will do as we di-
rect.”

  She spoke the message into the radio of
the plane and received an affirmative answer
from the guards.

  We turned back toward the city, our squad
swinging in behind us. As we approached
the plaza, the crowds on the tops of the
buildings and on the upper street levels
saw us. Some cheered wildly, others were
silent, and I wondered at this, greatly.

  We reached the plaza and our planes set-
tled slowly to the ground among our land
forces and the hordes of murmuring, cheer-
ing people behind them. We stepped from
our ships and looked around us. There
was no need to ask who had won. The
ground was dotted with crumpled, contorted
figures. Many wore the brief white gar-
ments of the workers, the sign of the wheel
crudely fashioned on the breast of their
tunics, silent proof of the fighting qualities
of the Council’s forces. But the majority
of the inert bodies wore the nile green of
the guards.

  A tall figure swung over towards us with
great lumbering strides. Dik Stele, a red
welt crossing the old scar on his cheek and
blood streaking his white garments. Be-
side him trotted the stocky figure of Mede,
likewise blood-spattered and with his left
arm, crudely bandaged, dangling uselessly
at his' side.

  “Master,” Stele gasped. “You are hurt?”

  “My arm was struck by the ray but it is
nothing. You have won?”

  “Yes, the Council’s forces are beaten.”

  “Where are your prisoners?”

  “Prisoners?” The big man’s face was
puzzled. “We took no prisoners. All who
have not escaped us by flight are—there.”
He waved his hand expressively in the di-
rection of the battle field.

  I could not blame my lieutenants. After
centuries of abuse and ill-treatment at the
hands of the guards, I knew that the people
felt that nothing short of complete annihila-
tion was sufficient punishment for the green-
clad enemies.

  Then Leda and Duse approached, the lat-
ter herding the ten prisoners from the cap-
turned plane in front of him, my gun slung
over the crook of his arm with all of the
nonchalance of a Tennessee squirrel hunt-
er. I turned to the captives as he halted
them before us.

  “Who is your leader?”

  One of them stepped forward a few paces.
“Go back to the palaces of the Council,”
I said, “and give them this message: We
are in complete control in Chicago. Tell
them the Master rules and the old order is
ended. I will treat with the Council in this
place today, one hour before sundown. They
must meet me here.”

  He stared at me incredulously.

  “But, Sire,” he cried “The Council—they
will never come.”

  “The Council is not composed of fools,”
I said. “They will come. Tell them how
their forces were wiped out in the city. Tell
them what happened to the ships of your
fleet. And tell them that if they are not
here on the appointed hour, I shall seek them
out in their homes and not a man, woman
or child will I spare. If they come, they
have the word of the Master that no harm
will befall them.”

  Then as the sun reached high meridian,
the plane sped off to the north with its tale
of defeat. The day was won and the city
was in our hands.

CHAPTER VIII
The Terms

WE met the Council in the Plaza that
evening. They came in great ships
of blue whose appointments spoke of luxury
250

WONDER STORIES

hitherto unknown on the planet. Their
planes settled gently to the ground in a
group near the center of the square where
I awaited them with Jon Ley and my six
lieutenants. Behind us stood our forces,
drawn up in a semblance of review forma-
tion. The crowds of the citizenry grouped
themselves in the Plaza and on the nearer
buildings.

  Out of the planes came the Councilors
and their retainers. They moved slowly
toward us, hesitated and finally came to a
halt at a distance of a hundred feet. Stele
went forth to meet them and returned with
twelve men whose tunics of darker, richer
blue identified them as members of the
Council. These were the men whose riches
had held ninety-five million people in vir-
tual slavery.

  I regarded them closely. All were
men of middle age and more than one
showed the wrinkled skin and white hair of
advanced years. Almost without exception
they were short stocky men, and the volum-
inous folds of their blue toga-like garments
failed to hide the gross contours of over-
indulged bodies. Cruel hawk-like eyes
peered out from fat faces in striking con-
trast to sensuous mouths and weak chins.
And on all of their faces appeared mingled
expressions of fear, hatred and disdain.
They feared us, but they looked down upon
us with scorn born of generations of con-
temptuous toleration of the servile working
classes. And, in the society that had spawn-
ed them, there existed but two classes—
themselves and their slaves.

  They listened in silence as I told them of
the breaking down of their power, of the
defeat of their guards, the annihilation of
their fleet. I can only imagine the bitter- '
ness that filled their hearts as they heard
the story of the end of their former regime.
Yet not by the slightest change of expression
did they betray any feelings but those of the
utmost disdain for us and our achievements..

I paused when I had finished the story of
our victory and one, the leader of the Coun-
cil, spoke.

  “We grant the truth of your assertions.
What are the terms you propose? What is
it you want of us?”

  I considered carefully before replying.

  “We who fought in the struggle ask noth-
ing for ourselves. Our efforts were made
in the name of the people and in the final
analysis it is to them that you must go for
terms,” I said. “As temporary representa-
tives we have outlined the major terms,
which I now give you:

  “First, you will relinquish all claims to
the government, the courts and the keeping
of the peace, which shall be turned over to
duly elected representatives of the people.

  “Second, you must give up all claims to
ownership of factories, property, fields and
laboratories, retaining only your personal
property and unemployed capital. All in-
dustries on which the people depend for the
necessities of life will henceforth become the
property of the government.

  “Third, all class distinctions will be abol-
ished and in all further dealings with the
people you must meet them on a common
footing.

  “Fourth, you will turn over to the new
government the secret of the orange ray and
any projectors that still remain. These will
be reserved for the common defense.”

  The Council considered our terms among
themselves for some moments. Finally the
leader spoke.

  “The fourth provision is impossible. You
have destroyed the entire supply of the pro-
jectors and the secret was destroyed with
them. There are none now alive who know
how to make them. As for the other provi-
sions, what is the alternative if we refuse
to surrender our rights in this way?”

  “Defeated despots have no rights,” I
warned them. “You would not be alive
thirty seconds from now if I but gave the
word. Don’t you understand that you are
entirely at the mercy of the people? There
are no laws of justice and mercy for those
who have lost the power of enforcing their
dictums. Our terms are more than gener-
ous.”

  “Yet you have said that it is the people
with whom we treat. Have we not the right
to present our side to the people? Your
party with the strange new weapons that
destroyed our guards, have won, it is true.
But you are only a small portion of the
REBELLION — 5000 A.D.!

251

people and number but a few thousand more
than our class. There are many thousands,
yes, millions, who were happy and contented
with our rule. They were well treated, they
were provided for, they were happy and
satisfied with the treatment they received.
I grant that we have been thoughtless and
often intolerant of the rights of the people,
yet in the main we have acted for their good.

(JF you are sincere in your statements of
JL your purpose, it is this great body of
the population who must decide the ques-
tion since it is they who gain or suffer most
from what we do here. Let them choose
their rulers.”

  “No!” Jon Ley whispered in my ear.
“How will this be accomplished? The
people must know the facts if they are to
come to an intelligent decision.”

  “Through the television, the press and
the periodicals. Through speakers who
can present both sides to the people. At
the end of three days we can receive their
verdict.”

  “Don’t accede,” the old man begged.
“Wait,” I said to him, shaking of£ his
hand from my shoulder. “They are right.
After all it is the people as a whole who are
most concerned, and it is up to them to de-
cide. Remember we know little of the real
feelings of the people. There are many
millions who have not joined us in our up-
rising. We have had no way of knowing
how they regard us. And even the poor-
est of the citizens must have his say in the
decision.”

  “That is true, Master,” Stele broke in.
“The people must decide. But I have little
doubt of their decision.” And Mede and
my other lieutenants voiced their agreement
with the scarred giant.

  I turned back to the Council.

  “We agree. We will await the verdict of
the people and abide by their decision. We
meet here at sunset on the third day.”

  The Council departed in their blue flyers
and for a moment we stood watching the
great planes fade to specks in the sky. Old
Jon Ley shook his head sadly.

  “I am afraid, my lad, that all our efforts

have gone for nothing. The Council wins
the victory after all.”

  “Nonsense,” I cried. “The people are
ready for revolt. You have told me they
have long awaited the Master, and we have
removed from them the menace of the
guards. They will support us, never fear.
But right or wrong, I will be no tyrant rul-
ing by force of arms alone. Our blow was
stiuck for the masses and the masses shall
decide.”

  “Well spoken,” Jon Ley’s face brighten-
ed but his brow still remained furrowed.
“Yet I have many doubts. The Council,
for all the decadence of their laws and the
softness of their living, are very wise and
shrewd. I am afraid their propaganda will
prove more powerful than even those guns
of yours. They have in their favor the deep
inertia of the public and its apathy to sud-
den changes. They may not look with fav-
or on your terms. Yet,” and his voice was
strengthened by a cheerful note, “there are
many thousands who will support us. And
the men who fought for us today will be
Icyal to the end. We will hope that you
have decided for the best.”

  I thought the old man a prey to senile
fears for, with the blind idealism of youth,
I had boundless faith in the judgment of
the common people, a faith that was shared
by Stele and Mede and the others. But the
next seventy-two hours proved how right he
was—and how far from the truth our hopes
had been.

  During the early hours, our cause gained
momentum as the news of our victory spread
over the city. Riots of small dimensions
broke out in the other cities and the few
guards who were left of the Council’s forces
were busy keeping the peace. All work in
Chicago was at a standstill and there were
no guards in evidence. Our supporters
went about among the people stating our
plans and making converts to our cause.
Over the radio stations that had turned over
their programs to our speakers, we out-
lined the terms as we had given them to the
Council and presented our expectations of
the future.

  Then the Council’s efforts began to be
felt. In the newspapers and periodicals
252

WONDER STORIES

  and over the television they pleaded their
  cause. They openly admitted their past
  mistakes and promised a rosy future in
  atonement. They would lessen the restric-
  tions and the laws, while unpopular ones
  would be repealed. Higher wages, shorter
  hours and more freedom would be enjoyed
  by all. The Council would be enlarged to
  include elected representatives from the
  people.

   And many were the doubts cast upon my
 leadership by their secret agents who ming-
 led with the people in the homes and the
 smaller gatherings. How did anyone know
 that I was truly a man from the past? Might
 I not be a clever impostor who sought to
 gain control of the world? Would they be
 better off under the absolute control of one
 man than under the benevolent and pater-
 nal rule of a Council that included their
 own representatives? Surely the old or-
 der, with its promised new freedom, was
 better than an unknown and untried plan
 that would disorganize society and bring
 cIieos.

 SLOWLY the tide of public opinion
 swung toward the Council. Long be-
 fore the allotted time was up, I knew that
 the old man had been right in his estimate
 of the power of the Council’s propaganda.
 Yet I was not sorry. Forcing my rule on
 an unwilling or skeptical public would have
 been neither practical nor consistent with
 the ideals of liberty.

    At sunset on the third day, we met the
 Council in the plaza. As we lighted from
 a plane, Duse, Ley, Leda and myself, we
 heard the sound of singing in the distance.
 Down one of the broad avenues between the
 towering pyramided buildings, came my
 » army, chanting the song of the new day.
 At their head marched Stele and Mede, and
 beside them a man carrying a tattered flag
 nailed to a shaft of a spear. Then the rif-
 lemen led by Sale and after them the men
 with their spears led by Gore and Wolf.
 And bringing up the rear marched other
 men, women and children. A lump rose
 in my throat as they grouped themselves in
 one corner of the square. These people
 would be loyal, whatever happened.

  The Council arrived, and a steady stream
of people filled the plaza except for the
open space in the center where we stood. I
looked abount the milling sea of faces,
tightly massed and strangely silent. The
leader of the Council advanced towards me,
and his face was triumphant.

  “The Hour of the Judgment has come,”
he said.

  I nodded, saying nothing in reply.

  He turned to the crowd and raised a hand
for silence.

  “Representatives of the people of Chicago,
you have come here this day to render your
decision. Shall you be ruled by the Master
and his forces?” He broke off for a mo-
ment and from the corner where my forces
stood came a shout, “The Master,” and
voices began the chant which was quickly
hushed as he again raised his hand. “Or
is it your wish,” he continued, “to cling
loyally to the Council?”

  “The Council!”—it came in a great shout
from the throats of the elected representa-
tives of the blue clad followers. It was
taken up by the masses and hurled back in
a torrent of sound by millions of voices.
“The Council! We choose the Council!”

  He turned to me and spoke above the din
of the shouting.

  “You are satisfied?”

  “The people have decided,” I said, “and
so be it. But do not forget that we are still
the actual masters of the city. We shall
not imperil your reign so long as you keep
the promises that you have made them. But
there is yet the question of my people.”

  The great crowd was dwindling, going
back to take up their accustomed routine.
But those who had brought about the revo-
lution, who had kept alive the traditions of
freedom and equality through "the centuries
of oppression, remained in a compact body
waiting my word. A mad thought surged
through my brain. It was not yet too late
to grasp the reins of power. With our
weapons we could destroy the Councilors,
overawe the people and—But I stilled the
thought and turned again to the leader who
had been joined by other members of the
Council.

  “You realize,” I said, “that we could yet
REBELLION — 5000 A. D

253

enforce our will upon you in spite of the
judgment of the people? We have no wish
to do that but there was to be an alterna-
tive.”

  “What is that?”

  “We will go, leaving you in peace, to rule
the five cities as you see fit. Do not for-
get, however, that we have taught the people
the lesson of revolt against oppression. And
see that you do not give them cause to re-
peat it with more disastrous results. Had
we wished, red riot would have shaken the
city to its foundations.”

  “But what are your demands?” he per-
sisted.

  “We and all those of the five cities who
are loyal to us will depart to establish a
new nation far from here. We are to go
unmolested and you will supply us with
planes to carry us and with materials, food,
clothing, tools—all of the essentials for
founding a new city. #The secret of the
guns will go with us.”

  They conferred together for a little time.
At last the leader came over to where I

stood with my friends.

  “It is agreed. We will supply you with
whatever you wish. When will you go?”

  “In one week.”

  And seven days later, with Leda by my
side, our plane led the great fleet of ships
from the city. Fifteen thousand loyal men,
their wives and families and all of their
possessions followed us in great air liners.
And behind them came huge transport
planes carrying chemicals, machinery, tools
and everything needed to establish a high-
ly civilized community.

  So we took off into the unknown, unex-
plored world, leaving the five cities and
their teeming millions to stagnate as they
would. In every heart and brain was the
determination to establish a new, progres-
sive nation where all men were equal and
all men’s efforts were bent on making their
best contribution to the welfare of society.

  The land of our goal was the re-born
continent of Atlantis where, in the ancient
cradle of civilization, we hoped to found
our new republic.

                     THE END

What Is Your Science Knowledge?

       Test Yourself By This Questionnaire

1.	Why is clothing a serious hind-
   rance at the start of a space flight?
   (Page 256)

2.	What material contains the qual-
   ities of lightness, hardness, and
   smoothness? (Page 257)

3.	What speed is necessary on leav-
   ing the earth to finally escape
   from it? (Page 257)

4.	What are jhe dangers in a space
   ship due to a hole in the shell?
   (Page 258)

5.	In what part of the solar system
   are asteroids the thickest? (Page
   218)

6.	What general form do Hertzian
   waves take on leaving the send-
   ing station? (Page 226)

7.	How far is Pluto from the sun?
   (Page 191)

8.	What are the evidences of the
   volcanic origin of rocks? (Page
   204)
(Translated by Francis Currier)

                                                               (Illustration by Marchioni)

The minutes seemed like hours. The head of the comet became more
and more invisible, more and more transparent the nearer it sped • • • •

                     ' 254
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

255

FOREWORD

THE following narrative offers as enter-
tainment an introduction to the highly
interesting problems of the space flight..
It is especially aimed at the reader who is
not technically trained. The mathemati-
cal parts, however, are based on careful
calculation. Of course, considerable time
must still pass before
we shall possess rock-
et ships so well con-
structed that we shall
be able to venture a
flight to a neighboring
planet. The rocket
ship will first have to
stand its test on the
earth. Yet it is well
to keep the distant
goal in sight, even if
we are still just mak-
ing a beginning tow-
ard it—Max Valier.

* * w

  Tom Sacket, chief
correspondent of the
Sunday Globe, had
pulled out his pad of
paper like lightning.

But in his hand, his
pen trembled a little.

  Accustomed as he
was to recording the
most hair-raising sen-
sational reports in al-
most impossible posi-
tions, without the
twitching of an eye-
lash, his calmness had
deserted him this time.

It was only with diffi-
culty that he overcame
his excitement. Never-
theless his words were filled with a warm
emotion, such as one feels toward dear peo-
ple who are still standing before one in the
abounding freshness of life, but who are to
depart the next moment, perhaps for ever.

  “Have you actually considered every-
thing?” he asked the engineer.

  “This question is idle, my dear fellow.
Even a person who intends to pay a visit to

our old moon does not omit to think and
plan. But the trip to the moon compared
to ours is like a morning walk compared
with crossing Africa barefoot.”

  “Then you intend to go further than—”
Tom Sacket with staring eyes stopped in the
middle of the sentence.

   “Certainly!”

                    “Then you are not
                  going to the moon at
                  all!”

                     “Oh, yes, for we un-
                     fortunately have to use
                     it as a filling station.”
                     “Why, do you think
                     that—?”

                   “We do not think
                 anything; wre know
                 that on the moon there
                 is to be found what we
                 need in order to pro-
                 duce our fuel by means
                 of solar power. There
                 is ice, which we shall
                 decompose electrolyti-
                 cally into its compon-
                 ents, hydrogen and
                 oxygen.”

                    “I wonder whether
                  everything will work
                  out as you think.”

                        “It must, for other-
                     wise we cannot get
                     back again!”

                     Tom Sacket let the
                   pad sink a moment
                   and looked at the floor.
                   Then he pulled him-
                   self together and
                   looked into the clear
                   blue eyes of the engin-
                   eer, who stood before
                   him like a giant.

  “I was going to ask you much more—
but I cannot. Not now in this hour, in the
space ship which will in a few minutes
carry you so far away from our native plan-
et. Whatever your destination may be,
whether the red glowing star of the war god
or shining Venus, I wish you from my heart
the best of success. Good luck for starting
and for landing!”

         VALIER was noiS.
  1V1 only one of the most
  distinguished of the Ger-
  man rocket experimenters
  and enthusiasts, but also
  the first man to give his
  life to rocketry. His death
  in the summer of 1930, oc-
  curring by an explosion of
  an oxygen tank during a
  test, was a great blow to
  the rocket pioneers. But it
  is to be hoped that the ex-
  ample of Valier*s enthusi-
  asm and energy animates
  those who are carrying on
  where he left off.

    The present story was
  written shortly before his
  death, and contains many
  of his ideas about the in-
  terplanetary journey which
  have never appeared in
  print in English. Valier*s
  command of the interplan-
  etary problem is evident
  throughout this realistic
  tale, and his ingenuity in
  mastering the difficulties
  of space flight is remark-
  able. We take great pleas-
  ure in presenting this story
  to our readers as a pro-
  phetic glimpse into the fu-
  ture by a courageous and
  ^inspired man.
256

;WONDE-.l STORIES

  “You have guessed our plan! That is a
good omen. If your good wishes come true,
we shall meet again in two years, when the
earth has returned for the second time to
that point in its orbit from which we are
now starting. But now I must really ask
you to leave the ship. We must get ready
for the trip—we must undress ourselves and
get into the spring hammocks.

  “Oh yes, we have to travel nearly naked,
for during the start even the lightest cloth-
ing is as heavy as sheet platinum. To be
sure, all of us, the doctor, my wife and I,
have been tested in the centrifugal machine
for ten times the terrestrial gravity, but as
far as possible we want to make the activity
of heart and lungs easy.”

  “What, your wife is go-
ing with you?”

  “Somebody must do the
housekeeping, even in the
rocket. That is not work
for men. And then, who
knows whether other
planets are not perhaps
inhabited? She would
surely not want me to
succumb to the entice-
ments of the beautiful
dwellers in other worlds.”

In Space

66 4 RE you ready?

  l\. We start in 80 sec-
onds!”

  Two voices answered in the affirmative.
“You already know the plans by heart.
First, sixteen seconds with only 25 meters*
acceleration, until we have gradually pene-
trated the dense air. Then the gas lever
over to the middle point, until at 100,000
meters above sea level we have reached the
velocity of 2000 meters a second, 100 sec-
onds after starting. When we are in airless
space, then full gas for all the ex-
hausts, as much as the machine and our
hearts will stand, so that we can get
through the zone of the earth’s gravitation.

  “Yes, children, we must cover the distance
to the moon at an extreme speed, in order

to make up for the day lost by yesterday’s
delay. Otherwise we shall miss the con-
nection with Mars, and all our painfully
worked calculations would be in vain. In-
stead of taking 49 hours, we shall reach the
moon in 19 hours.

  “Hello! Still 40 seconds. Have you the
hypodermic needles? Then use them with-
out delay, so that the lobelia solution will
have still 30 seconds to circulate thoroughly
through the blood. And now breathe deep-
ly and just think of one thing, not to stop
breathing.—Still 10 seconds. Count with
me. Now!”

  A blast shook the air. A mighty train
of fire shot like a comet up toward the
vault of the night sky.
And before the few favor-
ed ones, who knew about
the ascent and were al-
lowed to witness the start,
were aware of it, the
shining ship had vanished
among the stars.

  Silently the people
went away, most of them
slowly, as though the
force of the ascent were
weighing upon them. On-
ly one had regained his
mobility. This was Tom
Sacket, who like a true
acrobat of the pen was
hastily writing his ideas
on paper, regardless of
the jouncing of the car,
in order that he might wire them to his
paper at midnight from the nearest tele-
graph station. He could not help thinking
oi the brave, charming, little woman, who,
in order not to have her husband go alone,
was risking all the dangers of space.

*	* * *

  At the same second that Sacket’s car had
to stop at a railroad crossing, the space
ship at a height of 1600 kilometers above
the surface of the earth had attained the
unheard-of-velocity of 10,000 meters a sec-
ond/ Now the screw of the automatic reg-
ulator pushed back the lever which con-
trolled the flow of fuel to the rocket. This

•Acceleration of 81 feet per second, per second.

•About 6% miles a second.
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

257

arrangement, regulating the calculated start
automatically, at the same time permitting
the hand of man to intervene in case of
need, had stood the test. Thus every un-
necessary motion, every lifting of the hand
or moving ©f the arm, was avoided. And
the apparatus did its duty. From second to
second the acceleration decreased 0.5 of a
meter, being now equivalent to six times
the pull of the earth’s gravitation, and thus
the hearts as well as the entire bodies of
the occupants adopted themselves gradual-
ly to the state of complete weightlessness,
which followed.

  The actual start had been successful,
without any pressing in of the nose of the
ship by air resistance or bulging of the
walls due to friction or excessive heating
oi the ship. As a matter of fact, only such
an excellent material as beryllium, which
had very recently come into industrial use,
could have satisfied these demands for
lightness, hardness, and smoothness. Every
gram of this rare metal however had cost
a full mark.

  All the data of importance regarding the
start, the flight acceleration, the perform-
ance of the rocket, the consumption of fuel,
the external and internal temperatures and
pressures, were indicated by self-register-
ing instruments. The desolation and empti-
ness of the long flight through space which
was before the voyagers would afford op-
portunity enough to study and evaluate
these curves.

  “One of us may now sleep six hours,”
said the engineer, turning to his compan-
ions, without as yet rising from his ham-
mock. “Two of us will always be on duty,
twelve hours at a time. We cannot man-
age otherwise, for it is dangerous to leave
one all alone, not alone for physical but
also for psychical reasons.

  “Who knows what effect the cosmic
short-wave radiations may have upon the
mind? Whoever finds it his turn to sleep
will just stay in bed. The other two will
dress and try to get around as well as
possible with the aid of the iron-shod shoes,
metal insertions in the clothing and the
electromagnetic carpet on the floor, because

here gravity has, for the time being, ceased
to exist.”

  “We have noticed that,” was the reply, as
if from one mouth.

THE lot for sleeping fell to the doctor,
the trusted ‘ assistant of the engineer.
So Inge made herself ready and floated like
an angel up to her husband (who had taken
the pilot’s place in the upper part of the
ship). As yet she was not wearing the
sandals with iron soles on her pretty feet.
And she would have bumped her head
against the ceiling of the room, if her hus-
band had not caught her in time with two
fingers, just as one catches a bit of down
which is hovering in the air.

  “I will connect the magnets, so that we
can sit side by side, the way we are accus-
tomed to do on earth.”

  “Yes, do it, Edmund, for with the best
will in the world I cannot get used to being
an angel living outside the limits of time
and space. But it is fine, after all. It is
as blissful as though we were falling in
dreams from one world into worlds more
and more beautiful.”

  “We are indeed falling, in fact at the
enormous speed of about 10,000 meters a
second at present, though to be sure falling
upward. But this velocity will soon lessen,
/for the gigantic arm of terrestrial gravita-
tion is still reaching out for us and draw-
ing us back to the earth. But all the power
of the earth cannot entirely destroy our tre-
mendous speed.”

  For a while the two were silent. As yet
not a quarter of an hour had passed since
the moment of starting, but the time seem-
ed to them like an eternity.. This is a
phenomenon which the passenger of the
Lufthansa becomes acquainted with, when
he soars over land and sea in a great tri-
motor plane. An hour in a plane seems
longer than three hours in an express train.

  Already the first shade of boredom was
beginning to settle upon the couple, when
Inge started up with a cry of surprise. Like
a red glowing torch, a gigantic arc of
light appeared at the edge of the black
disc, which was the earth, which stood out
258

lWONDER STORIES

among the constellations, the arc increased
every second in luminosity.

  Finally the fiery red light changed into
a rosy veil, which struggled with shadows
edged in blue, and reached out like the
jaws of pincers, until a full half-circle was
filled. But at this moment there appeared
so dazzling a light that Inge had to close
her eyes, in order not to be blinded.

  She did not venture to look out again
until her husband had pushed the dark
glasses over her eyes. Meanwhile the pic-
ture had changed quickly. As a clear,
brightly illuminated crescent the earth
stood in the window of the space ship, sur-
rounded by an aureole of changing color-
ed lights, the atmosphere gleaming in the
brilliance of the sun.

  In the other window there appeared at
the same time the image of the bright silver
moon, which was illuminated a little beyond
its first quarter. With a flight of 19 hours
piojected it had unfortunately been im-
possible to make the start from the earth
by day.

  After all, it was necessary to direct the
flight by the moon, which is most favor-
able for the start to Mars, when it is on
the increase as seen from earth and 16
degrees before its full illumination, because
from that position an extremely favorable
elliptical path leads to the red star of the
war god in relatively short travelling time.

  Thus it was unfortunately necessary to
give up the real view of the sunny side of
their native planet and content themselves
with seeing the earth in the form of a huge
crescent with an edge shading into twilight
slowly moving in the constellations of the
zodiac. From the decrease of the angular
diameter of the earth, measured from the
horns or ends of the crescent, the distance
of the space ship from the center of the
earth could at any time be secured, and by
comparison of the measuyments taken from
time to time with the sextant, the velocity of
flight could also be determined. The same
measurements on the diameter of the moon
served to check data on the approach of
the ship to the earth’s satellite.

  At last twelve hours had passed since
the start. At the first change of watches,

 after six hours, Inge had endeavored to
 $erve as hostess, though not without some
 trouble in accustoming herself to the con-
 dition of weightlessness. To be sure, there
 was no need to worry about breaking dishes
 or glasses. If they were dropped, they re-
 mained floating freely in the air of the
 room and could only be held fast* by the
 electromagnetic table top because of their
 iron inlays.

   Unfortunately the magnetism could not
 be extended to the food and drink. The
 morsels had actually to be juggled, in or-
 der to get them to the mouth. On the other
 hand, drinking out of bottles with the aid
 of straws offered no special difficulties.
 Now, the second time, everything went much
 better. After that Inge withdrew, for the
 third watch fell to the two men, while the
 engineer had slept during the second one.
 For the landing maneuver on the moon
 at the nineteenth hour they were all to be
 at their posts, in full complement.

CHAPTER II
Nearing the Moon

 «T3 EALLY we have all been frivolous,”

   JTl concluded the engineer, when he had
 received the report of the previous watch.
 “We have not bothered at all about shoot-
 ing stars and meteors but have allowed the
 Lord to watch out that none of these cos-
 mic blocks of metal burn a hole in the cov-
 ering of our ship. To be sure, we have rub-
 ber patches and fasteners at hand, to be
 able to close the leak as quick as light-

•	ning.

   “But, to speak frankly, I do not think
 we should be able to get around to doing
 that, unless we were to sit here all the time
 in our space diving suits. For if the hole
 in the wall is of any size, then the air would
 escape from the room too quickly. Even
 the automatic ventilators will not be able
 to keep up the air pressure until the leak
 is mended, and anybody in the room where
 the catastrophe occurs will die. For his
 veins will burst, if the pressure sinks below
 one third of an atmosphere. Besides that
 there is the cooling of the gases to far be-
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

259

 low zero on account of the rapid expan-
 sion.”

  “Fine prospects, those,” replied the doc-
tor, “is what people would say on the earth,
if this was explained there for the first
time. But we have considered all these
things a hundred times already and have
just accepted them.”

  “I do not see why we should not be able
to get out of the way, since the ship obeys
the steering gyroscope so well and the ex-
hausts ignite in a fraction of a second,”
said Inge with energetic decision. She was
already in her hammock.

  “But my dear child, what is the use of all
that? If we could see the approaching
meteor in time, we could do something.”
“Why can’t we see it?”

  “If we all three lay day and night at the
telescopes, like setters out hunting, per-
haps we could. But that cannot be done,
and even if it could, all the meteors would
escape us which were not in the limited
field of vision of the telescopes. With the
naked eye recognition of them is impossible.
Further, remember that our highest veloc-
ity is 10,000 meters a second while meteors
in crossing the orbit of the earth are known
to possess velocities of 40,000 to 70,000
meters a second.

  “One second before collision, meteor and
ship are therefore still 50 to 80 kilometers
apart. How is one then, even with a keen
telescope, to perceive the body, which per-
haps is only a few decimeters or centimeters
in diameter, which neither glows nor shines
in the cold airless space, apart from the tiny
bit of sunlight it reflects!

  “In fact, we can do nothing, madam, ex-
cept trust in God. If chance or destiny
wills it, we shall be struck, or we shall
emerge uninjured from this cosmic drum
fire, which doubtless, even now, is invisibly
going on every hour and minute about us.
In my opinion it is just the large meteors
which we have to fear least, because they
are the rarest.

  “But it would be bad if we got into a
thick swarm of very tiny meteoric bodies, as
if into a sandstorm. Then certainly we
would be lost, for these little particles
would act on our ship like a sand blast

and would grind off the outer skin as though
on a grindstone, until the covering burst
and the inner ship also was finally ruined.

  “My greatest concern is whether the in-
sulating stratum of ozone which is between
the double walls of our cabin in order to
check the deadly short-wave gamma rays of
space, would prove effective. That too is
quite aside from the powerful ultra-violet
rays, which alone would completely burn
up the body.

  “The window panes, cast in Jena out of a
specially designed glass, have certainly stood
the test excellently, as well as the complete
system for artificial renewal of air from
Hanover.” In satisfaction the engineer
looked around the narrow but comfortable
room, in which every single thing, however
tiny, had its purpose and was absolutely
necessary.

  “Before I go to sleep now, don’t you
want to take a little walk outside the ship
in the brand new space suits?” The doctor
nodded affirmatively. Then a bell sounded.

  “That is the signal that we have passed
the limit of gravity between the earth and
the moon. Now we have been en route 12
hours and 17 minutes. The time agrees
tolerably well with the calculation. The
velocity amounts to about 1400 meters a
second, too much for the start of our fall
to the moon. It will have to be braked
considerably. I could start that right now,
but to shorten the flight let us keep on to
1000 kilometers above the surface of the
moon. Our four exhaust brakes will stop
us all right even then.”

IN fact, without that signal which was
given by an ingenious selenium photo-
electric televisor, as soon as the disk of
the moon enlarged beyond a certain size on
the projection surface, which corresponded
to the previously calculated distance of the
point free from gravitation, they would not
have noticed at all that the ship had now
passed from the sphere of influence of the
earth into that of its satellite.

  It is just in this point that previous novel-
ists have made so many errors. The pres-
sure of gravity does not gradually decrease
between the start from the earth to the point
260

WONDER STORIES

free from gravity, so that the occupants
feel lighter and lighter from hour to hour,
until they float about entirely weightless
at the moment when the ship passes the
limit of gravitation.

. On the contrary, all pressure ceases for
them at that moment, a slight distance above
the earth, when the rocket is shut off; it
begins again only when the pilot sets the
engines in operation in some direction of
flight.

  It is equally wrong to maintain that the
ship, on passing the limit of gravitation,
turns around of its own accord and now
turns its bottom toward the moon so that
in consequence the ideas of above and be-
low are changed for the occupants.

  Even the ideas of up and down have lost
their significance for the occupants at only
1600 kilometers above the sea level coin-
cident with the disappearance of the pres-
sure of gravity. Neither the earth nor the
moon is then above or below; they float
the same as the ship in space, simply ahead
01 behind, to the right or the left.

  The doctor had already opened the cup-
board in which the space suits were stored.
But the engineer shook his head and went
on, turning to his wife, “Just sleep calmly,
my child, we will remain here and turn
around the ship, so that the exhaust end will
be directed toward the moon; Then we will
get out the large distance measurer, for
we can no longer measure with the sextant
when so close to the moon. I think you
will have only about five hours sleep, for
we are arriving rather earlier than the cal-
culation indicated. But in this case it does
no harm.”

  Inge switched off the light in her berth
and drew over her head a light downy cover-
let. To hasten the coming of sleep, she
pressed a button which caused to flow tow-
ard her a slightly narcotizing gas, whicR
the travellers through space called “sleeping
gas”. Of course the gas flowed only for an
automatically regulated time,- in order not
to have a bad effect upon the respiration.

  Meanwhile the two men set to work.
Since there was nothing else to be feared,
the doctor took the pilot’s seat and started
the gyroscope, whose rotation by the re-

sulting momentum of revolution forced the
entire hull of the ship to turn slowly in the
opposite direction, until the bow pointed al-
most exactly toward the earth, while the
exhaust end pointed to the moon. Mean-
while the engineer climbed down into the
lower room, in order to convince himself
about the condition of the tanks and their
contents. The ship carried fuel in immense
quantities, while the oxygen necessary for
combustion was kept separate. The com-
position was still the secret of the inventor.

  The total load of fuel was of such an
amount that on being burned all in succes-
sion, in airless and weightless space, working
only against the mass inertia of the ship it-
self, it could have imparted to the latter a
final velocity of 16,000 meters a second.
In technical language that is called the
“ideal propulsion”.

  This measurement number is the most im-
portant of all, for it determines the radius
of action of the space ship, since every speci-
fied trip in space, after careful calculation,
expresses by this single number the ideal
propulsion necessary for its accomplishment.

For Landing!

FOR the ascent from the earth, the ship
had already used up about 13,000 met-
ers a second of its propulsion possibility.
Only 3000 meters a second were lerft for
braking the fall toward the moon. This had
to suffice to overcome the field of gravity
of the moon, equivalent to 2400 meters a
second, plus the power to brake the tre-
mendous velocity with which the ship had
just shot past the limit of gravity.

  Regarding the amount of fuel still on
hsnd the engineer was naturally informed
beforehand, for an indicator which could
bo read from the pilot’s seat showed at
every moment the condition of the tanks.
Likewise manometers and thermometers
showed the pressures and internal tempera-
tures in the different containers.

  The engineer’s one anxiety was concerned
with the parts of the ship’s motor which
were necessarily exposed to the airless and
cold interplanetary space, that is to say,
the exhausts, the rocket explosion chambers,
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

261

and the vaporizers and spark plugs pro-
jecting into them. Without interference all
these parts would have cooled off, when
the rockets were shut off, nearly down to
the temperature of space, that is, to below
250 degrees below zero (Centigrade).

  There was danger that they would split,
if the combustion chambers cracked at all,
due to the sudden change in temperature.
Failure here would mean certain death
through the smashing of the ship, when it
struck the surface of the moon with twice
the speed of the shell of a cannon.

  The walls of the exhausts, like all the met-
al parts of the ship involving high tempera-
tures, requiring at the same time great
smoothness and hardness, were made of
beryllium. This metal had in addition to
the favorable properties of duralumin also
the advantages mentioned and besides that
of a specific gravity one-third smaller. The
actual walls of the chambers were made of
quartz glass blown in one piece.

  To protect all these delicate parts against
extreme cooling, the engineer had made a
very ingenious arrangement. The same
system of coils which served for circulating
the cooling material during the operation
of the rockets now had passing through it
some warming material preheated in a spec-
ial boiler, so that the temperature of the
endangered parts could not fall below a
certain point. For this jeason the rockets
could not be shut off suddenly nor could
full gas be given instantaneously.

  Carefully the engineer tested every part
of the machinery, the pumps, the valves,
everything, down to the smallest screw.
That this was no trifling task is known to
anyone who has ever had to go over a twelve-
cylinder airplane motor. What are called
cylinders in that case were here twelve
rocket chambers arranged in star form about
the main axis of the ship, each of them open-
ing out into an exhaust composed of seven
hexagons, again arranged in a star shape.

  Thus the hours in the engine room passed
quickly for the man who in the pilot’s seat,
took observations on the approaching moon.
He did this partly to fulfill his duty and
partly also for his own pleasure, to pass
the time. He used the great telescope which

was built into the main axis of the ship, al-
ways pointing directly along the line of
flight, and which gave an enlargement of
1000 times. Since the ship in the course
of these hours had descended from about

30,000	kilometers to about 10,000 kilomet-
ers above the surface of the moon, he saw
the landscapes below him in the telescope
as clearly as though they appeared to the
naked eye at heights ranging 30 to 10 kilo-
meters.

  By using the micrometer built into the tube
tv' take angular measurements of the little
crater of Triesnecker, whose diameter was
well known from the measurements made
by terrestrial observatories, and by using as
a check the distance apart of two tiny crat-
ers between Triesnecker and Hyginus, he
got by readings every five minutes, the exact
distance of the ship from the moon. By
calculation he also got the velocity at each
time. This was now increasing every min-
ute.

  Quickly there passed the last hour, the
eighteenth since the start from the earth.
In the next thirty minutes everything was
to be settled. Life or death! It all de-
pended on whether the landing was success-
ful or not. There was no third possibility.
If there was the slightest failure, then there
was not the remotest and dimmest hope of
survival.

IN climbing up from the engine room the
engineer had wakened his wife with a
kiss and had then taken the pilot’s seat,
while the doctor took a place at the left.
Inge floated up to the men and seated her-
self at the right of her husband. At first
she was much astonished that she no longer
saw the moon through the forward win-
dows, for the doctor had imperceptibly
turned the ship while she was asleep. Now
the crescent of the earth appeared in the
uppermost window of the dome, a splendid
sight, about four times as large as the cres-
cent of the new moon appears on earth.

  The great telescope was no longer used
for examining the moon. The smaller tel-
escopes, enlarging twelve times, were suf-
ficient for the purpose. Nearer and nearer
came the satellite, but it no longer looked
262

WONDER STORIES

as though the ship were falling upon it.
It seemed as though the moon were floating
forward like a golden iceberg on the in-
visible tide of the ether, a demon lying in
wait for them. The approach of the globe,
shining in the sunlight, had something piti-
less and devastating about it.

  “It is like a sea of glass blended with
fire,” said Inge softly to herself, without
expecting a reply. “Like a monster with a
hundred eyes on all sides, which is rising
before the throne and about the throne of
the infinite, as is written in the Apocalypse
of St. John, the seer of Patmos.”

  With magic power the moon drew the
glances of the men. They had to teai*
themselves away from the view of the hor-
rible wilderness of its crater fields every
few moments, to look at the indicators of
ttie measuring instruments on the dashboard.
Finally the engineer broke the silence.

  “Children, it is getting time to prepare
for landing. So be quick, my dear, and get
into your hammock. Take off all the blank-
ets and any superfluous clothing. We shall
have to brake sharply, and this time the
pressure will strike us like a bullet even if
in the absolute sense it will not be quite as
strong as at the start. On the other hand,
for eighteen hours we have been unaccus-
tomed to the normal terrestrial gravity, and
even that would now seem an unusual bur-
den.”

  As obediently as a child Inge withdrew
tc her berth and obeyed instructions. Like-
wise the men took off their clothing so far
as was necessary. The engineer examined
his muscles tentatively. Their development
was due to diligent practice in gymnastics
and carefully planned training in boxing.

  “Now we must give the old moon the
knock-out! This will not be so easy, be-
cause for landing on it there is no possibil-
ity of using the automatic regulator of the
lever. It will be necessary to throw the
gas lever by our own muscular force, and
that after a lightning-like decision, as the
emergency demands.

  “This with the quadrupled pressure will
demand at least as much expenditure of
force as if one tried to hold up a hundred
pounds in one hand. If only our nerve

responses do not fail, Edmund! To be
frank, at the start I was somewhat stupe-
fied, and I was glad that the automatic de-
vice took care of the gas regulation so per-
fectly.”

  “Yes, it is no joke to speed toward such
a wall of armor as the crater-pierced moon
at a speed of 2000 meters a second. Re-
member that the speed with which the nerves
conduct the visual stimulus to the brain and
the command to the arm muscles amounts
to hardly more than 15 meters a second.
But now there is no more time to be lost.”
“Do not forget the injection,” called the
doctor to Inge, while he inserted the hypo-
dermic and the engineer did the same.

  The latter allowed thirty seconds to
elapse, in order to give the drug time to be
imparted to the body. Then he asked
briefly: “All ready?”

         CHAPTER III
         On the Moon!

THE distance from the moon had mean-
while lessened to about 1000 kilometers,
while the velocity of fall was almost 3000
meters a second. Then the engineer reach-
ed out for the gas lever and pressed his foot
on the starter.

  At once there was a buzzing sound in the
ship. The pumps began to operate and
forced the liquid fuel into the vaporizers.
Now a pressure on the lever switched on the
ignition. At this moment an invisible veil
seemed to be cast over the occupants. For
an instant their brains seemed to cease func-
tioning. It was the coming of the pressure,
small though perceptible. The engineer was
the first to recover himself.

  “The transition from no gravity to a
slight amount is always the worst, and the
body will endure better the increasing of
a sensation already present.” Turning to
Inge, he went, “Do not w'orry, my child, we
are ourselves again, and I feel strong
enough to strangle a lion.”

  Meanwhile the indicators of the measuring
apparatus had begun to operate. They
were attentively observed by the doctor,
who had to see that the heating gas was
removed at the right time and cooling mater-
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

263

ial provided instead, in proportion as the
internal temperature of the quartz wall of
th« combustion chambers rose to a white
heat.

  “The chambers are warm,” he reported.
“Now you can give gas as you please, Ed-
mund.” The latter called back in a loud
voice, so that Inge heard it above the hum
of the motors:

  “Pay attention! I am now braking in the
first stage with a maximum of 40 meters a
second* retardation, in order to reduce the
fall toward the moon from 3000 meters a
second to 600 meters a second, in exactly
one minute. Now!”

  If anybody could have seen the ship from
the outside at this moment, he would have
noticed that in a sudden flame it shot a
brilliant train of fire toward the moon. This
lasted exactly 60 seconds. Then the blaze
disappeared, but it was replaced by the
emerging from the ship, at a right angle to
the axis, of a symmetrical tube, looking
like the eyes of a snail, with spherical knobs
on the ends, shining with lenses.

  The engineer had put out the great dis-
tance-measurer, for the telescopes were no
longer sufficient in this case, when it was
a question of checking the plunge to the
moon to a fine point. With both eyes at
the instrument he could see the surface of
the moon run like a speeding locomotive
through the distance marks of the stereo-
scopically acting tube which were in the field
of vision, and could calculate from the time
between one mark and another the velocity
at the moment. The doctor announced by
way of checking the observations, “850 kilo-
meters above the moon; velocity of 590
meters a second, as the result of the first
stage of braking.”

  “That agrees approximately,” replied the
engineer. ‘The small difference from my
reading is insignificant. The chief speed of
fall is checked. Now I shall allow us to
fall to 400 kilometers above the moon, dur-
ing which our velocity will again increase
a few meters a second, and then I’ll brake
in the second stage to 50 meters a second.”

  And so it happened. The exhausts did

  •Deceleration of 135 feet per second, per sec-
ond.	*

their duty. The distance measurer showed
only 14 kilometers of height above the
moon, when the maneuver was finished.
Then the engineer turned to the doctor.

  “Now we can take in the great distance
measurer, so that it will not be injured on
landing.”

  The latter quickly executed this.

  Then the engineer for the third time threw
in the lever and checked the ship 500 meters
above the moon, so that it neither rose nor
fell. From there he gently allowed it to
float down and deposited it finally on the
surface of the moon with a gentle impact.

  “That was a master work, no less than
that of the valiant man at Krupp’s who made
the head of the huge steam hammer come
down so accurately on the emperor’s gold
watch without injuring it, that it could not
be pulled out,” was the praise of the doc-
tor, while Inge rewarded her husband with
a kiss.

HARDLY had the latter convinced him-
self that the ship was resting on solid
ground, then he was already slipping into
the space suit.

  This was provided on a small scale with
all the equipment of the cabin, i.e. with ap-
paratus for artificial breathing, electric heat-
ing, insulation against radiation by means
of a coating soaked in various preparations,
and telephone wires for speaking across the
airless space. Bowie knife, axe, hatchet,
and spade, as well as the inevitable repeat-
ing pistol were of course provided, even
though there was no expectation of hostile
inhabitants. In a special carrier there were
stowed scientific registering apparatus in
such a way that they could at any moment
come into action.

  The doctor helped Inge into her diving
helmet.

  Then the two climbed in turn into the
air-lock chamber and left the ship in the
same manner as is done in submarines under
water. Even though the diving equipment
weighed a hundred pounds according to ter-
restrial weight, it was easy to endure with
the gravity of the moon only a sixth as
great.

  The engineer had judged correctly for
264

WONDER STORIES

the ground on which the space ship had
landed consisted of ice. Whether the entire
surface of the moon was formed of the same
substance, could not be determined from
here. ✓

  “But that does not matter to us,” he called
into the telephone, by which he was con-
nected with his wife and the doctor, who
was remaining on board as a guard. “Here
we have what we want. Now be quick, get
out the solar power apparatus and send it
down to us from the air-lock by the crane.
We must utilize every hour.”

  The tanks of the space ship, which was
built for an ideal propulsion power of 16,-

000	meters a second, had been almost entire-
ly emptied by this excessively fast trip at a
prodigious speed. The power of 13,000
meters a second had been consumed by the
ascent from the earth to the weightless
point, and the power of almost 3000 meters
a second had gone to the braking maneuvers
in landing on the moon.

  Since a one-way direct flight from the
earth to Mars on the chosen ellipse, would
have required about 16,000 meters a second
without taking account of any steering man-
euvers, a trip to this planet with the given
engine power would have been impossible.
It was another matter, if the moon could
be used as an intermediate station. Then
the ship, starting from the moon for Mars,
had only to overcome the moon’s field of
gravity, produce the excess of parabolic
velocity at the moon’s height in the earth’s
field and finally the acceleration for getting
into the Kepler path to Mars. * All of this
amounted to an ideal propulsion of 9350
meters a second leaving, of the 16,000 met-
ers a second available, the amount of 6650
for maneuvering on the trip to Mars.

  A few hours later the little power sta-
tion was in operation. A huge parabolic
mirror ,buiit of light sheet silver collected
the intense heat of the sun and first melted
a small amount of ice in a closed container.
The water thus formed—which cannot exist
free on the airless moon—was heated to
boiling, and provided the steam for a little
turbine. This was connected with a gen-
erator of electric energy, whose current was

 used for the electrolytic dissociation of melt-
 ed ice in special containers.

   The entire system was of such dimensions
 that in four terrestrial days it would exact-
 ly fill the tanks of the ship with liquid hy-
 drogen and oxygen in the right proportions.

The Second Lap

 THEREFORE they had to remain this
 length of time on the moon, while the
 power plant operated automatically. Na-
 turally the travellers used this time for
 making cosmic studies and for investigating
 the surface of the moon. It was sufficient
 for only one person to remain on guard in
 the ship at all times.

   Substances directly serviceable or valua-
 ble were indeed not found on the moon, but
 the doctor, who had taken his degree in
 both medicine and chemistry, came on the
 trail of an important discovery. When the
 short-wave gamma radiations of space were
 concentrated in the shadow of the crater
 wall, where the sun did not reach, by direct-
 ing a parabolic mirror toward the Milky
 Way, he found that the rate of decomposi-
 tion of radioactive substances, of which a
 few samples had been taken along, w-as
 considerably accelerated and in fact regu-
 lated according to desire.

   This experiment would never have suc-
 ceeded on the earth, to whose surface there

•	penetrates only the radiation filtered by the
 air. It indicated the initial step in the
 technically controlled demolition of atoms
 and the obtaining of the enormous energy
 latent in the breaking up of matter.

   “Here we have the key to the real shlji
 of the future,” he explained impressively
 to Inge, who had followed his experiments
 with astonished eyes. “Our present rock-
 ets, which simply operate by the energy of
 detonating explosives, i. e. through the de-
 composition and rebuilding of molecules,
 are poor weak little machines, which can
 hardly accelerate us to the velocity of 42
 kilometers a second which is necessary in
 order to leave the solar system. That feat
 will only be possible with ether ships which
 hurl the split-off electrons of crushed atoms
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

265

out of cathode tubes with almost the speed
of light.

  “Those tubes will take the place of our
exhausts. Of course such ships can only
set out from the airless moon, never froni
the air-wrapped earth. Therefore the ex-
plosion rockets will be used to get us to
the moon. The ether ships themselves, with
an easily endurable acceleration of only 20
meters a second a second will be able in
the course of a half year to reach the velo-
city of light. At full speed such a ship
would then cover the distance from the earth
to the moon, which took us 19 hours, in less
than 1Y2 hours, and to Neptune in 4^
hours. It would even offer the possibility
of reaching the neighboring fixed stars,
such as Alpha Centauri, Sirius, and Pro-
cyon, which according to current figures
of astronomers are 4.2, 8.7, and 10 light
years away from us.”

  Inge listened intently to these high-flown
plans for the future. They were full of
credulous confidence in the power of the
human mind, which before her very eyes
had just completed its mightiest feat by
■reaching the moon.

  Thus the four days passed quickly, and
the time came to dismount the power plant
and to stow the parts again in the space
ship.

  “Now I will quickly try to fulfill your
request, Inge,” said the engineer, turning
to his little wife, just as she was starting
to hand the men their last breakfast on the
moon. “You wanted so much to send a few
farewell greeting to our old earth. It can-
not be done by radio, for it is not even
certain, on the one hand, whether the waves
used by our terrestrial stations today are
those necessary for wireless communication
via space. And on the other hand the ap-
paratus necessary would have been far too
heavy to bring along. But the trick can be
done by the solar mirror. Previously I
could not put it at your disposal, until I
was sure that the power plant would really
fill our tanks in the calculated time.”

  Frau Inge filled the men’s cups by pour-
ing—a thing possible to travellers through
space only during a stop at a heavenly body

of sufficient force of attraction. The doc-
tor took up the conversation.

  “The mirror has done its work splendid-
ly. Our tanks and all the reserve con-
tainers are filled to bursting. But now we
have still six hours before the calculated
moment of starting. We need three hours
for taking apart and stowing away the mach-
ine, and so we have three for fulfilling
Inge’s wishes.”

  “I am childishly glad of that. But I by
no means understand how you are actually
going to do it, for after all the parabolic
mirror collects the rays arriving parallel
in its focal line. But here it is the same
idea as with an automobile light, of sending
a parallel pencil of rays into space in the
opposite direction from a source of light.”

ggTTOW cleverly you speak. As a mat-

  J-JL ter of fact, we shall have to change
the mirror, which was built for this before-
hand, and stretch it out flat as a plane mir-
ror. This can be done quickly by adjusting
its framework. Then we will simply catch
the sunlight with it and flash it, like a win-
dow on a mountainside on earth, to our nat-
ive planet.

  “On earth my friend, the Peissenberg as-
tronomer is already on the watch for it.
Before starting I gave him an exact des-
cription of our plans in a sealed letter and
informed him that, if it were at all possible,
we would signal five hours before our indi-
cated starting time from the moon to Mars.
The time is also favorable, because the mir-
ror, thanks to its elevated position is in the
sunlight, while the district for a great dis-
tance around is still buried in the pitch-
black shadow of the crater walls.

  “On the bright background of the moon
our mirror-light could presumably not be
seen from the earth, or its discovery would
at least be very difficult. But in the pitch-
black shadow the bright flash will very pro-
bably be recognizable. By swinging the
mirror on its own axis, we can give at will
long and short light signals and communi-
cate in the Morse code.”

  An hour later all three were at work in-
forming their friend on the earth of the re-
sults of the trip thus far and their future
266

WONDER STORIES

prospects and intentions. They gave the
signals in rapid succession, repeating each
sentence for security. All this went smooth-
ly, only it was uncertain whether the obser-
ver on the earth had clear weather for recep-
tion. On the other hand, it might well be
assumed that he would have notified other
observatories in case he had bad weather.

  Finally the report was sent that at an
exact time after leaving the moon, when the
ship as viewed from the earth would be a
certain number of degrees in a certain di-
rection from the disk of the now nearly full
moon and among the stars of a certain con-
stellation, they would send Morse signals
by switching on and off the cabin lights.
This was more in the nature of an interesting
experiment, for it was questionable whether
this incomparably small gleam of light could
be perceived even by the largest telescopes
on the earth.

  Then the men set to work, and soon the
mirror was taken apart into its silver strips
and rolled up, while the lattice work of its
support was stowed away. With the crane
the last heavy machine parts were hoisted
on board, and the openings were carefully
closed. The fuel feeds had already been
changed and adapted for operation with
liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen, while
on starting from the earth they had used the
more convenient though somewhat weaker
nitro-benzene, which unfortunately could
not be replaced en route.

  Meanwhile the moon, as viewed from the
earth, had reached a position 16^4 degrees
before full. Accordingly, the tangent to
its orbit cut the orbit of the earth at this
angle, also, and if travelled on at the right
speed would lead to an ellipse which would
exactly meet the orbit of Mars with a trav-
elling time of only 171 days, as compared
with 260 days if the start had been made
in an ellipse tangential to the earth’s orbit.

  The saving of 90 days could not be scorn-
ed, if one considered that the vital require-
ment in solid and liquid food and in air
to breathe including the requisite chemi-
cals for its production amounted to some
eight kilograms per person per day. For
just a one-way trip the saving in load for
four persons would be 4% tons.

CHAPTER IV
Coming Madness!

THE start had taken place smoothly, and
the attempt to signal by means of the
cabin light had been made. Whether this
had been successful, it was not possible to
determine. But now the ship was rushing
through the fearful abyss of space at a
velocity of about 9 kilometers a second rela-
tive to the earth, at 31.80 kilometers a sec-
ond relative to the sun.

  The moon shrank into a rapidly diminish-
ing crescent, while the earth completely
disappeared, because the ship was now ex-
actly on its night side. This was indeed
disturbing, but the doctor remarked that it
was always more important to have the
heavenly body to which they were going in
full sunlight before them, than the one
which they were leaving behind.

*	# *

  Fifteen weeks of the twenty-four which
the trip was to last had already vanished
into the insatiable maw of the past, with-
out the occurrence of anything remarkable.
The travellers had long since become accus-
tomed to the condition of the weightless-
ness. It was much harder to put up with
the unescapable boredom. In the long run
nothing would help the three, already they
were getting into an excitable mood.

  They quarrelled, merely in order to quar-
rel and to prove to themselves that they
were actually still alive and not lying in an
eternal sleep. These mutual torments
slowly took on a more threatening form.
When the science fiction novelists have
written about space flights and depicted a
mutiny of the crew or something of that
sort, they have shown something psycholo-
gically well founded. But among the en-
gineer, the doctor, and Inge it went no
farther than rudenesses, but rudeness which
they would never have pardoned under ter-
restrial conditions. In the case of crews
of baser stock there would actually have
been mutinies and stabbings.

  At length they longed intensely for a
change. They felt themselves in prison,
even more than if they had been in the
A DARING TRIP TO,MARS

267

notorious Venetian lead chambers; and fin-
ally all their desire was directed at burst-
ing the narrow walls of the ship. In an
attack of such space madness the engineer
had once come near beating with his fists
on the switchboard of the levers and smash-
ing the glass coverings of the delicate indi-
cating apparatus.

  It was only with difficulty that the doc-
tor and Inge together were able to calm
him, since his strength was not held in
check by the limitations of terrestrial grav-
ity.

  On another occasion—contrary to the
previously agreed on duty schedule—when
both men were sleeping at the same time,
with only Inge on guard at the controls,
she was seized by an irresistible desire to
move the gas lever, to ignite the rockets,
and to commence a mad flight through
space, without regard to the calculated
course. She had already set the starter
to work, when her husband, awakened by
the humming of the pumps, sprang up and
pulled her back just as she was going to
throw the great gas lever forward.

*	# *

  The twentieth week was drawing to a
close.

  “If only something would happen!”
screamed the engineer, striking the table
with his fist. “I cannot stand this any
longer!”

  “The devil has bewitched our ship, just
as he did to the three-master of the Flying
Dutchman,” replied the doctor.

  “Aren’t you two ashamed to talk that
way? Perhaps good spirits are accom-
panying our rocket and keeping away the
meteors which otherwise would have long
since smashed it.”

  “Well, do you believe, my dear lady,
first in spirits and then in the kind that
catch meteors in cosmic butterfly nets, in
order to keep us safe from these mosquitos
of space? I don’t.”

  The engineer stepped indifferently to the
forward window. His attitude was not that
of the responsible captain, for they had all
long since forgotten all ship’s discipline and
no longer stuck to hours on duty with free
intervals^ between.

OUT there Mars wras shining, still look-
ing like a star, though just as bright
or even brighter than Venus appears to the
eye of the dweller on earth, when it shines
with its greatest brilliance as the evening
star. It wras still about seven million kilo-
meters away, but the ship was catching up
from behind at an excess speed of some four
kilometers a second.

  On more exact observation it could be
recognized even with the naked eye as a tiny
half illuminated disk. And with only an
enlargement of 100 times in the telescope
the image was clearer than with a 1000
time enlargement by observatories on the
earth at the most favorable opposition of
Mars.

  Just for pleasure, the engineer was about
to adjust the keen glass to Mars, when he
noticed a tiny luminous point moving slight-
ly in the field of vision of the telescope, a
thing which was striking because it was just
passing between two 'fixed stars located
very close together.

  “At last something interesting, children,”
he called over to the other two. “Come and
look at the little star; I do not know wheth-
er I am seeing badly or whether the lenses
are getting coated.”

  Inge looked through the glass, then the
doctor. Both admitted that the body look-
ed misty to them also.

  “Then it is a comet,”’decided the engin-
eer. “For to differentiate between comets
and the little planets or asteroids today the
orbit does not serve as an indication but the
tail or misty covering does.”

  The doctor plunged into some books and
suddenly developed a quite unsuspected zeal
in working the slide rule. Then he report-
ed, “This is not one of the known comets
which are now en route and crossing our
path, for none of them, seen from our pres-
ent position, can be in this direction.”
Meanwhile Inge and her husband were
attentively watching the course of the new
heavenly body, which was gradually in-
creasing in size and luminosity and after a
few hours attained the size of the full moon,
though actually only as a washed out path
of mist with a bright nucleus. At length,
after fehe second hour following the dis-
268

WONDER STORIES

covery, a sort of explosion seemed to occur
on the comet. Suddenly a sheaf of lumin-
ous matter rose from the nucleus, at once
curving into a fountain-like jet, which es-
caped into space in the direction away from
the sun. Now the brilliance of the pheno-
menon increased unceasingly, and soon the
comet surpassed Mars in total luminosity.

  “Unfortunately the determination of the
distance by the method of orbit calculation
is not yet possible,” explained the doctor.
“We must wait a while, but I estimate that
this thing is still a good 10 million kilo-
meters behind the orbit of Mars, which it
will cross at the parabolic speed of about
34. kilometers a second. Sb it is approach-
ing us daily by about 3 million kilometers
and will presumably cross the path*of our
space ship in four days, if it does not ac-
tually collide with us.”

  At this conclusion Inge shuddered. What
they had all desired, the great cosmic event,
had arrived, but now it was already filling
them more with anxiety than with joy.
The comet had however one good effect: the
quarrels ceased, and the performance of
duty was again rigidly adhered to.

  On the third day, when Inge was sitting
alone at the lookout post and had adjusted
the telescope in order to get a better look,
she was horrified when she turned the tel-
escope to the comet. Now it stood among
seven fixed stars, with its head up, from
which gases streamed and curved around
with the effect of parted hair, while the
streams joined together farther below and
the comet’s tail hung down like a flowing
beard. The nucleus had divided into two
luminous centers, which glowed like fiery
eyes. The whole thing looked like a
threatening spirit blocking the way with
angry glances.

  Then Inge thought of the words of St.
John, in the mystic Revelation, which is
wiitten in the first chapter, verses 13 to 16':
“And in the midst of the seven candlesticks
one like unto the Son of man .... his
head and his hairs were white like wool
. . . . and his eyes were as a flame of fire
. . . . and he had in his right hand seven
stars : and out of his mouth went a sharp

two-edged sword : and his countenance was
as the sun shineth in his strength.”

Into the Mists!

AND as a matter of fact, the two-edged
sword was not lacking. A spear-like
jet of gas, short and dazzlingly bright, was
just shooting out toward the sun, a thing
the terrestrial astronomers call the forma-
tion of an abnormal comet’s tail. As if
tbat was not enough, the picture became
still more frightful.

  The normal emissions of gas from both
nuclei were now being so evolved that they
formed something like two horns above the
head of the comet, while the two eyes
moved farther part and took a lower posi-
tion in the image of the head, leaving be-
tween them a relatively dark space open,
which opened before the ship like the black
jaws of a monster with wide apart, deeply
basilisk eyes.

  With a shriek Inge tottered back and
would have fallen from the steersman’s seat,
if this had been at all possible in the con-
dition of weightlessness. Then the two
men sprang up and rushed to the levers and
apparatus.

  It was high time. The comet, whose dis-
tance from the ship could in no way be
exactly determined, since the faint contours
of the wanderer afforded no measurements,
was nevertheless much nearer to the ship
than the doctor had estimated, and now it
was rushing straight at them. It now look-
ed like a mad bull with the countenance of
a dragon. Now everything was at stake!

  “All clear to maneuver!” ordered the en-
gineer. “Have the spare suits at hand. I
think it will be better for us to put the
suits right on, for on colliding with the com-
et—if it comes to that—a splinter of the
monster can easily pierce the ship, and al-
low the air in the cabin to escape. If we
have our suits on, absence of air cannot
harm us, only if one is actually struck is
he lost.”

  In order to reduce the probability of all
being struck together, the engineer ar-
ranged that Inge should remain amidships
in the cabin, the doctor should climb down
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

269

into the engine room, while he himself took
the pilot’s position in -the conning tower.
Then all the bulkheads in the ship were
closed. The great distance measurer was
again pushed out and took in the comet with
its stereoscopic jaws.

  From minute to minute the engineer read
off the positions and called them through
the wire to the doctor, who was down in the
engine room trying as best he could to
calculate the relative path of the comet to
the ship. Soon it was evident that diverg-
ing to one side^ would have required such
great acceleration that the machinery could
not have produced it. This would also
have demanded so much fuel that even in
case of success the return to the earth would
have been questionable.

  There was nothing to be done but to ac-
cept the struggle and to try to pass between
the two nuclei of the comet, right through
the black jaws, when it was to be hoped
that the slight mass of the cometary nuclei
would not cause too much disturbance of
their path and attract the ship into a disas-
trous course. The only things to be feared
were direct hits by splinters, the friction of
the comet gases on the walls of the ship, and
sand blast effects on the skin of the ship.
But there was no choice.

  With his eyes fixed on the distant meas-
urer, his hands on the levers, the engineer
was like the record driver who knows that
the dangerous S-curve is now coming, which
determines life or death. A pressure of his
foot set the starter in operation. And when
the combustion chambers were warm, the
hand on the lever gave a little gas. It was
not necessary to turn the ship around, for
here the adversary was to be attacked from
in front.

  The minutes seemed hours. The head of
the comet, probably ten times as great in
diameter as our earth, became more and
more invisible, more and more transparent,
the nearer it sped, for its gassy veil was
being spread over an ever greater space in
the sky.

  ‘"We will not notice at all when we are
in it, Edmund,” cried Inge through the tel-
ephone, when she noticed this. “If only the
comet’s nuclei were behind us!”

  At this moment the needles of the exter-
nal thermometers began to quiver and rise.
Soon they mounted to 100, then to 200 deg-
rees Centigrade.

  “We are in the mists,” said the doctor
from the machine room, for he too could
look ahead through a periscopic telescope.

  The pointers rose to 300 degrees. Anx-
iously the engineer called into the telephone,
“If that keeps on, the outer wall will soon
be red hot. But we will stand it a while.
The beryllium has a high melting, point, and
it will take at least ten minutes for the heat
to be conducted through the insulating lay-
er. Then there will really be danger that
the tanks may explode.”

  “There, there, look!” screamed Inge. “The
nuclei are rushing at us. The left one is
nearer.”

u I- OOK out, I must give full gas,”

  J-i shouted back the engineer, to be
Heard above the humming. “Then we will
make a sharp turn to the right. We must
get through the middle, as closely as possi-
ble, and then we will have the fields of
gravity of the nuclei balancing each other.”
Already the steering gyroscope was buzzing
and was swinging the nose of the ship to
the right. Five seconds later all the cham-
bers were expelling their fearful sheaves
of flame into space. But the people in the
ship were panting and writhing in their
heavy space suits.

  Still the temperature at the outer wall
kept rising and had passed 600 degrees,
when the ship flew between the two nuclei
at the speed of nearly 60 kilometers a sec-
ond, for it had 25 itself and the comet was
shooting in the other direction at about 35.
The nuclei, some 20,000 kilometers apart,
looked like swarms of arc lights, circling in
a fog like flies.

  Then there was a blow against the wall.
The engineer at once called through the wire
to Inge and his friend. Inge immediately
replied, but the doctor’s voice sounded hol-
low and weak.

“A break! One tank is running out.
Two chambers are spitting. I, I am. . . .

I	am. ...” Then the connection broke
270

BONDER STORIES

off. Inge inquired, “Shall I try to help
him?”

  “Impossible now! Wait! Five minutes
more!”

  When two combustion chambers on one
side gave out the rocket threatened to turn
over, as sometimes occurs in the case of
artillery shells. This the engineer could
only avert by shutting off two chambers on
the other side. Before this was properly
managed, three minutes had passed. The
outside tenyperatures were still rising, and
there was the danger that the tanks would
soon explode. There was only one way out
to be tried: attempting to get out of the fog
in the shortest way by cutting across the
direction of the tail of the comet.

  Quickly the engineer seized the wheel.
His decision was reached. All would be
settled in the next few seconds. Fuel?—
The more used up now the better, for then
the tanks would not explode so readily
through heating.

   Once more the man at the controls pushed
the lever to its full extent and turned the
steering wheel for the sharpest lateral turn.
Almost unwillingly, the ship obeyed. The
task, performed with superhuman muscular
effort against the fearful pressure, was suc-
cessful. The patches of mist became thin-
ner, and soon the stars shone clearly from
the depths of the heavens. The ship was
saved, the utmost peril averted.

  In the upper room everything was in
order. The suits could be taken off, which
Inge at once did, for she was already at the
end of her strength. But the engineer,
still in his helmet, crawled into the air-
lock of the descending shaft and closed the
upper cover before opening the lower one.

   And that was well, for the air in the low-
er room of the ship had escaped. To be
sure, that alone could not have hurt the
doctor. And in fact the engineer found him
in a corner wedged in between two dural-
umin braces which had bent somewhat. Oth-
erwise he was all right and in good spirits.
First the leak had to be made airtight, which
was quickly done by means of the previously
prepared plates and rubber inlays. Then
the engineer filled the lower room of the
ship again with fresh air from the reserve

tanks. Then he once more climbed up to
the upper room where Inge was, removed
his helmet, got some tools out of the chest,
and climbed down again, in order to free
the doctor from his confinement, which he
managed to do after some effort. A few
minutes later the doctor was sitting, freed
from his space suit, in the comfortable cab-
in in the usual light clothing which they
wore in the ship.

  “That was a narrow escape!” remarked
the engineer.

  “But it was after all a marvelous exper-
ience, which I should not have wanted to
miss, now that I am safely past it.”

  “What are all the sensations on earth,
which the millionaires chase after, com-
pared with this struggle with a comet?”
commented Inge and clung close to her hus-
band, whom she looked at proudly.

  “I did not worry about myself,” added
the doctor, “when I saw that I was merely
wedged in. I even felt comfortable down
there. It was simply unpleasant that com-
munication with you was interrupted and
that I did not know whether you were still
alive and would come to liberate me.”

        CHAPTER V
        The Return

BUT the adventure with the comet un-
fortunately had an unpleasant conse-
quence. Part of the fuel had been ex-
hausted, equivalent in propulsion power to
at least 1300 meters a second. Then two
combustion chambers were damaged and
could not be repaired without the utmost
difficulty, while two others on the opposite
side could not be run, to maintain symme-
trical propulsion. But all this did not mat-
ter too much—merely the maximum accel-
eration was reduced from 60 meters a sec-
ond to about 40.

  One could still attain any final velocity,
only it would take somewhat longer and
therefore consume more fuel. This was the
disastrous feature of the otherwise success-
ful escape from the collision with the com-
et. In passing between the nuclei of the
comet and turning out of the tail 3000 met-
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

271

ers a second of propulsion power had beeri
consumed. The remainder would just have
sufficed to bring the -velocity of the space
ship, which theoretically was to amount to
20 kilometers a second on cutting the orbit
of Mars, to the 24 kilometers a second
possessed by Mars itself.

  Now there was also the disturbance of
their course because of their detour, which
would have to be corrected again. Thus,
hard as it was, they had to give up the idea

oi	visiting Mars this time and landing on it,
and simply to pass by it at a distance of

500,000	kilometers.

  “At the same time we have fortune in our
misfortune, and not a little of jt,~' explained
the engineer, when he looked up again from
his calculations for the first time in two
hours. “The comet has cast us exactly into
a course that when crossing the earth’s orbit
we shall meet the earth itself. And in fact
we shall reach it from behind at an angle
of only about two degrees, a favorable state
of affairs, because then we shall approach
with a difference in velocity of only about
four kilometers a second.

  “To be sure, its gravitation will impart
to us a free fall velocity of 11,100 meters a
second, by the time we enter the atmos-
phere. But if we succeed, at the last mo-
ment, in gliding tangentially to the earth,
so that the top of the hyperbola in which
we arrive is some 170 to 200 kilometers
above sea level, in thin strata of air which
will allow braking, then we can undertake
the actual landing as though we had sim-
ply returned from a flight to the moon with
a perfectly intact ship.”

  The doctor rose and shook his friend’s
hand. “Fellow, if you do that whole thing
just as well as you did the landing on the
moon, then you deserve to be given the
‘Order of Comets of the First Class’.”

  Inge laughingly agreed.

*	* *

  Of course there was no longer a possibil-
ity of a visit to the planet Venus, which
had originally been planned on the return
trip from Mars. It had been calculated

oi	iginally however, that such a visit would
require neither the time for a considerable
detour nor much expenditure of fuel.

  They had passed Mars only in a wide are
and at this distance had not been able to
solve its mystery. There seemed to be
only one result of the observations, namely
that the colors which Mars shows in the
telescopes of terrestrial observatories do not
belong to the ground itself as much as they
are the result of absorptions in the Martian
atmosphere.

  “Probably the white places are the high-
est cloudlike formations, the greenish grey
the ones in the middle, and the brick-red
ones the lowest. These last are perhaps
really white or grey, but since only the
reddish yellow sunlight penetrates so far
down, because the Martian air does not ad-
mit the other rays, only these can be re-
flected again.”

  This was the doctor’s opinion. But he
in no way insisted on this novel theory
and was frank in admitting its uncertain-
ty.

  Two hundred and sixty days after the
second cutting of the orbit of Mars, oiwthe
inward side, the space ship was again near-
ing the earth. It was high time indeed,
for now the supplies of air and food were
gradually running low.

  Since there was no longer need of the
machinery of the little power plant which
had rendered such good service on the moon,
they just threw them overboard, as they
formerly had thrown all used up things
and refuse out into space. Thanks to the
force of ejection, they had soon gone out
of sight of the ship.

THEY also resolved to abandon the great
silver mirror, though not without first
trying to send Morse signals to the earth
with it, to tell of their impending arrival.
This was done from a distance of 800,000
kilometers, the mirror being stretched out
in space beside the ship.

  “We must free the ship of every possible
kilogram of needless weight,” insisted the
engineer in the decisive conference, in which
they took counsel regarding the landing
maneuvers. “Our supply of fuel is so
scanty that it is just enough for the neces-
sary braking of our tremendous speed, for
otherwise we should run into the earth from
272

WONDER STORIES

behind, like a racing auto into a load of
hay.

  “It really would not hurt the earth. ‘See
there, a splendid meteor!’ the people would
perhaps shout, when our ship in its steep
course shot into the atmosphere and then of
course burned up because of the enor-
mous friction, if the pressure had not al-
ready crushed us to death.”

  Toward the end of the next watch, when
the engineer was sleeping, to get some rest
for the last time before the landing man-
euvers, Inge, who was the lookout, noticed
that at the place on the night side of the
earth where Berlin was located a dim dot
of light kept flashing and disappearing. She
called the doctor, who was at the controls.
He did not look through the telescope long
before he said, “Those are Morse signals.
They are flashing something to us. Note
the long and short signals carefully.”

  And that is actually what it was. Berlin
was signalling. “We have observed and un-
derstood your light signals with the great
plane mirror. We have united 400 search-
lights on the Tempelhof field, pointed them
toward you, and are now giving signals by
simultaneously switching on and off all
these million-candlepower searchlights. As
soon as we go out of sight, another metro-
polis which is favorably located will be-
gin. We are flashing this message every half
hour, until you give us a signal that you
have understood. Then we will communi-
cate directly back and forth.”

  This was too important to pass over. Inge
awakened her husband, whose time for sleep
was nearly finished. With quick decision
he directed the three little searchlights,
which the ship still had after the loss of the
great mirror, toward the earth and switched
on the current . Even though they had to
be sparing of light, there was enough for
a few minutes.

  And then he sent the reply to the earth.
In less than five minutes there came from
Paris, which in the meanwhile had also en-
tered the night side of the earth, the first
signal that they had been understood. Since
clouds were forming over Berlin, which
made the sending of other signals impossi-

ble, Berlin had its greeting to the space
ship transmitted by London.

  The engineer flashed back, “In less than
three hours we shall land in the Atlantic
Ocean at about the latitude of 45 to 50
degrees. Notify all ships by radio, since it
is possible that at the last moment some-
thing will prevent a good landing, especial-
ly as the machinery is damaged and the
fuel very low. We still have air to breathe,
our diving suits in order, parachutes ready,
and everybody on board all right.” With
that he ended his message.

  For the last time the bold travellers of
space made ready for landing. Each had
put on his space suit and his own para-
chute. Then the engineer stepped on the
starter.

  The rockets began to work as before,
only four of them were still shut off*. The
steering gyroscope hummed and turned the
exhaust end of the ship toward the earth.
Now the engineer gave it the gas. Again
streams of fire spat from the exhausts. The
course was reduced from a hyperbolic to
a parabolic and finally to an elliptic. This
was nothing new, so long as one was still
outside the atmosphere. But when the ship
had already reached the height of 400 kilo-
meters above sea level, and shot toward the
earth in a very much flattened tangential
ellipse, the first signs of air resistance made
themselves evident, 160 kilometers up, for
the nose of the ship grew perceptibly
warmer.

  “We must put out the braking disks, doc-
tor!” called the engineer.

  As viewed from the outside, there now
came from the nose of the ship (which was
pointed backward) a cable, on which there
Were arranged at certain distances thin
metal disks, which were bent somewhat
backward like cones, the result looking like
the familiar tufts on the tail of a child’s
toy kite. One after another these disks
glowed brightly and were worn away and
burned by air resistance and the resulting
heat, along with their cable, which burned
like a candle wick.

  But new disks kept coming out on more
cable. In this way it was possible to con-
vert the tremendous force latent in the mo-
A DARING TRIP TO MARS

273

tion of the ship into air whirls and heat
in a gradual fashion, and by sacrificing the
metal disks the ship itself was saved from
burning. Besides this, the ship was work-
ing the exhausts in the reverse direction, as
long as the fuel held out.

  Finally the so-called orbital velocity of
7800 meters a second was passed in their
retarding, and thus the danger was eliminat-
ed that they would again be lost in space.
The effect was that of a bicycle wheel which
gradually loses its impetus against the pave-
ment of the street, when the cyclist has
ceased to pedal. Thus the horizontal veloc-
ity decreased more and more, at last very
quickly, too quickly!

  If the ship had possessed extensible wings,
like those of an airplane, a glide landing
would have been possible. If there had
been sufficient fuel, the engineer could have
let it shoot down toward the sea in a vertical
plunge, finally checking it much more eas-
ily and surely than on the airless moon.
But neither of the two possibilities existed
here. The ship was in any event lost. Per-
haps the occupants could be saved.

  The engineer called a last command
through the wire. Then Inge and the doctor
came to him into the actual control room,
each still provided with a special parachute.
Then by pressing a spring he closed the en-
trance and by another lever made the nose

THE

 of the ship open up. At the same moment
 the strong counter-current of air pulled out
 the great parachute and with it the control
 chamber, which now proved to be a ‘life-
 buoy’. The ship itself dived down.

   The great parachute indeed moderated
 the descent from several thousand to a few
 hundred meters a second, but in the long
 run it was unequal to the evolution of heat
 and caught fire. Now there was only one
 recourse for rescue, to burst the chamber
 and jump out to seek safety, each on his
 own little parachute. This too was all
 ready, and a second later the three people
 were floating down to the earth on white
 parachutes, which stood out against the sky
 like shrapnel clouds. This time the ropes
 held and the parachutes proved adequate,
 until the sea received the bold travellers of
 space and rocked them on its waves until
 a swift seaplane arrived to take them aboard.

   The slender sinewy man who was the
 first to leap into the water, who swam to
 Inge and aided her to unscrew the diving
 helmet, was none other than Tom Sacket,
 chief correspondent of the Globe. Five sec-
 onds later, there in his bathing suit, he had
 already got out his pad of paper and begun
 the interview. And in ten more minutes the
 radio of the hydroplane, now soaring up
 with roaring motors, was sending the first
 news to his paper.

END.

The Time Projector

’{Continued from Page 189)

Copies of it were waved about were forgotten momentarily.

thunderbolt,
if the national congress as a sign that the
world was going-^o the dogs. A delegation
of business men visited Carol and threaten-
ed to withdraw all advertising support from
his paper. He received hundreds of letters
of praise and threats—some letters barely
legible, others indicating that the sender was
a person of wealth and culture. A plot to
bomb his building was discovered, on the
day that Booth again began the aggressive
broadcast of the cloud pictures.

  Through two days of stormy debate in the
national congress the bill was the subject
of all attention and even the cloud pictures

And on the
day that the bill passed and the President
signed it, twenty-five congressmen picked
up their hats and walked from the halls,
they said, ’‘never to return,” leaving their
f<rmer colleagues with an uneasy forebod-
ing silence.

  That night there was rioting in a dozen
American cities, in South America and in
European nations where bills similar to the
American act were before the national con-
gresses. The morning papers reported in
America alone, three hundred men and wo-
men arrested and imprisoned under the new
“Defense of Property Act.” Mobs storm-
274

WONDER STORIES

ed the streets, to be dispersed by the massed
onslaughts of the police, who were acting
under orders to “break up all crowds.”

  It became evident, however, that there was
a reluctance of authorities to make general
arrests, the leaders of the radicals only be-
ing the first victims.

  As he read the reports flashing over the
elher and the wires from various parts of
the world, and he flashed his televisor from
city to city, Carol became sick at heart. He
saw only bloodshed, rioting, distress every-
where. All the primeval forces in man
seemed to be breaking out, at some signal,
against the carefully built up restraints of
civilization. Even the leaders, business and
political, seemed to be losing their heads
and giving wild statements to frantic and
greedy newspapers.

  In desperation, Carol left his office and
returned to his home. In the closet of his
fathers room, he signalled for Booth and
soon had a connection with the man.

  Booth noticed Carol’s drawn face. “Are
you working too hard, Carol?”

  “It’s not that,” Carol blurted out. “But
we must do something. The world is go-
ing to smash.”

  Booth nodded sadly. “I saw it all, but
what can we do?”

  “Must you go on?” Carol asked desper-
ately.

  “Have you forgotten,” Booth asked gent-
ly. “Have you forgotten the picture I gave
you of what faces man twenty years hence?
Do you want to expose your world to that
terrible war and its aftermath?”

  Carol groaned. “Yes, you’re right, but
we must do something.”

  Booth nodded. “We’ll try. But get
away from your office for a few days. You
are worn out. I want you to come here.
There are some things I must show you.”
Carol looked intently at the screened
image of the man before him. He could
look at Booth dispassionately now. Was the
man really sincere in this game, did he
have the welfare of the world really at
heart? No, he could not question Booth.
The drawn lines of Booth’s face, showed
that the man was suffering too.

  “I’ll come tomorrow,” Carol said, “Good-
bye”. The image faded from the screen.

  For the rest of the day, Carol remained
at home trying at frequent intervals to
get Joan on the telephone. But despite the
invariable replies that she was “not at
heme” Carol persisted. At ten o’clock that
evening he gave it up and retired to an un-
easy sleep.

  It was early the next morning, accom-
panied by Pimpkins that Carol rose into
the air from the field in back of his home,
to begin the journey to Booth’s cave, the
same journey that he had taken as an inno-
cent youth a month before.

CAROL looked forward with an eager-
ness mixed with dread to this meeting
with* Booth. He began to doubt seriously his
ability to carry on this gigantic program,
with his own world alienated against him,
Jean estranged and this terrible secret of
the Time Projector weighing on him.

  He saw himself trapped between two de-
sires, equally strong. They could not be
reconciled, yet he could not choose between
them.

  “The scenery is beautiful along here,”
Pimpkins ventured as they swung above the
New Jersey flatlands.

  Carol did not answer.

  “The housekeeper tells me, thrt the help
is beginning to be alarmed at the house,
sir,” he went on.

  “Alarmed?” Carol asked.

  “Yes, sir. There’s been so many strange
people seen around. You know she asked
you to have guards about the place, sir.”

  Carol did remember. He had laughed off
the old woman’s fears. But perhaps she
was not wrong. Besides he had no right to
expose his help to possible injury.

  “I’ll have it done, when we return, Peter,”
Carol said, and relapsed into silence.

  It was not until they had almost reach-
ed the bald mountain top that Carol began
to feel the load of anxiety wearing from
him. Now that he was approaching Booth’s
physical presence, a new wave of optimism
filled him.

  With the televisor broadcaster on, he cir*
cled over the mountain and watched as the
THE TIME PROJECTOR

275

bald top parted into halves and rolled
back to expose again the little encampment.
Setting the helicopters, Carol slid the ma-
chine gradually earthward. Below him he
could see, as not more than dots, two fig-
ures moving from a building.

  Swiftly the machine descended and final-
ly came to a landing within the stone walls.
Booth reached the machine as Carol leaped
out. They shook hands warmly.

  “Welcome, Carol,” Booth said. “I’m glad
to have you here again.” Carol noticed a
slight twinkle in his serious eyes.

  Carol turned to Peter and pointed to the
two large rear compartments of the fusel-
age. “Will you take my things Peter?”

  As Peter moved toward the rear of the
plane, Booth stopped him.

  “Wait,” he said. He walked toward the
tail of the plane, opened the end compart-
ment and looked in.

  “You may come out now,” he said grave-
ly addressing the opened space.

  As the others watched in amazement,
there was a slight movement in a pile of
waterproof sail that covered the top of the
compartment, and an arm reached out and
moved about helplessly as though to grasp
some unseen support. It was a white arm,
round and soft looking. Booth climbed to
the compartment level and pulled back the
sailing. A head lifted from within and the
face of Joan Blake, dirty and dispirited,
faced the three men.

  Carol sprang to her side. “Joan!”
“Don’t touch me!” she screamed. Then
she looked about in amazement at the stone
walls, the white low buildings, and at the
sky being shut out by the slowly closing
cavern roof.

  “Where am I?” she asked dazed, as she
looked from one to the other of the men.

  “Only at the retreat of an old man,”
Booth said gently. “May I help you down?”
She looked at him for a moment, and
Carol saw a silent fire of conversation
between them, questioning, cross question-
ing each other. Joan’s face softened and
she gave Booth her hand. Soon she was
standing on the cavern floor with Carol be-
side her.

{To be

     “Joan, this is a pleasure,” he said laugh-
  ing. “I’m honored.”

    Joan shrank away. She semed ready to
  burst into tears. “This is no pleasure trip.

  I	am spying on you.”

    “Spying!” Carol’s face hardened.

    Booth interrupted. “Miss Blake is prob-
  ably not serious, Carol. Come we mustn’t
  talk about it.” Then to Joan. “Will you
  allow me to escort you to some quarters?”
  Joan nodded coldly, and with Booth at
  her side, and a dazed Carol following ac-
  companied by Peter and George, they moved
  off to the buildings.

    When Carol had been installed in his
  room, he lost no time in searching out
  Booth in the latter’s quarters.

    “You knew that Joan was hiding in the
  plane?” he asked somewhat belligerently..
  He felt that Booth may have introduced
  Joan into the secret without his knowledge.

    “Yes,” Booth answered. “I felt it neces-
  sary now that you were becoming the ob-
  ject of so much controversy to watch over
  you. By the televisor I saw Miss Blake
  steal into your plane early this morning.”
  “Then you had nothing to do with it?”
  Carol asked incredulously.

    “Nothing,” Booth answered. “But per-
  haps the young lady will explain. Her
  father is William Blake?”

    Carol nodded. He had already explained
  to Booth, over their private communication,
  the threat of discovery from Blake. Booth
  had merely stated that he “was ready” for
  Blake.

    “You understand,” Booth said gently.
  “That Miss Blake must remain here?”

    Carol started. “Yes,” he admitted. “I
  suppose you are right. But couldn’t she
  promise ...”

    “Would you subject her to that?” Booth
  asked, “it would be quite a strain for her
  to face her father daily knowing what she
  did about us ... ”

    “Do as you see fit,” Carol sighed, “But
  treat her well .■. . ”

    “Need you ask me,” Booth answered at
once. And with that Carol left him to seek
out the explanation from Joan that was tor-
turing him with doubt.
continued)
Science Questions
and Answers

THIS department is conducted for the benefit of readers -who have pertinent queries on modern scientific
facts. As space is limited we cannot undertake to answer more Uiun three questions for eacn letter.
The flood of correspondence received makes it impractical, also, to print answers as soon as we receivo
questions. However, questions of general interest will receive careful attention.

                   ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS

       ASTRONOMY
 Professor Samuel G. Barton,

  Flower Observatory, University of
    Pennsylvania.

  Dr. Clyde Fisher, Ph.D., LLJ).

  Curator, The American Museum of
    Natural History.

  Professor Willem J. Lnyten, Ph.D.

  Harvard College Observatory.

        ASTROPHYSICS
 Donald H. Mcnzel, Ph.D.

  Lick University, University of
   California.

        AVIATION
 Major William A. Bevan,

B.S.. M.S.. M.E.

  Air Corps Reserve, Professor Aer-
    onautical Engineering. Iowa
    State College.

  Professor Earl D. Hay,

B.S.. MLS.. M.E.

  Head Department Mechanical and
   Industrial Engineering and Pro-
   fessor of Aeronautics. Univer-
   sity of Kansas.

  Professor George J. Higgins,

B.S. Aero. Eng.

  Associate Professor Aeronautical
    Engineering, University of De-
    troit.

 Professor Felix W. Pawlowski,

                    M. & E.E., M.S.
 Department of Aeronautical En-
 gineering, University of Michi-
 gan.

 Professor John E. Younger,

                    U.S., M.S.. Ph.D.
 Dept. Mechanic* 1 Engineering,
 University of California.

        BOTANY
Professor Elmer G. Campbell
Transylvania College.

 Professor Margaret Clay Ferguson,
 Ph.D. Wellesley College.

 Professor C. E. Owens

 Oregon Agricultural College
 CHEMISTRY
 Professor Gerald Wendt

 Dean, School of Chemistry and
   Physics. Pennsylvania State
   College.

         ELECTRICITY
Professor F. E. Austin

 Formerly of Dartmouth College.

        ENTOMOLOGY
William M. Wheeler
Dean. Bussey Institution for Re-
search in Applied Biology, Har-
vard University.

MATHEMATICS

Professor C. Irwin Palmer

 Dean of Students,

 Armour Institute of Technology.
 Professor Wald# A. Titsworlh, S.M.

 Alfred University.

MEDICINE

 Dr. David H. Keller

 Asst. Supt..

Pennhurst State School

PHYSICS AND RADIO
Dr. Lee deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc;

PHYSICS

Professor A. L. Fitch

University of Maine.

PHYCHOLOGY
Dr. Marjorie E. Babcock,

Acting Director. Psychological
Clinic, University of Hawaii.

ZOOLOGY
Dr. Joseph G. Yoshioka

 Yale University.

These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all
- stories.

Positions of the Planets

Editor, Question* and Answers:	.

  Where are the planets seen, I mean in what part
of the sky, and in what months are they visible? 1
would appreciate it if you would make some sort of a
table, stating these facts.

                          Stephen Roberts

                           162 Laurel Street.

                         Manchester, N. H.

  (The planets, as their name indicates (from the
Greek planetes, wanderer) move about continually
against the background of fixed stars; but they are
always in a belt called the Zodiac, which is eu.ht
degrees each way, north and south, from the Ecliptic,
or apparent path of the sun among the stars. The
sun and moon were in ancient days, because of their
motions in the sky, reckoned as two of the “seven
planets"; the others being Mercury. Venus, Mars,
Jupiter and Saturn. In modern astronomy the sun
and moon arc no longer considered planets; but the
number has been increased by adding not only the
earth but Uranus, Neptune, Pluto, and the asteroids,
whih exceed a thousand in number.

  In order to locate the planets, it is desirable to have
a star map, showing the constellations of the Zodiac,
which serve as frames of reference. Jupiter and Ven-
us may often, however, be recognized by their bril-
liancy, which at its greatest far exceeds that of any
fixed star. Mars and Saturn are less distinctive;
Mercury, though brilliant, is seldom seen in northern
latitudes, because of his nearness to the sun. A keen
eye might detect Uranus, or the asteroid Ceres, if the
exact position were Indicated; but the others arc al-
ways invisible without the aid of telescopes.

At the beginning of May, 1931, the plafiets are

placed as follows: Mercury is almost directly bctwben
the sun and the earth, and therefore invisible. He
will reappear as a morning star, reaching great bril-
liancy three weeks after the conjunction, but. as said
above, will be very hard to find. The astronomer
Copernicus is said to have died lamenting that during
his long Ufe he had never seen Mercury; he had not.
however, a telescope.

  Venus is in the midst of the constellation Pisces,
and will rise in the morning, about two hoars before
the sun on May 1. It is impossible to mistake Venus,
which is the brightest object in the night sky; and
which con even be seen in daylight, if the observer
looks in the right place.

  Jupiter, on the other hand, is brighter than any
stars, Mars will be easier to identify; he will set about
ning. He is in the constellation Gemini, which may
be identified by its two bright stars, the Twins, which
are fairly close together, northeast of Orion. Jupiter
moves at the rate of only one sign of the Zodiac a
year.

  Mars, also an evening star, is much less brilliant.
He is at present in the constellation Cancer, moving
east. As this constellation has no first-magnitude
stars. Mars will be easier to identify; he will set about
midnight, much later than Jupiter.

  Saturn is at present a morning star in the southern
constellation Sagittarius, rising not long after mid-
night. He is of about the same brightness as Mars,
but less red. Since Saturn takes thirty years to ^cir-
cle the sun. his change of place is comparatively small
from year to year.

  Uranus, which passed behind the sun on April 2,
is in Pisces, not far from Venus; Neptune is dn the
constellation Leo. in the eastern sky in the oarly
evening: but these two will not be observable.

276
WONDER STORIES

277

  The outer or “superior” planets Saturn and Jupiter
are comparatively regular in their progress, though
they apparently swing back and forth each year. This
effect, due to the more rapid motion of the earth in
its orbit, is what might be called an exaggerated par-
allax effect. The movement of Mars is much more
irregular, because he is extremely close to the earth, in
comparison.

  The inner or “inferior” planets circle the ran more
rapidly than the earth, Mercury making more than
four revolutions during one of our years. They move
so fast that a lengthy table is necessary to indicate
their exact positions from time to time. However, in-
formation will be found, usually, in any almanac,
which will serve as a guide. To identify the outer
planets, it is necessary to know the brighter Btars of
the Zodiac, with which they might otherwise be con-
fused.—Editor)

A Correction.

 In one of your issues of WONDER STORIED, in
the “Science Questions and Answers Department,”
one of your readers asked the difference in construc-
tion of the infra-red and ultra-violet type of lamps.
The mercury tungsten arc lamp was described in full
detail, without giving credit or mentioning the name
of- the manufacturer of this type of ultra-violet
source.

  This type of (Si) Sunlamp incidently was discover-
ed and perfected at the labs of the General Electric
Vapor Lamp Co. find is being manufactured by the
General Electric Co. and the Westinghouso Elcctrio
Co.

  These units as bought by the publio consist of an
envelope of Corex-D glass which permits the radiation
of wavelengths as low as 2800 angstrom units, which
is well in the erythema producing region, yet above the
conjunctivitis region, thus eliminating the necessity
of goggles in using the lamp.

  This little correction in one ofl your future maga-
zines will be duly appreciated.

                       P. Rosenblatt,

                      Eng. Dept.,

General Electric Vapor Lamp Co.

                    Hoboken, N. J.

ship’s speed mast be continually increased by 160
feet per second. It is questionable whether this ac-
celeration could be borne by men for 60 minutes
not to say sixty days. If the acceleration is only 80
feet per second per second it would take 120 days
to reach the required speed.

 The second problem is that of power. A space
ship traveling away from the earth would normally
use its power only eight minutes and then it would
be exhausted. And under the most favorable condi-
tions, the resulting speed would be 7 miles per sec-
ond. But the ship our correspondent has in mind
must use its power continually for either 60 or 120
days as the case may be. For power is needed, even
in space away from all gravitation, to accelerate the
ship’s speed. The amount of power required there-
fore would be simply stupendous.

  The third question is that raised by the Einstein
theory. According to Einstein, the inertial mass of
a body increases with its speed. And the inertial
mass is exactly that which requires power to Bpeed
up the body. Now as the speed arrives let us say, at

10,000	miles per second the inertial mass becomes lar-
ger perceptibly, and the power required to accelerate
the ship becomes greater and greater each second.
Finally as the speed approaches that of light, the in-
ertial mass approaches infinity and the power re-
quired to speed it up approaches infinity.

  In “A Daring Trip to Mars’* by the late Max Val-
ier, in this issue, the author discusses how this feat
might be attained by the use of atomic energy.—Edi-
tor)

The Dynamic Universe

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  In the June issue, you mpntion a theory of James
Mackaye as an explanation of the phenomena of gravi-
tation, based upon pressure-producing radiations.

  It sounds very interesting and I wonder if you
would explain it more thoroughly by means of a dia-
gram.

                     Willard Hunt,

St. Louis, Mo.

  Showing how in Mack-
fcye’s theory gravitation
operates. All space is
filled with the pressure-
producing I radiations,
some of which become
pressureless G radia-
tions in passing through
any body. Thus, between
every pair of bodies,
there is an area of les-
sened pressure which
tends to force them to*
gether.

Speedy Rocket Ships

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  Once outside of the atmosphere would it be possible
for a rocket ship to attain a speed of 186,000 miles
per second, the speed of light?

                      Ed Morrison,

                     3914 N. W. Monroe St.,
                     Chicago, 111.

  "(THeoretically, and taken most generally there is
Sio reason why a speed of that of light could not be
attained. Practically, however, the problem presents
different aspects.

  In the first place, the acceleration of a ship start-
ing from rest, is limited by what the occupants can
stand. Let us assume that this limiting acceleration
is five times that of gravity, or 160 feet per second,
each second. To reach a speed of 186,000 miles per
second at that rate of acceleration would take ap-
proximately sixty days. Now, this does not mean
simply that the ship must be moving for sixty days,
it means that every second of that sixty days the

  (Referring to page 131 of the June issue, we men-
tioned that James Mackaye in his book, “The Dyna-
mic Universe” (Scribners) built up a case for what
he called his dynamic theory of gravitation. His
theme was that all space is filled with radiations,
called the ether perhaps, which penetrate all bodies.
When the radiations, however, pass through material
bodies such as planets, stars, etc., some of the radia-
tions change their nature and lose part of their pres-
sure-producing power. When they emerge from a
material body then they are pressnreless. In between
two bodies therefore there is an area composed part-
ly of pressureless radiations, a sort of partial pres-
sure vacuum. Thus by the superior force of the pres-
sure (see the illustration herewith) on the far side
of the bodies, they are drawn toward each other.
While this theory can stand serious questioning, it is
supported by numberless proofs offered by the auth-
or. It is helpful even though it may be eventually
disproved, as opening a new line of questioning of
one of the most important and least understood
phenomena of the cosmos.—Editor)
IN this department we shall publish every month
your opinions. After all, this is your magazine
and it is edited for you. If we fall down on the
choice of our stories, or if the editorial board slips
up occasionally, it is up to you to voice your opin-
ion. It makes no difference whether your letter ia
complimentary, critical, or whether it contains a good

       Utopia and the World Fair

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  Although I have been a constantly pleased and fully
satisfied reader of WONDER STORIES ever since it
was first published, I haven't yet taken the opportunity
to express my opinion of “our” magazine, until now.
The whole, simple cause of my finally writing this let-
ter is that super-excellent, most delightful, and entirely
‘different” masterpiece, “Utopia Island”.

  This truly “Utopian” tale will naturally receive many
words of praise and thanks from other readers, but it
can never be over-praised, for the author, Otfrid von
Iianstein, has so splendidly, carefully, and realistically
written the tale that the reader actually feels himself
an elated member and participant in the entire story.
Truly an extraordinary and “Utopian” masterpiece I
And then there's the announcement of another marve-
lous tale, “A DariDg Trip to Mars,” by Max Valier!
This will be another masterpiece, I'm sure.

  While reading of the “Sport Festival” in “Utopia
Island,” I had a rather strange idea: Wouldn’t it be
wonderful if some of the astounding inventions used
in the festival on Santa Seientia could be developed
for the coming World’s Fair in Chicago? Wouldn’t
the rest of the world be astounded by the ultra-futuris-
tic exhibition that Chicago would develop if it possessed
the marvelous and ingenious “Utopian” inventions?
Rather a startling dream, isn’t it? A dream, a soap-
bubble, which is supported only by that tiny, insigni-
ficant word, “IF”. Nevertheless, even though it is
entirely impossible for Chicago to possess a Santa Scien-
tia in time for 1933, it is certan that some time in the
future there will exist a true utopia, and then the world
will actually begin to LIVE, to develop that ultimate
in all arts and sciences I

  For that reason I wish that I possessed a time-maeli- .
ine, so that I might catch a few glimpses of the Utopia
of the Future. But wishes are futile,” my mind tells
me. “Go, think, work, and construct a Time-Machine,
and then .... I”

  Back to F.arth. All in all, the June issue of WON-
DER STORIES was perfect. Every story in this issue
Avas excellent, with the “Utopian” story at the peak,
and that marvelous tale, "In the Spacesphere,” a very
close second. More issues like this one, and we shall
have no need of any other Time-Machine than TTO.V-
DER STORIES!

  Long live Science Fiction, the Spice of Life!

                         Robert Belirik,

                       1514 W. 18th Street,

                          Chicago, Illinois.

  (Mr. Behrik’s idea strikes us as a real inspiration.
We see no reason why he should not approach the com-
mission handling the details of the World Fair and
put his proposal to them. If worked out properly it
might well become one of the most startling attrac-
tions of the entire program. You have our enthus-
iastic support, Mr. Behrik, go to it I—Editor)

        A Contracting Universe

Editor, WONDER STORIES: *

  T am not egotistical enough to imagine myself a
scientist, but I would like to offer my solution to
Mr. P. Schuyler Miller’s perplexing problem.

  Einstein and others have propounded new ideas
which might have revolutionized classical physics. One
is almost forced to believe that these new concepts have
destroyed the physical universe so far as an ability to
picture it physically is concerned.

  Probably a fairly accurate conception of the world

old-fashioned brick bat. All are equally welcome.
All of your letters, aB much as space will allow, will
be published here for the benefit of all. Due to the
large influx of mail, no communications to this de-
partment are answered individually unless 25c in
stamps to cover time and postage is jemitted.

would be more readily achieved if we admitted at the
outset that we have a psychological rather than a
physical world to picture.

  It was long ago recognized that an infinite universe
cannot be reconciled with Newton's law of gravitation.
If this were true then there would be infinite mass in
all directions with the result that an indeterminate force
would attract every celestial body from all directions.

  A stable system like a solar system oould not exist,
y we imagine an infinite space with an infinite num-
ber of stars we could well wonder why these celestial
bodies did not scatter throughout eternity.

  Einstein assumed the universe to have a finite vol-
ume although it was unbounded. However the circum-
ference of a circle has no end, but it has a definite
length. This is so because it is curved. Tin* earth's
surface is endless but definite in area. Since no
human can conceive of sphericaJ space it can only be
represented mathematically.

  Einstein propounded the idea of a curvature to the
universe—thus a boundless universe which is limited.

  For anyone who may be interested, my source of in-
formation is, “Foundations of the Universe,” by M.
Luckiesh, published by D. Van Nostrand Company,
New York.

                      Richard A. D. Evans,

                      809 Converse Ave.,

                           Springfield, 111.

  (While we agree in the main with Mr. Evan’s views,
he omits one point. The universe might well be drawn
together by an infinite force, or it might conversely
be scattered in all directions, but the accomplishment
of this might take millions of years. We must remem-
ber that man has been observing the heavens with
exactness for only a few hundred years, and his exact
data on the far off stars dates perhaps for only 100
years. We therefore have only an infinitesimal base
on which to determine what might have been going on
for millions upon millions of years; and what we have
been able to determine is practically of no cosmic conse-
quence.

  The fastest moving nebula travels so we learn at
approximately 12,000 miles a second, or in a year 1 /15
of a light year. Now this and other stars may be up-
ward of 100,000,000 light years away. It would then
take 1,500,000,000 years for that nebula to reach us,
assuming that the solar system is the centftr upon which
the whole universe may be contracting. How there-
fore can we determine with our hundred years or so
of observation that this is or is not occurring? Or,
that the universe is not exploding—as present day
astronomers believe—that all heavenly bodies are not
rushing away from a center? We must be patient for
another 100,000 years in order to gather real data
upon which to judge these cosmic events.—Editor)

Science Fiction Movies

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  I suppose I am not the only reader of science fiction
who has often wondered why so few motion pictures
are based on this popular type of literature. While
the films have gone in heavily for Western, love and
crime stories, they have ignored almost entirely the rich
and fertile field of science fiction. Of course, there
have been a few notable exceptions, such as “The Lost
World,” “Metropolis,” and “By Rocket to the Moon”.
But these worthwhile efforts were buried in the deluge
of hooey from Hollywood.

  The indifference of movie producers to science fiction
is probably due to a mistaken idea on their part that
the public does not care for science fiction.

(Continued on Page 280)
WONDER STORIES

  Are

 Your

Children

Protected

    WHAT a Godsend to know that your wife and chil-
    dren will not be left penniless or in want—no mat-
    ter what happens to you.

      At a cost so small you will never miss it, you CAN
    give them that very protection—the security of one of
    the best, standard, old-line life insurance policies ever
    issued. A policy .that pays $1,000, and carries $5,000
    accident protection now costs only $4.13 at age 35
    (other ages in proportion).

      You probably are surprised that insurance could cost
    bo little—how do we do it? Because we sell entirely by
    mail. No agents’ commissions to pay, no medical fees,
    ot similar expenses or red tape. We pay YOU the dif-
    ference for examining a free sample policy at your leis-
    ure and selling yourself. Mail the coupon below; we
    will mail you a sample policy to look over. If you like
    it, keep it—if you don’t, it costs nothing, and no agent
    will call.

      Give your children this vital protection while you are
    still INSURABLE. Don’t wait for someone to sell you
    —sell yourself, and enjoy the peace of mind and satis-
    faction of knowing they truly are cared for. Mail the
    coupon now.

FREE! Mail this coupon TODAY for sample policy and
complete details.

Union Mutual Life Company of Iowa,	(Box 218)

Des Moines, Iowa.

  Send me above described Free sample policy and complete
details—this is not to obligate me in any way*

Name.___________________

Address-—-------------

Age

        Occupation-----
280

WONDER STORIES

      The Home Hotel
      of New York

         Homelike in service,
         appointments and lo-
         cation . . . away from
         noise and congestion,
         yet but a few minutes
         from Times Square ...
         garage facilities for
         tourists.

Room and Bath from
$3 single $4 double
500 Rooms

Home folks will
like this hotel

HOTEL;

BRETTON HALL

BROADWAY at 86th ST.
NEW YORK

ATLANTIC CITY'S

NEWEST CENTRALLY LOCATED
FIREPROOF HOTEL

HOTEL I'UQY

       SOUTH CAROLINA AVE.

      AT. THE BOARDWALK

$2.50, EUROPEAN PLAN
$5.00, AMERICAN PLAN

      GARAGE ATTACHED

WIRE • PHONE ■ WRITE R. 8. LUDY. M. D.

 Don’t fail to turn to page 284 of this issue and
 read the important subscription announcement.

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 278)

   Perhaps if a sufficient number of readers of WON-
DER STORIES wrote to various film companies asking
for more science-fantasy pictures," their request would
be heeded. Some time ago, I sent a letter along that
line to Carl Laemmle, President of Universal Pictures,
suggesting that a good talkie might be made from Mrs.
Shelley’s “Frankenstein,” a widely-known story of the
science-fiction type. Now I understand that Universal
will do “Frankenstein” in a few months. Here's hop-
ing it will be followed by more of the same kind.

                         Allen Glasser,

                        1610 University Ave.,

                     New York, N. Y.

   (Mr. Glasser-s thought is an excellent one. There
 is no reason why well-staged and thrilling stories of
 future science should not find a real place in the film
 schedules of all companies. Perhaps the next few years
 will show an avalanche of such films. That is the way
 America does things.—Editor)

The first exploration of Pluto, mystery planet
of the solar system
is offered to you in
Stanton H. Coblentz’

powerful novel

“INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS”

   The adventure of two men on that lonely world,
outpost of the solar system, will, grip you not
only with the terrific drama, the magnificent scenes
of that underworld life, but with that biting satire
tnat is the weapon of our author.

“THE AVENGING RAY”

ia the new offering of our popular newcomer
A. Rowley Hilliard
An intensely realistic story .of an experiment
that got out of hand, and nearly upset a contin-
ent.

“WHEN PLANETS CLASHED”

By Manley Wade Wellman

 is a fair, unbiased but exciting version of an in-
 terplanetary war.

    ✓ “THE EMPIRE OF GLASS”

By Frank Miloche,

is a time travelling story of a new and original
type, picturing the death gasps of a civilization
that is beaten.

Read also of the exciting
“INTERPLANETARY PLOT CONTEST”

These stories and more in the
SPRING 1931 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
NOW ON SALE ALL NEWSSTANDS

Blue Nothingness

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

   I suppose that I am a little late to comment on the
 April issue, but I have just finished reading it.

   In “The Emperor of the Stars” the authors state
that the stars of the strange universe into which their
heroes stumbled were dark and that space was blue.
I can picture dark stars, but fancy blue space I All
done up in pink ribbons I suppose. How can space,
NOTHINGNESS, have color? An excellent story
nevertheless.

   “An Adventure In Futurity” by Olark Ashton
Smith brings up that much disputed possibility of
tinfe-travelling. Suppose Hugh ^ had brought the
twenty dollar gold piece that Kronous showed him
back to his own time. Then the SAME TWENTY
DOLLAR GOLD PIECE would be simultaneously in
Hugh's possession and in the possession of the one
to whom it rightfully belonged in 19:t0. Scientists
state that two bodies cannot occupy the same space
at the same time, but it is equally true that the same
WONDER STORIES

281

body cannot occupy more than one space at the same

       things like this that cause me to think that if
the time-travelling exponents are rights then Am
hats. Clever and original writers should be privi-
leged to use time-travelling machines in their stories,
however, because of the interesting adventures which
their heroes may have in some future time.

“The Sargasso Monster” turned out to be about
what I expected of Edsel Newton—'very poor indeed.

  Hamilton is at his best in The Man Who Evolved .
a very thought-provoking story.

  It has been said lhait there are only about five or
six real original plots for stories, and that all stories
are only rehashed versions of these half-dozen types.
If ever a machine is invented to automatically rehash
theso plots into new stories (and there probably will
be), then I would expect the machine-made story to
r^ad something like the usual Hamilton product—with
itsSjeadly monotony of style.	,

  While I sympathize with Leslie F. Stone in her
fight to uphold the importance of women, yet I feel
that she has overdone the thing in “The Conquest of
Gola". Here men are the ascendant sex. While men
may love, respect, hate or detest women; they do not
usually regard women as ineffectual creatures, to sym-
pathize for or despise, as the case may be, as a bunch
of weaklings. Yet this is the abnormaj viewpoint
which the Golan women took toward their men, be-
cause they happened to be the weaker sex.

  I wi^h you would cease to waste valuable space
with “bug” stories. I detest them. Granted that
big bugs or insects ar© possible, there is no science
in them. I refer, of course, to ’’Great Green Things”,
but it has been your policy lately to print a similar
story in each issue.

  Lastly, I add my voice to those of many others
and request that you have more illustrations by Paul—
two to every story if you wish. We simply can't get
too many.

                    Harrv R. Pancoast,

                      306 'West 28th St..

                     Wilmington, Delaware.

  (Mr. Pancoast evidently overlooked the vital part
of the Schacliner and Zagat theme. Their idea was
that in the new universe all phenomena were differ-
ent in their nature. In our own universe, space is
black because the absence of light conveys an im-
pression to our optic nerves that we have interpreted
as blackness. There is no reason why in the topsy-
turvy universe pictured, space might not have intrin-
sic properties of its own that convey impressions of
other colors.

  Naturally the theme our authors took was a very
difficult one to carry out to its bitterly logical end,
but from reader comments they did a marvelous job.
—Editor)

Villain is a Victim

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  When you used to publish your Science Fiction in
"Science and* Invention” I always would read the fic-
tion before turning to the more serious part of -the
maeazine. Later I became a charter subscriber to
“Amazing Stories” and then SCIENCE WONDER
STORIES. Hitherto I have remained silent because
I have felt that your policy was balanced as could be
expected, but the frequency in which you publish time
stories induces me to let off a lot of steam.

  Some of these stories, in which the heroes travel into
the past without actually being able to affect the
past in any way are quite convincing, but when, as in
“Worlds to Barter” in the May issue, they present
one time affecting another, they do so in a sloppy
manner. For if we could, influence the past or the
future, would it continue to remain past or future?
In “Worlds to Barter,” all the people of the twenty-
first century would have had to have done was to pay
no attention to the men of the future as they could
not harm them because to do so would prevent their
birth.	.

  It has been pointed out in “The Reader Speaks’ that
if a man could influence the past, he oould, by killing
his ancestor prevent his birth. Similarly, if we could
perceive events of the future we could prevent calami-
ties by eliminating the causes in the present.

  Tims, if we knew, by traveling into the future that
a certain person would cause a tremendous world cala-
mity we could prevent one of that person’s ancestors
from reproducing, thus preventing the calamity. Then
what wo perceived as future would not be the future.
I do not wish to state that time travel is in my opin-
(Continued on Page 282)

RUDOLPH L. DUNCAN, President, RCA
Institutes, Inc.; Member, Institute
of Radio Engineers; Member, Radio Club
of America: Member, Veteran Wireless
Operators Association; Captain, SCR,

United States Army.

A Radio

message

To men who are looking ahead!
by R. L. DUNCAN

 ONLY a few men will read this message ... but
 they will be the type of men in whom I am
 personally interested. For such men ... I want
 to open the door to thorough training in radio. And
 the coupon below is the first step!

 Naturally, we want our message to reach as many
 men as possible. So we founded resident schools in four
 metropolitan cities. Then we opened our courses to
 men all over the world who cannot afford to give up
 their positions. Thousands of our students study at
 home in their spare time. With the equipment we fur-
 nish, they have their own radio laboratory right at
 home! You, too, can startyour course at home any time!

 \ Our courses cover the entire radio field. We train
 beginners who have had no previous knowledge of
 radio. Advanced students take our more technical
 courses. But whatever branch of radio interests you...
 is all ready for you to study. The cost is surprisingly
 low for the training you get.

 As the oldest radio school in America, we have given
 training to nearly 20,000 men. Many of these are now
 executives and engineers in the largest broadcasting
 andmanufacturing companies. Butnoneof these
 arrived overnight. Nor will you. Yoursuccess depends
 on how well you train yourself... how hard you work.
 But we will help you. I personally invite you to write to
 me for our free book that gives you the complete story.

RCA INSTITUTES, Inc.

 Gentlemen: Please
 send mo your FREE
 book which tells
 about your laboratory
 method of radio in-
 struction at home.

RCA INSTITUTES. Inc.
Dept. NP-7

75 Varick St. New York. N. Y.

Occupation
282

WONDER STORIES

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued jrom Page 281)

ion impossible bat I do feel that insulating people
against the effects of time is not sufficiently explained
by the authors of these time stories.

  I also fail to understand the popularity of Schach-
ner and Zagat. Thedr plots are interesting and -well
told but they never seem to tire of digging the melo-
drama villain out of discard and using him in their
stories. Stories of the future should beware of nine-
teenth century faults. I never can read one of their
stories without feeling that the villain is victim of
propaganda and really a nice fellow at heart. It
sounds like a description of a German by a 1918 pro-
pagandist.

  There are many things in your magazine that I dis-
like but I think the Readers’ letters are about the worst
(mine included). One author will go into a streak of
genius and wear out his imagination developing the
story, have real situations, work in the science logi-
cally yet naturally, put in natural drama and comedv
relief, and bring the whole to a fitting climax; and
in a couple of months you will find in ‘‘The Reader
Speaks” letters claiming he is too bizarre, etc. or else
no mention at all.

  Another will take his people to some planet in some
fashion he fails to explain and have them meet people
or beasts which he fails to account for and suddenly
bring out a marvelously beautiful girl with whom the
hero falls in love, a love whifch she of course recipro-
cates, and then take them through a series of impos-
sible adventures. (Why are heroines all beautiful?
Most beautiful girls are so insipid, when you know
them. I have known many cases of love at first sight
all of which developed into indifference at continued
absence.) That sort of story is disgusting. Yet your
letters all say what fine stories they are.

  "Utopia Island” is almost a bit too much like
“Electropolis”. Both are very interesting however al-
though for' some reason they do not have the charm
of Gawain Edwards. Could it be lost in the trans-
lation ?

     K nnftWILL BE PAID TO ANYONE
     ?3,UUUwHO PROVES THAT THIS
     is not the actual photo of myself showing
     my superb pbyslaue and how llie Ross Sys-
     tem has increased my own height to 6
     ft. 3 3-4 iDcbes:

        Hundreds of Testimonials. Clients up to
        (5 years eld gain I to 6 in. in few weeks.

        No Appliances. No drugs. No dieting. First in 1007
        Ross System Never Fails. Fee Ten Dol- First Today
        iars Complete. Convincing Testimony and Particulars
        5 cent stamp. 'Allow timo for return mails across tho
        Atlantic.' G. MALCOLM ROSS. Height Specialist.
        Scarborough, England (P. 0. Box 15).

ooA /oVors

Ex-Librij-^ooA Plates

Latest series of 0LT> MASTERS book-
plates, reproducing antique woodcuts and
engravings. Unique creations for book-lnvera
gho appreciate the unusual. Write for
illustrate! catalogue and specimen,
lifilfillflClllB enclose 10 cents for mailing chargo.

                    ISKOR PRESS. INC. IQ Park Pl**-
Dept. A-731, New York, N. Y.

              T ET U3 arrange a romantic correspon-
              l— dence for you. Mee t yoar sweetheart
              thru the world’s foremost high-class
              social correspondence club, a club for re-
              fined lonely people. Members every-
              j CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified
              service. *We have made thousands of lonely people
              happy, why not yoo? Write/or FREE Particulars.

 EVA MOORE. BOX 008. JACKSONVILLE, FLA

I HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU

BE sure to read the interesting announce-
ment on page 284 of this issue—it’s
well worth spending a few minutes to read
it.

Around the corner from the
Little Church around the Corner

 Hotel Seville

 MADISON AVENUE                            
 £J 29th Street                            
 New York City                             
 A hotel of distinction and comfort within 
 walking distance of shopping and amuse¬   
 ment centers. Five minutes from Times     
 Square, Pennsylvania Station and Grand    
 Central Terminal.                         
 Room $/5.00 Pcr                           
 and Bath O Day Up                         
 Convenient to all                         
 points of interest                        

WONDER STORIES

283

  If the world follows the trend proposed by most
of your authors, I pity it. They all show a decided
lack of balance. Most them go into great detail on
the mechanical side of it but forget about the social
side. Those that go into finance all imagine a sys-
tem similar to our own. When we consider that
money as we know it today was non-existent five
centuries ago, I personally doubt if the world will
endure a fluctuating standard the rest of this cen-
tury. Rut the social side is almost abandoned. Lov-
ina Johnson's letter seemed to express a sentiment
which we hear too often today.

  The supposed disintegration of the home is I feel
due to circumstances of environment rather than
lack of ideals. Change the environment and your
problem will vanish. I feel that this is true of crime
also. Certainly we all violate laws or morals because
we feel it is to our advantage to do so. If we all
felt that we would lose by so doing I doubt if there
would be any social problems except mentally diseased
and that is only a problem of courage.

  Both the Freudian and behaviorist schools claim
that environment is a most important factor. Her-
editary traits are like clay and environment the sculp-
tor. We can raise almost perfect humans if we
bent our effort along this line with the same energy
we give to Physics and its associated exact sciences.

  Then also what about the aesthetic nature of the
future f How will all this promised uniformity effect
us! Will we cease to have theaters, concerts, motion
pictures (I hope so on that hist). Will television
supplant them/ What about art? Dr. Keller has
taken up the physical side but recreation is merely
touched on,

                       Orrick A. Childs,

                          2-18 S. -14th St.,

                        Philadelphia, Pa.

  (It’s true, as Mr. Childs points out that wo all
seek in a story for what we personally are hungry
for. One man wants to be a hero and to read an
heroic story and conquer great difficulties; another
wants just pure adventure and to travel in a story
to distant worlds; another wants to find some ideas
and thoughts to stimulate his mind. To each of these
aspirations, science fiction offers food.

  With regard to contests we refer our readers to
the “Interplanetary Plot Contest" in the Spring 1931
Wonder Stories Quarterly which is now on the news-
stands. We believe it will offer more real interest
and enjoyment, as well as constructive opportunities
to our readers than anything else we have offered.—
Editor)

Ballast on the Moon Journey

Editor, WONDER STORIES-.

  I am not going to write a long letter but T do wish
to say that WONDER STORIES has the best stories
that I have ever read with one or two exceptions such
as "Time Journeys” and “Synthetic Men” and the
like.

  In 1 he April number I think I would rate the
stories as follows:

  Emperor of the Stars—very good.

  The Return from Jupiter—very good.

  An Adventure in Futurity—fair.

  The Sargasso Monster—fair.

  The Man who Evolved—verv fine, but extraordin-
ary.

  The Conquest of Gola—fair.

  Great Green Things—good.

  I reading your stories I become almost hypnotized
with interest, hating to go to bed while reading these
most unusual and gripping stories.

  I will not take up mucn more of your time than
to tell you that all my short life (16 years) I have
had a wild desire to go to Mars or the Moon or any
other foreign planets. Reading your most exciting
and magazine has created a desire that is of long
standing, and if you ever know of any stray trips
of this nature that might need about 140 lbs. of bal-
last for no good reason, why please let me know, and
I will pack up and join you no matter where the
journey is to be headed for.

  Hoping to hear from you in the near future (by
thought waves, radio, television or seeing this in
print) I remain as ever a true and loyal WONDER
STORIES reader.

                     Van Horn Fabriclus,

                       477 Central Ave.,

                     Orange, N. J.

(Unfortunately for the thousands of enthusiasts, a
space flight will no have need of ballast. On the
contrary, on the first dozen or so flights, eaich pound
(Continued on Pape 284)

   The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNORANCE
 of the most important subject in the life of
 every man and woman—SEX.

  AWAY WITH FALSE MODESTY

   Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly and
 frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us
 tear the veil of shame and mystery from sex
 and build the future of the race on a new
 knowledge of all the facts of sex as they are
 laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words,
 and frank pictures in the huge new library of
 Sex Knowledge.

“MODERN EUGENICS”

  544

SECRETS

Everything a
Married Woman
Should Know—

How to hold a husband
How to have perfect children
How to preserve youth
Warding off other women
Keeping yourself attractive
Why husbands tire of wives
Dreadful diseases due to
Ignorance
Diseases of women
Babies and birth control
Twilight sleep—easy childbirth
How babies are conceived
Diseases of children
Family health guide
Change of life—hygiene
Why children die young
Inherited traits and disease*
What will you tell your grow-
ing girl ?

The mystery of twin*
Hundreds of valuable
remedies

Secrets
for Men—

Mistakes of early marriage*
Secret of fascination
.Toys of perfect mating
How to make women love

    you

Bringing up healthy children
Fevers and contagious diseases

 Accidents and emergencies
 Hygiene in the home
 Limitation of offspring
 The sexual embrace
 Warning to young men
 Kecrcts of greater delight
 Dangerous diseases
 Bccrets of sex attraction
 Hygienic procautions
 Anatomy and physiology
 The reproductive organs
 What evory woman wants
 Education of the family
 Sex health and prevention

Girls—

Don’t Marry
before you know
all this—

 The dangers of Petting
 How to be a vamp
 How to manage the honey-
 moon

 What liberties to allow a
    lover

 Secrets of tho wedding night
 Beauty diets and baths
 Do you know that—
 flow to attract desirable mon
 How to manage men
 How to know if he loves you
 How to acquire bodily grace
 and beauty
 How to- beautify face, hands,
 V hair, teeth and feet
 How to acquire charm
 How to dress attractively
 Intimate personal hygiene
 How to pick a husband

[

          IMPORTANT t
This work will not be sold to minors.
.When ordering your book, state your age I _

                       Grenpark Company
                       245 Greenwich St.
                       Dept. WS-* 731
                       New York, N. Y.

                             Please send me "Mod-
                             ern Eugenics'* SKALED

My age Is ............... ^ Plain wrapper. I am

                          sending you $2.98 In

Name .................... accordanco with your

Address .................. 6pecial half prico offer.

City and State............
284

WONDER STORIES

FREE!

A 98-page book containing the classic
Interplanetary Story of all times. . . .

By Garret Smith

   t'ROM a selection of many famous old clas-
 sics, there has been selected the most
 fascinating, and perhaps the greatest classic
 of interplanetary stories, and reprinted in
 modern book form with flexible covers. This
 wonderful volume, entitled ‘Between Worlds’,
 should be included in every library, and the
 opportunity. to get it FREE is yours if you
 act quickly.'

  To readers of WONDER STORIES, both
new and old, this handsomely bound book will
be given with one years’ subscription to WON-
DER STORIES. Regardless of when your
subscription expires, you may renew it at this
time and get this book for your library.

   Simply clip the coupon below—mail it with
 your remittance and you will receive WON-
 DER STORIES each month for the next year.

WONDER STORIES	WS-731

96-98 Park Place, New York, N. Y.

   As per your special offer, I enclose herewith my re-
 mittance of $2.50 (check or money order accepted) for
 which you are to enter my subscription for one year to
 WONDER STORIES, and also send me absolutely free,
 by return mail, a copy of ‘Between Worlds’.

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continuned from. Page 283)

of weight taken along, whether of man or equipment
must have a definite use. The orew will all be com-
posed of men whose presence on the ship is abso-
lutely necessary to the journey’s success.

  Only when the technique of space flying has been
perfected will there come journeys when enthusiasts
will have an opportunity to taste the glories and the
thrills of the infiuite spaces. But Mr. Fabricius’ spirit
is splendid. It is the enthusiasm of young men of
today that will build the space flyer in the next
generation.—Editor)

Wonders of the Machine Age

(Continued from Page 151)

  I have given these few examples only to show why
people should keep a Jevcl head in these days of
stress and not become unduly excited about the fu-
ture. The Machinc Age and Applied Science, far from
destroying humanity, is now, and will forever be,
humanity’s servant.

  I will go on record and Btato that, with very few
exceptions, practically all useful inventions and useful
machines, so far invented, have not only helped the
human race socially, but HAVE BEEN THE DIRECT
CAUSE OF KEEPING MILLIONS OF PEOPLE EM-
PLOYED. It is the common talk of the misinformed,
as well of the so-called informed classes, that the pre-
sent unemployment situation is due to the machine.
The argument runs something as follows:

  A factory gives employment to a thousand men. A
new invention is made and new machinery is installed
in this plant, which then does twice as much work
with half the men. Half of the men are thrown out
of employment; consequently, the new machine has
been destructive, in that it put 500 men out of
work.

  This argument is pure foolishness; for, u its pro-
ponent stopped to think about it, he could reason that
the argument of necessity was wrong. There is not
a single useful machine or invention which has not
given actual employment in the course of time, and
actually created employment where none existed be-
fore.

  In Collier's, the National Weekly, lately, was a most
interesting article which I heartily recommend to all.
It is entitled “The Job Making Machine”, by John T.
Flynn. The author takes a single machine, the auto-
mobile, and cites the following facts, which are not
fancy or hearsay, but can be easily proved from re-
ports of the Department of Commerce, and other in-
dustrial bodies, for all who care to look into the
facts:

  There are over a million men employed in the pro-
duction of automobiles and their components: 427,000
automobile factory workers; 250,000 automobile parts
workers; 135,000 tire workers; 72,000 in blast fur-
naces and steel mills; 15,000 in the production of
coppeT and other metals; 18,000 lumbermen and wood
workers; 76,000 in the production of textiles, glass
and other materials; 7,000 producing coal and power.
There are 170,000 making and marketing automobile
accessories.

  Then, too, there are 370,000 dealers and sales-
men; 420,000 garage and service men; 650,000
chauffeurs and cabmen; 1,500,000 truck and bus driv-
ers.

  The total of those who derive their employment
from the automotive industry and automotive opera-
tion reaches four and a half millions; an increase of

1,275,000	in the past five years I The automobiles
use more steel than any other industry—more than
tho United States produced thirty years ago; their
tires use more cotton than was used for all purposes
thirty years ago. There are 60,000 men employed
in the production of gasoline; 125,000 in road build-
ing and maintenance. On tho railroads, 90.000 are
employed through the transportation of motor cars.
Vast amounts of building construction have been
brought about, by the extended radius of travel which
the automobile has given to the public.

  “I have chosen the automobile industry, says Mr.
Flynn, “to illustrato what is going on in industry as
a result of the machine; because its effects are visi-
ble on a large scale. But what is true of the automo-
WONDER STQRjIES

285

Wonders of the Machine Age

bile is true in a smaller way of many other indus-
tries.”

  Now then, the automobile is only one machine;
but the same case could be built up for any other
useful machine, be it the steam engine, the printing
press, the radio or thousands of others.

  It is perfectly true that a new and revolutionary
invention or a labor-saving machine may throw out
of employment, TEMPORARILY, some people. No one
denies this; you cannot have revolutions without a
temporary loss of some kind. But the point is, that
the 500 men thrown out of employment, whom I men-
tioned above, are not going to be out of employment
forever ;*they will find other jobs, -probably created,
directly or indirectly, by the very machine that threw;
them out of work originally. Our present civiliza-
tion is so interdependent, as a little thought on the
subject must convince the most skeptical, that m the
final analysis the Machine and Applied Science will
make emjdoyment for them.

  What most people are apt to forget is that there
were unemployment crises long before there was a
Machine Age; and that there have been unemploy-
ment cycles from the earliest recorded civilization
down to the present day. More than 150 years ago,
there was certainly no Machine Age; yet there were
world-wide depressions and unemployment cycles then,
just as we have them today.

  Famines, pestilence and other scourges were the
usual thing long before the Machine Age, when there
was no machine to put the blame on. Today, thanks
to the Machine Age. we no longer have country-wide
famines of the severity of the past; and thanks to
science, we no longer have the scourges and pesti-
lences that our ancestors had to contend with. Quick
communication by rail, water, and air, tends to do
away with both acute famine and widespread dis-
eases.

  It is admitted, as I said before, that new mach-
ines, new inventions, may temporarily throw people
out of employment; but, within a few years, this
situation rectifies itself to the benefit of all con-
cerned. It is even conceivable that the Machine Age
in the end will do away with business cycles. How-
ever, since business fluctuations are caused princi-
pally by human nature, it may take centuries, and
indeed, thousands of years, before the millenium is
reached—if ever.

  All nature runs in cycles. Just as the sun has
its sunspots in a regular cycle; just as the earth
lias its cyclcs of earthquakes and cycles of drought;
just so economics will have its cycles—its ups and
downs. There are many causes to which the present
unemployment situation is attributable; for they 3re
world-wide and are just as acute in the non-mech-
anized countries as they are in the more industrial
ones. We need not go into these causes, because I
really believe that no one knows all of them.

  Certainly, the Machine Age is not an important
cause and, if we did not have our machine civiliza-
tion, it is quite certain that the depression would be
far more severe than it is today. It is certain that
the cycle would, as it has done in past ages, run for
a longer period than it does today.

  The reason is, that the causes of all of our trou-
bles lie not in the machine, but are really found in
human nature. When people start to hoard their
money, when they are afraid of their own shadow,
and when they tremble at the future for no reason
at all, the machine certainly cannot be blamed.

  For my part, I have always felt that the present
depression is purely psychological rather than physi-
cal, and in the last analysis, it probably will be found

sS.

  What has all of this got to do with SCIENCE
FICTION 'I Just this:

  Science fiction is based upon the progress of science;
THAT IS ITS VERY FOUNDATION. Without it.
there could be no science fiction.

  On the other hand, science fiction is supposed to
portray and mirror the future as reasonably as it is
possible to do from our present perspective.

  If you admit that Machines and Science are all
wrong, and that they are destroying humanity, then
there should be no such thing as science fiction; and
it would be useless to preach the gospel of science.

I feel most strongly on the subject because during
recent months, we have received a number of science
(Contimied on Paye 286)

  CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

   Advertisements in this section are inserted
   at the cost of ten cents per word for
   each insertion—name, initial and address
   each count as one word. Cash should ac-
   company all classified advertisements unless
   placed by a recognized advertising agency.
   No less than ten words are accepted. Ad-
   vertising for the August 1931 issue should
   be received not later than June 7th.

AGENTS WANTED

SENSATIONAL Garage tool. Earn $100.00 weekly
supplying demand. No competition. Demonstra-
tor free. B & G Tool' Company, Box 18,
Kewanee, 111.

_DETECTIVES___

DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Excellent oppor-
tunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars Free.
Write, George Wagner, 2190-B Broadway, N. Y.

____ELECTRICAL_

ELECTRIC Pun! 200 stunts, 110 volts, $1.00.
Curring Sons, Campbell, Calif._

~_FORMULAS_

MAKE AND SELL your own products. We will
furnish you any formulas. Write for our litera-
ture. Chemical Institute, 19S Park Place, New
York, N. Y._

_HELP WANTED______

POSITIONS on Ocean Liners; Experience un-
necessary. List of positions free. 292-G, Mt.

Vernon, N. Y.___

' _MISCELLANEOUS__

AGENCY Wanted for all scientific works. Es-
pecially any touching on obvious infinities of the
universe. P. L. Jones, G. P. O. Box 543, New
York.

_PERSONAL_

LONESOME POLKS! Dandy little ladies, de-
sirable gentlemen, everywhere, will marry. Con-
fidential, reliable. Particulars FREE. Mrs. Budd,
Box 753-S, San Francisco, Calif.

WHAT'S LIFE without a Sweetheart? You have
a right to happiness. Particulars free. Write to
Aunt Mary’s Social Club, 4707 Malden Street.
Chicago, 111.__

PHOTOGRAPHY

PHOTO-ENLARGEMENTS AT HALF-PRICE —
5 x 7—25c; 8 x 10—40c; 16 x 20—$1.50 Glossy or
dull finish. Other sizes proportionate prices. Send
negative. Stamps accepted. Send for circular.
Charles, 210 Chestnut St., Camden, N. J._

       SONG POEM WRITERS

ORIGINAL Music to your words $5.00! Frank
Littig, Nipomo, Calif._

Fchallenge

you that I will teach you, by mail, in one lesson,
the simplest, shortest method. All for $1.00. Not
telepathy. You can read one’s mind to a dotl by
only looking in the eyes of partners, chum, sweet-
heart, etc. Praised by New York, Boston, Montreal
Police chiefs; colleges; Thurston; Blackstone, etc.
If fake, let them arrest me.

         A. HONIGMAN, Dept. WS-7
5390 Clarke Street	Montreal, Canada

nib o ~fr~y~y?r?r~5~y7r?f~y~y~?r~?fTiy~b s^b~2rn~d~cns~

cj/ie TRANSMITTER UNIT

lOO C/sfjs- —'

SKINDERVIKEN MICROPHONE BUT-
TON—Powerful Speech and Phonograph
Amplifier—Detectophone, etc., ctc. One
unit 95c—two, *1.75, with 12-puge book-
lot of experiments. Sent C. O. D. in
U. S.; foreign—cash with ordor, PBESS
GUILD, INC., 10 Murray St.. Dept.

A-7S1 New York, N. Y.

----
286

WONDER STORIES

new TC

 DC IT —

 Popular homecraft is The

  What to Build and How to Build
  in Books. Each issue is full of in-
  teresting and practical things to Build.
  Every subject treated. Large 96-page
  book, profusely illustrated with large
  size drawings and illustrations — no
  guessing. Edited by men who know—
  Covers woodworking, metal working,
  copper and silver, artistic subjects to
  make. Pewter, leather, models, boats,
  coaches, etc., etc. Summer articles,
  outdoor furniture, swings, toys, trel-
  ises, arbors, etc., etc. Send the Coupon
  Below. If, after you have read 3
  issues, you wish, we will return your
  dollar. Send it now—new issue just
  out.

         Rush Coupon Today!
POPULAR HOMECRAFT
701 N. Michigan Ave.,
Chicago, III.

  Here’s my Dollar, send me the next three
big issues of Popular Homecraft. If, after
reading three issues, I don’t like the maga-
zine—you will refund my dollar on request.

Name__

Address
State —

Wonders of the Machine Age

    f	(Continued from Page 285)

fiction stories, probably fostered by the unemployment
atmosphere, which I have rejected because they dis-
torted the facts and, in many cases, were pure out-
and-out propaganda against the Machine Age.

  Some of the authors, who should know better, main-
tained in their stories that, little by little, the mach-
ines and science are becoming a Frankenstein mon-
ster, and finally humanity will rise in revolt and
destroy all the machines, and go back to the Middle
Ages. The usual underlying plot is that, because of
capitalistic concentration of wealth, the machines will
be ultimately controlled by a few powerful men, who
will enslave the entire world to the detriment of hu-
manity.

  I have gone to great length, in my opening para-
graphs, to show that this situation has never arisen
as yet; and, from past experience, we know that it
cannot arise. And it is for this reason that WON-
DER STORIES win not, in the future, publish pro-
paganda of this sort which tends to inflame an un-
reasoning public against scientific progress, against
useful machines, and against inventions in general.

  It is conceivable, and indeed is proved by history,
that nations are born, grow to maturity, and die.
This has happened through our entire recorded his-
tory. It probably will repeat itself indefinitely in
the future. Which nations will survive, *e have no
means of foretelling. Of course, when it happens,
the Machine Age will be blamed again, and the auth-
ors of the assertions will be blissfully ignorant of
the fact that other nations, living alongside of them,
prosper and grow while living in the self-same Mach-
ine Age.

   It is, indeed, quite within the bounds of possibility
that humanity will at some future time find itself
back in the Middle Ages—or worse. This also has
happened in the past, and may conceivably happen
again. If it does happen, the causes will probably be
due to great cataclysms, such as floods and earth-
quakes or wars, but the Machine Age will have very
little or nothing to do with it.

' Humanity will have its ups and downs in the future
as it had in the past.

  I am, however, of the firm opinion that, as the
past 160 years have shown, because of Science and
the Machine Age, the ups and downs of humanity
will be less severe than they wero before the Machine
Age; and that is the reason why I have no patience
with those who tend to preach the evils of the Mach-
ine Age, which, in the long run, are non-existent.

BY ROCKET TO THE MOON by Otto
 Willi Gail. 300 pages, illustrated, stiff
 cloth covers. Size 5% x 8%. Publish-
 ed by Sears Publishing Company, New
 York. Price $2.50.

  The interplanetary stories of Otto Willi Gail are
•well known to Wonder Stories readers—“The Shot
Into Infinity" appearing in the Fall 1929 and “The
Stone from the Moon" in the Spring 1930 issues of
the Quarterly.

  The present volume is written in the same stylo as
those mentioned. The story is simple, it concerns
the introduction of a Detroit newspaper reporter into
his crew of space flyers, to the Moon, oy one Hans
Hardt. Tommy Bighead, our reporter, being de-
prived of the privilege of a passenger, naturally stows
away. The scenes on the journey, the experiences of
the crew, the discovery of a lunar satellite, all are
written in the realistic style for which Gail is well
known. Facts are never distorted by him, no im-
possible lunar creatures, no heavenly paradise' awaits
our explorers but a grim struggle with pitless nature.

  The style is easy and rapid, and the story moves
alony with facility. The works of Gail are reminis-
cent of those of Verne, and are bound to become
popular, for they serve not only to clarify the es-
sentials of the space flight problem but also to give
some of its possibilities for adventure, romancc and
glory unequalled by any other human activity.
WONDER STORIES

287

CREATION BY EVOLUTION—A Sympo-
 sium, edited by Frances Mason. 400 pages,
 stiff cloth covers, illustrated. Size 5x8%.
 Published by Macmillan Company, New
 York. Price $2.50.

  The existence of a symposium such as this, on the
vital topic of evolution, should put an end to nil loose
discussion of so pertinent a subject—loose, that is, in
the sense of being uninformed and based on conclu-
sions hastily drawn from information imperfectly as-
similated. There has been a great need of a vol-
ume of this kind, for the average layman knows noth-
ing of the wealth of scientific research and justifica-
tion for the theory of creation by evolution. An
amazing number of reasonably well educated persons
sum up the vast idea of progressive selection with
the pat definition that “Man is descended from the
monkey”, a phrase as misleading as it is stereotyped.

  That evolution is still a controversial subject the
authors have taken into account. They have attempt-
ed to reconcile it with existing beliefs, a rather futile
task. More important, however, every side of the
question is presented fully, clearly, and in interesting
and logical sequence.

  The factors in the theory of evolution, which has
growth from the egg to maturity reviews the history
it, arc, roughly, four: the circumstances of heredity,
variation, selection and segregation. This generous
volume contains articles on all four phases on evolu-
tion as we may see it occurring about us; on vesti-
gial organs in man and the lower animals; the factor
of segregation is taken up in an article on the geo
graphical distribution of animals, which contains some
surprising facts, one of which, for instance, is that
camels once roamed over the continent of North Amer-
ica. Also, the intriguing theory of “recapitulation”,
■which embodies the idea that every aninyil, in its
growth from the egg to maturity reviews the history
of the race, is covered in some detail.

  Enich article is complete in itself, and the book mav
be opened at any point, to be read with satisfaction.
Such authorities as Henry Fairfield Osborn, David
Starr Jordan and Julian Huxley have contributed to
this collection of essays on the idea of the survival
of the fittest, treated in all its ramifications.

UNDER THE NORTH POLE by Sir Hub-
 ert Wilkins, 340 pages, illustrated. Stiff
 cloth covers. Size 5 Vi x 8%. Published
 by Brewer, Warren and Putnam, New
 York. Price $3.00.

  With Captain Wilkins ready to start Out on what

may be the most exciting exploration of the decade,
a book such as the present, which presents the back-
ground of the expedition, the personnel of the sub-
marine and the aims of the cruise, is very timely.

  The life history of Wilkins, which composes one
part of this volume, is in itself a wonder story. The
struggles of the young Australian to obtain an edu-
cation against great difficulties, his turning toward
aviation during its early years, his successive con-
quests of the Poles, although recounted by him with
characteristic modesty, presents a picture exciting
as it is epochal.

  His story is filled with the life-long attempt to
find a means of predicting weather conditions for
man. so that he need not be continually at the mercy
of the elements. Wilkins’ own 6tory of his youth—
of the Bufferings of his family and fellowmen in Aus-
tralia during a prolonged drought served to vividly
impress upon his mind what must be done.

  The present expedition of the submarine Nautilus
therefore is a fitting culmination of his work in
Polar exploration which has lasted for over fifteen
years.

  With calm lucidity, that only intensifies the drama
of it, Wilkins recounts the stories of his earlier
expeditions in the Arctic and Antarctic. Yet from
the lessons of them he believes that his present voyage
stands a good chance of success. As he states, he is
prepared for most every eventuality, although the un-
foreseen may suddenly emerge from the tides of
chance to bring disaster.

  The book, which contains also short sketches Of the
personnel of the crew should be read by every lover
of adventure and daring. The section devoted to the
“History of tho Idea" and written by Vilhjalmur
Stefansson, is especially thrilling.

W'^8COme 3 ^eP0r^er ,/

 Thousands of opportunities for young
 men to ontcr the Newspaper field.
 Fascinating: work. You will meet in-
 teresting people; Interview celobrlties.

 A famous New York reporter with
 twenty years of practical experience has
 written a whole course of Journalism
 and reporting in six easy lossons. He
 shows you the short-cut to success.

 _	He tells you what to do and what not

 to do. to bccome a successful reporter. Send today for
 the “PRACTICAJ/ COUBSE IN JOURNALISM.” by
 Henry John Brockmeyer of The New York Evening
 Post. Just drop us a Postal Card—no need to send
 money. We will mall you the whole set of six .books
 and you pay tho Postman $3.00 plus a few cents for
 postage. No more to pay. Money absolutely refunded
 if not satisfied.

PRESS GUILD, Inc.

 16 Murray Street Dept. A-731 New York

     A FREE BOOK
EXPLAINS
U 5	fH O W

 Powers of the

 Inner Self and Infinite mir ^

 Practical Rosicrucian methods help to" _
 overcome Life’s obstacles and put you in time"
 withCosmfc Vibrations for-Health and Happiness.
 Learn the Great Truths. Write for Free Book to-

             LIBRARLAN L. P. N.

Rosicrucian Brotherhood (Amorc)

SAN JOSE

Curiosity seekers need not write.

 CALIF.

PATENTS—TRADE MARKS

All cases submitted given personal
attention by members of the firm.
Information and booklet fre».

Patent Office & Federal Court Practice
LANCASTER, ALLWINE & ROMMEL
PATENT LAW OFFICES
475 Ouray Bldg., Washington, D. C.

Big3ft.Telescopef

 10-Mile range. Special Eye Piece for looking
 at the sun, included FREE.

Five Sections.

i r a s 8 bound.
'Powerful Lenses.

10-Mile range. -

~ Can be used as a
Microscope. Guaranteed. Big value. Post-
paid $1.75. C. O. D. 15c extra.

BENNER & COMPANY, T-76, TRENTON, N. J.

Tf A nP17TVTrr,C Write for Free Guide Book.
X A 1 JJill 1 3 “HOW TO OBTAIN A PAT-
ENT” and Record of Invention
Blank. Send model or sketch and description of your
invention for our Free Opinion whether it come9 within
Patent Office Rules. RADIO and ELECTRICAL Casea
a Specialty. Prompt, Efficient Service.

PAYMENT OF FEES IN INSTALLMENTS
VICTOR J. EVANS & CO.. 923 9th, Washington, P. C.

MYSTERY CIGAR LIGHTER
Something Different

MAKE BIG MONEY

Showing this Scientific Marrel to Men. New
_ „ Principle of Ignition. What Makes It Light 7
No Flint or Friction. All Guaranteed. Sample with
Sales Plan, 25c Samplo Gold. Silver or Chromiua
Plated, $1.00. Agents. Write for Proposition.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

Desk SF-7 New Method Bldg. Bradford. Pa.
283

WONDER STORIES

                                        TEN
                                        VOLUMES

^ COMMENTARY V,

  "By common consent De Maupassant ^
  has become first rank among the
  naturalistic school ....

   The literary perfection of his work is
   undeniable ....

   His tales . ... are so starkingly true
   to life and the actors in them so ac-
   curately — and unblushingly — de-
   scribed that more once indignant pro-
   tests assailed him.

   He remains and will remain a master
   of style, a man of the art of tale
   writing ....

   The value of his work lies in his as-
   tonishing faith in reproduction of
   reality."

S	Professor F. C. deSumichrast, /•

                Harvard University

MAIL COUPON TODAY!

Gernsback Publications, Inc.	WS-731

96-98 Park Plaee, New York, N. Y.

I enclose herewith remittance of $5.05 (check or
money order preferred) for which you are to send
me Immediately, poBtage prepaid, the Works of
Guy De Maupassant in 10 Volumes.

Name _
AddresB
City _

 -State-

THE name of Guy De Maupassant carries great admira*
tion for the famous writer of the 19th Century, and
so much so that his works have grown more popular year
after year. Today even the great public libraries cannot satis-
fy readers in demand for his great works. And among the
personal libraries of many hundreds wo find volumes of Do
Maupassant that are quite costly, in fact volumes that are
cherished by proud owners.

As a courtesy to readers of WONDER STORIES, we offer a
fine 10-Volume Set of the Works of Guy De Maupassant, sturdily
bound in French blue holliston cloth. This new edition is
printed in large readable type, illustrated and of standard
book size. The front covers are embossed and the backbone
of each volume in the set is stamped in silver; each book is
guaranteed to be perfect and carefully covered with a dust
wrapper in attractive design.

As the supply of these books does not exceed but a few hun-
dred sets or so, we suggest that our readers take advantage
of the extremely low price of $5.95, and promptly purchase
the 10-Yolumo Set of the works of Guy De Maupassant. These
books are now ready for shipment; orders are filled im-
mediately so the books will reach you in a few days. Use the
Coupon at the left for convenience in sending your order—
mail it today.	,

Xbend a leisure Evening at Jfome

Guy De Maupassant

  The famous French author of the 19th Century
  and writer of marked ability ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
The Gambler

 He gambles that a "lucky break” will
 come to him in the course of time

OST men live in the HOPE that their “lucky break" will
come TOMORROW or NEXT WEEK or NEXT YEAE.

They gamble that FATE, some day, some way, will make
them rich! They risk their whole lives on what may COME to
them in the course of TIME.

    This is a WORSE form of GAMBLING than gambling for
MONEY with a card sharp or a "three shell game" expert.

    Gambling on what TIME and FATE have in store for you
is more costly than any other form of gambling known.

    You lose MORE than money. You lose your SELF-
RESPECT. You lose the self-respect of those about you.

    And as each year passes your CHANCE to amount to any-
thing becomes slimmer and slimmer.

     You get discouraged. You begin to feel that fate is AGAINST
you. You complain secretly about your ill luck. Perhaps you hide
your shortcomings behind a whole flock of easy EXCUSES.

     But the hard, cold world doesn’t care about you.

    You've got to look out for YOURSELF.

     Time alone cannot help you. If it could, EVERY man over
70 would be rich.

     You cannot COUNT on luck or fate or circumstances. If you
could, EVERYBODY would get rich at some time or other.

     Your life is too precious to waste away WAITING for "some-
thing to turn up."

    There’s ONE SURE WAY—yes, ONLY one sure way—to
get what you want out of life.

     Nothing can help you but your own BRAIN. Make your brain
just a little bit more effective and you will MULTIPLY your
earning power.

     There is NO LIMIT to what the human brain can accomplish.
Scientists and psychologists tell us we use only about TEN PER
CENT of our brain power. Ninety per cent is unused. It lies
dormant. The longer it is unused, the harder it becomes for us
to use it. For the mind is like a muscle. It grows in power
through exercise and use. It weakens and deteriorates with
idleness.

    What can you DO about it? That is the question you are
asking yourself. Here is a suggestion.

     Spend 2c for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon below for
a copy of "Scientific Mind Training." There is no further obliga-
tion whatever. You need not spend another penny.

     Read this little book. It has opened the eyes of hundreds of
thousands ofother individuals who had the same problems you
nave.Over 700,000people, in all parts of the world, and in all
walks of life have followed the advice given in this booklet. Lords
and servants, princes and laborers, captains of industry and clerks,
bookkeepers and bankers, men AND WOMEN of all types and
of all ages have read this book and have changed their whole
scheme of existence as a result.

     This little book will tell you the secret of self-confidence, of
a strong will, of a powerful memory, of unflagging concentration.
It tells you how to acquire directive powera, how to train your
imagination (the greatest force in the world), how to make quick,
accurate decisions, how to reason logically—in short, how to make
your brain an instalment of all-around POWER. It tells you how
\£q banish the negative qualities like forgetfulness, brain fag,

inertia, indecision, self-consciousness, lack of ideas, mind wander^
ing, lack of system, procrastination, timidity.

     Men like Judge Ben B. Lindsey, Sir Harry Lauder, Prince
 Charles of Sweden, Jerome K. Jerome, the famous novelist; Frank
 P. Walsh, Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hun-
 dreds of others equally famous, praLe the simple method of
 increasing brain power and thought power described in this free
 ^booK. ..OVER 700,000 OTHERS PRAISE IT.

     You have only'TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy.
 You may GAIN thousands of dollars, peace of mind, happiness,
 independence!

     Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING’
 about it. The effort and the will needed to send for this book—
 which is FREE—may be lacking. How can these people EVER
 gain what they hope for, crave for? They are the skeptics, the
 doubters, the "show me" wiseacres.

     Other thousands will say, "I can lose only TWO CENTS. I
 may GAIN a great deal by reading ‘Scientific Mind Training.’
 I will send for it NOW. It promises too much for me to RISK
 MISSING."

     The thousands who arc open minded—who are willing to
 learn something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse
 to send the coupon. They will be better, stronger minded for
 having TAKEN SOME ACTION about their lives, even if they
 do nothing more than to READ a booklet about the inner workings
 of the mind. For your own sake—and for the sake of your loved
 ones, don’t continue to GAMBLE that your future will be bright
 whether or not you DO anything about itl Mail the coupon today
 —NOW.	r

THE PELMAN INSTITUTE OF AMERICA

Suite 2257, 71 West 45th Street, New York City
Offices in London, Paris, Stockholm,

Delhi, Durban anti Melbourne

  The Pelman Institute of America '

  Suite 2257, 71 West 45th Street,

  New York City

    . Please send me without obligation your free booklet^
   “Scientific Mind Training.” This does not place me under any
   obligation and no salesman is to call on me.

Name________________•                              
Address-...:..............                         
City-1......................... ......... . State  

a real pianist
a

up and give

One of the Boys Shouted

♦. * but when I started to play
they didn't want me to stop

BEjPORK our school party at
Helen White’s was man/ min-
utes eld u funny thing hap-
pened .

   1	whs chatting with sohie of the
 boys when I hward iny name calk’d
 out ncross the room.

   ".Jim, you're » red-hot 'talkie fun'
 —fan you hum the {heme song that's
 so popular from. Gloria Swanson’s
 latest picture? Helen wants to know-
 how it. goes and 1 can’t remember it
 to*nave my life."

   “Sure, Harry, 1 know the one you
 mean—wait just a minute and I'll
 go over and play it for you.”

   “Flay it!" exclaimed Harry. “Why
 we'd never he able to recognize the
 tune. Whintle it if you can't hum. '

   "Oh, it will sound much better on
 the oiauo," 1 replied as I sat down
 and began to finger the keys.

The Guests Get
Nervous

  “Never mind, Jim.” said Helen
apologetically, “forget the tune, be-
sides we're all ready to start danc-
ing."

  “Hey, get up and give a real
pianist u chance, ' chirped in a male
voice.

   That was my signal to let loose.
 Without paying further attention to
 their wise cracks, I broke 'intft the
 themo song that they had requested.

   You could have heard a pin drop.
 I only wish 1 could have seen their
 faces for I knew that ' I had given
 them quite a surprise.

, They Want
More

 "Keep It u;>—that’s
 great," shouted Harry
 as I finished.	%

“Yes, please don't
stop.'' pleaded Helen.

"I thought you were
in a hurry to dauco,"

 I replied.

  ‘You bet we are—
and we want yon to
play for us."

   No second invitation
 was needed. I played
 every number that
 they placed before me
 and if they had had
 their say I would hare
 been playing until

morning. But finally
I had to' beg for an

intermission. Then the
third degree began.

  ‘Tut one over on us,
didn’t you, .liml" said
Harry. "You’re certainly the last
person at the party I thought Could
play. How about letting "us in on
the secret ?"

My Story

 PICK YOUR
 INSTRUMENT

 Plan*
 Organ .
 Ukulele v
 Cornet v
 Trorabnne
 Pleiolo
 Guitar

Hawaiian Steel Guitar
Sight Sinning
Piano Accordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Voice and Speech Culturt
Drums and Yrtnj
Harmony and Cotupfc
tion

Automatic Finger Csn'-o
Banjo (Plectrum. 5.

String or Tenor)
Junior«’ Plano Course

  “Have yon ever heard of the U. S.
School of Music?" I asked.

 A few of my friends nodded.’
“That's a corres’pondence school,
isn’t it?” They exclaimed.

  "Hxiiuly," I replied. “They have
a surprisingly easy method through
which' you can learn to play any
instrument by mail in just a few
months without a teacher."

  "It doesn't seem possible,” some-
one said.

  "That's what 1 thought too. But
the. Free Demonstration lesson which
they mailed me on request so opened
my eyes that I sent for the complete
course.

  “It was simply wonderful — no
laborious scales—no heartless exer-
cises. My fear of note* disappeared
at the very beginning. As the lessons
came they got easier and easier.
Before I knew it I was playing all
the pieces I liked best.”

  Thun I told them how I had al-
ways longed to sit down at the piano
and play some old sweet song—or
perhaps a beautiful classic, a bit
from an opera or the latest syncopa-
tion — how when I
heard others playing I
envied them so that it
almost spoiled the
pleasure of the music
for me—how I was
jealous because they
could entertain their
friends and family.

  “Music was always
one of those never-to-
come-true dreams until
the U. S.- School came
to my rescue. Believe
me. no more heavy
looking-on for me.”

 violin

 Clarinet

 Flute

 Saxophone
 Harp
 Mandolin
 'Cello

Tliis is not the story
of just one isolated
ise. Over 600,000
lople have learned to
piny bjt this simple

method. Yoi can, too. Even if
you don’t know one note from an-
other you'll grasp it in no time.
First it" tellx yon how to do a tiling
—then it «h<v>vn you how in pictures
—then you do it yourself and hfnr it.

  You teach yourself—r'ght at home
-without any uninteresting finger
exercises, tedious scales or other
humdrum methods.

Free Booklet and
Demonstration Lesson

  To prove how praclical this course
is, the U. , S. School of Music has
arranged a typical demonstration
lesson and explanatory booklet which
you may have Free They show
how anyone can learn to play his
favorite instrument by note in je>s
than half the time and at a fraction
of the cost of old slow methods. The
booklet will also tell you all about
the amazing new A.xttomatio Finp'-r
Control.

  Don't delay—art. at once—fill in
and mail the coupon below today—
no obligation whatever, (Instrument
supplied if desired, cash or credit.)
IT. S. School of Music, 507 Bruns-
wick Bldg.. New York C'ity.

U. S. School ot Music

507 Brunswick Bldg.. New Y*rk City

   Please senil me your free book, ''Music
Lessons in Your Own Home." with m.ro-
ductlon by I>r. Frank ('ran*. Tree Dnaoa-
KtrHtlon Lesson and iiarttcular/i of rour easy
payment plan. I ain Inl#rivt«r1 tn tlvs
following course:

                        Hate T»u

•	—■ . L----------ln*irua*nt? _______

Name_________________________

Address _..._____________

City	State