of jionor

^y-Ed^ar Franklinj

    cAuifior of

25fie Wicked Streak,"
Ready to Occupy * etc.

    Sprightly Comedy by
    a Master of Humor
REMOVE

CARBO

THE EASY
WAY- OUT

THE EXHAUS

Sl\ \\\\

THE easiest, cleanest, safest and most satisfactory method of remov-
ing carbon deposits is with Johnson’s Carbon Remover. It will save
you from $3.00 to $5.00 over any other method without laying up
your car and with much better results. After one application your car
will run like it did the first 500 miles—quietly and full of “pep”—and
you will secure the maximum power and speed from the minimum
amount of fuel.

Johnson’s Carbon Remover is a harmless liquid to be poured or squirted
into the cylinders. It contains no acids and does not affect lubrication
or interfere with the oil in the crank case. Millions of cans have been
used. Recommended by many of the leading car Mfrs. including the
Packard and Studebaker Companies.

JOHNSON'S [ARBQNREMOVER

A dose of Johnson’s Carbon Remover—the engine
laxative—will cure 80% of engine troubles. It will
increase the power of your car—improve acceleration
—stop that knock—quiet your motor—save your bat-
teries—cut down your repair bills—and reduce your
gas and oil consumption.

Don’t wait until your motor is choked with carbon—remove it
every week or two with Johnson’s Carbon Remover. You can do
it yourself in live minutes—no mechanical experience necessary.

The regular use of Johnson’s Guaranteed Carbon Remover
will automatically eliminate most valve trouble and keep
your motor clean, sweet and at its highest efficiency.

For sale by Hardware, Accessory dealers and Garages. Send
for our booklet on Keeping Cars Young—it’s free.

S. C. JOHNSON & SON, Dept. AA-6 Racine, YVis.
Established 1882

jOHHSOfg
CARBOfsi
REMOVE^

I

PM

   FOR	'

OASOUNe

engines

rioroR cars
MOTORCYCLES
HANNEEKHNK
SPARK PUJcl
A D V ERTISING SECTION.

How “Silent Simms” Became a
Master of Speech

 By Martin M. Byron

“'%7'OU arc exasperating bcyourl words.'1 shot
j out Mr. Worden. " Why didn't you keep
Mr. Truesdalc here? You knew I would
be back in ten minutes."

  Harry' Simms gulped hard, and replied w c*ly,
‘I did try to keep him here, Mr. Worden, but he
wouldn't stay."

 “What? Wouldn't stay even ten minutes? Why
you could have kept him I hat Ions without his
realizing it. Why didn't you talk to him about
the weather, about peace, about I he price of potatoes,
about anythingi”

  This wasn't the first calling down 1 had heard
Simms get. He had been with I he firm for eight
years and had reached the point where lie was as
much a fixture around I he offiec as I he desk or I he
chairs. He was so quiet that the only things that
would start him talking were such momentous events
as the beginning of the war or the end of the war.
Even when his baby was born, Harry said only
three wortls—" It's a boy."

  It wasn't long before we nicknamed him “ Silent
Simms.”

  Yet the “Silent Simms” of two years ago is now
our Sales'Manager, regarded as one of the most
brilliant men in our organization, getting an annual
salary that runs dose to five figures, and is slated for
the vice-presidency!

  How all this happened in so short a time makes one
of the most remarkable stories of success I have ever
heard. But lot Harry tell the story as hn told it to me
when I asked him point-blank ^wliat sort of magic lie
used in transforming himself.

  ■' Well.” said Harry, " you remember when Mr.
Truesdale came in that day and 1 could not hold him
for ten minutes until the Chief got back’/ And when
the Chief came back and found Truesdalc gone, how
he bawled me out? That incident marked the tiirnino
point of my life.

  "It was the most humiliating experience 1 ever went
through, r had been with the firm 8 years—was getting
$40 a week—and was the office • football.’ 1 went home
that night determined to learn how to talk convincingly,
interestingly, and forcibly, so that I coukl hold people
spell bound, not only for 10 minutes, but by the hour.

I did not want to become a public speaker—what 1
wanted was the ability to talk as a business asset. 1
bought numberless books on public speaking, but they all
taught oratory, and were so complicated that I gave up
almost in discouragement. I continued my search, how-
ever. and was rewarded a few weeks later by hearing
about the work of Dr. Frederick Ilouk Law, who was
conducting a course in business talking and public
speaking.

  " You may be sure that I lost no time in attending the
lectures. I went after them as eagerly as a hungry wolf
goes after food. To my great surprise and pleasure 1
grasped the secret of being a convincing talker—the secret
1 had needed ;•!! my life—almost in the first lesson.

  " Almost at once 1 learned why I was afraid to stand
up and talk to others. I learned lion to talk to a number
of people at the saicc lime. I learned how to make people
listen to every word 1 said 1 learned how to say things
interestingly, forcibly ami convincingly, r learned how to
listen while others talked. I learned how to say exactly
what I meant.

  " And the whole thing was so simple that in a single
evening I learned the secrets that turned me into a very
dynamo of ambition. 1 knew that I had at last found
the road to Mastery of Speech. 1 began to apply the
principles at once, and found that my words were electri-
fying people. I began to get things done. It wasn’t long
before I was taken off my old desk and put at the city
salesman’s desk. You know how I made good. Seems
almost like a dream now. Then, a short time later, 1 was
given Roger’s job on the road, in the hardest territory we
have. And when I began to break records there the Chief
wired me to come back and gave me Morgan’s job as the
sales manager when Morgan was put in charge of the
Seattle office.

  ” This great change came over me simply as a result of
my having learned how to talk. I imagine there are
thousands of others who arc in the same boat in which
i found myself and who could become big money-makers
if they only learned the secret of being a convincing
talker.”

  When Harry Simms finished. 1 asked him if T could not
have the benefit of Hr. Law’s Course, and lie told me that
only recently 1 >r. Law had prepared a complete course in
printed form which contained exactly the same instruc-
tions as lie had given in bis lectures. I sent for it and
found it to be exactly as he stated. After studying the
eight simple lessons 1 began to realize that Simms’ suc-
cess was the natural outcome of real ability to talk. For
my own success with the Course has been as great as his.
1 can never tllank Simms enough for telling me about ! >r.
Law’s Course in Business Talking and Public Speaking.

SEND NO MONEY

  So confident is The Independent Corporation, publishers
of ■■ Mastery of Speech,” Dr. Law’s Course in Business
Talking and Public Speaking, that once you have an
opportunity to see in your own home how you can, in one
hour, learn the secret of speaking and how you can apply
the principles of effective speech under all conditions, that
they are willing to send you the Course on free examina-
tion.

  Don’t send any money. Merely mail the coupon or write
a letter and the complete course will be sent, all charges
prepaid, at once, if you are not entirely satisfied send it
back any time within five days after you receive it and
you will owe nothing.

  An the other hand, if you are as pleased as are the
thousands of other men and women who have used the
Course, send only ?5 in full payment. You take no risk
and you have everything to gain, so mail the coupon now
before this remarkable offer is withdrawn,

FREE EXAMINATION COUPON

Independent Corporation

    Publishers of The Independent Weekly
Dept. L-336,	119 West 40th Street, New York

  Please send me Dr. Frederick Houk Law’s “ Mastery of
Speech." a Course in Business Talking and Public Speak-
ing in eight lessons. I will cither remail the Course 10
you within five days after its receipt, or send you $5 in
full payment of the course.

Na me

Address

A11 - St ory-Argosy—C-H -10

ALL-STORY In answering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention this inaijasine.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

 Volume XC VIII

^ «3> %

 2d

CONTENTS FOR JUNE 14, 1919

SE

1

Number 2

The entire conlenls of this maoa/ine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishen' permission.

                                                                           FIVE CONTINUED STORIES                                          
His Word of Honor                                                                                  . 177                                   
A Five-Part Story --- Part One                                                                     . 208                                   
The Head o( Arsenjo .                                                                              . 274                                   
A Three-Part Story --- Part One                                                                    . 302                                   
Four Quarts of Rubies . . .                                                                        . 332                                   
A Three-Part Story --- Pait Two                                                                                                            
               The Clean-Up.....                                                                                                           
A Five-Part Story --- Part Three                                                                                                           
               The Owl Taxi.....                                                                                                           
A Six-Part Story --- Part Six                                                                                                              
ONE NOVELETTE                                                                                                                              
          The Great Burmese .... . . . Charles Wesley Sanders .                                    . 243                                   
                                                                               FIVE SHORT STORIES                                          
The Laughter of Slim Malone                                                         Max Brand .... . 198                                   
              Circe or Ruth.....                                                                   . 228                                   
A Double Double-Play                                                                               . 268                                   
Such a Nice Man ....                                                    . . . Thane Miller Jones . . 291                                   
The Courtship of the Blue-Bell                                              . . . Charley Wood . . . 325                                   
VERSE                                                                                                                                      
                    The Wind Speaks . . John Russell McCarthy 207 After a Day and a Year . Viola Brothers Shore 273                        
                                  Eight.........Dixie Willson 242 | The Flight......Sam S. Stinson 324                                     
                                      Concerning the Bringing Up o( Mothers . . . Lyon Mearson 346                                         
Heart to Heart Talks .                                                                             . 347                                   
                  THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C.. LONDON                      
Frank A. Monsky. President Kicuaiid H. Tithkrington, Secretary Chkistoiher H. Pope. Treasurer                                              
Single copies. lO cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign    
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered   
                                    PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FKANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1919                                       
              Entored ns second class matter May 17. 1915. at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879                  
COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Dress Shirts

with Collars to Match

/ Astounding Viluel

Down

MOST extraordinary
     shirt set ever offered.

          We are able to offer this
 amazing bargain for a limited time
 only. This shirt set is easily worth
 $10.00 and must be seen to be ap-
 preciated. Don’t hesitate but send
 coupon immediately and we will send
 them subject to your approval.

Shirt set consists of three handsome

 negligee dress shirts with three soft detachable
 collars to match. Patterns are the very latest
 stripe effects in guaranteed fast colors. Each 6hirt cut
 coat style with French double cuffs. Fine pearl but-
 tons. Sizes 14 to 18. Packed three assorted patterns of
 one size to each set. Order by No. D-7. Only $1.00 down
 and balancc $1.20 per month. Total price $7.95.

SIX

   Months
   To Pay!

Easy Payments: Take 6 months

 to pay. We will open a charge account
 for you. No discount for cash—not one
 penny extra for credit. Just a small monthly
 payment which you will hardly miss. Get the
 habit of buying on credit. It is good, sound
 business policy. Every one uses their credit—
 why shouldn't you use yours? Act AT ONCE.

Send the Coupon!

Thousands will be sending in for this great bar-
gain. It will be first come, first served. You may never
again get the opportunity of getting such a wonderful
bargain. We are only able to offeryou such amazingvalue
because of our tremendous output. Don’t wait any longer.
Sit right down today and send the coupon. ACT NOW!

Elmer Richards Company

Dept.A107-West 35th Street, CHICAGO, ILL.

Elmer Richards Company

Dept. A107 West 35th Street, Chicago, III.

Gentlemen:—I enclose!............as first payment.

Please send me the 3 negligee ehirt9 No. D-7. Size.......... If

I am not satisfied. I can return them and »?et payment back
with all charges. Otherwise 1 will pay 21.20 per month until
total price of $7.96 has been paid.

Name..

Address.....

Post OJJicc..

In answering this advertisement it ie desirable that you mention this magazine.
(Jassified Advertising^

The Purpose of this Department Classified Advertising Rales vJ j

 The Purpose of this Department

 is lo put the reader in touch imme-
 diately with the newest needfuls for
 the home, officc, farm, or person;
 to offer, or seek, an unusual busi-
 ness opportunity, or to suggest a
 service that may be performed satis-
 factorily through correspondence.
 It will pay a housewife or business
 man equally well to read these
 advertisements carefully.

  Classified Advertising Rates
  in The Munsey Magazines:

                         Liiii* Jiate

  r Miiivsey's Magazine -51.50

  "Tin-; Ahoosv Comh*s'

 | The Argosy ... 1
 4 AII-Story Weekly . j

  July 12th Argosy Combination forms Close June 19th.

 “A N«>\v Korcc 1...............

 to adv«?rtin«f KucccsHfiilly in

 Rosines* *• is* booklet that tolls how
 the (.lasHifk-d Department

 of the Munsey Magazines. Mailed anywhere on request.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 WOULD YOU LIKE TO WEAR A
EEAUTIFUL NEW SUIT made to your own measure Free,
and make $35 to $50 every week? You can be the best
dressed man In your town ami earn a lot of extra money if
you write at once tor our beautiful samples and wonderful offer.
The Progress Tailoring Co.. Dept. 284. Chicago.

  AGENTS: BIG PAY AND FREE AUTOMOBILE introducing
wonderful new gasoline saver, puucturcproof. five year spark
plugs and oilier economical auto necessities. Outllt free.
L. ISallwey. 57 Station F. Louisville. Ky.

 WONDERFUL STARTER FOR FORDS No Cogs—No
Ratchets Takes 110 power from engine. Retails $15.00.
Agents coining money. Exclusive Territory. Simplex Company.
Desk A. ‘J S. Clinton Street. Chicago.

  AGENTS—SELL PICTURES. BATHING GIRLS, art poses,
sample 12c: sixteen varieties $1. refunded if dissatisfied.
Rose leaf Club. Desk S. St. Louis. Mo.

  S $ S $ $ Big Money for Agents and Salesmen. Hugh’s
Unbreakable Pocket Mirror is the best advertising medium for
hotels, merchants and every business firm. Send stamp for sample
and particulars. H. 0. Rugh. Dept. A. i» S. Clinton St.. Chicago.

  RELIABLE PEOPLE WANTED. -Place our new. novel, big
value goods in stores and appoint agents. Wonder Pudding
Powder -25 Big. Delicious Dishes. 25c: Orangeade Powder- I"
Big Glasses, best drink you ever tasted. 10c. .Many other good
things. Morrissey Company. 4417-20. Madison Street. Chicago.

 FIBRE BROOMS OUTWEAR FIVE CORN BROOMS.

Guaranteed one year. Sample $1.25 postpaid. Agents wanted,
men and women. $1.00 an hour easy. Keystone Fibre Broom Co..
CIS Duuucsne Way. Pittsburg. Penn a.

 AGENTS: MAKE BIG MONEY SELLING SONG HITS.

Free coupon plan helps you to make iiuick sales. Send 25c
for ten different songs: regular 25c sellers. I.ilwrty Music J louse.
Dept. C. 184 \Y. Washington Street. Chicago.

  INSYDE TYRES—Inner Armor For Auto Tires. Doubles mile-
age. prevents '.'0% of all punctures and blow outs. Thousands in
use. Tremendous demand. Big sales. Liberal profits. Details free.
American Automobile Accessories Co.. Dept. 105. Cincinnati. O.

HELP WANTED

 RAILWAY TRAFFIC INSPECTORS:
$110.00 A MONTH TO START and expenses. Travel if
desired. Cnlimited advancement. No age limit. Three months
home study. Situation arranged. Prepare for permanent position.
Write for booklet CM::o. Standard Business Training Institute,
Buffalo. N ^

 MEN—AGE 17 TO 45. EXPERIENCE UNNECESSARY.

Travel; make secret investigations, reports. Salaries: expenses.
American Foreign Detective Agency. 320. St. Louis.

 FIREMEN. BRAKEMEN. BAGGAGEMEN. $140-S200.
Colored Porters, by railroads everywhere. Ex|»ericnce unnecessary.
lioG Railway Bureau. East St. Louis. Ills.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

  10.000 ACRES OF HARDWOOD LAND for general "farming",
stock, dairying, poultry and fruit in best part of Michigan.
Fine water, no stone or swamp land, mild climate. §15 to $150
per acre. Terms as low as monthly if desired. 10 acres up.
Towns, schools, churches. Be independent. Write for free
booklet, excursion rates and dates. Swigart Land Company.
^ 1245 First National Bank Building. Chicago. III.

AUTOMOBILE ACCESSORIES

 FORDS RUN 34 MILES PER GALLON with our 191D
carburetors. Use cheapest gasoline or half kerosene. Start
easy any weather. Increased power. Styles for all motors.
Runs slow high gear. Attach yourself. Big profits for agents.
Money back guarantee. 30 days trial. Air-Frictiou Carburetor Co..
519 Madison Street. Dayton. Ohio.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

$50.00 A WEEK AND YOUR OWN SUIT FREE.

A wonderful oiU-r to advertise our classy tailoring. All
extras free: delivery charges prepaid. Self-measuring blanks,
st « • charts, sam. !•• hook. etc.. free. Send no money, .lust write
your name and address on a postal. American Woolen Mills Co.,
Dept. 1*01. Chicago.

AGENTS: SELL GUARANTEED HOSIERY FOR MEN.

women and children. Must wear 12 months or replaced free. All
styles, colors and fancy stripes. You can sell at less than store
prices Write for terms and samples. Thomas Hosiery Co..
3407 North Street. Dayton, Ohio.

WE GET THE MONEY—NEARLY EVERY TIME. Rather.

our system gets it. District managers, sub agents, side line men
?|o-;iluo weekly picked up. Actually P-l-C-K-E-D up. Every
business man a prospect. Wo protect territory. Write now.
Promer Service, 1540 Larrabee. Chicago.

Miracle Motor-Gas amazes motorists. 3c worth equals gallon
gasoline. Eliminates carbon. 3on'i profit. Isom. Idaho, wires:
Ship 500 packages. Made ?7n yesterday.” Samples Free,
(’has. A. Butler. Secretary, Dept. 72, Toledo. Ohio.

$20.00 DAILY DISTRIBUTING PRIZE PEACE PICTURES,

'•Liberty anti Peace.” ’True Sons of Freedom." "Human Lib-
erty Bell.” "Focli.” •'Pershing.” Honor Roll. Enormous demand.
Samples Free. Also portrait catalog. Consolidated Portrait Co..
Dept. 22. 1034 W. Adams Street. Chicago.

AGENTS. GET IN ON THE BIGGEST OF ALL. Ho Ro-Co
plan makes 100 to 140 per cent profit. Products guaranteed
to satisfy or money back. Free sample case offer. Write at
once. I lo-Ro-Co Manufacturing Company, 11S Locust Street,
St. Louis. Mo.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

FC-iE TO WRITERS a wonderful littlo book of money-
making hints, suggestions, ideas: the A B C of successful
Story and Movie Pla> writing. Absolutely free. Send for your
copy now! Just address Authors’ Press, Dept. 10. Auburn. N. Y.

STORIES.

ARE WANTED

          POEMS. PLAYS. ETC..
FOR PUBLICATION. Good ideas
bring big money. Submit Mss. or write Literary Bureau, 110.
Hannibal. Mo.

STORIES WANTED FOR PUBLICATION AND PHOTO-
PLAYS. FREE EXAMINATION. A fine opportunity for
beginners. Booklet on request. New York Literary Bureau,
141 West Jtith Street. New York City.

AUTO SCHOOLS

BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited opportunity

for civil and Government Work. 5000 successful graduates. Write
at once for our big free catalog. Cleveland Auto School.
1819 E. 24th Street. Cleveland. Ohio.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

PHOTO PL A YS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES: $10 TO $500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
Producers League. 388 Wainwrigbt. St. Louis. Mo.

STAMPS AND RARE COINS

STAMPS—12 DIFFERENT FROM WARRING NATIONS.

10 cents: 10 different foreign coins. 15 cents: 10 Uruguay
Stamps. 10 cents. Lists free. We buy old stamps. Buying list.
10 cents. Toledo Stamp Co.. Toledo. Ohio.

Classified Advertising Continued on Page 6.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

  A Bigger Job Yours—If You Master

 Traffic Management

 Reconstruction work to be done in
Europe and expansion of our foreign
trade means a greater demand than ever
before for men trained as traffic experts.
Great plants working overtime —raw
materials shipped in—finished products
shipped out—carloads, trainloads, ship-
loads, going North. East. South, West-
contracts placed not on price basis, but
for quick delivery—that is the condition
we are facing.

 "We must have efficient traffic men"
6ay manufacturers, jobbers. railroadB.
ship owners. Hundreds are needed where
one is available. This is the chance for
ambitious men to rise to higher positions
—to get into an uncrowded calling—to
have the specialized knowledge which
commands big salaries.

Train by Mail Under
LaSalle Experts

 This opportunity is yours now. Train
while you hold your present job. Only
your spare time required to become pro-
ficient in every branch of traffic.

 Learn from men who have held or are
among those now holding the highest
positions in the field. Getpractical train-
ing—the training which equips you to
step into one of the highest placcB. This
is what the LaSalle experts offer you.

  They will explain every point concern-
ing Freight Kates. Classifications.
Tariffs. Bills of Lading. Routing, Claims.
Demurrage. Express Kates. Ocean
Traffic. R. R. Organization. Regulation
and Management, Laws of Carriers.
Interstate Commerce Rulings, etc. etc.

 How many men are expert on even
one of these subjects? You will be made
proficient in all.

 And here is something more—your en-
rollment gives you free the privileges
of our Business Consulting Service.
This means advice from our staff
whenever you need help on any special
business problem.

  ilver SOD people here—300 business ex-
perts among them—are ready to put you

on the road that leads directly to ad-
vancement. (Jet the complete, combined
experience of many authorities, all given
in easily understood form.

No Large Fees

  The total cost is small. Your increase
in earnings will soon pay it (see in next
column what McMullen, Wright and
other members say). Then also you can
pay on easy terms—a little each month
if you wish. No hardship in getting this
training. Any man can afford it. And
the time is now—when the great move-
ment in business is beginning. Give a
few hours weekly of your spare time for
a few months—and get a larger salary.

Send the Coupon and
Get All the Facts

  Your request will bring complete in-
formation. We will tell you just what
the course offers in every detail; all
about the opportunities open to trained
traffic men. We will also send you our
book, "Ten Years Promotion in One"
which has shown thousands of men the
short road to promotion. If you are am-
bitious to rise —if you want to enter a
paying and uncrowded field of business,
get these facts. Sending the coupon
implies no obligation upon you.
Mail it today.

 B. S. McMullen was a freight checker on the
 docks at Seattle.

Two years after beginning the LaSallo
Course in Interstate Commerce and Traffic
Management he was appointed General
freight and Passenger Agent.

He said that it would probably have taken
him 8 or 10 years to make this advance if he had
depended merely upon work and experience.

 LaSalle experts helped him to reach the top
 in the space of months.

T. J. Wright. an Illinois member, report*
three promotions since taking the course.

 II. S. Watson, of Michigan, figures his in-
 creased earning capacity at 400 per cent.

Fred HofFman.^ an Ohio member, reports
500 per cent profit on his investment in one
year.

Among the many LaSalle trained men who
are now Traffic Managers or Experts on inter-
state Commerce are:

Wm. Ritehie, Vice-President and Trallic
Manager, Philadelphia Lawn Mower Co.

F. E. Combs, Traffic Director, Twin City
Traffic League, Benton Harbor, Michigan.

F. E. Hamilton, Traffic Manager, Retail
Merchants Association of Canada.

Mr, Hamilton says: "I cannot speak too
highly of this institution. The course is up-to-
date, authentic, and easily understood. My
only regret is that I did not take it up fivo
years ago.”

The success these men have made can
be paralleled by any other ambitious
man who will do as they did—train!

Addres*.........

 Present Position.

LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

 "The World's Greatest Extension University”

Dept. 632-IC	Chicago, Illinois

 Please send me your catalog and full information on your Course
 and Consulting Service in Interstate Commerce and Kailwav Traffic.
 Also a copy of your valuable book f«>r the umbitious man, “Ten
 Years’ Promotion In One.” This without obligation on my part.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Send No /
Money .J'

n Ship'll on
}\Approval
J \ Freight
Prepaid

f STUDY AT HOME

                         I Become a lawyer.Legally trained men
                         ' win hijrri positions anil hij? success in
                         business and public life. Greater op-
                         portunities now than ever before.
                         Lawyers earn

Bang-Up
   Stories!

  Absorbing tales for leis-
  ure hours — romance,
  adventure, fun; brim-
  ming measure in the

All-Story

 Weekly

Ten Cents

  buys the best bet in
  fiction magazines. On
  all news-stands every
  Thursday — fresh and
  zestful with stories of
  life, love and laughter.

Get it to-day at any news-stand

&/>e

Frank A. Munsey
Company

280 Broadway, New York

Classified Advertising Continued from Page 4.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS. Highest references. Best results. Promptness assured.
Booklet free. Watson E. Coleman, 624 F St., Washington, D. C.

PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
Book. "How To Get A Patent.” Send model or sketch and
description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable
nature. Raudolph & Co.. 030 F. Washington. D. C.

PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
BOOK. How to Obtain a Patent. Send model or sketch and
description for our opinion of its patentable nature Free.
Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Terms.
Victor J. Evans & Co.. 762 Ninth. Washington. 1). C.

INVENTORS — SEND SKETCH OF YOUR
INVENTION for advice regarding patent protection.
Twenty years' experience. Hand-book on Patents sent Free.
Talbert & Talbert. Patent Lawyers. 4735 Talbert Building,
Washington. I>. C.

TELEGRAPHY

Men and Women. You can learn railroad, commercial, broker-
age or wireless in two to four months. Salaries paid: Railroads.
$115-$175: commercial. $$5-$3U0; brokerage. $150-$250. Short
hours. Time and a half for overtime. We make you a telegrapher.
Our tuition covers an unlimited course. Hundreds or teleg-
raphers wanted. Write for details. Chicago Telegraph Institute.
America’s Finest School. Dept. A. 1029 Consumers Bldg.. Chicago.

TYPEWRITERS

NEW. REBUILT AND SLIGHTLY USED TYPEWRITERS

$8 up. Portable machines $10 up. Write for our Catalog 26*0.
Beran Typewriter Co.. OS W. Washington St.. Chicago.

-' We guide you Htcp by ntcp. You can train

- at home during your spare time. W-- prepare

. ,	you for bar examination in any mate. Money re-

 ' funded according- to our Guarantee Bond if dissatisfied. Deirreo
 or LL. B. conferred, thousands of euecenaful students enrolled,
 bow cost, easy terms. Fourteen volume Law Library free if you
 enroll now. Get our valuable 120-paRO "Law Guide” and Evi-
 I dencc” books free. Send for them—NOW.

LaSalle Extension University. Dept..632-LA Chicago, III.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

The coupon filled out is all you need. Tell us what

books you would like to examine and we will send them to
you at onco by express collect. You won’t be under any obli-
gations to buy and you don’t have to send one penny. Take a
whole week to decide whether or not you would like to own
them and ship them back at our expense if you don’t think
they will help you earn more. If you do want to keep the
books just send us $2.00. The balance of the special re-
duced price can bo sent the same way—$2.00 each month.

ARE YOU looking back or forward? Are
you looking back into the days of small
earnings or ahead into the days when you can
earn more? The way your face is turned is the
most important thing in your life today. Will
your future be an asset or a liability? Will it
cost you money or will it make money for you?
Turn these questions over in your mind and face the
right way now. Big pay checks go to the men who
know—the trained men—the men who make use of
what other men have learned. You can get into this
big check class too. Right now your opportunity is
before you—on this very page.

THE GREAT books described here were
written for men who want to earn more
by other men who have reached the highest
point in their profession. In a short time you
can learn from them everything it has taken
these experts years and years to learn. These
men tell you what they know in the simplest
possible way.

Get the benefit of what they hr.ve done for you. Send
the coupon on the corner of this page now.

We will send you any set of books you select for Free
Examination. See the No Money offer below.

Here's All the Help You Need

Carpentry and

Contracting

Five volumes. 2138 pages and
more than 400 illustrations.
Prepares for Contractor. Build-
ing Superintendent and Car-
penter Foreman. Regular
price,?25.00. Special price ,$17.80.

Fire Prevention
  and Insurance

Four volumes, 1500 pages and
600 illustrations, diagrams,
forms, etc. Prepares for Count-
erman. Rate Clerk, Inspector
or Agent. Regular price,
§20.00. Special price, $15.80.

Automobile

Engineering

Five volumes, 2400 pages and
2000 illustrations. Prepares for
Garage Foreman. Automobile
Mechanic crChaufTeur. Inval-
uable to cr.r owners. Regular
price,$25.00. Special price,$17.80.

Steam and Gas

Engineering

Seven volumes, 3300 pages and
2500 illustrations, plates, dia-
grams, etc. Prepares for Sta-
tionary, Marine or Locomotive
Engineer or Fireman. Recular
price,$35.00. Special price,$21, SO.

Civil Engineering Electrical Engineering MacliineShop Practice Law and Practice

Nine volumes. 3000 pages and
3000 illustrations, plates and
diagrams. Prepares for Civil or
Structural Engineer, Transit-
man, Estimator, Designer or
Chief Draftsman. Regular
price,$45.00. Specialprice,$29.80.

Telephony and

Telegraphy

Four volumes, 1728 pages and
2000 illustrations, plates and

diagrams. Prepares for Tele-
ne Engineer, Wire Chief,

phone

Exch

Sxchango Manager, Trouble
Man or Telegrapher. ^ Regular
price,$20.00. Special price,$12.80.

Seven volumes, 3000 pages and
2600 illustrations, plates and
diagrams. Prepares for Elec-
trical Engineer, Power Plant
Superintendent,Substation Op-
erator or Electrician. Regular

price ,$35.00. Special price,§10.80,
Accountancy and
Business Management

Ten volumes. 36S0 pages and
1937 illustrations, forms, etc.
Prepares for Certified Public
Accountant, Auditor, Ollice
Manager. Accountant, Credit
Man or Bookkeeper. Regular
price,$50.00. Specialprice.S24.80.

Six volumes, 2300 pages and
2500 illustrations. Prepares for
Machine Shop Superintendent
or Foreman, Foundryman, Pat-
tern Maker, Tool Designer or
Tool Maker. Regular price,
$30.00. Special price, $19.80.

Sanitary, Heating and
Ventilating Engin’ring

Four volumes, 1454 pages and
more than 1400 illustrations,
etc. ^ Prepares for Sanitary
Engineer. Heating and Venti-
lating Engineer, Master
Plumber or Plumber. Rcrrnlar
price,$20.00. Special price,$13.80.

(with Reading Course in 25
bound pamphlets). Thirteen
volumes, 6000 pages and 21 il lus-
trations. Prepares for all Bar
Examinations. A wonderful
aid to business men. Regular
price,$72.00. Specialprice,$39.80.

Practical

Accounting

Four volumes, 1840 pages and
800 illustrations, plates and
diagrams. C. P. A. questions
and practical problems. Pre-
pares for Accountant. Book-
keeper or CostClerk. Regular
price,$20.00. Special price,$12,S0,

FKEE SEQVICE With these books goes free a year's
consulting service in t!:e American
Technical Society, worth $12.00. This enables you to consult our
engineers and experts for one year without charge.

American Technical Society. Den!. X-ios-A Chicago
|" American Technical Society, Deaf. X-108-A Chicago, 111.”^

I Ploaso send mo set of..................................................................-

" for 7 days’ examination, nhippintr charjrca collect. I will examino tho bonks
| thoroughly and, if satisfied, will aend $2 within 7 days and $2 each month until I

| have paid the special price of........................ Ifldecidonnt to k«-cp tho book*.

. 1 will return them by expresa at your expense. Title not to pasa to tnc until tho
■ set is fully, paid for.

Xante.

i Address.....

le/erence .

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

DONT SEND A PENNY

                  Snap up this chance to get two splendid garments for the price of
                  one. A most beautiful skirt at a stunning bargain and a petticoat absolutely
                  free. Not a penny to send with order. Only the coupon (no money) and you
                  get by mail, direct, this wonderful, stylish, well made skirtand also the free
                  petticoat—the petticoat included if you send right now. The number of free
                  petticoats is limited. So don’t wait Mail coupon today.

Stylish Sicilian

Mohair Skirt

 Beautiful Model

 Splendid Sicilian Mohair Cloth. Looks like silk. J
 Skirt gathered at back with double shirring.
 Wide, detachable belt. Fancy trimmed pockets
 finished with imitation buttons and button-
 holes. Silk fringe trimmed pockets. Exact
 copy of very costly model. You will be proud
 I to own this stunning skirt and amazed when
 you see what a bargain it is. Just compare
 I it with what you see at stores. Choice of
 ! Navy Blue, Black or Gray. Comes in all
 sizes. No extra charges. Give waist, hip
 5 and front length. Price only $4.98. Taffe-
 tine Petticoat FREE. Order by No. H1479.

One Taffetine Petticoat

  With Each Sicilian Skirt

  Yes, free (but only one to a person), this splen-
did petticoat sent with the skirt. Good quality
taffetine. Deep flounce, smartly trimmed with
clusters of air tucks, finished at bottom with
knife plaited ruffle. Elastic waistband. Front
length 32 to 42 in. Hip measures up to 45 in.

Color black. This splendid petticoat is FREE.
Nothing to pay at any time. Simply order the
Sicilian Mohair Skirt and you get the free petti-
coat right along with skirt. A chance you must
not miss. Send the coupon TODAY while you
have the opportunity. No money now.

Offer Made To Further Introduce
This Great Mail Order House

  You simply must eee our sensational, really wonderful
bargains before you can realize how we can 6ave money
for you. That’s why we make this unbelievable offer of
the bargain price on the season's most beautiful skirt and
the free petticoat with it. We want you to know more
about us and our unparalleled bargains. We want you to
actually see the goods and to know theirexceptional values. |
M Y&/ Send no money, not a penny. Just the coupon |
I” v II and we will send the smart, stylish skirt and
the free petticoat. Amazing bargain. This offer will not
appear again in this paper. One FREE petticoat to each
person will be sent with skirt.

LEONARD-MGRTON & CO. I

Dept. H9896 Chicago, Illinois

 I

Leonard-Morton & Co.

Dept. H9896	Chicago, Illinois

Send the Sicilian Mohair Skirt No. H1479 and the FREE
taffetine petticoat direct to me. When they arrive, I will pay
$4.98 for the skirt, nothing for the petticoat. If not satisfied
after examination, will return both and you will refund my

money.

Waist.........in. Length.........in. Hip.........in. Color..................

Name..

Address .

In answering this advertiscment it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

VOL.XCVIII --_______----NUMBER 2

IT «fT> 'fj [J ^ SATURDAY, JUNE 14-, 1919 \]

Author of " Dodd—His Diary,” " Ready to Occupy,” " One Bright Idea,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

THE SLINGS AND ARROWS.

HE had noted it before, had Henry
Baird. He noted it again now;
one’s first impression of that attrac-
tive Alan Moss smile was quite all wrong!
The second impression was the true one,
casting faint and ominous light upon the
murkier depths of the Moss soul.

  Even this time, though, the smile had
fooled Henry for a moment. Flashed at
him over the side of the long, pale-blue sport
car, as he himself stood on the curb, its
white teeth, its twinkling eyes, had carried
their brief illusion of friendliness and can-
dor. Until Henry, catching himself, had
looked more closely, of course—until Henry
had noted again that the teeth were hard
and sharp as well as white, teeth made for
biting rather than for smiling; and that the
seeming twinkle was in reality a keen, sly
glint, betraying an inner wealth of pure,
unscrupulous malice. These things may not
have been apparent to most people, but cer-
tain deep, secret, personal stirrings had
given Henry Baird the vision!

  Still, there was no denying that Alan was
good enough to look upon, in his limp, un-

    1	A-S

dersized way. His skin was clean and tight,
his features regular, his clothes as perfect
as the car he drove and as expensive as the
huge portmanteau strapped so trimly at its
side. His voice matched the rest of him,
being crisp and clear to the point of sharp-
ness as he said:

  “ You’re not staying in town all summer,
Baird?”

  “ I may get out for a while next month,”
Henry muttered.

  “ Not before that, eh?”

  “ No.”

  Mr. Moss nodded and surveyed upper
Broadway, its rolling cars, its tall apart-
ment-houses, its afternoon sunshine.

  “ Manage to keep yourself pretty well
occupied, eh?”	t

  “ So-so,” said Henry, with the tight-
lipped, evasive smile of the man who has
much in the business line that he does not
care to discuss.

  He started a trifle, however, as Mr. Moss,
having considered the gloved hand that
rested on his steering-wheel, addressed it
directly:

  “ You’ve given up the idea of working
that Michigan copper property of yours,
Baird?”
173

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I never had any idea of working it
myself.”

  “ That’s true, too. You told me that
you’d sold it recently, didn’t you?”

  “ I’m considering an offer for it, although
I don’t recall telling you anything about it,”
Henry said quite pointedly.

  Moss’s disarming grin turned on him sud-
denly, almost wonderinglv, and then broad-
ened with the utmost good cheer.

  '• Quite so—I get you. I beg your par-
don, Baird; it’s no business of mine, of
course. I like to congratulate a man who
has cleaned up a million or so—that’s really
all.”

  “ Well, I haven't cleaned up any million
—yet,” said Henry, with a strange, signifi-
cant smile.

  Altogether on his guard now, he waited
for further impertinent queries. They were
not propounded by Mr. Moss. Mr. Moss,
indeed, seemed to have lost interest in
Henry for the moment; his gaze, directed
at the lower skies, grew absent, almost
rapt; his lips, pursed for a little, parted in
a faint, soft smile; he sighed audibly.

  “ You’re headed out of town?” Henry
ventured, and there was the oddest little
sharp note of anxiety in the inquiry.

  “ Eh? Me?” Alan returned to earth and
stared at him for a moment. “ Oh, yes,
I’m running away for a while. There’s
nothing to keep me in New York, and it’s
very pleasant up—er—in the woods.”

  “ What woods?” Henry said bluntly.

  “ I’m going up Massachusetts way,” Moss
submitted mildly.

  " Ah! You’ve got a place of your own
in—where was it? Rockridge?” Henry
asked the railing of the subway ventilator.

  Alan Moss crossed his legs and fastened
a baby gaze on Henry.

  •• No, I haven’t a place there,” he said
blandly. “ As a matter of fact, I’m going
up that way, though. I stop at the hotel or
—just visit around a bit. A good many of
the people you and I know are in the Rock-
ridge colony at this time of the year.”

I know they are,” mused Henry.

  “ The Burgesses,” Alan suggested.

  “ They’ve quite an estate, haven’t they?”

  *■ Yes, indeed. And Philip Darrow and
Mabel—that is, Miss Darrow, of course,”

Alan said easily, and looked straight at
Henry Baird.

  And this time Henry ceased his contem-
plation of the subway ventilator and looked
straight at Moss. Two seconds they stared
thus—five seconds—ten—while their eyes
narrowed slightly, and Henry’s color, at
least, rose a little. It was growing quite
uncomfortable and unusual when Alan, with
a slight effort, slid his gaze from Henry and
stared at the clock on the dashboard.

  “ Good gracious! Is it all that time of
day?” he demanded. “ I’ll have to be hit-
ting the trail, Baird."

  “ You’re not going to try making Rock-
ridge to-night?” Henry asked.

 “ To-night? With this car?” Moss
laughed outright. “ Why, I’ll be up there
before nine o’clock. This affair travels
when it sees an open road, you know. I’ve
got an airplane motor under that hood,
boy!”

  “ Ah?”

  “ Yep!” Alan agreed cheerfully, and bent
a loving and attentive ear as his starter
ground for a moment and then sent out a
soft whir upon the summer air. “ When
she drops below fifty-five or so on a State
road, I run her into the next garage and
give her a little expert attention. That’s
my speed, you know! How’s your car, by
the way?”

  “ Well enough. It’s not up to your
speed,” Henry said shortly.

  “ Yes, I do try to maintain a certain high
speed in every good thing,” Mr. Moss
chuckled, rather enigmatically, after a light-
ning, sidelong glance at Henry, as his emer-
gency-brake went out with a precise little
click, and-his gears meshed with no click
at all. “ Nevertheless, you might come out
and try to catch me some day, Baird.”

  “That’s quite true; I might!” Henry
said darkly.

  The velvet clutch went in. The car
barely crawled into tremorless motion. Mr.
Moss grinned again at Mr. Baird, suddenly
and brilliantly and with a peculiar flash of
daring. “Up Rockridge way, perhaps!”
Moss suggested.

  “Yes, up Rockridge way!” Henry snarled
at him, in the most remarkably emotional
manner.
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

179

  Then a canary-colored hand waved back
at him and a light-blue streak curved
around a taxicab and whizzed north, and
Alan Moss was gone from that particular
section, while Henry Baird, his hands
clenched and his teeth gritting, stared after
him. Alan Moss, with his good looks and
his good car, and his rather taking manner,
and his million or so tucked away in gilt-
edged paper, was gone up Rockridge way;
while Henry panted and directed a blazing
stare at the distances that had swallowed
him!

  It was decidedly odd, of course, yet it
was no more odd than the way Henry left
the ill-fated spot where Alan had pulled up
beside him, five minutes bapk. Jaws set
viciously, gaze upon the pavement, hands
still clenched, Henry breathed heavily as he
turned down the side street, where stood the
apartment-hotel he called home, and made
strange sounds, causing several startled by-
standers to open their eyes and look after
him. Savage sounds they were, running
from a growl to a distinctly profane rumble
and back again to a growl; and they ceased
only when Henry caught the inquiring stare
of the day-clerk in his hotel lobby. There-
upon Henry relaxed somewhat, stared dark-
ly at his pigeonhole in the mail-rack and
found it empty, and asked briefly:

  “ Mr. Terral home yet?”

   “ You’ll find him up-stairs, sir,” said the
clerk. '• He came home half an hour ago.
There’s a gentleman with him, waiting to
see you.”

  “Who?”

  “ Why, I think it’s Mr. Anderson, your
lawyer. He—”

  More than this Henry failed to hear, for
he was darting into the elevator. The
blackness was disappearing from his coun-
tenance, too; hope kindled a new light, and
Henry was even smiling eagerly as he
stepped off at the seventh floor and strode
down to Suite 7C at the end.

  And, then, having entered quite boister-
ously, Henry stopped short. Whitmore Ter-
ral, the rather insignificant second cousin
with whom he shared his rooms, was sitting
there, prim as ever, and Anderson, the
attorney, smoked comfortably in the big
leather chair—but there was no expected

joyful glow on either of their faces. Ander-
son, in fact, sighed as he arose and shook
hands with Henry.

  “ 1 thought perhaps — when they said
that you were here—” escaped Henry.

   Anderson smiled dismally, shook his head
and sat down again.

  “ You thought that everything was all
right, eh, and that I’d come to tell you,
Mr. Baird. I wish that it might have been
so.”

   He sighed again and considered his cigar.
Henry, having disposed of his hat and found
a cigar for himself in the dwindling box,
trimmed it and lighted it and dropped into
a chair with:

  “ Well?”

  “ Well, you’re not going to sell your
Michigan copper property this week—or
next week—or the week after,” the lawyer
said slowly. “ Our Mr. Wiggins just got in
this afternoon, after looking the whole thing
over on his Western trip.”

  “ And—”

   “ The man Blackton still insists that the
title to the whole tract is his, and not yours,
Mr. Baird,” the attorney said slowly.
“ Wiggins talked with him, and although he
declined to show any of the papers that are
supposed to support his claim, he persisted
that they would be produced at the proper
time and establish all his contentions.”

  " And—”

  “ Well, in the crude state of some of
those early Western land records, we may
have the very dickens of a job proving that
he’s wrong,” Anderson sighed.

CHAPTER II.

THE GOLDEN CLOUD.

“ I“\ ITT who the devil is this man
g| Biackton?” Henry demanded wildly.

        “ Whoever heard of him until three
weeks ago, when it was practically settled
that Tilbury and Tilbury, here in New
York, were willing to buy me out for eight
hundred thousand cash? Where did he
come from? Did he just pop out of the
ground out there to grab off property I
bought for a song two years ago, with an
absolutely perfect title? Who—”
180

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “There, there, Mr. Baird!” said Mr.
Baird’s attorney. “ Shouting isn’t going to
help matters, you know. The man has faith
enough in his claim to have carried it to the
courts, when you refused to buy him out.
Nevertheless, Wiggins says that he seems
reasonable enough in some ways. He is still
willing to compromise.”

  “ Compromise for laying claim to some-
thing that’s mine?” Henry cried.

  “ If you choose to call it that,” Anderson
smiled patiently. “ At any rate, he is still
willing to drop his claim for fifty thousand
dollars. You don't care to pay that, I take
it?”

  “You take it dead right!” Henry said
hoarsely. “ I don’t care to pay it; I haven’t
got it to pay and—you’re not advising me
to pay it, are you?”

  The attorney favored him with a wry
smile, and munched his cigar.

  “ Honestly, I don’t know,” he said.
“You bought that tract of land for sixty
thousand or so, Baird. You took the gam-
ble and won, because the copper certainly
is right on the job. You’ve got a chance
now to sell out for eight hundred thousand,
cash. If memory serves, you had a might}'
task getting Tilbury and Tilbury up to the
point of that cash offer, and it is thinkable
that they may not hold it open forever.
The principle’s rotten, of course, because
we’re virtually certain that the man Black-
ton is a fake, pure and simple. At the
same time, it might pay to buy him off
and—”

  His voice trailed away as he regarded
Henry. Henry’s gaze, so fiery a moment
ago, had settled with curious intentness
upon a golden cloud, heading toward the
sunset and just visible through the window.
Harder and harder stared Henry at his
cloud, while his eyes grew to little slits, and
his lips parted: and: “ Er—are you listen-
ing, Mr. Baird?”

  “ Eh?” Henry whirled about again with a
queer, dazed effect. “ Er—of course I’m
listening. Why shouldn’t I be listening?”
The lawyer smiled faintly. In his corner
—he seemed naturally to fade into the more
shadowy spots—Whitmore Terral squinted,
removed his shell-rimmed glasses and pol-
ished them, and squinted the harder at

Henry Baird when he had replaced them.
Whitmore, too, had noted that unaccounta-
ble preoccupation of Henry’s.

  “ Your mind seemed to be straying,”
murmured the attorney. “ Well? You
don’t feel that it’s worth while to pay
Blackton his fifty thousand and charge it
off to profit and loss?”

  Henry shook his head slowly. But that
such a thing was manifestly absurd, one
might have thought that he was gazing
straight through the lawyer and at some
unpleasant shape far beyond; and there was
a distant, dismal quality in his voice now,
too.

  “ No,. I don’t feel anything of the kind,”
he said absently. “ What then?”

  Anderson shrugged his shoulders and
reached for his hat.

  “ Things will have to take their natural
course, I presume. We may possibly be in
for a long wait, if the thing hangs over till
the fall term of their court out there. On
the other hand, it may very likely be possi-
ble for us to have Blackton’s suit brought
to trial in a week or two. I hope so.”

  “And then?” Whitmore suggested anx-
iously from his corner.

  “ I’m no clairvoyant,” the attorney
laughed, as he arose. “ I can’t tell what
may happen then. Very possibly we’ll run
Blackton out of court in another week or
so, and Mr. Baird will sell his mine, if the
Tilbury offer still holds good. On the other
hand, it’s likely enough that—”

  And now the unusual Henry had come
quite out of his unaccountable dream!
Now, quite fiercely, he turned upon his
attorney.

  “No. it isn’t likely enough!” he exploded.
“ We’re going to lick Blackton, and lick
him inside of that week or two at the very
most. D’ye hear? At the very most!"

  “• Naturally, we hope—”

  “ It isn’t what we hope: it’s what has to
be! That copper tract is mine to sell, and
I’ve got to sell it, and sell it quick! I’ve
got to get my hands on that eight hundred
thousand dollars!”

  “ But—er—why?”

  “Why? Because—huh!” Henry said,
his tone dropping as he caught himself.
“ Well—er—because I have to have eight
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

181

hundred thousand dollars!” he ended
gruffly.	'

  Half a minute or so, Mr. Anderson waited
for further light. Henry, apparently, had
no idea of furnishing it; his hard, steady
gaze remained upon the attorney, as if
challenging him to deny the necessity of
that particular eight hundred thousand—
&nd that was all. And since Anderson did
not know Henry intimately enough to be
aware that the demon rum had never passed
his lips, he entertained certain private sus-
picions and shrugged his shoulders again
and put on his hat.

  “ Most of us stand in chronic need of
about eight hundred thousand dollars, of
course,” he said dryly. “ I’ll do whatever
can be done, Mr. Baird; you know that, of
course; and I’ll let you know just as soon as
anything new appears. Good afternoon.”
“Well—wait just one second!” Henry
cried, and this time there was something
downright piteous in his tone. “ Always
supposing that things do go well, Anderson,
what’s the shortest possible time in which I
may be able to sell the property?”

  “ You may sell it to-morrow, if Blackton
drops dead or quits the case. It’s possible
enough that we may have him licked in—
say a month. But—”

  “ Can’t we lick him in less than a
month?”

  “ Why, if they decided to rush the thing
through, we could lick him in a week, of
course,” Anderson said soothingly, and ac-
complished another step toward the door.
To some extent, Henry controlled himself.
“ But for the immediate present that sale
is blocked hard and fast?”

  “ Very hard and uncommonly fast, I
should say, Mr. Baird,” the attorney con-
cluded grimly. “ Good day.”

  The elevator-gate had clanged behind him
before Henry Baird and his second cousin,
Whitmore Terral, ceased gazing at one an-
other. There was a vast difference in these
two gazes. Whitmore’s was the gaze of
deep trouble, sanely faced, nevertheless.
Henry’s was the gaze of a stricken animal,
wounded and helpless and still infuriated
past bearing.

  “ It is unfortunate,” Whitmore mur-
mured. “ Very, very unfortunate.”

  “ Unfortunate?” Henry echoed savagely.
“ What sort of sickly little word is that—
unfortunate?”

  “ Eh?”

  “ Don’t gape at me like that, Whitty!
Do you realize that I’m stuck here—stuck
fast—while he and his aviation engine—”
“ What?”

  Whitmore rose suddenly, drawing himself
to his full height, a trifle more than five
feet. With deepest concern, he hurried to
his cousin, and there was that in his expres-
sion which calmed Henry suddenly and, in
great measure, permanently. When Whit-
more looked like that his tireless brain was
about to probe to tthe bottom of a situation.

  “ What in the world did you mean by
that?” Whitmore demanded.

  “ I didn’t mean anything at all,” his
cousin said readily. “ I’m so thundering
mad I don’t know what I’m talking about—
that’s all.”

  “ You spoke of—of an aviation engine?”
“ I was looking at that cloud, Whitty,
and it—Lord, I don’t know! I suppose it
suggested aviation to me. What I meant
to say was ‘ he and his claim,’ or something
of the kind.”

  “ Meaning—er—Blackton?”

  “ Meaning Blackton, of course.”
Whitmore sighed lightly and considered
his cousin again; and reading his thoughts
was no simple matter now, unless one could
penetrate the back of a head. Henry was
staring out of the window once more.

  “ Henry, there is something on your mind
—beside this copper matter, I mean?”
Whitmore said tentatively. “ I’ve never
seen you act like this before.”

  “ You’ve never been around when any
one tried to trim me for eight hundred thou-
sand dollars before.”

  “ But even if the sale is delayed for a
while—”

  “ It isn’t necessarily fatal, eh?” Henry
said drearily. “ Well, perhaps it isn’t to
you, Whitty. You’re drawing down the
astonishing sum of fifty per week for being
private secretary to an elderly gentleman
who collects old china and writes letters to
his tenants. But I haven’t even fifty a
week, Whitty. I’ve got about two thousand
dollars’ worth of small bills that I see no
182

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

chance of paying. I’ve got an elderly
automobile worth four or five hundred
dollars, if the market was good—which it
isn’t. I’ve got just one hundred dollars in
cash, right here in my pocket, -in the whole
world!”

  “ I—er—didn’t know that you were quite
as low as that, Henry,” Whitmore said,
steadily enough. “ But, even so, that doesn’t
account for your excitement.’'

  “ Do I have to account for it?” Henry
muttered.

  “ Henry, I—I beg your pardon, but you
—you haven’t been drinking?”

  “ Don’t be an ass! ”

  Whitmore drew a deep breath and nodded
to himself.

  “ Is it a—a woman. Henry?'” he inquired.

  “ Eh?”

  “ A woman, Henry?” Whitmore repeated
steadily.

  “A—pah! Hell! No! No, it isn’t a
woman!” Henry snapped, and fixed his eyes
on the distant golden cloud.

  And it was a queer statement, coming
from Henry, too. The very soul of honesty
and honor, Henry had told a flat lie that
time, because most certainly it was a
woman!

  Not that this was any ordinary, everyday
women, you understand; this was the one
perfect flower of all the generations of wo-
man that have been born to earth since the
creation. This woman, let it be confessed
at once, was none other than Miss Mabel
Darrow — Mabel, the only daughter of
Philip Darrow, who has made a number of
millions himself and is really the whole
firm of Darrow & Co.

  And she had gone away from Henry three
full weeks ago, and in each of these weeks
he had somehow survived seven centuries of
gnawing loneliness and yearning; and
through each of them he had looked forward
with straining eyes toward the big day when
the accursed mine should actually be sold
and, his poverty-locked lips free at last
after so many agonizing months, he should
dash to Mabel’s side and gamble his whole
future happiness on a single word when he
asked—oh, no, that lie was fully justified!
Whitmore never could understand a thing
like that!

  And now, poverty-stricken still and likely
to remain so for a long time, Henry was
here in New York and Mabel was in Rock-
ridge, Massachusetts; and somewhere on
the road between the two Alan Moss was
spinning along. Darrow himself liked the
cheeky little rotter, too! So much had been
evident on several occasions w'hen Henry
had met Moss in the Darrow home and—

  “ It is not a woman, Henry?” Whitmore
repeated doubtfully.

  This time Henry Baird did not even
bother to answer. Was it actually, humanly
possible that a—a thing like this Alan Moss
stood a chance of winning her, be his ob-
vious advantages what they might? Did
those eyes of Mabel’s really mean nothing
at all, when they looked so deeply into
Henry’s own—or had looked in that dead
age, three weeks ago? Henry caught the
sigh just before it escaped and went on
staring at his golden cloud.

  The cloud was breaking into little frag-
ments now and drifting away in several
directions. Five minutes more and it would
have vanished completely—which, by the
way, is the mean little trick played by many
varieties of golden cloud.

CHAPTER III.

JABS FROM THE NEEDLEMAN.

IT may be as well to glance briefly at
Whitmore Terral.

He was small, as has been noted,
where Henry was distinctly big and broad
and splendidly upholstered with muscle.
People passed Whitmore fifty or sixty times
before they even knew of his existence;
Henry, on the other hand, caught one’s
attention at the first glance, with his rather
handsome countenance, his long and posi-
tive stride, and his general air of prosperity
and importance. Whitmore was very thor-
oughly educated, while Henry — well, of
course, Henry was very thoroughly edu-
cated, too, since he had been graduated
from the same college in the same year;
but it will have to be conceded that while
Whitmore had carried away many rare gems
of the mind, the most tangible evidences
of Henry’s flight through college were one
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

183

silver cup and two medals, now in the book-
case. In the evenings, Whitmore read
deeply and at great length, while Henry
wandered happily among congenial people
—and yet, as a rule, the pair got along won-
derfully well together.

  Just now Whitmore sighed and returned
to the chair beside the living-room’s big
table.

  “ I wish you felt able to tell me what
troubles you, Henry,” he said simply. “ It
might be that I could advise you.”

  Henry turned away from his window; the
cloud was all gone now.

  “ You can’t advise a man who’s carrying
around a personal hoodoo, Whitty.”

“ You have no personal hoodoo, Henry.”
“ Well, I insist that I have,” Henry
snapped. “ He’s been with me for a solid
year now, working overtime. I’ve had more
pure hard luck than—”

  “ Rot!” said Whitmore.

  “ Rot be hanged! ” Henry cried. "There’s
no rot about it! Everything I touch crum-
bles to bits! Everything I look at fades
away and dies! Everything—”
“Twaddle!” said Whitmore.

  “ Do you find an unusual amount of
twaddle in the way this copper sale has
fallen down?” Henry demanded grimly, yet
with a touch of sour satisfaction. “ Five
per cent of that is yours, you know, Whitty.
It costs you forty thousand dollars to see
the thing held up! ”

  This time Whitmore Terral winced.

  “ I am quite aware of that, Henry,” he
said gravely. “ I invested all that remained
of father’s fortune in the venture, and it
means much to me. Nevertheless, you do
not find me moaning about hard luck?”

  “ Go ahead and moan, then! ” Henry said
savagely. “ You’ll have to moan like sin to
beat me!”

  - I shall not moan at all,” Whitmore
smiled soberly. “ I am not a believer in
hard luck.”

  " What do you call it, then?”

   " In your case, as a broad, general propo-
sition, I should say that it was a genius for
doing the wrong thing, Henry. Oh, not so
much in the matter of this copper tract,
perhaps, but in other things. Let us con-
sider your case, point by point, and—”

  “ Whitty.” Henry said, almost danger-
ously, “ let us can that didactic stuff! When
a man has absolutely nothing left on earth,
he doesn’t want to be considered point by
point.”

  “ You have a great deal left,” said Whit-
more. “You have youth and health and—
spotless honor, Henry!”

  “ Eh?”

  “ You have the blood of the Terrals in
your veins, Henry!” concluded Henry’s
cousin, with downright solemnity.

  Henry grinned tartly at him.

  “ Why, you haven’t sprung that one in
six or eight months, Whitty,” said he.
“ What’s the idea of it now?”

  “ To steady you, for one thing, perhaps,”
sighed Whitmore. “ You’re in quite an ab-
normal state this afternoon. Your perspec-
tive seems entirely shattered, my dear boy.
You are magnifying a mere annoyance into
a positive calamity. Why, a little while ago
you seemed downright hysterical!”

  Henry said nothing at all. On the book-
case, the little clock was just preparing to
strike the hour of six. There is not so much
traffic on the Boston Post Road at that time
on a week-day. At a guess, because he was
a superb driver, Alan Moss had about
passed the suburban districts by now and
was preparing for some real speed. Another
space he would run along the Sound, slow-
ing down through a pretty town, whizzing
on again, slowing down for another; then
he would head north and open her up in
good earnest and—he meant to visit with
the Darrows themselves this time, Henry
concluded suddenly and with a start!

  That had been the significance of his
mention of “ visiting around ” and of the
unusually self-confident grin! Yes, that was
it: he meant to stay at the Darrow place in
Rockridge, which Henry had never even
seen. And they expected him—Mabel ex-
pected him—and there would be a late
dinner waiting for him, doubtless to be
enjoyed alone with Mabel, because Henry
recalled all too vividly a dozen remarks
which indicated that Darrow spent most of
his evenings at the Rockridge Country
Club. And all of this while Henry sat in
Suite 7C.

  He clasped his hands and sighed shud-
184

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

deringly. He set his teeth. It seemed to
Henry that he must see Mabel Darrow
again or—yes, actually, literally, die! That
sort of thing really does happen when one
has postponed the first real falling in love
to the ripe old age of twenty-eight. Henry
groaned and—

  “ But don't take it so much to heart,
Hen,” Whitty said, quite kindly, and it
was evident that he had been talking for
some time. “ I don’t mean to distress you
unduly, but that ridiculous notion of hard
luck must be exorcised—really! Remember
that the Terrals have never been whipped,
boy! Remember that the Terral honor—”
“ Yes, I know all about the Terral honor,
Whitty. I’ve never soiled it at all, and I
never shall,” Henry said briefly. “ That has
nothing to do with being marooned here
with the last hundred dollars and no real
prospects for weeks.”

  “ It has much to do with just that,
Henry,” said his cousin, and leaned back
thoughtfully. “ Now, suppose that we
analyze, quite calmly—”

  He might have done just that, too, save
that the telephone bell selected just that
second to ring briskly. Henry started
nervously and gazed at it; Whitmore, on
the other hand, after noting the start and
frowning perplexedly, arose with entire calm
and stepped to the instrument. He listened
and grunted an affirmative; he turned back
to Henry.

  “Larkin!” he said simply.

CHAPTER IV.

A VISIT FROM MR. LARKIN.

“ T’"' H? My tailor?” Henry smiled sadly.
H “ Tell him to go to blazes, Whitty.
I can't afford any more clothes for a

while.”

  “ Are you sure you haven’t ordered any
lately?” "

  “ Quite sure. Why?”

  “ Larkin’s coming up here with a bundle
for you, Henry.”

  Henry scowled and shook his head.

  “ He's made some mistake or other,” he
muttered, without concern. “ It isn’t my
bundle, Whitty. I rather wish it was.”

  “ When it is barely a month since he
made you three new suits, Henry!” Whit-
more exclaimed.

  In the hallway, the elevator gate had
rattled again. The little buzzer on the door
of the suite whined energetically—and Lar-
kin and his bundle were with them.

  He entered very briskly, did the little
tailor. He nodded at Whitmore and closed
the door after him with his foot, which was
an odd little thing to do and not at all like
the usual Larkin. As a rule, he carried an
air of fitting and flattering humility with
him: that seemed to have been left some-
where else this late afternoon.

  Still, he smiled at Henry, who had ab-
sorbed none of these details, and Henry
srpiled at him with a careless:

  “ Not my stuff, Larkin. You’ve made a
mistake.”

  Mr. Larkin’s smile broadened.

  “ I know it’s not your stuff, sir, but I
haven’t made any mistake. It’s just linings
in that bundle.”

  “ Eh?”

  “ In a house like this it’s a bit easier to
get up-stairs without a lot of questions, if
you’re delivering something,” the caller in-
formed him, and laid his package on the big
davenport and his hat atop the package:
after which he straightened up and looked
directly at Henry Baird.

  Henry grinned absently.

  “ I suppose so,” he agreed. “ But you’ve
wasted your ingenuity this time, Larkin. I
don’t care to order any more clothes just
yet.”

  “ I hadn't thought of asking you to order
any, sir,” the tailor informed him quietly.
“ ft wasn’t about that that I called.”

  “ No?”

  “ No, it was about the three suits I made
for you over two months ago, sir,” the caller
said significantly- and waited.

  “ Oh, they were all right,” Henry assured
him.

  “ I know they were, Mr. Baird,” Larkin
agreed, “ but they’ve left a little balance on
my books that isn’t quite so much all right,
so to speak.”

  “ What?”

  “ A matter of three hundred and fifty
dollars, sir.”
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

185

  Henry’s smile faded and a scowl whisked
into its place.

   <! It ’11 be paid in due time, Larkin!” he
snapped.

  “ Exactly, Mr. Baird. But that might
leave a sort of diversity of opinion, as you
may say, about just what due time means,”
the tailor said steadily yet smilingly.

  “ Well, it means in this case that when I
get mighty good and ready to pay you,
you’ll get your check!” Henry thundered,
for on this particular afternoon he was in
no mood at all to bandy words with tailors.

  And this, of course, was Mr. Larkin’s cue
to gasp a little and snatch up his package
and fade swiftly from the picture; yet he
must have missed his cue, for he did none
of these things. Instead, his eyes hardened
and his chin stuck forward a little, and he
kept on looking at Henry Baird.

  “ Quite so,” said he. “ And I’ve no doubt
you find that sort of thing very effective
with some people, but it doesn’t go with me
at all, Mr. Baird!”

  “ What’s that?” cried Henry, unbeliev-
ingly, since his hearing seemed to have gone
astray.

  The thing simply couldn’t be happening,
you see. Robbins, who had made Henry’s
clothes for a dozen years, or until his poor
old failing eyes really made a change of
tailors imperative, could no more have made
a speech like that than he could have
spread his elderly arms and flown away
toward the moon. Larkin wasn’t doing it,
either, although:

  “ That’s exactly what I said! ” Larkin
repeated. “ It doesn’t go at all with me,
Mr. Baird!”

  “ Well, upon my soul—” gasped Henry.
“ Now, 1 think if you’ll just drop that
bunk indignation, sir, we’ll get on much
better,” the unusual tailor rapped out.
“ Let’s see where we stand, sir. This was
my first order from you, wasn’t it?”

  “ And the last!” choked Henry Baird.

  “ Like enough,” agreed Mr. Larkin, with-
out a single visible tear. “ You came to
me from Robbins, sir, and I didn’t ask you
why you’d made the change—although I
may say that sometimes I suspicion them
that are slow pay. However, I did your
work in the very best fashion.”

  “ Eh? Yes.”

  “ And promptly?”

  “ I presume so,” Henry said coldly, for
he was recovering himself and preparing the
icy blast of words that should send Larkin
running.

  “ And I’ll tell you, Mr. Baird, that there’s
no finer woolens, and no finer linings, and
no finer workmanship than what you got
in them three suits,” the tailor pursued
energetically. “ All right. I did my part.
Now I’m asking vou to do yours. That’s
all.”

  “ Larkin!” Henry began heavily.

  “I'm willing to give thirty days, sir;
I’ll give sixty if I have to. But when a
gent doesn’t show any signs of paying
inside of sixty days, I come after the money,
and I get it!”

  His wretched chin stuck farther forward.
His eyes shot a hot, unpleasant light that
had its own most peculiar effect on the icy
torrent about to leave Henry’s lips. If ever
an untutored savage of a tailor meant busi-
ness, it was this Larkin person; and, really,
the best that Henry could do was a hoarse:
“Very well! You’ve said enough. Go!
I’ll see that you’re paid shortly.”

  “ Well, I’ll see that I'm paid right here
and now, sir.” .

  “ You can't collect from me by any such
tactics, Larkin!” Henry said threateningly.

  “Oh, yes, 1 can!” Larkin corrected
briskly. “ I’ll tell you why. I’ve got a man
in my shop who used to work for Robbins,
and he tells me that you were frequently
eight or ten months behind, and that you
owe Robbins money right now. That’s
Robbins’s business: 1 run mine differently.
I’ve got a pretty good line on people like
you, Mr. Baird: either you’ve got no money
at all, and I know better than that, or
you’re—well, I may as well say it and end
any misunderstanding—or you’re trying to
be a dead beat! ”

  “ Why, you infernal—” Henry began.

  “ So I ask you just once more: will you
pay that bill now, sir?”

  “ I will not!” said Henry.

  “ Will you pay half of it now, sir?”

  “ I will*not!” said Henry, and the more
he strove to render his voice infuriated,
the more it sought to thin out.
186

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Then I’ll tell you quite honestly, Mr.
Baird, that I’m going to give you until day
after to-morrow to reconsider the thing—
and after that I’m going to sue you.”

  “ What?”

  “ I’m going to show you up!” the tailor
said angrily. “ I mean that, too! I’m going
to advertise you for just what you are,
Mr. Baird. Well?”

  “ I think I’d pay him, Henry,” Whitmore
suggested unexpectedly, for in the excite-
ment he had quite lost track of Henry’s
financial condition.

  “I’ll do nothing of the sort!” Henry
said thickly.

  Larkin shook his head and gathered up
his hat and his package.

  “ I thought I hadn’t made any mistake!”
he said unpleasantly. “I’ve got five cases
like yours, and I’m going to make an ex-
ample of one of them. You’ll be it, I think.
Good evening!”

  He nodded and walked straight out, slam-
ming the door after him. It may be that
he waited in the corridor to be called back,
because it was some time before the elevator
ascended to remove him; if so, he was
wholly disappointed. They did not call him
back; there was no occasion at all for any-
thing of that sort.

  Instead, they gazed round-eyed at one
another. Whitmore was rather pale; Henry
himself was distinctly red, with a shiny film
upon his forehead.

  “ He’ll do it!” Henry said hoarsely.

  “ I think he will,” mused Whitmore.

  “ And you know what it means, don’t
you?” Henry pursued, with agitation that
soared by the second. “ It means that I’ll
be advertised as a plain pauper, Whitmore.
It means that everybody ’11 know I’m stone
broke. It means that Tilbury & Tilbury '11
know it.”

  “ But—”

  “I’ve been putting up a considerable
bluff around that office, Whitty. I’ve been
posing as a rather wealthy person who
doesn’t really care whether he sells out his
copper property or not. That, chiefly, is
how I got them worked up to paying eight
hundred thousand dollars—and once they
find out that it’s a matter of life or death
to me—”

  He broke off, for his voice caught. He
laughed bitterly at Whitmore, then: “ Well,
do you believe in my hard luck now?” he
demanded.

  Whitmore swallowed the rather scared
little lump in his throat and was himself.

  “No, 1 do not!” he said tartly. “The
thing’s an infernal nuisance, of course, but
it isn’t going to ruin us by any means.”

  “ Have you got three hundred and fifty
dollars to choke him off with?”

  “ No, I haven’t,” Whitmore said, with a
sad little smile. “ I haven’t put aside any-
thing these last months, you know; what
with the—er—rent here and one thing and
another. Still, that’s not important. You
can borrow that much, Henry.”

  “ From whom?”

  “ Well—Peters might lend it to you.”

  “ Yes, and he’d tell every soul he met
about it.”

  “He might,” Whitmore conceded. “Well,
why not—why not try Joe Plant, Henry?
He has plenty of money.”

  “ Who?”

  “ Joe Plant, of course. You’ve known
him a good many years.”

  “ Yes, and I’d rather go to the news-
stand at the corner and try to borrow money
from the old man there!” Henry said, with
more than a touch of contempt for his
cousin’s intelligence. “ Why, Joe Plant hates
me worse than I hate him! ”

  “ Joe?”

  “ Of course. We passed a good part of
our boyhood punching each other’s heads.
He’s detested me since the first time he laid
eyes on me, and I feel about the same to-
ward Joe. Anyway, he’s not in town.”

  “ Where is he?”

  “ Honeymooning, somewhere or other—
up Tolver Manor way, I believe. That’s
another count he has against me, you
know.” said Henry, and grinned suddenly.
“ His wife—Evelyn.”

  “ Eh?”

  “Yep!” Henry chuckled. “I—I had a
sort of temporary obsession about Evelyn,
you know, a year and a half ago, and
Evelyn seemed rather taken with me, too,
Whitty. In fact, I’ll admit to you now
that we were engaged for about forty-eight
hours, although it wasn’t advertised.”
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

187

  ‘•Henry!” said Whitmore, who did not
take these things lightly.

  “ And then we both woke up, thank
Heaven, and Joe came along with his brute
cave-man stuff and won her and married her.
For which, by the way, I’m duly grateful;
I’m not strong for these ladies who feed
on emotion, and fancy the whole world
in love with ’em because they’re fairly good-
looking and vampish and—all that sort of
tommyrot, Whitty. But I’d never ask a
favor of Plant if it was to save my neck,
boy! Think up somebody else.”

  “ I’ll try,” muttered Whitmore, and sat
down suddenly and buried his head in his
hands.

  Now, it might have been supposed that
Henry, too, would have devoted his whole
brain to the canvassing of prospects. As it
chanced, he did nothing of the kind.
Drearily enough, Henry walked back to the
window and resumed his study of the sky,
which was darkening now.

  By this time, he suspected, Alan Moss
was past Stamford, drawing nearer and
nearer and nearer to Mabel. Henry shut
his teeth hard and rammed his hands into
his pockets. And he was here, dunned by
a tailor who threatened to— Henry started
visibly!

  Astonishment came to his features—and
then a frown—and then a very curious, in-
tent expression which indicated deep, quick
thought. There is such a thing, of course,
as combining discretion and inclination,
business and pleasure. In fact, considering
his secret mental state, it was rather odd
that the inspiration had not come to Henry
within two seconds of Larkin’s departure.
His lips parted and he nodded to the outer
dusk; he smiled, quickly and eagerly.

  “ Now it is just possible—” Whitmore
began.

  “ Never mind whether it is or not,”
Henry said, so briskly, so differently, that
Whitmore blinked at him through the
glasses. “ I can’t afford to take the risk of
going around and borrowing little sums of
money just now. It’s too beastly obvious
and it’s unnecessary, anyway. I’ve got the
answer to the whole thing: I’ll disappear!”

  “■ You’ll do what?”

  “ Just disappear early to-morrow morn-

ing, Whitty. I’ll take the car and strap on
the little trunk of clothes and roll out of
town for a week or two!”

  He laughed, with real blitheness; and
while it may be too much to say that sus-
picion welled up with new force in Whit-
more, it is certain that he looked very nar-
rowly indeed at his cousin.

  “ Yes? And in—er—just what direction
were you thinking of rolling?” he asked,

  “ Eh? Oh, that doesn’t matter, so that
I’m out of the way,” said Henry; and gave
an excellent imitation of a man pausing to
give brief consideration to a matter of
really small importance. “ I’ll probably
head up New England way. I’ll keep you
advised as to where I am, of course. I may
make—er—Rockridge by to-morrow night
—or, no! I’ll probably stop off at New
Bingham, twenty miles this side. They’ve
got a pretty decent hotel there, I believe.”
“ You have friends at New Bingham?”
“ Friends? New Bingham? No, certain-
ly not!” said Henry, and treated his cousin
to a smile of childlike innocence that con-
trasted almost uncannily with his perturba-
tion of five minutes ago.

  “ And suppose something comes up, in
this mine matter, that needs your atten-
tion?”

  “ You’ll look after it, because I’ll leave a
power of attorney with you, Whitty.”

  And now Whitmore stared the harder.
And having stared, he came closer to Henry
and laid a hand on his arm.

  “ Henry, old man,” said he, “ just what
is behind all this?”

  “ Eh?” Henry scowled. “ What the devil
should be behind it?”

  “ Don’t bluster,” Whitmore said steadily.
“ I know that there’s something behind it,
Henry; I feel it. You—you may have
thought I didn’t notice it, but you have been
far from yourself these last two or three
weeks. You’ve been irritable and — and
—preoccupied—and—jumpy! ”

  “ Piffle!” said Henry.

  “ Manifestations of that kind usually
have a woman somewhere in the back-
ground,” Whitmore smiled, rather timidly
and apologetically. “ You know, I—I hesi-
tate to say anything of the kind, Hen, but
you’re a — a handsome cuss and women
188

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

seem attracted to you; and I’ve been won-
dering if—if—”

  “ Well, you quit your wondering right
now!” Henry said sternly. “If I’m not
here that little rat can’t serve a summons
and complaint on me, can he?”

  “ No.”

    Well, that’s why I’m leaving town. Are
you ready for dinner?”

  “ You believe that you can run away
from your—vour ‘ hard luck,’ as you call
it?”

 “Yep!”.

  “ Trouble can travel faster than any au-
tomobile, Henry!” sighed Whitmore. And
there he ceased for a little and took to
studying Henry intently. “ There’s a very
bright spot on each of your cheeks! ” Whit-
more finished, irrelevantly.

  “ It's a good thing you’re able to find a
bright spot somewhere,” Henry submitted,
cheerily, for the last detail had settled itself
in his mind during the past minute. “ Let’s
eat!”

CHAPTER V.

WITH TROUBLE AT HIS HEELS.

REPExVTEDLY, during that first forty
miles of rolling through the bright
morning sunshine, Henry Baird was
forced to grin at the white road ahead as
he thought of Whitmore.

  Whitmore, you see, had spent the better
part of a vain evening in trying to point out
the folly of leaving town at all. He had
sought, with deep earnestness, to impress
upon Henry that, even when one travels
alone, one hundred dollars is very limited
capital for a motor trip. He had dwelt at
length upon several minor weak spots in
Henry’s rather elderly car, which might
give way and call for attention, which in
turn meant cash outlay; he had mentioned
the high cost of living and its bearing on
hotel rates; he had mentioned, as well,
about everything else that had occurred to
him and that might possibly have some de-
terring effect upon Henry—and the best
he had received in return was the calm
smile of Henry’s unaltered determination.

  So that now Henry bowled along with

his back toward New York and his eyes
toward New England; and the very curious
thing is that life’s pathway had smoothed
itself out automatically and the future held
nothing but good for Henry Baird. That
persistent run of hard luck had been left
behind; he seemed to know it—that was
all. The man Blackton and his ridiculous
claim would be thrown from the Michigan
courts; the mine would be sold to Tilbury
and Tilbury for the full eight hundred thou-
sand dollars; and more immediately and
more important, Henry Baird would look
again upon Mabel before night.

  Aye, with a little care Henry might look
upon her for two solid weeks! Rockridge
has an hotel of excellent repute and prices
not too exorbitant; there Henry would be
settled before dark. To-night, perhaps, he
would run over to the Darrow place and—
oh, just pop in unexpectedly, after he had
scrubbed off the road dust and extracted
his evening clothes or his white flannels
from the shiny little trunk, just now
strapped to the back of the car.

  Henry sighed and slumped down com-
fortably behind his wheel. One hundred
dollars can be made to go a long, long way
—particularly if nobody suspects that it is
your last hundred. From clothes and shoes
down to collars and tooth-paste, supplies for
a good deal more than two weeks were in
that shiny black trunk. Five dollars a day
ought to suffice for the inn and, to the best
of his knowledge, there were few ways of.
spending loose change, up at Rockridge.
Yes, carefully stretched, his hundred dol-
lars would— Henry aroused suddenly. That
loud report had been in his immediate
neighborhood! Henry slowed down and
craned over the side for a view of his left
rear tire.

  Full of miles and hard service, its end
had come at last! Even as he stopped, a
jagged fragment, as large as one’s hand
stretched out sickeningly from the flattened
wreck. Henry stepped out and stared at it,
with heart pounding rather more energeti-
cally. Henry spoke, too, although it were
better not to dwell too minutely upon his
words; in a broad way, they indicated his
opinion of the tire that had been; later,
they sketched in the self-evident fact that
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

189

there was no spare tire on the rear, nor had
there been for a month or so.

  Still, it is only your craven soul that
permits itself to be stopped by minor ob-
stacles. It was bitter enough, to be sure,
since every penny expended on the road
must shorten his Rockridge stay; but the
garage down at the foot of the hill had a
window full of nice, new casings, visible
even at this distance. Henry smiled grimly
and bumped his way to the foot of the
grade.

  He was the poorer by an even fifty dol-
lars when he resumed his tour and he had
ceased to smile so broadly. His bursts of
speed were less frequent, too, and his look-
out for sharp stones grew far more keen—
and when lunch-time came, well up in Con-
necticut, Henry turned his back upon the
alluring place, with its outdoor tables and
its hurrying waiters, and paused at the
humble little bakery, where he consumed
buns and sweet, fresh milk.

  And now real hills were appearing and
Henry was in Massachusetts, with Rock-
ridge not more than fifty miles ahead. They
were harder hills than Henry had imagined,
too; he seemed to have all manner of diffi-
cult}' in getting up them to-day. That was
downright odd, because whatever else might
be said for it this old reliable car usually
negotiated anything short of the side of a
house without complaint. Henry found
himself frowning over the queer, unac-
countable skip in his motor. Poor gas was
probably the cause; he tried a new car-
buretor adjustment.

  And the skip persisted and grew worse.
It sounded more like faulty ignition now.
With another fifteen miles of increasingly
difficult going behind, Henry paused again,
took out his spark-plugs one by one and
scrubbed their points carefully. They did
not seem particularly in need of cleaning,
nor did their scrubbing bring any marked
improvement.

  The first cold dread, as to the real cause,
came just as he passed the crossroads with
its “ New Bingham—fourteen miles ” sign
and its little cluster of houses ahead. He
might try. hard as he chose, to deny it:
but the fact was that his motor had gone
through two full revolutions just then with-

out firing in a single cylinder. Henry
pushed at his horn button; from the horn
came one faint, sad little squeak and noth-
ing more. Ahead, on the concrete garage,
loomed like the writing of Fate the words
“ Battery Service Station.” Henry stopped
and called, without entlisiasm, for the bat-
tery man.

  And presently this kindly person looked
up from the cavern he had been exploring
under Henry’s driving-seat and said:

  “ How long’s this battery been in, broth-
er?”

  “ It must be two years. How long will it
take you to fix it?”

  The kindly one smiled sadly.

  “ Brother, there’s no fix to a battery
that's run six months longer than it has any
license to run. This one’s stone dead, y’
know.”

  “ Er—er—all worn out?” Henry gasped.

  “Absolute and complete!”

  “ I’ll have to—to buy a new one?” Henry
inquired, with a wan and slightly bewildered
smile.

  “ You will unless you want to stop here
with us a spell, brother.”

  “How—how much?” asked Henry Baird.

  “ Forty-three fifty for this type—five off
for cash, of course—and it’s only luck we
got one of ’em in stock. That’s the old
price I’m giving you. too, brother. Shall I
stick her in?”

  He waited, without much sympathy, since
Henry was so evidently a prosperous per-
son. Possibly he wondered why Henry
stared so fixedly at the sky-line to the north.
There was a matter of thirty-four miles be-
tween Henry and Rockridge.

  No smile at all played about his lips as
he rolled out of the village with his new
storage battery under the seat; yet this
was more by reason of Henry’s deep pre-
occupation than because of any real sad-
ness. To some small extent, Whitmore had
certainly been right: Henry had not quite
succeeded in distancing his hard luck. One
or two of the tentacles had reached after
him from New York and stripped his pock-
ets of all but seven or eight dollars.

  Still, while it altered his plans, there was
nothing wholly disastrous about that. One
good thing about a car of standard make
190

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 3s that it has a certain fairly fixed value at
 all times. Henry would have to sell his
 car at New Bingham and in some ways that
 would be better, for it meant that he would
 have much more loose money in his pocket
 when he made Rockridge on an early eve-
 ning local.

 In a place like New Bingham, he fancied,
 one should get a pretty good price for this
 kind of car. Henry frowned meditatively
 and spun along. About six hundred dollars
 would be the right figure for a beginning,
 he thought; he might have to shade that a
 trifle, although not much more than fifty
 dollars—and there, by the way, were the
 spires of New Bingham, just over the hill.

 Henry thrilled and put on a little extra
 speed, entering the town with quite a swirl
 of dust and coming to a rather effective stop
 before the one big garage. A soured-look-
 ing man shuffled out, evidently under the
 impression that Henry wished to buy gas.

 “ I want to see the boss,” Henry said
 crisply.

 “ Keep on looking,” the other advised.

 “ You're he?”

 •• I’m him,” said the soured one un-
 Smilingly.

 “ Do you—er—buy cars?”

   H-m. Now and then.”

 “I’d like to sell you this one!” Henry
 laughed cheerily.

 The soured one peered at him—and at
 the car—and at Henry again—and then
 seemed to back into his shell.

 “ What you asking?”

 “ Six hundred, cash!”

 “ As is?”

 “ Without the trunk, of course.”

 Followed a period of deep silence, where-
 in the native sent his eyes from front to
 rear, from top to bottom, of Henry’s motor.
 “ I don’t see it.”

 “ I might shade that figure a little.”

“ Uhuh? How much?”

 “ Shall we call it five fifty?” Henry in-
 quired.

 “ You pretty anxious to sell?”

   Oh, no—no!” said Henry. “ But I’m
 not going to have much more use for a car
 this summer and—”

 “ Your car, of course?”

 “ Well, naturally.”

  “ You’re—touring, hev?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ And you just got the notion you’d sell
the car and quit touring, eh?” the soured
one asked curiously.

  “ You have said it,” Henry laughed.

  The other backed farther into his shell.
He seemed rather to have forgotten Henry,
too. He stared down the main street for a
space and then up the main street; he
scratched a match on his “ No Smoking ”
sign and lighted his pipe. Keenly, he
peered at Henry Baird.

  “ Give you one hundred and fifty, spot
cash!” he shot forth.

  “You’ll give me—what?”

  “ One fifty, and not a cent more!”

  Henry Baird caught his breath. And
still—unless he wished to start out and
drum the town for another buyer, it really
seemed to lie between taking this criminal’s
hundred and fifty dollars or turning back
homeward again. One does not spend a
week or two in Rockridge on eight dollars.

  “All right! I’ll let it go at that! ” Henry
said bitterly.

  The soured one did not even remove his
pipe, but his eye sparkled curiously.

  “ You won’t let it go at that around
here!” he stated.

  “ Eh?”

  “You listen to me, you darned crook!”
the sour person said, astonishingly. “ You
ain’t the first one that’s stole a car and
brought it here to sell and you won’t be
the last, but at that I’m gettin’ darned sick
of it! D’ ye hear? I’m gettin’ sick of
being taken for a blasted fool!”

  “ I—I—what are you talking about?”
Henry stammered.

  “ That’s all right! Don’t you get red
and shout at me! I’m wise to ye and I
ain’t afraid of ye!” said the other and
backed away a pace. “ Nobody’s selling a
car like that at any such figure that come
by it honest. You beat it!”

  “ Why, you—you confounded old—”

  “ Say, listen!” cried the garage-man. “ I
have got rheumatism and m’ wife’s sick
and I’m having a time with help here and I
ain’t lookin’ for any more trouble or excite-
ment; but if you want to stick around a
few minutes I’ll phone for the constable
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

191

and let you prove tfiis here’s your car. Get
me? I don’t want to see your tickets; I
know that one, too! The last chap we had
here with a stolen car ’d durned near killed
the owner getting his tickets away from
him. You going to wait here for the con-
stable?”

  “No,- you blithering idiot!” said Henry
Baird, bitterly, as he climbed back behind
his wheel again.

CHAPTER VI.

TWO HUNDRED CHANCES.

ANOTHER sale was shattered; he
would do.no more peddling of his car
in New Bingham, because this pes-
simistic individual, in all probability, would
shuffle in to his telephone and warn any
other garages that might be in town. For
that matter, if he chose to warn his con-
stable, Henry Baird was in no mood for
effective protest.

  He had wronged Whitmore; Whitmore
was utterly right; there are certain kinds
of hoodoo which one cannot leave behind.
Henry owned a fine, healthy specimen of
the breed and—oh, what was the matter
with him, anyway? He looked around at
New Bingham’s chief residential street, with
its handsome houses set far back and its
lawns and smiling, hurrying people and
happy children. Surely enough, what was
the matter with him? In a world packed
with joy and opportunity and any number
of other good things, it is only the weakest
kind of weakling who permits himself to be
depressed by a demented garage keeper.

  Henry straightened up and even laughed
aloud, partly at the man and partly in
scorn at himself. He was very nearly
through New Bingham now and still head-
ing toward Rockridge and— What in the
world was the big festivity over there?
Henry turned toward it and slowed down.

  The big White church appeared to be the
center, but there were tents and booths and
gay trappings all over the huge lawn and
in the big, smooth field behind as well.
There were people around by the hundreds,
too—women in gala attire and girls and
girls and girls and still more girls, with a

man or two here and there. There was a
band, off in the distance—and there were
even girls on Henry’s running-board and one
little sixteen-year-old was crying:

  “ Come right in here at the big gate.
There’s no admission!”

  Henry grinned doubtfully.

  “ Er—just what is it?”

  “ The fair for the new organ, of course.”
  “ Well, I’m afraid—”

  “ Well, just come in for a minute and
look around! ” a musical voice beside his
left ear importuned. “ You can park your
'car out behind the church and—oh, just
look at what we’re doing and—”

  They had fairly swamped him now. He
seemed to be turning in, of no particular
accord of his own. A fat, pink hand reached
over and jabbed incessantly at his horn-
button as he rolled slowly through the
crowd, bringing a scurrying and a chorus
of care-free laughter at every jab.

  “ You’ve come up from New York?” an-
other voice was asking him.

  “ Just to-day,” said Henry.

  “ Well, then — just stop here; this is
good enough — girls! Here’s somebody
come all the way from New York, just to
attend the fair! Mr. Singer!”

  A plump, benign person, mainly in black,
detached himself from a surging knot of
femininity and approached with quiet,
kindly dignity. The same voice shrilled:

  “ Oh, Mr. Singer! Here’s—what’s your
name?”

  “ Baird! ” Henry confessed, rather faintly.
“ Here’s Mr. Baird, from New York. He
wants to help, too!”

  A large, soft, white hand shook Henry’s.
A low, carefully modulated voice assured
him:

  “ We’re very glad indeed to welcome you,
Mr. Baird. Our girls have turned out won-
derfully for the new organ, don’t you
think?”

  “They have indeed!” Henry agreed.

  “ We’d never have done a thing, if it
hadn’t been for Mr. Singer!” a new voice
informed him enthusiastically. “ Mr. Singer
just does absolutely everything that’s to be
done in the church here!”

  “Oh, Miss Reece!” Mr. Singer pro-
tested benevolently.
192

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Oh, but you do! You know you do!
If it wasn’t for Mr. Singer—”

  Here a chorus, coming from nowhere in
particular and for no particular reason,
drowned the words. The group surged
away from Henry. Mr. Singer smiled hap-
pily.

  “ Our girls are workers, Mr. Baird!” he
mused.

  “ They—er—yes, they do seem to be,”
Henry agreed. “ You’ve raised the money
for the organ, I hope?”

  “ Well, we expect to raise it, before the
evening is out,” said Mr. Singer. “ Things
are going a little slowly as yet and T—yes,
Miss Donaldson?”

  A statuesque blonde was beckoning him.
He mumbled his excuses to Henry and hur-
ried away—and Henry himself settled back
with an astonished little sigh. Certainly,
he had been projected into a new atmos-
phere with something of a rush; and at an-
other time and under other circumstances
he might have drawn a good deal of fun
from Mr. Singer and the racing girls and
all the rest of it. Just now, Henry thought
—since there was no earthly reason for his
being just here—he would make an incon-
spicuous escape and—

  “ Won’t you buy a chance on my crazy-
quilt?” asked a rather maddening combina-
tion of red hair and violet eyes, bounding
to Henry’s side.

  “ Well, I’m afraid—” Henry began.

  “ Just one! They’re only a dollar! Just
one chance!”

  And she laid the little printed ticket on
his knee and looked at Henry; and Henry
even grinned when he had handed her the
dollar and pocketed the slip!

  “ And you’ll have to take a chance on my
banana-tree!” a thin, sparkling little girl
informed him from the other side. Oh,
yes you will, if you bought one from her!
Yes, you will, Mr. Baird! It’s a lovely
tree and some time or other there’ll be
bananas on it—and it’s only a dollar!”

  So Henry bought another chance; and
as the sparkling little girl twinkled off into
the crowd again, Henry drew a long breath
and placed his heel on the starter-button; if
he meant to retain the price of an evening
meal, it was time to leave.

  And she who must unquestionably have
been New Bingltam’s very loveliest daugh-
ter, had glided to the side of his car and
laid both fair hands thereon.

  “ There are just two chances left for the
sun-dial,” she confided to Henry. “ Won’t
you buy them? They’re only two dollars
apiece! ”

  “ I might—might—I might take one of
them! ” Henry stuttered.

  “ Oh, do buy both!”

  “ But—”

  “Do buy them!” pleaded New Bing-
ham’s prize beauty, and there was no deny-
ing that she was an almighty attractive girl
and that her eyes were little short of won-
derful. “ It’s such a little thing, you know,
but it all helps with the organ; and Mr.
Singer has worked so hard and he counts
so much on us!”

  There was a mere five-dollar bill, shrink-
ing timidly and alone into the very bottom
of Henry’s pocket. Yet she who had had
two chances left had none at aH, when she
had handed Henry his dollar in change!

  Then she was gone and Henry was
breathing heavily. To all intents, he was
penniless now and—how had it happened?
He could not as yet understand. And why
must it have happened? That he was even
less able to grasp. It was merely the way
Fate played with Henry Baird, he assumed,
or—Henry sat up and blinked! Was it
possible? Yes, it really did seem to be
possible: Fate had relented and decided to
allot to Henry Baird at least one real in-
spiration !

  A minute or more he sat quite still, re-
volving the idea and its possibilities, ob-
livious even to the vivid little brunette who
asked him thrice if he would not take just
one chance on the Spanish leather armchair
in Mrs. Fosdick’s booth. Then Henry de-
scended and pushed his way through the
throng until his hand rested upon the plump
arm of Mr, Singer himself.

  “ May 1 have just a moment with you?”
Henry asked.

  “ You certainly may, my dear sir!” said
Mr. Singer and, his head inclined attentive-
ly, led Henry to the shady side of the
smaller ice-cream tent. “ What is it, Mr.
Baird?”
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

193

  “ I want to help here! ” said Henry.

  “ Ah?” beamed Mr. Singer. “ Whatever
you wish to subscribe to the organ fund—”
“I can’t subscribe — I'm too poor. I
really am, you know,” Henry said earnestly.
“ But I have an aiitomobile here that I
don’t use very much and I’ve been thinking
of selling it, anyway.”

  “ And you wish to donate it?” Mr. Singer
asked, clasping his hands happily.

  “ I’d like to, but I can’t even afford to
do that,” sighed Henry Baird. “ What
just occurred to me was this: we might
take the thing and raffle it off—say, two
hundred chances at two dollars apiece.
That would make four hundred and I’d be
very willing to take three hundred of it and
hand the other hundred to the organ fund.”
It is possible that the faintest shade of
disappointment passed over Mr. Singer’s
benign countenance; if so, it persisted for
no more than the smallest fraction of a
second. Then Mr. Singer was wringing
Henry’s hand.

  “ My dear sir! You are very much more
than good!” he cried. “In the name of
our congregation, 1 thank you most heartily
and—” He wrung the hand again as his
eye drifted critically over the throng.
“ You’re willing to do this immediately?”
“ Of course.”

  “ There couldn't be a better time,” mur-
mured Mr. Singer, briskly. “ The young
ladies have sold off most of the chances on
the smaller articles and the larger ones we’re
saving until evening. 1 believe that your
car, sir, will fill most beautifully a little gap
that I had hardly suspected until you made
your suggestion.” He beckoned and a nice-
looking boy hurried to him. “ This is our
amateur sign-painter, Harry Masters,” he
beamed.

  “ Harry, Mr. Baird here is going to do-
nate his car to the fair; you go with him
and take it down to the middle of the back
lawn and fix up a sign and—oh, Miss Wells!
Just a moment! Miss Wells, we’re going
to sell two hundred chances on an automo-
bile at two dollars apiece. Will you call in
all the young ladies and see if we can’t sell
them out with a rush. I’ll write the tickets,
I think.”

  He felt about in his pocket and found

    2	A-S

a pencil; he beamed around again, in search
of paper, and since there were several sheets
of the brown wrapping variety on the
counter of the ice-cream tent, he selected
one and folded it and tore it. “ You might
tell Harry the best points of the car, Mr.
Baird, and he will put them on his sign?”

  He plodded tirelessly into the ice-cream
tent and settled himself at a table. Henry
hurried off with young Mr. Master.

  And really, when one came to watch
closely, the speed and efficiency with which
they handled things at this particular fair
were downright amazing! A little space,
Henry watched the boy sketching in his
sign; then a tornado of femininity seemed
to swirl down on them, by way of inspecting
the car it was about to sell. A minute or so
it surged about; then it broke up and ran
in a dozen directions; and Henry, having
unstrapped his little shiny trunk and laid
it aside, strolled away for a further study
of the indefatigable Mr. Singer.

  The gentleman was bobbing about in the
thicker spots now; girls ran to him, squeal-
ing delightedly—and ran away again, wav-
ing brown paper slips—and other girls ran
to him and handed him green bills, with a
yellow one here and there indicating that
some daring soul had risked as much as ten
dollars in chances! Stately ladies hurried
to Mr. Singer, too, and bright young men,
while Henry lounged and watched and fre-
quently refused to buy chances on his own
car.

  And then, with a significant inclination
of his head toward Henry, Mr. Singer was
heading for the inner recesses of the ice-
cream tent again. Henry followed to the
last table at the rear, where Mr. Singer was
counting money. He beamed up at Henry.

  “ There is your three hundred dollars,
Mr. Baird—thanks to our energetic young
ladies. And there is another good one hun-
dred toward our organ, thanks to you!”

  He went so far as to wring Henry’s hand
again, very feelingly; and this time, when
he had tucked the mass of small bills into
his trousers pocket, Henry was able to re-
turn the clasp with real heartiness.

  Not half an hour ago, ruin and despair
had been his portion. Now, following the
peculiar, jerky course that seemed, to be
194

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

part of his destiny, events had straightened
out beautifully; he would spend, perhaps,
not one or two, but three or four weeks, at
Rockridge!

CHAPTER VII.
fate’s further freaks.

THE projected organ’s one hundred dol-
lars was sealed in an envelope and
marked in Mr. Singer’s oddly scrawl-
ing hand. He considered it lovingly.

  “I’m a wretched writer,” he mused.
“ Still, I think that’s clear enough. You’ve
done a very splendid thing here, Mr.
Baird.”

  “ Nonsense!” Henry said airily.

  “ Oh, but I insist that you have. You
have friends among the congregation, per-
haps?”

  “ Not one! ”

  “ Then your act is just so much more
commendable, sir. Now, let me see. I sup-
pose we’d better draw for the car at once.
I think I’ll find little Josie Wilbur and see
if her mother won’t let her draw the winning
ticket. You’ll be down there in the
meadow,, Mr. Baird, and tell the winner
whatever he or she may want to know
about the car? Most of our people drive,
but all cars have their own little peculiari-
ties.”

  ‘•I'll be there!” Henry smiled absently.

  So Mr. Singer hurried away again; and
since the ladies up at the forward end of
the tent seemed wholly occupied with their
two freezers and their dishes and business
was decidedly slow back here, Henry dug
out his latest capital and smoothed out the
bills more carefully.

  A few tens there were and more fives,
with two-dollar bills beyond number. He
assorted them, chuckling, and rolled them
into smaller compass; and for a little while
he stared at the white enameled top of the
table and pondered.

  There would be an early evening train
for Rockridge. He would catch that, be-
cause all trains stopped here at New Bing-
ham, and have himself at the inn in time
for a rather late dinner, probably enough.
Then, since he had not been through the

little mountain summer colony for several
years and remembered little of its geogra-
phy, he would make inquiry as to the loca-
tion of the Darrow place; and after that,
if it was within strolling distance, he would
stroll over.

  He would collide with Alan Moss, of
course. He grinned unpleasantly at the
table. With three hundred dollars in his
pocket, he fancied, he would give Alan to
understand that, he had arrived for the
better part of the summer—and Mabel was
not markedly enthusiastic about motoring,
even in pale-blue sport cars, but she did
want to learn a real game of golf—and
Alan, trying to cover nine holes under three
or four hundred, was a sight to bring tears
from the angels, whereas Henry was rather
good in a small way.

  For a while this afternoon, Henry had
been on the verge of real depression, but he
was able to face the future fearlessly enough !
now. In fact, Henry looked the future
right in the eye and grinned securely. He
was not banking on it at all, of course, but
some little inner voice informed Henry that
his luck had turned and that from this point
onward things would go rather smoothly.
Yesterday, what with Anderson and Larkin
and getting down to his last hundred and
all the rest, he had been rather groggy and
confused; now all things ahead wore a
brighter aspect. He was sure of a breathing
spell and in it, now that he had banished
that absurd “ hard luck ” thought, matters
would straighten out naturally and happily.

  So Henry sighed pleasantly and gazed at
the roof of the warm little tent for another
spell and then strolled out into the crowd
again and looked around.

  More than a little did he wish that Singer
had said nothing about waiting to instruct
the winner of his old faithful car. It would
have pleased Henry better just then to find
a hacking-car and load his little trunk
aboard and then get down to the railroad—
or, if he was willing to do it at any reason-
able figure, to let the hacking-car take him
straight over to Rockridge.

  Yes, that was the idea, anyway, no mat-
ter what they charged! That would take
him into Rockridge before any evening train
and, in a car, he could make inquiries and
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

195

get the iocation of the Darrow home even
before going to the hotel. Henry frowned
thoughtfully at the gathering and wondered
where one obtained a hacking-car without
going to the garage which had already ac-
cused one of being an automobile thief;
and as he wondered, the very girl who had
steered him into the grounds ran to his side
with a breathless:

  “Oh, Mr. Baird!”

“ Who won it?” smiled Henry. “ You?”
“ Your car? Oh, I don’t know. I think
they’re just drawing now. It wasn’t that I
wanted to say. There’s some one looking
for you, Mr. Baird.”

  Still Henry merely smiled on.

  “ I mean a stranger, you know. I think
he just came up from the train—there’s
the taxi he came in, over there.”

  “ From the train? Looking for me?”
Henry frowned.

  " Yes, a—a little man with glasses. I
think it’s business—or something very im-
portant. He—oh, there he is! See him?
The little man with the funny felt hat.”
Then she had flitted away again, out-
wardly a very good and pretty little fairy;
and actually — and the notion came to
Henry like a hammer blow—a messenger
of the blackest evil. Because the man with
the funny light hat was Whitmore Terral!

  He was darting here and there, making
inquiries. Ah, and now he had collided
with Mr. Singer himself — yes, and Mr.
Singer, having shaded his eyes and located
Henry, was beaming and pointing. And
now Whitmore, having nodded his thanks,
was speeding toward Henry.

  “ Henry!” gasped Whitmore.

  " Who’s dead?” gasped Henry.

 “ What? Xobodv! I—”

   What are you doing here?” Henry de-
manded, not quite flatteringly.

  “ I’ve come to find you. and it’s only the
merest luck that made it possible. I took
the chance and left the train at New Bing-
ham. Henry, and mercifully some boys
down on the main street there had noticed
your car and the shiny trunk and had seen
it come in here and—phew!”

  He smiled wearily at Henry.

  “ You’ll have to find some way of selling
your car, Henry!”

  “ What?”

  “ Larkin! ”

  “ Has he exploded again?”

  “ He—he came around again this morn-
ing, Henry, even before I should have
started for work. I had to phone Mr. Pat-
terson and ask him if 1 might take the day
off. He seemed so annoyed!”

  “ Go on!” Henry said grimly.

  “ Well, I’m not sure just what it was he
came t« say. 1 think it may have been to
apologize, Henry, for that is how he began.
But when he found that you had left town
indefinitely, he flew into a perfect rage.
Why, the man has the temper of a fiend,
Henry! He swore and stamped about the
rooms and vowed that he’d expose you
and—well, he’s going to start suit to-mor-
row morning if you haven’t paid him then.”
A strange, internal whine sounded some-
where deep in Henry. His fingers tightened
convulsively upon three hundred dollars.

  “ I’ve done my best! I canit borrow it
for you!” Whitmore hurried on. “I did
get to Dick Norris and he lent me fifty
dollars; and I just happened on old Mr.
Cowenhoven and—and I managed to bor-
row twenty from him. That’s the best I
could do, Henry. We’ll have to sell your
car and—and take two hundred and eighty
dollars of that.”

  He stroked his brow again with his fine
white handkerchief. Henry, after a strug-
gle, was able to speak.

  “ Isn’t—isn’t there any other way of
stopping Larkin?” he asked hoarsely.

  “ No, there’s not! He said that yester-
day he’d have taken half and waited six
months for the rest; but he said that since
you’d chosen to run away he’d have his
money or show you up, if it drove him out
of business! He meant it, too. 1—I have
never seen a man so genuinely furious,
Henry! ”

CHAPTER VIII.

“ TOO bad!”

THEN Whitmore waited, while Henry
shut his teeth and stared over the
heads of the crowd.

  Whitmore seemed to have settled it all.
196

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

There would be no happy month at Rock-
ridge for Henry Baird. Whitmore would
have to have the money and go back with
it, and Henry would have twenty dollars
for his own.

  Yet even though the sweet agony of the
thing killed him, he would snatch one eve-
ning with Mabel on that twenty dollars!
He had started for Rockridge; he would go
to Rockridge, in spite of all the Whitmores
and the Larkins and the hoodoos on» earth!
Henry, then, glared savagely at his second
cousin, although why he should have glared
at that devoted soul was not plain even to
himself.

  “ All right!he snapped. “ I’ve sold the
car already!”

  “ What?” Whitmore cried joyfully.

   “ I raffled it off, right here at this fair. I
got three hundred dollars for it. Here’s
two hundred and eighty of it. Give it to
Larkin and tell him from me to go to—”

  “By Jove! That’s — that’s wonderful
luck!” gasped Whitmore. ‘'Come along,
Henry!”

  “ Come where?”

  “ We can just make the down train,
boy!”

  *• Well, you go make it. I don’t want
it!” Henry snapped.

  Whitmore laughed outright.

  “ You poor old chap! ” said he. “ You’ve
lost your bearings completely! You’re
coming back with me, of course. Larkin
was the only thing that sent you out of
the city, Henry, and now that you’re going
to pay Larkin in full there’s no reason for
your being away—at this most important
time, too.”

  Henry said nothing. Whitmore laid a
hand on his arm.

  “ Thank the Lord you can get back now,
too. Something new is developing out there
in Michigan, Henry. Anderson called up
early this morning to talk to you; he didn’t
know just what it was, but it’s some new
development and he said he wanted to be
in close touch with you. Come along!”

  This time he tugged at Henry’s sleeve.
Henry shook him off impatiently.

  “ I’m not coming!” he snapped.

  “ When the—the only reason for your
absence has been removed?”

  Henry stared down at him; mentally, as
it were, Henry shook his head. There are
some faces, some natures, to whom it would
be downright sacrilege to communicate any-
thing in the nature of a romantic confi-
dence !

  “ I need a change,” Henry said gruffly.

“ I’m going to take it for a day or two—•
that’s all. I’m going to stay out of the
city.”

  “ But just when—”

  “ I don’t care a hoot what happens! I’m
going to stay out of the city.”

  Followed a pause of the tensest variety,
extending over seconds.

  “ Where are you going to stay, Henry?”
Whitmore asked, very, very quietly.

  “ What? Over at Rockridge—or some-
where else. Probably somewhere else,”
Henry said hastily.

  “ Henry, who lives at Rockridge?” Whit-
more asked, even more quietly.

  “ Well, who in the wTorld should live -
there? Hundreds of people!” Henry
snapped.

  “ Yes, Henry, but you’re not being drawn
there by hundreds of people,” Whitmore
went on, with the same deadly calm. “ I
suspected last night that there was more
behind this trip than any desire to avoid
Larkin. I know it now and—Henry, I
want you to come home with me!”

  “ I’ll be home inside of two or three
days,” said Henry.

  And here an overgrown boy, a native,
tapped Whitmore Terral’s shoulder.

  “ If you wanter make that down train,
boss, we gotter start,” he said. “ We ain’t
got more ’n three or four minutes to spare
as it is.”

  “ When is the next through train to New
York?” Whitmore asked swiftly.

  “ Six ten to-morrow morning.”

  “ All right. Go back to your cab. I’ll
be there in a moment. Henry!” He
clutched his cousin’s arm. “ I am going
to speak very frankly to you! There is
something—something—yes, I will say it—
something dishonorable afoot here! Some-
thing you wish to hide!”

  “ Bosh!” said Henry.

  “ Very well. Maintain that attitude if
you choose, Henry. 1 have done what I
HIS WORD OF HONOR.

197

could for you. always. I shall continue to
do what I can for you, because you are a
Terral. But I ask you to remember, Henry,
that the honor of the Terrals; through all
the generations—”

  “ Say!” Henry began loudly. “ I—”

  “ Boss! If you want that down train,
we gotter start!” said the boy, drifting
back. “ I ain’t going to be picked up for
speeding and they ain’t going to hold that
train while you stay here!”

  “ I shall have to catch it, to save you
from Larkin, Henry,” Whitmore panted.
“For the last time, will you come? For
your own sake, will you come?”

  “ Whitty, I’m awfully obliged to you,
but I’m not in any danger,” Henry grinned.

  I don’t know what it is you think I’m
doing, but I’m not doing it. I want to—
to stay here where I can breathe, for a day
or two, and I’m going to do it, regardless
of consequences.”

  Whitmore clasped his hands!

  “ Henry, give me your word that there
is—is no woman whom you should not see
connected with all this!”

  “ Whitty,” laughed Henry, “ I give you
my word that, so far as I know, there isn’t
a woman in the world I shouldn’t see, as you
put it, and if there is, she has no connection
with this. Is that enough?”

  “ It will have to be, I suppose!” Whit-
more said hoarsely, yet relievedly neverthe-
less.

  He fled to the door which the driver of
his taxicab was holding open. Looking
backward, he entered—and he was whisked
away, while Henry stared after him un-
smilingly and shook his head.

  And now he was free to go to Rockridge
with his twenty dollars, he assumed. A
bitter sigh came from Henry—yet a thank-
ful one followed almost immediately. Even
one day with Mabel was far, far better than
no days at all. He would look up Mr.
Singer now and make his adieus. Not quite
so blithely as before Whitmore’s unfortu-
nate appearance he walked off toward the
rear of the grounds.

  They had drawn for his poor old car by
this time, of course. Henry fancied that
he would pause for a last look at it and at
the winner and—well, what on earth was

all the excitement down in that direction,
anyway?

  People were screaming and rushing about
quite remarkably. Henry quickened his
pace and peered ahead. It seemed that
people were being shooed away from the
automobile that had been his; yes, that was
it, fast enough! Numerous young men,
their arms outstretched, were pushing back
countless ladies and children in every di-
rection, so that the faithful automobile
stood alone in the center of an immense
circle! -

  And then Mr. Singer was waddling swift-
ly toward Henry, and crying:

“ How ever could it have started, Mr.
Baird? However could it have started?”
“ Is—is that car on fire?’’ Henry gasped,
as the stout lady just ahead finally moved
aside and permitted him to see.

  “ It must have happened four or five
minutes ago, sir! Some of the boys raised
the hood and found everything blazing
there and—”

  “ Lemme get down there and put it out! ”
Henry cried.

  “You’ll do nothing of the kind, sir!”
said Mr. Singer, and fastened his very con-
siderable bulk to Henry. “ The fire ex-
tinguisher is empty. We tried it!”

  “What’s true, too!” gasped Henry, re-
laxing.

  “ And the whole thing’s ablaze under-
neath now. One of our young men, who
has an automobile agency here, says that
the fire’s in the gas line and that it may
reach the tank any second. That’s why
they’re getting the people back and—”

  He said no more just -then. From the
isolated spot in the middle of the circle
there had come a mighty boom. Flame,
suddenly, soared up toward the heavens.
Screams came from a dozen mad directions
and women fled wildly, dragging children.
And then the flames seemed to condense
and center their whole force on the car
itself—for the unfortunate vehicle was a
mere crackling ball of fire now!

  “ The danger, I take it, is past,” sighed
Mr. Singer, releasing Henry. “ It is very
unfortunate, sir!”

  Henry could not speak. No expert in
junk, his estimate was nevertheless rather
198

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

accurate: just then, at a guess, his car was
worth between eight- and nine dollars as
scrap metal!

  “ It was insured, of course?” said Mr.
Singer.

  “ It wasn’t,” Henry choked. “ The in-
surance ran out last month and they wanted
such a price for so little insurance that I
never renewed it! ”

  The flames roared on. They were making
a wonderfully swift job of it. The hair in
the cushions was blazing; the floorboard
was blazing; the dashboard was a bonfire
all in itself. The little bottle of ether which
Henry kept for cold weather starting, ex-
ploded with a nice little pop of its own,

there in the side pocket. Even the spokes
of the wheels had caught now and grass
around the car was beginning to sizzle and
curl.

  “Too bad!” Mr. Singer said resignedly.
“Somebody will be sorely disappointed!”

  “Yes!” Henry muttered, in thick be-
wilderment.

  Mr. Singer nodded. Then, quite as if
Henry’s share of the proceeds was not al-
ready racing toward New York in Whit-
more’s pocket, Mr. Singer saw fit to make
another remark.

  “ Too bad indeed!” he repeated. “ Now
we shall have to refund the whole four
hundred dollars! ”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

TIME has little to do with reputation
in the*far West, and accordingly
the name of Slim Malone grew old
in the region of Appleton, and yet the
owner of the name was still young.

  Appleton was somewhat of a misnomer,
for the region had never known anything
save imported apples or any other sort of
fruit since the time of its birth into the
history of whisky and revolvers. But a
misguided pioneer in the old days had
raised a few scrubby trees and had named
the town forever. The dreams of the early
agriculturalists had died long ago, but the

name remained to pique the curiosity of
travelers and furnish jokes for inhabitants.

  The town lay at the conjunction of three
gorges in the heart of the Rockies, and the
little plain where it nestled was crowded
with orchards which bore everything but
apples. The six original trees which had
given the town its name now stood in the
back yard of Sandy Orton’s saloon—old
trees with knotted and mossy limbs which
suggested a venerable age due to the hard
climate rather than to the passage of years.
They were pointed out to casual travelers
with great pride, and they were the estab-
THE LAUGHTER OF SLIM MALONE.

199

lished toast of Sandy’s place. But Sandy’s
was frequented by a loud-voiced and
spendthrift crowd not usual to agricultural
towns.

  In the old days, when Appleton was a
name rather than a fact, the hilarity had
been as absent as the men; but after gold
was discovered in the three gorges which
led from the settlement into the heart of
the mountains, the little town became a
rendezvous of a thousand adventurers.
The stages to and from the railroad thirty
miles away, were crowded with men eager
to face the hardships of the climate and
the great adventure of the gold-fields.

  It was then that Slim Malone appeared.
It was said that he had first come upon
the scene as the owner of the Red River
strike, which was finally owned by Sandy
Gleason. It was further rumored that
Sandy had beaten Slim Malone out of the
claim by a very shady deal at cards; but
Sandy refused to discuss the matter, and
Slim Malone was rarely within vocal range,
so the matter had never been sifted.
Sandy was rarely more vocal than a grunt,
and when Slim Malone appeared, people
had generally other things to think about
than questions concerning his past.

  A certain percentage of lawlessness is
taken for granted in a mining town. Peo-
ple are too busy with their own concerns
to pay attention to their neighbors, but
when three stages in succession, passing
from Appleton to Concord, the nearest
railroad station, were robbed by a rider on
a white horse, the community awoke and
waxed wrath. The loss was too much in
common to be passed over.

  The first effort was an impromptu or-
ganization of half a dozen angered miners
who rode into the Weston Hills. They
found fresh hoof-prints after an hour of
riding, and went on greatly encouraged,
with the pistols loosened in their holsters.
After some hours of hard travel they came
upon a white horse in the midst of a hol-
low, and then spread into a circle and ap-
proached cautiously. But not cautiously
enough. While they were still far from
the white horse the bandit opened fire
upon them from the shelter of a circle of
rocks. They rode into town the next day

with three of their number badly hurt and
the other three marked for life. That
started the war.

  As the months passed posse after posse
left Appleton and started to scour the Wes-
ton Hills for the marauder. The luckiest
of the expeditions came back telling tales
of a sudden fusillade from an unexpected
covert, and then a swift white horse scour-
ing into the distance. The majority came
back with no tales at' all save of silent
mountains and the grim cactus of the
desert.	t ^

  In the mean time the stages from Apple-
ton to Concord were held up with a mo-
notonous regularity by a rider of a fleet
white horse, and the mining town grew
more and more irate. Men cursed the
name of Slim Malone. An adventurous
singer in one of Appleton’s dance halls in-
vented a song featuring the marauder, and
it was taken up by the matrons of the
town as a sort of scare-crow ballade to
hush their children.

  Then the new mayor came to Appleton.
He ow’ned three claims on Askwarthy
Gulch, and he ran on the double platform
of no license for the Appleton saloons and
the end of Slim Malone. The women used
their influence because of the first clause
in his platform, and the men voted for him
because of the second. His name was Or-
val Kendricks, but that didn’t count.
What mattered was his red hair and the
statements of his platform. Slim Malone
celebrated the new reign of holding up two
stages within the first five days.

  But the new mayor lived up to the color
of his hair, and proved worthy of his plat-
form. He held a meeting of every able-
bodied citizen in town three days after his
inauguration, and in his speech the men
noted with relief that he forgot to men-
tion the saloons, and that he concentrated
his attention on Slim Malone. He stated
that the good name and the prosperity of
Appleton depended upon the capture of
this marauder at once. Divorced from the
mayor’s rather sounding rhetoric, the pop-
ulace of Appleton realized the truth of his
remarks and applauded him to the echo.
His silences were as much appreciated as
his words.
200

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  After a carefully prepared peroration he
built up to his climax by the proposal that
the community import “ Lefty ” Cornwall,
at a salary of five hundred dollars a month
and five thousand bonus, to act as deputy
sheriff until the apprehension of Slim Ma-
lone. Then the crowd applauded to the
echo. In their midst were men who had
lost more than five thousand at a blow
owing to the strenuous activity of this Slim
Malone. They were equal to any mea-
sures for his suppression even if it meant
the importation of Lefty Cornwall.

  The fame of Lefty had begun in Texas
when he mortally wounded one greaser and
crippled two others in a saloon fight.
Since then it had increased and spread
until he was a household word even farther
north than Appleton. He came from that
sun-burned southland where a man’s prow-
ess was gaged by his speed and dexterity
with his “ irons,” and even on that north-
ern plateau of Appleton men knew that to
cross Lefty Cornwall was death or mur-
derous mutilation.

  At first there were some dissenters.
Men stated freely that Lefty would never
dream of coming as far north as Appleton
for a paltry five thousand dollars. There
were even a few dissenters who claimed
that even should he come he would never
be able to cope with Slim Malone, but
these were laughed and hooted down by a
radical minority who came from the south-
land and knew the fame of Lefty Cornwall
in detail. The sheriff accounted for the
others by stating that he had already com-
municated with Lefty, and had received
his assent by letter. This announcement
dissolved the meeting in cheers.

  Appleton decreed the day of the arrival
of the new sheriff a festival occasion. The
farmers from the adjoining table-land drove
into town, the miners from the three val-
leys rode down. And when the stage ar-
rived from Concord the incipient sheriff
dismounted in the midst of a huge crowd,
and cheers which shook the sign-board of
Sandy Orton’s saloon.

  Now the mayor of Appleton had de-
clared deathless war against the saloons in
his platform, but since his election he had
been strangely silent upon the liquor ques-

tion. He was as canny as his red hair
suggested, and he had a truly Scotch in-
sight into the crucial moments of life. He
perceived the arrival of Lefty Cornwall to
be such a moment, and he perceived at the
same moment the correct way of meeting
that crisis.

  It was with surprise no less than pleas-
ure that the throng heard the lusty voice
of their chief official inviting them to
Sandy Orton’s saloon, and where they
were in doubt, his beckoning arm put them
right. They filled the saloon from bar to
door, and those who could not enter
thronged at the entrances with gaping
mouths.

  The sheriff was equal to the occasion.
He mounted the bar much as a plainsman
mounts a horse, and standing in full view
of his fellow citizens, he invited Lefty
Cornwall to join him in his prominent po-
sition. Nowise loath, Lefty swung onto
the bar in the most approved fashion, and
stood, locked arm in arm with the dignified
official of Appleton. In the mean time the
bartenders, thrilled equally with surprise
and pleasure, passed out the drinks to the
crowded room. It was apparently a mo-
ment big in portent to Appleton, and not
a heart there but pulsed big with pride in
their mayor.

  “ Fellow citizens,” began the mayor,
raising a large freckled hand for silence.

  A hush fell upon the assemblage.

  “ Boys,” continued the mayor, after a
proper silence reigned, “ I haven’t got
much to say.”

  “ Here’s to you! ” yelled a voice. “ I hate
a guy that’s noisy.”

  The mayor frowned and waved a com-
manding hand for silence.

  “ 1 spotted you, Pete Bartlett,” he called.
“ If you don’t like silence you must hate
yourself.”

  The crowd roared with approving laugh-
ter.

  “ Boys,” began Orval Kendricks again,
when the laughter had subsided, “ this here
is a solemn occasion. I feel called upon
to summon the manhood of this here town
to listen to my words, and I reckon that
most of the manhood of the town is within
hearin’.”
THE LAUGHTER OF SLIM MALONE.

201

  A chorus of assent followed.

  “ I don’t need any Daniel Webster to
tell you men that this here town is hard
hit,” continued ' Mayor Kendricks. “It
don’t need no Hepry Clay to tell you that
these diggin’s are about to bust up unless
we have the right sort of a strong arm man
in town. We’ve been sufferin’ patiently
from the aggressions of a red-handed des-
perado who I don’t need to mention, be-
cause his name just naturally burns my
tongue.”

  “Slim Malone!” cried a dozen voices.
“We’re followin’ you, chief!”

  The mayor thrust his hand into his
breast and extended the other arm in imi-
tation of a popular wood-cut of Patrick
Henry. The crowd acknowledged the elo-
quence of the attitude with a common gap-
ing.

  “ There may be some of you guys,”
cried the mayor, rising to the emotion of
the moment, “ there may be some of you
guys who don’t know the man I mean, but
I reckon that a tolerable pile of Appleton’s
best citizens spend a large part of their
time cursing Slim Malone.”

  “ We ain’t through damning him yet,”
yelled a voice, and the crowd voiced their
assent, half in growls and half in laughter.

  “ He has tricked our posse as an honest
man would be ashamed to do,” went on
the mayor, warming to his oration; “ he
has shot our citizens, and he has swiped
our gold! I’m askin’ you as man to man,
can a self-respectin’ community stand for
this? It can’t. What’s the answer that
Appleton makes to this desperado?”

  He paused and frowned the audience
•into a state of suspense.

  “ There is only one answer to this gun-
fighter, and that answer stands at my right
hand,” bellowed the mayor, when he
judged that the silence had sunk into his
hearers sufficiently. “ The name of the
answer is Lefty Cornwall!”

  The following burst of applause brought
a momentary blush into even Lefty’s
cheek. At the reiterated demands for a
speech he hitched at his revolver in its
skeleton holster, removed his sombrero,
and mopped his forehead with a ponderous
hand. When it became evident that the

hero was about to break into utterance the
crowd became silent.

  “ Fellows,” began the gun-fighter,
“ makin’ speeches ain’t much in my line.”

  “ Makin’ dead men is more your game,”
broke in the wit of the assemblage.

  A universal hiss attested that the crowd
was anxious to hear the Texan gun-man
out.

  “ But if you are goin’ to do me the
honor of makin’ me sheriff of this here
county and this here city of Appleton,” he
continued, letting his eye rove down Ap-
pleton’s one street, “ I’m here to state that
law and order is goin’ to be maintained
here at all costs. Right here I got to state
that the only costs I’m referrin’ to is the
price of the powder and lead for this here
cannon of mine.”

  The crowd broke in upon the speech
with noisy appreciation, and many cries
of “That’s the stuff, old boy!”

  “ I been hearin’ a tolerable pile about
one Slim Malone,” went on the new sheriff.

  “ So have we,” broke in the irrepressible
wit of the assemblage, only to be choked
into silence by more serious-minded neigh-
bors.

  “ Sure,” agreed the sheriff. “ I reckon
you’ve heard a lot too much about him.
But I’m here to state that all this talk
about Slim Malone has got to stop, and
has got to stop sudden. I’m here to stop
it.”

  He hitched his holster a little forward
again as he spoke and a deep silence fell
upon the crowd.

  “ Fellow citizens,” he continued, spit-
ting liberally over the side of the bar,
“ whatever gun-play is carried on around
here in the future is to be done strictly by
me, and all you men can consider your-
selves under warning to leave your shoot-
in’-irons at home, unless you want to use
them to dig premature graves.”

  This advice was received with an ironi-
cal chuckle of appreciation from the crowd.

  “ As for Slim Malone,” he went on,
“ I’m goin’ out into the Weston Hills to
get him single handed. I don’t want no
posse. I’ll get him single handed or bust,
you can lay to that; and if I come back
to this town without Slim Malone, alive or
202

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

dead, you can say that Malone has the
Indian sign on me.”

  Having finished all that he had to say,
Lefty felt about in his mind to find a
graceful manner of closing his exordium,
when the mayor came to his assistance.
He recognized that nervous clearing of the
throat and wandering of the eyes out of
his own first political experiences. Now
he raised his glass of colored alcohol and
water, which in Appleton rejoiced in the
name of Bourbon.

  “ Boys,” he shouted, “ there ain’t no
better way of showin’ our appreciation of
our new sheriff than by turnin’ bottoms
up. Let’s go!”

  Every hand in the barroom flashed into
the air, and after a loud whoop there was
a brief gurgling sound which warmed the
heart of Sandy Orton.

  It should have been the signal for a
day’s carousal, and the good citizens of
Appleton were no wise averse. They de-
sired to hear the voice of their new sheriff
in friendly converse. They desired to see
him in that most amiable of> all poses, his
foot on the rail and his hand on the bar.
They wanted to look him over and size him
up just as a boy wishes to fondle his first
gun. But the sheriff objected. He was
sorry to spoil the fun. He said that they
could go ahead and have their little time,
but that they must leave him out. He
had business to perform that didn’t admit
of drinking.

  There might have been adverse criticism
of this Spartan strenuousness, but at this
point a diversion occurred in the shape of
four wild riders who broke into Appleton
and brought the word that Slim Malone
had been out again. This time he had held
up a mule train on its way to carry pro-
visions up Bender Canon to Earl Parrish’s
claim. With his usual fine restraint Slim
had taken no lives,- but he had winged two
of the drivers badly and had helped him-
self from the provisions without unneces-
sary waste. He had even lingered to give
first aid to the two drivers whose courage
had overcome their sense of proportion.

  If anything had been needed to spur on
the new official of Appleton it came in the
form of the message which Slim Malone

had left with the wounded man before he
rode away.

  “ Tell the new sheriff,” he called, as he
sat easily in the saddle, “ that I’ve heard
of him. and that I’ll organize a little party
for him as soon as possible so that we can
get better acquainted. Tell him that the
one thing he lacks to make him a good
fighting man is a sense of humor.”

  Lefty 'Cornwall heard this message in
silence the while he spat with vicious pre-
cision into a distant spittoon. Afterward,
and still in silence, he retired and worked
for an hour cleaning his already shining re-
volver and patting and oiling the holster.
He performed these grave functions in the
house of the mayor, and that dignitary
announced later that he had wound up by
practising the draw and point, walking and
sitting down, and at every angle. The
mayor was impressed past speech.

  When Lefty issued at last he found a
score of hard riders standing by their
horses in the street.

  “ An’ what might all this here gang be
for?” inquired Lefty mildly.

  “ We’re the posse, waitin’ to be sworn
in,” announced one of the men.

  “ Swearin’ in takes a terrible lot of
time,” said Lefty, “ an’ besides, I don’t
know how it’s done. I don’t want no posse,
as I said before. I wouldn’t know how to
handle it. Anyway, twenty men on horse-
back make enough noise to scare away a
whole gang of bandits. You might as well
start lookin’ for trouble with a brass band,
because you’d sure find the trouble.”

  He hitched at his belt in his customary
manner when at a loss for words, and his
right hand dropped gracefully upon the
handle of his gun and drooped thereon
somewhat sinisterly.

  “ This.here Malone,” went on the sher-
iff, “ may be a tolerable bad man in his
way, but I ain’t no shorn lamb myself.
I’m goin’ out to get him, an’ I’m goin’ to
get him by myself. 1 reckon that’s final.”
They accepted his announcement with
cheers, and set about offering all the in-
formation in their power. It was generally
believed that the bandit lived somewhere
at the far end of Eagle Head Canon, about
fifteen miles from the town. His dwelling
THE LAUGHTER OF SLIM MALONE.

203

had never been spotted, but he was most
frequently seen riding to and from this
place. Thrice posses had raked the canon
as with a fine-toothed comb, but they had
never come upon a trace of his habitation:
but the canon was thick with caves, and
heaped with giant boulders which offered
innumerable places of concealment, and
the legend was strong that Slim Malone
lived in that place.

  The next thing was to find a proper
mount. This proved a more difficult task.
The sheriff knew horse.- rom nose to hoof,
and he was hard to please. At last he se-
lected a tall roan with a wicked eye and
fiat shoulders which promised speed.
These preparations made, he swung to the
saddle, waved his hand to the crowd, and
galloped out of town.

  There was not much bluff about Lefty
Cornwall, as the curious-minded had fre-
quently discovered in the past, but as he
swung into the narrow throat of Eagle
Head Canon, he began to realize that he
might have gone too far. While he was in
the town it had been easy enough to make
ringing speeches. Now that the evening
began to come down by lazy, cool degrees
a certain diffidence grew in him.

  He had fought many men during his
brief life, but he had never come across a
reputation as strange or as fascinating as
this of Slim Malone. If the challenge
which the bandit had sent him was irrita-
ting, it also roused in his mind a certain
degree of respect, and as he rode up the
canon, winding slowly among the boulders,
a hundred doubts infested his mind.

  If he had been back upon the level
reaches of the Texan desert, which he
knew, these uncertainties would probably
have never entered his head, but here every
half mile of his journey was passed under
the eye of a thousand coverts from which
a man could have picked him off with the
safety of a hunter firing from a blind at
partridges. Moreover a curious loneliness
akin to homesickness came in him, located,
as far as he could discover, chiefly in the
pit of the stomach.

  The mountains were blue now, and pur-
ple along their upper reaches, and as the
sun left off the moon took up her reign

over the chill blue spaces. It was very
solemn, almost funereal to the thought of
Lefty Cornwall. And the silence was
punctuated with the melancholy howling
of a far-off coyote.

  It was complete night before he reached
the upper end of Eagle Head Canon, and
he was weary from the stumbling gait of
his horse over the rocks. Moreover, the
mountain night air was cold—very cold to
Lefty. He wanted desperately to turn
back, but he had not the heart to face the
inquiries which would meet him at the
town, and the covert smiles which wouid
welcome the hero returning empty handed,
the man who needed no posse.

  Lefty was a very brave man, but like
almost all of the physically courageous, he
dreaded derision more than actual pain.
Yet, in spite of this he finally decided that
it was better to go back to the town and
face the smiles than to remain through the
cold night in these dread silences. He
wished heartily that he had taken one
other man with him if it were only for the
companionship. As it was he felt that it
was no use to hunt further, and he started
back down the canon. He had not gone
far when his horse stumbled and com-
menced to limp.

  Lefty got off with a curse and felt of
the fore hoofs. The difficulty proved to
be a sharp, three-cornered rock which had
been picked up under the shoe of the left
fore foot. He was bending over to pry
this loose between his fingers when he
caught the glint of a light.

  In his excitement he sprang upright and
stared. At once the light disappeared.
Lefty began to feel ghostly. His senses
had never played him such tricks before.

  He leaned over and commenced work on
the stone again, but as he did so his eye
caught the same glint of light. There was
no possible mistake about it this time. He
remained bent over and stared at it until
he was certain that he saw a yellow spot
of light, a long, thin ray which pointed*out
to him like .a finger through the shadows.

  This time he took the bearings of the
light carefully, and when he stood up he
was able to locate it again. Lefty’s heart
beat high.
204

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He threw the reins over his horse’s head
and commenced to stalk the light carefully.
Sometimes as he slipped«and stumbled over
the rocks he lost sight of it altogether, only
to have it reappear when he had almost
given up hopes of finding it again. And
so he came upon the cave.

  The light shone through a little chink
between two tall boulders, and as Lefty
pressed his eye to the aperture, holding his
breath as he did so, he saw a long dug-out,
perhaps a dozen paces from end to end,
and some five paces wide. Behind a parti-
tion at one end he heard the stamping of
a horse, and as Lefty gazed, a magnificent
white head rose behind the partition and
looked fairly at him. His heart stopped
as that great-eyed gaze turned on him, the
ears pricking and the wisp of hay motion-
less in the mouth. But after a moment
the horse dropped his head again and went
on crunching his fodder, stamping now and
then and snorting as he ate.

  At first he saw no other occupant of the
place, but by moving his eye to one side
of the aperture he managed to get a
glimpse of the bandit himself. There was
no question about his identity. From the
descriptions which he had heard while in
Appleton he knew him at once, the ex-
pressionless gray eyes, and the thin, re-
fined face with an almost Greek modeling
about its lower part.

  He sat tilted back in a heavy chair
smoking a pipe and reading, and Lefty
saw that he sat facing a blanket at the far
end of the room. Evidently this was the
entrance. So far as Lefty could see the
bandit was unarmed, his two long guns
lying on the table half a dozen paces away.

  Very softly he crept along the side of
the boulder, and finally came to an aper-
ture, as he had expected. It was just wide
enough for a man to press through, and
from the chisel marks at his sides it had
evidently been artificially widened from
time to time. At the end of the narrow
passage hung the blanket.

  If Lefty had proceeded "cautiously up to
this point, his caution now became almost
animal-like. Behind that blanket he had
no idea what was happening. Perhaps the
bandit had heard a noise long before, and

was now crouched against the wall in an-
other part of the place, ready to open fire
at the first stir of the blanket. Perhaps
he had .stolen out of the cave by another
entrance and was now hunting the hunter.
The thought sent a chill down Lefty’s back
and he turned his head quickly. Then he
resumed his slow progress. At the very
edge of the blanket he paused for a long
and deathly minute, -but Lefty was not a
woman, to fail at the last moment.

  He «swung the blanket aside and
crouched in the entrance with his gun lev-
eled. The little round sight framed the
face of Slim Malone, who still sat reading
quietly and puffing at a black-bowled pipe.

  “ Hands up!” said Lefty softly.

  Even then, with his bead on his man.,
he did not feel entirely sure of himself. It
seemed that this could not be true. Op-
portunity had favored him too much.
There must still be some turn of the game.

  The meaningless gray eyes raised calmly
from the book. It seemed to Lefty that a
yellow glint came into them for a moment
like the light that comes into an animal’s
eyes when it is angered, but the next mo-
ment it was gone, and he could not be sure
that it had come there at all. The rest of
the face was perfectly calm. Malone low-
ered the book slowly and then raised his
hands above his head.

  “ Ah, sheriff,” he said quietly, “ I see
that you have honored my invitation.”

  “ Right-o,” said Lefty, “ I’m here all
right.”

  He felt strangely relieved after hearing
his quarry speak. He stepped through the
entrance and straightened up, still with the
revolver leveled. It was beyond his fond-
est hopes that he should be able to bring
the desperado alive to Appleton, and the
thought of his complete success warmed his
heart. Also-the immediate prospect of that
five-thousand-dollar bonus.

  “ In order to remove any strain you may
be under,” went on Slim Malone, “ I’ll as-
sure you that I am quite unarmed. My
guns are both lying on the table there. In
order that you may make sure, I shall
stand up, with my hands over my head,
and turn around slowly. You can examine
me to your own satisfaction.”
THE LAUGHTER OF SLIM MALONE.

205

    He did as he had said, and Lefty’s prac-
  tised eyes saw that there was not the sus-
  picion of a lump under the clothes.

    " Now,” said Slim Malone, as he faced
  his captor again, and his smile was strange-
  ly winning, “ I hope that I may lower my
  arms and we can commence our little
  party.”

     “ Your end of this here party is all over,
  my beauty,” said Lefty grimly, “ except
  that the boys at Appleton may give you a
  little impromptu reception when we hit
  town. They seem to be rather strong on
  celebrations.”

    “ So I understand,” smiled Slim Ma-
  lone. “ I have no doubt they will be glad
  to see me.”

    “ Ain’t no doubt in the world,” grinned
  Lefty, warming to the perfect calm of this
  man. “ Between you an’ me, pal, I’m
  sorry to have to turn this little trick;
  but—”

    Malone waved a careless and reassuring
  hand.

    “ Business is business, my dear fellow,”
  he said.

     “ That bein’ the case,” said Leftv, “ I’ll
  have to ask you to turn around and put
  your hands behind your back while I put
  ' these here bracelets on. I don’t want to
  discourage you any, but while I’m doin’ it
  this here gun will be in my hand and point-
  in’ at your back.”

    “Naturally,” nodded Malone: “quite
  right, of course; but before we start on our
  little jaunt back to the camp won’t you
  have a drink with me? I have some really
  rare old stuff here; quite different from the
  firewater they put labels on in Appleton.”

    Lefty grinned appreciatively.

    “ It’s a good move, pal,” he said, shak-
  ing his head with admiration, “ an’ I know
  that you’re hard put to it or you wouldn’t
  try such an old dodge on me. It’s a good
  move, but down in Texas the booze stunt
  is so old that they’ve almost forgotten it—
  not quite!”

     •• Ah,” said Malone, with a little sigh of
  regret, “ then I suppose we shall have to
  ride out in the night without a nip. Gets
  mighty chilly here before morning, you
  know.”

    This fact, had gradually dawned on

Lefty during his ride up the valley, and as
he looked forward to the journey back he
shivered with unpleasant anticipation. In
Texas a summer night was one thing: in
these mountains it was quite another.

  “ I suppose the booze is the real thing?”
he inquired casually.

  “ There are little bubbles under the
glass,” said Slim Malone with subtle emo-
tion.

  Lefty Cornwall sighed deeply. The
taste of the Appleton bar whisky still
burned his mouth. After all this fellow
was a man. He might be a criminal, but
Lefty’s own past was not free from shady
episodes. Furthermore he was about -to
make five thousand dollars on presenting
him to the good people of Appleton.

  “ If you sure want a drink before we
start, go ahead,” said Lefty.

  “ The bottle and a glass is over there in
that little dugout on the wall,” pointed
Malone.

  In the little open hutch on the wall the
sheriff perceived a tall bottle which shim-
mered pleasantly in the torch-light.

  “ Go ahead,” said the sheriff, “ I reckon
you know I’m watchin’ all the time.”

  “ Surely,” said Malone pleasantly. “ I
know you’re on your job all the time.”

  He walked over to the hutch and picked
up the bottle and the glass. He paused
with the bottle tucked away under his arm.

  “ Queer thing,” pondered Malone, “ the
same pack that held this bottle of whisky
held this also.”

  Lefty tightened his grip on the gun as
Malone reached deeper into the hutch, but
he starightened again, and appeared carry-
ing a large concert banjo.”

  “ That fellow had taste,” he continued,
crossing the room and laying down the
banjo carelessly on the chair: “ just run
your eyes over that banjo.”

  “ Some banjo, all right,” said the sheriff,
“ but hurry up with your drink, Malone.
We’ve got to be on our way.”

  Malone uncorked the bottle and held it
under his nose while he inhaled a whiff.

  :: The old aroma, all right,” he pro-
nounced with the air of a connoisseur;
" must be a vintage as far back as the
eighties. You won’t join me?”
206

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Now the heart of the sheriff was a hu-
man heart, but his will was adamant.

  “ Not me, Malone,” he answered, “ I’ve
been in the game too long. Can’t drink
on this sort of a job.”

  “ Guess you’re right,” murmured Ma-
lone, letting the amber stream trickle slow-
ly into the glass; “ but it’s too bad.”

  He raised the glass to his lips and swal-
lowed half of the contents slowly.

  “ The stuff is so oily,” he mused, “ that
you don’t need a chaser. Just sort of oils
its own way down, you know.”

  The sheriff moistened his lips.

  “ It certainly is a shame that you can’t
taste it,” continued Malone, as he drained
the glass.

  The sheriff hitched his belt with his cus-
tomary gesture.

  “ It looks like the real thing,” he said
judicially.

  “ It is,” pronounced Malone with deci-
sion, “ and after the sort of poison they
serve you around here—”

  The sheriff shuddered with sympathy.

  “ I reckon,” he said hesitatingly, “ that
you might pour me just a drop.”

  It seemed to him that as he spoke the
yellow glint came into the eyes of Malone
again, but a moment later it was gone, and
he decided that the change had been mere-
ly a shadow from the wavering torch-light.
He took the glass which Malone extended
to him under the cover of the pointed gun
and raised it slowly to his lips.

  “ Just stand a bit further back while I
drink, pal,” he said.

  Malone obeyed, and the sheriff tilted the
glass. It was, as Malone had said, “ the
real old aroma,” and the sheriff drew a deep
breath.

  Now there is a saying about liquor that
the drink which does the harm is “ just
one more,” and certain it is that one whis-
ky calls for another as surely as a question
calls for an answer.

  “ I reckon it ain’t quite as old as you
say,” said the sheriff, feeling his way from
word to word cautiously. “ I reckon it
ain’t more than fifteen years old at the
outside.”

  Malone paused, with the bottle suspend-
ed over the glass to consider.

   “ I thought that myself when I first
drank,” he nodded; “ but that was before
I got used to it. All Bourbon is a little
sharp, you know.”

   The sheriff was inclined to agree. He
also felt sure that one more drink would
quite banish from his memory the taste of
that one drink in Appleton. Moreover,
the danger, if there was any, was slight,
^.for Malone was taking drink for drink
with him, and larger drinks at that. It
was a sort of subtle challenge to the man-
hood of the sheriff, and he was as proud
of his capacity for whisky as of his speed
with a gun.

   It was perhaps half an hour later that
the sheriff indicated the banjo with a care-
less wave of the pistol.

   “ Play any?” he inquired, “ or do you
keep it around as sort of an ornament?”
“ Both,” smiled Malone. “ It makes
the place more homelike, you know, and
then I sing once in a while, but not often.
Folks around here aren’t particularly par-
tial to my voice.”

   “I’m a pretty good judge,” stated the
sheriff; “ blaze away, and I’ll see you ain’t
interrupted. Been a long time since I
had the pleasure of hearing any decent
singin’.”

   He was, as he said, a fairly good judge,
 and he was delighted with the rich bary-
 tone which rang through the cave. After
 a time, as the whisky and the music melt-
 ed into his mood, he began to call for old
 favorites, darky ballads, and last of all,
 for the sentimental ditties which have al-
 ways charmed the heart of the rough men
 of the West: “ Annie Laurie,” “ Old Black
 Joe,” “ Ben Bolt,” “ Silver Threads Among
 the Gold.”

   As he sang the bandit commenced, natu-
rally, to walk back and forth through the
cave, and the sheriff sat back in the chair
and with half-closed eyes waved the re-
volver back and forth in time. He failed
to note that as Malone walked up and
down each time he made a longer trip,
until at last he was pacing and turning
close to the table on which lay the revolv-
ers side by side. He did not note it, or if
he did his mind was too thrilled with the
tender airs and the tenderer liquor to reg-
THE LAUGHTER OF SLIM MALONE.

207

 ister the fact clearly. It faded into the
 pleasant -blur of his sensations.

fi Oh, don't you remember sweet Alice, Ben Bolt,
  Sweet Alice with—”

 The music stopped. Malone had
stooped over the table with the speed of a
bird picking up a grain of wheat, and with
the same movement he whirled and fired.
The gun spun from the hand of the sheriff
and he stood staring into eyes which now
beyond all doubt flared with a yellow ani-
mal fire.

  ‘‘ Now put your hands behind your back
after you’ve thrown those bracelets to
me,” said Malone. “ I naturally hate to
break up this party, but I think you’ve
had about enough whisky to keep you
warm on the ride back, Lefty, my boy.”

  There was an insane desire on the sher-
iff's part to leap upon Malone bare-handed,
but he had seen too many fighting men in
action before. He knew the meaning of
those eyes and the steadiness of the re-
volver.

  “ It’s your game, Slim,” he said, with as
little bitterness as possible; “ but will you
tell me why in the name of God you aren’t
on the stage? It isn’t what you do, pal,
it’s the way you do it!”

  Appleton woke early the next morning.
Some one shouted and then fired a pistol.
The populace gathered at windows and
doors rubbing sleepy eyes which a moment
later shone wide awake, and yawns turned
into yells of laughter, for down the middle
of Appleton’s one street came the sheriff.
He was sitting the roan horse, with his feet
tied below the girth, and his hands tied
behind his back. And even the weary roan
seemed to feel in his drooping head the de-
feat of his rider.

  Upon the back of the sheriff was a large
piece of cardboard, upon which was print-
ed in large letters the following:

  I'm sending this back with my signature in
token of a pleasant evening in my home in Eagle
Head Canon. I’m sorry to announce that I’m
moved.	Slim Malone.

u tr v

THE WIND SPEAKS

 BY JOHN RUSSELL MCCARTHY

            LJOW I came here, no one knows,

            ’ Where I’m going, no one cares,
            Who shall mark how well it blows
            (Little wind like me that fares
            East or west from rose to rose!)—
            Where I’m going, no one knows.

  Proud old hill with maple-mane.

                 Paltry brook with foolish prattle,
               Argentine or ancient Spain,

                 Fields of peace or hills of battle—
               Never heed my gay refrain,

              Know me not in sun or rain.

  Proud old hill shall never know,

  Foolish brook shall never care,

              Yet I come, and I shall blow
              Small eternal gusts that wear
              Till the very mountains go
              Down the little brook below.
y~) Ray St.Vr am

                 Author ol " On the Night of the Storm,” ctc.

 CHAPTER I.

 THE HAWTHORNE VASE.

NEW YORK had a new musical sensa-
tion — Senorita Dolores Arsenjo.
Those who had heard her play de-
clared she was the greatest violinist in the
world. This was a rather daring claim.
Certainly the partizans of Elman, of Heifetz
would not have admitted it for a moment.

A woman—a mere girl—outplay the recog-
nized artists of the day? Absurd!

  “ Why doesn’t this Senorita Dolores Ar-
senjo play in public so the public may
judge?” asked the skeptics.

  But that is exactly what the senorita had
never done—at least in New York. She
played only in the homes of the very rich—
and then for never less than three thousand
dollars a program, people said. Her fathfer,
Senor Jose Arsenjo, explained it thus in
his startling good English:

  “ My daughter is very sensitive. There
are too many cross currents of magnetism
in a public audience. Their jangling in-
harmonies make it impossible for her to do
herself—or the composers—justice. She
tried it once at Buenos Aires and'again at
Rio de Janeiro—we carried her from the
stage in a dead faint each time. Money?
Senorita Arsenjo does not play in the homes
of multimillionaires primarily for the
money. It is only in such homes we can
find, the proper scenic investiture; for I
contend that the musician as well as the
actor should have a perfect stage setting.”
Owen Vaughn, who was frankly curious

208

to hear Senorita Arsenjo play, was pleasant-
ly surprised to receive an invitation to a
recital to be given by her in an exclusive
mansion on Riverside Drive. While Vaughn
was a well-known private detective he was
not of sufficient social importance to have
drawn such an invitation on his own ac-
count. For it he had to thank his friend
and coworker, Margot Dale.

  This young woman, an uncommonly clev-
er one, followed her chosen profession of
sleuth in the higher circles of New ,York
society. She had had signal success in sev-
eral sensational jewel robberies and per-
sonally had become a favorite with certain
members of the smart set who had cause
to be grateful for delicate services rendered.
One of these was Mrs. John Bashford
Whymper, wife of John Bashford Whym-
per, capitatlist. Mrs. Whymper was giving
the musicale and had graciously invited
Margot and extended the privilege of bring-
ing a friend.

  “ It’s really a wonderful bid, Owen,” said
Margot, “when you remember Senor Ar-
senjo rigidly limits the number of people at
his daughter's recitals. Mrs. Whymper
says the senorita is miraculous—super-
human—hypnotizing you till you lose all
sense of your surroundings, fancying your-
self in paradise. That sounds extravagant;
but Mrs. Whymper insists it isn’t unusual
for Senorita Arsenjo’s hearers to be so over-
come they have to be worked over and
brought back to consciousness just like peo-
ple in a dead faint.”

  “ Uncanny,” commented Vaughn. “ I’m
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

209

more curious than ever to hear this prodigy
play. And I’ll keep my eyes open as well
as my ears.”

  “ Why your eyes? You don’t think
there’s any trick about it?”

  “ Trick?” he laughed. “ How could there
be?”

  On the night of the recital Vaughn and
Margot arrived at the magnificent Whym-
per palace rather early. Mrs. Whymper,
an enormous woman in red charmeuse, re-
ceived them in one of the smaller reception-
rooms and they were immediately con-
ducted up-stairs into the music-room, where
Senorita Arsen jo was to play. This was a
large, double-storied apartment done in
gilded columns and Gobelin tapestries. One
end had been reserved for the young violin-
ist. The grand piano was already open
and several sheets of music were on the
music-rack. Senorita Arsenjo’s music-stand
stood near.

  The program announced an “ Evening of
Russian Music,” and Vaughn, recalling
Sefior Arsenjo’s insistence on “ atmos-
phere,” glanced around to see if any at-
tempt had been made at a fitting scenic in-
vestiture. Directly behind the piano hung
an odd old Russian tapestry showing one
of the Czars blessing the Neva. Near by
stood a rather battered samovar, and Rus-
sian brass-ware was scattered about in more
or less picturesque confusion. And these
trumpery objects constituted the atmos-
phere without which Senor Arsenjo de-
clared his daughter could not play! The
thing was ridiculous.

  In casting his quick eye about the room
Vaughn was surprised to discover back of
the chairs a superb objet d’art that was
most emphatically not in harmony with the
various Russian articles near the piano. It
was a large, tall, black hawthorn vase of
the K’ang-hsi period, an incomparable speci-
men of its kind. Why had it been put
here? There was certainly nothing Slavic
about it.

  Vaughn, charmed by its beauty, suddenly
recognized it as one that had belonged to
a deceased client of his, Mr. Wilmerding
Jackson, from whom it had been stolen.
The detective had been employed on the
case and had found it in a down-town an-

    3 A-S

tique shop. On his client’s death—which
had occurred only a few weeks before—the
vase, among other valued possessions of the
deceased, had been sold at auction to John
Bashford Whymper, bringing the record
price of twenty-four thousand dollars.

  Vaughn turned to Margot to call her at-
tention to this masterpiece. He found her
in gay conversation with a handsome, virile-
looking young fellow in khaki whom she in-
troduced as Lieutenant Bateson, U. S. A.
The two gentlemen barely had time to shake
hands when a short, powerfully built man,
his broad shoulders crowned, with an ab-
normally large head covered with masses
of snowy hair, entered the room through
a small doorway near the piano.

  “Senor Arsenjo!” whispered Margot.
“Isn’t he wonderful?”

  Senor Arsenjo was bringing in some
music-books, which he placed on the piano.
Vaughn looked at him with eager interest.
The most noticeable thing about him was
his head. It was a remarkable head, not
only for size, but for perfect proportions.
It would have been an extraordinary head
even without the white hair; with that
snowy aureole it was a model for an artist.
He changed the position of some of the
atmosphere, flashed a glance over the room,
which was filling rapidly, then quietly dis-
appeared.

  Vaughn turned toward his companions
again. Lieutenant Bateson was telling Mar-
got how he had disappointed his mother in
not following the career for which he had
been educated—that of concert pianist.

  “ She had her heart set on it,” he said,
“ and it was too bad I had such a mind of
my own. When I was a little tot I played
the piano, like a prodigy, everybody said;
that put the idea into mother’s head. At
the age of seven I was practising five and
six hours a day, and later, of course, came
the inevitable four years abroad. I returned
home, gave my recital in Carnegie Hall
and didn’t do so badly. My mother was
delighted.

  “ But I had decided the life of a piano-
virtuoso was not for me. ‘ It’s all very w?ell
for Russians and foreigners generally,’ I told
her. ‘ They have the unpronounceable
names, the long hair, and the temperament,
210

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I	haven’t. I’d rather be on a Wyoming
cattle-ranch this very minute.’ So I en-
listed in the army instead of wasting my
time lolling over the. keyboard. I—”

  His speech was cut short by the sudden
entrance of a beautiful blonde, very young,
very petite, fair beyond comparison, with a
wealth of hair as yellow as Arsenjo’s was
white, and big blue eyes.

  “Senorita Arsenjo!” exclaimed Margot
softly. “ Isn’t she a dream? But how little
like a Spaniard she looks—”

  “By Jove, yes!” whispered Lieutenant
Bateson, 'flushing at sight of this supernal
vision. “ One would swear she's American
—or at lease English.”

  The senorita was followed by her father
and a small, dark-eyed woman, who took
her seat at the piano and ran her fingers
over the keys. Arsenjo went across to a
large, stiff-backed chair, sat down, leaned
back and gazed dreamily into space.

  “ He’s not going to hypnotize her at any
rate,” murmured Vaughn smilingly. “ I
was wondering if we were, to be treated to
a Trilby-Svengali performance.”

  The young girl, wholly disregarding the
sheet-music on the stand, took her posi-
tion in front of it and bowed graciously to
the audience. The dark-eved women at the
piano began the prelude to Rubenstein’s
“ At the Window,” and in a moment the
round, rich tones of the violin, deep and
sonorous as a cello’s, filled the room.

  At the sounds Lieutenant Bateson sprang
a new enthusiasm. “ A real Stradivarius and
the»finest I’ve ever heard,” he whispered to
Margot. “ No wonder she is such a success.
That violin—with her beauty—is enough to
carry her through.”

When the senorita had finished playing
the piece Margot turned to Vaughn.
“ Well, Owen, what do you think of her?’’
“ Dozens just as good play at Carnegie
Hall ever season!”

  She next asked Bateson’s opinion.

  “ Greater than Elman, Ysaye, any o?
them! ”

  Vaughn smiled at this outburst. The
young soldier was falling precipitately in
love, there was no mistaking it.

  Senorita Arsenjo played a few more num-
bers. all of them Slavic. Throughout the

program her father had sat motionless in
the stiff-backed chair, his eyes gazing ab-
stractedly into space. Vaughn watched him
closely; but not once had he seen him
glance at his daughter, much less try to
meet her gaze and hold it hypnotically. So
far he had seemed to be a superfluity—
though a rather decorative one with that
splendid head of his, the detective had to
admit.

  At length the last number on the program
was reached and Sefior Arsenjo rose sud-
denly. bowed, and said in his perfect En-
glish:

  “ Ladies and gentlemen, my daughter
thanks you for your very kind appreciation.
She will now play the ‘ Tropical Lullaby,’
composed by myself in honor of our beloved
native land, Ecuador. The lullaby is an
Indian song. An Indian mother, one of
the Quinchua aborigines of the country, is
singing her child to sleep. As you listen try
to envision a mud-walled hut in the shadow
ot' Mount Chimborazo. The Indian mother
is sitting outside her door, her baby in her
arms.”

  He bowed and left the room. The ac-
companist followed him. Senorita Arsenjo
was to play alone. She smiled charmingly,
then, gracefully inclining her pretty head at
an outburst of applause, began.

   Vaughn, a bit excited despite his skeptic-
ism, braced himself against whatever was
to come. He knew the beautiful young
violinist made her greatest appeal with the
sort of music she was about to play. The
first notes of the “ Tropical Lullaby ” were
strangely suggestive of the hot and humid
languor of the equator, and he felt himself
succumbing to their spell. Miragelike there
appeared before him the huge bulk of Chim-
borazo. At its base the mud-w'alled hut
sprang into being, like trick stage scenery:
and there by the door sat the Indian mother
crooning her song.

  Steeped in the melody, Vaughn glanced
sleepily toward Margot and Lieutenant
Bateson. They seemed like figures in a
dream, oddly far off, small, scarcely alive.
Suddenly they faded, dissolved into noth-
ingness; the entire audience became blotted
out; eve'n the senorita’s slender, swaying
figure grew blurred, then vanished alto-
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

211

gether; and Vaughn, dominated as though
by some irresistible hypnosis, had the curi-
ous sensation of rising as if on wings into
the air.

  Suddenly there was a loud crash near
that roused him sharply from his dream. The
noise seemed to bring everybody else back
to consciousness also. In a moment dozens
of lips were asking the startled question:
“ What is it?”

  Vaughn, thoroughly awake, glanced
around and found the hawthorn vase—the
twenty - four - thousand - dollar specimen—
shattered on the floor. The next instant
'there was a shrill cry, and Mrs. Whymper,
forgetting everything else in her grief over
the catastrophe—forgetting even her dignity
as hostess—rushed to the vase, picked up
one of the fragments and burst into hysteri-
cal tears.

  “ My dearest possession! I wouldn't have
parted with it for twice what I paid for it.
Oh, who could have done this?”

  With majestic dignity Senor Arsenjo re-
entered the room. Vaughn, who was using
his eyes sharply, noted the fact that the
senorita had disappeared—though her vio-
lin lay on the piano and the music-stand had
not been removed.

  One of the ladies, perhaps the most ex-
cited of the company with the sole exception
of Mrs. Whymper herself, sprang up at
sight of the senor and rushed toward him.

  “ Oh, senor, just look at Mrs. Whymper’s
pet vase, that priceless hawthorn, lying
tragically shattered on the floor! Now none
of us knocked it over, of course. Do you
think it could have been vibrated over, so
to speak—precipitated to the floor by the
musical vibrations?”

  At the absurd query Senor Arsenjo did
not look disgusted or even smile. Instead
he not only took the lady seriously but
agreed with her.

  “ I think it quite likely. Such a thing
happened at one of my daughter’s recitals
at Santiago—a magnificent cloisonne sud-
denly fell to the floor, all due to malevolent
sound waves.”

  A fragment of the vase was lying on the
floor near Vaughn. He stooped and picked
it up, then began examining it.

   “ I don’t see how musical vibrations could

knock a heavy thing like my poor K’ang-hsi
to the floor,” said Mrs. Whymper with un-
expected good sense. “ Besides, why didn’t
they knock something else down, too—some
of that Russian brass-ware, for instance?”
Senor Arsenjo smiled indulgently. “ Ah,
but maybe, my dear lady, the musical vi-
brations have a special affinity for hawthorn
vases—”

  Vaughn suddenly went to the shattered
vase and picked up several more of the
pieces. His action was so precipitate the
others began watching him curiously.

  “ Mrs. Whvmf>er,” he said after a mo-
ment, “ this broken vase is not the K'ang-
hsi. It is only a rather poor imitation.”

  " What!” she gasped—to the accompani-
ment of astonished murmurs from the rest.

  “ I happen to know a good deal about
this particular vase—or rather the one for
which it was substituted,” he continued.
“ You will no doubt remember when it was
stolen from the late Mr. Wilmerding Jack-
son. I was employed to trace it and suc-
ceeded—”

  “ When do you think the substitution
took place?” she broke in excitedly. “It
must have been very recently, for only
yesterday I had the vase placed here at
Senor Arsenjo’s request. I was present
when it was brought in.”

  Vaughn sprang his climax. “The sub-
stitution took place while Senorita Arsenjo
was playing."

  “Impossible!” cried a dozen voices.
Senor Arsenjo gave a derisive laugh. Even
Mrs. Whymper, in the mood for miracles
though she was, shook her head.

  “ My dear Mr. Vaughn, pray don’t ask
us to believe that—”

  “ But you must believe it. The genuine
K’ang-hsi had the unmistakable Cheng-hua-
mark beneath the foot of the Ming dynasty.
See, this vase has no such mark. Another
thing—do you remember how heavy the
original one was? The fall to the floor
would never have shattered it. This vase
is much lighter in weight.”

  “How perfectly astounding!” gasped
Mrs. Whymper. “ Mr. Vaughn, I put the
case in your hands here and now—if you’ll
take it. You had luck in finding my adored
K’ang-hsi before. Maybe you can repeat.”
212

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

                   it.

  As she spoke the small door near the
piano opened and Senorita Arsenjo, followed
by her accompanist, entered the room. She
looked rather pale and a bit disheveled, a
coil or so of her flaxen hair having escaped
from its pins. At sight of the shattered
vase and the excited group around it she
stopped short.

  “ What is it?” she inquired.

  Her father hurried toward her. “ Noth-
ing that concerns the greatest violinist in
the world!” he cried grandiloquently; then
he added tenderly, putting his arm around
her: “ I want to spare you all the inhar-
monv I can. You know how sensitive you
are—”

  •• But—what is it? I’m interested—”

  Senor Arsenjo gently turned her around
so she could not see. Then he faced Mrs.
Whymper and her guests.

  “ Pray excuse Senorita Arsenjo,” he said,
bowing profoundly. “ She has just come
out of a dead faint. Usually she loses con-
sciousness after playing the ‘Tropical
Lullaby.’ To-night, however, she fainted
before reaching the last measures.” And he
led her from the room.

  “ Oh. my poor strayed, stolen K’ang-
hsi!’- wailed Mrs. Whymper, bursting into
fresh tears. “ Mr. Vaughn, do please get
busy and find it for me.”

CHAPTER II.

THE BI.AKELOCK SUNSET.

VAUGHN lost no time in getting to
work on the case.

In a few moments Mrs. Whym-
per’s guests began leaving. The Arsenjos
were the first to go. Vaughn stationed him-
self in the lower hall and with his own eyes
saw that nobody took the vase away. Of
course, being so large and heavy, any ordi-
nary person would have been unable to
carry it at all, much less surreptitiously.
But Vaughn, who believed in doing things
thoroughly, thought it better to satisfy
himself on the point. Next he made a
search of the house and questioned the ser-
vants, but’ with no result. Mrs. Whymper
■was still in tears when he and Margot said
good night and left.

  As for the twin mysteries—the mystery
of the K’ang-hsi’s disappearance and the
mystery of the “ spell ” cast by Senorita
Arsenjo’s music—he was certain he had
them solved already. But he grimly real-
ized he had a good deal of hard work to
do before he could fix the blame for the
exchange of vases and expose to a gaping
world the modus operandi of the “ spell.”
The next morning he telephoned Mrs.
Whymper. Happily the lady was accept-
ing her loss more philosophically than on
the night before, but her quavering tones
still hinted of tears when she mentioned
her beloved K’ang-hsi. Vaughn asked for
the address of Senor Arsenjo, which she
gave with some surprise.

  “ Surely you’re not connecting them with
the theft?” she gasped, horrified. “ The
Arsenjos, of all people!”

  He laughed. “Why should I? Listen,
Mrs. Whymper. I see in the society column
that Mrs. Lorillard Foulkes is giving an
Arsenjo recital to-morrow night at her home
on Fifth Avenue. You’ll be there?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Good. Get me two invitations—one
for Miss Margot Dale, the other for me.
You can arrange it?”

  “ I daresay—though of course she has
her list already made out. But why do
you want to go? In the interest of the
case?”

  “ Exactly—but remember I’m not con-
necting the senor or his charming daughter
with the disappearance of the vase at all.
Ask Mrs. Foulkes for invitations for your
friends, ‘ Mr. and Mrs. Spencer, of Chi-
cago.’ Miss Dale and I will go in dis-
guise—”

  “In disguise! Oh, Mr. Vaughn, you
frighten me—really. All this smacks of
some creepy coup or other. How ’11 I
know you when I see you?”

  Vaughn chuckled. “ I’ll, give you the
wink. Don’t be nervous—and don’t be
afraid we’ll disgrace you. Simply shake
hands with us and present us to Mrs.
Foulkes, and I’ll do the rest. Good-by.”
The next evening Mr. and Mrs. Spencer,
of Chicago, a rather picturesque, though
thoroughly well-groomed and well-man-
nered couple, arrived at Mrs. Lorillard
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

213

Foulkes’s palatial Fifth Avenue town house
early. Mrs. Whymper was already there,
however, and she immediately presented her
“ friends ” to the hostess, a typical grande
dame, who received them cordially.

  A surprise awaited Vaughn and Margot
in the music-room, to which a flunkey im-
mediately conducted them. At first they
thought the huge, high, dimly lighted apart-
ment was empty, but on looking toward
the end where the piano stood they spied,
half hidden by a Dutch tapestry, Senorita
Arsenjo and Lieutenant Bateson chatting
confidentially.

  “What!” gasped Margot. “He’s made
her acquaintance already and they’re talk-
ing like old friends. How did he manage
it?”

  Suddenly a white head was thrust into
the room through a doorway near the piano
—the incomparable head of Senor Jose
Arsenjo—and a voice called sharply:

  “ Dolores! What are you doing?”

  The young girl gave a confused start
and blushed to the roots of her fair hair.
“ Why, just speaking to Lieutenant Bate-
son, father—”

  “ Come at once. Senorita Valdez is ill.”
Senorita Dolores hesitated, gave the
young soldier a naively eloquent look, then
ran lightly from the room. The look Bate-
son flashed after her was even more elo-
quent than hers.

“ Wildly in love,” commented Margot.
“ Headlong fellow! I wonder who that
Senorita Valdez is, the senor mentioned—”
“ The little black-eyed accompanist.”

  “ To be sure. He said she’s ill. Oh,
Owen, maybe the senorita won’t play—”

  “ Sh-h. Stop calling me Owen. Here
comes Bateson—”

  Bateson, his face still aglow, came toward
them. As on the other evening, he was
dressed in khaki; and Margot thought as
she looked at him that any girl—even the
“ greatest violinist in the world ”—might
fall in love with him, he was such a hand-
some fellow. He gave the Spencers only a
passing glance and was about to turn away
when Vaughn in cleverly disguised tones
spoke to him.

  “ Pardon me, have you heard Senorita
Arsenjo play? We—”

  “Lieutenant Bateson!”

  The words came in a girlish voice from
the doorway near the piano. The three
turned quickly. The speaker was Senorita
Arsenjo. Rosy, smiling, she was alone—
and evidently waiting for the young soldier
to join her. She did not have to wait
long. Bateson was beside her almost at
one stride. She whispered to him mysteri-
ously; he nodded eagerly, and then both dis^
appeared through the doorway.

  The room was filling with guests. Vaughn
and Margot began taking notes—she of the
people, he of the surroundings, the setting
for to-night’s recital. The room was ar-
ranged much as Mrs. Whymper’s had been,
the piano in one remote comer, the chairs
quite a distance from it. No vases or other
objets d’art were anywhere visible; but
hanging on a large black velvet curtain be-
hind the rows of chairs was a solitary oil
painting of medium size richly framed in
gold. It was a gorgeous sunset done in
boldest orange and vermilion.

  “ I’ll wager that’s a Blakelock,” whis-
pered Vaughn. “ We have something inter-
esting here.”

  Mrs. Foulkes was standing near. Mr.
Spencer, of Chicago, approached her smil-
ingly.

  “ I’ve just been telling Mrs. Spencer that
that stunning painting is a Blakelock,” he
said. “ Am I right?”

  People often resist the temptation to
boast of their money; but they find it harder
not to boast of what their money brings.

  “ Yes, indeed, that’s not only a Blake-
lock, but it has been picked as quite the
best sunset the artist ever painted. It’s
the celebrated ‘ Flare Before Dusk.’ I paid
twenty thousand dollars for it.” And the
lady went to other guests.

  Vaughn sauntered to the picture. It was
indeed a Blakelock—the nightmare land-
scape, the wild coloring were unmistakable.
He peered at the lower left corner of the
canvas closely and found the artist’s char-
acteristic signature.

  “ And Mrs. Foulkes paid twenty thou-
sand dollars for it,” he said to himself. “1
must keep my eyes on it while the Senorita
plays.”

  He rejoined Margot and they seated
214

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

themselves at the left end of the last row.
He turned his chair slightly toward her
and then half faced her in quite a lover-
like fashion.

  " What’s this for?” she laughed. " You
didn't stipulate we’d have to make an amor-
ous exhibition of ourselves.”

  He nodded toward the Blakelock. She
understood. He wanted to be in a position
to flash a glance at the picture every now
and then without turning his head.

  Senor Jose Arsenjo, the noble-browed,
came out just before the recital began and
made an announcement which caused a
murmur of surprise.

  “ Ladies and gentlemen," he said without
his usual smile—almost with an ugly scowl,
in fact, “ owing to the sudden illness of my
daughter’s accompanist, Senorita Valdez, we
have had to accept the kindly proffered
services of Lieutenant Bateson, who. 1 un-
derstand, was a pianist of some note before
he entered upon a military career. Under
the circumstances you will not, 1 am sure,
expect too much in the way of a perfectly
coordinated performance. They have just
been practising together a few moments on
the small piano in the drawing-room.”

  The next moment the senorita entered,
followed by Bateson who, in his khaki,
made a picturesque figure. His broad smile
and shining eyes betrayed so unmistakably
his boyish delight at being able to assume
this unwonted and distinguished role that
the audience, quickly responding to his
frank pleasure, beamed with sympathy. He
proved himself no mean pianist, too. He
had a sure touch and he read amazingly
well. As for Dolores, she outdid herself.
Vaughn had to admit to Margot that he
had begun to revise his opinion of her
ability.

  When the first part of the program was
finished Senorita Dolores retired amid en-
thusiastic applause, Lieutenant Bateson es-
corting her out with great gallantry. The
senor, scowling, followed. In a few mo-
ments Bateson reentered and received the
congratulations of his friends for his musi-
cianlv performance.

  The intermission between Part I and Part

II	of the program was unusually long; but
at last the senor reappeared to make his

little speech. It was the same one he had
made at Mrs. Whvmper’s. He asked the
audience to visualize the Indian mother
crooning to her babe. Senorita Dolores
came out and began playing the low, rich
notes of the “ Tropical Lullaby.” Her father
waited a moment, casting a half-quizzical
glance over the crowd, then vanished.

  Vaughn turned toward Margot a trifle
farther so as to be able to keep his gaze
continuously on the Blakelock without at-
tracting attention. For a time nothing hap-
pened. The picture remained hanging on
the black velvet curtain; no substitution
was attempted—he was sure of it. But
suddenly he experienced an odd haziness of
sensation; the floor seemed to shrink from
beneath him; Margot seemed to be slowly
yet surely withdrawing herself from his
side; and in a perverse flash he began
thinking of the Indian woman at the foot of
Chimborazo. At the same moment the
music seemed to be taking on divine har-
monies not of earth.

    Brace yourself against it,” he managed
to whisper to her—though already she
seemed half-way across the room.

  Vigorously he fought the mysterious in-
fluence, keeping his eyes on the Blakelock
—save when he glanced around to see if
Arsenjo had reentered. The South Ameri-
can was nowhere in sight. Vaughn, feeling
himself succumbing more and more to the
spell, was on the point of rebelling against
it physically even to the extent of springing
to his feet and interrupting the recital when
the curious paralysis of nightmare seized
him and he found himself unable to move.
He did not lose consciousness—quite. But
everything disappeared as on the other eve-
ning and he had the sensation of rising
buoyantly in the air.

  When he came to himself Margot was
leaning against his shoulder. The audience,
gasping, seemed awakening from some rap-
turous dream. The music had ceased.
Senorita Dolores had disappeared. So had
her father. The Blakelock! Was it still
there? Yes, there it hung—the Blakelock
or a perfect copy of it. Had a spurious
picture been substituted for the original, as
in the case of the K’ang-hsi vase?

  Vaughn rose and paced casually to the
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

215

painting. Nobody was looking in his direc-
tion save Margot. He took a small mag-
nifying-glass from his pocket and began ex-
amining certain parts of the canvas—ob-
jects on the landscape and queer cloud ef-
fects that he knew were typical of the artist.
If the picture was a copy it was a remark-
ably good one. The haphazard technique
seemed Blakelock’s very own. Wait—what
was this? He had turned the glass on the
painter’s name in the lower left corner.
The lettering resembled that on all the
Blakelocks he had seen, but a sudden faint
smell of jresh paint roused his suspicions
in a rush. He touched the “ B ” with the
tip of his little finger and discovered that
the paint was indeed wet.

  “ What is it?” whispered Margot at his
elbow.

  He laughed grimly. “ Only fresh
paint—”

  “ Fresh paint! But Blakelock painted
this picture years ago—”

  “ Not this picture, you trustful child.
The one that hung here before .Senorita
Arsenjo played the ‘ Tropical Lullaby ’ was
painted by Blakelock years ago. This one
was painted by somebody else much more
recently—maybe within the last few days.
But the copyist, clever though he was. for-
got one very important thing—he forgot
to put Blacklock’s name on the picture till
to-day—till perhaps even the last hour or
so—which explains the phenomenon of the
fresh paint.”

  “ Owen,” gasped Margot, “ you’re going
to tell Mrs. Foulkes, of course?”

CHAPTER III.

AT DR. DURANT’S.

VAUGHN waited until all the other
guests were gone, and then introduc-
ing himself as Owen Vaughn the de-
tective briefly told Mrs. Foulkes of the ex-
change of pictures. While she was still
gasping with astonishment he secured her
permission to interrogate the footman who
had attended the main door that evening.
This man was the typical side-whiskered,
bald-headed, solemn-visaged English lackey.
He answered Vaughn’s questions readily,

and seemed to be a rather perceptive, care-
fully spoken person.

  “Did any messenger present himself here
to-night after the guests had arrived?”
“Yes, sir; a man with an enormous box
of flowers for Senorita Arsenjo.”

  “ Did you take them?”

  “ I told the man to give them to me and
I would see that the young lady received
them, but he refused. He said his orders
were to give them either to her or her father
and to no one else. He waited while I
called Senor Arsenjo.”

  “ The senor came?”

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ What happened then?”

  “ I don’t know. Senor Arsenjo, who was
very hurried and excited, said that Senorita
Valdez had fainted and that his daughter
was much upset by it. He told me to go
and help administer restoratives while he
attended to the man who had brought the
flowers. He seemed angry because the man
had come, and as I left I heard him say
he would teach him such a lesson that his
daughter would be free in future from that
kind of annoyance.”

  “You went to the ladies?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “ Where were they?”

  “ In the small reception-room off the
music-room.”

  “ What happened there?”

  “ Senorita Valdez was lying on the divan
unconscious. Senorita Arsenjo was chafing
her hands and trying in other ways to bring
her out of it. I got restoratives, but it was
a very stubborn case. The lady was quite
a time coming to—ten or fifteen minutes at
least.”

  “ Who was supposed to tend the door
meanwhile?”

  The footman looked rather sheepish.
“ Nobody, sir. To tell you the truth, I
forgot all about the door. Senorita Arsenjo
was so excited I grew excited, too—I’m a
bit nervous anyway. We were afraid the
other lady might not come out of it—so
we worked very hard. When at last she
opened her eyes I hurried back to the
door.”

  “ Had Senor Arsenjo returned to the
small reception-room before you left?”
216

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Xo, sir; he was still in the hall with
the man who had brought the flowers. The
fellow was about to leave. Senor Arsenjo
was in a towering rage. He was almost lit-
erally kicking the poor man out, sir. ‘ Take
these flowers back to the fool who sent
them,’ he was shouting, 1 and tell him if
he ever sends any more I’ll have him locked
up as a nuisance.1 The man, who looked
quite pale from fright, left.”

  “ He took the box?”

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ What was its shape and size?”

  “It was quite large—about five feet
long, four wide, and maybe a bit more than
a foot in thickness.”

  “ Describe the messenger.”

  “ Short, very square, powerfully set up,
with big, bulging shoulders, a foreign, yel-
lowish-copper face and very black eyes.”

  “ Thank you; that's all.”

  By this time Mrs. Foulkes had recovered
her composure sufficiently to discuss with
Vaughn the mysterious disappearance of the
Blakelock. He found her in the music-
room with Margot and Mrs. Whymper.

  “ Xow, Mr. Vaughn,” began the latter
half banteringly, “please don’t drag in the
Arsen jos—”

  “ The Arsenjos! ” echoed Mrs. Foulkes
blankly. “ You don’t mean—”

  “ My dear Mrs. Foulkes,” Vaughn inter-
posed, “ we have no time for exclamatives.
Perhaps I had better, say that to Mrs.
Whymper,” he added with a dry little
laugh. “ After I have gone you ladies can
marvel to your hearts’ content, but just now
I want you to answer a few questions.
Mrs. Foulkes, you told me before the recital
to-night that Senor Arsenjo asked you to
have the Blakelock hung on the curtain
there.”

  “ Yes; he said it would inspire his daugh-
ter. He was here this afternoon and super-
intended the hanging of it himself.”

  “ You were in the room while it was
being hung?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ How did he happen to hang it on the
black velvet?”

  “ First he hung it on the wall; but the
frescoing spoiled the picture-^-at least so he
insisted.”

  “ Why was the curtain hung several feet
away from the wall instead of on the wall?”
“ It was Senor Arsenjo’s idea. He said
the wall was too far away from where the
senorita was to stand when she played.
He wanted her to see the picture more
distinctly.”

  “ H-m—and the small door leading to the
hall is behind the curtain!”

  Mrs. Foulkes was frankly nonplused.
“ But granting all this, what good did the
door do him? How in the world did he
carry the picture out?”

  Vaughn smiled. “ When did Senor Ar-
senjo propose’ hanging the Blakelock here
in the music-room?”

  “ Just after he agreed to give the recital
—I think about a week ago. He asked me
to let him see whatever pictures and objets
d’art I might have. When I told him I
had a Blakelock he was all eagerness and
asked to see the picture at once. His in-
sistence on atmosphere had always struck
me as being rather far-fetched, so I said:
‘ But, senor, the subject of the picture may
not chime in with your ideas of atmosphere
at all. Just because it’s a Blakelock that
happens to be worth twenty thousand dol-
lars is no sign it will provide the exact sort
of atmosphere your very temperamental
daughter requires.’ ‘Any Blakelock will
do,’ he replied. ‘ Senorita Dolores is simply
crazy about Blakelocks.’ When I showed
him the picture he was more enthusiastic
than ever. 1 Just the thing,’ he cried.
‘ That’s a regular Ecuador sunset. Blake-
lock must have been in Ecuador—or
dreamed he was there—when he painted
it.’ ”

  Vaughn studied. “ Do you know when
and where the senorita makes her next pro-
fessional appearance?”

  “ The first of next week at Dr.
Durant’s—”

  “ You mean Dr. Durant, the psycho-
logist?”

  “ Yes. He’s writing a wonderful book
about the senorita, you know.”

  His eyes lit. “ I know Dr. Durant
well—”

“ You mean you’ll .be at the recital—and
in another disguise?” cried Mrs. Whymper.
But he smiled an evasion and in a mo-
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

217

ment he and Margot bade the ladies a
rather abrupt good night.

  The next morning, anticipating a strenu-
ous day, he reached his office earlier than
usual; but early though the hour was he
found Michael Maguinness McSurelv, a
quick-witted, good-humored Irishman who
had graduated into his service from the
New York Police Department, waiting for
him. McSurely had ready the report of
his activities of yesterday and last night
on the K’ang-hsi case. It was a wholly
disappointing one. He had made a round
of antique dealers, certain picked pawn-
shops, “ fences,” and a number of private
individuals who dealt in stolen articles of
value behind various more or less effective
kinds of camouflage; but he had been un-
able to discover a trace of the missing vase.

  And now there was the Blakelock to com-
plicate things.

  “ Mac,” said Vaughn, “ you’d better go
over the ground again and see if you run
across the picture. Wait—” He reflected
a moment. “ No, that would be a waste of
time. The senor is too wily to trust pro-
fessional fences. He’ll keep his booty him-
self until a safe time to dispose of it. The
thing for you to do is to take a taxi and
watch the man’s house for the day. I don’t
think he’d keep either the K’ang-hsi or the
Blakelock under his own roof; he no doubt
takes his stuff to some place where he him-
self is seldom or never seen. But he could
hardly have made this particular trip in the
dead of night; he must have waited till this
morning. Somebody in the game—maybe
the foreign-looking fellow who took the fake
flowers to Mrs. Foulkes’s last night—will
take the picture away this morning,
wrapped differently, to—where? That’s
for you to find out, Mac. Follow him no
matter where he goes or how long it takes
you.”

  Mac looked up Arsenjo’s address in the
telephone-directory.

  “ The old Van Loon place away out on
Riverside Drive,” he said. “ Big ancient
white pile on the corner in a tangle of old
trees behind a high garden wall. There’ll
be four or five doors to watch all at once—
in that prison wall—but trust me, chief, to
use my peeps.” And he was off.

  That afternoon Vaughn called on his old
friend, Dr. Durant. Marcus Aurelius Du-
rant, who resided in an aristocratic old
house in Gramercy Park, was a rather
unique character. A millionaire who had
inherited his money, he had lived his life
on the boundary between two worlds, de-
voting himself to psychic research and oc-
cult experiment. He had evolved a count-
less number of bizarre theories on abstruse
subjects, and these had naturally excited
the ridicule of scientific men; but, nothing
daunted, he had written book after book,
first on spiritism, then on the phenomena
of dreams, then on the “ sixth sense,” and
so on until now in the autumn of his years
he was riding a new hobby—the psychic in-
fluence of music.

  He had always held Vaughn in grateful
esteem for having introduced him to sev-
eral celebrated ‘‘ psychopathic ,f criminals
whom he had experimented upon and ex-
ploited in one of his books; and now he was
delighted to be able to return the favor by
inviting him to Senorita Arsenjo’s recital,
which was to take place at his house the
next Thursday night.

  “ Have you ever heard the beautiful
young senorita play?” he asked beamingly.
“Yes; twice.”

  “ Is she not a wonder—a phenomenon?”
“ She certainly is. I have a theory about
her playing—”

  “ So have I!” He was precipitate in his
enthusiasm. “ I’m writing a book about
her. Marvelous girl! Briefly my theory is
this: Music is God. And the human being
who expresses music most perfectly—in
other words, who expresses God most per-
fectly—is a savior of the race. Startling,
eh? What do you think of it?”

  “ Very remarkable indeed. It will create
a sensation, my dear Dr. Durant.”

  Vaughn continued complimenting the sus-
ceptible doctor in this equivocal vein until
he gradually brought the subject around to
the senor's ideas on atmosphere.

  “ My theory,” he declared modestly,
“ isn’t so stupendously original as yours. It
really has more to do with the senorita’s at-
mosphere than with her music.”

  Dr. "Durant gave a triumphant little
laugh. “ The atmosphere / am to provide
-218

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

for the divine young virtuoso will far dis-
count any that has gone before. I have
scoured the New York galleries for Hen-
ners—you know Henner, the great French
painter, the secret of whose ravishing flesh
tones died with him?”

  “ Oh, yes—I’ve admired his ‘ Bather ’
and ‘ Mary Magdalen ’ at the Metropolitan
Museum—”

   “ Well, I’ve found three companion pieces'
to the ‘ Bather ’—real Henners—the inimi-
table Henneresque nudes! Fouldera’s Gal-
lery on Fifth Avenue has been holding them,
declining to sell, as the price of genuine
Henners is steadily increasing. But I suc-
ceeded in getting them—and at a wonderful
bargain.”

  “ What did you pay?”

  “ Fifty thousand dollars—”

  “ What! ”

  “ But that was for all three. And the
dealer assured me they are worth twice
that—”

  Vaughn barely suppressed a smile—and
a groan. “Did Senor Arsenjo suggest your
buying them?”

  “ Yes; he said they would inspire his
daughter.”

  “ Have.you the pictures here?”

  “No; they haven’t been delivered yet.
Senor Arsenjo suggested that we leave them
at the gallery till the morning of the re-
cital.”

  “ Why?”

  “He didn’t say.”

   “In what room is the senorita to play?”
Dr. Durant took him up-stairs to the
large drawing-room. It was connected with
the library by means of sliding doors.

  “ I’ll push back these doors,” he ex-
plained, “ and both rooms will be one.
They will easily accommodate one hundred
people. The senorita is to play in the
library.”

  “ And the Henners—where are they to
hang?”

  “On a black curtain at that end of the
room. The senor said they would show
better on black.”

  Vaughn went to the other end of the
room. A door broke the sweep of the left
wall, and in the right-hand corner was a
sort of cabinet or bookcase with glass doors

built in the wall. The doors were curtained
with scrim.

  First Vaughn opened the door in the left
wall. It led into a narrow corridor con-
necting the main hall with a rear stairway.
Thus it afforded egress from the drawing-
room either down the front stairway or the
rear one. Next he went toward the built-in
cabinet.

  “ Originally that was a china closet,” ex-
plained Dr. Durant. “ This room used to
be the dining-room and the room behind
was the kitchen. But when I put in the
English basement I made this the drawing-
room. The closet opens into the other room
as well as into this one.”

  Vaughn’s eyes lit. He opened the glass
doors and had an unimpeded view into the
other room—a kind of study littered with
old books and other literary rubbish.

  “ Excuse its appearance,” apologized the
doctor. “ Nobody ever goes into it. The
door that used to lead from this room to
that has been walled up.”

  “ There is no means of getting in there
save through these glass doors?” queried
Vaughn eagerly.

  “ That is all. I intended to cut a door-
way leading into the room from the library,
but never got around to it. But. Mr.
Vaughn, why does the room interest you
so? Has it anything to do with your at-
mosphere theory?”

  “ A very great deal,” answered Vaughn.
And then he astonished the doctor by crawl-
ing through the closet on his hands and
knees into the other room. After which he
glanced around with a satisfied smile. There
were no doors; and the window was a
small one.

  In a moment he had rejoined Dr. Durant.

  “ Doctor, may I have the use of this
room on the night of Senorita Arsenjos
recital?”

  “ Certainly. But you won’t be able to
hear the music—”

  “ I don’t want to hear the music.” Then,
at the other’s wondering look, he added
quickly: “ My theory doesn’t require it.
Frankly, I want to be where I can see and
yet not be seen. The entire procedure must
be kept secret. Don’t let Senor Arsenjo or
his daughter know there’s a room here at
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

21-9

all. Have some books placed in the closet
and let them show through the glass doors
—then they’ll think it a mere bookcase.
You’ll do this?’'

  “ With the greatest pleasure.” .aughed
Dr. Durant. “ The thing is so mysterious
I'm beginning to feel as fascinated as by
my own experiments.”

  Vaughn thanked him warmly and left,
promising to be on hand Thursday night,
at least an hour earlier than the Arsenjos.

CHAPTER IV.

IN THE HOLLOW OF HIS HAND.

VAUGHN took a taxicab to the Foul-
dera Gallery on Fifth Avenue. Foul-
dera & Co. were among the largest
art dealers in New York, devoting several
floors to the exhibition of pictures. Their
exhibits were usually popular with art
lovers, and to-day Vaughn found the rooms
crowded. On the top floor were canvases
which were either not for sale or had al-
ready been sold, and here the press of spec-
tators was not so great. In a remote corner
at the end of the room he found what he
had been searching for—an ariist busily en-
gaged in copying a picture.

  This in itself was not extraordinary.
There were perhaps half a dozen artists
copying other canvases in the various rooms
of the establishment, and they excited only
a languid interest on the part of the public.
But Vaughn felt almost a thrill at sight of
the copyist on the top floor—for the picture
he was copying was one of the Henners.

  Though he had never seen him before
Vaughn recognized him instantly — and
that, too, notwithstanding his disguise. He
wore a gray wig and a gray mustache,
near-sighted glasses, and the regulation
artist's smock; but this garment, loose and
shapeless though it was, could not hide that
strangely short, broad, powerfully set-up
figure. The copyist was the man who had
delivered the “ flowers ” at Mrs. Foulkes’s
yesterday. The footman’s description fitted
him perfectly.

  The pictures were hanging on the wall
above him. All three were typical Henners
—purplish-blue backgrounds, greenish-blue

skies, mossy banks on which sat Titian-
haired nudes.

  “ My friend,” said Vaughn pleasantly, •
“ you’re doing a good job.”

  The man grunted and shrugged his huge
shoulders. Vaughn drew a step nearer.

  “ Those fiesh-tones of yours,” he con-
tinued critically, “ need only one thing to
make them more like Henner than Henner’s
own—a dash of pale olive to give a bit more
warmth.”

  The copyist flashed a glance up at the
speaker, stopped painting, pushed his stool
back, then looked with half-closed eyes at
the figure.

  “ You are right,” he growled at last with
a mongrel Spanish accent. “ I need more
green. Diable! why not I see it myself?
My color-eye no good.” And he angrily
mixed the paints.

  “ You’re doing very well, indeed,”
Vaughn encouraged him. “ Where have
you studied—Paris?”

  “ Rome — Paris — everywhere,” half
snarled the man shortly.

  He began adding the Henner green to
the nymph’s flesh, working for some mo-
ments in silence.

  “Good!” cried Vaugh with involuntary
admiration. “ That’s the tint exactly—”

  But suddenly the copyist sprang to his
feet with a series of oaths — degenerate
Spanish mixed with half-breed Indian, a
sort of South American lingo, Vaughn
guessed.

  “ No good! ” he exclaimed furiously. “ I
am fool to paint. I paint no more. Not
even for him. Not for anybody.” He
snatched the canvas, crushed the wooden
backing with his powerful hands, then, tak-
ing a curious-looking knife from his pocket,
cut the picture in strips, gathered up his
paints, palette, and stool, and rushed out.

  Vaughn paid him the tribute of a thor-
oughly astonished whistle.

  “Some temper! A veritable madman
when he’s roused. I wonder how the senor
manages him. Well, I can resume my study
of this rather extraordinary fellow to-mor-
row, for he’ll be certain to come back to
go at his copying again, as his master sim-
ply must have those bogus Henners by
Thursday.”
220	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  When Vaughn returned to the office he
found McSurely waiting for him. Mac had
an interesting report. He had two reports,
in fact—the first concerning the mysterious
deliveryman-copyist, the second having to
do with Senorita Dolores Arsenjo and—
Lieutenant Bateson!

  “What!” gasped the “chief.” “Is he
still storming her heart—and incidentally
risking being murdered by the irate papa?”
Mac grinned. “ I took a taxi for the old
Van Loon place out on the Drive, now oc-
cupied by our friends, the Arsenjos, and
had scarcely rounded the corner when a big
car came shooting out of the garage with
the big-shouldered fellow at the wheel. It
pulled up at the front door and waited.
Meanwhile I directed the cabby to amble
down a side street at a speed of about a
mile and a half an hour so I could look
back and see what was happening. Natu-
rally I had to keep on the move, or, at least,
make a bluff at it, as I didn’t want the
party of the shoulders to notice me hang-
ing round. He waited a minute or so, then
Senor Arsenjo came out of the house carry-
ing a big flat package the size of the Blake-
lock—”

  “ Arsenjo himself? You’re sure?”

  “ He was certainly true to your descrip-
tion, chief. A black-eyed, white-haired
grandee with a head like the one on that
biggest statue of Jupiter up at the Metro-
politan Museum—”

  “ That’s Arsenjo. Go ahead.”

  “ He put the package carefully on the
floor of the tonneau and covered it with the
lap-robe, and then Mr. Shoulders whizzed
off. My old taxi was a bit decrepit, and
the cabby had some time trying to keep the
other car in sight. We followed Shoulders
upon the Staten Island ferry-boat, and then,
after reaching St. George, he led us out
Richmond Terrace to a road that stretched
out toward the interior of the island. We
never could have pretended to keep up with
him if his car hadn't gone wrong just after
he left the boat. Every few minutes he
was out tinkering with the engine.”

“ He didn’t turn around and see you?”
Mac chuckled. “ He looked back in a
casual sort of way whenever he got out to
tinker with the engine, and when he began

to slow down I had the cabby shoot off into
a crossroad, or stop dead before some house,
or turn round. It worked, too. At last he
pulled up at a big Dutch house in a thick
woods—a regular old-timer painted white
with old-fashioned green shutters and a
double porch. Shoulders jumped out, took
the package to the door, rang, and then
disappeared inside—”

  “ Did you see who let him in?”

  “ I had the cabby halt behind a clump of
trees a good piece from the house, and then
I used my field-glasses. A woman opened
the door — old, gray, saffron-colored, an-
other Spaniard as sure as my name’s
Michael Maguinness McSurely.”

  “ How long was Shoulders inside the
house?”

  “ Just a moment. When he came out he
got busy with his engine again. I drove
back to the St. George ferry, and by the
time I reached it he had caught up with me.
We came over on the same boat; and then
I trailed him back to the Van Loon place
on the Drive. Fate was staging a luscious
little comedy when we arrived.

  “ That khaki kid, Lieutenant Bateson,
was carrying off the stunning little senorita
in a bullet-shaped aluminum racer—the
worst little devil of a car you ever saw.
Old Arsenjo, hatless, his head looking big
as a dome, ran out after them, raving and
shaking his fist. When Shoulders pulled
up, he sprang in to give chase. The khaki
kid laughed and waved him a good-by as
they shot away.” Melc laughed at the recol-
lection. “Shoot! goes the bullet-shaped
racer. Shoot! follows the other car. Then
that pesky engine goes wrong again and the
car slows down. Result—in about seven-
teen seconds and a half the bullet-shaped
racer is out of sight.

  “ Is Arsenjo mad? Oh, my! Is he?
Say, you ought to have seen how he turned
and smashed Shoulders on the jaw—”
“What!” cried Vaughn, astonished.
“ And what did Shoulders do?”

  “ At first he seemed even madder than
Arsenjo. His face goes ultramarine and he
foams at the mouth. Out go those big
fingers like a strangler’s, and he seems ready
to do execution with them when suddenly
his arms drop and he turns away—for all
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

221

the world like a big, powerful mongrel cur
who realizes that the little dog he is about
to chew up is a canine aristocrat with a
pedigree, hence out of his class and not his
meat! Grandee Arsenjo glares at him, then
jumps out and streaks it back into the
house. Shoulders waits a minute, gazes
after the boss with the meanest look I ever
saw on a human phiz, then gets busy on
that balky engine again. I leave — and
that’s all.”

  Toward noon the next morning Vaughn
went to the Fouldera Gallery and found
Shoulders, disguised in the gray wig and
mustache, busily copying the same Henner
he had been working on yesterday. At
Vaughn’s rather sudden appearance he
glanced up with a scowl. Fie had been
painting with marvelous rapidity, for the
picture was almost done. The new canvas,
however, did not show the excellence of
drawing and coloring that had characterized
the one he had so furiously destroyed. Had
Arsenjo struck him again? And was he
sullenly indifferent as a consequence?

  “ What bring you here?” he snarled.
“ You like Henner so wonderful well? Or
you never see anybody paint before?”
Vaughn smiled disarmingly. “ I like
Henner—who doesn’t? I want to buy
those three paintings—”

  “ So? You can’t buy. Sold already.”

  “ To whom?”

  The quick query caught Shoulders un-
awares. He flushed a coppery red, looked
up at Vaughn with furtive questioning—
though as yet with no open suspicion—
then smiled nonchalantly.

  “ Who buy? Friend of mine. Gentle-
man from Venezuela. Fie take Flenners to
national gallery at Caracas as gift. Good
man, yes?” And he laughed softly, turning
to work on the canvas again.

  Vaughn kept after him. “ Why does he
want copies of the pictures—for himself?”
“ No. I make copies for myself—I love
beautiful pictures. I study art like mad-
man. I say to myself: ‘I will be great
painter.’ But no go! I am torn away from
work I love. So now I am nobody—noth-
ing—last of my race.” He sighed bit-
terly. “ Maybe I was born to be slave—he
says so; but I hate it—I hate it!” His

eyes flashed behind his glasses: his ponder-
ous chest heaved.

  Vaughn watched him, fascinated. What
did his curious reference to a state of
slavery mean? Had Arsenjo enslaved him
—if not legally, then by some stronger
power, some life-and-death hold over him?
He called himself a slave; he-had borne a
humiliating blow from Arsenjo without
striking back. Did not these things show
him to be of an inferior race? Perhaps he
was an Ecuadorean half-breed, a mestizo,
maybe a full-blooded Indian.

  But Shoulders was speaking again—and
in tense, clicking tones: “ I was wonder-
ful fellow. I could do many things. I
paint pictures. I make pottery and draw
queer figures on it. I make jewelry that
look like a hundred years old out of gold
and silver. I do everything in world once.
What do I do now?”

  Vaughn smiled. “ You’re copying that
Flenner—and making a good job of it.”

  “ I don’t mean what 1 do this minute—
but what 1 do all the time.”

  “ Well, what do you do all the time?”

  He seemed on the point of speaking out.
Then, frowning, he shook his head and
turned to the canvas. “ Who are you?
Stranger to me. You think I am fool for
telling you so much? Well, what I tell
you is fairy story.” He chuckled. “ Good-
by! You are not bad man, but you talk
much. I must work like five men to get
Henner done before noon.”

  Vaughn hesitated, made as if to demur at
this abrupt breaking off of a very interest-
ing conversation, then on second thought
uttered a good-humored good-by and left
the gallery. He could afford to wait to get
better acquainted with this rather sinister
artist. He had him—as well as his master,
Arsenjo—and Arsenjo’s beautiful daughter
—in the hollow of his hand.

CHAPTER V.

THE CENTER OF THE STAGE.

ON the next Thursday night Vaughn
was the first of Dr. Durant's guests
to arrive for the recital. A close
second was Lieutenant Bateson. Each
222

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

opened his eyes a bit at sight of the other
(Bateson, of course, had not recognized the
detective at Mrs. Foulkes’s in his disguise
of Mr. Spencer, of Chicago); but of the
two, Vaughn was the more surprised. How
had the young soldier secured an invita-
tion to Dr. Durant’s house? Surely he did
not move in the old occultist’s somewhat
mildewed set. But what is impossible to a
man in love?

  “ Mrs. Whymper did it for me,” ex-
plained Bateson with a rollicking little
laugh, reading the query in Vaughn’s eyes.
“ That’s a smart woman. She had a lot of
trouble getting me the bid, but managed to
put it through. But how did you get in?”
Vaughn smiled. “ I’m lucky enough to
know the doctor.”

  “ And you simply can’t resist the divine
senorita’s music, eh?”

  “ Certainly not—who could? I’m almost
as interested in it as you—”

  Bateson flushed, but took it good-humor-
edly. “ Scarcely! To tell you the truth,
I’m falling madly in love with that radiant
girl!”

  “ H-m!” half grunted Vaughn. “ What
cloes her father say?”

  The young soldier laughed—then apolo-
gized for his mirth. “ I admit I ought to
take the senor more seriously, but, by Jove,
he’s as good as a musical comedy. How
that man does rave! Several days ago I
met Senorita Arsenjo in Riverside Park.
For a wonder she was alone, and I prompt-
ly introduced myself, telling her that Mrs.
Whymper had arranged to present me, any-
way—and so on. I said I had heard her
play, that she was the greatest ever, that I
banged the piano some myself—well, that’s
the way it started. Then later, at Mrs.
Foulkes’s, her accompanist suddenly be-
came ill, and I took her place. Senor Ar-
senjo didn’t like it a bit. Earlier in the
evening the divine senorita promised to take
a spin with me in my little bullet car, so
the next morning I called and took her
away right under her father’s nose. Angry?
Good Heavens! His rage absolutely curdled
the atmosphere.”

  “ The Arsenjos are extraordinarily inter-
esting persons,” remarked Vaughn casually.
“ Who make up the household?”

  “ Senorita Valdez, an old domestic or so,
and—Miguel.”

  “ Miguel! Who is he?”

  “ The senor’s combined bodyguard,
chauffeur, valet, and I don’t know what else.
From what Senorita Dolores says he’s a
very useful person.”''

  “ He’s a Spaniard?”

  “ No, a mestizo—that’s South American
for half-breed.”

  Vaughn made his way out of the crowded
reception-room and hurried up-stairs to the
drawing-room, which fortunately he found
still "empty. Everything was arranged for
the recital. The grand piano was standing
at one end of the room. At the other were
the three Henners hung on black velvet.
In the soft pink-shaded light the flesh of
the nude figure looked startlingly warm and
lifelike. Never had the great Henner seemed
so like himself and so unlike all the rest
of painters. And Dr. Durant had paid
fifty thousand dollars for this trio of fair
women. What glorious booty Jose Arsenjo
was expecting!

  Vaughn went to the closet in the corner,
made a passageway through the books
He replaced all the books against the glass
doors, and crawled through to the store-
room beyond. Here, in darkness himself,
he could see everything that happened in
the drawing-room. The position was ideal.
He replaced all the books against the glass
doors-save one or two here and there to
afford space through which to see, and then
he drew up a chair and made himself com-
fortable.

  In a short while the guests began pour-
ing into the drawing-room and seating them-
selves. They were a rather motley throng,
as Dr. Durant knew many eccentric people.
Now and then some well-known society
figure, such as Mrs. Whymper, relieved the
freakish monotony. Lieutenant Bateson,
Vaughn noticed with a smile, had placed
himself under that lady’s protection.

  Everything went off as at previous re-
citals until the second part of the program
had been reached. Here was where the
“ spell ” usually began to work. Arsenjo
rose and began to speak. His tones were
softly modulated, and Vaughn, behind the
glass, could not catch what he was saying.
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

223

Whatever it was, it did not seem to be the
rather hackneyed story about the Indian
mother crooning to her babe. Vaughn
opened one of the doors an inch or two to
hear.

  The Indian mother had been abandoned.
Arsenjo was telling a new tale about the
ill-starred Atahualpa, the last Emperor of
the Incas, whom the treacherous Pizarro
put to death. “ Senorita Arsenjo will play
you ‘ Atahualpa’s Swan Song,’ ladies’ and
gentlemen,” the senor was saying. “ I com-
posed the piece on my last visit to Cuzco,
the ancient capital of Peru.” And he went
on to describe the various movements of
the composition in the florid terms so dear
to the Spanish-American heart. Vaughn
listened with amusement mingled with won-
der at the man’s fantastic cleverness.

  When Arsenjo finished his story he and
Senorita Valdez disappeared through the
doorway leading into the hall, and Dolores,
unaccompanied, began playing “ Atahual-
pa’s Swan Song.” Vaughn, breathlessly in-
terested, took a small but powerful pair of
field-glasses from his pocket to have in
readiness when Arsenjo returned, mean-
while roving his gaze from the violinist to
the three Henners at the far end of the
room. For a while, however, nothing hap-
pened. Dolores played on serenely. The
audience, though seeming to enjoy the
music, as yet exhibited no sign of succumb-
ing to the usual spell. Arsenjo was slow in
reappearing. .And certainly—so far—the
Henners had not been exchanged.

  Vaughn was growing a bit restive when
he noticed the black velvet curtains part
gradually and Arsenjo thrust his splendid
head into the drawing-room. Evidently
he had reentered by the door behind the
draperies. He waited a moment, casting his
eyes the length of the room to where
Dolores stood playing, then casually—yet
with studiously soft footfalls—advanced.

  This was the signal for Vaughn to do two
things. He noiselessly closed the glass
doors—as a practical means of resisting the
spell—and then lifted the field-glasses to his
eyes. Of course Arsenjo was in full view
as it was, and not more than fifty feet
away; but Vaughn was particularly desirous
of keeping the closest possible watch on his

hands. One hung at his side, the other was
thrust with apparent carelessness between
his coat and waistcoat. That was the hand
that Vaughn watched—tirelessly. But it
remained hidden—and nothing happened.

  The strains of the music had, of course,
reached Vaughn in his covert, but he had
listened only desultorily. Now, however,
engrossed though he was in watching the
exact spot on Arsenjo’s coat, behind which
the mysteriously secreted hand lay, he was
thrilled by a sudden deep, vibrant note of
the violin; and just after this note had
ascended and died away, the hidden hand
suddenly appeared, and by means of a min-
iature contrivance on the order oj an
atomizer discharged some subtle gas or at-
tenuated liquid over the heads oj the
audience.

  The spell!

  It was, just as Vaughn had suspected
from the beginning, a drug—but an incredi-
bly powerful one, vaporized doubtless—a
drug distilled perhaps from some unknown
plant that grew in the hot, fever-laden
forests of Arsenjo's own Ecuador. This it
was, then, that had benumbed his victims’
senses, giving them dreams of beatific har-
monies—and incidentally makjng the senor-
ita famous as the greatest violinist in the
world!

  But if the drug threw over the audience
an enchantment that only fell short of un-
consciousness itself, how could Arsenjo and
Dolores resist it? Dolores did not resist it!
She had always fainted before the end of
the “ Tropical Lullaby ”—would she not
faint while playing “ Atahualpa’s Swan
Song ”?

  But her father— Vaughn had scarcely
asked himself the question when Arsenjo
buried his nose in his handkerchief. This
simple proceeding surely was not sufficient
to make him immune to the effects of the
drug. Perhaps, between times, he went out
for a breath of fresh air.

  This surmise was correct. Arsenjo used
his spraying contrivance several times in
succession, then hurried behind the black
curtains, the handkerchief still pressed to
his nostrils. Vaughn now turned his atten-
tion to Dolores. He could not see her face;
but certainly her playing was growing
224

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

heavy and languorous. As for her listeners,
they were becoming markedly somnolent.
Vaughn judged the drif§; to be somewhat
similar to Indian hashish in its curious
combination of physically depressing and
mentally exhilarating qualities. But, after
all, its astonishing effects were peculiarly its
own.

  In a moment Arsenjo returned. This
time he parted the curtains and advanced
toward the audience with far less caution
than before. Senorita Dolores was still
playing, but with only the faintest of sounds
and the slowest of motions. Had she re-
sisted the full effects of the drug so far?
As Vaughn wondered, she staggered sud-
denly and would have fallen had not Senor-
ita Valdez hurried in from the hall, caught
her, and then half dragged her from the
room. At the same instant Arsenjo, his
handkerchief covering the entire lower half
of his face, discharged the drug once more
over the heads of the audience.

  Now was the moment to begin watching
the three Henners. Vaughn, discarding the
tield-glasses, fixed his gaze on the pictures.
But now there was an untoward happening
—one he might have anticipated. The
lights went out. That was his first disap-
pointed supposition when a sudden pall of
darkness blotted out the view; but in a
moment he realized they had only been
lowered—to a great extent, it was true, but
still not sufficiently to keep him in utter
ignorance of what was going on in the other
room. Of the dozen electric lights that had
been turned on, perhaps one of very low
candle-power was still burning. This one,
hidden behind the frieze, gave only the
dimmest and ghostliest of lights. Evidently
Arsenjo had familiarized himself with the
workings of the switch.

  He could easily be located by the white
handkerchief over his face. He stood mo-
tionless a moment, then went toward the
curtains. Immediately they parted and a
figure appeared. In the dimness the face
was only a pale patch, but by its relatively
short distance from the floor Vaughn judged
the newcomer to be the undersized mestizo
Miguel.

  Miguel was carrying what seemed to be
a bundle about the same size as the three

Henners would have been if wrapped to-
gether. He and his master bent over this
bundle, and, after a short parley, Arsenjo
got a chair, Miguel stepped upon it—and in
a moment Vaughn saw the big thing done!
Keeping his eyes on the three Henners, he
watched them disappear, one at a time, the
curtains showing an unbroken surface of
black; then, after a minute, the three copies
were hung in their place, Miguel doing the
job with incredible quickness.

  The originals were wrapped, then both
men disappeared behind the curtain. Arsen-
jo was absent a few minutes—long enough
to see Miguel safely out of the house. When
he came back he turned on the lights, then,
advancing, opened the door leading to the
hall, presumably to let in fresh air. He
then vanished through the doorway — for
the purpose, Vaughn guessed, of seeing if
everything was going well with Dolores and
Senorita Valdez.

  He had been gone only a few moments
when the crowd began to show unmistak-
able signs of coming out from under the in-
fluence of the drug. Dr. Durant suddenly
staggered to his feet, then, after a falsetto
laugh began to make a speech. Vaughn,
curious to hear what he had to say, opened
one of the glass doors an inch or two and
listened. Though more or less himself
again, it was plain the aged theorist had
not shaken himself entirely free of the
effects of the drug.

  “ Ladies and gentlemen! I know all of
you will agree with me that we have just •
had a taste of heaven! More than ever
am I—”

  He got no farther. At that moment
Senorita Dolores, leaning on the arm of her
father, appeared in the hall doorway, and
the crowd burst into a storm of applause
that drowned all other sounds. Dolores,
touched by this demonstration, took a step
inside the room. Her action displeased her *
father. He frowned, shook his head, then,
assuming the prerogative of a parent deal-
ing with a small child, deliberately took her
by the hand and attempted to lead her back
into the hall. This roused the young wo-
man. She broke from his grasp, then ran
to the center of the room, bowed, and began
throwing kisses to her admirers.
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

225

  This was too much for the impulsive
Bateson. He sprang to his feet.

  “ Three cheers for Senorita Dolores Ar-
senjo!” he cried, “the world’s greatest
violinist.”

  But Arsenjo, white with rage, rushed
back and interrupted him.

  “We will have no cheering. I won’t
allow it. This is not an army encampment,
a college campus, or a street corner—”

  Bateson daredevilishly cut him short.
“ Three cheers for the greatest violinist that
ever lived! One, two—”

  But he never reached “ three.” He paled
suddenly, gasped, gagged, then ran out into
the hall. Everybody gazed after him in
surprise, Dolores and Arsenjo no less than
the others. Mrs. Whymper, who looked de-
cidedly worried, turned to the host.

  “ Dr. Durant, I’m afraid Lieutenant
Bateson has been suddenly taken ill. Per-
haps you’ll go and see—”

  “ Certainly.” And the doctor hurried
out.

  Everybody was excited—disproportion-
ately so, considering the comparative in-
significance of the incident. Perhaps it was
its dramatic suddenness that had taken the
crowd’s breath away. Presently Dolores,
who had been speaking to her father in low,
vehement tones, left him in a pout and came
toward Vaughn’s covert. Immediately Ar-
senjo followed. Both were angry.

 “ You must come home,” he said.
(Vaughn could plainly hear every word).

  “ Not until I hear about Lieutenant
Bateson! ”

  Arsenjo’s magnificent brow clouded.
“ What is this man to you? Do you love
him?'’

  She gave a tantalizing little laugh. “ I
don’t know—yet. But he is really very
charming.”

  Arsenjo, forgetting himself in his rage,
seized her wrist. Vaughn, who had a full
view of his face, was astounded by its
malevolence.

  “ Dolores, I warn you never to speak to
this Lieutenant Bateson again. He is a
poverty-stricken wastrel, chronic borrower,
and breaker of women’s hearts. He is hope-
lessly in debt, and is unworthy of you, in
every way. Listen! Even if this man in
’ 4 A-S

khaki were twenty times a millionaire, with
a character above reproach, I should still in-
sist that you shun him. You shall never
marry—I have consecrated your life to art.
You are—

  But she left him abruptly and hurried
toward the hall doorway. Her quick eye
had caught sight of Dr. Durant returning.

  “ What of Lieutenant Bateson?” she
queried anxiously.

  Dr. Durant looked rather serious. “ I
found him very ill, indeed. He had been
seized with a terrible nausea. He recovered
sufficiently to take a cab home, and wished
me to say good night for him.”

  This was all Vaughn could catch of the
colloquy. Meanwhile his attention had been
attracted to Arsenjo, who, at the news of
Bateson’s illness, had given a perceptible
start, after which he had seemingly plunged
into deep thought. In a moment, flashing a
strange, half-questioning glance at Dolores,
he hurried from the room. She did not see
him leave, as she was still talking to Dr.
Durant.

  He was gone scarcely a minute. He made
a dramatic entry, rushing to Dr. Durant
and crying excitedly:

  “My daughter’s priceless Stradivarius
has been stolen!”

  Everybody began talking simultaneously.
Dolores burst into tears, declaring hyste-
rically she would never play again if her
beloved violin was not found. Dr. Durant
insisted he was willing to have every nook
and cranny of the house searched — the
servants’ quarters, even his own room. Sev-
eral of the more feather-headed of the.
guests, unconscious of the absurdity of the
thing, averred their eagerness to have their
persons searched. Then somebody (the
voice above the din sounded like Mrs.
Whymper’s) had the good sense to suggest
that maybe Senor Arsenjo was mistaken.

  “ Mistaken?” echoed Arsenjo with of-
fended dignity. “ Come with me and I’ll
show you the violin is gone.”

  Immediately the excited throng hurried
out of the room, Dolores in advance. When
the sound of their footsteps had died away
down the hall, Vaughn removed the friendly
camouflage of the books and crawled from
his covert. What an evening it had been!
226

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

And what an unexpected ending to the re-
cital! Who would have dreamed the Cre-
mona violin would rob the three Henners
of the center of the stage?

  Vaughn went the length of the room to
take a closer look at Miguel’s copies. They
were hung rather crookedly, and both
technique and color were only indifferent—
the mestizo’s growing hatred of Arsenjo was
betraying itself in his work. But, at any
rate, Henner’s name in the corner of the
canvases was not wet, as Blakelock’s had
been!

  Vaughn had stood contemplating the pic-
tures for some moments when he felt a tap
on his shoulder. He turned and looked into
the anxious, ancient face of Dr. Marcus
Aurelius Durant.

  “Thank Heaven!” gasped the old man,
“ they've all gone. The violin is still miss-
ing; but Senor Arsenjo, at my earnest en-
treaty, has promised not to put the case
into the hands of the police until I have
had a little detective work done on my own
account. Mr. Vaughn, your presence here
is providential. I want you to make a
thorough investigation — search the house
and question the servants. You’ll do this
for me?”

  Vaughn yawned. “ I dare say. But don’t
be too hopeful. The Stradivarius is not in
this house.”

  “ I’m glad to hear you say that. I've
always regarded my servants as honest—
they’ve been with me a long time.” He
gave a sudden exclamative as he gazed up
at Miguel’s three copies. “ Good gracious!
I’ve just thought— What if the thief gets
a look at my Henners! Hadn’t I better
put them in a safety-deposit vault?”

  “ You needn’t feel alarmed,” Vaughn an-
swered dryly. “ Our thief isn’t after Hen-
ners iust now. Come, take me to the room
where the violin was.”

CHAPTER VI.

“ MISS MARY JANE SMITH.”

THE room from which the Cremona
violin had disappeared, a small parlor
some distance down the hall—which
had been used as Senorita Arsenjo’s dress-

ing-room—gave Vaughn absolutely no lead.
His rather perfunctory questioning of the
servants was without result, also. This,
however, was only what he had expected;
so when he said good night to the half-
distraught doctor he exhorted him not to
despair. “ Give me a day or so,” he said,
“ and I feel confident I can trace the miss-
ing instrument.”

  Bright and early the next morning he set
McSurely to work investigating what had
happened at the senorita's recitals prior to
the one at Mrs. Whymper’s.

  “ Now, Mac, the first thing to do is to
look up the files of the newspapers and go
through the society columns. There you’ll
find mention of Senorita Arsenjo’s recitals,
which are purely society functions. New
York has been discussing the young lady
for a long time, and I figure she must have
performed on some ten or a dozen different
occasions before her appearance at Mrs.
Whymper’s. Write down the names of the
people who have had her play and bring the
list to me.”

  McSurely had not been gone five minutes
when Vaughn was surprised by a visit from
the last man in New York he had expected
to see—Senor Jose Arsenjo. The senor had
never appeared to better advantage. Smil-
ing, suave, groomed to perfection, his up-
sweep of hair showing dazzlingly white
above the surpassing brow, he surely looked
—and acted—the part of proud father to
the greatest violinist in the world.

  “ Mr. Vaughn,” he said, after introduc-
ing himself with the courtliness of an old
Andalusian grandee, “ I’ve come to you be-
cause you’re declared to be not only the
ablest but the most trustworthy detective
in New York. I remember meeting you at
Mrs. Whymper’s a short time ago. With
almost superhuman cleverness you discov-
ered that her valuable K’ang-hsi vase had
been exchanged for a fake. By the way,
have you succeeded in tracing the original?”
“ Not yet, Senor Arsenjo.”

  “ No?' Too bad. Well, I have another
mystery for you to solve. My daughter’s
thirty-thousand-dollar Cremona violin was
stolen at Dr. Durant’s last night.”

  Vaughn’s look of surprise was an artistic
simulation. “ What! How did it happen?”
THE HEAD OF ARSENJO.

227

  Arsenjo secured the detective’s promise to
take the case, then, with considerable cir-
cumlocution, detailed the circumstances in
connection with the disappearance of the
violin. He described the small parlor,
stressing the fact that it was near the de-
scending stairway, thus making egress easy;
and then he calculated the length of time
the instrument had been left unguarded in
the room. So far he had not hinted at any
suspicion of his own.

  “ I must ask you a few questions,” said
Vaughn.

  “ Proceed.”

  “ Who took the violin from the drawing-
room to the small parlor?”

  “ My daughter.”

  “ Is she in the habit of carelessly leaving
it lying about?”

  “ No. It’s too valuable an instrument.”
  “ Why did she leave it last night?”

  “ She was recalled to acknowledge a fool-
ish, belated burst of applause. It was led
by a certain Lieutenant Bateson, who in-
sisted on making himself—and her—ridicu-
lous by proposing three stupid cheers for
her a la some vulgar football rooter.” He
paused, emphasizing the next words strong-
ly. “ All this, of course, took time.”

  “ How much?”

  “ Three or four minutes. Then another
incident took still more time. Bateson be-
came suddenly ill—as we all thought. He
rushed out of the drawing-room, and Dr.
Durant followed, to offer assistance. The
doctor was absent another five minutes, and
when he came back he said Bateson had
had an attack of nausea and had gone
home. In a moment I returned to the parlor
and found—”

  “ One moment. Where was Senorita
Valdez all this time?”

  Arsenjo hesitated. “ She had gone home
immediately after the recital.”

  “ Why?”

  “ She had a maddening headache, and
declared she’d faint unless she could get out
into the fresh air. I bade her go on home
in my car, as I would call a taxicab for my
daughter and myself.”

  “ And so each of you forgot to keep an
eye upon the violin?”

  “ Exactly.”

  Vaughn smiled. “ Well, Senor Arsenjo,
I don’t think I’ll have much trouble tracing
it. The case is a very simple one. No doubt
one of Dr. Durant’s servants is the thief—”
Arsenjo fell into the trap—eagerly.
“ Never! To me the thing is clear as day.
The culprit is—Lieutenant Bateson."

  Vaughn pretended surprise. “What!
Isn’t this a rather far-fetched idea? Why
should Lieutenant Bateson descend to the
level of a common thief?”

  Arsenjo smiled derisively. “ As you
Americans put it, he needs the money. He
is heavily in debt. The violin is worth
thirty thousand dollars, at least—a respect-
able piece of booty even for an army officer!
He made his plans some time ago. He in-
troduced himself to my daughter, and then
forced himself upon us as her accompanist
at Mrs. Lorillard Foulkes’s. Later, against
my express wishes, he took her motoring.
At Dr. Durant’s, he led the applause to
recall us to the drawing-room, then feigning
nausea, took the violin and hurried away.”
And this was the basis of Arsenjo’s sus-
picions! Vaughn almost laughed aloud. A
sieve was no fuller of holes than this theory
of Bateson’s guilt.

  “ Senor Arsenjo, there are a dozen fatal
objections to your theory. How did Lieu-
tenant Bateson know Senorita Arsenjo
would respond to the belated encore? How
did he know you would return with her—
that she would leave the violin behind—
that Senorita Valdez had gone home—that
you and your daughter, after his attack of
nausea, would remain long enough in the
drawing-room to give him the opportunity
to go to the small parlor and make away
with the instrument? Besides, didn’t Dr.
Durant go to the door with him when he
left? How could Bateson have carried the
violin out without the doctor’s seeing him?”
Arsenjo smiled blandly. “ All this sounds
very convincing, Mr. Vaughn, but if you
were to find the instrument in his posses-
sion, you would admit I know what I’m
talking abouj, wouldn’t you?”

  This time Vaughn’s surprise was not
simulated. “ Do you mean to tell me Lieu-
tenant Bateson actually has the violin
now?”

  “ I’m not saying just that—I don’t want
‘228

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to spoil the zest of the search! Suppose
you investigate the thing for yourself. Call
on Lieutenant Bateson. He keeps an apart-
ment in the city, and usually, I understand,
runs up from camp for the week-ends. This
week he came yesterday—a day earlier than
usual—to be on hand at Dr. Durant’s last
night; so I have no doubt he's in town to-
day. You’ll hunt him up?”

  “ At once. Trust me, senor, to get at the
truth.”

  Arsenjo rose. “ That’s what we want.
If Bateson is innocent, he, of course, has
nothing to fear—”

  Vaughn gazed at him steadfastly. “ And
if he’s guilty—if I find the violin in his pos-
session—I am to deliver him to the police’”
Arsenjo studied a moment. But it was
rather poor acting—he had the air of a man
who had already made up his mind. “ Well,
no. Report to me first. If we get the
violin, and if he promises to cease annoying
my daughter, I may waive arrest and prose-
cution for the sake of his uniform.”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’
that you will get the continuation of

    He left his address, then, after a smiling
 good-by, took his departure.

    Ten minutes later Vaughn had his second
 surprise of the morning.

   “ Miss Mary Jane Smith wishes to see
 Mr. Vaughn,” announced the telephone girl
 in the main office.

   “ What is Miss Mary Jane Smith’s busi-
 ness?”

   “ She wishes to consult you pro-
 fessionally.”

    “ Tell her to come in.”

   The fact that a Miss Mary Jane Smith
 had called was not in itself particularly
 astonishing; nor was it any more a matter
 for wonder when Miss Mary Jane Smith
 glided into the private office dressed in
 black and heavily veiled. All kinds of
 people consulted Owen Vaughn. But when
 Miss Mary Jane Smith, at his courteous in-
 vitation to sit down, hesitated, she laughed
 softly, and then threw back her veil, reveal-
 ing the altogether lovely face of Dolores
 Arsenjo.

t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
 this story without waiting a month.

DuVernet Rabell

BORDEN clasped his hands under his
head and leaned back with a luxu-
rious sigh in his swinging Bombay

chair.

“ Please let me be lazy,” he begged.
“ Talk to me—spin me one of those fairy
tales of yours, and just let me sit here and
listen.”

Nielsene Harwich put her crystal liqueur

glass on the tray and nodded a dismissal
to the turbaned Moro who stood at her
elbow. She drew one foot in its dark blue
satin slipper up under her body, as she sat
curled on the broad seat that ran around
the edge of the balcony.

  The mango-trees were motionless in the
still night air; there was the heady scent
of some too sweet tropical flower; and from
CIRCE OR RUTH.

229

a cluster of native huts around the corner
of the square came the sound of a poignant-
ly tender voice singing a iove-song.

  “ You like me as a teller of tales?” Niel-
sene questioned in her slow, sweet voice.
“ It amuses you when I weave dreams for
you? Well, enjoy it to its fullest to-night
—for to-morrow I go back to my planta-
tion.”

  “ You are leaving "Burdanao?” Borden
asked in surprise.

  The girl nodded and raised her voice.
“ Mr. Kipp,” she called to a group of white-
clad officers who talked in low tones over
their cigarettes at the other end of the bal-
cony, “ did you not say that you expected
two of your war-ships to come in to-mor-
row?”

  “ That’s what I said,” and the speaker
rose as if to join them; but some one mur-
mured a low-voiced protest, there was a
half-smothered laugh, and he sank back
into his seat.

  “ You see?” And Nielsene turned to
Borden with a quick gesture of her hands.

  “ But I don’t see w’hy you want to leave
just now. The arrival of the ships—”

  “ So you don’t understand?” Nielsene
interrupted him. “ Why have you not been
told, I wonder. To-morrow two of your
war-ships come to the island, and at once
the wives and sisters and sweethearts fol-
low from Manila. Then I go— Oh, don’t
you understand at all? You boys all come
here when your ships are in the harbor—I
like to have you—father likes to have you.
We wish you to dine with us—it gives me
the opportunity to meet men of my own
station; and I don’t have many chances
like that now that father has settled down,
and no longer wanders from one end of the
world to the other.”

  “ But the women of the navy—don’t you
want to meet women of your own station,
too?”

  Nielsene flashed him a smile. “ Oh, no—
women, they ask too many questions, and
elevate their eyebrows too easily. They
are not content to take a girl as they find
her. And I — I will not be whispered
about and accepted on sufferance.” She
leaned forward suddenly. “ Bob, tell me—
do you know anything of me at all?”

  Borden shook his head, troubled dark
eyes on her face. “ I wish you wouldn’t
talk like this, Nielsene; I don’t want to
know—”

  “ Why?” she questioned, looking at him
out of intent blue eyes. “ Why—do you
not care enough to be interested? Of all
the men who come here, Leonard Kipp,
Mr. Jackson—young Hanson—I thought
you were most my friend. And yet you
are content to let me drift into your life
and out again; to know nothing of me at
all.”

  Borden caught her hand. “ That isn’t so.
I do like you—you know I do—but you
don’t know how much. Oh, Nielsene—”
His voice deepened with growing ardor, but
the girl checked him swiftly.

  “ Just a moment, Bob. I want to talk
to-night—oh, I know I always talk!—but
to-night I am going to talk about myselfj
Let me, please.”

  “Let you! Why, Nielsene, don’t you
know that I want to hear anything you
want to tell me. I have wondered about
you—how such a girl as you, beautiful,
talented, clever, could be content to spend
her days on this little island in a corner
of the tropics, with nothing nearer civili-
zation than Manila—and when you’ve said
that you haven’t said much.”

  “ But I haven’t always lived here—just
these last two years. I was educated in
the best schools in Europe, and during my
vacations father took me everywhere—•
London, Paris, St. Petersburg, and Vienna.
I was young and, I dare say, none too dis-
criminating, and I drank life in deep drafts.
It was enough for me if the people I knew
were interesting, amusing — although even
now, when I am more worldly wise, I laugh
at pretensions about position, class distinc-
tion. I get that from my mother, I think.
She was great enough to make her own so-
cial laws, and to know the people who
pleased her.”

  “ Do you remember your mother, Niel-
sene?”

  “ No—not at all. She left the island
soon after I was born. She was unhappy
here. Father met her in Manila, you know
—long ago, years before the Americans
came. She was a beautiful Danish dancer,
230

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

so beautiful and of such charm that men
fell down and worshiped at her feet when-
ever they looked upon her. But she loved
father best of all; and they were married,
and he built a wonderful place in the in-
terior of the island here, and brought her
home, a bride.

  '• But her spirit died, and her heart cried
out for lost gaieties. As she had danced
into my father’s life, so she danced out
again. But she left me here with him, so
that he would always remember that she
had loved him. Poor father, he must have
suffered dreadfully.” She paused a mo-
ment. “ Father is odd. you know. He
doesn’t belong out here at all.”

  Borden nodded. “ I’ve often thought
that. He told me once that he came from
New England—how on earth did he ever
drift to this part of the world?”

  ' “ Oh, he listened to siren voices, and fol-
lowed the will-o’-the-wisp, looking for the
answer to the big riddle. But he never
found it. And he is still seeking, although
his wanderings are over: his adventures are
now between the pages of great books. I
liked the other way best. Except when
there come war-ships to the harbor, I am
very bored.”

  “ Why don’t you travel? Surely you
have plenty of friends who would be glad
to have you with them.”

  “ No, I would not leave father. The
only reason I will ever leave him will be
because I have learned to love some other
man so well that 1 cannot live without him
•—that I will have to follow him wherever
he may go.”

  Borden drew a deep breath. “ Will you
ever care like that, Nielsene?”

  The girl clasped her slender, long-fingered
hand about her knee and stared into the
black shadow of the mango-tree. “ As to
that,” she was beginning, when there was
the sound of chairs being pushed back from
the other end of the balcony.

  “ Going now,” Kipp sang out of the
darkness. “ Come along, Bob.”

“ Will you let me come out into the
country to see you?” Borden asked eagerly,
as he said good-by. “ 1 want to—I must!”
The light from the room beyond fell
across the sleek blond braids of the girl’s

hair, and lit up her sea-blue eyes. “ You
want to — you must,” she repeated mock-
ingly, although there was a hint of some-
thing softer in her voice. Then she lifted
her beautiful bare shoulder. “ I will see—
if I find the days contain too many hours
without you, I will send for you. No—no,
I will not promise.”

  Borden walked ahead down the street
toward the bay with a laughing group of
the younger men. while Leonard Kipp and
Tom Jackson fell behind. Kipp was pro-
testing irritably.

  “ 1 don’t see why you take that tone
with me,” he was saying. “ It’s not up to
me in the first place—and, anyhow, if Bob
Borden sees fit to lose his head over this
pretty siren of the tropics, I, for one, think
the experience will do him good.”

  “ Still,” Jackson maintained, “ I think
you should have warned him.”

  “ What about—and how? Is there any-
thing definite about Nielsene Harwich? Of
course there isn’t. I’ll admit that she isn’t—
Of course, her father—their position— Oh,
hang it all! Bob isn’t serious, you know.

  “And what's a flirtation? It’s the ex-
pected thing.

  “ And Nielsene Harwich is lovely enough
to be a temptation to any man! To begin
with, she’s a golden blonde in a country of
dusky women—I think that is what first
sent Bob off his head. That wonderful
golden fairness of hers; that white skin
with the rose of the northern countries in
her cheeks, and the cold blue of the north
in her eyes—that, and her angular slim-
ness, when you’ve been fed up on black-
eyed women who are all dumpy curves and
undulating hips!”

  Jackson shrugged and stopped to light a
cigar. “All right: you’ve been Borden’s
chum since your academy days—you ought
to know. But I tell you, Leonard, Bob
Borden is a man of dreams: he’s an ideal-
ist—a man of his sort takes love deep into
his soul.”

  “ I can't see that his soul is concerned
with this at all." was all the satisfaction he
got from Kipp.

  But romance moves with winged feet in
the tropics, and men will cling to that old
creed of theirs; that a man must go his own
CIRCE OR RUTH.

231

way in an affair of the heart; so that while
his fellow officers were by no means blind
to the state of Borden's infatuation for
Nielsene Harwich, none of them were ready
to be the ftsst to man the life-boat.

  Three days after the war-ships had
dropped anchor in the little harbor of Bur-
danao, when the one street of the tiny town
was bright with the light dresses of the
women who had followed their ships from
Manila, Borden received a note from Niel-
sene. She said he could come out to the
plantation if he cared to.

  And he cared to. In the three days she
had been away he had not been able to get
her face out of his mind, and the sound of
her voice, with its thousand minor cadences,
out of his ears. He wanted to see her, to
have her laugh at him as she so often did,
to watch her idly swinging in her deep
chair, her slim, white hands folded in her
lap, and in her deep blue eyes the mystery
of dreams.

  He knew now that he loved her. and that
when he went into the interior to see her,
after a wonderful evening of her laughter,
her songs, and her intoxicating companion-
ship, he would tell her so, and ask her to
marry him. But first he would have two
or three golden hours.

  Then a streak that was very predominant
in Borden asserted itself. Back in the old
Annapolis days—and they were not so far
back, after all—Borden had captained his
football team. The men used to laugh at
him, argue, and finally shrug and accept
the fact that Borden always tackled the
hardest struggle first; the team that would
give them the biggest battle was played as
early in the season as Borden could man-
age.

  “Get it over,”'he used to say, “and
then you know where you stand.”

  And this is the way he came to feel about
Nielsene. He had no way of knowing
whether the girl cared for him or not—but
he had to find out as soon as he could, even
if he lost forever such few hours she had
been granting him, and drew a black mist
of misery over the rest of his stay on the
island.

  Nielsene was waiting for him the night
he went out to see her. She rose from her

chair at the edge of the wide veranda that
overlooked a garden full of heavily scented
flowers, with both hands outstretched.

  “ You see,” she said softly, “ the days
proved by actual count to contain more
than their allotted number of hours.”

  Before he left her that evening Borden
asked her the question that had been in
his heart for days. He looked about the
luxurious room in which they sat drinking
their black coffee.

  “ I haven’t much to offer you, dear.” he
sighed. Then he took her two hands, and
pressed them to his lips. “ But I love you
—very dearly.”

  Nielsene slipped forward in her low chair
and dropped to her knees at his feet. She
released her slim, white hands and clasped
them about his neck, drawing his face down
to hers.

  “ But you love me?” she demanded, her
blue eyes searching his. “ You love me—
there will never be anybody, or anything,
but me in your life?”

  Borden’s arms folded about her.
“ Never! With a love like mine, everything
but you would be crowded out.”

  She seemed content with this. Presently
she raised her head. “ You must love me,
like that, oh dearest, because my love is
like that—and I could never exchange a big
love for a little love. I must be all to you.”
“ And are you not all ? Look right at
me, and tell me you do not know that.”
But, instead, she laughed softly. “ I
know, I know—I think I have always
known.”

  “ Always?”

  “ Yes—from the first moment my eyes
met yours. At that moment I wanted you
—you will never know how much—and I
made up my mind to have you.” She
laughed with one of her quick transitions
of mood. “ Bob, boy of mine, you never
had a chance from the first.”

  Man, the conqueror, was not so well
pleased at this. “ Could you be so sure?”
“ All my life I have known men,” Niel-
sene told him — “ the best and worst of
them. Many have loved me—many have
wanted me—”

  Borden placed a protesting finger on her
soft lips. “ Don’t talk so—I don’t like it.”
232

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The girl sank back ,on her heels and
looked up into his face with wide blue eyes.
“ But why? If I had not seen love in all
phases, under all circumstances, how could
I know I love you the way I do?” She let
him take her in his arms again. “ Let me
tell you just how much you are loved—oh,
caro mio.”

  And of course at this Borden’s protest
died away, and his heart leaped to the
sound of her vibrant, caressing voice, as
sweet and as full of love as that of the
nightingale’s, singing outside the window.

  Borden’s new-found joy was too deep to
keep to himself. Jackson had the deck at
the hour of his return, and he told him at
once of his great luck, and demanded con-
gratulations.

   Jackson gave them to the best of his abil-
ity, and an hour later he knocked at the
door of Kipp’s room. He seated himself on
the edge of the bunk and regarded his
friend with a malevolent, I-told-you-so ex-
pression.

  “ What’s your trouble?” Kipp inquired,
throwing aside a battered magazine which
he had been reading.

  “ You are an authority on love, aren’t
you?” Jackson demanded dryly. “ When it
comes to knowing the signs of the tender
passion, going and coming—when it comes
to judging the real things for the pastime—
you are in a class by yourself. Humph!
Did you ever notice that it is always the
expert swimmer who gets drowned?”

  “ I’ve noticed that the tropics don’t
agree with you,” Kipp retorted at once,
“ and that if you want to save a vestige
of what you are pleased to call your brain,
you had better apply for leave.”

  Jackson dropped his levity. His news
•was important enough to stand without
rhetorical dressing: “ Bob Borden is en-
gaged to Nielsene Harwich!”

  Kipp glanced quickly at his friend.
“ How do you know?”

    He told me so.”

  “ Good night!” Then, after a sober mo-
ment: “ Now, what are we going to do?”
Jackson rose and laughed shortly. “ The
time has passed to do anything but make
the best of it.”

  “ I guess you’re right.” Kipp shook his

head regretfully. Then suddenly he chuck-
led. “ I am thinking of the day when Bob
presents Nielsene, barbarously beautiful,
and with the manner of a Sultan’s favorite,
to the wives of his fellow officers.”.

   “ Yes, 'and it’s the one thing that has to
be done—it ought to be done at once, too.
I’ll have Molly ask her in to tea or some-
thing— she’ll hate it; but Molly is wise,
and the thing will be managed as well as it
can be managed.”

  But, in spite of good management, much
tact, and the best will in the world, the af-
ternoon Nielsene came in from the country
in her rickshaw, with its gaily liveried run-
ners, was an awful occasion. A spirit of
impish mischief seemed to possess the girl.
To begin with, there was her gown. It was
of blue—the blue of gleaming frost—and
the illusion was helped out by unexpected
bits of crystal glittering here and there in
its folds. It was elaborately lovely—but
scarcely the thing to wear to a simple af-
ternoon tea in the tropics.

  Against the background of a modern,
luxurious drawing-room in Paris, or possi-
bly Budapest, it would have been wonder-
fully effective; here it was merely startling.
And her manners! Nielsene laughed now
and then, a sweet, drawling laughter, with
no particle of warmth in it: but she didn’t
trouble herself to say more than fifty words
during the whole afternoon.

  The women looked her over, talked
among themselves, shook their heads—but
decided to be nice to her. for Borden’s sake.
And instead, they found the girl Bob Bor-
den was going to marry being nice to them.
That is, when she saw them—which was as
seldom as she could manage. She ex-
plained sweetly to Borden that she didn’t
care much for women. She could think of
nothing to talk to them about, and she ab-
solutely refused to drink tea with them and
listen to the traditions of the navy of the
country she was going to marry into. She
didn’t understand much about the ways of
the service, and her lack of understanding
didn’t seem to trouble her any.

  “ Of course, I love Bob’s country,” she
drawled to the amused captain of the flag-
ship—“ it has such a pretty flag.”

  Borden remonstrated with her—oh, very
CIRCE OR RUTH.

233

gently and tenderly—and forthwith she put
her two soft ar'ms about his neck, and with
her lips almost on his, invented new love
names for him until he forgot there was a
world outside her arms.

  But things couldn’t go on like this. A
man’s life-work and his love could not be
at such utter variance and not bring dis-
aster somewhere.

  One day Nielsene sent for Borden, and
when he entered the long, dimly lit drawing-
room, he found her in a mood of wild ex-
citement.

  “Something wonderful has happened!”
she exclaimed. “ I’ve been waiting, watch-
ing, and hoping—and now it comes—the
way out of everything.”

  “ The way out?” Bob’s voice was full
of astonishment.

  “ Yes. Did I ever speak of a friend by
the name of Deauvan—no, I don’t suppose
I ever did. Well, no matter. He’s a man
we have known always—a coffee planter.
He came to-day, and we have talked for
hours!”

  “ Yes?” There was quick jealousy in
Borden’s eyes, but the girl was too intent
upon her theme to notice.

  “ He has bought a plantation in Mexico,
and is going to build a railroad of his own
to transport his coffee to the coast. Well?”
she asked impatiently. “ Don’t you see?
Oh, Bob, you are going to build his rail-
road! I told him all about you, your work
in the navy, and he says you are the man
he wants. We can be married at once and
go with him—”

  Borden interrupted her with gentle firm-
ness. “ But, dear, what on earth are you
saying? It’s kind of him to offer this to me
—although, of course, he did it for you—
but naturally the whole thing is out of the
question.”

  “ Out of the question? But why—what
do you mean?”

  “ Why, Nielsene, don’t you see? I’m
not a free-lance engineer. I’m in the ser-
vice—”

  “ Oh, that! You will resign, of course.”

  Borden looked at her and grew slowly
pale. “ Resign my commission! Nielsene,
do you realize what you are saying?”

  “ Certainly 1 do! It’s a way out of

everything. Why, Bob, you don’t think
for a minute, do you, that I ever had any
intention of permitting you to waste your-
self by remaining in the service; and as for
myself, I hate everything about it. I
wouldn’t be the wife of a man in the navy
for anything in the world. The long sepa-
rations—rushing about into all sorts of im-
possible places to meet the ships— Oh, I
couldn’t stand it! ”

  “But, dear, you knew all of this—
Surely we care enough about each other—”
He kissed her with sudden anxiety. “ Niel-
sene, I don’t know you in this mood.”

  The girl released herself. “ You say we
care,” she repeated slowly. “ I hope you
do—and I know I do. I care enough to
make something of you. Why, Bob, you
will be a big man in your profession. I
know it—I feel it—and rich! The salary
that Deauvan offers is princely. And you
will go on—”

  “ No, I will not go on,” Borden inter-
rupted firmly, “ because I will never start.
Now, Nielsene, let’s talk this thing right
out.”

  The girl looked at him smilingly. “ Very
well—but you talk.”

  Borden disregarded her light tone. He
went on to tell Nielsene just what the ser-
vice of his country meant to him. that
whatever he came to be was due to her
teachings. He had received his instruction
at his government’s expense, for his govern-
ment, and what he had learned belonged to
the service, and could not be used to fur-
ther his own ambitions. He finished by
saying resolutely that nothing would induce
him to resign his commission—nothing.

  Nielsene only laughed when he finished.
But there was a metallic ring in her laugh-
ter.

  “ What a child you are,” she said coolly;
“ and, like a child, you do not consider the
future, and can see nothing but your own
point of view. And you say you love me!
And you told me that I was all in all to
you, and that nothing should ever come
between us.

  “ I am going to tell you something,
Bob,” she continued, her eyes becoming
grave—“something that nobody knows who
has seen the luxury that surrounds us, the
234	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ease of our lives. Things have not gone so
well for us since father buried himself in
his books—investments have proved unfor-
tunate—there have been two heavy losses—
altogether, it is serious. At any time a
crash may come—and then what? So you
see what this offer really means to you and
me? It is nothing that we can consider at
all, discussing whether we will accept it, or
whether we will not accept it. It is some-
thing we grasp at once—and offer thanks
to the god of luck that it came our way.
It means money, sure money, at once—”

  “ Nielsene, money is not everything. As
my wife, whether or no you have money,
your position will be the same—”

  “ Position! Child’s prattle! The only
position I want in this world is the posi-
tion that money will give me—that is real
position. And I mean to marry a man
who can build me a throne of gold—and
hold it for me!”

  “ Gold! Now, Nielsene, it is you who
talk like a child! What is gold that—”

  “ The jingle of gold is the national an-
them of the world!”

  “ What a fanciful maker of phrases you
are, dear! And you listen to them, and
convince yourself you are very wise.”
Nielsene looked at him speculatively for
a long moment. Then swiftly she leaned
toward him and placed one cool hand on
his cheek.

  “ We run in a circle, oh dearest! Sup-
pose you go now—back to your ship, and
shut yourself up in that tiny, stuffy cabin
of yours— I pray you may not bake, this
smothering night! I fear I have put this
thing stupidly. But when you are face to
face with it yourself—when that clear
brain of yours takes hold of it—pouf! All
these fancies of the dreamer will float away
into the nowhere, like gray mists of the
morning before the wind of the dawn. No
—no—no! Not another word—please me,
oh dearest.”

  Borden rose. He was still pale, and
there was the shadow of great trouble in
his dark eyes. “ I’ll go, of course—but it
won’t change things; it can’t, Nielsene.”
She laid her soft cheek against his, but
her eyes were as hard and cold as bits of
driving sleet.

f

   “ ‘ La nuit porte conseil,’ ” she quoted,
“ and to-morrow is my name day. You
will have dinner—here on the balcony—
with me alone. We will be so happy—
and there will be soft candles and iced
cakes, and chilled things to eat and drink.
We will sit together afterward, and I will
be sweet to you — ah, how sweet! —and
Rodriguez will sing to us love-songs—-and
we will watch the moon swinging in the
sky, and be very quiet, so that in between
the music we may hear the ripple of the
sea along the beach.”

  “ You draw a picture that goes to my
head.”

  “ Yes? Good night, dear. And while
you are making up that so clever mind of
yours, you will think of that picture?”

  Borden held her hands and smiled down
into her eyes. “ Dear, I wouldn’t dare.”

  Borden walked slowly down the narrow
street to his ship; but, strangely enough,
the proposition that Nielsene had made
that night, the offer she had given him, was
the farthest thing from his thoughts. He
had never considered it from the moment
she advanced it, and there was no possible
chance of his ever considering it.

  But not for a moment did he doubt his
ability to make Nielsene see the question
from his point of view, and it was mainly
this that kept his thoughts busy all that
night and the day following. He would
take her in his arms after their dinner and,
to the music of Rodriguez’s song, tell her
that she must put this impossible dream
away forever — and he would masterfully
kiss away all her protestations.

   Then he shook his head. “ No, I’ll have
to get it over the first thing,” he said. “ 1
have to know where we stand. If I can’t
make her see—” He shut his eyes. He
dared not consider this contingency.

   Nielsene, in a marvelous creation of gray
chiffon, gray like the waves of the sea un-
der a storm-cloud, and with a sash of blue
as deep and vivid as her eyes wrapped
about her slim hips, met him at the edge
of the balcony.

  For a long moment he held her in his
arms. And he found all his fine words had
deserted him, all his convincing arguments
—and he was afraid.
CIRCE OR RUTH.

235

  “ It’s no use,” he said quickly; “ I’ve
got to tell you now—I can’t wait; it would
not be fair. Nielsene, I can't take that
offer. I belong to the service.” And he
didn’t try to hold her when she withdrew
slowly from his embrace.

  She looked at the table spread with its
fine linen and glittering crystal; her eyes
rose to where the moon cast a shadow of
dusky red through the thick foliage of the
mangoes; she lifted her head, with its regal
crown of golden braids, and listened to the
sound of a guitar and a plaintive voice that
came from below the balcony, not really
singing as yet, only a fugitive note of ex-
quisite sweetness now and then, as if the
singer’s heart was too full of music to be
silent. Then she laughed, throwing back
her head, her slim throat pulsating with her
mirth. But there was no music in her
laughter, and when she spoke her voice held
the ring of steel on stone.

  “ I am amused—at myself,” she ex-
plained with the ominous calm, the chill,
of a frozen river creeping to the sea in her
voice. She placed her slim hand on the
edge of the cloth, with its heavy embroid-
ered lilies; she caressed their petals with
her long fingers, on one of which gleamed
a sapphire, a magnificent stone, as deep and
blue—and as coldly glittering—as her eyes.
“ I was thinking,” she continued, “ how
great a fool every woman is when, this mad-
ness we call love sweeps over her. It is
only a sickness of the heart, after all; yet
everything goes down before it—her reason,
her calm, her power of thought. And she
never knows the man for whom she cher-
ished this delirium until she marries him—
and then it is too late. Well ”—she raised
her head and drew a slow, deep breath—
“ I thank whatever gods I have that I
knew before it was too late.”

  “ Nielsene!” Borden could hardly frame
the words; his lips were stiff, and his heart
was pounding until it threatened to smother
him.

  “ Do not think that I am reproaching
you. I am not. You are you—and I gave
my heart to the man I thought Avas you.
I made him myself—out of my own imag-
ination—and surely I could not hold you to
blame for that! So now”—she held out

her hand, cool and smooth, without a sign
of tremor in it — “ we come to the day
when all things are clear, when my eyes are
opened; we arrive at the forks of life’s
highway—our roads divide. Good-by.”
And to Borden, at that moment, came
the revelation that all arguments, all ex-
planations, even the soft words of lovers,
would all be quite useless. Nielsene’s words
seemed to crush his soul beneath an icy
weight.

  Two days later Leonard Kipp met Niel-
sene and a distinguished gentleman of for-
eign appearance on the deck of the mail-
boat, just leaving for Manila. She nodded
and stopped him with a smile.

  “ I want to say good-by, Mr. Kipp,” she
said, shifting her crimson parasol to the
other shoulder and extending her hand.
“ And—have you met my husband, M.
Deauvan?”

  When Kipp got out to his ship with all
possible speed, he forced Borden to open
the door of his room—after he had
knocked for almost five minutes. But at
sight of Borden’s face, everything he had
planned to say passed completely out of his
mind.

  “ I know you mean this kindly, Leon-
ard,” Borden said, speaking with difficulty
and staring out of the port-hole, “ but I
don’t want to talk about it—I can’t.”

  Kipp sat down on the narrow bunk, and
put his arm about his friend’s shoulder.

  “ You don’t need to talk, old chap,” he
said gently. “ I’ll attend to that, and you
just sit and let me go on babbling, even
though you don’t believe a word I say. You
are going through a pretty tough time, but
remember this—you will go through. Wo-
men, mostly, are devils, but some merciful
saint whispered in the Almighty’s ear when
He was making men—to put some ingre-
dient in us that would help us forget the
hellish things they do to us. And,” he
added thoughtfully, “ I am not so sure that
you really loved Nielsene—”

  “Leonard!” Borden interrupted harshly.
“ Oh, all right. I was just going to say,”
Kipp persisted stubbornly, “ if it was mere-
ly infatuation—well, let it go at that. I
suppose one is as hard to get over as the
other.”
236

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Borden turned and faced his friend.
iThere was death in his eyes. “ I am going
to tell you something about it—and finish
5t up forever.” In quick, jerky sentences,
ill formed, and often incoherent, he told of
his break with Nielsene Harwich, and as
much as he knew of her subsequent mar-
riage.

  “ You’re well rid of her,” Kipp growled
savagely, as he finished. I’ll bet she mar-
ried that fat little French coffee planter just
for spite!”

  This had a startling effect on Borden.
“ God! You don’t think that, do you,
Leonard?”

   “ It would be just like her.”

  “ But— Oh, I don’t dare believe it!
To condemn herself to years—to marry—
Poor Nielsene! And the blame is all
mine!”

  “Nothing of the kind!” Kipp denied,
alarm in his voice. “ And you don’t need
to waste any sympathy on Nielsene Har-
wich—her kind don’t need any. She’s a
cold-blooded, money-mad, heartless woman,
and if anybody is going to suffer, you can
bet it won’t be Nielsene!” He rose. “ Now,
you get right busy and concentrate every
ounce of your brain and will to putting
this behind you.”

  Borden still stared into space. “ You
don’t know Nielsene,” he said. “ I think I
do—I love her, you see. That hardness,
that glitter—it was all on the surface.
Underneath, the real Nielsene was capable
of great things. And I let her do this thing
•—I let her stifle forever the best in her. I
should either have done as she wanted me
to or have made her listen to me. Why
did I leave her like that? There must
have been some way. There was every-
thing wonderful in Nielsene’s soul, and 1
couldn’t reach it! If I had only married
her—”

  “ I wish to God you had!” Kipp burst
out. “ In six months you would have
known Nielsene thoroughly, and have been
utterly sick of what you knew. And then
when the break came—as, of course, it
would be bound to come—you would have
been free, free absolutely. Now you will be
held by a dream of what might have been;
you will feel you never knew—that there

was a nobility in that girl that she never
possessed. Nobility! She doesn’t under-
stand it when she runs into it!”

  “You’re wrong — absolutely wrong.
When I held her in my arms—well, there
were moments—”

  “Moments!” Kipp interrupted grimly.
“ Yes, there would be—with a girl like
Nielsene. But you can take it as truth
from me that these moments had little to
do with the nobility of what you are
pleased to call Nielsene’s soul!”

  Two years went by, and the men who
knew and loved Bob Borden told each other
that he was forgetting Nielsene Harwich.
Apparently he was the same except perhaps
he was a bit more silent, was given more
to hours of dreaming by himself. From
time to time he heard of Nielsene, every-
body did who followed the politics of a cer-
tain turbulent South American republic.

  She had fallen into far deeper scandals
than belonged to her Philippine days. She
had long since left Deauvan; nobody knew
whether he had divorced her or not. She
had gone to Nicaragua, and dabbled in the
troubled political waters of that unruly
country. Her name was mentioned in two
definite scandals and hinted at in half a
dozen others. Her jewels were famous, and
the greatest artist in Europe had painted
her portrait. If these tales of the girl he
had hoped to marry affected Bordon, no-
body knew it.

  It was almost two years after Borden’s
disastrous affair with Nielsene Harwich—
which Leonard Kipp always declared could
have been far more disastrous than it was
—that he had an attack of typhoid fever,
and, on his recovery, left his ship in Boston,
and returned to his home on a two-months
leave. Bordon came from a small town up
in New Hampshire, and he hadn’t been
back since he graduated from Annapolis.
As he stepped from the train at the neat
little station and looked about him he
could scarcely realize it had been that long,
for nothing was changed.

  It was June and the rambler roses were
in bloom, creeping over the hedges, and
piling in rosy falls of pink and crimson over
the gates and prim white picket fences;
CIRCE OR RUTH.

237

the sky was blue, and there was the clean,
healing breath of the pines sweeping down
from the mountains.

  Everybody was glad to see Borden; the
town put aside its chill reserve and wel-
comed him whole-heartedly. And Borden
was glad of their welcome, glad to be home
again. He slept like a top in the old four-
poster bed under the patchwork quilt, and
demanded doughnuts and currant pie. and
the molasses cake that his mother was
famous for. He tramped out into the
country where the bobbing hill was, and
he rowed on the lake where he had hunted
water-lilies and learned to swim.

  One day when returning with his mother
from a visit to an aunt who lived on the
edge of town they met a girl who stopped
with a smile that was vaguely familiar.

  She was a little thing, with a mass of
dark curls about her odd little three-cor-
nered face, and soft, gray eyes that danced
mischievously when she saw that Borden
did not recognize her.

  “ Oh, don’t, tell him,” she begged his
mother. “ We used to fight dreadfully
when we were little—”

  “ But Bob is a better boy now,” his
mother smiled. “ It’s Ruth Lavery,” she
went on to explain to Borden. “ You must
remember her.”

  Borden took Ruth’s two hands and held
her off for a better view. “ Certainly I re-
member her: she was the worst little tor-
ment on the block. She used to wear a
plaid dress with very stick-out skirts,
which she used to flirt around the corners
after she had made a face at you: her
sunbonnet was always white, and always
hanging down her back.”

  Ruth regarded him gravely, although a
dimple danced in and out of her left cheek.
“ I was like that, exactly. And." she con-
tinued severely. “ as to being a torment—
who used to snatch my books away from
me on the way from school? Who used to
throw snowballs at me and put black ants
on my arms at the picnics—and told Cora
Merril that I was too little to ask to her
candy pull? I always held that against
you.” Her eyes fell on her two hands still
clasped in his, and she laughed as she re-
leased them.

  She turned and walked up the street with
them. When they came to the house Mrs.
Borden insisted that she come up on the
porch and talk to Bob while she got supper;;
but Ruth laughingly said she cooked much'
better than she talked,- and walked right
out into the kitchen. Here Borden was in-
itiated into’ the intricacies of making bak-
ing-powder biscuits and ham omelet.

  Later, when Ruth said good-by at her
gate she laughed up into Borden’s face.
“ Your mother was right,” she said; “ you
are a better boy now; a much better boy."

  •• Well, I can’t return the compliment.”
Borden answered, “ because you were al-
ways—”

  “ Don’t say I was nice,” Ruth warned
him, “ because I wasn’t. I used to make
your life a burden, and you must have
hated me. But," she explained brightly,
“ I was too young to know any better.”

  Borden smiled down at her, his eyes
sparkling with amusement. “ And now
time has remedied your youth,” he said.

  As the days went on Borden saw more
and more of little Ruth Lavery. And,
strangely enough, she brought back to his
mind the thought of Nielsene Harwich.
But now he found that he regarded Niel-
sene from an entirely different angle. Ruth
was cool, clear water to the thirsty, after
surfeits of too sweet champagne: she was
the tenderest song of the thrush after the
shrilly arresting notes of the mocking-bird.

  Is the love of a man always like a pendu-
lum, I wonder: does it always swing from
one extreme to the other?

  Something deep in Borden’s soul stirred
at the light in Ruth’s gray eyes; they were
the eyes a man could tell things to, eyes
that would be kind—and understand. And
his heart that he felt empty of the power
to care for another woman awoke to the
dawning of a different, a deeper love.

  The wedding was beautiful. The church
was decorated with balsam and the pink
and lavender blossoms of the hydrangea,
and the bride, in her floating tulle dress,
walked from the church* under the high
crossed swords of Borden’s jubilant fellow
officers.

  There was a brief honeymoon spent at
the edge of the Canadian wilderness, and
238

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

then Borden rejoined his ship, a different
man—the old Bob Borden. But instead of
the dreams that were always, in the old
years, just back of his eyes, was a better
thing; the clear, shining light of ambition,
ambition to do great things for the girl he
had married; the girl who had slipped her
small hand in his and taught him to laugh
again.

  He was as happy as he thought a man
could be. He looked forward to Ruth’s
letters; he read and reread them, treasuring
them carefully. He counted the days to
their brief meetings and lived them over
again, those precious hours, during his soli-
tary watches at sea. He dreamed of a fine,
manly little son. Oh, heaven was born
again for Bob Borden.

  And then, one night in the tropics, he
came upon Leonard Kipp and Tom Jackson
sitting over their cigars in a corner of the
deck, and the first words he caught halted
his footsteps as if they had rooted his feet
in the deck. He listened with no thoughts
of intrusion, too whirled on his own tossing
feelings to realize the shame of eavesdrop-
ping.

  “ Well, of course, I knew her at once;
she is the old Nielsene-Harwich,” Kipp was
saying. “ And beautiful—ye gods, Jack-
son, she’s a vision! Cold, calm, and state-
ly; but with that old hint of hidden fires
as dangerously close as ever. And she
hardly waited to get her greeting over be-
fore she asked about Bob—everything
about him; where he was, how he was—she
fairly bombarded me with questions.”

  “ You told her of his marriage, of course,
What did she say?”

  “ She laughed, Jackson; and such a
laugh! Like the crackling of frost on a
still, cold night! Then she placed her long,
white fingers on my arm, and fixed those
bright, cold, blue eyes on mine.

  “ 1 Do you believe,’ she asked, ‘ that
dead loves ever rise from their graves?’ I
could have cursed her to her face!”

  Jackson laughed shortly. “ You must
have felt like the wedding guest when the
Ancient Mariner got hold of him.”

  “ I laughed at her,” Kipp declared, “'and
I said:

  “ 11 believe, Nielsene, that there is noth-

ing so dead to a man as a dead love; that
no matter what the call, he never comes
back! ’ ”

  “ I hope that held her for a while,”
Jackson said.

  Kipp rose and stretched his arms above
his head. “ I would have been all right,
only I happened to be lying about what I
believed. And some day,” he continued
impressively, “*that sleek-haired siren will
meet Bob Borden. And she will hold out
her arms to him and call him: ‘ Come back
to me.’ Do you remember Nielsene’s voice
at all, Jackson? It was the call of the wild,
all right; and then some!”

  And Borden turned without a sound and
went down to his room. Every nerve in his
body was tingling and he felt oddly shaken.
Why should he? He hated himself for it.
He sat down on the edge of his bunk and
tried to face squarely this absurd feeling.
But instead, when he closed his eyes, a
picture of Nielsene floated out of the mist
and smiled into his eyes. He snatched up
his cap and returned to the deck; he must
get away from himself, find some one to
talk to!

  Well, from that night, a thought which
at first could have been no more than a
faint wisp of mist floating out of the past,
began to take hold of Borden. Imaginative
people’s thoughts may soon become obses-
sions, and it was so with Borden. Had he
not forgotten Nielsene Harwich? Was she
not buried deep—past all resurrection?
How could a memory of a love that was
dead—as dead as if it had never been—
haunt him? Why should he fear? He
didn’t fearBut above his desperate de-
nial rippled the mocking notes of Nielsene’s
laughter, and always she said: ‘ Come back
—to me.’ ”

  Ordinarily, Borden’s emotions were as
shut up in his heart as the houses in his
home town behind their trim, white picket
fences; but things finally came to such a
pass with him that one night he confided
his troubles to Leonard Kipp. He told him
that he had heard his conversation with
Jackson on the deck a month ago; and then
tried to discuss sanely and dispassionately
its effects on him.

  Kipp determinedly made light of it.
CIRCE OR RUTH.

239

“ You’re overworked,” he declared, “ and
you worried too much about Ruth when she
was sick last spring and you couldn’t go to
her. Your nerves are shot to pieces. Your
imagination took hold of this thing, and
now you’re deliberately scaring yourself to
death.”

  “ Deliberately? Do you think a man de-
liberately tortures himself as I have been
tortured these last weeks?”

  “ Oh, that’s the trouble with you men
who dream; you are slaves to your imagin-
ings! Stop thinking about the whole thing.
You’re like a man who’s had yellow fever,
worrying himself sick about whether he’s
immune or not when he’s caught in an epi-
demic. That part of your life is over and
done with. As far as you are concerned,
Nielsene Harwich is dead.”

  Borden shook his head. “ But she is not
dead. And we are both wanderers. And
lately I feel as if I am going to meet her
again.”

  “ Oh, forget it!” Kipp stared curiously
at his friend. “ Are you that afraid?”

  The knuckles on Borden’s hand whitened
as he held the rail. “ You didn’t know
Nielsene. She was like some cursed witch-
flower whose perfume will never leave the
thing it has touched.”

  “ Bob,” Kipp said sternly, “ does it ever
occur to you that you are in no position to
be raving like this? It isn’t—square. Your
bark is anchored in the home harbor. You
no longer have the freedom of the seas.
All this ”—he hesitated—“ all this is rot-
ten of you.”

  Borden pulled himself together. “ Of
course it is,” he agreed, after a moment, in
a calmer voice. “ I guess you are right—
my nerves are playing tricks with me.” Pie
smiled and held out his hand. “ I’m
steadier now, old chap, and—thank you.”
But Kipp looked after him anxiously as
he walked down the deck. Then his eyes
swept the little harbor of Palancia. “ The
world is so small,” he mused. “ Well,” he
added with a shrug, “ I hope if Bob ever
does meet Nielsene, he will have sense
enough to go while the going is good, and
not wait for the fireworks. But it would
be just like him to face it.”

  And later he told Jackson that he wished

he had asked for shore leave and gone
ashore with Bob. No, there was no reason.
Then he wondered aloud if presentments
were merely an old wives’ tale.

  Borden was turning away from the desk
at the hotel when he saw Nielsene. She
had risen from a small, marble-topped
table near the door, and was coming swiftly
toward him; evidently she had been watch-
ing him for some time. She was dressed
from head to foot in the whites of the
tropics, some sheer stuff, heavily em-
broidered, that hugged her silken ankles,
and almost concealed the square, ivory
buckles on her white slippers; under the
wide, flaring brim of her lace hat her bright
hair lay in shining folds against her white,
white neck.

  She held out both her white, slender
hands. They were bare of rings except for
a magnificent sapphire on the little finger
of her right hand. It was square cut and
flashing with blue fire.

  “ Bob!” she exclaimed. “ I am glad to
see you—and so surprised. When did you
get in?”

  This morning.” Borden took her hand,
and stood looking down at her. Kipp had
been right. Time’s finger had touched
Nielsene Harwich but to caress her—her
Philippine days might have been yesterday.

  “ And you stay—how long?” Nielsene’s
voice was friendly, but only that. There
was no Circe’s song in its cool depths; only
the pleasure of one who meets an old and
valued friend.

  “ I don’t know how long we will stay,”
Bob answered. We came in to coal.”

“ Oh, yes; I remember now. I was talk-
ing to the governor general this morning,
and he said that you would be here a week.
Then—why, I will see you-—many times!”
“ I don’t know—my duties—”

  Nielsene nodded with swift comprehen-
sion. “ Yes, I know; and then, too, there
have been so many things planned for you.
I expected to leave the city to-day—the
heat, you know. So ”—she held out her
hand—“ it seems to be, ‘ I greet you—and
we part!’ That’s an old Danish folk-song.
I used to sing it in the dead days; do you
remember?”

  Borden nodded. “ Yes, I remember. It
240

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

■—was a beautiful song,” he added thought-
fully.

  Nielsene clasped her hands over the gold
handle of her parasol. “ Do you know,
now that I have met you, I don’t want to
leave; there is so much to say—”

  Borden suddenly fixed his dark eyes on
hers. “ What is there to say, Nielsene, be-
tween you and me?”

  Nielsene’s lashes fluttered down over her
blue eyes. “ You are right,” she sighed.
“ What is there to say—between you and
me?” And her voice was as sweet as honey
dripping from a rock.

  Suddenly she smiled, one of those aston-
ishingly fascinating transitions of hers.
“ Come,” she begged, “ I go out of your
life—perhaps to-morrow—and you, too, are
but a bird on the wing. What can it mat-
ter, one brief hour?” She leaned forward
and talked rapidly: “ It’s a wonderful
place,” she finished, “ perched high up on
the rocks, miles above the city, like the nest
of an eagle. We can dine there, and watch
the lights flare up in the city like stars in
an earthly sky. Afterward—good-by! A
long good-by, a real one—a good-by that
means forever. What do you say—yes?”

  “ I am sorry, but it’s impossible.” And
Borden had said good-by, and was half-way
down the veranda of the hotel when some-
thing within him made him pause. Why
did he run away? Wasn’t it better to face
this thing now—to get it over with—and
know once and for all ‘Whether he was a
mean-spirited thing who depended upon
flight to keep him out of danger; or a free
man, free to come and go as he liked, with
no shadow of memory, the dream or the
reality, to mock his security? He turned
and deliberately retraced his steps. Niel-
sene was standing where he had left her;
she might almost have been waiting for
him.

  “ You have changed your mind,” she
said at once. “ You will go; I am so glad!
Now, I wonder if you can find my car out
there? It’s bright blue with a silver run-
ning gear.”

  Borden found the car, a small, showy
thing, but with a powerful engine; and
slowly they climbed the steep hill that rose
behind the city, to the little cafe that hung

over the bay, and seemed to laugh mock-
ingly at the waves that dashed against the
rocks hundreds of feet below.

  Nielsene sat opposite him, and, resting
her chin on her interlaced fingers, regarded
him out of deep blue eyes.

  “ You have changed,” she announced at
last; “ but the change is a good one—and I
like you so. There is more purpose in your
eyes, the set of your mouth is stronger, al-
though your smile is the same; but you
don’t smile so often. Tell me ”—she leaned
forward, lifting her blue eyes to his—“ do
you find me changed?”

  Borden regarded her long and steadily.
His eyes took in every feature of her face;
the broad, low brow with the sweep of
warm, golden hair above it; the wide eyes,
as deep and as richly blue as the sapphire
on her finger; the finely chiseled nose, and
the soft-lipped, red mouth, with its insolent-
ly curved upper lip. The woman watched
him intently, fearlessly lifting her beautiful
face to his.

  “ No, you have not changed—at all,”
Borden said at last. “ You are still beauti-
ful. Do you know, Nielsene,” he added
reflectively, “ I don’t think I ever saw a
woman as flawlessly lovely as you are.”
Nielsene nodded. “ I am like my mother,
and perfect fair women are rare. And we
do not change—women like me. For years
we are the same; our eyes are bright; our
lips still retain the color and texture of
youth; our bodies remain young and sup-
ple. But then—pouf! Like that, all in a
breath it is gone, back to where it came
from.”

  “ Still the fanciful fashioner of phrases,
aren’t you, Nielsene?” Borden smiled,
watching her intently through his cigarette-
smoke.

  “ And you do not like it? Time was
when you called it dream-weaving—fairy
tales that you loved to listen to.”

  Borden laughed lightly. “ Of course I
like it. It adds piquancy to what you say,
and few women possess the gift. But I in-
terrupted you; where does all this witching
beauty go?”

  “ To the regions of the inferno—need I
tell you that?” she added daringly; she
swayed forward and touched his hand fleet-
CIRCE OR RUTH.

241

ingly with the tips of her slim, cool fingers.
“ We are the devil’s daughters—women like
me. Father always said that—exotic
flowers of the nether world. We blow and
bend to the wind of Fate; we are lovely to
look upon, but fatal to touch; and calamity
falls upon those who breathe too deep of
our perfume. My father was something of
a poet, you know, and often talked great
nonsense; but often, too, there was truth
in what he said. We are passion flowers, he
said, and we live on love.”

   Borden gave her a brief glance and
 turned away. “ And would you call it—
 love?”

    Nielsene’s eyes deepened and became full
  of the soft mystery that lies in the heart of
  a moonstone. She waited, white hands
  clasped in front of her, until Borden’s eyes
  returned to her.

    “ And you?” she questioned meaningly.
 “ You loved me—once. What would you
 call it?”

    There was a long moment of silence, in
 which the booming of the surf on the rocks
 below came faintly to their ears.

   Borden looked at the woman opposite
 thoughtfully; he shook his head. “ I don’t
 know, Nielsene,” he said after a moment.

    “ I have called myself many things in my
  time,” Nielsene said, infinite weariness in
  her voice, “ but never until to-night have I
  called myself a fool!” She leaned forward
  until the perfumed lace on her sleeve fell
  across his wrist. “ Oh, why—why did I
  ever let you go?”

    “ Why will you women persist in delving
  into the past with useless questionings?”
  Fie lifted his shoulder restlessly. “ Is it
  ever wise?”

    “ And when was I ever wise?” Nielsene
 "'questioned mockingly. Then she abruptly
 pressed her fingers to her temples. “ When
 I think of what I had—and what I lost!
 And I did love you—yes, I did; although
 afterward—” She checked herself with an
 impatient gesture, and the ring on her finger
 flashed blue fire. “ Do you know, Bob,
 that in the life of every woman like me
 there is one good man. You are that man
 with me. But I was so young when you
 came. The dreams you brought me were
 beyond my understanding, and I tore your

     5	A-S

ideals with careless fingers.” She stopped
and spread her hands with their white,
tapering fingers upon the dark cloth of his
uniform-sleeve. “ They are pretty hands,
are they not? Soft and white; and they
look as if they might be gentle. If you had
kept them fast in yours, Bob, who knows?
There might have been different writing
concerning Nielsene Harwich in the big
book. I wonder—do you?”

  He did not answer her. Why was he si-
lent? On this question hung the end of
things for Bob Borden—or the beginning.

  “ Do you never think of me?” Nielsene
persisted, her fingers closing upon his arm
—“ never?”

  Borden was still silent. His cigarette
had gone out in his fingers, and his eyes
were fixed on the harbor lights.

  “ Bob, listen to me.” Nielsene smoked
furiously for a moment, and then tossed
her cigarette, with its outlandish-looking
crest, over the railing. “ Some time—fight
it off as long and as hard as you like—but
some time the memory of me is coming
back to you. When a woman loves a man
as I love you; when she thinks of him,
dreams of him; when her thoughts travel
the wide world to find him ”—she bent for-
ward swiftly and pressed one hand on each
side of his face so that he must look at her
—“ some time, I say, they will find him.
You need not look at me. Are you afraid
of my eyes, I wonder? You may keep your
gaze fixed on the riding lights of your ship
down there, with a smile on your lips; but
I know the truth of what I am saying.

  “ I was your first love—I mean to be
your last! I won’t let you forget me.

  “ Other •fromen—another woman—may
possess you for a while, but deep down in
your soul you know, the best of you, your
youth, belongs to me. And your heart will
grow hungry for the fulfilment of our
dream. Bury the memory deep, if you
will, but you cannot bury it so deep that it
will not rise some day and come seeking
me.”

  Somewhere down on the steep slopes that
lay between them and the city was a strag-
gling native settlement. Here and there
the lights of the huts could be seen set like
jewels in the black velvet darkness. A wo-
242

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

man began to sing down there, softly, but
with now and then a sweetly crooning note
that floated up through the silence of the
tropical night.

  “ A love song,” Nielsene sighed.

  But Borden shook his head. " Even I
know better than that, and I do not under-
stand the words of her song. But it is the
same as a hundred others that are being
sung at this hour, just after sunset, by wo-
men of every creed and color in the world.
It is a lullaby—and I can hear its echo in
my own home, a thousand miles away.”

  “ And what of me?” There was almost
a sob in Nielsene’s voice.

  Borden laughed into her eyes. “ You
will go on as you always have—what is one
man to you? Even should he give up
everything in life that counts—faith, honor,
and decency—to follow you to the end of
the world, it would only mean to you that
another victim had listened to your song.
You see, Circe, I know you better—now.”
He nodded as the blue eyes flashed into his.
“ Oh, yes, you are still beautiful, your voice
is still full of music, and you still talk with
a charm that is quite your own. But to me
—you have lost your poetry. I could not
love you—if I would.”

  " And my dreams—they mean nothing to
you, then?”

  Borden carefully extinguished the glow-
ing end of his cigarette. “ Nielsene,” he
said gently, “ don't delude yourself with
impossible dreams; they are dangerous
things, dreams. They dutch you with fan-
tom fingers of unreality, and sometimes it
takes months of suffering before you can
free yourself—convince yourself that they
were but ghosts that you conjured up in
your own mind of something that never
was.” He stopped and breathed deep of
the cool night air. V I know. But to-
night—ah, to-night I set my sails to the
sky and laugh that they ever held me at
all!”

  For a moment Nielsene looked at him,
her blue eyes wide and her slim, white
hands clasped tightly across the lace of her
gown. Then she bowed her head and
laughed lightly.

  “ Good-by. I give you leave to go.”

  “ You are not coming?” Borden asked in
surprise.

  “ No.” She pointed to the horizon
where the moon was rising. “ I'll sit here
and try to pierce the veil of Thanet.”

  At the head of the stairs Borden turned.
He clicked his heels sharply together and
lifted his white cap high above his head.

  “ Good-bv, Nielsene—and good hunt-
ing!”

V

V

V

 tr

 - E 1 G

BY DIXIE WILLSON

I’VE heard folks call the age of eight
A “ tender age.” Well, gee,

I ain't no sage,

But that’s an age

That seems darn tough to me!

A guy can't go out any place
But what he's got to wash his face!
He can't stay up for fun at nights—
He gets his pants tore if he fights—
And if they think that ain’t enough
His mother’s slipper makes him tough.

Eight may be “ tender ” for a saint—
But for human guys like me—it ain't!
Author ol

The Master Fraud,

Toop, Third-Trick Op,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

THE GIRL WITH THE HOE.

lLICE stopped hoeing, rested on the
hoe, and wiped beads of perspira-
tion from her forehead.

  “ Whee, it’s hot!” she said.

  It was hot. Though the sun was slipping
toward the west, its rays still beat down on
a dry earth as if they fiercely desired to
wither all vegetation. There was no breath
of air stirring. The corn which Alice stood
among was so still that it seemed as if it
would never rustle pleasantly again.

  “ However,” said Alice, “ I’ve stirred up
what there was.”

  What she had stirred up was not a breeze,
but the earth’s moisture lying beneath the
crust which the heat had baked hard.
Alice was a pretty good farmerette, and
she knew that when there is no rain you
must keep the old hoe busy if your crops
are not to die. So, for three weeks, she had
resorted to capillar}' attraction to save her
plants.

  It was not a big garden in which she
stood, but it was a very well 'tended one.
The rows of corn and potatoes and cab-
bages and tomatoes were straight, and if
there had been a weed among them, Alice
would doubtless have got out a warrant
for it.

  Alice didn’t have to make a garden. In
fact Alice—or so she believed—didn’t have
to do anything that she didn’t want to do.
Her father, dying a few months before, had
left her more money than she could have

squandered in a eon or so. But the year
before, while the war was at its crisis, she
had, with many another young woman of
wealth and refinement, gone to the country
to help out the hard-pressed farmers.

  There she had learned the rudiments of
farming. She had found that growing
things had a fascination for her. So the
next winter she studied soils and fertilizers,
methods of cultivation, all the what-to-
grow-and-how-to-grow-it literature that she
could lay her hands on—and when your
purse is deep and never empty, you can lay
your hands on almost anything. So this
year, in a plot in the rear of her suburban
home, she was a farmer in her own right.

  In the country she had learned that dig-
ging in the soil has any tonic beaten a
whole section. She ate and slept, as she
said, like a horse. The phrase was not hers.
She had picked it up in the country,
though the farmers should have known that
a horse is not an especially good sleeper,
and that he can very easily overeat. How-
ever Alice had never felt so fit, so that a
bit of misplaced language made no differ-
ence.

  She had learned another thing, and that
was that air and wind will produce a beauty
which shames cosmetics. She had always
been a pretty girl, slender, graceful, dark—
the usual thing in brunette good looks.
But the first night she had togged herself
out in her customary habiliments, on her
return home, she had stood in front of her
glass and stared at her reflection.

  “ By gosh,” she had said, reverting again

*43
244

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to rural idiom, “ there is something to me
now. There is certainly something to me.”

  Certainly there was something “ to ” her,
and she was not referring to avoirdupois.
It was an olive face which looked out from
the glass—a face whose cheeks flamed from
sun and wind. Her lips were scarlet. Even
her nose seemed to be more shapely. But it
was the eyes which at last held Alice. They
were bigger. She was sure of that, and she
was right. Alice hadn’t an ounce of super-
fluous flesh on her anywhere. The face,
which had been plump before, was now
thin, with the thinness of sweet health.
Thus the eyes were larger. And bright!
They shone and sparkled in the light from
above the dressing-table. Alice had fled
from their gaze in a moment, because, she
confessed, she was afraid she might get to
thinking too well of herself. But she
hummed as she went down-stairs.

  The verdict of the glass was made unani-
mous by the men she knew, and they would
have made an army corps. Before she had
farmeretted, she had been popular, as any
wealthy, pretty girl can’t help being. But
it was a mild sort of popularity. Men
danced with her and paid her compliments
quite in the ordinary way.

  But she soon found herself the storm-
center of many desires. She had been pro-
posed to many times, but mildly. She was
too keen not to know that these languid
swains wanted her a little, perhaps, and her
money a whole lot. Now, however, she
couldn’t escape being aware that men were
ready to fight for her. For the first time in
her life she was looking into men’s souls,
where the elemental things were stored.
More than once she had quietly lifted her
eyes to refuse a man, and had been shaken
by the passion which she had seen in his
eyes.

  And she soon realized that if ever the
right man came along, be he rich or poor,
she would respond to him with a tempest of
emotion of her own. She did everything
harder than she had ever done it before,
and if she came to love at last, she would,
as she insisted upon phrasing it. treat it
lightly for the time being, love at high
speed.

  The man had come in the person of one

Henry Matteson. He was a lawyer—a
rising young lawyer, so people said. Alice
saw him four times. After that he might
have been a lawyer or a bribe-taker. It
would have been all one to Alice. She
would have married him if he had come
clothed in rags on his wedding morn.

  Fate was kind, however, and the good
fairies were on guard. Matteson was every-
thing he should have been, except that, as a
usual thing, he was a little shy of cash.

  “ Get it soon,” he said. “ Used the bit
I had to acquire a legal education. Costly
business nowadays.”

  He dropped his pronouns because he had
proposed just a moment before, and his
heart was pounding so that speech was
difficult. But Alice had seen that he wished
her to understand his financial situation.

  “ Nothing like that matters,” she had
said; and she might not have said it if she
had never been a farmerette, if she had
never been energized by the outdoors.

  “ You mean—” he asked.

   “ Yes,” said Alice.

  And so, as Alice stood in her garden at
five o’clock on this afternoon, she was an
engaged young woman. It was because she
was an engaged young woman that she had
stopped hoeing. When you are clad in
overalls, with a blue handkerchief round
your neck and a battered straw hat on your
head and you are barefooted just to feel the
earth on your feet and your sweetheart is
due at half past five—

  “ Whee,” said Alice now, “ I’ll have to
hustle! If he ever saw me like this, he’d
get a divorce before he married me.”

  Matteson had been in a dangerous condi-
tion all along. It is probable that if he had
seen Alice like that, with smudges on her
cheeks, but with lips gleaming and eyes
shining, he would have expired immediate-
ly. He must have known that so glorious a
creature was not for him.

  Alice ran to the house, hoe in hand. She
stood the hoe against the side porch and
went into the kitchen. The old colored
cook knew that something flew past her,
and she guessed it was Alice. In the din-
ing-room Alice almost upset the house-
keeper. But the housekeeper was a good
sort and didn’t mind.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

245

 Alice reached the bottom of the stairs,
 still going strong. She was half-way up
 when her maid appeared at the top.

 “ Bath ready?” Alice asked.

 The maid did not speak. At the top of
 the stairs Alice stopped abruptly. She had
 not abandoned all her old habits, and she
 did not care for maids who did not reply,
 maids who just stood and stared at you as
 if something were the matter.

 “ What is it?” Alice asked frigidly.

 “ There is a man in the library waiting
 to see you,” the maid said, then.

 “ Good gracious,” said Alice, “ he’s
 ahead of time.”

 “ It isn’t Mr. Matteson, miss,” the maid
 said. “ It’s a strange man—a very strange
 man.”

 Alice’s nerves were so steady now that
 you couldn’t startle her or scare h'fcr easily.

 “ What’s strange about him?” she asked
 with her acquired directness.

 “ His eyes,” the maid answered simply.

 “ What do-you mean by that?”

 “ They’re so dark, and so bright, and
 shine so-^wicked eyes, miss.”

 “ He asked to see me?” Alice asked.

 “ Yes, miss.”

 “ I suppose I shall have to see him,”
 Alice said. “ Go down and tell him I’ll give
 him just a moment—in about twenty min-
 utes.”

 “ He said that he was to see you as soon
 as you came in.”

 “ Where did you say I was?”

 “ I said you were out. I didn’t like his
 looks.”

 “ What was his manner? Was he in-
 solent?”

 “ Polite, but—ah—stubborn, miss.”

“ Stubborn? What do you mean by
that? Surely you didn’t argue with him?”
“Oh, no. Why, I mean that he seemed
to be used to having his own way, and he
said he was to see you the minute you
came in.”

 Alice saw that if she interrogated the
 maid any further, the latter would only go
 over the same ground. Alice supposed the
 man had frightened the girl by his abrupt-
 ness. Well, she said, he had his nerve.
 But no! She mustn’t talk like that. The
 slang of the corn-field and the potato-patch,

 which she used only to herself, but which
 had amused her vastly when she had
 listened to it the year before, sufficed, per-
 haps, in its place. This was a situation
 which demanded dignity. She’d go down
 to meet the man.

  We never know how far-reaching our ex-
periences are. Alice thought she under-
stood perfectly how she had been benefited
by her life in the open, but she only guessed
at the benefit. Her memory was no longer
than that of most people.

  As she retraced her steps down the stairs,
it did not occur to her that a year ago she
would have waited for Matteson’s arrival,
and have had Matteson deal with the in-
truder. She had come now to a point
which, by subconscious decision, she
handled her own emergencies. She’d see
just what the gentleman meant by assum-
ing that he could dictate the time at which
he could meet her. She had little time, but
if he were not too obtuse, she might con-
vince him that he could only request and
not demand an audience with her.

  In a moment she stood in the door of the
library. A man was seated by a table mid-
way of the room. She had arrived sound-
lessly, but he perceived at once that she was
there. For a moment Alice had forgotten
her workaday costume, but the stranger ap-
peared to find nothing grotesque in it. In-
deed, he seemed not to be interested in it
at all.

  He rose with slow grace.

  Alice saw a man six feet tall. He was
not slender, precisely, but there was no sug-
gestion of largeness about him in any par-
ticular. The word “ compact ” flashed
through Alice’s mind. She had a fleeting
notion that he was heavily muscled. -Prob-
ably he was very strong.

  And then she noticed his eyes. They
were very dark and brilliant, but they were
not uncertain eyes, as are some dark, bril-
liant eyes. They fixed themselves on her
face unwaveringly. Alice had a curious
sense that he did not wink at all. The
eyelids seemed rigid.

  And then the girl did a curious thing.
She said in a little, hushed voice:

  “ You’re a foreigner, are you not?”

  The man smiled. It was not a cynical
246

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

smile, nor was it quite mirthless. But it
was cold, icily cold. And it was a thing of
the lips alone. It did not change the im-
passiveness of the face nor lend itself in the
slightest degree to the eyes.

  The man seemed to become a little more
erect. The smile faded as swiftly as if he
controlled it by an electric switch. He
bowed.

  “ You wished to see me, didn’t you?”
Alice asked.

  She had put out a groping hand, and the
hand now found the door-casing. Alice
steadied herself with the contact. Again
the man bowed.

  “ Will you tell me your business?"

  The man spoke abruptly then, but his
voice was low and soft:

  “ I come to tell you that you are not to
marry Mr. Matteson.”

  Again the girl put a curious question:

  *' What is your nationality?”

  “ I only wish to say that you will not
marry him.”

  “ And you—are you—” the girl faltered.
“ And that is all,” the man said. " I will
bid you good afternoon.”

  He took up his hat, which had been lying
on the table beside him, and moved toward
the door, blocked by the girl. She took
two quick steps forward and two sidewise
so that he might pass without coming near-
er to her than necessary.

  He passed her, paused. Now his tone
was deferential:

“ You will accompany me to the door.”
He passed into the hall and the girl fol-
lowed him into it and along it. At the
outer door, which opened on a screened
porch, he stopped.

  “ I have left my card on the library
table,” he said.

  He opened the door quickly, bowed low,
passed through the door, crossed the porch,
opened the screen door, and descended the
steps. The girl stood looking after him, to
ascertain whether he would look back. He
did not. He climbed into a car which
stood at the end of the drive, and sped
away in it.

  The girl cast an apprehensive glance over
her shoulder. No one was in sight.

  Site fairly ran to the library and through

the library door. She slammed the door
shut and leaned against it. The color had
gone out of her face now. It was still dark
from her tan, but lifeless. Her long lashes
drooped over her eyes. She shivered.

  She stood thus for five minutes. Then
she lifted her head and listened. Matteson
must be almost due. She had to get her
ordeal over with before he arrived. He
must not see her in this condition, but she
could not command herself till she had
looked at the stranger’s “ card.” She quot-
ed the word in her mind. She knew it was
not an oblong of pasteboard which lay there
on the table.

  In her subliminal mind she knew that she
was giving thanks for the new, glad strength
which had blessed her. But with all her
conscious mind she was using that strength
to raise herself to an erect position. Even
when she had gained that, she could not
see what her staring eyes sought. A pile of
magazines intervened. She brought herself
to the very tips of her toes, but with no
better success. She took a forward step.

  The sense of movement banished her
hesitation. She sprang to the table.

  The card lay there in full view. She
snatched it up as if it had been a living
thing which menaced her, and flung it from
her across the room.

  Then she felt herself slipping toward the
rug. She caught at the edge of the table.
A scream rose to her lips. But before she
articulated the scream, she slipped into
blackness.

CHAPTER II.

MISSING.

HENRY MATTESON was a man well
blessed by the fates. He had abun-
dant health—11 had never been ill a
minute in his life,” he said. His desires
were normal, as great a blessing as can
come to any man. For booze he had no
use—didn’t care for it, according to his
own statement. He wanted a competence,
a home, a wife, children. He had the will-
ingness to work for the competence and the
brains to carry him to it without exhaust-
ing effort.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

247

  He was not a handsome man, but he had
a strong, frank face, good eyes, and a chin
that was square beneath a full, firm mouth.
He said he was as sound as a nut, and to
himself admitted that he would take on any
man he had ever met—if he had to.

  Till he had met Alice Wendell he had
gone straight along doing the things which
he wanted to do, and getting the results he
wanted to get. He was kind and courteous
without effusion. Men liked him, and he
liked men, if they played square with him.
He himself always played square to the best
of his ability.

  He admired good women, and had been
moved by one or two. But he had never
been sufficiently hard hit till he had met
Alice. Then, characteristically, he did not
stop to consider that he was poor and she
was rich. He might never be rich, but he
would have his competence. He supposed
that any good woman who loved a man
would be satisfied with that. In which he
was quite right.

  As a rule he was a very punctual man,
and he was annoyed this hot afternoon as
he speeded his car toward Alice’s suburban
home. His car was not much of a car. It
had apparently never had a good home, and
it made its owner safe from prosecution on
a charge of breaking the speed laws.

  Just now he was urging it and coaxing it
to its utmost, but the poor thing could do
no more than it could do; and at last he
just settled back and let it take its course,
getting, as he always tried to, as much out
of the things to be seen as he could.

  As a lover will, he had overestimated his
tardiness. When he stopped in the drive
alongside Alice’s house he was twenty-one
minutes late. The exact computation was
his own.

  “ That’s bad enough.” he told himself as
he hopped down, “ but it might be worse.
Guess Alice ’11 forgive me this once.”

  It never occurred to him that he might
shield himself behind any one of the auto-
driver’s subterfuges. He’d just tell her
right out that he had remained in the office
on the off chance that a possible client
might drop in. He’d gamble that she’d not
ask him if he preferred the company of a
possible client to her own. They under-

°tood each other, those two young people,
and got along finely together, as they both
agreed.

  He rang the door-bell confidently, and he
was not taken at all aback when the maid
said that Miss Wendell was engaged in the
library. He said he would just sit down
out there on the porch.

  The maid moved to retreat. Matteson,
being a very observant young man, saw her
start and pause. She stared into the drive.

  “ Well,” she said, “ thank Gawd he’s
gone!”

  As a rule she was a rather well-trained
maid. In ordinary circumstances she would
have cut off her right hand before she would
have permitted Mr. Matteson to hear her
use such language. But when you’ve been
thrown off your balance, and then have a
sudden and unexpected emotion of relief,
you’re likely to say almost anything.

  Matteson noted the tone. He sensed im-
mediately that there was an unusual situa-
tion here. Any unusual situation in Alice’s
house was something for him to step right
into.

  “ What’s the matter?” he asked. " What
do you mean? Who’s gone?”

  The maid was confused because of what
she had said. Her training dropped from
her as if it had been a loose garment. She
flushed and avoided Matteson’s direct gaze.

  “ I’ll tell Miss Wendell you’re here, sir,”
she said. “ I’ll tell her right away.”

  “ Of course!” said Matteson, for he dis-
liked to press questions on Alice’s maid.

  The girl fled. Matteson stood in front
of the screen door, waiting. He had no
notion that anything serious had happened.
At worst, Alice might have been annoyed.
In that case he wanted to see her at once.
He would promptly and efficiently take1 care
of anybody who annoyed her. He flexed
the muscles of his right arm with a sense of
his ability to do that.

  And then there was a woman’s scream
within the house. Whatever Alice had
been, the maid was not inarticulate when it
came to sounding a vocal tocsin.

  The screen was still echoing when Mat-
teson tore open the screen door and burst
through it.

  “ Where are you?” he cried.
248

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The maid staggered through the door of
the library. Matteson ran to her, steadied
her to a chair with one hand, let her slip
into the chair, and sprang to the library
door.

  On the floor by the table Alice lay
supine, motionless. At first Matteson
thought she was dead. With his blood
turned to ice he wavered over to her and
dropped beside her on his knees. He
touched her cheek and found it warm. Her
pulse beat regularly beneath the finger he
laid upon it at her wrist.

  “ Thank God!” he breathed.

  He gathered her up in his arms and sat
down in a chair which stood behind him.
He held her as he might have held a child.
He murmured endearing names softly,
quietly, so that when she wakened he would
communicate no new alarm to her.

   For several long minutes she did not stir.
She just lay in his arms and breathed
through parted lips. Then her eyelids
seemed to shiver. Her lips quivered. She
took a deeper breath.

   “ I—I threw it into the sea,” she said.

  Her words were distinct, but no more.
She added:

  “ That should have been the end of it.
That should have been the end of it.”

  Then she opened her eyes.

  Matteson forced a smile to lips which
were somewhat unsteady.

  “ Did you faint, honey?” he asked.

  For ten seconds she regarded him with
eyes in whose depths terror lay. Then she
relaxed against him.

  “ Henry,” she whispered, “ give me a
minute here. It’s so real.”

  Love flamed in him, but he would not
take advantage of her.

  “ Sure,” he smiled. “ Take your time.
These infernally hot days are likely to put
a person out just like this. Worked in your
garden too long. Toppled over, I see.”

  Alice began to cry, a rain of tears, and
he let the rain fall. He knew that, no mat-
ter what had happened, tears were the best
for her.

  At last she stirred and he let her slip
from his arms to her feet, and then, holding
her, rose and put her into the chair he had
occupied.

  “ Want anything, dear?” he asked.
“ Glass of water?”

  She nodded with closed eyes. He went
to the door without sign of haste, but
quickly.

  “ Glass of water,” he told the maid.

  He spoke in his usual tone, but he
caught the girl up with his eyes, and so in-
formed her that she must forget her non-
sense and be about her business. The look
appeared to steady the girl. She rose and
in a moment was back with the water.
Matteson knelt beside Alice and held the
glass to her lips.

  “ Now I’ll send the maid in,” he said,
still with his warm smile. “ Then you must
rest a while. Just rest! Don’t think a
thought about old me. I’ll be kicking
about the place somewhere when you want
me. Maybe I’ll have a look at the lil ol’
garden.”

  Some color had come back to Alice’s
cheeks she rose. She saw that Matteson
was going about the business of restoring
her, to the exclusion of everything else. He
let no curiosity interfere with this. He
offered the excuse of hot weather if she
wished to take it. She might take it, and
that would be an end of the matter, except
that he would be a little tenderer than usual
with her, if that were possible.

  She looked into his eyes, and then she
suddenly threw her arms about his neck
and kissed him as she had never kissed him
before.

  “ You’re the finest man beneath the sun,
Henry Matteson,” she said.

  Still Matteson would not take her off her
guard.

  “ That’s what everybody says,” he
laughed. “ Run along now, and rest!
You’re getting stronger every second.”

  “ You’ll wait for me,” she whispered.

  “ Till the stars grow cold,” he assured
her.

  Whatever her trouble was, his love en-
veloped her. It was that love which was
strengthening her. Unquestioning loyalty
might save a sinner or ennoble a saint. She
was neither. She was only a very human
girl, and it might have been that she drew
more from his affection than either sinner
or saint would have drawn.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

249

  At any rate, after a long, loving scrutiny
of him, which he withstood smilingly, she
withdrew, and there was no uncertainty in
her movements.

  Matteson went out on the porch, sat
down, and lit a cigarette. The sun had
set by now, and there was a suggestion of
breeze from the direction of the lake. But
there was no coolness in it. It was merely
the hot breathing of the dying day.

  When he had smoked his cigarette, Mat-
teson got up and went down on the lawn.
He walked about there for a few minutes
and then he wandered back to Alice’s gar-
den. The corn had lifted its many heads
as if it sought the vagrant breeze, and there
was a faint rustle among them.

  If Matteson had been a different sort of
man, that whispering of the corn might
have been symbolical to him. But there
were no whispers in his mind. He trusted
the woman he loved!

  But he wondered about the man whom
the maid had spoken of. His keen brain
sought a connection between Alice’s faint-
ing spell and the man’s visit. The man
must certainly have done something, or the
maid would not have “ thanked God ” that
he had gone.

  Matteson thought of Alice’s father.
There had been rumors about him before
his death. He’d been a queer combination.
Matteson recalled. Or at least people had
seid he had been a queer combination. Mat-
teson had paid little attention to the talk.
As a lawyer, he knew that most men—and
most women, for that matter—are queer
combinations.

  Wendell had made his own money, but
he was not the typical self-made American.
People said that in some ways he had an
astonishing education, which he had dug
out of books for himself. He had been ‘n-
terested in Indian lore — or was it Hin-
dustan? Matteson couldn’t remember.

  There had been a story about a trip
which he and Alice had taken to some East-
ern country. He had come back from that
trip ill and broken. His death had followed
shortly after his arrival home. He seemed
to have a leaning toward mystic things—
had a “ bug ” on them. Matteson had sup-
posed. But again, there was nothing

strange in that. Most very practical men
had bugs on something or other.

  Well, in her own good time Alice would
tell him about all those things, if their tell-
ing was worth while.

  He returned to the porch. The maid
came out with a tray of sandwiches and
cold tea. Matteson ate all the sandwiches
and drank all the tea.

  He lit another cigarette and leaned back
in his chair. The stars were out now, and
the full moon was edging up above a pur-
ple velvet band in the east. The world
was silvered over. In a tree near Matteson
an owl uttered its tremulous evening cry,
and far back of the house a whippoorwill
began to snap out its mandate.

  Some time, before long, said Matteson to
himself, Alice and he would be sitting to-
gether like this, man and wife. She’d be
sitting by him there, all in white, dim,
ethereal.

  And then, quite wonderfully to him, she
was there, all in white, with flowers at her
waist—silly, old-fashioned flowers that she
had grown herself.

  He stood up, and she came into his arms
with lifted face. But the lips which his
own touched were cold.

  “ Did you rest?” he asked.

  She slipped down into a chair behind her.
He leaned over her.

  “ I couldn’t rest,” she answered.

  An indefinable terror struck at Matte-
son’s heart then. Something was the mat-
ter. The last time he had been with her,
she had been warm, palpitant, buoyant with
health. Now she was cold, subdued, seemed
ill. He felt the same gentle consideration
for her which he had felt before, but he
had to know something.

  “ Dear,” he said, “ tell me what you can.
As I arrived this afternoon, the maid
thanked God that a man had gone. Who
was the man?”

  “ Just keep on as you were this after-
noon,” she beseeched him.

  He knelt beside her, and his arms en-
circled her.

  “ You know how it is with me,” he said.
“ I’d ask no questions except for one
thing: you might need help. If you didn’t
care to tell me anything in the way of en-
250

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

lightenment, you might just tell me what
to do.”

  “ You can’t do anything,” she said.

  “ You mean no one can?”

  “ Of course!”

  “ You know my questions aren’t idle.
What caused you to faint?”

  She did not answer, as he had paved the
way for her to answer, that the heat had
been the cause. She sat mute.

  An echo of what he had pondered in the
garden came to him, as sharply as that far
bird uttered its whipping cry.

  “ Was it something concerning vour fa-
ther?”

  She shivered in his arms. For a while,
still, she did not speak. Then she said
abruptly:

  “ Don’t ask me about my father, dear.
I saw him changed from a robust man to
a wreck almost overnight. I saw him die.”

  He, too, became silent. She was suffer-
ing, and he was helpless. He was helpless,
in spite of the fact that he would have died
for her, fought in her defense till he gasped
out his last breath.

  “ You’ll just have to trust me,” she said.

  “ Oh, trust you!” he breathed.

  She would go no further, and he could
not urge her on. He rose and drew a chair
to her side. He put his arm about her, and
her head fell wearily to his shoulder.

  “ I am tired,” she said at last. “ I’ll
try again to rest, to sleep if I can.”

  He left her regretfully, holding her hands
in his and letting them slip from his slow-
ly. He stood bareheaded while she went
into the house.

  He went down to the old car and drove
noisily away. When he thought the sound
must have died from her hearing, he ran
the car to the roadside and stopped. He
descended from it and made his way back
to the house. There was a big row of trees
on the opposite side of the road, and he
sat down in the shadow of one of these.

  His conscience hurt him. He felt as if
he were spying on her, and yet what could
he do? A strange man had visited her.
She had fainted. He had a growing feel-
ing that a danger ‘which was not quite tan-
gible threatened her. The thing to do was
to make it tangible, at whatever cost.

  Undoubtedly it was a matter which con-
cerned her father. She might be trying to
protcct his name. She had no right to sacri-
fice herself in an effort to do that. Oh,
he’d give a good deal to get his hands on
the man who had visited her. He’d get at
the bottom of the thing then'. You bet!

  He sat there under the tree for a long
time. The big house was dark. No light
showed anywhere. He thought every one
must have gone to bed. He didn’t know
what to do.

  And then he saw two dim figures coming
down the drive. He could not distinguish
their features, but he made out that one
was a man and one a woman. He rose.

  There was no throb of jealousy in his
soul. He was not afraid that Alice was
clandestinely meeting some one for any evil
purpose. His only thought w-as that he
was going to lay his two hands on the man
who had visited her in the afternoon.

  Then he had a swift and ludicrous reac-
tion. The two figures had emerged into
the moonlight. One of them was that of
the maid. The other, Matteson inferred,
was her fiance. At least, for her peace of
mind, he hoped so.

  He turned his back while they made their
good-byes in the shadow of the trees-across
the way. The man hurried off down the
road. The girl stood looking after him.
When he was out of sight she turned toward
the house.

  Matteson stepped into the road.

  “ Here, my girl,” he said.

  The girl wheeled about. Matteson
crossed over to her swiftly.

  “ It’s Matteson,” he said. “ My car
broke down. There’s a wrench in the tool-
house. I’ll get it. Ev the way, is Miss
Wendell resting? I was afraid to-night
that she was going to be ill.”

  “ Do you wish me to find out?” the girl
asked.

  A vague and nagging worry had been in
Matteson’s mind. He wanted to make sure,
before he left the house, that Alice was
safe. It seemed rather silly to stay on
guard all night. He couldn’t keep a con-
tinued vigil. If he were reassured, he
would go home and see Alice in the morn-
ing.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

251

  “ I wish you would," he said.

  The gir! was gone five minutes. At the
end of that time she came hurrying toward
him along the drive.

  “ Miss Wendell isn't in her room,” she
said. “ And as far as I can make out, she
isn’t in the house.’’

CHAPTER III.

THE SECOND STONE.

MATTESON fully realized now why
he had come back to the house, in-
stead of proceeding to his own home,
when he had left in the afternoon.

  Looking back, he could see that he had
feared some such calamity as this. But
where had Alice gone, and how had she left
the house without his seeing her? Had she
known when he left her that she was going
away? Doubt flickered through his mind,
but he quenched it stoutly. No, he would
not be that kind of lover. He would trust
her to the end.

  He was a man of action, and he thanked
God that action seemed to be needed here.

  He would have liked to assume a casual
air, to make the servant believe that he was
not alarmed. But that was a kind of hy-
pocrisy, and with hypocrisy he had never
had anything to do. He was not a good
enough actor to be a hypocrite. Besides,
he didn’t know' that anything was to be
gained by concealment.

  “ We’ll search the house,” he told the
maid. “ Go around and turn on all the
lights. Don’t be agitated. But keep call-
ing Miss Wendell’s name. She may have
been in a room in which you have not
looked, and have fainted. Hurry!”

  “ I—I’m afraid,” the girl whimpered.

  “ I’ll go with you.” Matteson said.

  They went into the house and searched
the lower floor. Matteson kept calling.
“Alice! Oh, Alice! Where are you?”

  This brought no response from the girl,
but it roused the housekeeper and the old
negro cook. They came down-stairs. Mat-
teson explained what had happened.

  “ When did you see Miss Wendell last?"
he asked them.

  “ I haven’t seen her since she went out

on the porch in the evening,” the house-
keeper said.

  “ Ah ain’t seed huh sence this after-
noon,” the old colored woman stated.

  “ And you?” Matteson asked the maid.

  “ Not since she came in from the porch,”
the maid answered. “ She said she didn’t
need me, and I—I went to the kitchen.”

  “ That’s all right.” Matteson said kind-
ly, remembering that the girl had a love-
affair of her own.

  He pondered Alice’s dismissal of the
maid. There was something irregular in
that. Alice had been unstrung, half ill.
In those circumstances, it would have been
natural to suppose that she would require
the services of her maid if she ever had re-
quired them. It was a suspicion-rousing
incident. Matteson could only make up his
mind that Alice had been intending to go
away all the time he had been with her.

  He could place the pieces of the puzzle
so that they seemed to fit now, but whether
he got the correct pattern of the whole he
could not tell. Alice had had a strange
visitor. She had received a shock. The
man must have conveyed a startling mes-
sage to her. He must have requested her
to meet him that evening. He must have
held some sort of threat over her.

  “ You three go over the up-stairs,” he di-
rected. “ I’ll wait here.”

  The competent housekeeper, a woman of
avoirdupois and good nerves, assumed the
lead. They mounted the stairs, and Mat-
teson, waiting, heard'them moving back
and forth up there.

  They came back in ten minutes.

  “ She is not in the house,” the house-
keeper said. •• Besides, her motor-coat and
a veil are gone from among her clothing.”

  “ When were they there last?” Matteson
asked.

  “ This morning,” the maid answered.

  “ She wasn’t out in her car to-day?”

  “ Not to-day.”

  “ No one called here after I left this eve-
ning, of course?” he said.

  “ No one,” the maid answered.

  “ Was there a phone call for Miss 'Wen-
dell?”

  “ There was a phone call,” the house-
keeper answered. “ It was about half an
'252

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

hour ago. I didn’t know that Miss Wen-
dell had come in. When the bell rang I
started for the library. Before I got to
the door I heard Miss Wendell say ‘ Hel-
lo!”’

  “ She hadn’t gone to bed then.”

  “ I suppose not. She must have been
sitting in there.”

  To himself Matteson said: “ She must
have been waiting for that phone call.
Strange!” Aloud he added: “ Did you hear
what Miss Wendell said over the phone?”

  “ When I heard her voice I withdrew,”
the housekeeper said rather frostily.

  “ Of course,” said Wendell absently.
“ We’ll have a look at the library.”

  They went into the big room, and Mat-
teson stood looking around. Nothing was
disturbed. There was the same order here
as there was throughout the house. The
bookcases, the long table, the leather
chairs, were just as he had seen them a
hundred times.

  It struck him that Alice might have left
a note.

  He walked over to the table and exam-
ined the things upon it. But there was no
note. There was nothing.

  “ You might as well go to bed,” he told
the women. “ I will remain here, possibly
for the night.” They withdrew.

  Matteson sat down before the table. He
heped, of course, that Alice would return.
But he had no feeling that she would do so.
Her absence created a void. He had a
.sense of increasing loneliness. If he had
had a touch of mysticism in his nature, he
would have said positively that she would
not return.

  That filled him with bewilderment. He
had never experienced such a sensation be-
fore. He rose and paced the room.

  “ She has gone some distance,” he told
himself, and he pressed his hands to a fore-
head suddenly grown hot.

  He returned to the chair, and sank into
it with a shrug of his big shoulders.

  “ Nerves,” he said aloud. “ And no
wonder! ”

  But that thought pressed in on him. It
was like a mental tugging at his sleeve.

  “ But .if I left here,” he asked himself,
again aloud, “ where should I go?”

  There was no fact to take hold of, and
he realized that that was his trouble. He
had been on guard and Alice had somehow
slipped by him, as if she had been invisible.
She had garbed herself for a motor ride.
Had she got the car out of the garage?

  In other circumstances he would have
laughed at himself for his next step. But
he could laugh at nothing now. In a few
hours a perfectly strong, healthy, normal
girl had changed into a fainting and then a
distraught one. Then she had vanished.
That was the way he phrased it. Alice's
going was not a disappearance; it was a
vanishing. Such things didn’t happen in
his matter-of-fact legal world, where there
was a law for everything.

  He rose and went out to the garage. It
was locked, but through the window he
could see that the car was inside.

  “ Of course!” he said.

  He stood for a few moments in the
scented moonlight, head bent. He never had
any difficulty in picturing Alice to himself
in her absence from him, and he pictured
her now. He moved her before his mind’s
eye as if she were a figure on a slowly re-
volving screen.

   She lay there on the floor of the library,
in her working clothes. Sweet, grotesque
little figure. Altogether lovable. She passed
through the door of the library. She came
to him on the porch. Always there was an
aura of love for himself about her. It
seemed to shine about her even in these
pictures he was making. But she had been
—just what?

  She had been controlled. That was what
she had been. He remembered now that her
buoyancy was gone. It was as if a spirit
had stood beside her, but a spirit which had
the power to keep a heavy, fleshly hand
upon her shoulder.

  “ Hell! ” Matteson ground out. “ I’m get-
ting nutty. She was ill, I tell you.”

  He argued aloud as if some one besides
himself were there.

  He raised his head and looked about him.
The moon was almost over his head now,
full-orbed, a great silver shield in space.
The world lay still beneath it. The beauty
of the scene penetrated to Matteson’s in-
most soul.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

253

  “ I’ve got to find her to-night,” he told
himself.

  He returned to the library. There was a
silver bell on the long table, and he struck
it sharply.

  Almost at once the maid appeared in the
doorway. “ Did you ring?” she asked.

  She was red-eyed and pale. Matteson
felt sorry for her, and that touch of human
feeling quieted him. He was his normal
self instantly. The girl's emotion was sim-
ple and natural. It was something which he
could understand and sympathize with.
Alice’s emotion had been one of terror. He
realized then that about terror—feminine
terror—he knew nothing. That was why
he had had those shivery moments.

  The thing to do was to keep normal, not
to entertain a thought which was not based
upon the sound, good sense which was his
dearest possession.

  “ I rang,” he said quietly. “ Sit down.
Don’t be frightened.”

  The girl sank to the edge of a chair.

  She did not wait for him to question her.
She began to speak rapidly:

  “ That man gave me a shivery feeling.
He kept staring at me. His eyes were black.
They weren’t just black eyes, like people
sometimes have. Not natural black eyes.
They weren't natural at all. And he never
moved them. He didn’t seem even to wink.
And you couldn’t tell from looking at him
what he was thinking about. That was the
worst of it.

  “ Don’t you know, sir. you can tell what
people are thinking about you most of the
time if you give them a good look in the
eyes? You can tell whether they feel kindly
toward you, or whether they don't like you.
or whether they think you are a good person
or a bad person. Don't you know what I
mean, sir?”

  Matteson nodded. He would give her
rein.

  “ But this man, he just sat and looked.
Sometimes I felt as if he didn't know I was
there, and then I felt as if he was—was—”

  “ Going to tell you to do something—
when he had made up his mind about you,
and about the thing that he wanted you to
do,” Matteson suggested. “ You wanted to
run away from his eyes.”

  “ I knew I should run away, but I
didn’t,” the girl answered simply.

    How was he dressed?” Matteson asked.
  The girl looked at him blankly.

  “ I don’t know,” she answered. “ I only
remember his eyes—and that his face was
kind of sallow."

  “Was he an American?”

  “ No, he wasn't. He was some kind of a
foreigner.”

  Matteson knew that it would be useless
to try to establish the man’s nationality
through the girl. He forebore questioning
her along that line, because her answers
might confuse him. What he gathered from
her he wanted to be based on fact.

  “ Tell me about his arrival and depar-
ture.” Matteson said.

  “ The bell rang. I answered it. This
man was standing beyond the screen. His
eyes took me first. He said:

  “ ‘ I will come in.r

  “ Before I could do or say anything, he
just opened the door and pushed past me.
He told me to take him to the library. I
did. He asked me where Miss Wendell was,
and I said out. He said he would see her
the minute she came in. And that was all.”'
Matteson leaned forward in his chair and
stared at the rug. In his helplessness a
blind, raging desire to lay his hands on
Brilliant Eyes possessed him. There was
the sound of a sob. He looked up. The
girl was crying, her handkerchief to her
eyes.

  “ What is it?" Matteson asked, rather
impatiently.

  The maid removed the handkerchief.

  “ Don’t be angry with me,” she whis-
pered. “ I haven’t told you everything.”

  !! In Heaven's name, what else is there?”
Matteson asked. " Come. now. I’m not
going to hurt you or say anything to you
to wound you. But if you have any clue
in this crazy business, let me have it.”

  The girl fumbled in the pocket of her
apron and drew out a second handkerchief.
She unfolded this and a brilliant stone rolled
out into her hand. She passed it to Mat-
teson. Matteson held it in his hand and
stared at it.

  Matteson was not sure, but he judged it
to be a great, uncut sapphire.
254

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Where in the world did you get this?”
he asked.

  “ I found it here in this room after you
and Miss Wendell had left this afternoon,”
the maid answered. “ I came in to see if
Miss Wendell had dropped anything, and I
noticed a jagged hole in the wall. You’ll
see, it’s over there.”

  Matteson rose and walked to the end of
the room. He found the hole. He placed
the stone in it and found that it fitted. He
turned about to the maid and shook his
head in new bewilderment.

  “ What does it mean?” he asked.

  “ I don’t know,” the maid answered. “ Is
it valuable, sir?”

  “ If it’s a genuine jewel, it’s valuable,”
Matteson answered. He looked at her
keenly. “ Never mind,” he added. “ You
say nothing about this and neither will I.
We are all tempted at one time or another.”

  “ I—I never stole before,” the girl pro-
tested. “ I—I was going to be married and
-—and—”

  “ You haven’t stolen yet,” Matteson said.
“ Go to bed now. And say nothing about
this. Say nothing about anything.”

  Apparently glad to be let off so easily, the
maid scurried away.

  Matteson, being a lawyer, had to discount
her testimony now. He knew that, since
she was a thief at the time she had testified,
she would make her testimony to him as
interesting as possible. Doubtless she had
romanced the gentleman with the brilliant
eyes. The man was probably no more than
a smooth crook who went about intimi-
dating women.

  But if that were so, how had he got
Alice to leave the security of her home?
How, above all, had he persuaded her to
keep a secret from the man she loved?

  And there was the stone. He sat with
it in the palm of his hand, staring down at
it. He was sure Alice had not owned such
an uncut jewel, if jewel it was. It was a
curious thing to be owned by any one but
a lapidary. If Alice had owned it, she
would have mentioned it to him.

  As he sat thus staring at it, there was a
premonitory click from the telephone, Mat-
teson straightened up with a jerk.

  The bell whirred.

  He snatched off the receiver and put it
to his ear.

  “ Yes?” he said eagerly.

  There was no immediate response, but
somehow Matteson knew that some one was
at the other end of the wire. It was a kind
of breathing silence which he waited in.

  And then, without preliminary cough or
clearing of throat, came over the wire, a
smooth, clear, even-controlled voice:

  “ An uncut sapphire is the sign.”

  The circuit was clicked shut.

CHAPTER IV.

THE THIRD.

MATTESON jiggled the receiver up
and down on the hook impatiently,
till sleepy central answered. She
“ didn’t know who had called him.” She
would connect him with the supervisor. But
the supervisor didn’t know, and Matteson
hung up the receiver in dismay.

  He looked down at the gleaming stone
again. So it was a sapphire, and it was a
sign. He tried to recall some knowledge of
sapphires which he might have picked up
in the past, but he had none. The only
jewel which had ever interested him was the
diamond which Alice Wendell wore on her
engagement finger.

  There was crookedness in the whole thing
somewhere, he could see, but it was a
strange crookedness. What sort of criminal
was it who went about giving away sap-
phires. As a sign! A sign of what? Evil,
certainly, but evil to what result?

  He stayed on in the house, turning these
puzzling questions over in his mind. Day
broke with a red sun, giving promise of
more stifling heat. The servants came
down-stairs.

  “ I am going back to town,” Matteson
told the housekeeper. “ There is nothing I
can do. No, there has been no word of
Miss Wendell during the night. I haven’t
the slightest idea where she is. When I
get to town I shall go directly to my office.
If there is any development of anj? kind,
call me on- the phone there.”

  He scribbled his office phone number on
his card and left. He found his car where
THE GREAT BURMESE.

255

he had left it. When he got to town he
went home and bathed and had his break-
fast. Then he went to his office. He
entered it at half past eight.

  “ Anything up?” he asked his clerk in
the outer office.

  “ There was a man here to see you.
Wouldn’t state his business. Said he would
leave a message for you on your desk. Said
you were expecting him.”

  “ Know him?”

  “ No. A strange fellow. Some sort of
foreigner. Chinese or something, I think.”
Matteson paused with his hand on the
knob of his private-office door.

  “ Just what did he look like?” he asked,
rather thickly.

  The clerk looked at his employer rather
curiously. Usually Matteson was the pic-
ture of well-groomed health. This morning
he seemed pale and a bit unsteady. The
clerk wondered if he had been “ out ” the
night before. The clerk knew, as the world
knew, that Matteson was engaged to the
wealthy Miss Wendell. Perhaps she had
“ given him the shake.”

  “ Why, he was very smooth,” the clerk
said. “ Pulled a lot of the courtesy stuff.
Bowed to me as if I were a woman. Spoke
low. Kept looking at me steadily. Queer
eyes. Seemed all pupils. Looked as if he
might be a dope fiend.”

  “ Howr was he dressed?”

  “ Ordinary clothing. Some kind of a light
suit. Straw hat.”

  “ All right,” Matteson said.

  He went into his private office and closed
the door. Even before he looked at his
desk he knew what was lying there. He
took off his coat, the heat having become
suddenly very oppressive, and hung up it
and his hat.	c

  Then he sat down at his desk.

  A sheet of note-paper wrapper some
object lying there. Matteson picked it up.
Through the paper he could feel the rough
edges of an uncut stone. He opened the
paper and took out another sapphire.

  *' A man could get rich playing this fel-
low’s game,” he said grimly.

  He smoothed out the paper, half expect-
ing to find a written message on it, but
there was none.

  Matteson was not a detective. He was
a lawyer who gave his time to civil matters.
He knew he would butt his head against a
stone wall if he tried to solve this mystery
unaided.

  He went to the door and opened it.

  “ Call police headquarters and see if
Detective Jack Doyle is in,” he directed.
“ If he is, ask him if he can give me ten
minutes of his time at once.”

  The clerk took down the telephone re-
ceiver. Matteson closed the door.

  In his own office he went to the window
and stood looking down into the street.
He saw that the man he was dealing with
had at least unlimited nerve. He wasn’t
afraid to appear in the homes and offices of
the people he was “ after.”

  Matteson could not decide whether he
had been foolish in summoning Jack Doyle
to his aid. If his office was under obser-
vation, Doyle’s arrival would be noted, and
Doyle would be what might be termed a
“ marked man.” If he were so marked,
Matteson wondered whether Doyle would
be a recipient of a stone. There would be
grim humor in that. Doyle was honest but
poor-. One of those sapphires would fill his
purse.

  The clerk knocked on the door and said
that Doyle said he would be right up. Mat-
teson was glad of it. He would not long
have to argue as to the wisdom of summon-
ing Doyle, and he had a notion he would
feel better when he had enlisted Doyle’s
aid.

  Doyle was no great criminal catcher. He
was a policeman who had graduated into
the plain-clothes squad. But he had been
a good friend of Matteson’s in the past. He
would loyally do what he could. And he
would keep his mouth shut. Besides, he
was a painstaking policeman, and he knew
every criminal of note who had ever worked
in the city, unless the criminal had got
away clean.

  Doyle arrived within a few minutes—a
red-faced man, a little out of breath, beads
of sweat on his forehead.

  “ What can I do for you, Mr. Matteson,
or what are you going to do for me?” he
asked. “ Either way, I’m at your service.
I wouldn’t mind turnin’ up something good.
256

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

It’s dull. Not even a robbery and a get-
away to keep us on our mettle.”

  There was something reassuring to Mat-
teson in the presence of the homely police-
man. There was nothing odd about Doyle.
He was all man, physically, and he was all
man mentally, so far as his mentality went.
He was clean and sane and honest—all of
which was a good deal when one was up
against the machinations of a brilliant-eyed
stranger who was elusive and mysterious.

  So Matteson decided to tell Doyle all he
knew.

  “ Know anything about stones?” he asked
in conclusion.

  “ Paving stones,” Doyle said. “ Lemme
see one of them rocks, or, better, both of
’em.”

  Matteson handed the stones to him.

  “ They look real pretty,” Doyle said.
“ But I don’t know what they’re worth.
Not much. I’d say. A gink who would go
about strewin’ jools would be bugs, wouldn’t
he?”

  “ I have no doubttthis fellow is bugs,”
Matteson said.

  “ Them’s the worst kind,” Doyle said,
and that held little comfort for Matteson.
“ You take a sane man and you can figure
a little bit what his next more is goin’ to
be. But you take a nut and all hell can’t
tell how he’ll run. He’s just as like to lie
down in the meadow grass and snooze, or
he’s just as like to jump offen the highest
bridge he can find.

  “I‘know a guy over on Second Street
that can tell a real stone from a bogus one.
He isn’t a nice man to deal with as a rule.

I	been layin’ for him for years, but I ain’t
got him yet. I will, though. You just take
one of these things and send it over by
your clerk and tell the clerk to tell this
gink that Jack Doyle sent him. No, send
both of them pieces of glass. One might be
good. The other might be phony. Here’s
the number.”

  He wrote the address on a piece of paper.
Matteson summoned the clerk. Matteson
handed him the sapphires with Doyle’s in-
structions.

  “ Hold one of them in each hand and let
him look at them there,” Doyle said. “ If
you let them out of your sight, they might

be real when he took them and phony when
he handed them back.”

  When the clerk had gone, Doyle led Mat-
teson over the whole affair again step by
step.

  “ I’m wearvin’ you, I know,” Doyle said,
“ but that’s only because you didn’t sleep
last night and because you are worried.
You keep right on tellin’ me about this,
even if you do repeat yourself.”

  Matteson talked on in endless repetition,
it seemed to him. He watched Doyle’s
square face for some sign that the police-
man saw something which was hidden from
Matteson. For a long time there was no
such sign. Doyle only sat leaning one thick
arm on the desk. Now and then he wiped
sweat from his face.

  And then, all of a sudden, he straightened
up.

  “ Repeat that again,” he said.

  “ 11—I threw it into the sea,’ she said.”

  “ Now, tell me about the finding of the
stone that this gink left with Miss Wendell.”

  Matteson described the finding of the
stone, omitting mention of the maid’s at-
tempted theft.

  Doyle wiped a particularly heavy dew of
sweat from his forehead.

  “ Well,” he said, “ we got a line on them
sapphires, anyhow. Miss Wendell threw
that stone just before she fainted. I don’t
think she really knowed that she was throw-
in’ it. I guess it was what the docs would
call a reflex. You know about that? Sure
you do.

  “ Well, then, this stone must have give
her a shock. She had throwed something
into the sea. What did she throw in the
sea? Well, when she was down and out,
she throwed one of these jools. When she
was cornin’ to, she wasn’t quite all there.
Mebbe her mind was travelin’ back to some-
thin’ that had happened before. What was
that? Why, these two stones are the second
and third. There was a first. She throwed
it into the sea.

  “ ‘ I—I throwed it into the sea,’ says
she.

  “ Association of ideas. Huh?”

  “ It’s logical,” Matteson had to concede.
“ But where in the world did you pick up
all this, Jack?”
THE GREAT BURMESE.

257

  Jack had the grace to blush.

  “ It ain’t my stuff,” he said. “ I borrowed
it from Sheldon, the Bertillon shark up to
headquarters. I’m hangin’ round his place
when I ain’t got anything else to do. He’s
a wiz on that what-d’ye-call-it-stuff—about
the mind—”

  “ Psychology.”

  “ Yeh; that stuff. He’s told me a book
full, and I’ve remembered mebbe half a
chapter. If I had an education I could pose
as a■■-Sherlock and get away with it. But
this Sheldon guy is better ’n Sherlock ever
dreamed of bein’.

  “ Now, I’ll tell you, Mr. Matteson: This
girl and her father had been to—where?
India? Yeh. He was nuts on that mystery
stuff. Lots of them go that way. I’ve
saw limousines in front of the shop of a
clairvoy’nt who wore a red kimona with,
grease spots on it.

  “ Well, Miss Wendell’s father got mixed
up with some of this here dope, and there
was a sapphire in it as a sign, and they give
him the Indian third degree, whatever that
is, and he couldn’t stand the racket. And
his daughter brought him home to die, and
on the way she throwed the sign into the
sea.

  “ Them foreigners has plenty of jools, as
a rule. There was a foreign prince in this
town once, on a visit, and he had a bushel
of them. That’s how it happens that this
brilliant-eyed gink can go strewin’ these
here jools around and not mind the price.
I’ll bet a new hat that they are genuine.
You’ll see when your man comes back.

  “Well! In the mean time we’ll get a
good man.on the job. I’ll just use your
phone to call up Sheldon and have him
hop over here. He’s busy, but if I say
this is something unusual he will come a
runnin’. You listen to his flow of language.
This phone?”

  Matteson nodded.

  Doyle took up the phone and called
headquarters. Sheldon said he would come
right over, with a camera to take finger-
prints.

  “ He’ll get this guy located if he’s ever
been mugged,” Doyle said. “ He’ll know
him before another sun sets.”

  Sheldon came presently. Matteson had

    6	A-S

expected to receive a serious, high-browed
superpoliceman, whose manner would show
that he didn’t exactly dislike himself.

  The man who came was rotund and red-
cheeked. He had lazy, blue eyes, and he
never seemed to stop smiling.

  And so they sat down, three normal men,
to consider what seemed an abnormality.
Sheldon listened while Matteson told his
story over again.

  When he had finished, Sheldon leaned
back in his chair and lit a terrible pipe,
Even as his lips closed about the stem of it,
they did not cease to smile.

  “ What’s your theory, Jack?” he asked.

   Doyle played a repeater for his benefit.

  “ Sounds reasonable,” Sheldon said.
“ But why, Mr. Matteson, do you suppose
Miss Wendell would want to keep this
thing a secret from you, of all men?”

  “ I can’t tell you,” Matteson said.

   “ Pier father is dead. She is alone in the
world?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Except for you?”

  “ Except for me,” Matteson conceded,
with a flush.

  “ She is a particularly loyal sort of
girl?”

  “ Very.”

  “ The kind,” said Sheldon gently, “ who
would give herself to protect the man she
loved?”

  “Good God!” Matteson said, starting
up. “ You don’t imagine she went away
willingly with this man, in order to protect
me from some peril, real or imaginary?”

  “ She went away,” Sheldon said quietly.
“ And the man left you a sign, as he calls
it. Everybody seems to have noticed this
man’s eyes—enlarged pupils, I should say,
changing eyes of any hue to black. Bella-
donna. Probably uses it internally, too.
It’s done once in a while. Rare dope, to
be used that way, though. We find strange
cases nowadays, since the drug-restriction
law went into effect. Some one at the door,
Mr. Matteson.”

  The two other men had been so intent
upon what the Bertillon expert was saying
that they had not heard two knocks on the
door.

  “ Come in,” Matteson called.
258

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The clerk entered.

  “ Here,” said Doyle, with pardonable
pride, “ is where I don’t buy a hat for Mr.
Matteson.”

  The clerk put the two “ jools ” on the
desk. He turned to Doyle with a little
smile on his lips.

  “ Your friend said you needn’t have been
so particular about instructing me to keep
those things in my hands,” he said. “ He
said he wasn’t quite that cheap yet. He
told me to tell you that they were silica,
greenish rock-crystal. He said if you’d
come in person he’d possibly lend you fifty
cents on them.”

CHAPTER V.

A NIGHT VISITOR.

HAT do you make of that?”
Matteson asked Sheldon, while
Doyle sat looking at the stones
disappointedly.

  “ Nothing, except that those pieces of
glass are a good deal cheaper than real
sapphires would have been,” Sheldon re-
turned, with a smile.

  “ Ah, it’s hocus-pocus,” Doyle said. “ I
think that this is a case that calls for a
little rough work. One thing, Mr. Matte-
son: wherever you go from now on, till this
business is cleared up, I’m goin’ to be on
your trail. I’ll arrange it with the chief.
Here I go and build up a beautiful theory,
and it’s knocked into a cocked hat. You
ain’t got no friends that would be playing a
practical joke on you, have you?”

  “ Miss Wendell’s disappearance isn’t a
joke,” Matteson said. “ She wouldn’t be a
party to a joke that would keep me in sus-
pense like this.”

  “ Well, that’s a fact,” Doyle conceded.
“ Well, I got my lay, and I’ll follow it.
What you goin’ to do, Sheldon?”

  “ Follow the usual procedure,” Sheldon
answered. “ Will you take us out to Miss
Wendell’s home, Mr. Matteson?”

  “ My car is down-stairs,” Matteson
said. “ Come on.”

  They drove out to the Wendell home.
Sheldon first went over the house, bringing
up at the library. Here he produced a

camera and made photographs of the places
which the stranger’s fingers might have
touched. “ Now that maid,” he said.

  Matteson rang the bell, and the maid
came in answer.

  “ Have you dusted this room since yes-
terday?” Sheldon asked.

  “ No, sir, the maid answered. “ I’ve
been so upset—”

  “ It’s all right,” Sheldon assured her.
“ A good thing. Now tell me all about
the man who called to see Miss Wendell.”
The maid repeated her inadequate de-
scription. Sheldon took up each several
statement when she had finished, and by
close questioning made her embroider it till
not a detail was lost.

  “That’s all,” he said; and the maid
withdrew.

   “ I don’t ‘ make 7 this man at all,” Shel-
don told Matteson. “ I don’t think he’s
ever come under my observation; and he
certainly doesn’t work like anybody we
know, does he, Doyle?”

  “ No,” Doyle said, “ he don’t. It’s poor
stuff, though mystifyin’, to my way of
thinkin’. He ain’t got a thing but nerve,
so far as I can see.”

  “ He’s undoubtedly an intelligent man,
and under the hypnotic influence of dope
has developed a rare cunning and courage.
They will do it. And we’ve got to look out
for the unexpected. He may do anything.”
“ You think Miss Wendell is in danger,
then?” Matteson asked.

  “ I don’t believe that she is, just yet,”
Sheldon answered. “ This fellow is going
to make another play before long. That
play will undoubtedly involve you. Doyle
will go to work on the case, he says. The
best thing you can do, Mr. Matteson, is
to wait for the next move.”

  “ It’s awful to be idle when Miss Wen-
dell’s situation may be almost anything,”
Matteson said.

  “ Even in police work patience is a vir-
tue,” Sheldon said. “ You’ll just have to
take hold of yourself and wait. I’d suggest
that you go to your office and spend the day
as usual. From there go home. Doyle
could give you a man to stay with you,
but that might delay developments. I take
it you have nerve yourself.”
THE GREAT BURMESE.

259

  “ I’m not afraid, if that’s what you
mean,” Matteson said.

  They went back down-town, and Matte-
son returned to his office. He spent the
day there, but nothing happened. As he
was leaving Doyle called him on the phone.

  “ Nothin’ doin’, eh?” Doyle said. “ Well,
you’re goin’ right home?”

  “ Yes,” Matteson said.

  “ Good enough,” said Doyle, and rang
off.

  Matteson went home and had his dinner,
which he had sent up from the kitchen of
the apartment-hotel in which he lived.
After he had eaten a little, he had the dishes
removed, and stretched out in a chair to
ponder on his unhappy situation.

  He had not thought he would sleep. He
had never seemed more wide awake. But
he was unused to losing rest, and sleep
came to him swiftly. He stretched out a
little farther in the reclining chair. Sleep
swept over him.

  He awoke with a start. Even in his
somnolent condition he wondered about
that. Ordinarily his waking was a slow,
lazy, stretching process.

  He sat up in the chair and rubbed his
eyes. Unconsciously his hand reached out
for the electric-light switch. Then he came
wide awake.

  When he had gone to sleep the lights had
been burning. Who had turned them off?
He started to rise, and then there was a
movement behind his chair.

  “I am here,” said a deep, resonant
voice.

  Matteson had a feeling that the voice
would match those brilliant eyes which the
maid had spoken about.

  “ Well, what do you want?” Matteson
asked.

  “ The great pleasure of your company on
a short trip and then on a long trip, a very
long trip.”

  “ You’re the gentleman of the sapphire
tendency, are you?” Matteson asked sar-
castically.

  “ I am.”

  “ Where’s Miss Wendell?”

  “ Safe—in the place whither you are
going.”

  “ Whither—hell!” Matteson ground out.

“ You’re putting on a good deal of side,
aren’t you?”

  “ Will you go in peace?” the voice asked.

  “ I’ll think it over.” Matteson answered
in a changed tone. “ Just give me a min-^
ute.”

  “ The dawn is two hours away,” the voice
said. “ We have time.”

  Matteson was surprised that he had slept
so long. He reproached himself for having
rested so well while the girl he loved was
in danger.

  He was playing for time now. By means
of the man’s voice he had placed him as
standing directly behind the chair, close to
it. Matteson was trying to figure out just
how he could reach the man in one spring.
He raised his head cautiously and looked
about him.

  There was no light in the room. Be-
cause his income was not large, Matteson
lived on the top floor. He was beyond the
glow of the street lights.

  But he knew just where every object in
the room was. There was nothing between
him and the stranger.

  He edged a little forward on his seat,
gathering his legs under him for a spring
which would cary him around the side of
the chair. He expected every second that
the man would speak again, telling him he
was wasting time; but he seemed to be a
fellow of infinite patience.

  Crouching, Matte*son listened for a sound
of his visitor’s'breathing, but there was no
such sound. There was no sound of any
kind in the room.

  Then Matteson, his right hand grasping
the arm of the chair, sprang and swung
round all in one movement. He was behind
the chair, his hands wildly groping for the
stranger. But the hands met nothing.

  “I am not there,” said the sonorous
voice. “ I am here.”

  “ Here,” Matteson knew, was beyond the
curtains hanging between the sitting-room
and the dining-room. Matteson ground
out an oath. He would have sworn the
man had not moved.

  “ I was there only in the voice,” the
stranger said.

  A shivery sensation went up and down
Matteson’s spine.
260

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ What’re you talking about?” he de-
manded.

  'He expected the man to laugh at his
discomfiture, but evidently that was some-
thing quite foreign to the man’s nature.
Laughter, Matteson supposed, was too hu-
man a thing for him to indulge in.

  “ A voice obedient to the soul’s whim,”
the man pursued.

  Matteson wheeled about, expecting an
attack. The voice now had come from
the other end of the room opposite to the
place where the curtains hung.

  There was no attack; there was no
sound, even. With a hand which was
suddenly somewhat unsteady, Matteson
reached out and snapped on the lights. He
was alone in the room.

  But there was a movement of the cur-
tains, and the voice said:

  “ I am here in the flesh.”

  “ Show yourself, then,” Matteson chal-
lenged.

  The curtains swayed—for theatrical ef-
fect, Matteson supposed. He waited.

  “ You are a conventional man,” the voice
said. “ I shall have to use conventional
methods to make you obey-—at least for
the present. I am armed. I am here.”

  He stepped forth and stood looking at
Matteson. Matteson was not surprised
now that the maid had seen only his eyes.
They were big eyes, perfectly black and
amazingly brilliant.

  Matteson stood looking into them for
a moment and then he swiftly scrutinized
his visitor. He would memorize the details
which had escaped the others.

  The man’s face was sallow. There were
odd splotches of faint purple on it. His
nose was big and his mouth wide. The
lips were colorless, but they were not un-
steady, as Matteson expected they might
be.

  The man was conventionally dressed in
a dark suit, and wore a modest tie, straw
hat, and black, low shoes. Except for his
face and his eyes, he would have escaped
observation anywhere.

  In his right hand he held a pistol, and
Matteson saw that he held it in a loose,
familiar way, as if he were perfectly at
home in the use of firearms.

  “ What next?” Matteson asked angrily.
“ If you’ll put down that gun I’ll knock
your head off. I’d just like to get my
two hands on you for a moment. You go
about preying on women, frightening them.
You’re a spineless pup.”

  “ And now we will go,” the stranger
said smoothly.

  Matteson saw that there was no good
in railing at him. in calling him names.
He seemed impervious to abuse. His face
did not change expression, and his brilliant
eyes did not move from Matteson’s face.

  “ Go where?” Matteson asked.

  “ To far countries. To places men rarely
visit, least of all white men. To inner
temples—to shrines. Until you are ini-
tiated.”

  “ Into what?”

  “ As Wendell was,” the man said imper-
turbably.

  “ What happened to Wendell?” Matteson
demanded. “ What broke him? What, in
fact, killed him?”

  “ He threw his talisman into the sea,”
the man answered. “ She threw it into the
sea. It is a fatal act.”s

  Unconsciously Matteson thrust his hand
into his coat-pocket. The stones came into
contact with his fingers. He clutched them
and drew out his hand. In a sudden, fu-
rious burst of anger he hurled the stones
straight at his visitor’s face. But swift as
light the man moved his head. The stones
struck the curtains and fell to the floor.

  “ We will go,” he said.

  He pointed the pistol full at Matteson’s
breast. He seemed to lose some of his im-
passiveness. His eyes did not change. They
could not grow brighter than they had
been. But the purple splotches on his face
grew more distinct.

  Matteson believed he had a madman to
deal with. He took up his hat from the
table upon which he had tossed it.

  “ Go ahead,” he said grimly. “ But I’ll
bet you ten dollars I’ll get you before we go
far.”

  The man stepped into the room.

  “ Behind you,” he said politely.

  Matteson passed through the curtains
with the man at his back. They went into
the hall, and the man closed the door.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

261

  “ The elevator isn’t running,” Matteson
said. “ We’ll have to walk.”

  “I’ll be just behind you with the pistol
in my coat-pocket,” the man said. “ Pray
do not attempt to escape. The consequences
to you would be dire, and I should regret
violence.”

  They went down the four flights of stairs
and came out on the street, encountering
no one at that hour.

  A car with the curtains down stood at
the curb. The man unhooked a front cur-
tain. “ Get in,” he said.

  Matteson stepped past the wheel and sat
down. The man climbed in beside him.
With one hand he pressed his pistol into
Matteson’s side. With the other he fas-
tened the curtain. Then dexterously he
started the machine, guiding it with one
hand.

  So they rode, speaking no word. The
stranger was like a statue, except that now
and then his lean hand moved to turn the
wheel slightly. He did not look at Matte-
son. His eyes were fixed straight ahead
of him. He continued to press the pistol
into Matteson’s sidt^

  The man seemed in no hurry. He did
not speed. To all appearances the car was
taking its occupants about some leisurely
business. Once Matteson saw a policeman
on the sidewalk before a half-lighted store,
but the policeman did not even look in the
direction of the car.

  “Smooth,aren’t you?” Matteson sneered.

  The man made no answer. Except for
the pistol pressing into his side, Matteson
might have thought that his captor was
unaware of his presence.

  They passed out of the residence district
and came to a long paved road. Matteson
saw, with a start, that it was the road which
led out to Alice Wendell’s suburban home.
He wondered if the man was taking him
there. If he was, Alice might be there and
might so far be safe.

  He voiced that notion. The man again
did not answer.

  “ Tell me one thing, you hell-hound! ”
Matteson ground out. “ Is Miss Wendell
safe?”

  “ Safe for the present—till the moment
arrives.”

  “ A-a-rgh!” Matteson grunted in disgust;
and he was tempted to turn in his seat
and grapple with his enemy, but he swiftly
saw the futility of that.

  He had observed that the man had
extraordinarily long-fingered hands. One
index-finger was now wrapped about the
trigger of the pistol. Matteson had seen
with what indescribable swiftness the man
could move. If he so much as stirred in
a way to rouse the faintest suspicion, he
supposed that long, brown finger would
press the trigger.

  He stared straight ahead of him, as his
companion was doing.

  They rode perhaps a mile. Then, of a.
sudden, Matteson felt a jab, like that from
a needle, in his leg. He winced and start-
ed. He glanced down at the hand which
held the gun, but apparently the hand had
not moved.

  In a few minutes he began to grow
drowsy. His head went to his chest, but he
shook himself awake. Drowsiness came
back swiftly. He reviled himself for being
sleepy on an occasion like this, when so
much was at stake. But his eyes closed
and his head drooped again.

  Again he shook himself awake. He un-
derstood the meaning of that jab in his leg
now.

  He reached out to seize the man beside
him. But his hands dropped helplessly be
fore they could reach their object.

  “ Doped me,” he muttered thickly,
“ You—you—”

CHAPTER VI.

               WEIRD.

HE revived to a sense of motion. For
a moment he sat in complete dul-
ness. Pie was conscious of a burning

thirst.

  “ Water,” he muttered. _

A glass was instantly held to his lips.

  “ Drink, friend,” said a woman’s voice.
He tried to raise a hand to take the
glass which was pressed against his lips,
but he found he was securely bound. He
bent his head and drank the water as the
glass was tilted.
262

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Who are you?” he asked.

  There was a low laugh, a pleasant, con-
tralto laugh. A garment, silk, Matteson
thought, rustled, and Matteson knew he
Was alone.

  He lifted his head and stared about him.

  He was in complete darkness save for a
patch of light at his left. He saw, as his
eyes became more normal, that the patch
of light was a window, perhaps two feet
square. Beyond that there was more light,
dim, flickering, uncertain light. A land-
scape was rushing past him.

  “ I’m on a train,” he muttered again.
“ Where the devil are they taking me, and
where’s the porter? That was a woman.
Am I awake?”

  He struggled against his bonds, but they
held him. He looked from the window
once more. Still the landscape rushed by.
He closed his eyes and tried to, reverse
that motion. Often while riding in rail-
road trains he had seen the train suddenly
stop and the landscape appear to move.
But he had been able to rectify the mo-
tion by closing his eyes. When he opened
his eyes now, however, the landscape still
whirled by.

  “ We’re going like the devil,” he said.
“ I’ll say that much.”

  Suddenly there was a crash of thunder
and the sound of rushing wind.

  “ Storm,” said Matteson dully.

  He knew that he was not yet free of the
drug which the man had injected into his
veins. His mind was sluggish and he only
half realized what was taking place. He
felt as if he wanted to sleep again.

  “ Porter,” he called. “ Oh, porter;
where the devil are you?”

  But there was no answer. This seemed
to be a train without conductor or porter.
There was only the woman who had held
the glass to his lips.

  “ Where is that woman?” he cried,
j Silence.

  He gritted his teeth and tried to bring
his mind back to normal. But he felt al-
most as if his reason were toppling on its
throne. His situation was sufficiently ter-
rifying. Again he felt that jab in his leg.

   He struggled violently, cursing.

  “Don’t put me to sleep!” he cried.

“ Free me and let us meet man to man.
That’s all I ask. Man to m—”

  His voice died on that letter. His head
dropped to his breast again, and he slept.

  He awoke to nausea. He waited for
that sense of motion again, but it -didn’t
come. Without his asking for it, a glass
was again held to his lips. He gulped a
sour drink and the nausea passed. He
found that he could move his arms. They
were unbound.

  He tried to rise, but discovered that his
legs were bound from hips to ankles. He
stretched out his hands and they-came into
contact with what appeared to be dry
grass. Though he was in utter darkness
now, he believed he was lying on a sward.

  Suddenly the darkness was shot through
with an unearthly light. It came with a
flash, hung trembling for a moment, and
then disappeared. But it revealed to Mat-
teson long avenues of trees with .some sort
of building at the far end of them.

  “ Where am I?” he yelled. “ What
place is this?’-

  His only answer was a shrill whistle of
wind across his body. It passed and
seemed to die away in the trees. He sat
staring at the spot which his eyes had been
focused upon when the light had disap-
peared.

  Now there was a tiny .spot of light there,
a mere white speck in the blackness. The
speck grew, widened, and rounded. Pres-
ently there was an illumined space.

  Into this space a woman.’s face and bust
were at once projected. It was a beautiful
face, in a barbaric way. It was large, but
well molded. The lips were extremely red,
and the eyes were black and surrounded
by long, heavy lashes. The red lips curved
in a seductive smile and the face disap-
peared.

  It disappeared, but it was instantly re-
placed by another face. And that was the
face of Alice Wendell.

  Matteson cried out her name, but there
was no response from her. Matteson .saw
that her face was pale beneath its summer
tan, and that her eyes were ‘dosed. From
the position of the head Matteson judged
that she was reclining, but.he could not see
what her head rested upon.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

263

  Then the ghostly light widened and grew
till her whole body was revealed. She
was dressed all in white, as she had been
when Matteson had last seen her on the
porch of her home. He leaned forward
and stared at her, his lips dropped apart.

  For though Alice Wendell was reclining,
her body rested upon nothing. The light
revealed her fully now, and there was
nothing beneath her nor above her. She
seemed to float in space.

  “ Is it not well, O stranger?” said the
voice of the man who had forced Matteson
from his apartment.

  “ I’ll kill you for this,” Matteson ground
out.

  That was the only thing he could think
of to say. His mind was whirling between
reality and unreality, but he still had a
healthy desire to get his fingers on the
man’s brown throat. He’d bet he’d throt-
tle him till his tongue hung out.

  “ What are you going to do with that
girl?” Matteson added.

  “ She is held as hostage, you are held as
hostage, till she frees herself of the dross
of wealth.”

  There was a gurgle of feminine mirth, a
deep, contralto gurgle, beyond the man.

  “ Oh,” said Matteson savagely, “ you’re
holding us up, are you? Clean case of
robbery, if you can get away with it. But
the police ’11 have you before you can go
through with this, or I miss my guess.”

  He had thought of Doyle and of Doyle’s
promise not to lose sight of him. Doyle
might come to his aid.

  “ We know no police,” the man asserted.

  A sarcastic rejoinder was on Matteson’s
lips, but something convincing in the man’s
tone arrested him.

  “ Why not?” he asked. “ Where are
we?”

  He remembered the train with the land-
scape rushing by it. He did not know how
long he had been unconscious. He did
not know how many injections of drug he
had had.

  The man’s voice, deep with feeling, in-
toned :

        “ He who died at Azan sends
        This to comfort faithful friends:

         Faithful friends, it lies, I know,

        Pale and white and cold as snow;

And ye say, ‘ Abdullah’s dead!’

Weeping at my feet and head,

         I can see your falling tears,

I can hear your cries and prayers;

Yet I smile and whisper this:

‘ I am not that thing you kiss;

Cease your tears and let it lie;

         It was mine, it is not I.’ ”

The voice stopped abruptly, the light
died, and Matteson was in darkness again.
He almost doubted that Alice had been
suspended there before his eyes.

That sense of unreality which had
clutched him grew. Then a terrible fear
seized him. Alice, he recalled, had not
moved a muscle.

 “ Is she dead?” he called out. “ Is Miss
 Wendell dead?”

 “ She is not dead. She dies.”

“ Can anything save her?”

 Again the voice intoned:

“ I worship Agni, who is the priest of
the house, the divine priest of the sacrifice,
and the priest of oblations. He gives
wealth.”

“ You’re after Miss Wendell’s money,
aren’t you?” Matteson asked, seizing upon
that as something he could understand.

 “ He gives wealth,” the voice repeated.
 “ Is it your idea to keep us here till Miss
 Wendell makes some sort of agreement to
 pay you?” Matteson asked. “ Is that the
 big idea? If it is, why don’t you say so?
 Have you talked to her about it? What
 does she say?”

“ She is ■ saturated with conventional
sanity and stubborn with health,” the voice
replied.

A picture of a strong young figure in
overalls came to Matteson. He saw the
face of the girl he loved, bright with
health, shining with the consciousness of
physical and mental well-being. Thought
of her helped Ijim to sanity in this exotic
situation.

 “ She’s game, too,” he muttered.

 He resolved to “ hang a bluff.”

“You can go on with your show,” he
said. “ I’m not going to be frightened into
anything.”

“ Not you. She.”

“ Oh,” said Matteson, “you’re going to
do things to me till she yields. Is that
your game?”
264

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ She comes back now from afar,” said
the voice.

  Matteson felt that unearthly rush of
wind across his body again. There was a
crash, like thunder. Then there was com-
plete silence.

  Out of this silence came a small voice—
Alice’s:

  “ Henry.”

  “ Yes, dear.”

  “ Are you injured?”

  “ Not a bit of it. I’m all right. Are
you?”

  “ I have been asleep a long time,” Alice
said weakly. “ Where are we?”

  I	give it up,” Matteson said. “ They
drugged us, Alice. I was on a train a while
ago. I don’t know where we’ve been
brought to. But you just stand pat.
Don’t yield to that fellow. I’ll get my
hands on him after a while. Then we’ll
see.”

  “ You’re bound, aren't you, Henry?”

  “ Yes, but don’t give up. What has he
asked you to do?”

  i: He wants my fortune—all of it.”

  “ Sure,” said Matteson. “ It's a hold-
up; but it won’t go through. There is still
the law.”

  “ He is mad, Henry,” Alice said, and her
voice seemed to recede. “ He will torture
you. I—”

  11	You what, dear?”

  “ He won’t let me talk any more,” the
girl concluded wearily.

  There was complete silence again. Mat-
teson called Alice’s name, but she did not
answer. In his disappointment and his
alarm at what might be happening to her,
he screamed at the man a “ Hey, you,”
followed by an oath, before he realized
that it might reach Alice’s ears.

  “ Will you yield?” the voice asked sud-
denly.

  “ No,” Matteson shouted. “ You can
go to the devil. Don’t yield either, Alice.”
He was in the clutch of red anger now.
He struggled violently to free his legs of
the thongs which bound them, but he could
not. His hands groped down to his feet,
seeking a knot, but they only found that a
leather thong ran away from his feet be-
yond his reach.

  “ Staked out in the grass, I guess,” he
told himself.

  As he straightened up his eyes were ar-
rested by another speck of light. It was
of a greenish hue now, and it grew with ex-
treme slowness. Matteson thought he
must have sat there for half an hour be-
fore it became as large as an egg.

  It began then to radiate a greenish light.
Tiny, wavering tongues licked out from it
and receded into it. Still it grew. Pres-
ently it was as big as Matteson’s hand, an
oblong of sickening green.

  Matteson gazed at the light in complete
fascination. He had not known that such
a glow could be generated. Suddenly the
light stopped growing. It paled, and then
in the center appeared the head of a snake.

  It was a dull, mottled head at first, and
it hung there in the center of’the light per-
fectly motionless. The eyes were closed.

  Then, as Matteson watched, the head
moved slowly from side to side. The
mouth was opened. The inside of it was
blood-red. A red tongue darted out.
There was a single hiss, and then the air
was full of a rushing, hissing sound.

  Matteson felt cold sweat break out on
his body. Like most normal men, he
loathed and feared snakes of all kinds. To
be lying here helpless with that moving
head, red-fanged and venomous, within a
few feet of him, was enough to shake any
man’s nerve.

  He thought of Alice’s father. Doubt-
less he had been through some such ordeal
as this. But he had been in India. Mat-
teson was in America.

  And yet, was he in America? How long
had he slept? There had been that rail-
way journey. He had heard of suspended
animation, too. Could he have been trans-
ported over the sea without his knowing
it. Was he beyond the help of Jack Doyle?

  While these thoughts and questions had
flashed through his brain he had kept his
eyes on the snake’s head. Now he saw the
light waver, and then it ran swiftly along
the snake’s body. The body writhed.
There was a full twenty feet of it.

 “ God, keep me sane,” Matteson
groaned.

  The body of the snake slowly undulated.
THE GREAT BURMESE.

265

It began to move toward Matteson. Its
mouth was open. It hissed. And again
the room was filled with that hissing sound.

  “ And now?” said the voice.

  The tone was as implacable as death it-
self. Matteson understood from it that
this was the crisis which the man sought.
Matteson must yield or suffer himself to be
embraced by the coils of the snake.

  He tried to speak, but no words came.
He never knew afterward just what it was
that he had been going to say.

  There was a crash back of him. He
heard some object fall to the ground, or
the floor, or whatever it was that he sat
upon. Three flash-lights shot their rays
across the room. They illumined Matte-
son’s captor. He stood just beyond the
snake, the lovely woman whose face Mat-
teson had seen beside him.

  There was a gleam of metal in the man’s
hand. But back of Matteson there were
two pistol shots, one after the other. Mat-
teson saw the man’s hand drop. His other
had clutched at his breast.

  Then there was the snap of an electric
switch. The place was flooded with light.
The lovely woman stood with her hand on
the switch. She was staring at the man.

  He had been swaying. Now he sudden-
ly pitched forward on his face and lay still.

  “ A little rough work,” said Jack Doyle’s
voice behind Matteson. “ I said a little
rough work would do it, and I guess it
has. I’ve been within fifty feet of you
ever since you and this crook left your
apartment. Some good shadowing, if I
do say it.”

  “ You have killed the Great Burmese,”
the woman at the switch stated.

  “ I don’t doubt it,” said Doyle. “ But
[ guess he had it coming to him, my dear.'
Just who is the Great Burmese?”

CHAPTER VII.

WHO HE WAS.

“rT"1HE Great Burmese—” the woman
     began.

         “ Just a moment, please,” Mat-
teson interrupted. “ Rip these thongs off
me, Jack, will you?”

  Doyle cut the thongs and Matteson
stood up. For a moment he could not
move. Then, when he could, darts of pain
shot through his legs as restoration of cir-
culation began.

  He walked slowly and painfully over to
the woman.

  “ Where is Miss Wendell?” he de-
manded.

  Before the woman could reply Alice ap-
peared at the other side of the room. Mat-
teson ran to her, despite his stiffness, and
swept her into his arms. Before them all
he kissed her.

  “ What you must have suffered,” he
said.

  Alice freed herself and held up her head.
She was a little pale still beneath her tan,
but that proud lift of her head belied
weakness.

  “ Thoroughbred,” Doyle murmured.

  “ No,” Alice laughed to Matteson, so
low that the others could not hear, “ just
health from the lil oP garden.”

  Matteson gazed into her eyes for a long,
fond minute. Then he turned about and
surveyed his surroundings curiously.

  He saw that he was amid stage settings.
What he had lain upon and had thought
was dry grass was a large mat. The ave-
nues of trees were mere drops.

  “ The ride on the train?” he questioned
the woman. “ That utter darkness?”

  “ A window before you and a revolving
mechanism beyond the window,” she an-
swered. “ The other, black velvet curtains
dropping down from those rollers.”

  Matteson looked up and saw the rollers
with the heavy curtains wound around
them.

  “ They moved on oiled springs,” the wo-
man said.

  “ That unearthly light and that whis-
tling wind and the hissing.”

  “ Stage effects, all.”

  “ Well, who was the Great Burmese?”
Doyle asked.

  “ Don’t you ever go to the theater?
Didn’t you ever see the Great Burmese on
the big time? He was the best of them all
till a couple of years ago, when the dope
got him.”

  “ Oh, that gink,” said Doyle. “ Yeh,
266

ALL - STORY WEEKLY.

I’ve seen him. He was a wiz. What hap-
pened him?”

  “ He was a Burmese,” the woman said.
“ He came to this country years ago and
was educated in one of the big colleges
here. He had a lot of stuff—magic stuff—
at his fingers’ ends. He was a hypnotist,
a ventriloquist, and a sleight-of-hand man.

  “ You saw how he held that girl sus-
pended in the air, Matteson. That used
to be one of his tricks on the stage. Other
people did it, too, but nobody ever did it
the way he did. Of course it was a trick,
but he always put it over big.”

  “ Did he know Miss Wendell’s father?”
Matteson asked.

  The woman uttered a low chuckle.

  " Of course he knew Wendell,” she an-
swered. “ The Great Burmese went to
India every year or so to get stuff for his
acts. Wendel], had gone over there with
his pretty daughter to see what there was
in the Indian dope. The Great Burmese
got him in tow. It wasn't hard. Wendell
was looking for something, and the Great
Burmese set out to make sure he got it in
good measure.”

  “ But the Great Burmese had left the
stage then, according to your statement,”
Matteson said.

  “ Sure, he had left the stage then. He
had been using dope for years. Queer
stuff, too. Not often used. Belladonna.
Well, on his way to India he stopped in
London and got an engagement. He had
to have it. His money was most gone.
Besides the dope he had another weakness.
He played the American stock market. He
had a system all his own. 1 don’t know
just what it was, but it kept him poor.

  " Well, I was with him, you might as
well know, and we got so low in funds that
he was without his medicine for nearly two
days. Then when he got some he went to
it hard. Just before he was to go on with
his act he took a big dose, an overdose, I
guess. Anyway, in the middle of his act
he got a kind of a stroke of paralysis.
They had to carry him off the stage. For
a good many hours he was delirious, and
then he went into a stupor and almost
smothered to death.

  “ I thought that when he come to he

would be broken-hearted, because that
story would travel all through the theatri-
cal world—and did. But he had nerve,
the Great Burmese. He had a few blank
minutes. Then he sat up in bed and said:

  “ ‘ Well, that’s the end of the Great Bur-
mese so far as the world will know. I’m
done with trickery on the stage. But we
have to have the money. We will get the
money.’

  “ I’d been on the stage myself. After
four years of hard work I made the big
time. I met the Great Burmese in Pitts-
burgh. He thought pretty well of me from
the start. My engagement ended in Pitts-
burgh, and the Great Burmese married me.

  “ When we found ourselves broke in
London town, I went singing in the music
halls. We saved every cent we could, and
then we went to India. There the Great
Burmese met this Wendell. Wendell was
looking for something, and the Great- Bur-
mese had that something right in his mitt.
Excuse me. He nearly had it, I mean.

  “ In four days he had Wendell so con-
fused that Wendell didn’t know whether
he was coming or going. He put Wendell
through this stuff he was beginning to put
Matteson through to-night. Then he gave
him a piece of glass and told him it was a
sacred sapphire.

  “ Oh, yes, I forgot. He didn’t let Wen-
dell know, of course, that he was playing
a game. At the proper moment, when
snakes were all around Wendell, and bats
were flying, and the wind was whistling,
and the air was full of that awful hissing,
he rescued Wendell. Then he gave him
the sapphire.

  “ He told Wendell never to part with
the sapphire. That was pure bunk. The
girl threw it into the sea when she per-
suaded her father to lake ship for home.
The old man couldn’t stand the gaff and
died.

  “ The Great Burmese thought he could
put it over on the daughter, and he left a
stone for her by way of preliminary. It
got her nerve, too, at the start. She told
us last night that she fainted.

  “But when we got her here she was
just plain stubborn. She wouldn’t agree
to give the Great Burmese her money. So
THE GREAT BURMESE.

267

after he had left a stone for you, Matte-
son, he had you brought here and started
to put you through his third degree. He
thought he could break your nerve as he
had broken Wendell’s. He expected then
that the girl would yield. And I guess she
would have if these gentlemen hadn’t
broken down the door when they did.”

  The woman sighed deeply.

  “ We’d have been on easy street,” she
said.

  “ Why didn’t the Great Burmese, as you
call him, get Wendell’s money from him?”
Doyle asked.

  “ He had the promise of it as soon as
Wendell got to the U. S. A.,” she answered.
“ We followed him and his daughter right
over, but the old man died, don’t you
know? That made the Great Burmese
start all over again with the girl.”

  “ But Wendell surely didn’t believe that
he had to give up his money to the Great
Burmese, did he?” Matteson asked.

  “ Believe,” the woman said with a touch
of real scorn in her voice, “ why, he
didn’t believe anything. He didn’t have
to believe anything. He was just plain
rattled. The Great Burmese had him tied
up in a knot. Wendell’s brain was right
on the edge of the precipice when the
Great Burmese got through with him. One
little push would have sent it over.

  “ You ought to know the nervous condi-
tion he was in, Matteson. You had got
only a sample of the stuff that Wendell got
and you were beginning to sweat blood
yourself, weren’t you?”

  “ I wasn’t very comfortable,” Matteson
admitted.

  “ You weren’t born in India, were you?”
Doyle asked. “ You ain’t no Burmese
yourself.”

  “ I was born in the East,” the woman
said. Then she laughed a low, mocking
laugh. “ The East Side of New York,”
she added.

  “ The Great Burmese was crazy, wasn’t
he?” Doyle asked.

  “ He said he wasn't,” she answered.
“ He said he was sane. He’d say that
oftenest when he was fullest of belladonna.
Along toward the last he said everybody
else was crazy, though.”

   Plain nuts,” said Doyle. “ A good
sleight-of-hand man, but a bum black-
mailer. A little old policeman’s gun will
spoil any trick like that ever invented—in
this here Burmese place or in this village.

  “ Are you going, Matteson? You might
as well. The rest of this will be disagree-
able. I guess you can borrow the car the
Great Burmese had. He’s got a white
chariot of his own now. Well, s’long. G’-
by, Miss Wendell. I don’t claim your ac-
quaintance. I’m just a policeman. But
I’m glad I laid eyes on you. It does a
man good to see the likes of you when he
goes up against the tricks of folks like the
Great Burmese. Get out of my way, you! ”

  He kicked the mechanical snake aside
and walked over to the fallen magician.

  Matteson and Alice went into the street
and got into the machine which had borne
Matteson to the house. Matteson started
it. They did not speak for a long time.
Alice leaned against Matteson’s shoulder
and rested.

  At last Matteson looked down at her.

  “ W’hy did you leave home without let-
ting me know, Alice?” he asked. “ Why
did you leave at all? And how did you
go?”

  “ The Great Burmese told me I was not
to marry you,” she said. “ He explained
to-night that that was the first lesson in
obedience for me. He wanted to know if
I had broken my engagement to you.”

  “ He had his nerve,” Matteson said.
“ You couldn’t break that engagement
with a sledge-hammer.”

  “ When I went into the house he phoned
me to meet him,” she went on. “ We are
only two miles from my house, you know.
He said he would get you in his power and
kill you unless I obeyed. I believed he
would do it. I took a coat and a veil and
let myself out the front door without being
seen by the servants.

  “ I was hiding in the shadow of the trees
when you came back. I had seen the light
of your returning car. I didn’t know it
was your car, of course, but I hid just the
same.

  “ The Great. Burmese met me up the
road and brought me to that house we
have just left. I was stubborn, as he said.
268

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

He made me weary. But when he brought
you to the house and began to try to scare
you, I didn’t know what to do. Doyle
came just in time.”

They fell silent again. Presently they
neared Alice’s house.

(The

    “ My, that looks good to me,” Alice said.
    “ Would there be room for two in that
    lil oF garden of yours, Alice?”

   “ Right away?” she asked.

   “ Right away.”

   “You b-e-t!”

end.)

Belden

THERE’S nothing the matter with the
English language except the words
in it. If you say ’em separately they
don't mean anything, and if you say ’em in
bunches they generally mean something
that ain’t so. “ They never come back,”
for instance. You hear that and you be-
lieve it, until all of a sudden you begin to
see it the other way. I guess the truth is
that most generally they don’t never come
back, but sometimes they do.

  You can't tell that to Macklin, though.
Him and me are likely to agree once in a
while, in spite of bein’ pals for twenty-five
years, but whenever we take a vote on, this
comeback question, the result is unani-
mous. He says they never do come back,
and to prove it he’s got two arguments no-
body can’t answer. The one he uses when
the Fly-by-Xights are winnin’ is that if a
fellow comes back it’s a sign he’s never
been away; and when we’re losin’ he gets
real clever and allows that he hates to hear
any person talk like a damn fool.

  What started us quarrelin’ about it was
somethin’ that happened in 1914-

  We had a regular team that year. Our
battin’ order would remind you of March
17, and our infielders could most generally
stay in the game, even if they did fall over
a piece of chewing gum.

  Macklin had four of our suits sittin’
around, disgraced by what was in ’em, from
April to the end of August. Mack had
picked ’em out of the crowd of youngsters
we took to Texas, for reasons which he con-
fided to me voluntarily after I asked him.
Fie says: “ Well, I suppose there must be
some reason why that bunch of bushers we
started with should live and call themselves
a ball-player, but, if so, it has been hid
from me in the case of all except these four.
Perry,” he says, “ lays out to be a right-
handed pitcher, and you can see for your-
self he’s got a right arm, even if he ain’t
got any speed or control or judgment or
experience. Nelson and Bigbee,” he says,
“ assures me there ain’t no mistake about
their being outfielders, and says they’ll
make Ty*Cobb look sick, showin’ that they
are cultured and read the classics, which is
the kind of fellows you want to uplift your
A DOUBLE DOUBLE-PLAY.

269

team. And that there little Radford that
aims to be an infielder,” he says, “ of
course he looks like little Eva, and ain’t got
any pep, and don’t never field a ball he
ain’t been introduced to, and thinks a bat is
a ornament. But he’s got brains,” says
Macklin, “ yes, you can see he’s got brains,
because he don't never say nothin’.”

  So that there male quartet stayed with
us right through the season, drinkin’ up the
water and drawin’ their pay. Up to the
18th of August there wasn’t a one of them
had ever took part in a regular game.

  We sure had some team, though, leavin’
out them drawbacks on the bench, and we
had figured to walk away with the flag, so
it jolted us considerable to have the Whirl-
winds grab the lead late in June and hold
it right through July and on up to the
middle of August. Most of the time they
weren’t more than a half a game ahead of
us, but when they’d lose, we’d lose, and
when we’d win, they’d win, and every time
we’d play each other we’d take turns win-
nin’ and finish up where we began.

  It was on the 18th of August that they
come to town on their last Eastern trip, with
their little old half-game lead tucked away
in their bat-bag, and every man on the
team ready to go the limit to keep it there.
We’d got it through our head by this time
that there was something besides days be-
tween us and the World's Series, and when
we went on the field for the first game, we
knew we’d got to either win it some way
or else win it some other way.

  There was a big crowd in the stands, and
they went crazy over the stunts our infield
pulled in practise, but Macklin didn’t.
After he’d batted 'em out a few, he let
Mason take his place and come over to
where I was hittin’ to the outfield.

  “ Keegan don’t look very good,” he says.

  Keegan was the guy that played short.

  I looked just in time to see him scoop a
grounder with one hand and curve it across
to first. The stands went wild—they al-
ways fall for that one-handed stuff, and
they didn’t notice the throw was three feet
short.

  “ He never was no star,” I says.

  “ If I had a short-stop to match up with
the rest of the team,” says Mack, “ I’d

never lose a game. I’d have an infield,”
he says, “ like we had twenty years ago,
when you and me and Tex Harvey batted
400 and won all them pennants for the
Bluebirds.”

  I hate anybody to start talking about
Jhe old Richmond Bluebirds—even Mack.
It always takes me back to that year when
our great team was broke up, and makes
me feel the way I did after it was all over,
and I hadn’t anything left to do but sit
around and remember that the standing of
the clubs wouldn’t show the name of Rich-
mond any more, that the two best pals I
ever had was gone—Macklin to New York,
and Tex Harvey dead of pneumonia—and
that I didn’t have no job.

   I like the Fly-by-Nights. They’re a great
little bunch of ball-tossers. But there’ll
never be another team like the Bluebirds,
and Mack knows it as well as I do. In
them days him and me could field a bunt
without failin’ over our stomach, and, along
with Harvey and Blair, we made an in-
field you couldn’t have broke through with
a machine-gun.

  Most folks have forgotten old Tex Har-
vey, but he was the best short-stop ever
lived, and a regular guy besides. He was
a black-haired, brown-eyed fellow, big and
tall, and he would kill a sure two-bagger
with one hand as if it wasn’t any trouble at
all, the same time he was tellin’ the pitcher
how great he was goin’, and the umpire
what a piece of cheese he was, and the
batter, how you can’t hit ’em when you
can’t see ’em. He wasn’t afraid of nothin’,
on the field or off, but when he got outside
of his suit he was pretty quiet and retirin’,
like you wouldn’t expect. He used to think
a lot and read books and tell Mack and me
about what he read until we’d josh the life
out of him.

  I know one day he sprung this here re-
incarnation stuff on us. He says when you
die you ain’t through with this world: you
come back and have a lot more lives. He
believed it, too—used to plan what he’d do
in his next life. Silly, wasn’t it? Most as
silly, maybe, as plannin’ what you’ll do in
this life. We guyed him a lot about the
idea, but he was strong for it.

   “ You wait,” he says to us about a hun-
270

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

dred times, “ until after I’m dead. Some'
day you’ll need me, and then I’ll come back
and show you.”

  I think the reason he rooted so hard for
this here reincarnation was on account of
Ivy Waverley. He figured, I guess, that
him and her hadn’t had a fair chance, and
that the only way they’d ever get one was
by startin’ all over again. Of course it
wasn't their fault they never met each other
until after they was both married, and if
they had been a lot of people it wouldn’t
have stopped ’em for more than a minute
at the outside. But, like« all good sports,
they was so narrow-minded that all they
could see was to play the game out, and
that’s what they done.

  One day in the summer, Harvey told me,
they met and figured out just where they
stood, and after that nobody ever seen ’em
together again. Once in a long while she’d
come out to a game and sit in a field-box
down back of third, and she’d seem to be
lookip’ at every fellow on the team except
old Tex. And,him out there spittin’ on his
hands and hittin’ home-runs over the fence
—hittin’ ’em just for her, you know, like
another fellow ’d wave his cap to his girl
if he seen her in the stand—but never once
lookin’ her way.

  And once, in the winter, Tex and I went
to New York to see “The Skyrocket.”
when she was starrin’ in it, and it ran three,
hundred nights on Broadway. We sat in a
stage-box, but if Tex ever give one look at
her or her at him. they done it while I was
winkin’. But did she play to him? Oh,
boy I

  I don’t know whatever became of Ivy
Waverley after Harvey died. Richmond
was her home, and she was there at the
time, but she didn’t come to his funeral,
and I seen in the paper where she’d had a
baby only the day before. I kind of forgot
her. I guess, for I was feelin’ bad about
Tex bein’ dead, and then about the team
bein’ broke up all of a sudden, and finally
about findin’ out that the clubs there was
left in the League was able to get along
without me on their payroll. And now,
whenever anybody says anything about the
old Bluebirds, them same feelin’s come back
and make me grouchy.

  So when Mack says if he had a short-
stop he’d have a team»as good as the Blue-
birds, I says to him: “ Yes.” I says, “ and
if you had a team like that, they’d prob-
ably be lookin’ for a manager to match up
with them, and if they found him,” I says,
“ where would you go to?”

  There was plenty of ways he could of
come back at me, but he didn’t, so we laid
off the repartee and started out to win that
game.

  I’ve seen some rotten ball-playin’, but I
never in my life lamped anything as bad as
what Keegan pulled that day. He only
stopped one grounder all afternoon, and
that was the one he heaved ten feet over
Jackson’s, head into the grand stand, and
when he was up to the bat he missed the
signs half the time, and the rest of the
time he missed the ball.

  “ For the love, of Mike,” I says to Mack,
“ take that guy out of the game before he
loses his last chance to die a natural death.”
“ Sure,” says- Mack. “ And then whVll
I send in? Johnson, on crutches? Or that
little Radford you’re so crazy over? Or
maybe you’re figurin’ to play short your-
self. You sure would cover a lot of ground,”
he says, “ if you would lay down on it.”

  I didn’t say nothin’ back. You couldn’t
blame old Mack for bein’ sore, and, besides,
he owed me one‘for what I’d said before
the game. So I set around and<prayed for
a lucky break.

  It come, all right, only when I first seen
it I didn’t exactly call it lucky. It was in
the seventh, with us one run behind and
Keegan on second—where he’d got to by
strikin’ out on a wild pitch—and two out.
Darragh lines a single to center long-enough
to have scored a elephant if he had of
started at the crack of the bat, but this
here poor dub of a Keegan forgets how
many’s out or something, for he holds his
base till he sees where the ball’s goin’. Even
then he has a chance to make it, but Fraser
cuts loose with a great throw, and Riley tags
Keeg out just as he slides into the plate.

  And as if that wasn’t bad enough, Keeg
gives a sort of a smothered choke and rolls
over, and when they straighten him out,
there they find my lucky break in the poor
boob’s left leg, just above the ankle.
A DOUBLE DOUBLE-PLAY.

271

  It hurt him pretty bad, I guess, for in a
minute he started to groan, and when they
carried him off he hollered so everybody
could hear him. But he didn’t get much
sympathy from Mack or me. We was both
tryin’ to think what we’d do for a short-
stop. Then I turned back to the bench and
seen this here little Radford throwin’ a few
to Anderson.

  “ I forgot you was alive,” I says to him.
“ You act like you thought you was goin’ to
play short.”

  He give me a queer kind of a look, and
so help me, he was the color of a new ball!

  Our team started to take the field, and
Mack nodded to him. “ Go ahead,” says
Mack, cheerful as a ball-park in a snow-
storm. “ There’s a rule says we’ve got to
put nine men in the field, so I can’t help it.
Don’t get in the way.”

  I’ll bet the boys in the center-field bleach-
ers could see that kid shake when he walked
across the diamond. As long as I’ve lived
in this world I’ve never seen anybody so
scared. I had a vision of a parade of gray
suits crossin’ the home-plate, and a box-
score showin’ “ Errors—Radford 8.”

  Jimmy Wendell was the first man up, and
he started kiddin’ like he always does.

  “ Hey, you little busher,” he yells to
Radford, first thing, “ you better get out of
the way. You can’t hold the one I’m goin’
to hit.”

  The kid didn’t even spit in his glove. He
stood there all out of position, like a man
only half awake.

  Wendell looked at two low ones, and then
one come to him high and on the outside
and he landed on it. He sent it sizzlin’
down to short, and I give him a base hit the
second it left his bat. A good short-stop
might have got it, but this here poor little
simp—well, he scoops her up and shoots her
over to first while I’m still watchin’ for her
out in center.

  “ Hey, you big busher,” he yells to Wen-
dell. “ You better go sit on the bench.
Who told you you could hit?” And,
“ Come on, Paddy,” he yells to old Bates,
who he was afraid to say “ Hello!” to in
the clubhouse. “ Put ’em over, and show
up this bunch. They can’t get nothin’ past
this infield.”

  I set there like a fool and stared at him.
I swear he’d grown a foot. His face had
changed so you wouldn’t know him. All
the lines in it had straightened out, as if
they’d found out, all of a sudden, where
they was goin’. His color had turned from
quittin’-white to fightin’-red.

  ’Twasn’t so much the change in his looks
that got me goin’, though—I’ve seen men
before who looked different once they was
under fire—but the easy way he dug up
that grounder, and the lightnin’ snap of his
throw, and the aggravatin’ nerve of him
prancin’ around on one foot and guyin’ old
Wendell, and every expression of his face
and every motion of his body—each one of
’em sent me further up in the air, until
finally I flew clear back over twenty years
and come down and found I was in Rich-
mond—back in old Richmond, with Tex
Harvey playin’ short in front of me just as
sure as he ever played it in his life. Some-
where in my head I could hear his voice:
“ Wait till I’m dead. Some day you’ll need
me, and then I'll come back and—”

  Just then Wilson fans for the third out,
and the kid come walkin’ into the bench,
with the crowd, that always loves to see a
youngster make good, givin’ him a cheer
that made the flagpole shake. Sure’s you’re
bom I was gettin’ up to go out and meet
him and give him the glad hand, when all
of a sudden it come over me: Does he
know he’s Harvey, or don’t he? And I
looked and seen him laughin’ and wavin’ his
cap to the crowd, just a happy kid, and I
knew he didn’t know.

  In a minute old Mack was by me.
“What’s come to him?” he says.- “He
looks like a different man.”

  I seen Mack hadn't recognized him.
That wasn’t as queer as you’d think,
though. Mack is a different kind of a guy
from me. He’s always thinkin’ about what
he’s doin’ now, instead’of what he used to
do once, or what he’s goin’ to do some time.

I	guess he’s right. If I had of done that
way, maybe I’d be a manager, too, instead
of a Second Assistant Nobody. If a guy’s
dead, Mack ain’t interested in him — his
business is with live ones—and I don’t be-
lieve he thought of old Tex more ’n once
in a year. So I played up to him.
272

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I kind of think he looks like somebody
I’ve seen before,” I says.

  “ Sure he does,” says Mack, just begin-
nin’ to get it. “ He looks like—like—say,
Buck, he looks like old Tex Harvey! ”

  “ You said it,” I lets out, and then I
starts in with the don’t-you-remembers.
Believe me, I had some speed, for I got
the whole situation mapped out for him
while we was walkin’ out to the cdlthin’
lines. He listened hard, and I thought I
had him as excited as I was,’but when I
got done he spit and says: “ Ah, your
gran’mother! Are you supposed to be
coachin’ on first or tellin’ fairy stories?”
So I had to beat it over to first.

  Willis was up first, hittin’ for Bates,
whose battin’ average ain’t much more ’n
a rumor. He singled to left. Then Kelly
and Sullivan popped out, but Darragh
walked and McCullagh singled to the in-
field.

  Of course the crowd was crazy, standin’
up and wavin’ their arms, and yellin’ for a
homer, like they always do when a single
is all you need, and when they seen young
Radford cornin’ up with a bat pretty near
as big as he was, they went crazier than
ever and hollered: “You can do it, kid!”
as if he had of been Ty Cobb.

  The way he swung his stick, and the way
he stood up to the plate showed he was
votin’ with the majority and believed he
could do it. I’ll bet the players, and may-
be some of them rummies in the press-box,
was the only people in sight who had a
suspicion that maybe he couldn’t.

  He was too green, or something, to look
around for orders, and the funny thing was
Mack never offered to give him none. From
that I figured Mack hadn’t really no more
doubts than I had about who it was that
had crowded himself into the line-up. No-
body ever would of dreamed of tellin’ Tex
Harvey how to hit.

  “ There’s only one thing left for him to
do,” I thought to myself, and I hadn’t any
more than thought it when he done it. Ho
landed on the first ball and cracked it on a
line over first. It hit the fence a foot from
the top and caromed off down toward the
gate. Wendell was lucky to get it back in
time to hold him on third.

  He might as well have let him go home,
though. That wallop put us two runs to
the good and give us back our confidence,
and in their half of the ninth they went out
one-two-three.

  I was crazy to get Mack alone, but he
sneaked off some place, and it wasn’t until
next morning that we got together. I come
out to the ball park early, and he was in
the clubhouse.

  “ Well,” he says to me first thing, “ how’s

2	Grimm’s Fairy Tales,’ or is it the ‘ Arabian
Nights ’? Seen any more ghosts since yes-
terday?”

  “ What I seen yesterday I was strong for,
and I’m just as strong for it to-day — I
come back at him. Tex Harvey,” I says,
“ told us if we needed him after he was
dead, he’d come back. He always done
what he said he’d do, and—he has come
back, that’s all.”

  Mack looked at me a minute, and then
he says: “ Lewis, you sure are an easy
mark. 1 ain’t denyin’ this kid did look like
Harvey, once he got out there and got
started. It give me an awful jolt, I’ll ad-
mit, and for a while I was dopey enough
to fall for the same fool stuff you’re failin’
for. But Jack Coleman, that developed this
boy, is over at the Colonial, and I seen him
last night, and what he told me cleared the
whole thing up.

  “ Seems this Radford’s mother was an
actress. Coleman knew her—that’s how he
come to take the kid. He says she was a
dandy, once the show got started, but at
rehearsals she was a dub—couldn’t do a
thing, and acted scared to death into the
bargain. Her managers would nearly go
crazy, thinkin’ she’d be a frost, and then, on
the openin’ night, she’d jump in and put it
all over everybody in sight. Just about
what the kid done yesterday, if you notice.

  “ Well, her name on the stage was Ivy
Waverley. Ever hear it before? She was
married to a man named Radford. And
this youngster was born in Richmond the
clay before Harvey’s funeral.”

  He stopped and looked at me like he’d
handed me a knock-out. I set there a little
bit, and then it begun to come over me
what he was drivin’ at. And then I started
gettin’ mad.
A DOUBLE DOUBLE-PLAY.

273

“ Looka here, Mack,” I says. “ you’ve But sometimes, when I look up all of a

got a great little idea there, but there’s just-	sudden and see the livin’ image of old Tex

one thing you’ve left out.”	scoopin’ a grounder or takin’ a crack at a

“ Shoot it!” he says.	fast one, it’s all I can do to keep from goin’

“ You’ve left out Tex Harvey,” I says,	up and mittin’ him and askin’ him what it

“ You’ve forgot the kind of a guy he was.	was like out there where he was after he

Nobody can make me believe he pulled off	died.

anything like what you mean. He was a And Mack keeps right on claimin’ there’s

regular fellow,” I says, “ and he didn’t do	nothin’ to it. His way of figurin’ it, he

such things.”	says, is the only one worth talkin’ about.

And as much as we’ve talked about it Just the same, I’ve heard there’s guys

since, we’ve never got any further than that,	with big league brains—guys that knows

Of course we’ve got used to seein’ Rad-	how to use their head for somethin’ besides

ford show the way to all the short-stops in	to stop an inshoot—that allows this here

both leagues, and we’ve got wise to how	reincarnation stuff is the right dope, and

he’ll change, the second he gets into the	are willin’ to lay their bets on it up to the

game, from the original Yellow Kid with	longest odds in the book.
the frostbitten feet, into the gamest guy in Well, as I said to start, I guess most gen-

the world, that ain't never licked, not even	erally they don’t never come back, but

when he’s beaten.	sometimes they do.

U	U	U	U

AFTER A DAY AND A YEAR

             BY VIOLA BROTHERS SHORE

                    I MET you after a day and a year,

                          And you said: “ Well, well, will you look who’s here!”

                    There was a day we walked through the park
                    Bejore the twilight was lost in the dark—

                     Dreams are made oj the things you said that day,

                    And the things you did not have to say.

                    And I said: “ Winthrop! How’ve you been?

                      My saints and stars, but you’re getting thin!”

                    Once we wandered hand in hand
                    Along the edge oj the sea-kissecl sand—

                     Along the edge oj the sand-kissed sea
                     Together into Arcady.

                      And you said: “ Well, upon my life!

                    Vi! I want you to meet my wife!”

                     There was the day we said good-by,

With tears that lije could never dry—

                    Our youth lay buried—our sun had set—

                      Love like ours could not jorget.

     7	A-S

                      I met you after a day and a year,

                       And you said: “ Well, well, will you look who’s here!.”
Author of " Rajah of Hell Island,” " Malay Gold,” " Nnala O’Malley,” etc.

PRECEDING CHAPTERS BRIEFLY RETOLD

 IT was in Singapore that Dave Perkins. American and broke, met Buck, another American, in a
 restaurant where Sultan Lumpur, of Kuala Gajah, attended by Candelario, a half-caste, was
 also lunching. Buck oi'l'ered Dave a position as interpreter on an archeological expedition that
 he was joining, in spite of the fact that Dave could speak no language other than English. On
 their way to the ship they met Captain Fong Tsai, a Chinese friend of Buck's, and skipper of the
 ship that was to carry the party, the Maria Buck, named after Buck's wife, who had returned to
 the United States.

      The scientific status of the members of the expedition was questionable, at least. It was made
 up of Traddle, a stout trader who was paying the bills; Kelpy, an Irish-Australian; Macfarlane, a
 Scotchman; Captain Marshall, an English remittance-man; and Findlay, an American. They had
 secured a permit from the Sultan to make excavations on his royal preserves on Hell Island, in the
 Godung River, and it was at the Sultan's request that Professor Graves and his niece, Leora, were
 allowed to join the party.

      When they reached the river, Candelario tried to poison Professor Graves, and when his guilt
 was discovered jumped overboard and disappeared. They hired some natives to clear the under-
 bush. Dave fell into the room of a house of a buried city, and while there heard Traddle kill
 Macfarlane, who, before he died, accused the half-caste of being in league with the Sultan in a
 plot to rob the adventurers of the treasure they were seeking.

     They were to look for four statues of Buddha, and after they found these Traddle came back
 to the ship and told the others that he had found Findlay dead. By this time Kelpy and Marshall
 were becoming suspicious of the stout trader.

CHAPTER VI.

SULTAN LUMPUR.

THAT same night, Kelpy came out
flat-footed with the truth. Whether
the death of Findlay had anything
to do with it, I don't know; but Kelpy
asked us all. except Fong T’sai, of course,
down to the cabin, and there laid bare
everything.

We sat around the big mahogany table.

 Buck and I and the Graveses, and Mar-
 shall. Fat Traddle was there, not looking
 very humorous, and Marshall sat and
 pawed his mustache and watched Miss
 Graves. Kelpy did most of the talking.

 “ We must be askin’ your pardon, Pro-
 fessor Graves,” said he, with his most en-

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for June 7.

274

 gaging smile. “ You see, we’re not arche-
 ologists, in the strict sense of the term.

   “ I thought as much,” said Graves dryly.
 Kelpy gave him a cheerful grin.

   “ We thought ye did, maybe! Well,
 some time ago our late friend Findlay, may
 he rest in peace, heard about a treasure
 that had been found here on Hell Island,
 lie got us together to come and pick it up.
 Findlay had got the tale from a sick native,
 and he was a little vague in places, but not
 on the important points. I’ll now relate it
 to you!”

   Treasure! I glanced at Buck, feeling
 pretty excited. But I felt a lot more ex-
 cited when Kelpy told us what the native
 had told Findlay.

   It seemed that the native had got lost in
J '	FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.	275

I

the ruined city. He had found four statues
of Buddha, and one of those statues had a
swastika carved on the base—the others did
not. The one with the swastika had a
hollow base with a room inside: it was
gained by a loose stone in the back, and
the native had found a tremendous lot of
jewels there. He had carried off a few,
leaving the rest, and before he died he gave
one to Findlay.

  Findlay had given it to Traddle as his
share of the expenses, and as proof of his
story. It was a ruby, and Traddle had
sold it for five hundred pounds, which is
five times as much in dollars.

  “ That, ladies and gentlemen, is why
we’re here,” said Kelpy. “ We had no in-
tention of imposin’ on you, Mr. Graves, but
we were forced to cover up the mptives of
our expedition very carefully. By this time
to-morrow night we hope to be at sea with
the loot aboard; and so Captain Marshall
and I agreed that it was only right to lay
bare everything. Mr. Traddle agreed, too.”

  He gave Traddle a look, and I judged
that Traddle had agreed because he was
forced to. Kelpy and Marshall were not
missionaries by a long shot, but they were
not so bad as they might have been.

  “ Furthermore an’ besides,” went on
Kelpy, with a smile at Miss Graves, “ when
we find the jewels to-morrow, we would be
charmed to present our queen of beauty
with her choice of the lot, in token of our
high regard and esteem. I might add that
we have decided to take care of Mr. Buck
also, who has served us faithfully, and out
of his share he may do what he desires for
Mr. Perkins—who is not strictly our em-
ployee.”

  That looked mighty white, and Miss
Graves said so. She made a beautiful
speech and wished them all kinds of luck,
and said that maybe she would take the
smallest stone in the bunch just for a
souvenir. Then Buck spoke up, with his
wabbly grin.

  “ Don’t perspicutate your chickens before
they’re hatched, Kelpy,” he said. “ How
d’you know that Findlay told you the truth
about where the jewels are?”

  That staggered them all for a minute.
They had not thought about that.

  “ Oh, I say,” spoke up Marshall, “ don’t
be a blooming pessimist, Buck! Cheer-o!”
“ Buck’s right,” I said. “ Besides, you’re
forgotten something mighty important.”

  “ What’s that?” said Kelpy sharply.

  “ Did Findlay have any map or chart
of the place?” I asked.

  “ No,” said Kelpy, studying me. “ There
was none needed, of course—”

  “ All right, that cinches it!” I said, lean-
ing back. “ Yes, sir, that cinches it!”
Everybody was staring at me, and Kelpy,
Traddle, and Marshall were the most dis-
turbed men you ever saw.

 “Here!” snapped Kelpy quickly.
“ What are you drivin’ at anyway?”

  “ Why, the map!” I says, calm and con-
fident. “ Now, gentlemen, I’ve read con-
siderable about treasure hunts and buried
cities and so on; I’ve made a stud}' of it,
you might say, and it’s always done the
same way. Yes, sir! Everybody has to
have a map to begin with, or a chart; and
if there is none, then it stands to reason
something’s wrong. Now, if that Malay
had only drawn a chart for Findlay—”
They all started to laugh, and pretty soon
they roared.

  “ All right,” I said, getting up and going
to the door. “ If you think it’s a joke, just
you wait! I mean it.”

  That started them laughing again, and I
went up on deck, feeling angry.

  I went over to the rail and filled my pipe.
Just as I was lighting it I heard a step be-
hind me, and looked over my shoulder to see
Traddle coming. I dropped my hand to my
coat-pocket in a hurry, but he stopped and
locked at me.

  “ Perkins,” he said, “ I believe you have
brains! Did Findlay ever mention a map
to you?”

  Of course he had not, but I did not like
Traddle, so I thought I would worry him.

  “ I’ve got nothing to say about it one way
or the other,” I returned, watching him
pretty close. “ Maybe I should not have
butted in that way, not being a member of
this party. But you found Findlay’s body
—didn’t you find the map?”

  “ No,” said Traddle, before he thought.
“ There was none on him—that is, we didn’t
see any when we looked him over.”
276

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  I was feeling rather angry at everything
in general, and I turned on him.

  “ Look here, Traddle,” I said, “ that’s
enough from you. Believe me, I’ve got
your number, and you’d better be careful!
You murdered poor Macfarlane; I know it
all right, and if I can get his body dug up
I’ll prove it! I judge that you murdered
Findlay, too, and you were in cahoots with
Candelario when he tried to poison us. Now
you keep away from me, and from Miss
Graves, too, or I’ll make you pretty sick!”

  Traddle was mightily astonished, but he
was mad in a minute. As he stood there
in the starlight I saw his big face get dark
with blood, and his fat hands began to
shake. Then he gave a swift glance around
and saw that there was nobody in sight aft,
and he took a quick step toward me.

  “ Quit it!” I said, shoving my automatic
toward him. He was so surprised that he
jumped about a foot. Then he shook his
head.

  “ Poor young man!” he said in a solemn
voice. “ Still suffering from delusions!”

  “ You’ll suffer from something worse than
that if you come around me any more,” I
said.

  He turned around and beat it. I felt
mighty thankful that Buck had given me
that gun, because old Traddle had been all
ready to jump me. However, I thought I
had better not say anything about it even
to Buck, so I kept quiet. I could see that
Buck was worried about Miss Graves,
though I did not know why, and I did not
want to add to his troubles just then.

  That night Kelpy had paid off the
Malays and had sent them home, because
he did not want them around when the
jewels were brought out. So the next morn-
ing we were all up bright and early and
Fong T’sai put the boat with the engine out
for us, and we all piled in, even Miss Graves
and her uncle. He and I were able to walk
all right by this time.

  I judged that Buck had maybe told Fong
T’sai about the jewels, and that Fong knew
Kelpy did not trust him; because, as we
went toward the island, Fong T’sai stood
on the schooner’s rail and wratched us with
a faint, stony smile on his face.

  We landed, and started off through the

jungle by one of the tunnels which the
Malays had cut in the trees and vines. All
of us except Miss Graves had hatchets or
axes. After we had struggled along quite
a spell, Kelpy, who was ahead, turned and
waved his hand.

  “Here’s the statue!” he said to Miss
Graves. “ If you’ll wait here with your
uncle, we’ll scatter around and locate the
others. We must find the one with the
swastika.”

  Well, that statue was certainly a wonder!
It was bigger than any statue I had ever
seen; Buck, who paced off the shadow that
came down among the tree shadows, said
it was forty-five feet high. I judged he was
lying pretty free, because a body could not
tell anything by the length of a shadowy
but the statue was a big one. It was a
seated figure, with no particular outline ex-
cept the head, away up among the trees,
and the head must have been ten or twelve
feet in diameter.

  There was something majestic and grand
and solemn about that big stone figure,
sitting there with its head up in the tree-
tops; and its face had the most peaceful
look of repose you ever saw.

  “ Just think,” I said to Miss Graves,
“ he’s been sitting there a thousand years
or so, and has hardly seen a human being
in all that time! I bet he has mighty little
respect for humans, if he could only say so.”
She looked at me, a sparkle in her blue
eyes.

“ That’s a good thought,” she said quiet-
ly. “You’re rather a surprising person!”
“ Why? Because I have good thoughts?”
She reddened a little. “ Of course not,
silly! Because—”

  Just then everybody called me all at
once—they had been calling me, only I had
not heard them—and I had to get busy.

  That statue faced south, so we struck
straight north to find the opposite one. All
of us, except Professor Graves, who wras
busy with the statue, fell to work and
chopped out a passage through the jungle.
Here it was not such hard going as the rest
had been, and we figured that there must
have been a plaza here in the old days, for
there was nothing but plain stone paving
underfoot, and no buildings.
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

277

  In half an hour we reached another
statue. This one was lying on its back in
the jungle, and Marshall climbed up to its
base, only to find that there was no swastika
on this one either.

  So we went half-way between the two
statues and headed east. We knew about
how far we had to go, and sure enough in
another half-hour or less we sighted the
third statue ahead, up among the trees like
the first had been. Kelpy was in the lead
when we got up to it, and he slid in through
the trees around the base, and let out a
wild yell.

  “Here it is, lads!” he yipped, and we
came around to where he was. We could
see right away that this statue was different
from the others, because the base was all
carved up something scrumptious, and right
in the center, about as high as my head, was
a big swastika, which was very conspicuous.

  At that, we all rushed around to the back
and began hacking away the jungle there.
I guess all of us were pretty well excited,
but Traddle was not so excited that he
overlooked a good bet; because I was work-
ing at one corner of the statue all by myself,
when suddenly something streaked out from
the trees and missed me by two inches and
was gone again in the jungle. It was a
knife, and it had meant business.

  I jerked out my automatic and fired it
into the trees where the knife had come
from. There was a wild yell and a minute
later Traddle appeared in a hurry. Every-
body wanted to know what was up; so did
he.

  “ What’s the matter with you?” he
roared at me.

  “ Nothing,” I said. “ You pretty near
hit me with that knife, that’s all.”

  “ It got jerked out of my hand,” he said.

  “ That bulLet got jerked out of my hand,”
1 returned. “ And you look out or there’ll
be another—”

  “ Shut up,” snapped Kelpy, wiping off
the sweat from his brow. “ You two fools,
keep quiet! Perkins, put that cursed gun
away—first thing you know you’ll kill some-
body!”

  “ Well.” I said, “ I’d be better suited that
way than having some one kill me.”

  He told me to shut up again, but I saw

him look at Marshall, and knew that they
were getting old Traddle sized up pretty
well by this time. Buck tipped me a wink,
and seemed mighty relieved. There was no
more said, and we all got to work again.

  Professor Graves and Miss Graves came
along, having heard the shooting, just as
we got the back side of the statue cleared
away. Then, I can tell you, there was
some excitement! Right in front of us, and
about eight feet up, we could see a big
stone set into the base of the statue—set
pretty loose, too.

  “That’s it!” yelped Traddle. “Here,
Kelpy, let me get on your shoulders—”

  “ Not me,” said Kelpy, grinning.
“ You’re the one to stand under—you and
Marshall. Here, Perkins! You’re the
lightest one. You get up and try to budge
that stone.”

  “With us standing underneath?” said
Traddle. “Not yet!”

  However, I got up and tried the stone,
and found that it would move a little. Pro-
fessor Graves chipped in and said to wedge
it over to one side, which I did with a couple
of hatchets. A minute later we could move
out the stone and there was a hole three
feet square in the statue, and everybody
was trying to reach it before the others.
Kelpy got there first, so then we stood back
and took turns getting up and crawling into
the hole. Traddle pretty near got stuck
going through, but he got inside finally.

  It was a pretty sad business, taking it all
around. Inside the statue’s base was a
room about eight feet square. Kelpy
lighted it all up with an electric torch, and
it was as empty as Jonah was when he got
out of the whale. There was not a solitary
thing in it! Not even a smell of a jewel.
The ceiling was less than six feet high, so
we had to stoop.

  We did not stay very long, any of us.
We had found the right place, and that was
all the good it did us. Professor Graves
and Leora were as disappointed as anybody
when they heard about it, and Kelpy stayed
inside longer than the rest, so that he could
relieve his feelings without offending Miss
Graves. Traddle swore right out, but Mar-
shall turned on him and shut him up pretty
curtly.
278

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Well, we had brought a lunch-basket
along, so we sat right down there and ate
our lunch, and it was the unhappiest meal
I’d eaten for a long while. But by the
time we got to our pipes we were able to
discuss the matter, which we did.

  No one else had been here for years; the
condition of the jungle proved that. So
either that native must have lied to Findlay
—only he had described everything right—
or else Findlay must have lied to his part-
ners.

  “ Findlay did not tell us everything,
that’s all,” said Kelpy. “ Mac thought as
much all along. Poor old Mac! He had
brains.”

  “ And Findlay is dead,” put in Marshall,
giving Traddle an ugly look. “ Beastly
luck, I say. Beastly! Blooming queer how-
old Findlay came to trip on a vine, eh,
what?”

  Maybe Traddle judged that the talk was
getting too personal, or maybe he really
thought I had the map. Anyway, he
pointed at me and diverted the conversa-
tion.

  “ Ask him!” he said, his fat face looking
pretty mean. “ What did he talk about a
map for, last night, unless he knew? Stole
the map from Findlay, the whelp did!”

  Kelpy and Marshall looked at me, and
they were disappointed enough to be sus-‘
picious. I saw right away that Traddle was
out to make trouble for me, so I hit him
first.

  “Traddle,” I said, “you confessed last
night that you had searched Findlay’s body.
What did you do with the map?”

  That was stretching the truth a little, but
it served to get everybody mixed up, and I
heard Buck chuckle to himself. He was the
only amused one in the crowd. A good
many things might have happened, but Miss
Graves intervened.

  “ There’s no use staying here, I think,”
she said coolly. “ It’s frightfully hot, and
I don’t believe it’s very healthy. Uncle,
let’s go back to the boat!”

  •That gave me an opening, and I said I
would go along. Kelpy and Marshall and
Traddle wanted to stay and investigate
more, but Buck came along with us, and
we hit for the big stone dock and the boat.

  Buck said that this was the way treasure
hunts usually turned out, except in books,
which was a dig at me. However, I didn’t
care what Buck said, because I was walk-
ing ahead with Leora, and we were talking
about nothing in particular, but I felt
mighty proud to have her holding my arm
and to be protecting her against snakes and
animals. I was just telling her about blue
being my favorite color for eyes, when we
came out on the edge of the stone wharf.
And then we stopped dead.

  For, out beside the Maria Buck, there
was a second ship anchored—not so big,
but gaudy and queer-shaped, with flags all
over her. And about twenty feet away
from us, where a boat had just put him
ashore, was a little man who looked like a
brown monkey, except for his red fez and
his frock-coat and the diamond in his neck-
tie. I knew him right away, too—it was
Sultan Lumpur, himself! Behind him, as
always, was Lim Perak, the body-guard,
looking as ferocious as usual.

CHAPTER VII.

FINDLAY’S CHART.

BUCK says that first impressions are apt
to be misleading in the right direction;
which, after you get it straightened
out, is pretty good sense.

  Sfceing Sultan Lumpur from a distance,
and hearing about him, had not made me
like him; but meeting him made me think
maybe I had been wrong. I don’t know
much about the general run of Sultans, but
Lumpur, in spite of his physical disad-
vantages, must have averaged pretty high.
When he laid himself out to be agreeable
he was as pleasant a man as you’d meet
anywhere.

  Leora introduced me, then Buck and
Graves came along and Buck was intro-
duced, and Sultan Lumper stretched him-
self trying to be friendly. He had been
educated in England and he spoke English
just like Marshall’s. There was nothing
stand-off about him, either; he was demo-
cratic and about like any ordinary mortal.

  He was quite concerned to hear about
Graves’s illness, and he took us to his boat
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

279

and had us rowed out to his ship. He
showed no interest whatever in Kelpy’s
party, and of course we did not say any-
thing about treasure or the things that had
happened. The Sultan had just come from
Singapore and was going to stop at his
royal preserve for a while, on the way to
Kuala Gajah.

  We went aboard his barge, as he called it,
and then I began to see that the books had
told the truth after all. There was a big
silk awning aft, and Lumpur got out cigars
and cigarettes, and wine and lemonade and
cakes, and had a royal party. In spite of
his looks, he was no slouch as a Sultan,
either. All his personal possessions were
slathered with jewels, and we had solid-
silver cups and gold-plated plates, and his
cigar humidor was studded with rubies. I
began to feel that I was moving in high
society at last.

  After we had talked for a while, and the
Sultan had taken quite an interest in Buck
and me, we saw Traddle and Marshall and
Kelpy come down to the schooner’s boat at
the island wharf, and start out. The Sultan
said to bring them aboard, so Buck hailed
them and they came alongside. It was
easy to see that they had discovered noth-
ing, for they were hot and mad and tired.

  They felt a little better after coming
aboard and getting a couple of drinks. Sul-
tan Lumpur did not bother them about
archeology, but was quite polite. I could
see that Marshall riled him up considerably.
Marshall was one of those Englishmen who
think a native is a native and should stay
so, and he was barely polite to the Sultan,
being stiff and haughty. Then the Sultan
sent a boat to get Fong T’sai, which I
thought was mighty handsome of him; but
it made Marshall mad again, because he
took Fong to be a common Chink.

  However, Miss Graves gave Marshall a
little talk on the side and straightened him
out, and Fong T’sai came abroad, and we
had a very pleasant afternoon. Then the
Sultan said we made up a very cosmopolitan
crowd and he enjoyed it, and he asked us
all to stay aboard and go up to his royal
preserve with him and make him a visit.
He said there would be some shooting and
a general good time — and he w’as right

about that, too, only not the way he meant
it, maybe.

  Well, Kelpy said he was a bit tired of
archeologizing, and the others agreed that
they needed a rest. I said I must get a
clean shirt or two, which made the Sultan
laugh, and Miss Graves wanted some more
clothes, so we decided we would get our
things and go along with the Sultan. Fong
T’sai did not say anything, until the Sultan
pressed him, then he bowed and said he
would be charmed. So we got into a boat
and went back to the Maria Buck.

  1 was feeling pretty good over being a
Sultan’s guest and hobnobbing with royalty
that way, but I noticed that Fong T’sai and
Buck kept quiet and looked anxious. Back
on the schooner, I slung some things into a
suit-case, and then I went into the stern
cabin to find Buck. He was there and so
was Fong T’sai, and so were the two
Chinese mates of the schooner. Fong was
talking to them.

  Not wanting to disturb him, I went over
to the table; and there was the same chart
of Hell Island and the lagoon which Findlay
had used, when he was talking with Can-
delario that day. I looked over the chart,
and then suddenly I saw something down
in one corner. It was a lot of squares, and
the square in the center was heavy and
black, like some one had been absent-
mindedly using a pencil while he talked.
Then 1 remembered that Findlay had had
a pencil in his hand, that day. The truth
came to me in a flash.

 “Buck!” I said, excitedly. “Come
here! ”

  Buck ambled over, and I showed him the
markings and told him about Findlay.

  “ Listen here! ” I said. “ Do you remem-
ber that room inside the statue? It was
made of square flagstones all around, wasn’t
it? Well, I bet you a dollar that this is the
missing chart! Findlay had it on hfs mind
and he scribbled it down here, knowing that
no one would make anything of it! Those
squares stand for the square stones in the
floor, and that black one in the center is the
one that comes up, and the jewels are buried
underneath it!”

  Buck looked at me and grinned.

  “ Son,” he said, “ your previsual percuity
280

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

is pretty good—but don’t bank on it. If I
had your imagination I would be a charla-
tan of industry! No use, Dave. Kelpy
sounded that chamber for hollow places,
and there was none.”

  “ That don’t prove anything,” I shot
back at him. “ The center stone—”

  “ Was laid in cement like all the rest,”
broke in Buck. “ Forget it, Dave!”

  I shut up, but I did not forget it. Just
then Fong T’sai opened up a big chest that
he always kept locked, and inside I saw all
kinds of revolvers and automatics, and he
said something to the two Chink mates.
Then he locked the chest and gave one of
them the key.

  “ What’s Fong got on his mind?” I asked
Buck.

  “ Nothing much,” said Buck. “ Only we
don’t trust Sultan Lumpur very much. He’s
a slimy centralpede and he’s got some game
afoot.”

  " That’s all talk,” I said. “ He told us
himself about introducing law to the coun-
try and how there was not a thief in all his
dominions and so forth. Remember? Well,
I judge you’ve got excited from reading
dime novels, Buck. This part of the coun-
try is just as tame as South Dakota.”

  “ You’ve taken quite a shine to the Sul-
tan, haven’t you?” says Buck, sarcastically.
“ All right, son. Wait and see! ”

  I was thinking more about that chart
than about the Sultan, however. It looked
to me like I had struck the nail square on
the head, but there was no use talking to
Buck just then, so I kept quiet. There was
no use telling Kelpy, either. I was not in
his employ, and if I could locate those
jewels on the side, that was his loss and my
gain. So I said no more about it to any-
body, but began to scheme how I could get
to the island and do some exploring on my
own hook. I had no chance for a while,
though.

  The afternoon was about two-thirds gone
when we went back to the Sultan’s barge,
which had been laid alongside the schooner.

  The Sultan told his Malay skipper to go
ahead, and the barge put out long oars and
began to row us into the river, while we
waved good-by to Fong’s Chinese crew.

  As we went in toward the river, every-

body was settled around the Sultan, who
was talking about Candelario, and saying
that if he could locate the half-caste he
would certainly hang him for trying to
poison Graves. He was most emphatic
about it, too.

  Buck touched my arm and indicated the
Sultan and Fong T’sai, who was big and
silent and inscrutable.

  “ There are the best and worst of Asia,
Dave,” said Buck softly.

  “ Yes,” I said, “ and across the table
Traddle and Miss Graves—the worst and
best of America!”

  “ Right,” and Buck laughed to himself.
“ You seem a lot interested in Miss
Graves! ”

  “Never you mind—you’re married!” I
retorted, and he shut up.

  On the way up the river Sultan Lumpur
talked just like he was an ordinary person,
and made himself agreeable. Fie did not
try to hide that he was a Mohammedan, or
that he had his own notions of enjoying
life; he was quite frank about it, and did
not put on any civilized airs either. We
all liked him fine, and if Fong T’sai or Buck
did not, they kept quiet.

  We got up to the Malay village and the
barge tied up at an ironwood wharf among
the trees, a little farther on. The Sultan
had sent a boat on up the river that morn-
ing, so at the wharf we found a whole re-
ception committee. There were bullock
carts fitted up pretty grand, and Malay
soldiers with rifles and swords and gay silk
robes, and a fat, little man who was the
Sultan’s steward. * His name was Tock
Gump. Then there were drummers and
flute players and a crowd of ladies who did
not believe in hiding their light under a
bushel, as Buck said; they danced and the
soldiers fired their guns, and everybody was
happy because the Sultan had come home.
I judged they must think a heap of him.

  So the band started to work, and we got
into the carts, and off we went. It was a
gay and gaudy procession, with the women
dancing on ahead and singing, and the band
tootling, and the jungle all around us. But
all of a sudden the jungle opened up, and
we came into the open at the top of a hill
to see the Sultan’s palace down below.
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

281

  It was close to sunset, and that palace,
in the red sunset light, was the most beau-
tiful place you ever saw! It was just like
what I had read about, only more so. There
we were, processioning along with a royal
escort, when that palace burst upon us! As
I have said, the Sultan had built it out of
an old temple, and it had the same queer
architecture that the ruined city had, full
of curlicues and fancy work.

  Off to one side was a regular little town,
where the Sultan’s lady friends and soldiers
lived. The palace itself was the main thing.
The whole front was gilded, and some of
the roof, and we could see the shimmer of
glass windows and a hothouse, which made
it real up to date. The building was of
stone, and mighty beautiful.

  Out in front of the palace were p^ved
terraces, two of them, very wide and with
little pools of water running through them,
and flowers growing in spots Out beyond
these there was a lake, perfectly round and
maybe three hundred feet across. From
the edge of this lake, on the side facing the
palace, a narrow stone walk ran out almost
to the center—but not quite. Just beyond
the end of that walk, and separated from
it by about two feet of water, there was a
big bronze Buddha, with his base down
under the water so that he seemed to be
sitting right on the lily-pads that were
scattered around. He reached about twen-
ty feet high.

  Buck was sitting next me. He leaned
over.

  “ It’s mighty pernexious that a Moham-
medan Sultan should have a statue of
Buddha in his front yard!” he said to me.

  “ It’s got the greenish sheen of bronze,”
I said. “ Maybe it’s a relic that he found
there and did not disturb.”

  Buck guessed that it was so. and we
later found that I was dead right.

  All around that lake there were gardens
and trees—it was a mighty well kept place,
to judge by the looks. Over beyond the
lake was another building, not so ornate as
the palace, and this was where the regular
wives of the Sultan lived. Our driver was
pleased w’hen Buck talked Malay to him,
and he explained everything: seemed quite
proud of the place, too. He was just like

a hackman back in the States, explaining
points of local interest to his fares. He
would not say anything about the bronze
Buddha in the lake, however, which seemed
odd.

  When we got to the palace, there were
slathers of servants all bowing to the Sultan,
and he welcomed us all with a flourish and
a speech, but he welcomed Miss Graves
particularly. That was only proper, she
being the only female in our party. He
gave her two pretty Malay girls to wait on
her, and we were all escorted to our rooms
by brown men; Buck and I stuck together,
because we preferred not to be separated.

  The inside of that palace certainly laid
over any work of fiction that I ever read.
Some of it wras Occidental and some of it
was Oriental, and all of it had the Arabian
Nights faded completely. There were gold
pianos, and no end of rugs and such, and
cut glass chandeliers, and electric lights,
and marble columns, and more things than
I can begin to tell about. When we got
up-stairs to our rooms, we found them
fitted with brass beds and wash-stands and
everything as modern as you would find in
San Francisco.

  “ This beats the books all hollow! ” I
said to Buck, when we had sent away the
servants and had our bedroom to ourselves.
“ This Sultan has electric lights and a
water-works, and I never saw them men-
tioned in any fiction-book about the Far
East!”

  “ Yes,” says Buck, looking out the win-
dow at the lake. “ And there are crocodiles
in that lake, Dave!”

  “ What of that?” I asked him.

  “ Darned if 1 know, but I conticulate
they aren’t family pets by a long shot!”

  Getting washed up, I slid into a clean
shirt and borrowed a fancy red necktie from
Buck, and went on down-stairs, leaving him
to primp.

  It was a gorgeous place, right enough. I
roamed around, enjoying things right and
left; electric lights were blazing in every
room by this time, and I discovered all sorts
of queer places. There was a picture gal-
lery. which was maybe all right for a pic-
ture gallery but would have been pretty
shocking in a saloon; thinks I, this Sultan
282

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

is not afraid of the naked truth anyhow!
Then there was a music-room, with all kinds
of wonderful instruments in cases, and a
library, and a gun-room filled with varieties
of guns, and a court with a fountain playing
around colored lights. I was not alone, be-
cause plenty of servants hung around, to
keep me from stealing anything, I judge.
After a while I came to a smoking-room,
and Traddle was there. He looked just as
fat and dirty as ever.

  I was not going to back out because he
wras there, so I went up to the table and
took a cigarette from an open box, and
lighted it.

  “ Well, Traddle,” I said, thinking to
tease him, “ you guys did not find anything
in that statue, eh?”

  He growled at me like a dog, with a few
swear words sandwiched in.

  “ Mac said that the Sultan was after the
loot, too,” I went on, giving him a dig.
“ But I guess Mac was wrong about that.
Any Sultan as rich as this one, wouldn’t
bother his head over a mess of jewels,
would he?”

  “ You’re too blanked smart!” said Trad-
dle hoarsely. “ These native Sultans are
the worst loot-chasers you ever seen, young
un! You needn’t give me no more of your
innocent ways, Perkins; I'm wise to you!
And you’d better come across with that map
before it’s, too late. You’ve got it, and you
needn’t lie about it.”

  I looked at him, feeling good over getting
him worked up that way.

  “ Well,” I says, “ I wouldn’t bother to
lie to you anyhow, Traddle; you’re too
mangy. If you were as smart as you think
you are, you woukl not have made so many
mistakes. You murdered poor little Mac,
who • might have told us some informing
things about this Sultan; then you got busy
and murdered poor Findlay, who might
have told you where the loot was; then you
tried to murder me—and if you’d done it,
you never would see the loot!”

  “ What!” His mouth opened and shut,
like the mouth of a fish, and he stared at
me. “ What! Then you admit it? You’ve
got the map?”

  “ Well,” I says calmly, “ I’ve got the
only map Findlay left, or at least I know

what it said—and nobody else knows! No-
body else will ever see that map, either. If
you make any more mistakes, you might
just as well leave that treasure lying in the
ruins, because it will never be found. So
you’d better nurse me right along into good
health, Traddle, if you ever hope to grow
rich off me.”

  I said this, hoping it would take his mind
off killing me. If I had known that any
one else was around, I would never have
said it, of course. Just as I got through, I
saw Traddle’s eyes leap from mine, and go
over my shoulder at somebody else. I
turned, and there was Sultan Lumpur not
far behind me, his feet making no noise on
the carpet. He was all togged up in eve-
ning clothes, and had a big jeweled decora-
tio^on his shirt front.

  “ Well, gentlemen!” he said with a snaky
grin. “ It’s ripping fine to have you make
yourselves at home—corking, I call it! I’d
like to show you my trophy-room, if you
would care to see a few heads before din-
ner—”

  We talked about trophies the rest of the
time, but all the same I knew that the Sul-
tan had heard what I had said, and had
tucked it away in his mind.

  During dinner Buck told me that Can-
delario was on the place, and that the
Sultan was keeping him hidden, thinking we
would not know it. You can judge whether
I enjoyed my dinner after that!

CHAPTER VIII.

GUESTS OF THE SULTAN.

THE Sultan did himself proud over the
dinner. There must have been twen-
ty courses, and several different kinds
of wine with each course, and we ate off
real gold plates. I know they were real be-
cause I nicked my plate with my fork to see.

  After dinner we went out on the first big
terrace. We had coffee there, and more
drinks, and just as the full moon came up
over the trees and the lake, a couple of na-
tive women appeared on the second terrace
and danced for us, with a hidden orchestra.
It was queer dancing, but pretty good at
that.
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

283

  By this time it was late, so Miss Graves
and her uncle went to bed, and the Sultan
proposed a poker game. Fong T’sai and
Traddle and Kelpy joined in, so did Buck;
but it was beneath Marshall’s dignity to
play with a Chink and a native, so he stayed
ouL. I did not play either, but stuck around
a little while then went to bed.

  All this time I had no chance to talk
with Buck. He came to the room long
after midnight, and unloaded a bunch of
money, so I judged that he had played his
cards this time.

  “ Well?” I said. “ What about Cande-
lario? Where did you see him?”

  Buck did not answer, but went to the
window. There was a balcony running
along the house outside, and Fong T’sai
had the next room to ours. A minute later
Buck turned out the lights, and I heard
him say something at the window; and
Fong T’sai came into the room that way.

  We held a council of war, sitting there
in the dark.

  It seemed that, while we were arriving,
Buck had caught a glimpse of Candelario’s
face at a window, watching us. There was
no mistake about it, and there was no mis-
take about the half-caste being here with
the full knowledge and consent of Sultan
Lumpur, either.

  “ Then Candelario is working with the
Sultan, just as you said all along,” I stated.
“ But who are they working against?”

  “ That’s what we can’t perfigurate,” re-
turned Buck.

  “ Yes, we can,” came the cool, steady
voice of Fong T’sai out of the darkness.
“ We’ve been terribly blind not to have seen
it from the first!”

  “All right,” said Buck. “-Pelucidize
the aerosis, Fong.”

  Fong T’sai lighted a match and held it
to the little pipe he always carried. In the
darkness the flame illumined his big, strong
face, with its cruelly curving nose and its
chiseled outlines; and thinks I to myself,
I’d sooner have old Fong at my back than
any one else I know! His face alone gave
me a comfortable feeling of security.

  “ It is terribly simple,” said Fong slowly.
“ As we suspected, Candelario is working
hand in glove with the Sultan. Remember,

Lumpur is a wise old man and has plenty
of spies to serve him. He doubtless knew
from the start that Kelpy had a treasure-
hunt planned. This dog of a Candelario
was instrumental in what followed.

  “ Remember, gentlemen, the things that
happened at Singapore before we sailed!
Through the wiles of Candelario, Professor
Graves came aboard us—-with Miss Graves.
Why did not the Sultan take them on his
own barge, as his guests? Because he
dared not. Fie knew that the authorities
would give Graves a warning.”

  “ But,” I broke in, “ you said back at
Singapore that the Sultan hated Ameri-
cans?”

  “ Exactly,” said Fong T’sai gravely.
“ For some time the Sultan has set his
heart upon adding a white woman to his
harem—a white woman who is not an out-
cast of the treaty ports. If he brought the
Graveses up here himself, he would be re-
sponsible for them. If they came with our
party we would be responsible should they
disappear! ”

  That struck me all of a heap. I could
not believe it at first.

  “ I think you have the Sultan figured
wrong,” I said desperately. “ Why, Fong,
it just can’t be true! The Sultan is a good
old sport—”

  “ My dear Mr. Perkins,” said Fong T’sai
coolly, “ in this country anything can be
true. Two men of our party have already
been murdered; you have seen how plausi-
bly these murders were covered up, how
little stir their deaths occasioned! If Pro-
fessor Graves died and Miss Graves dis-
appeared, even if every man of us perished,
the Sultan could produce witnesses and lies
and evidence which would absolve him ut-
terly from any wrong-doing. And remem-
ber, the British would not dare search his
harem! They would not dare investigate
this palace, even, without indisputable
proof. And would they ever get such proof?
No. They might suspect, but they have
suspected Lumpur of many things, and he
laughs at them.”

  “ Lord!” exclaimed Buck, drawing in his
breath sharply. “ I suspected some of our
own gang had designs—but the Sultan him-
self! I guess I was blind.”
284

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  It made me feel cold up my spine to hear
Buck talk that way, as though he believed
Fong’s theory to be quite true. I could
not help believing it myself. Now I knew
.what Buck had meant about “ treasure dead
and alive.”

  “ We must face the facts,” said Fong
T’sai calmly. “ It was not until to-night
that I fully realized just what was going on.
Now let me set forth the situation, and do
you correct me if I am wrong.”

  So he started in, first with the treasure
part of it. Kelpy and Marshall were at
present baffled by not finding the jewels;
they more than suspected Traddle, now, of
having killed Mac and Findlay, and they
were up a stump. Traddle was baffled too,
but he suspected me of knowing the secret
of the jewels.

  “ And so I do, Captain Fong!” I broke
in, and told him about Findlay’s tracings.

  I-'ong dismissed my theory just as Buck
had done; because Kelpy had gone all over
the floor and walls of the room in the
statue. There were no loose stones, and
there were no hollow stones; the room was
tight as a drum, and that ended it.

  “ To conclude, so far as the treasure is
concerned,” went on Fong, having shut me
up, “ the Sultan is as anxious as any one
to get the loot. Kelpy and his friends do
not know that Candelario was an agent of
the Sultan; but because Kelpy was nearly
poisoned, they will shoot Candelario on
sight. So will I. for that matter. But mark
the reflex! Candelario is here under Lum-
pur’s protection—and Lumpur is capable
of killing us all.”

  There was another facer, because we
could see that it was true.

   Miss Graves is in no immediate dan-
ger.” pursued Fong, “ but her uncle is cer-
tainly marked for death. I shall warn him
to-morrow, and I shall charge myself with
his safety. I am not sure whether Traddle
designs anything against Miss Graves; he
is an unspeakably dirty rascal, and would
stoop to anything. However, Traddle does
not know that the Sultan is interested either
in the jewels or in Miss Graves. But
Candelario has doubtless warned the Sultan
against me—because I was particularly in-
vited here. Now let us consider it all.”

  The affair was more or less involved, cer-
tainly, although Fong T’sai had straight-
ened it out to some extent. When I told
about meeting Traddle before dinner, and
the Sultan overhearing what I had said,
Fong and Buck were a heap interested.
They agreed, however, that this put me out
of any danger, because Traddle and the
Sultan would both think that I knew where
the jewels were, and they would not kill me
until I had told. This was not so com-
forting as it might have been. They had a
cold-blooded way of talking about folks be-
ing killed, which I did not relish very much.

  We decided that there was nothing to do
for the present, except to wait and see what
might happen. Buck believed that there
was a wireless somewhere on the premises,
and we knew that the Sultan had one on his
barge, so that Candelario could have kept
him informed. That was all past and done
with now, however.

  Whichever one of us saw Graves first in
the morning was to tip him off, and Fong
was to arrange some action with him later
on. So we let it go at that, for the present,
and adjourned our meeting. We were not
sure of Traddle or what he intended; in
fact we were mighty wobbly about him, and
wanted to find out what was on his mind if
we could. It was bad enough in the Sultan
wanting to force Miss Graves to marry
him—that was about the limit; but Traddle
was so low down he might do anything, and
he was not even gentlemanly l^ke Lumpur.

  The next morning before breakfast there
was a blowout for fair, and it showed things
up pretty well. Fong T’sai, as it happened,
had gone out looking for Graves, and had
come to the first terrace above the lake.
He found Traddle there, all alone. Buck
and I, who were getting dressed, saw the
whole thing from our windows, and Fong
later told us what passed.

  Fong T’sai would have gone on, but
Traddle stopped him. Now, like the rest
of his crowd, Traddle thought that Fong
was just an ordinary Chink from the
Straits settlements, and would be up to any
deviltry.

  So, seeing that there was nobod}' else
around, Traddle up and tells Fong T’sai
that he knows where the jewels are, but he
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

285

does not want them particularly; all he
wants is Miss Graves. He tells Fong that
he needs the schooner to get away in, and
offers to give Fong T’sai all the jewels if
Fong will help him get off with Miss Graves.

  Fong looks at him steady for a minute,
then asks what about his partners.

  “ Oh,” says Traddle, with a dirty grin,
“ I should worry about them! Let them
stay here, if they like it. When we get
away with the girl—”

  Just at that point Fong T’sai lit into him.
I never saw a fight to beat it, either. Trad-
dle had all kinds of sand, and I judge he
had all his guns on him, but Fong never
bothered going after a gun. He just stood
there and began to whale Traddle with his
fists.

  He landed about six times before Traddle
woke up to what was going on, and by that
time old Traddle was reeling and cursing
like the bum he was. Fong doubled him up
with a solar plexus blow, and Traddle
jerked out his armpit gun. Just as he fired,
Fong hit him again and knocked him flat,
so the bullet went up in the air.

  Fong took the gun from him and hit him
as he got up, but Traddle jumped away and
started to fight with his fists. He was no
slouch, either, but he was up against a
human whirlwind. Fong T’sai had a kick
in both fists, and in about ten seconds
backed Traddle down on the next terrace
and with a few more blows had Traddle at
the edge of the lake. Traddle stood there,
his fat face all red and purple, and hollered
for help. He put his hands down and quit
fighting altogether.

  At that, Fong T’sai turned away from
him in contempt. But I saw Traddle’s
hand slip into his pocket, and I remembered
that queer little gun with four barrels. So
I let out a yell through the window, and
Fong turned just as Traddle fired. Then
Traddle fired a second shot, but Fong T’sai
did not seem to be touched. He walked
right up to Traddle and gave him one awful
blow that lifted fat old Traddle off his feet
and sent him head first into the lake.

  By that time, of course, there was a
crowd gathered, including the Sultan and
all the rest of us; even Buck had rushed
for the scene, though I stayed at the win-

dow. Some of the Sultan’s men grabbed
Traddle out of the water just in time to get
him out of the way of a monstrous big
crocodile. Traddle lay there unconscious.

  Fong told everybody exactly what had
happened. Miss Graves was not on the
spot, so he kept back nothing. The Sultan
wanted to hang Traddle immediately, but
Fong says: “ No, send him down to my
schooner in irons and I’ll take care of him.”
The Sultan said all right, and gave the
orders. His fat steward, Tock Gump,
called some of the soldiers; they tied Trad-
dle hand and foot and carted him off.

  Thinks 1, that finishes Traddle and all
his fine schemes!

  I hurried down to the terrace, and found
everybody agreeing to tell Miss Graves that
Traddle was sick and had gone to the
schooner, which was to spare her feelings.
She had seen the fight from her window,
however, so that scheme fell through, and
the Sultan cooked up another story which
she believed. Fong T’sai had a bullet hole
in his left arm, but it had not touched the
bone and had done no harm to mention.
He was mighty thankful for that yell I had
given him, and said he would repay me
some day. He did, too!

  I think I have already said that the Sul-
tan had taken quite a shine to me. While
we were at breakfast, the steward pre-
sented me with a big tray, by the Sultan’s
orders; and on the tray was a complete out-
fit of native clothes. And they were grand,
I tell you! All was of the finest silk. The
vest and sash were embroidered, the sarong
and trousers were bright red and yellow like
a Spanish flag, and all over the vest were
little dangling gold crescents that tinkled
when I walked. Then there was a gorgeous
sword with a blade like a flame—a kris, it
was—and it was all inlaid with gold and
silver.

  The Sultan said he hoped I would honor
him by wearing the costume. Of course, I
had to go to our room and change, and
everybody made all kinds of fun of me.
Buck and Fong came along and helped me
into it.

  “ Hunting party this morning,” said Fong
T’sai. “ Lumpur is trying to make us all
forget the disagreeable incident, I imagine.”
286

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Traddle is the one to want to forget,”
said Buck, grinning. “ I emisculate why
he sent Dave this outfit, though! Does it
look right to you, Fong?”

  “ It looks mighty grand to me,” I said,
looking at myself in the mirror.

  “ Sure,” said Buck. “ The suit is all
right—but why did the Sultan give it to
you?”

  “ Why, to honor me, of course! I’ll
leave it to Fong if that wasn’t the reason!”

  Fong T’sai smiled his queer, inscrutable
smile, as though he was waiting for some-
thing to impress itself on us. He motioned
toward* my automatic, which was lying on
the bed.

  “ You’d better not go around without
that implement, Mr. Perkins,” he said
quietly. “ And would you mind letting me
have a look at that kris? It is a real
beauty.”

  I gave him the kris, and then picked up
the automatic. But there was no place to
stow it, unless I stuck it in the sash; that
way it was mighty unhandy, and would
show to every one. There was not even a
pants pocket. I began to think that looking
like a gaudy humming bird might be fine
and grand, but had its drawbacks. Then I
saw Buck looking at Fong T’sai with a
glimmer of admiration.

  “ Fong,” says he, “ how did you guess
it?”

  I was puzzled, of course. Then I saw
that if I wore this outfit, like I had to, I
could not possibly carry my automatic.

  “ What!” 1 broke out. “ Do you mean
that he gave me this so’s I would not be
armed ? ”

  “ Exactly,’’ said Fong T’sai, with a little
nod. “ And this kris—watch!”

  He took that beautiful kris in his hands,
gave it a little snap—and it broke in two!

  “ That is an old trick,” said Fong T’sai.
“ A Dyak chief gives a man a kris like this,
and then takes his head without any trouble
at all. But 1 have something here that be-
longed to Mr. Traddle. It will blend ex-
cellently with your native dress, and no one
will guess that you have it—”

  He produced Trad die’s armpit holster,
with a small but powerful automatic, and
put it on around my left shoulder. It fitted

snug, and was quite out of sight. He and
Buck showed me how to use it. However,
I did not feel exactly happy about the whole
affair.

  “ Well,” I said, “ do you think he means
to have me knifed or something?”

  Fong said no, not at all. According to
him, the Sultan was just taking precautions,
because Kelpy had told him what a dead
shot I was supposed to be, and the Sultan
took a neat and smooth way of preventing
me carrying a gun, as he thought. That
cheered me up some, and we went back to
the crowd down-stairs.

  There was a heap of fun made of me,
naturally. Miss Graves said if I was only
dyed brown she would expect to get kid-
naped or something, so I said that if I was
brown she might certainly expect it; that
made her blush considerably, and tickled
the Sultan.

  We went hunting and had a grand time.
Whether he was at meals or anywhere, the
Sultan always had that bodyguard, Lim
Perak, standing behind him; and on this oc-
casion Lim was gun-bearer. We went into
the woods a-piece, and natives drove differ-
ent animals past us, and we shot whatever
we had a mind to. I said I did not care to
shoot, having hurt my shoulder when I got
buried under the stones and dirt on the
island; so I got out of showing my ability.

  But Miss Graves was a wonder with the
rifle! She and the Sultan, between them,
did the best work. Captain Marshall had
been drinking and was unsteady, and he
was mad at the way the Sultan laid over
him. Kelpy enjoyed himself a lot, though,
and so did all of us. They shot deer and
two panthers and some birds and a jackal
and other things that I did not recognize.
We had lunch out there in the woods, and
came back when it got too hot for comfort.

  On- the way back we passed the place
where the soldiers and servants and lady
friends of the Sultan lived; not the harem,
which was a separate building, but the little
town. We stopped there a while, so that
the Sultan could execute justice on one of
the soldiers who had knifed another man.
The Sultan ordered him hanged, and they
took him off. Then the party went on
home, all except me and Buck.
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

287

  Buck stayed to flirt with a brown lady
who had made eyes at him, and I stayed to
look after Buck, and that was one time old
Buck certainly got us into trouble!

CHAPTER IX.

LEORA HEARS SOMETHING.

BUCK spoke Malay, which he had
learned while he was managing a gold
concession; he told me later just what
was said.

  It seems that while everybody was watch-
ing the Sultan execute justice, which he did
with considerable pomp and enjoyment all
around, Buck sauntered around a corner
of the building and came pop on an open
window with a girl sitting in it.

  She was one of the Sultan’s particular
lady friends — not his regular wives, of
which he had four, but the other kind—
only Buck did not know that. So when she
spoke to him, he did the same. Then I
drifted along, and Buck introduced me.
The girl slipped me a cigarette from a pile
beside her on a brass stand, and out of
politeness I smoked up while she and Buck
conversed.

  Her name was Kapit Ai Perang, which
was Malay for one reason why men leave
home. She was golden brown, with pink
under it, and as pretty a girl as you’d ever
want to see; there was considerable jewelry
on her, and not much else to speak of, so
that I felt sort of embarrassed. She did
not mind herself a bit, however, and started
in to make Buck feel right at home. I
judged that Buck had made a big hit with
her, for some queer reason.

  Then she asked Buck if he had brought
the Sultan’s new white bride, and Buck quit
his fooling right away and asked what she
meant. Kapit Ai Perang waved her ciga-
rette and laughed.

  “ Why,” she says, “ it is no secret that
the white bride arrived yesterday! Was
she not welcomed with music and dancing
and flowers?”

  “ Oh!” said Buck. “ I thought that was
for the Sultan! ”

  “ For both of them,” said she. “An
apartment is being made ready even now.”

  Well, of course that confirmed all Buck’s
suspicions; but that was not all of it. When
the Sultan took his new white bride, his
present favorite would be fed to the croco-
diles in the lake; and Kapit Ai Perang was
the present favorite, or the late one. So
you can figure out for yourself just how
much she wanted to see the Sultan marry
Miss Graves.

  As a matter of fact, the young lady was
pretty desperate, with those crocodiles star-
ing her in the face every day. Buck, he
sympathized a heap with her, and he ex-
plained how matters were with us. She was
right glad to hear that Leora had no notion
of marrying the Sultan, and she was so
grateful to Buck that she insisted on kissing
his hand.

  She did it, too; and just as she did it,
along comes that fat Dyak, Tock Gump.
When she saw him, Kapit Ai Perang made
just one dive out of her seat and was gone.
The steward had seen her kiss Buck’s hand,
so naturally he concluded that Buck and
she had been kidding each other along on
the road to ruin. I thought Tock Gump
was going to start something, and slid my
hand to the gun under my arm; but he
only bowed and smiled and chattered to
Buck.

  That steward was a slimy devil, like his
master. He told Buck that the rest of the
company had gone on to the palace and he
had come to escort us there. So Buck said
all right and motioned me to come along. I
thought it was all over, but I was wrong; it
had not yet begun! It was a private mat-
ter, too.

  When we got up to the palace, the stew-
ard apologized, mighty polite, and asked if
we would step into the throne room. We
stepped along, thinking little of it, and
found Sultan Lumpur transacting some bus-
iness. The room was a gorgeous big place,
with soldiers lined up on the sides and the
Sultan sitting in a high canopied seat made
of gold. None of our crowd was there at all.

  Tock Gump said something, and the Sul-
tan ordered everybody out, even the sol-
diers. The only one left was the body-
guard, Lim Perak, and he stood right be-
hind the Sultan, watching us pretty close.
Then Tock Gump told the Sultan about it.
288

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Lumpur looked at us and grinned, friend-
ly enough, and spoke in English.

  “ I am sorry you were troubled by the
impertinence of my steward,” he said, in
the haw-haw fashion he had learned in
England. “ Of course, gentlemen, a guest
is sacred and is welcome to whatever he may
desire, and this bally rotter is hard to edu-
cate in such matters. I apologize very pro-
fusely, y’ know.”

  “ Don’t mention it, Sultan,” said Buck
airily. “ There was no harm, anyhow. The
girl just passed the time of day with us, and
was so obfusticated when she found that I
spoke Malay, that she grabbed my hand
and kissed it.”

The Sultan’s monkey-face grinned again.
“ Exactly, old top,” said he. “ Of course,
since she has been contaminated by contact
with a foreigner, she will be disposed of.
And that ends it.”

  “Hold on!” exclaimed Buck, pretty
hasty. “ What do you mean, contaminated?
That is not very polite to us, is it?”

  The Sultan had not looked at it that way,
and Buck’s argument disconcerted him. Of
course he was mad down under his silky
grin; these Malays are the worst you ever
saw for not letting their lady friends so
much as speak to another man. But Buck
went after him strong, saying it was all his
fault and Kapit Ai Perang should not be
punished and so forth; until finally the Sul-
tan seemed to agree with him.

  “ Very well, my friend,” said Lumpur.
“ Of course we understand these things, but
my subjects are a bit dense, haw, haw!
Ton my word, old top, it is very trying at
times. So have patience, and after two or
three days, when she is properly adorned
and made ready, Kapit Ai Perang shall be
sent to you. A present—a small token of
my favor, eh, what?”

  Buck was stumped then, right enough!
Since there were two or three days of
grace, and he did not want to offend the
Sultan, Buck said all right, he would be
charmed; and then we bowed and left the
royal presence. I was rather curious to
know what Buck aimed to do with the lady
when he got her home, and what Mrs. Buck
would say when he led her into the parlor;
but Buck says to shut up—he was short

and curt about it, too! So I did not press
the point.

  1 saw Leora that afternoon. It was tre-
mendously hard to see anything of her
around that palace, because Marshall and
Kelpy were both very fond of her company,
and the Sultan w’as already laying out a
program of entertainments in her honor.
However, I saw her for ten minutes without
any interruption, and if it had not been for
my seeing her, that way, there is no telling
what might have happened to us all.

  As it happened, I was in the up-stairs cor-
ridor, going to my own room. As I passed
the door of the suite where Leora and her
uncle were staying, the door popped open
and out came Miss Graves. She shut the
door and stood there, staring at me.

  I could see right off that something was
wrong. She was as white as a sheet, and
was trembling and shaky, and stood look-
ing at me as if she was paralyzed; her
breast heaved up and down, and there was
the most terrible look in her blue eyes that
I had ever seen.

 “Here!” I broke out. “What's the
matter?”

  She jumped. Then she called me by my
name for tlfe first time.

  “Dave!” she whispered. “Help—help
me to get away from here! Where is
uncle?”

  “I don’t know,” I said. “Probably
around somewhere. But what—”

  “ Listen! I’ve just heard—heard the most
terrible things!” She broke off and closed
her eyes for a moment, then looked at me
again. I saw by her eyes that she wTas
horribly frightened, yet underneath it she
was cool enough. No hysterics or any-
thing like that.

  “ What do you mean?-’ I asked. “ About
Buck and the lady?”

  She shook her head. “About—me! I—
I wanted some water and—you know the
house telephone that’s in all the rooms? I
took it off the hook and pressed the button
for the steward’s connection — and right
away I heard two men talking. One was
the Sultan, and the other was—”

  “ Candelario! ” I exclaimed. Her eyes
widened.

  “ How did you know?”
FOUR QUARTS OF RUBIES.

289

  “ Well,” I says, “ I know a lot of things.
Go on! What did they say?”

  “ They were talking Spanish,” she went
on, growing a little calmer, “ and 1 under-
stand it pretty well — they were talking
about me, Dave! Oh, I can’t tell you—”
I knew right then that she had uncovered
the Sultan’s game, and I was glad of it.
Buck and I had been worried about who
was going to tell her, and how she would
take it.

  “ Well,” I broke in, “ don’t try, Leora—1
mean Miss Graves. I know all about that,
too. We found out for certain about an
hour ago, and I guess Buck is trying to find
your uncle and Fong T’sai right now—”

  “ There’s no time to lose! ” she exclaimed,
fear in her eyes again. “ It—it’s horrible!
Dave, I’ve simply got to get away from
here to-night!”

  I thought it over, quick and sudden. I
did not see much sense in lingering around
the premises, myself; I was still in that
Malay costume, which I had come to like
pretty well by this time, and as long as I
wore it, they would think me unarmed and
helpless. It looked to me as if I had better
take action myself and let Fong T’sai and
Buck trail along.

  “ All right,” I said to Miss Graves.
“ Now, it’s about three o’clock and I judge
the Sultan is taking his siesta. He laid out
the program that way this morning—said
he always took a nap from about two thirty
to three thirty or four. He was on the
phone from his room when you got in oh the
wire, likely.”

  “ Yes,” she said, watching me. “ Go
on!”

  “ You’ve got to act quick and sudden—
catch ’em by surprise,” I said. “ All we
want is to get aboard the schooner: we’re
safe there. You’ve got to make a stall that
you want to see the Malay village down by
the river, see? Once we get that far—”
“But no one speaks English except the
Sultan!” she broke in. “ How can I talk
to them?”

  “ Well,” I said, “ you leave that to me.
We’ll find a way, somehow. Get your hat
and come along!”

  Most girls, I reckon, would have asked
a lot of questions and hemmed and hawed

    8	A-S

about what was proper and conventional,
and all that; but not Leora. No, sin! She
opened that door and ducked inside, and in
two seconds she was back again with a straw
hat in her hand.

  “ Go ahead,” she said.

  So I did. What was mainly in my head
was to pick up Kelpy and Fong and the
rest on our way, but nobody seemed in
their rooms as we passed, and we went on
down-stairs. Whether we found the others
or not, I meant to get Leora safe aboard
the schooner without wasting any time. But
I did want to collect the rest of our party.

  As we got down-stairs, I remembered
something, and it made me feel sick. On
the way in from the hunt, just before Buck
and I had paid our visit to Kapit Ai Perang,
I had heard Professor Graves and Kelpy
talking to the Sultan about visiting his
model plantations, which lay a couple of
miles off to the north of the palace, away
from the river. So I judged that they had
all gone there, and I was right. Fong had
gone too, he being interested in such things
because he had a big rubber plantation of
his own, somewhere near Singapore. The
only one who had not gone was Buck, and
we met him just as we came out on the
terraces and started toward the soldiers’
quarters to rustle up a bullock cart.

  Lordy, but I was glad to see old Buck
drifting around there! He came up to us,
and 1 gave him no chance for any argument,
but told him quickly what Leora had heard
over the wire and where she was going.

  “ Now, Buck,” I says, “ none of your
talk! She’s going down to the schooner,
and she’s going this minute, and you’ve got
to work it with the Malays yonder. Get
her over to the river settlement, and it '11
be a cinch to lay out a boat and run down
the river—”

  “ Sure,” said Buck, sarcastically. “ I’ll
not interfere with your program, Dave; it
looks pretty sensible to me. But what
about Graves and Fong T’sai? They’ll not
know what has taken place, and the Sultan
will sure permiscerate them out of revenge! ”

  “ All right,” I said, giving him a shove
forward. “ You talk Malay, so you get
Miss Graves down to the schooner, some-
how! I’ll come over to the stables and
290

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

wave good-by, like I expected you back in
a few minutes, then I’ll find Fong, and tip
him off. Leave that to me! And, Buck—
if anything happens that you can’t make
the ship, run over to Hell Island and hide
in that treasure chamber, and take a look at
the central stone. Maybe there’s a hidden
spring that releases it.”

  “ You talk as if we had a motor-launch,”
said Buck, laughing. “ Come along, Miss
Graves! We’ll commigulate these Malays
and get a bullock cart.”

  I was more or less worked up and earnest
about it, but Buck took the whole thing like
it was a joke, and I was mighty proud of
the way he conducted himself. On the way
over to the stables, he chatted and laughed
and joked with Miss Graves, but I noticed
that there was nothing loose about his voice
or his words now. He had tightened up
considerably.

  Well, when we got to the other buildings,
out came the steward, Tock Gump. He and
Buck conversed for a minute, and I judged
the Sultan had given orders that Miss
Graves was to have anything she wanted,
because Tock Gump called out a bullock
cart in a hurry, and six of the soldiers with
it. Buck protested at that, and said that
he would sooner have the company of Tock
Gump than that of the soldiers, which flat-
tered the fat steward and made him suspect
nothing. So the soldiers stayed home, and
Tock Gump climbed into the cart.

  “ Watch out for him,” I said to Buck.
“ They’ll obey him down at the village.”

  “ By the time we get there,” said Buck,
looking a little desperate, “ Tock Gump will
be somewhere else, son. Good-by — and
good luck!”

  Leora said she thought it was fine and
grand in me to stay behind to warn her
uncle, and although she tried to be per-
fectly natural so Tock Gump would not
suspect anything, her eyes were misty. So
they got into the cart and we all waved otir
hands and laughed, like it was nothing im-
portant, and off they went.

  I watched them out of sight. I tell you,
it made me feel blue to see them going that
way, while I stayed behind to get old Fong
out of it.' Of course, I was anxious about
Graves, but not in the same way.

  Not knowing what else to do, I started
back to the palace. All of a sudden some-
thing struck me as mighty queer—the stew-
ard, Tock Gump, being about the place!
He had been sent to the schooner that
morning with Traddle; when had he re-
turned, and why had we heard nothing more
about what he had done with Traddle? It
did not look'right' to me. The more I
thought about it, the more worried I got.

  At the palace, there was no one to whom
I could talk, because the Sultan was not yet
on the job, and he was the only one who
spoke English. Without a guide, it would
be foolish for me to chase off into the jungle
trying to find the rest of the crowd; so I
got my pipe and went out on the upper
terrace and took a chair.

  From there I had a good view of every-
thing on the location. The harem, over
across the lake, was enjoying some kind of
a hen party, because I could hear music
and song; but to the eye it was dead and
deserted. I was just thinking about it and
wishing I could have a peep at what was
going on inside, to see if the books told the
truth about such things, when I saw a man
riding away from the stables and barracks.
He was on horseback, but I recognized him
right off, and it was Candelario.

  Some of the soldiers stopped him, then I
saw him turn his horse and come toward me,
by himself. Other soldiers were slouching
over toward the palace, behind me, but I
was mainly paying attention to Candelario;
his coming out in the open, that way, looked
bad. However, he did not seem to be
armed. He rode his pony right out on the
second terrace, a few feet below me. and
waved his hand to me as he came along.
He was grinning, and the gold rings were
shaking in his ears as he jogged along.

  “ Hello, senor!” he called, his voice
mocking. Then he reined up, close to me.
“ Well, I understand that you, and you
alone, know where the treasure is to be
found! Congratulations, my caballero!
Come, tell me the secret-and we shall share
it!”

  I told him where he could go, and I said
a few more things as well, hoping that he
would start something so that I could pull
my gun on him. He got furious enough,
SUCH A NICE MAN.

291

for a minute, then he laughed and rolled a
cigarette, his dirty eyes fastened on me.
When he had lighted it, he blew out a thin
cloud of smoke and picked up his reins.

  “ Luckily for you, my son,” he said silk-
ily, “ your life has been ordered spared—
for the present. Later, perhaps, we shall
talk of these things. Adieu, senor! I go to
bring back the charming senorita—and to
leave the foolish Mr. Buck in the river! ”

  He waved his hand, laughed and shook
his earrings, and rode away. I did not try
to stop him, because he was in no hurry and
evidently suspected nothing at all of Buck’s
real errand; he probably thought he would
find Leora looking over the Malay village,
and Buck interpreting for her. As Buck
was sure to be gone by the time he got
there,. I let him go.

  There was no longer any doubt that
Leora had got away just in the nick of time.
Some of the soldiers came down from the

palace gates, where they were lounging, and
looked me over, pointing at the haft of my
broken kris and laughing. I took out the
kris, and when they saw it was broken,
they laughed some more. I started for the
palace, but they would not let me leave the
terrace, although they were respectful
enough. Then they loafed back toward the
gates again.

  It was plain enough. I was supposed not
to have any weapons, and it was quite mani-
fest that I had none—only they did not
look under my armpit, for that was a new
wrinkle to them. I was to be kept here, so
I could 'not get a gun. But why? What
had happened?

  A moment later I knew. From the Malay
quarters came a burst of sharp, yelping
shouts, then I heard the drumming hoofs of
a galloping horse, and turned around quick-
ly to see Kelpy riding like the devil for the
palace.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the conclusion of this story without waiting a month.

yd

            TKarve Miller cJon.es

DAN MACDONALD’S desk-telephone
rang sharply.

 That mild-faced lawyer hurriedly
 concluded a sentence to the stenographer at
 his elbow as he reached for the receiver.

 “ Yes?”

 “ Hurry right in, will you, Dan?”

 The voice was altogether too calm.

 “ Oh, you back, McQuillin? Yes, yes.”

  Macdonald’s ruddy face had gone white.
He sprang from his swivel-chair and almost
ran to the door, swiftly directing as he did
so: “ No carbon copy, Miss Simpson; it’s
just a tentative draft,” and hurried dowg
the corridor.

  His partner’s voice. The dead coldness
of it! It sounded like sheer disaster. And
such a disaster spelt ruin for them both!
292

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

He sought hard to control his panic as he
entered Joe McQuillin’s rooms.

  The big, handsome man at whose side he
had fought through many a legal battle, sat
dejectedly at his desk, his broad shoulders
hunched forward. As Macdonald entered,
he raised a gray face and drew in his breath
quiveringly. Mechanically he reached for
his brier pipe and stuffed tobacco into the
bowl. Macdonald’s heart throbbed in dumb
sympathy at the sturdy fight for non-
chalance. “ Well, Joe?”

  “ Yes! Drysdale has gone!”

  ‘Gone — actually gone?” gasped Mac-
donald, sinking into a chair.

  ‘‘ He never even went up to Michigan at
all! He went—I don’t know where.”

  The two lawyers numbed with appre-
hension. It was so big a calamity that for
the moment its realization—chilled into
grim knowledge now that there was no
longer uncertainty—stupefied them like a
crushing physical blow. Joe McQuillin
puffed at the cold pipe he had forgotten to
light. Macdonald’s plump face puckered
itself into lines of savage irony. He gritted
sarcastically:

  “ So J. Rankin Drysdale, of the law firm
of Macdonald, McQuillin and Drysdale, has
severed his connection with the firm, with-
out the usual prosy formalities; and his
silver tongue will no more—cajole—here-
abouts! Nice, gentlemanly sort of fellow,
that partner of ours! True as steel!”

  The bitter, ironical twist of speech ex-
hibited a familiar mannerism—the habit of
years. His partner understood him as
though he had snarled a curse.

  “ Yes, it’s as bad as that!” agreed Mc-
Quillin despairingly. He sucked miserably
at his pipe. The stamina had oozed out of
him. And in the presence of the man who
had known him in his hours of strength, the
virulent prosecuting attorney felt a grim
luxury in taking the count without even a
pretense of stolidity.

  “I’m—I’m flabbergasted, Dan! Lord!
this is frightful!”

  Macdonald got up hurriedly without an-
swering and went to a window. He turned
slowly as McQuillin muttered:

  “ I suppose you realize that—that we’re
completely done for.”

  It was an assertion, but there was a
pitiful question—was there any hope—in
the low voice.

  Macdonald whistled tunelessly, but said
nothing. He was a mild, commonplace
looking man with scant, colorless hair and a
querulous trick of raised eyebrows. His
remarkably successful career would have
proved a disconcerting problem to the
phrenologist. Yet there was a noticeable
breadth between his deep, blue eyes. The
ironical keenness of his mind had served
as a check on McQuillin’s impulsive Irish
pugnacity.

  The two made a law-court combination
that usually left dazed opponents trying to
explain to irate clients. Upon a signal vic-
tory Macdonald’s comment was: The good
old firm did manage to blunder through
somehow.

  “ Yet I wonder,” he now queried mildly,
“ if we’ve got to the bottom of our genial
partner’s—borrowings—”

  “Borrowings!” stormed McQuillin,
clenching his big fists helplessly. “ Dan, say
what you mean—for once! He’s stolen
over seventy thousand dollars of our clients’
money—that’s what he’s done! And we’re
personally responsible for every cent of it!
We simply can’t make it up—can’t begin to
make it up!”

  Discovering the pipe in his hand he im-
patiently flung it on the desk, and, regretta-
bly profane, he stormed on:

  “ Here we’ve been working along together,
Dan, these twelve years; side by side,
bumping along against mighty heavy oppo-
sition. The name of Macdonald and Mc-
Quillin meant something when that damned
shyster Drysdale came. Some imp of mis-
chief put it into my head to attend that
meeting of the American Bar Association
six years ago. I heard Drysdale speak in
one of the committees. Man, man, but he
could talk! Smart as a steel trap! He
hypnotized me. I suggested that he come
on to Springfield—come in with us! That
was the big mistake!”

  “ Oh, well, now,” soothed Macdonald,
“ you shouldn’t—”

  “ And you said something at the time
that should have warned me. You said,
you remember: ‘ So good a man needs no
SUCH A NICE MAN.

293

past.’ I didn’t get you then. You did not
want to chill my enthusiasm, but—”

  “ He looked pretty good to me, too, in
some ways.”

  “ And when we set him on former District
Attorney Robinson in the Meagher murder
trial, he carried us both off our feet—the
same as he did the whole court. But—but
even then we should have kept him merely
on salary—like the others. Our rules would
then have required a bond from him. But
we took him right into the firm—or, rather,
I did—and thus invited him to take our
financial life into his keeping. Trusted him
with the firm’s signature and a partner’s
power to act so that each member of the
firm is bound. Oh, I thought a man could
trust his partner!”

  “ He can! ” said Macdonald stubbornly,
his eyes glinting; “ if that partner’s a man
like—like big Joe McQuillin, and not a
pirate!”

  “ I might have known two years ago,”
accused McQuillin, “ when I used to get
hints of his gambling tendencies—knocking
about with that fast Bixby crowd. Damn
it, I get to think a man’s a man because I’ve
asked him to trust me."

  McQuillin sat restlessly pounding his fist
on the corner of his desk.

  Macdonald admitted slowly: “ I had a
disquieting hunch at the time of nomination
for district attorney last year, Joe, that
Drysdale’s being thrust aside for you
rankled in that gentleman’s manly bosom.
He is not the less merry now in the thought
that this little coup of his will prove—er—
embarrassing to you.”

  McQuillin’s face sagged, heavy with
anger. “The devilishness of it, Dan!” he
snarled. “ I’ll dig him out of his hole, wher-
ever he is. I’ll—I’ll—”

  “No!” proposed Macdonald. “Let me
see what I can do. In the mean time we
must keep the thing under cover. We’ll try
to trace him, too, through your friend,
Mason’s agencies. Have our Mr. N. Brown
check up everything, see exactly how far the
thing has gone.”

  “Yes, yes. We’ll do all that; but what
can you do?” McQuillin’s face was without
hope. “ He’s spent the greater part of the
money by now, no doubt. And if we arrest

him or try to extradite him from some out-
landish place, he’ll pull us into it with him.
He’ll swear we’re all in—deep. So in any
case it’s the ruin of us as a reputable law
firm. Even if our mealy-mouthed protes-
tations of being victimized would convince
some, still—they’d pass us up—as suckers.”
A clerk entered, extending a card.
McQuillin glanced swiftly at it.

  “ Miss M. V. Allen!” he gasped uneasily.
“ Now what! 1 hope her securities are
intact!”

  “ I didn’t know that Drysdale had charge
of those securities!” broke in the other,
startled.

  “ Yes. Like a fool I—our N. Brown was
rushed to death with those expropriation
cases, and I asked him to send in these mat-
ters to Drysdale’s department.”

  “Interesting!” murmured Macdonald
sardonically.

  Miss Allen was courteously received as
befitted a rich client. She sat primly on
the extreme edge of a deep-cushioned chair
and, disregarding its invitation to ease,
announced:

  “I find that Mr. Drysdale-is absent!”
  “ Ah, yes; he—”

  “ And I thought it best to consult—to
bring this letter to you. Mr. McQuillin. I
can’t understand it!”

  McQuillin reached out a polite hand. His
hegrt was thumping. What next?

  “ I never authorized that letter,” com-
plained Miss Allen.

  Macdonald had reached the door when
McQuillin’s voice stopped him.

  “Just a moment, Mr. Macdonald. Er—
allow me to ”—he glanced at the lady—“ to
make you acquainted with Miss Allen.”
Macdonald had shut the door carefully
and had come back into the room. He
bowed. McQuillin explained:

  “ Miss Allen is a daughter of the late
Senator—”

  “ Yes.”

  “ This letter is from our firm to a Mr.
T. E. Harley. It is dated the 20th of April.
We invested some thirty-two thousand dol-
lars of Miss Allen’s funds in a mortgage
from Harley—”

  “ Yes.”

  McQuillin was puzzled at his partner’s
294

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

pretense of ignorance. He pondered a mo-
ment, then went on:

  “ The letter runs:

“ Dear Sir :

  “ Your mortgage to Miss M. V. Allen is, as you
know, overdue, and we are now instructed to re-
quire a payment on account of the same of at
least twenty thousand dollars by the tenth of
May next. Otherwise foreclosure proceedings will
be commenced.

  “Trusting that we may not be forced to take
this extreme measure to protect our client’s in-
terests.

“ Yours very truly,

“ Macdonald, McQuillin and Drysdale,
“Per J. R. Drysdale.”

  Macdonald stifled an exclamation, then
sat in grim silence.

  “ Mr. Harley came to me this morning,”
explained Miss Allen to the two lawyers,
who sat intently listening, “ and asked me
not to press him further on the mortgage.
He said that he had relied on my former
assurance to him that so long as I got the
interest promptly I would not compel him
for a while to withdraw his funds from his
business. I assured him that I had not
instructed the firm to ask for payment, and
that he might rest easy.”

  As expression of intense relief had laxed
the mobile features of Joe McQuillin as the
lady explained, he glanced at his partner,
who nodded briefly.

  “ There must have been some mistake,”
excused McQuillin. “ We have another
client, a Miss Margaret Allen—a niece of
Mr. Allen of the Consolidated Electric—
and possibly our Mr. N. Brown, who
handed these securities over to Mr. Drys-
dale, did not make it—er—clear to—”

  The lady nodded. “ Poor Mr. Harley
had the greatest difficulty in raising the first
payment of twenty thousand—”

  “ Raising the twenty thousand—”

  “ Yes—that this letter asked for. He
should have come to me then.”

  “ Do I understand you, Miss Allen, to
say that Harley raised twenty thousand?”
McQuillin spoke with difficulty, as though
a hand were clutching at his throat.

  “ Why, yes, Mr. McQuillin! He paid it
in to Mr. Drysdale.”

  “Oh! Ah! Exactly!”

  “ And it was when he made this payment

that Mr. Drysdale told him he would have
to have the balance in ten days.”

  “ Humph—pardon me-—I see,” said Mc-
Quillin.

  The lady glanced curiously at the lawyer,
then asked:

  “ This twenty thousand dollars is still,
I presume, uninvested—unless you have—”
“Just so,” broke in McQuillin. “I’ll
send for the papers in the matter, and we’ll
see how it stands.” He touched a bell.
“ We are extremely sorry that this mistake
should have—”

  “ Just one moment, Mr. McQuillin,” in-
terrupted Macdonald swiftly. “ I was about
to see our Mr. N. Brown on the—the
Irving matter, and 1 will personally ask
him to bring the papers. He has the keys of
the security boxes.”

  He hurried out without waiting for a
reply. Encountering a clerk at the door he
dismissed him with a word. Presently he
returned, empty-handed.

  “ Mr. Brown is at the equity court.
Will return at about three thirty,” he apolo-
gized. “ Will you wait, Miss Allen? Or I
might suggest that the matter—er—stand
as it is until Mr. Drysdale’s return. He
will have some satisfactory explanation,
presumably. In the mean time we will at
once write Harley, assuring him that he
need have no further uneasiness.”

  “ W-e-11, per-h-aps that would be as
well.” hesitated the lady. “ Mr. Drysdale
is—well, such a nice man! I cannot think
that he has done this thing oppressively—
without reason.”

  “ Oh, he had the very best of reasons.
I have no doubt of that,” jibed Macdonald
bitterly. “ It will indeed be most humilia-
ting to him to realize that he has caused
unnecessary distress.”

  McQuillin stole a warning frown at his
ironic partner.

  “Indeed!” sighed the spinster, happily
confirmed in her personal estimate of the
dashing Drysdale. She just knew that a
cozy talk with Rankin Drysdale would
make everything right. These prosy men
knew very little about their own office
affairs, it would seem. She was sure that
Mr. Drysdale was much cleverer, anyway.
One felt such confidence in him.
SUCH A NICE MAN.

295

  As the door closed upon their fair client,
Macdonald put his back against it, the set
look of studied professional decorum van-
ished from his tense face, and he burst into
a sort of hysterical giggle.

  “ It cannot be said, with any degree of
exact truth, that our esteemed associate is
a piker! ” he snickered bitterly. “ And how
ardently he wanted that other twelve thou-
sand—just to make it an even hundred!
But he found it inadvisable to tarry.” His
face twisted into a rather pitiful grin. “ My
eloquent friend has a very taking disposi-
tion. Still, much as I admire him, I for
one did not wish to assume criminal as well
as civil liability for him.”

  “ How do you mean?”

  “ Supposing you had got those papers,
looked them over, noticed some penciled
memo of the receipt of the twenty thousand
and admitted its receipt by the firm—which
you would have then been forced to do to
save our face—wouldn’t that have linked
us up actually with the money instead of
as now only legally—as partners?”

  McQuillin nodded .slowly. “I’m—I’m not
used to walking over thin ice with the men
I trust,” he excused. “ Thank you, old
man. You kept your head.”

  “ Everything else is gone, though,” sighed
Macdonald. “Professional reputation—‘safe
as a church ’—oh, hell! It ’11 be a scorcher! ”
McQuillin nodded dejectedly. “ Dan, I’m
about ready to—to cave in! I can’t stand
the gaff! ”

  He stopped by a window, and when he
turned his face was set in hard lines of
resolve. Men’s first impulses in crises are
much the same. The fineness of a man’s
stamina lies in the texture of his second
thought.

  “ We’ll stick by the wreck till—till hell
freezes over!” he gritted.

  “ That’s the way to talk, man! ” exclaimed
Macdonald. “ I-et’s put on our workin’ clo’s
and jump right in. Business as usual.
And, till we see, keep the thing under cover.
Ascertain the exact extent of the silver-
lipped Drysdale’s expropriations. Might
have to test the securities, send our check
statements—”

  “ Oh, yes! All that—after the horse has
been stolen.”

  McQuillin was suffering a slight relapse
from his sturdy resolve. Well, who
wouldn’t? Joe McQuillin was neither a
quitter nor a coward; but a glimpse of his
home and all that it meant to him had
rushed across his vision. It is unselfishness,
not conscience, that doth make cowards of
us all.

  Macdonald stood squinting moodily at
the other’s renewed dejection; then, shrug-
ging his shoulders, he walked slowly to the
door. There, however he paused, balanced
uncertainly, then coming swiftly back,
placed an unaccustomed hand on McQuil-
lin’s arm. It was an awkward personal
caress. Deeply ashamed, manlike, in the
act, yet he gritted his teeth and pulled off
the rest of the movie stunt, his heart beating
oddly. “ Buck up, old horse! Dan Mac-
donald and Joe McQuillin have been
through some before this came. We’ve got
our health. We’re young, and we can work
like wildcats. We can pay this thing up in
three, or four, or five years-—if we can
finance it somehow in the mean time. I’ve
got about nine thousand and—”

  '■ Couldn’t get the money without se-
curity,” reminded McQuillin, with the calm-
ness of absolute unbelief.

  “ Difficult, I know. Might, somehow,
though! We’ll promise ourselves now, for
all time, anyhow, that we’ll climb onto the
water-wagon against intoxicating partners!”

  McQuillin glanced admiringly into his old
friend’s face. Here was a man! And he
had been hard hit, too.

  “ What about your brother at college?”
sighed McQuillin sympathetically.

  “He can come home from college!”
snapped the other, and went out, slamming
the door.

II.

  Near the end of a busy afternoon in the
criminal court McQuillin trudged wearily
back to his offices, and sought out his
partner.

  Macdonald was talking, pleasantly, to
Arnold, the drafting expert of the firm.

  “ And locked up by a charming yet
chilly testamentary oversight.”

  Macdonald paused and lit a cigarette.
Arnold, red as a poppy, broke in hurriedly;]
298

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 “ I will—perhaps I’d better consider this
 —and prepare another draft—”

 As the crestfallen attorney hurried out,
 chidden but grateful, Macdonald turned
 nonchalantly to his partner.

 “ Well?”

 “ Oh, the court? A good day enough,
 but—”

 “ No • buts,’ Joe, till the big splash!”
 A clerk knocked.

 “ Mr. McCracken, of McCracken, Hines
 and Risinger wishes to see you, Mr. Mc-
 Quillin.”

 “ Tell him to come on in here.”

 Mr. McCracken appeared in the door-
 way, smirking his perpetual smirk. He was
 a little, squat, oily lawyer, with a hard
 mouth and a harder eye. He grudged
 McQuillin’s force and Macdonald’s re-
 straint, and despised them both for their
 rectitude. Deep down in his soul he envied
 them this quality, and deeper still he hated
 himself for his envy. He was a brilliant
 shyster.

 “ Mr. Drysdale is away, I learn.”

    Yes, McCracken.”

 “ Ah! That matter of the pulp limits in
 Michigan—”

 “ Yes, our Mr. Drysdale went up to look
 into the matter.”

 “ Oh, no! He started, but just before
 he got off I met his offer for an option.”

 “ Wha-at!”

 “ Oh, didn’t he tell you? Yes; I paid
 him five thousand dollars to bind the bar-
 gain.”

 McQuillin flinched; then swiftly;

 “ At what figure?”

 “ Seven hundred and fifty thousand.”
 McQuillin and Macdonald were past
 mere gasping. They felt like aloof specta-
 tors, queerly unconcerned with their own
 doom.

 "Oh! And do you happen to have the
 —the option with you?”

 “ Sure! I brought it over to close the
 deal.”

 McQuillin scanned it. “ Our client, Colo-
 nel Manning, had previously, I believe, been
 holding out for seven hundred and sixty-five
 thousand.”

 McQuillin paused and glanced dully at
 his partner, who grinned sardonically.

  “I know that!” smirked McCracken.
“ And in fact Drysdale told me several
times that Colonel Manning would not take
a cent less. At last he told me that he was
being sent up there to get a first-hand
opinion. But that same afternoon—it was
the last Tuesday week—Drysdale came to
me and stated that the colonel had changed
his mind—I don't know why—and so we
closed the deal.”

  McQuillin blinked. “ Yes. Well, there
was some other business that Drysdale had
to attend to, it seems.”

  McCracken smirked with unusual gusto.
His little eyes snapped at some hidden jest.
“ When can you have Colonel Manning’s
conveyance ready, gentlemen?”

  “ Perhaps we’d better wait till—till Mr.
Drysdale comes back,” suggested Mac-
donald. “ He’s in personal touch with the
affairs, and it’s in his department. I per-
sonally don’t know very much about it.”

  “ Nor I,” said McQuillin, remembering
the Harley mortgage.

  “ Well, all right—for the time.” hesitated
McCracken, “ but my clients wish to have
the papers in such form that they may use
them with their bankers as collateral—”
McCracken left his sentence unfinished,
pursed his thick lips, smirked and started to
go out. He paused at the door and scruti-
nized the two men covertly. “ The colonel
climbed down mighty sudden! Drysdale
acted as though he had instructions to get
the ready money as soon as possible. Per-
haps the colonel needs it. Drysdale wanted
a deposit of ten thousand, but I thought
five would cover the possible damages for a
month’s option. You’d better get in touch
with the colonel, or I will!”

  “ The matter will naturally receive our
immediate • and foremost attention,”
snapped Macdonald.

  McCracken smirked an oily farewell and
retired.

  McQuillin sank into a chair and stared
heavily at his partner. Macdonald turned
to his desk and, snatching up a pen, calcu-
lated whimsically:

  ‘•Let’s see; I made about fifty-five dollars
to-day. How much did you make, old top?”
gaily. He grinned banteringly at his part-
ner, daring him to be glum.
SUCH A NICE MAN.

297

  “ Why—oh, I don’t know. Why? About
a hundred, I s’pose.”

  “ Then let’s see now,” suggested Mac-
donald. “ Here’s a sum for your boy Bob!
He's ten, isn’t he? Good! If one lawyer
earns one hundred per day and the other
fifty-five; then if they both work like hell
for three years and have luck, by what
amount .will they fall short of making up
the sum of—what’s the whole thing come
to?”

  “What’s the use!” growled McQuillin.
His boy, Bob! His partner had inadver-
tently touched him on the very quick of his
despair.

  Macdonald took his cigarette from the
little tray at his elbow, relit it carefully,
ejected a soothing cloud of smoke from the
depths of sentient being and essayed a bit
of song.

  “ ‘ When you come to the end oj the
perfect day—’ ”

  A phonographic flattening of the high
notes rasped McQuillin’s frayed nerves be-
yond endurance.

  “ Stop it! For God’s sake, man, I—”

  “ Why, certainly. Yet music can express
subtler feelings than mere words—which
sometimes seem inadequate.” Then, per-
sistently: “That makes—let’s see: ninety
thousand, plus five, plus what we’ve got to
make up to Colonel Manning to meet his
minimum price, say, fifteen thousand, equals
the charming sum of one hundred and ten
thousand. Oh, frabjous day! Cal—”

  “ Go to blazes!” said McQuillin.

III.

  Forty-three hours later Macdonald set
out on foot from a hotel in Woodsville, New
Hampshire. The Drysdale homestead was,
he had been credibly informed, about a mile
right along that road: can’t miss it; a big,
red-brick house, settin’ down in a hollow.

  Five minutes later he found himself glibly
explaining his presence to the father and
mother of his former partner.

  “ Came up here on business,” he said,
glancing keenly at the pale, bearded face of
Drysdale, senior: “ and before I left, your
son ”—he turned and smiled genially at the
tired New England mother who sat listening

with a sort of wistful eagerness to her son’s
law-partner from the city—“ he asked me
to call and see his mother and father—and
his little sister ”—glancing with concealed
pity at a delicate child of fourteen who lay
stretched upon a couch in the shabbily clean
living-room—“ and—”

  “ Rankie has been away from Springfield
since—when was it, John?” asked the tired
little woman of her husband.

  “ Nearly two weeks, I think,” said the
father. “ He wrote your sister, Nora, from
San Francisco—”

  “Ah, yes!” swiftly interposed Macdon-
ald. “ We had been planning this trip
of mine for—for some time.”

  “ And Rankie spoke in the letter of going
to—what was the name of the place in
South America, John?”

  “ Uraqua,” hazarded the father.

  “ Ah! Uruguay?” suggested Macdonald
with sinking heart. Now that he had a
hint, he put into his question something of
the force of a statement. It wouldn’t do
to show ignorance of such an important
trip!

  “ Yes, Mr. Macdonald. On some very
important business matter—”

  “ Of a very delicate and personal na-
ture!” sneered the lawyer.

  “ It’s—it’s nice that Rankie is getting
along so well with you—these years!”
Uruguay!

  “Yes! Oh, splendid! He has done so
much for us!” He had!

  Probably no extradition from that place.
“ I’m so glad!” sighed the little woman.
“ Uncle George ”—to an old, unkempt,
shabbily dressed man who had slouched into
the room—“ Mr. Macdonald, of Ranlcie’s
law firm, you know.”

  The old gentleman put out a bony hand.
“ How long has he been with you, Mr.
Macdonald?”

  “ Some six years, sir.”

  “ Humph!” grunted the old man, glanc-
ing sharply at the lawyer, with an enigmati-
cal grimace.	^
“ Well!” mused Macdonald, his eye de-
spairingly upon the faded rugs, the carefully
darned window-curtains through which the
sun softly caressed the wan little girl’s
transparent fingers. “ There’s nothing to
298

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

hope for here. Our silver-tongued friend
has been here first! Judge Eastman told
me the place was mortgaged to the cupola.
It looks it!”

  And there were spiritual mortgages here,
too. On the mother’s face he had been
reading the settled look of astonished in-
credulity that her boy, her pride, had not—
yet—fulfilled those whispered, sacred prom-
ises whose non-fulfillment left her wonder-
ing, wondering. There was, too, the money
he had promised to send—oh, it was two
years ago now—so that that expensive oper-
ation might be performed for the little sister,
that would make her—God willing!—well
and strong again, running about among the
flowers, dancing up the path. Ah! The
tears came. Her Puritan austerity scolded
them back.

  “ He—my son—is doing quite well—
pardon a mother’s inquisitiveness!—quite
well—with you, financially?”

  Macdonald was fidgeting to get away
from this house of hope deferred. It
made his heart sick. The whole place
spelled disappointed hopes, sacrifice at the
futility of which devils gibed.

  His own trouble—arising out of the
same cause—obsessed him. A bitterness
burned in his brain. Twenty years of de-
cent living and hard-earned success crip-
pled by the airy passing of a degenerate!
As he reached for his hat and stick he
answered with a veiled, characteristic bitter-
ness: “ Financially? Why, he’s in a fair
way to become rich!”

  He went over and bent down to the little
girl. “ I—I hope you don’t suff—that you
are resting easily.”

  She put out a wan hand, and smiled.
Her eyes were clear and candid like her
mother’s.

  Mrs. Drysdale stole a searching glance at
Macdonald’s serious face. She seemed sat-
isfied, and explained:

  “ An operation is necessary, the doctors
say. Uncle George ”—she paused a mo-
ment and looked over to where the two
men were complainingly discussing the
drought—“ Uncle George says that to med-
dle with God’s dispensations is—wicked and
blasphemous! But then Uncle George is
old-fashioned, queer. I wish he—”

  She stopped and stood biting her twitch-
ing lips. The girl placed a white hand on
her arm caressingly. “ Never mind, mum-
sy! Don’t bother! Things will come out
right. I’m sure of it!”

  The mother absently patted the girl’s
thin arm.

  “ Mr. Macdonald, I am going to ask you
to — to find a good opportunity — when
Rankie is not too busy—and tell him about
his sister. He knows of course, but—but
he’s so busy, so ambitious. Men have to
be—heedless—a little—don’t you think?—
self-centered to succeed?” What a special
pleader is a mother when a son’s honor is
at stake! “ But his heart is torn by all this
—he has said so to me in such beautiful
letters! I could show you—”

  “ I see,” murmured Macdonald, chilled
to the heart. “ Of course!”

  “ So—won’t you—you will—tactfully—
explain?”

  “ I will explain—as soon as I have an
opportunity! ”

  When he turned away from the couch
his teeth were clenched and he fiercely
blinked his eyelids.

  “ I’ll be moving along now. How good
it is to see Drysdale’s folks! Little visits
like these ”—cheerily courteous—“ well,
they are like oases in the desert of profes-
sional—dryness! ”

  The father broke in heartily: “ Can’t you
stay a day or two? Stay and go fishing!”
He had not risen from his rheumatic chair.
“ Rankin used to enjoy these streams—”

  “ Why not, Mr. Macdonald?” joined in
the mother. “ Take pot-luck with us!
Some one who had been near Rankie—”
But Macdonald, pleading pressure of
business, bade them good-by. The old
uncle trudged along the road with him.

  “ Great day, isn’t it? Too fast for you,
sir?”

  “ No! ” said the old man, sturdily length-
ening his stride.

  The two moved along through the after-
noon sunshine. The air was balmy. Birds
sang. Nature was gracefully erect. There
seemed no room for sense of wrong. And
yet men—

  Gone to Uruguay! The damned scoun-
drel! The actual knowledge was a decisive
SUCH A NICE MAN.

299

and final adjudication on Macdonald’s faint
hopes that somehow—yet—some unex-
pected twist of whimsy event might bring
all out—decent! A great laugh at a bad
scare and— But Uruguay!

  “ The boy was somewhat of a—in fact—
I shouldn’t say this, Mr. Macdonald. An
old man’s scolding tongue—a deep disap-
pointment to his folks! But it appears
that during the six years he had been with
you he has developed; got over his excesses
—yes—mere excesses—and grown into a
man; a man provident and honorable—”

  Half-heartedly Macdonald listened to the
old man’s chatter. It was all of a piece.
Wistful hopes. A fierce, tenacious wish to
think well of the boy who had laid the
family low.

 “ Oh? Honorable? Why, Mark Twain
once described a character as possessing a
hare-lip, a kind heart, and everybody said
he was as true as steel! Well, Rankie
hasn’t the hare-lip—”

  “ Ah! ” cackled his companion.

  At the hotel Macdonald absently shook
hands with the old farmer. He ascertained
the address of the aunt of whom Mr.
Drysdale had spoken. There was a slight
chance.

  He then had a long, hopeless interview
with Judge Eastman, who, providentially
persuaded him to spend the evening with
him and take the early morning train for
Concord. Well, there were plans to make
before he played his last card. He would
wait.

  We have said providentially, for as Mac-
donald lit a cigarette and glanced at the
morning paper in the smoker the next morn-
ing. he noted that the evening train had
been wrecked; some vague details, two or
three killed, many injured. “ A man’s in
luck so long as he keeps alive!” he mused
optimistically.

  The aunt, Mrs. Colthurd, was a comely
woman of forty. She folded her large, capa-
ble hands in her lap and listened quietly
to the tale that Macdonald, after a minute’s
scrutiny of the woman’s face, felt perfectly
free to tell her. She nodded from time
to time in sad understanding.

  “ Yes,” said she, “ I know. I know!”

  “ I—we are in desperate straits, Mrs.

Colthurd; I could not forego employing
every means within my reach—”

  “ It is—dreadful! Have you told—you
have not told the father and mother?”

  “ No.”

  “ Then, why me?”

 “ Because—we lawyers can judge—”
Then with a wince: “ Yes, I know! But a
partner is—a partner! We trust a part-
ner! ”

  “ I know,” said the woman again. Then
she sighed and explained:

  “ I have lent money to Rankie till he
has—bled me white! I have paid for his
youthful scrapes. I even lent him money
to go to Springfield when you people took
him up. I was so hopeful that he would
do well there! He promised at any rate
that I would not have to bother about the
interest on the mortgage—”

  “You mortgaged!”

  “ Yes. And I am a little doubtful if I
shall be able to pay the interest money this
summer. Still I may manage.” She twisted
her long, capable fingers about each other
nervously. “ I am well and strong. And
1 have a boy growing up who is going to
help me all he can! Of course he was to
have—”

  “Gone to college!” snapped Macdonald
with a scowl.

  “ Well, yes—dental school. But Rankie
was the family’s hope. He was—in our
foolish hearts—we thought great tilings for
Rankie.”

  Macdonald took up his hat and snarled
into it:

  “ Rankie is that sort of chap to justify
the sacrifice of many obscure lives in order
that he—exist beautifully!”

  “ I beg your pardon. Oh, I see! You
are ironic! Oh, well—”

  The woman smiled: then sighed, and her
eyes grew full of wistfulness. She looked
at a large photograph of the hope of the
house; it beamed out from its ornate frame
on the old-fashioned center table—superb!
“ Such promise! ” she sighed.

  “ Really, I do think yet that—”

 “ Oh. certainly. He is—er—a king
among men! I really beg your pardon!
Forgive me—I had not meant—” For the
woman was crying.
300

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He went out quickly, cursing beneath his
breath.

  He took the next train back to Woods-
vilie, and wired non-progress to his partner.
He ended laconically: “ What’s the score?”

IV.

  Grimly, standing the gaff somehow, Mc-
Quillin maneuvered through the next four
days. Twice he sent out frantic S. O. S.
messages to his partner. What in the world
was the man doing? Why was he loitering
about in New Hampshire? His carefully
worded messages brought back but vague
responses. “Hold her down!” Hold her
down! It was mighty hard work. It was
a matter now of hours.

  Tuesday morning at ten fifteen Macdon-
ald suddenly appeared at the door of Mc-
Quillin’s rooms and tossed his attorney’s
bag carelessly to one side. There was no
greeting between the two. The soul is raw-
ly awake in crises. The petty and non-
essential go by default.

  McQuillin tossed a letter to him. “ Read
that!” he grunted.

  “Eh? When did you get this?”

  “ This morning.”

  “ Well! Well! From our bold and way-
ward boy orator! Eh! Let’s see—what’s
he say?” He studied the address again,
then read slowly:

“ En route for South America.

“ My dear ex-partners :

  •‘You have, no doubt, by this time—by means
of your unusually efficient bookkeeping system—
debited me with some $110,420.00. Against this
J presume that your Mr. McQuillin will be glad
to make a credit entry as follows: ‘ Compensa-
tion allowed Mr. Drysdale re giving way for Mc-
Quillin on nomination for district attorney, say,
$50,000.00.’ Then, as to balance, the present heavy
rates of exchange deter me from remitting this at
present! In the mean time I feel that during the
time I was with your firm, my services were
worth far more than I received, and that the
account is practically square!

  “ For youf solace, 1 may say that I am in
funds!

   “ A letter sent to Buenos Aires will be forward-
ed to me. Do write! Any agency business you
have in this south country, you have but to
command me!

              “ Yours sincerely,

“ J. Rankin Drysdale.”

  “The damned insolent pup!” stormed
McQuillin.

   The other silently reread the letter.

   “ Interesting! A very interesting letter! ”
he announced. “ Have you answered it?”
“ I’d like to answer it in person! ” snarled
McQuillin. “ We’ll extradite him—”
Macdonald grinned. “ He’ll land in some
unextraditable country: trust him!” He
sat silently tapping the letter on the desk.
At length he arose.

  “Tut,-Joe!” he scolded. “Our corre-
spondents should be treated with unfailing
courtesy! And especially our foreign cor-
respondents. This letter must be answered
at once!”

  He went over to the corner of the room,
lifted a leather cover from a typewriter
and found some letter-paper and carbon.
He began clumsily to pick out the letters
on the keyboard.

  McQuillin eyed him disgustedly. What
a curious make-up!

  “ For Lord’s sake, Dan, if you’re going
to acknowledge that cussed letter, get one
of the girls in and dictate it!”

  Macdonald grinned whimsically. “ I
haven’t done much at this for several years,
I admit,” he said, back-spacing to remedy
a wrong letter; “ but here is something I
have headed: ‘ Private and Confidential—
unless you wish otherwise,’ and so I’ve got
to dig the letters out myself.”

  McQuillin complained: “ Well, then, why
not a little later? This damn situation—
I've held it down in a kind of way till this
morning, but something’s got to be done
right off! I don’t know how you do it,
Dan! ” as his partner continued to painfully
indicate on the keyboard his preferences of
spelling.

  “You’re a queer make-up!”

  McQuillin returned to his desk, sat heav-
ily down and passed a nervous hand over his
forehead. How the temples throbbed! He
knew Macdonald—he knew him well. But
this—triviality, it puzzled him. Was the
man as big as he had thought him? Wasn’t
he, after all, a sort of personified irony—a
sneer. Nothing substantial behind it—no
human feelings.

  At length Macdonald ripped a second
sheet from the machine and, gathering up
SUCH A NICE MAN.

301

the papers, came over to McQuillin’s desk,
lit a cigarette and, taking up the letter, said:
“ Want to hear this? A nice, chatty let-
ter! You won’t understand some of the de-
tails—I’ll explain them later. However,
you’ll catch the gist of it:

“Our dear Mr. Drysdale:

  “ Your lettar received this morning. We note
with poignant regret that you have severed your
connection with this firm, but hope that you will
prosper in the south country and speedily attain
to some position in a public institution there
which your varied talents had already qualified
you for here—had you remained!

  “ And now for some news, dear comrade. Our
Mr. Macdonald had occasion recently to go up
to New Hampshire, and while sojourning in your
native State he visited your people. He saw
your mother, whose hands were rough with house-
hold drudgery, which, had you but witnessed it,
your filial heart would have been cruelly torn!
Your father, crippled with rheumatism, your little
sister fading, awaiting the money that would give
her back her life through a simple though somewhat
expensive operation; your aunt worrying over ma-
turing interest which you had inadvertently omit-
ted to send her. All this our Mr. Macdonald saw
—and his heart bled for you, poor wanderer!
Your Uncle George—a kind though uncouth old
gentleman—is dead! He was killed in a train-
wreck last week on his way home from a brief
visit at your father’s. Our Mr. Macdonald had
an opportunity of conversing with him only a few
hours before he was killed. He was an interest-
ing old gentleman; rather eccentric, and with
strong notions. Shortly after our Mr. Macdonald
parted'with him at the hotel, your uncle went to
his solicitor, Judge Eastman, and executed a new
will! The former one had given his surprisingly
large estate, some $122,000.00 in readily converti-
ble bonds, to certain rather eccentric charities. But
somehow—and our Mr. Macdonald does not quite
comprehend yet—your uncle gathered from our
Mr. Macdonald’s remarks that you had now ac-
quired certain admirable qualities formerly con-
spicuously absent! Our Mr. Macdonald admits
a tendency in himself to be ironical—at times—
and it may be that your uncle did not quite catch
the veiled pathos of his remarks! The upshot of
it all is, anyhow, that it served to shift the current
of his testamentary intentions, and he left the
whole estate to you—”

  “ Good Heavens! Is that true? Then
we can—” burst in McQuillin.

  “ We have!” remarked Macdonald calm-
ly. “ Listen to the sweet tidings:

  “Therefore you need not fret over the heavy
rates of exchange, for, the will having been duly
probated, with Judge Eastman as executor, we

have filed an attaching order against your for-
tunate legacy for the amount of $110,420.00,
which your letter this morning admits to be due
us! So this will very nearly square our account.”

  “ Dan!” shouted McQuillin, grasping his
partner’s hand in an excess of jubilance.
“ Whv, we’re saved! You’re a wonder!
You—”

  “ Listen, Joe,” interposed Macdonald,
“ the worst is yet to come!

  “ We have, however, in addition to the above,
included in the attaching order against your legacy
the following items, paid by us at your implied
request, namely:

Money paid to hospital in Boston to
cover expenses operation re your sister $800.00
Money paid your father for treatment

 at Hot Springs ......................................... 700.00

Money paid your mother to employ scul-
  lery maid, et cetera ................................ 500.00

Money paid, being balance of principal

  and interest on homestead .................... 4,327.00

Money paid, being balance of principal
  and interest on your aunt’s property.... 2,244,00

$8,571.00

  “ These items are, as we say, paid by us at your
implied request. From our happy intimacy with
you, we felt that were you on the spot the
money would have been so employed! We have
taken the occasion to witness the gratitude and
tender love which is singing in the hearts of your
folks over your loving care. They have en-
throned you in their souls as indeed their king!
The hope of the homestead! Our Mr. Mac-
donald is visualizing your warm gratitude when
you learn of his brotherly act on our part.
Oh, that's all right. Don’t mention it. We know
that you would do the same by us! What is life,
anyhow, without loyalty to one’s friends? There
there! Spare our blushes!

  “ If for any reason—which we find it difficult
to think—you feel disposed to contest the legality
of these payments, you have only to return to the
United States to fight the same, and in that event
we can assure you of a warm welcome I

  “ As you assure us that you are in funds, it will
be agreeable to you to know that Judge Eastman
—calculating to a nicety—figures that there .will
remain—after all payments are made and com-
missions and expenses are deducted—some thirty-
five or forty dollars—the balance of your splendid
legacy. We congratulate you again on the re-
markable outcome of our Mj. Macdonald’s chat
with your late uncle. It has saved you several
perfectly good dollars—by way of exchange!
And these little things are so annoying! Yours,
with equal sincerity,

“ Macdonald and McQuillin.”
y Cetjpieurv Dingle

Author ol " The Pirate Woman,” " The Coolie Ship,” " Steward ol the Westward,” etc.

PRECEDING CHAPTERS BRIEFLY RETOLD

THROUGH the medium of a fighl in a saki-shop on the Japanese island of Kyushu and Lynn,
the aid of a British official, Jim Gurney, wastrel, was asked by a British government official
to make a “ clean-up ” of a gang of pcarl«pirates and all-round criminals, lead by a woman of
unusual beauty, who made their headquarters on the island of Tarani. Jim accepted, and resolved
to make a clean-up of his life, too. In a small boat, and supplied with pistols, binoculars, and
some supplies, he was purposely cast up on the beach of Tarani, but he miscalculated the strength
of the sea, and was rescued by Barbara, the eighteen-year-old daughter of Ronald Goff, an English
trader.

    Barbara had been brought up as a child of nature, free from conventions of any sort. Her
father still regarded her as a child, and so did Jim; but she objected to that. She was an expert
swimmer, and helped Jim salvage the contents of his boat, including his pistols. Goff had natives
build Jim a house, and Jim helped Barbara build a new canoe. One night some no-good whites,
who lived on the other side of the island, came to Goff's store, and while Jim was sitting alone
before his hut, a woman of rare but barbaric beauty came to him and suggested that he leave the
Island. Jim laughed at her, and later his house was set afire and partially destroyed.

    Next day Jim went into the mountains and was captured by some of the woman's followers,
from whose conversation he learned that she was Mme. Miriam Jobert, the leader of the gang.
After a fierce .fight, he was left on the beach to die, hut slipped out of his bonds and started to
swim to his hut. Mme. Jobert covered him with a pistol—but didn't fire.

    Barbara had budded into womanhood suddenly, and loved Jim. She had seen his capture,
and arrived in her canoe in time to save him from drowning. Yet when she changed her usual
unconventional attire for the clothing of civilization, Jim gave her but passing notice—and for a
moment she hated him. But her father realized that she was no longer a child.

    While Jim was sitting in front of his repaired hut in the moonlight, Mme. Jobert appeared
to him again. “ I come in peace,” she said. “ Such a night lends itself to such words as I shall
say to you, man of the lion heart.”

CHAPTER XVII.

A VISIT OF PEACE.

GURNEY fell into his hammock in
mock astonishment at her high-

•	down speech, and began humming
“ Just Before the Battle, Mother.” But his
indirect derision fell very flat. Silence alone
came from the shadowy corner where the
woman had seated herself on a box, but
through the very silence itself quivered and
crept a strange, insidious quality which
worked a spell upon Gurney and speedily
changed his mood to one of more or less
embarrassed attention. An electric tremor
attacked him, and he stole a glance at that
dim corner, to shiver more acutely at the
queerly luminous eyes that regarded him

unwinkingly from the gloom, visible when
all else was invisible.

  For some moments the silence held un-
broken after his humming ceased, and for
all his worldly experience a cold moisture
broke upon his forehead. Then, as if at a
cleverly chosen instant, the woman uttered
a low, seductive laugh and reached out her
hand to gently touch his face. He started,
but subsided again as she spoke vibrantly:
“ I have sought such a man as you for
years. Such mortals are not made in dupli-
cate. I have need of you. Serve me, and
you may place your desires as high as high
heaven. Speak to me!”

  The soft hand at his face moved with a
caress in every pink finger tip; the vague
shape beside him came nearer, - and the

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for May 31.

                           302
THE CLEAN-UP.

303

beautiful face with its alluring eyes leaned
close to his. The woman emanated an in-
toxicating aura of utter desirability, warm
and of exquisite perfume; her smile was
rendered clear to him even in the shadows
by the glistening of her moist red lips.

  When she spoke first, he had felt a jump-
ing elation in the prospect of actual con-
test with this his arch opponent; as she
proceeded, the chords of his being leaped
from disuse into hot response to her mood,
for she had taken the line, by chance or by
clever selection, best calculated to discover
his vulnerable points. As he had confessed
to Lynn in Moji, Gurney’s somewhat hectic
life had been largely spent in more or less
sweet dalliance with women whose trade
was that of Thais, and the red corpuscles in
his blood ever leaped into hot eruption at
touch of such hands as now trembled on his
cheeks.

  But he had undertaken his present task
in no idle moment. Knowing every cir-
cumstance, even to the presence on Tarani
of such a woman, he had seized the chance
to make a clean-up in his life while per-
forming that other clean-up so close to the
heart of his employer; and the remem-
brance came to him in the same flashing
moment as he recalled what he had already
suffered at these caressing hands. Brush-
ing her fingers aside from his lips with a
shiver, he flung his feet out of the hammock
and sat on the edge, staring hard into her
glowing eyes and rallying his wits to meet
her seductive mood with one of brutal
sarcasm.

  “ You have looked for a man like me for
years,” he mocked. “ Yes, to burn him
alive, to have him lashed fast where the
sea and sun could boil and fry his marrow.
Oh, I know how you must have looked for
me! And serve you, you say? Place my
desires as high as heaven? I aim higher
than that, right now. There is nothing in
your power to give that which can compare
with the prize I aim at.”

  “ And what is that, pray?” came the
whisper, sweeter, more seductive than ever.
Gurney shook himself savagely to throw off
the spell of her.

  “ That is my own affair, lady,” he re-
turned bruskly, “ and if I may repeat a

question I put before, who in thunder are
you, that 1 must consider you at all?”

  The woman laughed deliciously at his
method of meeting her advances. She
seemed to be hugely gratified, as if she had
sought to arouse in him just such a temper.
She permitted a period of throbbing silence
to intervene again before she spoke, and
then her words brought Gurney sharply out
of the maze of his conflicting thoughts.

  “ Please give me some water, will you?”
A simple request, made in a simple tone,
not to be refused. Jim got out of the
hammock and fetched water from the terra-
cotta jar that always swung in the breeze
under the eaves of the hut. When he re-
entered the dim room, the woman had
usurped the hammock and swung easily
back and forth, the embodiment of feline
grace. She took the pannikin of water with
a word of thanks, and he sat down on the
box she had vacated. It was nearer to the
hammock than before; he moved it back,
and she gurgled with delight.

  “ You are difficult, my friend,” she said,
handing him the water vessel to set down.
“ Let us see. Perhaps we shall yet be good
friends. Come nearer. I will answer all
those questions you have asked me. Come.
I do not bite.”

  “Fire away!” growled Jim uneasily.
“ I’m not deaf.”

  “ As you will, then. First, I am, in
thunder or in sunshine, Miriam Jobert.
You, I remember, told me you are called
Jim Gurney. I shall call you Jim; I am
Miriam to you, if you like. Jim—that is a
name with charming possibilities when ut-
tered by the proper tongue. Jim ’ —she
gave the name a bewitching little French
accent, and it sounded like music, even to
Gurney’s stubborn ears—“ Jim, I like it,
it is good.

  “ So, Jim, that is one question answered,
and we are correctly acquainted, are we
not? Let us go on. As Miriam Jobert, I
am mistress of Tarani. and her people—”
“Like fun you are!” blurted Jim de-
risively.

  “ I am mistress of Tarani and her
people,” she went on with a little frown
that was swiftly changed into a smile.
“ Goff, the trader, is not of Tarani’s people,
S04

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

nor are you—yet. The natives recognize in
me the supreme power over them; the other
people are my own people, some of whom
you have encountered.”

  “A very pretty crowd, lady; a nice, clean,
villainous mob of piratical scum! I con-
gratulate you on your subjects, your, im-
perial highness. Carry on.”

  “ I am so glad you appreciate my fel-
lows, Jim,” she rippled. “ It makes easier
what I shall presently say. Now let me
tell you why on various occasions you
escaped death by bullet. What did you do
when you found your hut on fire? I had
hoped you were inside, but since you were
not, I watched every movement you made.
Do you recall your actions?

  “ No? Then I will tell you: You did
not run madly to put out the fire that was
destroying your entire belongings; you first
sought out the agent and paid the bill be-
fore taking stock of damages. That was the
first hint I received of your difference from
other men. Then the man I had sent to
burn you out, Joe, was the hardiest, most
formidable of my fighting ruffians, and
ought to have handled you like a baby.
But did he? No, my Jim, I saw you make
clay with him!

  " One shot was fired at you—not by my
hand—then I stopped the shooting and
watched you fight. I saw my fighting man
made to put out the fire he had made, and
I ran away from my rascals in order to
laugh with exultation. So you were not
shot that night, Jim, because I knew I had
looked upon a man. And why were you
not shot later, when I came upon the ledge
just as you had slipped from it?”

  “ Search me! I couldn’t guess that any
more than I could guess why you should
want to broil me alive after discovering
that I was such a lallapaloosa of a man.
Make it short. Tell your tale.”

  “ I will. Years of habit are not to be
lightly obliterated by one swift circum-
stance, Jim. When I thought more deeply,
I knew I could not afford to have a stranger
here, no matter what breed of Champion he
might be; my men would not submit to it;
and, above all things, my domain here is
one surrounded by perils you can know
nothing of.

  “ I decided that you must go. And since
you appeared unlikely to quit the island
willingly, I ordered your removal in the
manner you saw\”

  “ Charming creature! Pity you couldn’t
find a man who kept tigers for pets to
marry you! But I guess tigers couldn’t
teach you anything.”

  “ Droll Jim,” she laughed, and patted
his arm. “ Have you not heard that in love
or hate a woman knows no limits? I hated
you when you almost defeated my men,
bound though you were; but do you think
I could lose sight of the terrific courage in
you? Your indomitable spirit appealed to
me; your bold contempt of myself and my
people enraged me. Between two fires, of
hate and—let us call it, for the present,
admiration—I at length determined to let
you suffer the penalty allotted to you.

  “ So I went down to the ledge at meridian
of the moon to feast upon your torments.
Yoy had escaped even that deadly net, and
in my anger, humiliation, too, I would have
shot you. But, above all else, anger, hu-
miliation, I saw again the man of men who
alone could serve me in my increasingly
difficult situation. Thus you know why
you were not shot in the moment of your
flight, Jim.”

  Gurney had listened with keen curiosity,
for he had not hitherto encountered an
antagonist who refused to seize the chance
to jump on his neck when down. And
through the curiosity there leaped the con-
viction that this astounding woman would
overreach herself and impart more than she
intended did he but play her at her own
game. But that seemed difficult. He was
too much like tinder and not enough like
flint to join battle successfully with steel.

  He edged his box closer, however, and
tried to ask without eagerness: “ And what
lies back of this, Miriam?” Her hand
stroked his face softly when her name came
from his lips. She positively purred, and
he thrilled to her touch in spite of his re-
solve to fight her wiles with skill like her
own. “ I understand all you have said, and
appreciate it, of course. But tell me how

I	can serve you. Want me to fight some-
body?”

  He uttered the last sentence jerkily, for
THE CLEAN-UP.

305

it h§d cost him an effort; but with it he
recovered some of his control. It was, at
all events, far removed from her own sug-
gestive line of conversation.

  “ Perhaps,” she replied, and now there
was a languorous note in her speech. He
knew those great eyes, half closed though
they were now, never left his face; her
hand moved softly upon his forearm, she
spoke as if in dreamy reminiscence; but he
knew she was speaking straight out from a
hot, imperious heart, the dreaminess but a
cloak.

  “ Perhaps,” she said again. “ By enter-
ing my service, Jim, you can be master of
my affairs, and they are far-reaching, in-
deed. Those rough men you saw are but a
small part of my people. A hundred such
call me mistress and do my bidding. My
wealth is such that a prince might well turn
pirate to secure it. But I want none of
your princes or pirates! I have governed
these men of Tarani by my own will; they
render me dumb obedience; my business
with the outer world goes on and remains
secret.

  “ Goff yonder has lived here for more
years than a woman of my age cares to
count; yet how much does he know of me?
Nothing—less than nothing. If you won-
der why he is permitted to stay, I will tell
you that he is useful to me through his
very indifference to me. Once a year he
receives stores; he supplies my community,
and I am saved the necessity of visiting
pprts for supplies through which I might be
traced here.

  “But, Jim ”—she put a thrill into her
voice now and leaned over until her warm
body touched his shoulder and her hair
brushed his temples—“ I am weary of my
lot. I am lonely, and need a strong heart
on which to lean. Until 1 saw you fight, I
derided the thought of any man on earth
being fit to mate with me. Now I know I
have met my mate, and, oh, Jim, I want
you up there to be my king!”

  At the first touch of her body against
him, Gurney got up from his box with a
bound, and she uttered a little cry of alarm
and anger when his sudden removal almost
dropped her from the hammock. He swift-
ly got matches and lighted the lamp, trem-
9 A-S

bling and in a cold sweat, but determined
to avoid the toils she spread for him. The
light shone on her face, white as chalk, from
which her blazing eyes glittered in raging
humiliation.

  “ Sorry, Miss Miriam, but the king busi-
ness ain’t what it was before the war. I
like a fight, that’s true, and maybe we can
get together some time in that way; but call
off the king stuff for your truly, Jim
Gurney.”

  She sprang from the hammock and stood
before him panting heavily. Then, with
tremendous will, she governed herself and
showed him her smiling face again, not soft
or seductive, but quizzically humorous.

  “ So the prospect of being Miriam’s king
frightens you, eh?”

  “ Don’t say frightens,” he retorted.
“ Nothing frightens me. Say rather I don’t
want any part of your business, and you’ll
hit it. All this secret community stuff al-
ways makes me feel like taking my gun and
going hunting on the mountain.”

  There was a struggle in her face, a strug-
gle between hot-rage and cool-reason. Not
lightly had she taken the step to offer him
partnership. Her end must not be defeated
by undue hastiness of temper. She regarded
him curiously Jor a moment, and he gave
her back look for look; then there was an
interruption that wrenched them both out
of their pose of wariness of each other.

  A sharp little cry burst from the open
door, and both turned as one to see framed
in the entrance the wide-eyed, dark-flushed
face of Barbara, staring at them both in
unbelieving amaze.

  “Hello, Barbara!” greeted Jim, then
stopped, for the girl presented a picture of
awful disillusionment. Slightly crouched
forward, her lips were open in a round
“ O ” like an opened rose; in the dark pools
of her eyes shone a glitter cold as the
stars; at the bosom of her white dress the
laces billowed like waves over her pant-
ing breast; her small brown hands were
clenched so that the knuckles shone white
through the skin. With a sharp wrench
she summoned back her wandering powers
of motion, and, casting a glance of hatred
at the woman and a pitying stare at Jim,
she gathered up her fine white skirt and
306

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

plunged madly along the beach, sobbing
hysterically.

CHAPTER XVIII.

Jealousy.

FOR a moment he stood speechless, then,
laughing awkwardly, Jim turned from
the door.

  “Wonder what’s the matter with Barbara
now,” he grinned. “ Too bad to see her
like that. She’s a bully little kid.”

  Miriam regarded him sharply, suspicion
in her darkened face. So they stood for a
long breath, each searching the other: he
with curiosity as to the cause of her shat-
tered calm; she with rising evidence that
she believed he was shrewdly playing with
her. Her figure quivered and her breast
heaved as she steadied herself, and in a
voice of deadly earnestness she flared:

  “ Bully little kid! Idiot! She is a wo-
man—a pulsing, passionate woman—fruit
ripened overnight from a wild blossom!
Kid—”

  Gurney was grinning at her now. In his
impudent face was all his own wilful dis-
regard of Barbara’s claim to maturity, re-
enforced by irrepressible amusement at the
woman’s anger. His grin brought swift re-
sponse, and the situation tensed. She
glared at him more fiercely and raved:

  “ You sneering dog! And blind that I
have been. So there lies the reason for
your slighting of my proffered favor! That
wild island girl—kid you name her, with
lying lips while your false heart knows her
a woman—she is your flame, your—” Jim’s
face hardened, and danger flashed from his
gray eyes. She ignored the signals and
raved on: “ She is your woman, eh?

  “ Then hear me, beachcomber: Again I
tell you this island shall not hold us both.
Leave while you are able; for from this
moment it is war between us—war that can
only end when, with death at your heart,
that insolent sneer dies on your face!”

  Her tone snatched Gurney back to cool
poise, and now that threats were in order,
he felt his old-time elation at battle-pros-
pects. He dismissed the fury that had
seized him when Barbara’s name was being

hurled at him in insult, and joyfully took
up the gauntlet flung down before him.

  “ Madam flatters me,” he mocked, and
bowed theatrical 1}'. “ On with the war,
lady; let death be-unconfined. Just to put
in an oar on my own account, I will simply
say that all your crew of husky toughs,
assisted by their adorable mistress, can’t
scare me one little bit. Let ’em all come!
The more the jollier! They’re a bunch of
amusing fakes as pirates—”

  “ Insolent fool! I will gladly shoot you
with my own hand the first sight I get of
you after this night! ” she cried. She turned
to the door and flung back at him: “ That
is the last word. I go to give orders that
you are to be shot on sight! ”

  “ Go to it, sweet Miriam!” he taunted.
“ You must be thick if you don’t know by
this time that Jim Gurney is proof against
all you can do. No joking, lady, it can't
be done. I carry a charm that turns bullets
into plumbago.”

  His smile maddened her beyond limit.
She snatched her pistol from her bosom, and
the cold, round muzzle was presented
straight at Jim’s head.

  “ Then let me see your charm work! ”

  She pressed the trigger slowly until the
hammer rose a fraction of an inch, and her
blazing eyes seemed to shoot forth red-gold
fires. The taunting smile never left his
face, and his clear, keen eyes met the fires
in her own with glint of steel. She let the
hammer down again and repeated the
action, like a beautiful demon of exquisite
suspense.

  “ Go ahead—shoot!” he smiled.

  “ Stubborn fool! Must I destroy another
crab before you believe my bullets fly true?
See, I press the trigger a little more, then
what of your charm?”

  If she sought to uncover the raw nerves
of him, she revealed inhuman skill in her
methods. But now she faced a man, such
as had never crossed her path hitherto; a
man in whom Nature had planted unfertile
seeds of fear that had never fructified.
Gurney had faced out many a bluff before
—bluffs perhaps not as perilous as this, but
still bluffs—and he had acquired a clever
gambler’s instinct for detecting them. He
watched the slow, governed rise and fall of
THE CLEAN-UP.

307

her pistol-hammer curiously, and refused to
throw down his cards.

  “ Why don’t you shoot?” he asked coolly.
“ Try the power of my charm. I’m sure
you’d be highly interested.”

  Their eyes held each other while per-
haps three tinkling waves splashed like tiny
silver bells on the dark beach outside; then
the woman lowered her weapon, a tumult-
uous sigh that was almost a sob burst from
her breast, and her face softened. For an
instant she seemed to grow old, and the fire
of her gaze was quenched in a mist of
yearning. Then her self-possession returned,
her scarlet lips curved full and smiling, and
she offered her hand.

  “ We should not be foes, Jim,” she whis-
pered. “ Such a man is not fit food for
sniping bullets. Let us declare a truce a
while. Think over my request. You are
my man—my man by every law of nature.
And I need you, Jim; doubly now I need
you. Think over this in the solitude of
your couch, and when you seek me to tell
me you have decided, you will find my
mountain paths open to you.”

  She left him impetuously, as if not daring
to remain longer in his presence, and his
reply was called after her dim vanishing
form as she entered the bush.

  “You declared war, you proclaimed the
truce. Neither is of my suggestion, so don’t
bank on what I shall do. I’m a free-lance
in all things!” He called his message out
with laughter in his voice. She gave no
sign that she heard, and he filled and lighted
his pipe, chuckling with glee at his victory.

  The encounter left him far too wakeful
for sleep. The moment he succeeded in dis-
missing Miriam Jobert temporarily from his
mind, the vision of Barbara flashed back to
him, and his chuckling mood was chastened.
He pondered over various reasons which
might have induced the girl to visit him at
that late hour, but none satisfied him. In
their intercourse since his arrival, he and
the girl had not felt the need of respecting
conventions, and Goff himself had been the
first to assure him that such things were
idiotic burdens to ultracivilized life and not
at all called for on Tarani.

  Their comradeship had been free and
frank; he had gladly made a chum of the

girl who showed astounding capacity in
every sort of outdoor pursuit, and who
treated him as she might have treated a
big brother who had grown up with her.
Reciprocating, he treated her much like a
sister, a tomboyish sister, perhaps, he
thought, but the sort who appealed to him
by reason of her very tomboyish unaffected-
ness. Only since she had discovered the
desirability of personal adornment had she
changed, and that he put down to a natural
vanity that perhaps had been awakened by
the ’chance discovery of some long-hidden
store of feminine fripperies.

  He remembered that when occasion de-
manded she had no scruples in casting
aside her finery and resuming the much
more suitable attire in which he had first
seen her. Now, while he vividly recalled
her standing in his doorway, disheveled
and panting, anger blazing in her pretty
face, he blindly refused to see what Miriam
Jobert had seen in a flash.

  Miriam Jobert’s mature loveliness was
self-evident. Such women had often come
into Gurney’s lurid life, and it required no
very keen perception for such a man to ap-
praise such a woman—least of all, to weigh
up and number her physical attractions as
they appealed to his own physical self. But
such women as Barbara Goff were not likely
to be found in the coverts he had hunted in,
and he failed utterly to recognize in the
sweet, wholesome product of God’s out-
doors, backed by the subtle influence of
inherited culture, a budding woman of
physical charm outmatching in its subtlety
the flamboyant attractions of the older wo-
man, and a sweet desirability as widely dif-
ferent from the seductiveness of Miriam as
a nectarine differs from an apple of Sodom.

  “ Poor child, she must have come to show
me some new ribbon or something,” was the
decision he arrived at, and he felt sorry in
the same way as he would feel sorry had
he broken an infant’s doll.

  His pipe was smoked out, and he filled
it again, undecided whether to walk along
shore to Goff’s place or not. He wanted to
make his peace with Barbara, for he be-
lieved the girl must have gone to bed in
tears. He tried to detect a light in the
trader’s house which would give him an
308

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

excuse for paying such a belated call; but
the house was dark and still, he stopped
irresolutely, persuaded that it might do as
well in the morning. And while convincing
himself that this course was best, he heard
the crunching of sand down by the rocks,
and in a few minutes he received his third
visitor of that busy evening.

  “ Oh, hello, Goff, I was just deciding
whether to come down to your place or
not!” he cried in welcome when the trader
stepped out of the darkness into the circle
of lamplight. “ This has been a busy night.
Anything the matter?”

  Goff wore a look of perplexity strange to
him. His habitual expression of bored in-
difference was still visible, but as a face
seen through a transparent mask—the new
expression partially covered without obscur-
ing it. He leaned against a veranda post
and looked steadily at Gurney for some
time without speaking, merely acknowledg-
ing the greeting with a curt nod. He held
under his arm a book, but seemed to be
unaware of the fact; his shoes and the but-
tom of his trouser-legs were soaked with
water, and a trickle of salt had dried on one
cheek.

  Altogether Gurney sensed that nothing
less than a tremendous crisis in his affairs
could have happened to shake the trader
out of his detached placidity. He waited
patiently for Goff to speak, pushing forward
a stool and placing tobacco and knife handy
for his guest. When at length the trader
opened his lips he touched on the very
subject that had given Gurney cause for
reflection a moment before.

  “ I think there is nothing the matter
worth while making a fuss over,” he said.
“ But perhaps I may want to leave Tarani
for a while. Something seems to be giving
my girl considerable fits, Gurney, and I’m
afraid it’s the everlasting solitude here. I
had lost all sense of solitude myself, and
forgot that a child does not see things
through adult eyes.”

  “Fits!” gasped Gurney, taking the
trader’s vernacular literally.

  “Oh, not convulsions!” Goff replied ir-
ritably. “ That’s a figure of speech, per-
haps. I mean she’s cutting up capers lately
and acting like a peevish child. I can’t im-

agine what’s the cause of it, unless, as I
have said, the solitude is beginning to over-
balance the fun she had contrived to get
out of the sea and the open.”

  “ I thought she seemed peevish,” re-
marked Gurney wisely. “ She was here to-
night, just for a moment, but she didn’t
speak a word, and cut back home like a
scared rabbit.”

  “ Yes, that’s why I came here to see you
about it. Thought perhaps she was angry
with you for some childish reason. She ran
up to the house, dived in through the screen,
and in a few seconds I saw this come flying
out, and she was crying out all the angry
little words that serve children for swear-
words.”

  He placed the book on the table, and
Gurney saw that it was saturated with
water; but there was no mistaking the
book: it was Barbara’s treasured volume of
“ The Round Table.”

  “ I got the book out of the sea,” con-
tinued Goff. “ Can’t permit things like
books to go adrift in a place like this, you
know. Far too scarce. But while I was
wading into the sea to rescue Arthur’s
‘ Knights,’ Barbara flew past me along the
beach, and put to sea in her canoe.

  “ No doubt she tired of such tales, after
years of them. Too much quail is a poor
diet. I really think I must take her away
for a trip and let her see things. She will
come back freshened by the change, and
glad to return to the very solitude that is
irritating her now.”

  “ It might be a good notion,” agreed
Jim, feeling sorrowful at the prospect of
losing his chum, but thinking that perhaps
the child did need the change.

  “ I’m glad you agree. You see, I’m the
only regular white resident here, and as
such I am in much the same position with
the authorities as an official resident, though
the parallel is a joke, and nobody ever
bothers me as such. But as trader I have
certain duties, and there is my stock to
keep replenished when the yearly ship
comes. That will be here in a few months
now, so I want to ask you how you feel
about assuming charge of my place while
we are away.”

  Goff appeared doubtful as he put the
THE CLEAN-UP.

309

suggestion, as if fearing he asked too much
of a casual friend. But Gurney saw only
a fine opportunity to do a good turn for his
girl-chum in making it easy for her father
to take her away, and he replied with a
cheery grin:

  •	“ Glad to, Goff. Anything- on earth I
can do is at your call. I owe you more
than that for your favors to me.”

  “ Not at all, not at all,” dissented the
trader hastily. “ I have done nothing for
you that calls for any return. But I am
obliged to you for your ready offer. Come
along to-morrow morning, and we will all
talk the matter over. I’ll keep Barbara at
home until you come. By the way, come
for breakfast, then she will surely be home.
Thanks, ever so much. Good night!”

  The trader left as suddenly as he had
come, and Gurney watched him until he
was out of sight. Then he scanned the
vague, dusky sea for sign of the canoe; but
Barbara had sought the open bosom of old
ocean with her troubles, and her tiny sail
was not visible. He filled another pipe with
shredded plug, less than ever disposed to
sleep, and while he puffed his eyes fell upon
the water-soaked book on his table, forgot-
ten, apparently, by Goff.

  He picked it up with a whimsical smile,
idly opening the damp pages and carefully
freeing some that were adhering. The crude
wood-cuts forced a chuckle from him, but
his chief thought was that here was a
treasure belonging to his friend, a treasure
flung out, certainly, in a fit of pique, but a
treasure, nevertheless, and as such not to be
lightly disposed of.

   “ I’ll dry it out and keep it for her,” he
thought, and cut a stick to run along the
back binding so that the volume might be
hung up in the sunlight in the morning.
But still his thoughts persisted in following
Barbara, in a train which did nothing to
help solve the problem of her sudden
vagaries.

  “ Sure she got tired of this junk! A
steady diet of lords and ladies and hali-
doms ain’t very nourishing for a growing
girl. Father ought to get her some real
girl’s books like ‘ Aunt Jane’s Hero,’ or
‘ Poor Prim, The Crippled Canary.’ I’ll
give him a hint when I see him.”

   So thinking, he decided to woo sleep, and,
before getting into his hammock, took a
last look around. From point to point
his vision searched the sea; then from point
to* point along shore taking in mountain
and forest, salt brush and highland crag;
and his gaze lingered longer than elsewhere
upon the heights which sheltered Miriam
Jobert.

CHAPTER XIX.

INTO THE MOUNTAINS.

“'f y THAT d’ye think of a girl like
yy that?” complainingly demanded
Goff at breakfast next morning.
Gurney sat opposite Barbara, puzzled at
her expression. He had answered the trad-
er’s invitation to breakfast in a state of
trepidation, for he knew that, in her father’s
presence, he could scarcely ridicule the girl
out of a petulant mood by his usual
methods.

  Goff took things far too seriously for
that. Perhaps he did not make a really
heavy burden of life; but his sense of
humor was buried under many layers of
toughened epidermis, and his remark of the
night before about taking Barbara away
proved his inability to dismiss the girl’s
sudden change in behavior lightly. Now his
demand for an opinion caught Gurney at a
moment when he was himself puzzled out
of all belief.

  Barbara had a moment before retorted
to her father’s suggestion of a trip to civ-
ilization by furiously declining to quit the
island under any circumstances whatever.
Until the instant of her hot refusal she had
behaved toward Gurney with very precise,
obviously studied politeness; her eyes met
his coldly, almost disdainfully, and her
pretty face was colorless, except for shad-
owy rings of dusky trouble about her eyes.
She spoke to him, when she had to, in level,
painfully proper tones; his first bantering
attempt to rouse her had been met by such
magnificent superiority of aspect that even
Jim Gurney was silenced.

  But now, with her father’s demand yet
audible, flames leaped from her eyes, and
the rich blood mantled her face and throat;
310

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

she sprang from the table panting, and fled
to her tiny sanctuary on the veranda. Gur-
ney and the trader stared after her, then at
each other, and Gurney felt compelled to
give an answer.

  “ She beats me, sir,” he said. “ I thought
she would jump at the chance to go away
for a while. Perhaps this is only another
phase of the trouble, if trouble there is, and
when she has had a chance to think it over
quietly she may gladly consent to go. You
may count on me, if you want me to look
after -things. Let me know. I’m going to
take a ramble over the island to-day, and
may be gone a couple of days. But I guess
you can always find me, hey?”

  “ Oh, if I wanted to send a native after
you no doubt I could bribe one to visit that
mountain by giving him my house and
store, and giving him a mortgage on my
immortal soul, Gurney. But I don’t think
I’ll do that. I’ll wait until you come back.
By the way ”—there was no alteration in
the cool, indifferent tone—“ my girl told
me you had a narrow squeak a little while
back. Those people up there are best left
alone, old chap. You can find good sport
in far less smelly places than among those
crags.”

  “ Thanks, I’ll look out,” grinned Jim.
“ I never let a man roll me over without
getting even with him, though. When those
brigands took so much trouble over me,
they stirred up my inquisitiveness more than
they imagined. I want to see why now.
Have you got a spare gun? I lost mine on
the cliff.”

  “ There is a box of pistols somewhere in
the store, and some ammunition, too. Take
what you fancy, but take my advice, too;
don’t meddle with those chaps. It’s bad
enough to have them near, without stirring
them up.”

  There was a faint sound at Barbara’s
screen, and the quick ear of Gurney de-
tected distress in it. He sought the tra-
der’s eyes, but that bored man was already
moving toward the storeroom, apparently
oblivious to the sound. Jim’s impulsive
heart went out to the troubled girl, yet
he could not understand her malady, and
therefore hesitated to apply a remedy.

  He wanted to talk to her, to perhaps

snatch her up and make her chase him
through the surf; but her breakfast-time
mood frightened him, and he could not at-
tempt it. He thought, however, of a means
whereby he could tel! her he was not in-
different to her troubles, and as he stepped
after Goff he called out aloud:

  “ Have you got a lantern, too? I’d like
to carry one along with me, if you’ve got
one of those small hurricane lamps. Then
you need not worry about me. I’ll flash
you the all’s well at dark every night,
from some point on the crest—if I am kept
away more than a day or so.”

  The suggestion was for Barbara’s benefit,
and, though, Jim Gurney knew nothing of
it then his thoughtfulness brought rich re-
sults. The girl drew away from the screen,
her agitation gone, and sat down on her
couch muttering intensely:

  “ 1 care nothing for you and your lamp,
red-headed clod! I care nothing—noth-
ing!” But the words were given the lie
by the glow of her darkened, softened eyes.
Even her father, impression-proof though
he was, might have suspected her reason for
refusing to leave Tarani had he seen her
face in that moment.

  But neither he nor Gurney saw it, and,
manlike, the moment the trader’s store was
opened before them they forgot the girl and
her little childish troubles. Gurney rum-
maged through the cases for what he
needed, and the trader stood idly by as if
permitting a man to go through his stock
on trust was his sole aim in life. Not once
since his arrival had Gurney been refused
anything the store afforded, yet he had told
Goff that there was small likelihood of his
ever being able to pay.

  But it seemed to make no difference, and
now, with a very useful revolver in his
hand and a case of cartridges open at his
feet, the wonder of it struck him afresh.
He had wondered before, but had been
satisfied with the trader’s explanation that
he might more than pay for the stores he
took by services rendered reciprocally.

  “ There’s your lantern, too,” Goff
drawled, pointing to a hook. “ I think it’s
filled with kerosene. That size will burn for
about six hours on end. Anything else
you want?”
THE CLEAN-UP.

311

  “ Yes,” replied Gurney, lifting down the
lantern. “ I want to ask you something.
I’m scooping things out of your store, and
you’re getting nothing for it. If you’re
keeping tally it’s all right—I shall surely
settle some day. But there’s not a chance
that I can see of you getting anything
back for your'goods while I remain here.
You’re not forgetting that, are you?”

  “ My dear chap, don’t talk bally rot,”
protested Goff lazily. “ I never saw such a
fellow for hunting trouble. Surely I may
do as I will with my own? I shall be re-
paid satisfactorily, 1 have no doubt. Why
don’t you leave it for the merchant to com-
plain? Never in my life have I known a
customer kick because he wasn’t dunned.”
Jim took his purchases home in thought-
ful mood. Every turn he made lately he
seemed to encounter white men who per-
sisted in seeing something desirable in him.
He frankly could not understand it, but
the fact started a warm spot glowing at
his breast. He more than ever determined
to justify his strangely acquired friends’
estimate of his worth by making such a
thorough job of his clean-up that even the
germs of dirt should be destroyed utterly.

  Before leaving his shack on his journey
he conned over in his mind those written
instructions he had committed to memory
before destroying them, and the truth im-
pressed him that he had been on Tarani for
weeks now and had really accomplished
nothing. He had not even found the actual
community he came to rout out, although
its denizens had forced themselves harshly
upon his notice. And apart from a brief
sjght of a single vessel leaving the secluded
harbor he had seen nothing to give him a
hint of the activities that had aroused the
attention of powerful interests.

  The more he considered it, the sterner
his resolve became to cut out all subterfuge
and go direct to his object. Miriam Jobert’s
announcement that he should be unmolested
he dismissed with a shrug, and started off
up the track muttering:

  “ That’s up to her. I have given her
no promise to consider her proposition. She
can do as she likes. It’s the business, and
business only for mine.”

  There was a freshness in the air that ren-

  dered the high sun pleasant, yet it carried
a dampness, too, and the trees and whisper-
ing surf gave forth a note like the sighing
that precedes a change of weather. Once
within the dark jungle the coolness was
routed by the hot mugginess of steaming
verdure, and a hundred yards of upland
toiling through it persuaded Jim that easier
going might be found in the open.

  He struck off to the westward, toward the
point where he understood the native set-
tlement lay. He had not yet visited that
region, and knew nothing of the layout of
the land; but as he proceeded he found
while no plain path existed, the bush was
less dense and the slope less steep.

  The spur of the central cone of the island
dwindled away to a gentle declivity on
which the trees took on a different aspect,
changing from mountain timber to longer-
stemmed, more unbrageous subtropical
growths; and he came across a little singing
stream that swirled merrily downward
toward the sea beyond the island’s further
point.

  Here he flung himself down and un-
packed his lunch, thrilled with the contrast-
ing vista of wild grandeur speared by the
silver shaft of the pretty brook. His back
rested against a mossy old boulder, his feet
overhung the stream, above him crooned the
wind in the cheeping fronds of a palmetto,
and his appetite was a thing of joy in tune
with his surroundings.

  Into his hungry solitude crashed swift
alarms, and his teeth remained parted in the
act of crunching into a biscuit. The rock
behind him clanged sharply, something
brushed his shoulder, and a short, iron-tipped
arrow fell across his legs. He remained
still, not even moving his hands down, but
eyes and ears were busy. His eyes failed
to discover, but his ears detected a very
faint rustle of brush different from the rustle
of the breeze, and it came across the stream.

Action replaced outward indifference.
With a bound he gathered his feet under
him, took a flying leap, and landed on the
other side of the water; plunged into the
thicket and caught a whisk of brown dart-
ing deeper into cover. In a dozen long
strides he overtook his quarry, and gathered
to his bosom as he flung himself forward
312

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

a palpitating little brown man whose eyes
blinked up into his with animal-like sub-
mission and fear.

  “ Here, what fashion?” he demanded,
turning the man over and shaking him
savagely. “ What for you skewer me,
hey?”

  The native lay still except for his trem-
bling, and made no answer. Gurney peered
hard into the man’s face, seeking for a mo-
tive for murder other than savagery. In
that small brown visage lurked no such
bloodthirstiness as should urge to murder;
it was rather the face of a martyr in the
presence of unmerited death, willing to
suffer.

  “ You poor little devil,” breathed Jim,
leaning back and regarding the man less
ferociously. “ I’ll bet you didn’t take a
shot at me for nothing. What’s the fuss,
hey?”

  There was no answer. The man lay
dumb, waiting for his punishment; and
Gurney rapidly decided what to do with
him. Picking him up bodily he carried him
back to the big rock, and set him down
beside his interrupted lunch. The fear in
the little man’s eyes intensified, then grew
into stark wonder when his captor put bis-
cuit and meat into his hands.

  Like a wild beast newly taken, he refused
to eat, but his appearance belied the ab-
sence of hunger. Gumey went on with his
own meal, appearing not to notice his pris-
oner, but all the time he plied him with
questions between bites, seeking to draw the
reason for the attack. He tried every tack
fruitlessly until a chance remark of his
brought open doubt and faltering belief
into the brown eyes.

  “ Johnny, 1 think maybe you think me
one man all same bad fellow up topside,
hey? That is wrong. I look for catch those
men. You tell me.”

  Perhaps the failure of reprisal acted as
potently as his words; whatever the agent,
the brown man gradually lost most of his
fear, he ceased to quiver, and once he raised
the food almost to his mouth. And every
second his soft brown eyes were fastened
in fascination on the white man.

  Gurney persevered in his method, appar-
ently leaving the man unwatched, talking

  soothingly the while, eating his lunch with-
out interruption; and presently he noticed
the native eating ravenously, and waited
then the few minutes he believed would
bring a reply to his questions.

  “ You no lie?” whispered the little brown
man at length.

  11	No lie, sonny. 1 look for catch those
bad fellows. Now tell me why you shot
at me. I won’t hurt you.”

  “ I think you one of those men. I wait
many days to find one alone.”

  “ I thought so,” nodded Jim, and he
bent an irresistible grin of reassurance upon
his captive. “ Well, you’re my friend, if
that’s so. Now tell me why you want to
shoot those fellows. Maybe I help you
some time.”

  “ They very bad, very bad.” The na-
tive shook his head from side to side dole-
fully, but there lurked a hard gleam in his
brown eyes. “ All time they steal our men,
take them away far, far in boats, and make
dive deep for pearl. Plenty shark; not
many men come back.

  “ And all time they steal our women.
Take them up to mountain, and beat them,
and fetch more. Only old, old women left
in our village now, and young womans too
much frightened for wifes. They steal our
food, and break up our canoes, and beat us
with sticks—see!”

  The man sprang up, flashed around, and
showed Gurney a back scored and corru-
gated from neck to thighs with livid welts.

CHAPTER XX.

THE REVEL.	*

WHEN Jim resumed his journey he
was hard put to keep in sight
of the flitting brown figure that
sped before him, showing him a hidden
and hazardous goat trail over a shoulder of
the mountain, which seemed to have been
devastated by eruption long ago. There
was no vegetation there, no moisture, no
moss; but that very fact made for security,
for neither were there any signs of human
traffic, nor any visible inducement for such
to intrude there.

And ever before his eyes was the cruelly
THE CLEAN-UP.

313

scored back and loins of the brown man,
fuel to the flame of his anger at the brutes
who called Miriam Jobert mistress. He
could only thank his lucky star that per-
haps the native’s very thirst for vengeance,
which had induced that sly shot at him, had
of itself rendered his aim shaky and inaccu-
rate; he could not find it in his heart to
blame the man for trying, even though he
himself had come near paying another’s
debt.

  He soon found himself puffing painfully
from the pace set, and watched longingly
for the turn in the trail that should reveal
his journey’s end. All around him lay arid
volcanic debris, so old that its character was
almost lost in the excoriations maae by per-
haps centuries of elemental erosion.

  The high sun blazed down upon heat-
absorbing pumice and heat-reflecting rock,
rendering the going like traveling through a
crematorium; underfoot and overheard a..d
all about him intense heat waves scorched
his perspiring body; the imperceptible dust
made its presence felt at his chest after a
mile of scuffling travel.

  Still the little brown man ahead showed
no fatigue, no discomfort, flitting from point
to point like a chamois. Gurney began to
cast longing glances backward where the
hazy blue of the sea looked so cool and
refreshing to his seared vision. He was on
the point of calling a halt for rest.

  Then, in a moment, the outlook changed.
His guide suddenly stood out in sharp sil-
houette against the sky, waved back eagerly,
and vanished in a little puff of dust. Jim
ran forward, expectant of disaster, and
caught his breath sharply at the vivid con-
trast in the scene. Rising to the crest, pre-
pared to look down upon a wall cliff and
perhaps a crushed brown body far below,
he found the native squatting comfortably
on a small green ledge of grass, almost en-
tirely concealed by a clump of bushes that
blazed with floral color like a rich jewel
in a heap of dross.

  ‘‘By Hickey, you’ve got a fine nose!”
he cried, jumping down beside his guide.
The native laid a finger to his lips and
clucked warningly, pulling some branches
aside in front of him and pointing through.
Gurney leaned forward and peered out of

the leafy window, and slowly his old-time
grin stole over his hot face, and stayed
there.

  “It’s the box-seat of the show!” he
chuckled, and softly patted the brown
shoulder beside him.

  Here was a new outlook indeed, and one
which could hardly be improved on. Where
he crouched, the mountain top seemed to
be carved in the shape of a great armchair,
upholstered with mossy velvet and short,
green grasses; at his back the volcanic rock
stood, black as time-weathered oak; in
front the ledge, the seat of the chair, rolled
over in a gentle curve, to continue down
a hundred feet through more stunted moun-
tain timber.

  But farther down, twinkling like a silver
shield in the sun-rays, lay the panorama of
the harbor which he had such excellent rea-
son to remember. From his height the ex-
panse of sheltered sea was sharply defined
in every detail of forbidding entrance and
treacherous submerged reef; the S-shaped
barrier that made the place inaccessible to
strangers could be traced as clearly as if
drawn in dark paint on silver paper, and
a small schooner at that moment threading
the passage gave an object lesson too use-
ful to be ignored in solving intricacies.

  Studying the schooner’s course with every
faculty alert, Gurney forgot everything else
for the moment. He noticed nothing save
that one small ship until she let go her an-
chor, snugly embayed under the cliff, in
deep water easily estimated by the amount
of chain paid out. Then, raising his eyes,
another vessel hove in sight, another, and
another, all stout sloops, and in line they
sailed the serpentine channel to come to
anchor with the schooner.

  “ Her ladyship’s fleet!” Jim grinned, and
now had leisure to examine further.

  Nestling in a lovely recess in the great
cliffside, surrounded by gorgeous foliage,
shaded by both trees and rock, carpeted
by vivid green as level as a built floor, lay
a cluster of huts, and it was not difficult
for Gurney to realize that from almost any
view-point except his lucky one the settle-
ment was entirely concealed.

  Behind the foremost habitations, sur-
rounded by palms and colorful bushes,
314

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

stood a more imposing structure, and its
immediate surroundings gave evidence of
scrupulous and industrious attention at hu-
man hands. Sand of dazzling whiteness lay
flat and evenly traced in paths that wound
prettily through the vivid green of the
grass; in circles and crescents, masses of
flowers splashed the green and silver with
color; their scent came even up to the
mountain crest in faint, sensuous incense.

  Jim was aware that the native’s face had
come close to his own, and he smiled up
into two brown eyes full of inquiry. The
unspoken question undoubtedly was re-
garding his next move, and there was also
a trace of reviving suspicion. The native’s
cruel experiences at the hands of those peo-
ple down there were much too fresh in his
mind to permit so sudden an acceptance of
Gurney’s real status; and now that the end
was attained, and the white man’s animated
face indicated his intense satisfaction, the
little brown man harbored doubts if, after
all, he had not served the enemy. Jim
hastened to reassure him.

 “ What’s your name, Johnny?” he
smiled, pressing the man’s arm softly.

  “ Mgwai,” was the response, “ those
mans call me Useless when I dive for
pearl.”

  “ H-m—a poor choice—but suppose 1
call you Useful, hey? It suits you better
than their name, and I’ll make a bad mess
of it if I try to say your real tally. All
right, then, Useful it is.

  “ Well, Useful, you’re a good scout, and
I’m going to show you very soon that those
bad fellows down there won’t bother your
people much longer. You’re my good
friend, Useful, and I want you to do as I
tell you. Now you run along home, and
tell your folks to keep away from here for
a while. You can come back if you want
to, and maybe I can use you. If you come
to this place, keep out of sight, and I shall
come up to find you. How’s that?”

  While he was speaking Jim opened his
pack and laid out food again, for the hours
had sped since lunch. He shared his din-
ner with Useful, then considered a while,
and wrapped up the remainder and handed
it to the native, saying:

  “ Take it along with you. I’ll get plenty

more, and if you come up to-morrow I’ll
give you enough to take home to your
family.”

  Useful took the food with wolfish eyes,
and the last trace of doubt vanished from
his face.

  “ I come back when die sun go in the
water,” he said, and turned and vanished
over the crest like a streak.

  Jim’s reckless disposal of his food supply
was not quite the piece of foolhardiness it
seemed, for he had come to a definite de-
cision while gazing down at the stronghold
of the magnificent Miriam. The moment
those vessels swung back on their ground-
tackle, securely moored, boats had left their
weathered sides, and their jubilant shouts
left small room for doubt that the fore-
gathering was to be properly celebrated.

  Now that Useful had gone, Jim took
closer notice of the intervening ground be-
tween himself and the settlement, and
waited longer in the expectation of seeing
the woman appear. But Miriam either was
taking an afternoon nap, threatened by the
arriving disturbance, or away from home,
and his binoculars failed to tell him which.
His judgment, however, persuaded him to
the latter belief, since he could not visualize
such a woman calmly suffering her repose
to be broken by the uncouth noises rising
from her shaggy rascals.

  He closely inspected every yard of the
visible cliff to find the answer to his ques-
tion, but no woman came into the field of
his glasses; and at length, with the sun yet
two hours high, he stretched himself luxu-
riously on the moss and watched die doings
of the landing sailors beneath him.

  There were roaring greetings, and bois-
terous hailing of cronies in other vessels, in-
dicating that all these men seldom met to-
gether. Little knots gathered on the beach,
and from time to time Gurney caught sight
of (fitting brown figures frantically busy
among the huts, as if in deadly fear of the
sailors. They were undoubtedly the women
whom Useful spoke of as being forced to
serve the sea-jackals. But in the first flush
of their landing the vessels’ crews were full
of raucous jollity that had not yet turned
to drunken cruelty, and more than once a
shivering little brown woman was snatched
THE CLEAN-UP.

315

from her feet into the arms of a burly ruf-
fian and fiercely kissed.

  Presently a movement among the gangs
resolved itself into semblance of order, and
all hands trooped a little way along the
beach to a hut from which the walls had
been removed, and in which were set tables
laden with food and liquor. The feast van-
ished so swiftly before the onslaught of rav-
enous teeth that the uproar of voices scarce-
ly paused before it was renewed and re-
doubled in the pleasanter bout with the
plentiful bottles.

  Tables were soon littered with food
scraps and empties; the scraps were flung
roughly to the serving native girls, the emp-
ties as often as not were flung at them.
And uproarious mirth took on a deeper note
as the orgy proceeded, and the light began
to fade into sunset, and still the bottles
went the rounds.

  Gurney watched the scene with reminis-
sent eyes, for many were the similar bouts
in which he had engaged. Memory- stirred
more keenly when a hulking great negro
sprang up, overturning the table as he rose,
and continued on his course until every
table in the place was sent crashing out.
Then a deep bellowing voice boomed out,
calling for a dance, and the demand came
up to Gurney, mellowed by the distance
into a tuneful roar.

  Jim now sought once more for traces of
the woman, but saw none. He shrewdly
surmised that were she down below there
would be less unruly behavior among her
men; yet there was no sign of human being
on the face of the cliff, and he commanded
a view of wide scope. He saw the crews
hang lanterns to the rafters of the hut and
heard preliminary protests of a murdered
fiddle, and the bright yellowness of the lan-
tern lights warned him that sunlight was
done for the day. It reminded him of ^Use-
ful, and he waited to see if the native came
back, for he had resolved to pay a visit to
that dance, and preferred not to risk having
Useful lose control over his nerves and take
pot shots at his foes in the dark.

  True to his promise, the little brown man
appeared like a shadow at Jim’s elbow a
few moments after the blood-red sun had
dipped in another hemisphere’s rosy dawn.

And the soft brown eyes hardened sharply
at the sounds and sights below; sights were
limited to black shapes passing across yel-
low shafts of lamplight; but sounds were
more generous in their revelations; hoarse
laughter and gruff oaths mingled with
sharp, frightened little cries of women, and
at times a shriek was smothered before it
was fully born. The native was in a frenzy
of uneasiness, and Jim hurried to get him
away.

  “ Here, Useful, I have a job for you,”
he smiled, and unpacked his hurricane lan-
tern. “ I have good friends other side, and
they look for my lamp at this time. See?
You take him to the mountain top where
you can see trader’s house, savvee? Sit
down there one hour, two hours, and make
flash all same this.”

  He lit the lantern, and showed the na-
tive how to work the slide to make a suc-
cession of flashes.. The novelty impressed
Useful, and he departed willingly, the more
so when Jim told him he was going down
to stop those women’s cries.

  “You come back here and wait for me,
hey?” concluded Jim. - “ Sit tight here, and
I’ll come back to you. And don’t try
shooting arrows down there, son, or else I
won’t be your friend any more—see?”

  Useful disappeared into the darkness,
and Gurney waited until he was sure the
man had gone; then, with a cheerful tune
whistling through his teeth, he crawled
over the ledge and walked, clawed, and
slithered down the slope toward the settle-
ment.

  Making no effort at concealment, he
reached the more accessible paths in a
shower of falling rock fragments; but the
racket in the dance-room was now too
strong to permit a few stones falling to
make an impression on it, and he proceed-
ed whistling on his way until he passed
into the glare of the lights. There were no
stragglers about the place; every man ca-
pable of shaking a leg was shaking two to
the racking screech of a tortured fiddle in
the paws of a drunken fiddler. On board
the anchored vessels no lights were shown;
even the after decks were black, unshot by
a single gleam of companionway radiance
or skylight glow.
316

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Gurney did not stop to hitch his belt,
button his jacket, pat his pistols, or do any
of the other queer tricks that fiction heroes
are supposed to perform before walking into
a crisis; he walked straight ahead exactly
like Jim Gurney would, sauntered into the
glaring entrance to the dance-hall, and
stood against the post, still whistling, his
eyes twinkling, and his freckled face pre-
senting a care-free grin to the crowd.

  The lurching fiddler spotted him first,
and the music stopped as if suddenly cut
off. Over the chinned fiddle a ragged,
loose mouth hung open; above it two bleary
eyes stuck out like knobs

CHAPTER XXL

DANGEROUS PARTNERS.

THE cessation of the music went un-
noticed for perhaps a brace of breaths,
simply because the dancers, in the
heat of their ardor, hung amorously over
their small partners, breathing whisky
fumes and lurid love into frightened ears.
The trembling native women, for the great-
er part swung off their feet in the rough
embraces of their clumsy gallants, saw
nothing except the hated bodies to which
they were clutched. Only when the fiddler’s
expression was accentuated by a curse did
a man look up; and in a second the place
was blanketed in silence, to change as
swiftly into uproar.

  Gurney looked on in keen amusement.
Fearing no man, he regarded the enti'-
scene critically, mentally comparing it witn
others in which he had played a part. He
recognized his old acquaintance Joe, and
looked for the others whom he had met;
and everywhere he looked he saw ferocity
glaring at him. A muttering'growl, hoarse
and menacing, filled the room, and the
dancing partners separated, the women
scurrying to the corners in affright as they
were flung aside.

  J im grinned cheerfully back at the lower-
ing crowd, and maintained his position
against the door-post. He caught growling
sentences, queries, and retorts in half-
doubtful undertones, and the men’s regard
seemed to be divided between himself and

some point out of his immediate vicinity.
Soon came louder voices, and a fiercer note
crept into them.

  “ She’ll give us scorching hell,” grumbled
one; and another snarled back: “ Let her
scorch! She’s up top. Won’t be down for
an hour yet.” The debate was ended when
another.tough specimen added: “She’ll stay•
on the lookout as long’s that steamer keeps
her lights in sight, anyway, and it takes a
long-time to sink a light from the top o’
this cone. Dump th’ red-headed bobcat
over the rocks! ”

  There was little uncertainty about the
rush that followed. The gang came crouch-
ing, with hands crooked like cargo-hooks,
ready to tear the presumptuous intruder
who seemed to be there for the sole pur-
pose of mocking at them for previous fail-
ures. And those failures were communi-
cated, by the parties to them, in curseful
words to the men lately arrived. The. time
elapsing in that rush from the mid-floor to
Gurney’s position was measured in swift
seconds, perhaps the longer on account of
the identity of the leaders. Those were
men who had handled the red-headed one
before, and Joe was careful to be behind
center-rush of the wedge.

  They were maddened by the glinting
gray eyes and care-free grin beneath that
crest of flaming hair, maddened further by
the. absolute indifference to their fury
shown in Gurney’s cool attitude. His back
was against the post, his-iiands behind him,
and thus he stood until the swarm was
within five feet of him. Then he moved,
but the rage-reddened eyes confronting him
failed to detect what he had been quietly
preparing for them.

  Jim’s keen perception had early revealed
to him the structure of the hut; it was sim-
ilar to his own except in size; roof, walls,
flooring, all were removable in sections, and
the walls had already been taken down to
give free air to the dancers. The posts of
corners and doors simply fitted into sockets,
and when he first took his stand against his
particular, timber his hands tested its solid-
ity. Now, as he leaped back, he tore up
the post, a stout piece of timber four square
and seven feet long, and his cheery smile
changed to a contemptuous laugh.
THE CLEAN-UP.

317

  The gang came on, murderous and half-
blind with fury, and the foremost found
himself suddenly sitting back in the midst
of his mates, clutching his breastbone in
gasping agony. He had met Jim’s post,
end on, and had been hurled back like a
ball from a billiard cue.

  “ Come on; spot him again! ” grinned the
red-headed billiardist, and mocked them
with his pointed post.

  His challenge was taken up with a roar,
and he was forced to give ground to find
room for his next shot. Grinning, ever
cheerful, he made two shots with his big
cue in rapid order, and two human billiard
balls caromed off their fellows to fall breath-
less to the floor.

  Up to that moment no weapon had been
flashed, but leaders became scarce after the
second visitation of that awful post, used
in a manner never before imagined by any
of the bestial crowd; the next man who
rushed upon Jim came tugging at his knife.
The post went to meet him, taking him
squarely in the stomach before his knife
could flash. The steel clattered on the
boards, and the man crashed down beside
it. Eyes that had blazed murder at Jim
began to smolder in cowardly fear.

  “ Come on, bullies,” pleaded Gurney,
temptingly lowering the end of his post.
“ Don’t spoil a good scrap by funking.
Here, this is the sport!”

  With the cry he leveled his weapon
again, stamped his foot twice on the floor,
and charged the mob like a flaming streak,
jabbing and thrusting with his unwieldy
spear in approved bayonet fighting fashion.
The crowd tumbled backward in swearing
haste, and he rested in the middle of the
hut, regarding the scene humorously.

  “ Well, well,” he grinned, “ such fine
fellows to be wicked pirates! Your dancing
was rotten; your fiddling was punk; your
deportment toward your partners was aw-
ful. But for really truly stock-yards smelli-
ness, your scrapping ability scoops the pot!

  “ D’ye mean to tell me you’re quitting,
after starting out to dump me over the
rocks? Don’t be so unkind. Here, give a
fellow a run for his white-alley, won’t
you?” and he flung the post clattering to
the floor behind him.

  He was aware that some unseen influ-
ence was at work—unseen, that is, by him.
Unseen, too, no doubt, by the crowd as a
whole; yet some of the men were surely
subject to it, and it was not many seconds
before all were wise. When he cast his
fearsome weapon from him he stood lightly
poised on the balls of his feet, hands loosely
closed beside him, ready to drive in a punch
or to grapple. And he hoped somebody
would take up his gauntlet, for the old
fighting blood in him was bubbling to a
boil, and of the feast he promised himself
he had swallowed only the appetizer.

  But his challenge was accepted in a man-
ner not to his idea of sportsmanship. At
the back of the halting gang a one-eyed
ruffian shoved his ugly face between the
shoulders of two of his mates, and Jim
spotted a gun-barrel dropping to his level
in front of that single red-shot eye. The
cheery grin vanished, anger sat in its place,
and he leaped back and stooped to pick up
his post again to make a punishing on-
slaught upon the treacherous gang.

  As he bent down the place was filled with
the roar of a shot, and of a sudden all other
noises were hushed. Queerly, thought Jim,
the shot was accompanied by no smoke or
flash: but his sharp eyes speedily took in
the picture in its reality. No bullet had
come near him; that he felt s. But the
report had scarcely terminated v'hen the
one-eyed man’s single eye glazed in terror,
his gun fell unfired, and the crowd split
aside from him, leaving him a specimen of
whimpering cowardice, holding a shattered
hand that dripped red.

  On every face sat confusion and fear;
every eye was fixed upon a point behind
Gurney, and he swung around to see for
himself. And his gaze lighted upon the
figure of Miriam Jobert, splendid in her
anger, her beautiful face ablaze, and her
eyes seeking among the crowd as if for an-
other mark for the pistol in her hand.

  Her aspect softened when her eyes met
Gurney’s, and she swept majestically into
the hut while her rascals cowered in the
wings and watched her with faces full of
apprehension.

  Recalling what he knew of her. Gurney
waited for the explosion of imperial wrath
318

■ ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he felt surely must follow, and all of her
unruly crew apparently anticipated nothing
less. Jim’s chief curiosity was as to just
how such a woman ruled such a gang, and
nothing in his experience of women gave
him a hint of the actual truth which was
swiftly to be shown.

  Miriam advanced to the cowering mob,
and after she had smiled reassuring at Gur-
ney, her face was set in an emotionless mask
that gave a shivery impression. The man
she had winged stood sullenly where she
had shot him, the red dripping monotonous-
ly on the boards; his mates herded apart,
very unlike the bold brutes of ten minutes
before. And until she stood within touch
of the one-eyed ruffian Miriam spoke no
word, gave no sigh; but the moment she
could reach him, her slim hand flashed out
and left the imprints of her fingers across
his swarthy face.

  Gurney grinned -gleefully, wondering if
by such methods that crowd could ever be
brought to subjection by a woman. He
was quickly undeceived, and the smile
faded from his face. The woman now
spoke, in a tone so soft, so utterly calm,
that the words seemed a horrid jest.

  “ Take this beast away. Tie him well
with green withes, and leave him on the
ledge at the fx>t of the cliff. Away with
him! ’’

  “ Don' do that, lady; let him fight me
with his hands. I’ll punish him,” protested
Jim, feeling guilty when he heard the same
fate meted out to this man as he himself
had barely escaped.

  “ Peace,” the woman smiled at him, “ he
has earned this, friend Jim, for he would
have disobeyed me and injured you.” She
assumed an air of geniality and stepped
alertly apart from the men, crying: “ Come,
let this be enough! Start up the dance
again! Here, you fiddler, have you lost the
use of your fingers? Play, play!”

  A short conflict took place when four
men seized their luckless comrade and car-
ried him away, but it was silenced and for-
gotten in the renewed whirl of the dance;
for now every sullen face forced a grin of
enjoyment before the mistress, and whether
he felt like it or not, every man fell to ca-
pering madly with his girl, as if striving to

outdo his fellows. Gurney was not kindly
disposed toward the author of the freshly
recent condemnation of a fellow man to
tortured death; but he could not withhold
a meed of admiration for the perfect con-
trol Miriam exercised over these uncivi-
lized brutes.

  He met her gaze upon him, and there
was challenge in her eyes. Moving with
pcrfect grace, she glided toward him, her
feet in rhythm with the screeching music
that had at least the merit of fair tempo;
and as he caught her meaning the old Adam
in him was resurrected, the spell of the fa-
miliar scene seized upon him, and meeting
her challenge with his irresistible grin he
sprang to meet her, and in a breath they
were among the dancers, swaying to the
tune, their bodies touching, their faces very
close.

  At touch of her, Jim sensed a subtle in-
toxication surrounding him that rendered
him oblivious to every other human being
in the crowded hut. Her lips were parted
in a seductive smile, her great eyes glowed
with soft, red-gold fires filmed with dusky
allure. And as she swayed in time with
him, her corsage gave forth a perfume of
sensuous insidiousness; her hair swept his
cheek, the scarlet lips were open by his
neck, breathing warm fragrance upon him
that stole to the roots of his soul.

  Never in a full life had he danced with
such a creature. Snatch back his thoughts
as he would, everything outside the present
moment vanished from his memory; at the
fourth circle of the room his eyes had dark-
ened, and his breath issued hot and impetu-
ous from his lips.

  And then she laughed; low, musical,
thrilling.

CHAPTER XXlJ

A VISITOR.

WHILE the crew of Miriam danced,
the steamer’s light, which she had
been watching from the mountain,
stole into sight from Barbara’s beach. It
was not yet time for the regular schooner
to arrive, and at any time a steamer was
something to gaze on with curiosity.
THE CLEAN-UP.

319

  Barbara sat outside the house, with her
pretty eyes straining into the darkness at
the hilltop where, half an hour before, she
had seen the gladdening flash of the lan-
tern which told her that her Lancelot was
safe that night. She stared at the invisible
spot as if still hoping for yet another sig-
nal; Goff’s cry of the steamer in sight di-
verted her attention to seaward; and while
she never forgot Lancelot for one moment,
natural curiosity made her join her father
in a vigil of watching.

  “ Potty little tub, whatever she is,” re-
marked the trader. The dimness of the
lights and the slowness of her approach
hinted at least that much, and that she was
seeking the island was apparent by the un-
wavering bearing she maintained. “ Won-
der what on earth she wants here?” he
mused, half to himself. “ I hope we’re not
going to have bally tourists start bothering
us, Barbara.”

  “ Oh, perhaps the steamer is taking the
schooner’s turn,” the girl replied, with no
very deep interest in her voice. “ Why
don’t you go out in the canoe and meet
her, dad? Maybe she won’t want to an-
chor if you tell the captain how bad the
holding ground is here.”

  “By Jove, I think I will!” cried Goff
eagerly. “ That may stop nosy people, per-
haps. Will you come, Barbara?”

  “ No, I don’t want to. Pm tired.”

  Goff put to sea in the girl’s canoe, and
the tiny sail soon disappeared in the dark-
ness, leaving Barbara peering at the un-
welcome green and red and white lights
steadily drawing in closer. She soon wear-
ied of looking at them, and turned her gaze
again on the mountain, for there at least
her heart found sweet relief in the bare
thought that somewhere beyond the shad-
ows he was probably sleeping.

  “ I know he is thinking of me,” she
whispered to herself. “ He teases me, and
laughs at me, but he does think of me; he
must—he must! ”

  The thought warmed her gratefully, and
it induced another thought which inten-
sified the glow in her blood. He had sent
his signal, as he had promised her father,
but it did not say that he could not pos-
sibly return that night.

  “ Of course he made the signal to please
me,” she thought. “ That is only his kind
heart. But he will come back, if possible.
I know he will. And oh, he may be here
at any time, and find me like this!”

  This was her old garb, her wildly tum-
bled hair, her pretty bare feet and ankles,
her wriggling, unrestricted toes.

  “ That would never do!” she went on as
if to the twinkling stars that leaned from
the sky in great luminous clusters of celes-
tial jewels. “ He would think I didn’t
care, and — and he always calls me kid
when Pm dressed this way!”

  She sprang up after searching the moun-
tain blackness for hopeful signs without re-
sult, and fled into her holy of holies behind
the veranda screen. The light gleamed
through the screen, and her shadow passed
and repassed as she hurriedly assumed her
more gorgeous attire; in five minutes she
emerged, breathless but happy, and peered
mountainward again before going back in-
side to spend another five minutes in im-
proving the result of her hasty robing.

  With delicious coquetry she placed the
lamp on the table in the main room and
turned the light up fully, then seated her-
self outside but in a position where the
shaft of yellow radiance touched her and
rendered her plainly visible from a point
far along the beach. She blushed when
she thought how he would discover her sit-
ting there, and in anticipation she saw the
merry gray eyes of him fastened on her in
soul-gratifying admiration.

  Her thoughts helped nature to make her
at that moment the fairest vision eye of
man could long for; if a more perfect flower
ever blossomed, it was surely not on earth;
nowhere outside of the seventh inner circle
of heaven could Barbara be matched as she
sat there aglow, eyes soft and dusky, the
pure, true heart of her throbbing and flut-
tering the laces at her breast. She noticed
no flight of time; her gaze was fixed on
the dark mountain with unwavering faith,
and hope that a well-known shape would
presently detach itself from the general
shadow and come striding blithely to her.

  A steamer’s whistle snatched her thoughts
back to the sea, and she was startled to
find the canoe almost at the beach again.
320

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

The steamer’s lights had disappeared, and
that circumstance gave her hope that the
intruder had decided not to remain. The
whistle simply meant farewell, she sur-
mised, and in no fear for her father’s safety
she resumed her watch on the cliffside,
knowing that soon she would hear all about
the strange ship that had come and gone
in the night.

  She passed out of the immediate world
for the moment, and to one approaching
the house she appeared in the lighted ve-
randa like some blessed spirit of beauty,
fresh and fragrant as a dewy rose. She
heard the canoe grate on the sand, and then
her father’s voice; her mind flitted back to
her Lancelot, and earthly sounds had no
meaning for her. She clasped her small
brown hands about one knee, and an espe-
cially happy fancy sent the warm flush
charmingly to her face again.

  In that moment she was startled out of
her abstraction and brought to her feet in
flaming confusion by a man’s voice near by
—a strange man’s voice, softly modulated,
pleasant with the pleasingness of perfect
breeding.

  “ Oh, I beg your pardon! I was not
aware that I should find a lady here.”

  She looked into the face of a tall, gen-
tlemanly stranger, well dressed, but quite
fittingly for Tarani, and her eyes fell be-
fore his amazed but frankly admiring gaze.
In his face was the expression of one as-
tonished who was a stranger to astonish-
ment. Plainly he was a man not easily
shocked, yet as plainly his sudden emer-
gence upon such a fair creature as Barbara
in such a place came in the category of
emphatically new experiences. He quickly
recovered himself, however, and hastened
first to help the girl out of her confusion.

  “ Mr. Goff sent me on up,” he said with
a smile. “ He is right behind me.”

  His smile was soothing, and Barbara re-
turned it confidently, feeling somehow that
this stranger was a man to be trusted; but
she told her secret self that his smile was
not so sunny as Lancelot’s, his eyes less
kindly, his perfectly groomed hair of ra-
ven’s-wing black not nearly so beautiful as
certain other locks of blazing red. She
found her fancies wandering again, and

colored deeply when his low laugh told her
that he had noticed it; her father’s voice
broke in and saved her from embarrass-
ment by saying:

  “ Barbara, Mr. Lynn is to stay with us
for a few days. See that the couch is ready
for him, and show him over the place.”
Lynn—it was our acquaintance of Moji
—extended his hand and murmured:

  “ I am charmed, Miss Barbara. This is
a pleasure so utterly unexpected that I can
scarcely believe I am awake. May I say
that Tarani seemed a forbidding black rock
when I first saw it from the sea, but closer
acquaintance makes it pure Paradise?”
Frankly pleased, Barbara met his smile
with her own merry eyes; but the next mo-
ment she frowned and turned away to at-
tend to the guest chamber, for she told
herself that no man but Lancelot should
say such things to her. Goff, as usual,
saw little of Barbara’s changing expres-
sions; he saw nothing of his guest’s open
admiration for his daughter, thought noth-
ing of it until Lynn’s quiet voice reminded
him that he had such a daughter.

  “ By Jove, Goff, if I may venture to say
so, Miss Goff is a stunning beauty. What
a gem for such a setting!”

   “ Yes, I believe the child is growing fair-
ly good looking,” drawled the trader, busy
with supper preparations. Lynn stared at
him blankly, doubtful if such indifference
could really be genuine. He decided it was
a pose, and during supper he tried to draw
the father out by engaging the daughter in
intimate conversation which he led around
skilfully to the great outside world, of
which, he soon found, she knew nothing.

  Surely, he thought, Goff could not intend
to keep the girl cut off from everything
such a girl could obtain in civilized life,
and he hinted at such things as he guessed
would arouse Barbara’s curiosity. And the
trader rose to the bait readily.

  “ I suggested taking Barbara on a trip,”
he said; “ but she wouldn’t go—would you,
Barbara?” She shook her head vehement-
ly, and her serious aspect made Lynn smile.

  “But you have no idea what you are
missing by remaining shut up here, Miss
Barbara,” he said. “ You should visit a big
city at least once, and see how people live.”
THE CLEAN-UP.

321

  She replied simply, meeting his eyes with
a full and unaffected stare:

  “ I have no interest in the cities, or in
how people live in them. I like the island,
and I have all the people 1 want right here.”
Then she avoided his gaze and colored
hotly.

  Lynn walked on the lonely beach late
that night, his mind too wakeful to make
his couch attractive just yet; and he could
not tear his mind from Barbara Goff: try
as he would to accept her father’s estimate
of her as yet a child, he could not blind
his own eyes to the true status of her—
that of a budding woman of a charm sur-
passing every woman he had ever seen; and
he had, in his official capacity, met many
of the butterflies of the capitals and courts
he had visited.

  “ An amazing little beauty!” he repeated
over and over. -i Perfect Venus, and just
full of natural good breeding, for all that
she has never been to school. Jove!”

  So he continued far into the night, lying
on his couch later on, striving first to sleep,
then to fasten his wakeful mind on the busi-
ness that had brought him there. And
after a struggle he got the threads of his
thoughts to join, arranging details in order
until his well-ordered mentality soon be-
gan working in its accustomed channels.

  He had come to Tarani on an errand sim-
ilar to many others which took him to queer
places. The principal aid of a great offi-
cial, it was part of his business to find men
for certain tasks, and another part of his
work was to follow up and see that the men
he selected played their parts.

  One thing about his selections was that
quite often he knew nothing concerning the
destination of the man chosen; he simply
carried out orders of his own chief, going
to a designated place at a designated time
and checking up results. For it had been
known, not often, but occasionally, that his
man had found the difficulties insurmount-
able, and then Lynn had been forced to re-
turn home to find a man to replace the dead
one. That was yet another phase of Lynn’s
work; so keen had he become in his selec-
tions that in almost every case, if his man
failed, it was because death had taken a
hand.

    10	A-S

  Now he was on Tarani to follow up a
man he had selected; and not knowing
which of his many selections had been sent
to this particular island, he approached his
work with an open mind, but felt slighdy
curious as to whether the man had realized
the beauty and charm of the amazing Bar-
bara.

  The thought troubled him, for he remem-
bered every man he had picked for his
chief; and, although as yet ignorant which
one was here, he remembered that every
one of them was of a type not at all likely
to overlook anything in the way of femi-
nine attractions.	*

. “ He’ll have to stick to his knitting and
leave the girl alone,” he muttered drowsily,
just before sleep at length came to him.
“ None of those chaps is fit to touch such
an angel’s hand.”

  And the angel was hovering above him
as he' dreamed. His finely molded features
were set in a smile that transformed him
from a cold official into a warm, pulsing
human being. And Barbara, too, smiled
as she slept; but her angel was a hero with
merry gray eyes, his aureole a mop of flam-
ing red hair.

  And so both smiled the night through,
all unaware of what the fates had cooking
for them in the caldron at that moment.

CHAPTER XXIII.

BARBARA’S KNIGHT.

TRADER Goff permitted nothing to
swerve him from the even course of
his daily life, not even the advent of
a man of Lynn’s stamp. Lynn had nothing
in common with any other man who had
at any time within Goff’s experience been
cast up on the little silver beach; he was
quite obviously a gentleman, one of that
capable class of unobtrusive men of action
from which Goff himself most certainly had
sprung, whatever his present standing or
the reason for it. For this reason the trader
did not suggest, as he had done even in
Gurney’s case, that he make himself a resi-
dence for the duration of his stay, but
placed his house at his guest’s disposal.

“ The place is yours, Lynn,” he said,
322

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

“ If you require anything you don’t see, ask
Barbara for it. I am obliged to accom-
modate you, since you bring such creden-
tials, and do so gladly; but you’ll pardon
me if I go about my business as usual, I
hope, and leave you in my girl’s hands. A
fellow mustn’t let chance visitors break up
his routine, v’know.”

  That’ was all. There was no curiosity
regarding Lynn’s business, no surmise as
to the duration of his visit; Goff left the
house without further parley and walked
off along the beach, leaving his guest stand-
ing in the veranda gazing after him with a
subtle twinkle shining in the recesses of a
pair of keen, inscrutable eyes. There was
nobody to say it to, so Lynn merely
thought it, but the most striking subject
of thought was what on earth the trader’s
business could be to demand such devoted
application.

  But the morning was sparkling and full
of the wine of sea and breeze, bringing to
the calm Briton abounding vigor and am-
bition. Far along the shore he saw another
habitation, but as he had watched the place
since taking his early morning swim, and
had seen no sign of human being in the
near vicinity of the hut, he had learned
nothing of his neighbor, for Goff volun-
teered nothing, and no inquiry had been
made. From the hut Lynn searched the
sea and the reefs in quest of Barbara, feel-
ing eager to improve the acquaintance of
the amazing little beauty. She had pre-
pared his breakfast, but he had eaten with
her father alone, and he felt that she was
either smitten with shyness or was playing
coquette with him.

  The longer he sought, the more intense
his desire became to discover exactly how
this girl measured up. For, be it under-
stood, Lynn was first and last a gentleman
in the strictest sense of the word; and while
something burned in his breast which
warned him that the ice of his nature was
likely to melt under the glow of this girl’s
presence, he was not the man to plunge into
ardent relations which might bring pain to
the girl afterward, when he found that she
could never measure up to the standard of
his class.

  So he waited impatiently, hoping to see

her, and willing to lay aside his more vital
business for a day or so if only he could
spend those days in a sweeter education.
He looked, of course, for the flash of white
draperies; he caught sight, instead, of a
distant brown sail, which drew steadily
nearer on the fresh breeze, and in which
he soon detected a single occupant whose
dress or skin, he was not sure which at the
distance, matched the sail in tint.

  He believed the lone sailor was a native,
and strolled off along the shore to pass time
until Barbara chose to appear. When he
returned to the house the canoe was in the
small surf, and when the brown-clad figure
leaped ashore and ran the craft up clear
of the water he was halted with something
of a shock to recognize the girl he sought,
and astonishment seized him when he real-
ized that if she had presented a picture of
beauty before, she filled the scene now, in
her wild, untrammeled loveliness, like a
vision of Eve.

  Cold, indifferent, unemotional Lynn had
grown to be in his official life; his face had
been trained until, whenever he chose, it
was a mask to his true feelings; but when
Barbara saw him, and ran to greet him,
red-gold hair flying, eyes sparkling star-
like, bare brown arms and ankles gleaming
in the sunlight, her ragged garment boldly
outlining shy charms that could not be hid-
den for all their innocent shyness, the man’s
throat went dry, and the healthy tan of his
face turned a paler hue.

  “ Lynn, you ass, pull yourself together!”
he warned himself, angry to realize his loss
of balance. He forced himself to put on
an expression of outward calmness, and re-
plied to Barbara’s greeting: “ What an as-
tonishing young lady you are, Miss Bar-
bara! Just when a fellow expects to see
you as he saw you before, you turn up smil-
ing like a sprite of the sea, more charming
than ever.”

 “ Do you like me like this?” she
laughed, meeting his eyes frankly. “ This
is my every-day dress. I do everything in
it.”

  “ I think it is the perfection of dresses.
I am glad you only put on your holiday
dress for visitors. This is ever so much
better,”
THE CLEAN-UP.

323

  “ Oh, I didn’t put on my good clothes for
you, Mr. Lynn!” she replied with stagger-
ing candor. “You will scarcely ever see
me dressed different to this, unless—unless
Lancelot comes!”

  For a moment Lynn stared down at her
animated face, uncertain whether to laugh
with her or to ask questions. She amazed
him in many ways, and not the least by
her outspoken assurance of his subordinate
posi’tion as' an inducement to feminine
adornment.

  But a keen sense of humor underlay his
outward indifference, and he thought he
saw in the girl’s glib mention of Lancelot
the not very common but entirely plausible
spoken dream of a young girl living a lone-
ly life, hoping that one day Prince Charm-
ing would arrive. He decided to laugh, and
she joined him in a peal of merriment that
placed them on a sound footing ol fellow-
ship.

  “ Let us hope that Lancelot is delayed,
then,” he smiled. “ While waiting for him,
though, won’t you show me your island?
Your father has resigned me to your care,
and I believe I admire him better for it.”
“ Lancelot will not be long delayed,” she
said slowly, and her eyes wandered over
the mountain, her piquant face shaded into
anxiety for a moment. But she swiftly
shook off the mood and turned to scrutinize
her companion. “ I will gladly take you
walking,” she smiled; “ but do you expect
to keep up with me in those clothes?”

  “ Why, yes, I think I can.”

  “ You will look a fright in an hour. Dear
man, you see my dress? 1 am ready to
climb crags, swim surf, run through the
jungle, or. slide down a cliff. All these
tilings you will have to do if you follow
where I lead. You had better let me give
you some of father's old things. All you
need is a pair of old trousers and a shirt—
unless your feet are tender; then you need
shoes. Wait a minute.”

  She brought out a heap of garments
which certainly had long since earned the
description of old, and thrust them into his
hands. Lynn's face showed no intense joy:
in fact, the very touch of such nondescript
things almost made him shiver; but he
would have gone clad as a native rather

than miss anything to be had by pleasing
Barbara, and he went into his part of the
sleeping veranda to dress. Such clothes
required little time to adjust; he rejoined
the girl, wearing, with other things, an apo-
logetic grimace; but her dancing eyes and
parted lips thrilled him and amply repaid
him.

  “ Oh, you look just like—you look really
truly able to keep up with me now!” she
cried, and clapped her hands delightedly
and danced around him.

  “ Glad I suit your majesty,” he smiled.
“ Nothing else can matter. Shall we take
some lunch?”

  “ It doesn’t seem necessary. I am first
going along to the castle, to open the win-
dows for my lord. We can have lunch
there.”

  He stared at her blankly, doubting if,
after all, there might not be something
lacking in Barbara’s mental equipment.
But she met his stare merrily; there was
nothing of dark import in her eager face,
no light of aberration in her glorious eyes;
she set off along the shore, chattering on,
dancing over the dazzling sand like a sun-
beam; and in spite of doubts, Lynn found
it easy to adjust himself to her mood. He
entered into the spirit of her chatter, and
played what he supposed was simply her
childish game of make-believe.

  “ And is my lord from home?” he asked.
“ Has Lancelot gone off te the wars, and
left my lady to care for his castles? Is
that the castle at the end of the beach?”

  “ Yes, that is Lancelot’s castle. He has
gone to the mountain to find the old witch
who sits up there. He must not return and
find his house neglected, so I must admit
the sea breezes to keep it sweet and clean.”

  There were moments as they walked side
by side when Lynn was assailed with re-
curring doubts that would not down. He
was willing to enter into the play of make-
believe. but somehow he felt that the girl
was altogether too serious in her fun—that
she really believed in her Lancelot, his cas-
tle, and the old witch of the mountain: and
such a state of affairs was unthinkable. He
resolved to speak to Goff about it, and urge
him to take her away on a trip before she
became obsessed with her fair}’-fancies,
324

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

For the time being, he was willing to play
on and to make the most of his opportuni-
ties.

  They reached Gurney’s hut, and found
it as he had left it, wide open; but the
floor was covered with sand, and rustling
crabs had usurped the domain. Barbara
seized a shovel and drove the intruders out,
then fell industriously to work putting
things in place which were never out of
place; and while she performed her labor
of duty, as Lynn interpreted it, her face
glowed with ardor, and the touches her fin-
gers gave to rough furnishings had the ten-
derness of love in them.

  Her merriment had softened to a smile
of joy in her work, and the man felt as if
he were witnessing a rite almost too sacred
to be spied on. He wandered around idly,
waiting until the girl had completed her
task, and as he allowed his eyes to rove
about the rough shack he caught sight of
an object which seemed slightly out of place
in such surroundings.

  It was a book, a stoutly bound volume,
stained with sea water, and hung up to nails
by means of a stick thrust through the back
binding. He took it down and looked it
over. It Avas “ The Round Table,” rescued
from the sea by Goff and taken care of by
Lancelot himself.

  “ By Jove, this is a queer community;”
muttered Lynn. “ Fancy finding on one
potty little island a creature like Barbara
and a poor devil of a beach-comber who
reads Arthur’s ‘ Knights ’! Phew! Xo
wonder she calls him Lancelot!”

  He flicked over the pages, smiling at the
pictures, perhaps recalling the day when he
derived keen pleasure in such things. His
smile broke into a low whistle at the page
whereon was portrayed the Perfect Knight
—Sir Lancelot—for the knight was shown
snatching a distressed damsel from the
clutches of an army of low-browed churls,
and beneath the damsel’s disheveled figure
was scrawled in a very fine, young-ladyish
hand: “ Barbara.”	|

  Softly he replaced the book on its nails,
and felt that he had uncovered most of the
mystery.

  If only the hut—Lancelot’s castle—had
been vacant, he could have established once
for all that Barbara’s knight and his castle,
and the old witch, too, were simply
creatures of a childish imagination.

  But the place was not vacant, beyond
the fact that the owner was temporarily
absent, and further consideration was
stopped by the girl herself. His hands had
scarcely left the replaced book when a little
cry burst out beside him, Barbara’s flying
figure flashed past, and she seized the vol-
ume, hugging it to her breast in ecstasy.

  “ Oh, he found it! He found it and pre-
served it for me when I flung it into the
sea in anger!” she murmured. Suddenly
aware that Lynn was regarding her strange-
ly, she flashed a defiant look at him and
cried:

  “ Oh, you don’t understand! You can-
not understand! Don’t look at me in that
way! Leave me, leave me! I hate you for
that smile!”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

THE FLIGHT

BY SAM S. STINSON

                        17AIR as a radiant goddess was the maid,
                           As rich as Croesus he;

                        And so they planned to make an even trade,
                        Nor knew that riches flee.

He married her, her beauty to enfold,

                       But beauty fades away.

                       She married him, enamored of his gold—

                        In the same boat are they!
Charley Wood

IT was a comparatively warm morning for
early spring and the cook, like the birds
and the worms, was making the most of
it. He was seated on the edge of the wharf
where lay moored his temporary home, the
schooner, Benjamin Hay, when I came upon
him. His rotund proportions occupied most
of the space between two spiles while he
swung his feet back and forth over the mud-
dy water of the bay, and between puffs on a
disreputable corn-cob, whistled a tune that
was obviously original.

  He managed to make room when he saw
me, however, so I sat down and smoked
and swung my feet likewise.

   He spoke with a quaint twist to his words.
I had remarked it once, and to my chagrin,
for he had somewhat insultedly replied that
it was only because he had spent so man)'
years on British ships; but that he had
been born right here in these United States
and was for the Stars and Stripes forever,
and maybe 1 could show him better Yankees
than his Connecticut parents!

  He launched into the following story
apropos of nothing as far as I could see.
I had hardly more than got my pipe started
well when he began.

  Cap'n Hosiah Briggs, he’s the man I been
thinking on. Xo, you never heerd of him,
he was skippering afore your time in Square
Haven. He was running mostly coastwise

in schooners, up and down and up ana
down, never his own owner, and all the
time wanting a ship of his own and swear-
ing at the orders of his owners behint their
backs.

  I ain’t sure if he knowed his own mind.
Women? It weren’t women that was
the matter of him. He was a bach, forty
abouts, set and free in his ways, and if he
had any affection for women it was as por-
table as a deck-bucket. I would say he
was a woman-hater if I didn’t know there
ain’t any such, at least, I never seen one
and I’ve seen the world from every angle,
including catty-cornered in the Pacific to
upside-down in Chiny.

  He weren’t wanting of no home, or no
wife, or no children. All he wanted was
good grub to eat and good licker to drink
and a ship of his own without no female
to interrupt.

  It weren’t licker that was the matter of
him, neither, although he did like his little
swig orful well and always carried a few
cases along to sea. That was how he lived
year in and year out, free as a sea-gull, in-
dependent as a pirate, and changing of his
ship at the end of every cruise account-of
disagreements with his owners.

  But, there come a time when he went
about ship and steered off on another course.
Old Sam Judson was the cause of it. Sam
was an old shipmate of his whom he had
325
326

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

sailed along with afore the mast. He was
living out of his days at Snug Harbor. The
skipper had just finished a cruise and they
was talking over things across a pair of
grogs in Stapleton.

  The skipper had let go the remark that
he was sick of life with the owners holding
a belaying pin over his head all the time.
Sam thinks a minute and up and says:

  “ Mebbe I ought to tell you and mebbe
I hadn’t,” he says, “ but 1 know where is
the best schooner on this coast lying idle on
her hawsers for want of a good skipper, and
she’s owned by a pretty girl.”

  “ Where?” the skipper wants to know.

  “ Square Haven,” says Sam, “ it’s the
Bluebell what belonged to old Skipper Bill
Banks. He left her, keel and tops’l, to his
daughter, Em’ly, when he died. Now, if
you only had as much sense with women as
you have with ships and was more ’and-
some-like, there’d be your chance.”

  The skipper looks at him hard and orders
two more grogs.

  “ My looks and your opinion ain’t
mates,” he says. “ But how does it come
there ain’t nobody married her with a beau-
tiful ship, and why does it lie idle?”

  “ Because,” says Sam, “ she ain’t never
met the right man, she’s that particular,
she is. And she don’t want no sailorman for
a husband. She wants a man what will
settle down and live home where he be-
longs and not be running off to sea. So,
there lies the hooker, month in and month
out and gathering moss and rotting.”

  “ How old is this girl?” axes the skipper.
“ Thirty-five or thereabout,” Sam an-
swers.

  “ A girl thirty-five year old,” says the
skipper. “ According to that I'm a boy of
forty and you’re a youth of sixty-five. But,
I haven’t got no objection to the age.”

  “ O’ course not,” says Sam, “ she’s just
the age for to make you a good wife.”

  “ I'm not wanting of no wife now or
never,” snorts the skipper. “ I get enough
bossing from owners. But,” he says, “ I’m
going to show you how good my looks are
and if I can manage women as well as
ships by getting that schooner without mar-
rying her.”

  Then he gets up and walks back and

forth across the grog-shop, rattling of the
pay in his pocket and thinking hard. He
kept it up for so long that Sam got tired
of waiting for another grog and went home
riled. He was one of them what figgers
out the value of his conversation in drinks
and he figgered Cap’n Briggs had cheated
him bad.

  That was why, prob’ly, he left the skipper
to find out one important fact that he hadn’t
mentioned during the conversation.

  Two days after that, if you had been right
where you are now, you would have saw
Cap’n Briggs. He stands right on that
spot back of us, his gear in a pile behint
him, and looking at the Bluebell. She
lay right off there where you see them gulls
fighting over that loaf of bread. She was
moored fore and aft, sails stowed, and she’d
been there without moving an inch beyont
the slack of her cables for over a year.

  The paint on her weren’t even soiled, ex-
cept for the little rust streaks running down
from the scuppers and lanyards. She was
a thing of beauty to behold. She looked
snug and tight enough to be able to slant
off to sea the very next day. The skipper
actually got to feeling ashamed of the re-
sponsibility of standing there letting such
a beauty lie idle.

  So he stows his gear aboard the best
hotel in Square Haven for to make an
impression and cruises out in his Sunday-
shore suit for to find Miss Em'ly Banks.

  Old Sam weren’t such a bad picker after
all. The skipper told himself that when
he had passed up and down in front of
Miss Banks’s cottage a dozen times and
seen her standing on the verandy the
twelfth. She weren’t skinny and scrawny
with a peaked bow and a perpetual grouch
like he had been expecting of. She had
one of them pleasant faces, no gray hair
or wrinkles, and was buxom of figger.

  “ So far, so good,” says the skipper to
himself as he stands there and looks her
over out of the corner of his eye, “ and it
makes it a lot pleasanter to find she’s not
’omely. But I’ll have to steer blighted care-
ful because this house is moored plump be-
tween two hills and if I got moored there
for life I’d smother for want of breeze.”

  But seeing the lady had caught him
THE COURTSHIP OF THE BLUEBELL.

327

standing there a looking at her he knowed
there had to be something done quick, so
he walks through the gate.

  “ I’m looking for Miss Em’ly Banks,”
says he.

  “ I’m Miss Banks,” she answers. She
follers it up with a lamping of the skipper’s
lines that didn’t make him feel comfortable.

  “ My name is Cap’n Hosy Briggs,” says
he. He don’t get no further because the
lady interrupts.

  “ And you came to see me because I’m
the owner of the Bluebell,” she says, the
surprise of it all but knocking the skipper
backward. “ You think she’s the most beau-
tiful ship you ever seen, you think it’s a
shame for to let her lie idle on her hawse,
and you’re surprised for to find that the
owner of her is so young and ’andsome.”

  It took the skipper a minute for to get
his breath and then he slams his Sunday
cap angrily on the ground.

  “ Wait till I gets a chance for to lay a
hand on Sam Judson,” chokes he, hot as a
galley-stove, “ I’ll jam his tops’ls into his
keel for him. The sneaky rat!”

, “ Who’s Sam Judson?” she axes.

  “ Don’t you know?” he says.

  “ Never heerd of him,” she says.

  “ Then how did you know what I come
here for?” he inquires.

  “ Because,” she says, “ you’re about the
dozenth sailorman what’s come here since
my father left me the Bluebell, and they all
say the same things. I know it all by
heart now.”

  Prob’ly if there had been a scupper there
on the verandy for to crawl into, the skipper
would have done it. For a long time he
tried to figger out something for to say, but
seeing the lady had said all he had intended
to say for him, he just give over and started
to leave without saying anything at all.
He went down the walk toward the gate,
and while he went she run her eye over him
from top to keel.

  He had his hand on the gate when he
got another surprise.

  “ Mebbe you’d like a cup of tea afore you
go,” she says.

  The skipper comes back like a man in a
dream, steps careful over a door-mat what’s
on the top step and says “ Home, Sweet

Home ” on it and sinks into a chair on the
verandy awaiting for the tea. While she
was gone he wondered if all them other
sailormen had been axed to tea, and hoped
there weren’t no arsenic or nothing in it.

  Afore he was through he stowed away
four cups of it! And he set right there on
the verandy with the people going by in
the street and staring of their lamps out
at him while he done it.

  That was the beginning of the court-
ship.

  “ I’m up ag’in’ a terrible hard course,”
says he to himself after he had left, “ be-
cause I won’t never be able to fool this
one, and a spoke of helm either way is liable
to stow me away forever between them
two hills.”

  He went back to the hotel and set in
his room thinking it over, and smoking of
his pipe till three o’clock in the morning.

  It took him all of a month to lay out a
course. He spent most of his time think-
ing it out in his room at the hotel, and lay-
ing it as careful as he would have figgered
out a course arount the world in uncharted
waters.

  He weren’t backward about making
promises, so far as that went. Fie could
have taken a chart out of his sea-chest and
put his finger on more, than one port where
there was females of more than one shade
who might still be waiting for him to fulfil
promises. He wouldn't have bet no money
that any of ’em was still waiting, though,
no more nor you nor me would. Anyhow,
they didn’t own idle Bluebells.

  During this month he was a reg’lar caller
at the cottage. The conversations between
’em was mostly battles of brains, because
she was always trying to steer it away
from the Bluebell and he didn’t want for
to talk about nothing else. There was more
than once that she told him she would be
more happy if the hooker was sunk.

  Then, one Sunday afternoon when it was
too rainy for to set on the verandy, he took
a long chance. He was sitting in a horse-
hair chair in the parlor, with pictures of old
people hanging arount him on the walls and
she a playing of the organ in the corner.
The homelike things in that room always
got on his nerves.
328

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He got up all of a sudden and goes
over to the organ and takes a holt of her
hand. He had saw a show the night afore
and his imitation of the leading man weren’t
bad considering there was no rehearsals.

  “ You never knowed I read palms, did
you?” he says.

  “ No,” she says, “ read mine.”

  Now I ain't sure if the skipper had ever
read a palm in his life afore. All I know
is that he wrinkled his forehead over her
hand and took on the look of a professor of
palmistry while he studies the lines.

  “ You’re going for to be married,” was
the first thing he says.

  “ When?” she wants to know.

  “ In about four or five year,” says he,
and looks up in time for to catch a look
of disappointment on her face.

  “ There ain’t no man going to be a court-
ing of me four or five year,” she says sharp
like.

  “ But suppose,” says he, still studying of
the lines, “ suppose the man ain’t got money
enough for to do it in less, like the man
what shows in your hand here?”

  “ Where does he show?” she axes, looking
hard at the palm he’s holding.

  “ Right there,” he says, pointing to a
little line. “ There’s the man what wants
to marry you. And then ups and downs
what you see in it there, that means he is
a sailorman, and one of the best masters of
sail what ever walked a ship’s deck. And
he’s a man what would make a fortune,
but for one thing.”

  “ What is the one thing?” she axes.

  “ He ain’t got a ship of his own,” he
says. “*Iie’s an independent man who has
got to have plenty of freedom and be his
own boss or he can’t be happy. But you’re
going to be cruel hard on him.”

  “ Why?” she says.

  “ That line what forks off there,” an-
swers he, pointing to one, “ that shows
where his heart longs for to be out a roam-
ing of the seas, and that other branch shows
where you want him to settle down in a
house what’s smothered in between two
hills, where he can’t see, or even smell, the
ocean.”

  “ But how do I know what he would be
up to when he was off to sea?” she says.

  “ He wouldn’t be up to nothing,” he says,
“ because that big line what you see running
down there, that shows that he don’t care a
rope yarn about nobody but you and never
will up to the day he is hauled aboard
Davy’s locker.”

  Miss Banks looked at him for a long
time, and so piercing, that he took to fidget-
ing in his chair.

  “ What would you advise me to do about
it?” she axes.

  “ There’s only one thing you can do,” he
answers, his voice kind of trembling, “ you
can become engaged to him and let him
charter the Bluebell from you for about a
year, say, all aboveboard and right. And
mebbe by that time he would have enough
money stowed for to marry without having
his heart broke by living between two hills.”
“ But I have enough money for both,”
she says.

  “ But you are forgetting he’s an inde-
pendent man what don’t want to live off no-
body,” says he.

  She kept quiet for a long time again as
if she was thinking it over, and the skip-
per got up and walked arount the room
studying the pictures on the wall and the
figgers in the carpet.

  “ I guess,” she says, after a while, “ if
I was sure he was all you say and wasn’t
playing of no games I’d give him a chance
and let him try it.”

  He winked at himself in a long looking-
glass there on the wall and swung arount.

  “ That skipper I was speaking of,” says
he, taking a long breath, “ that was me.”

  “ I knew it all the time,” she says; “ and
I wish that ship was sunk.”

  Well, them charter papers was made out
the next day in front of a lawyer and all
regular and legal. When the last signature
was on ’em the skipper looked acrost the
table and noticed Miss Banks was eying
him kind of funny, but he was so glad for
to have the Bluebell for a whole year that
he didn’t pay no attention to it at the time.

  The very next day he turned to get the
hooker ready. He got a crew of swabs
aboard and had the time of his life a trim-
ming up of a ship for sea without having
no owners to worry of him. At the end
of a week he had a walloping big cargo
THE COURTSHIP OF THE BLUEBELL.

329

of sandstone aboard and everything ready
for to sail the next day for New York.

  There weren’t but one hard job left ahead
of him, and that was to bid Miss Banks
good-by and do it in such a way that she
wouldn’t suspect he was glad to go.

  He set in the cabin and took a few swigs
out of his little store of drinkables what
he always had aboard while he thought,
comfortable like, what would be the best
things to say to her. The mate, new shipped
the day afore, set across the table and
helped him so far as the drinkables was
concerned.

  “ I got to go ashore and say good-by to
my girl to-night,” the skipper says. “ That’s
a job I hate, a saying of good-by to
women.”

  “ You hadn’t better drink no more then,”
says the mate, looking greedy at what was
left in the bottle.

  “ I’ll drink all I wants on my own ship,”
answers the skipper. “ What do I care
whether she likes it or not?”

  It was just about this moment that a
sailor sticks his head into the companion-
hatch and sings out:

  “ There’s a lawyer up here for to see you,
cap’n.”

  “ Send the lubber down,” says the skip-
per. “ I don’t get up for no lawyers.”

  So, down the companion come a little man
with big, black-rimmed spectacles, a reddish
nose, and a hard hat. He weren’t no young
man. He crawled down the ladder a hold-
ing on with both hands, lubber style, and
at the bottom he stands and stares at the
bottle of spirits what sets there square in
front of him.

  “ I come to see if you had any licker
aboard, cap’n,” says he.

  “ Sure,” says the skipper, pointing to the
bottle. “ Take a glass and have a swig.
I don’t see what you come all the way out
here for to get a drink for, though.”

  The lawyer didn’t answer a word, but
filled a glass right up to the brim and swal-
lowed her off without wiggling an eyebrow.

  “ Yes, sir, that is licker all right,” says
he. “ Have you any more aboard?”

  “ Ain’t that good enough for you?” shouts
back the skipper. “ That’s five year old
and ninety proof.”

  “ I’m asking the question from a legal
standpoint, I am,” answers the lawyer.
“ You see, there was a clause in Cap’n
Banks’s will about this ship that Miss Banks
didn’t tell you because she was afraid your
feelings might be hurt. A queer man, Cap’n
Banks was, in some ways.”

  “ For one thing, he was dead set ag’in’
licker. Now, there’s a clause in his will
what says there ain’t never to be any malt,
distilled, or fermented spirits aboard the
Bluebell at any time.”

  Cap’n Briggs jumped to his feet, his face
turning as purple as the water in the Gulf
Stream, and out of his mouth shoots a
stream of langwidge that almost blows the
lawyer up the ladder. I’ll tell you some
on it.

  “ Why weren’t I told about this afore I
signed that charter for a year?” he thun-
ders. “ I’m a free-born American citizen
and I got a right to drink when I’m thirsty.
I’ve got five neat cases of good licker aboard
me and my cargoe is all stowed! What do
you expect me for to do?”

  “ Yoiu’ll have to get rid of it and make
the best of it, because it’s got to be off here
before the Bluebell goes to sea,” says the
lawyer, using a soothing tone. “ Give them
cases of licker to me and I’ll throw ’em
away for you.”

  “ I’ll give ’em to you over your top, you
shrivel-hulled hypecrite!” answers the skip-
per. “ If they have to be threw overboard
I’ll do it myself and be sure you don’t get
none of it.”

  “ I’m sorry,” says the lawyer, “ but I’ll
have to see it all destroyed before I leave
the ship.”

  Turning from purple to white the skipper
went in the pantry and come out with a
small case in his arms. He went to the com-
panion, and the lawyer being in his way, he
bangs him ag’in’ the bulkhead and goes out
the door. A minute after you could have
heerd a groan and a splash.

  Four trips the skipper made, and each
time his face got more white and tragic.

  “ That was the last one,” says he, com-
ing down after dropping over the fourth
one. He took a holt of the lawyer’s collar
and hustled him up the companion. Up on
deck he grabbed the first swab he seen.
330

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Here, you,” he says, “ jump into a boat
and pull this cripple-brained freak ashore.
And if you can capsize the boat on the way
to the wharf I’ll give you a month’s pay
free!”

  Then the skipper went back to the poop,
where there weren’t nobody, and uses ter-
rible langwidge ag’in’ the world.

  “ Here am I,” he says, “ a making of love
to a woman for a whole month for to get a
ship, and now I got to go dry a year!
Liberty! What kind of a country is it that
brags about liberty and allows a dirty deal
like this? What, I axes you, did them sol-
diers back in 1776 fight for if it weren’t
so we could have our swigs when we
wants?”

  One at a time the crew drops whatever
they were doing and turned pale while they
listened. Cap’n Briggs hadn’t never had no
bad reputation, in fact, he was an easy-go-
ing man, as skippers go, but they hadn’t
never saw him crossed. You see, this hap-
pening had changed his whole nature.

  “ There’s a terrible hard cruise ahead
on us,” says the cook, a sticking of his head
out from the galley and speaking to an
A. B. “ We had better start a packing of
our gear afore it’s too late.’’

  “ I don’t want to be caught where I can’t
get ashore with no man like that,’’ replied
the A. B.

  The skipper started in on the mate. He
come in the cabin and found him setting
there drinking hard of the bottle on the
table.

  “ I'm sorry,” says the mate, “ account of
the heart-breaking luck you had.’’

  “ Who axed you for sympathy? You’re
sorry because you got to go dry,” fires back
the skipper. ^

  “ What’s the matter of you?” axed the
mate, starting to get mad. “ Why don’t
you take your hard luck like a man and
make the best on it?”

  “ Shut off that gas,” shouts the skipper,
holding of a menacing attitude, “ or I jams
you through a port.”

  By that time, unbeknownst, the whole
edge of the companion was lined with the
faces of the crew, pale and listening.

  “ Say,” says the mate, “ I ain’t standing
for to be talked to like that by no skipper

in port. You go easy with your lip or
I’m packing of my gear and gone!”

  “ Go! ” yells the skipper. “• Go! A rat-
tle-head like you ain’t necessary to the sail-
ing of this ship.”

  “ I ain’t wanting for to stay on a ship
as dry as a ham-bone,” says the mate.

  He up and hauls out his sea-chest. The
skipper grabbed onto what gear of his he
could lay hold on and slammed ’em into the
chest so hard there must have been nicks
in the bottom. He weren’t gentle about
helping him over the side of the ship,
neither.	\

  That was the beginning of the worst week
Cap’n Briggs ever put in. He was like a
bear what had roamed free all his life and
all at once had a ring put into his nose.
It weren’t that he wanted that licker so
bad, neither, but he couldn’t bear for to
have it took away from him.

  The next one to foul him was the cook.
It was right after the mate had gone down
that he come down the ladder trembling
so hard that the vi’tuals in his hands looked
like jelly.

  The skipper set there a glaring while he
snuk arount unobtrusive like, setting of the
table.

  “ What’s the matter of you, you kettle
head?” the skipper growls. “ Have you got
the ague or something?”

  The cook, he looks up all nervous for
to answer while he shoves the bottle to
one side to make room for the dishes at
the same time, and the next thing the poor
man knowed he had shoved it clean off the
table and the last swing on the Bluebell
was a wasting on the deck!

  He didn’t wait for to hear nothing or
feel nothing, but shot up the companion,
and following close behint come all the
supper he had brung down as fast as the
skipper.could heave it. Ten minutes after
away goes the cook, pulling hard for the
shore, and never to return.again.

  But the worst thing the skipper done that
night was when he made the A. B.’s go to
bed without no supper. There weren’t no
cook, you see. And there’s them poor devils
afraid to tell him and a peeking at hirn and
dodging behint things when they seen him
coming till he couldn’t stand it no longer.
THE COURTSHIP OF THE BLUEBELL.

331i

  “ What are you sneaking arount like
hyenas for?” he yells at ’em. “ Go into
the fo’c’s’le and go to bed where you be-
long.”

  “ We ain’t had no supper, begging of your
pardon, sir,” says one, respectful. “ And
it’s too early for to turn in.”

  “ Go to bed when I tell you and don’t
heave none of your guff!” roars the .skip-
per. He grabbed a holt of a piece of eight-
inch hawse what he had been saving for to
make a fender. “ In there with you,” he
yells, “ afore 1 slicks down your hair with
this! ”

  In they goes, pell-mell, and each trying
for to beat the other, and before you could
wink your eye they was in their bunks
swearing hard under their breaths and re-
solving their time was short on the Bluebell.

  Some time after that the skipper says to
himself: “ I can’t drink on my own ship,”
says he, “ so I’ll go ashore and drink like a
common sailor.”

  And he done it.

  He hadn’t hardly stepped his foot on the
wharf afore them sailors was up and away.
Some didn’t even wait long enough for to
take all their gear. That’s why the Blue-
bell didn’t sail the next day. Them A. B.’s
had their revenge, they did.

  Arount and arount they went, a telling
this one and a telling that one, and the
story getting bigger all the time like a
snowball rolling down-hill. They told every
sailorman in port what a terrible man was
Cap’n Briggs, and how a man would be
better off. for to stick his head in a noose
than to go to sea on the Bluebell. News
like that don’t take long for to travel among
sailors.

  The skipper won’t never forget the week
that followed. He just couldn’t get a crew.
Once or twice he had one all signed and
ready for to sail next day and w’ent ashore
for to get one last licker, and in the morning
there wouldn’t be a man aboard agin. For
a whole week he tried with luck going worse
and worse ag’in’ him because he got worse
tempered from the worry.

  At the end of the week he couldn’t get
even one man aboard and he was sick and
disgusted. He took to setting in the cabin
a thinking. He would do that for hours

at a time while he tried to plan some way
out of his trouble. You see, there was
the Bluebell lying full of sandstone and if
he couldn't get a crew for to take her out
of Square Haven she’d be there till her
charter run out.

  More and more his mind went back to
them peaceful days afore he got the Blue-
bell, and that peaceful house between them
two hills. Then one evening he dressed up
in his Sunday gear and went. Miss Banks
was home and you would have thought
she had been expecting of him by the way
she acted.

  “ Em’ly,” says he, a handing her some
papers, “ there’s that charter. Pm done
with the Bluebell and I hopes I never see
another ship as long as I live.”

  “ What, then, are you intending to do?”
she says.

  “ Well,” he says, “ I’d rather settle down
comfortable ashore, where there won’t be no
more ship troubles, even if it is between
two hills.”

  She takes the charter and begin, slow like,
to tear it into little pieces.

  “ So far as that goes,” she says, a blush-
ing, “ we can move up on top of a hill,
can’t we?”

  “ I hadn’t never thought of that!” says
the skipper.

  Right here the cook paused and the
wrinkles around his eyes became more pro-
nounced as he chuckled to himself. He
was filling his pipe and suddenly he drew
the bowl from the pouch and pointed across
the harbor with the stem. I followed the
imaginary line to where three sunken masts
reared their grizzled, moss-covered trucks
just above the water.

  “ See them?” he asked. “ That’s the
Bluebell. Not many knows it, but Cap’n
Briggs sunk her himself. What for? So
he wouldn’t'never be tempted to go to sea
agin. He said he hadn’t never known what
real life was till he got married.

  “Listen! Hear them reports like the
firing off of a double-action revolver?
That’s him. He’s got one o’ them automo-
biles what they calls flivvers now, too.
There ain’t a happier man in Square Haven
to-day, there ain’t.”
Halbert Footner

Author ol “ The Substitute Millionaire,'’ “ Chase of the Linda Belle,” “ The Fugitive Sleuth,” etc.

CHAPTER XX.

 EXIT SENOR SAUNDERS.

BEFORE they got home Amy began
to awaken from her unnatural sleep.
Greg gave her over to the care of
Bessie, who had him carry the little figure
up to her room, where, by methods known
to herself, Bessie completed the restora-
tion.

  Greg learned that during his absence Pa
Simmons had sent in a message that De
Socotra had returned to his apartment
about ten o’clock in company with a young
Spanish-American whose description sug-
gested Henry Saunders. A little before
midnight De Socotra had come out again,
leaving the young man within, and Pa
Simmons had followed him to the house
on East Seventeenth Street, where pre-
sumably he was still.

  No word had come from Estuban. De
Silva still lay in his deep sleep.

  As soon as Amy had recovered she asked
for Greg. He found her sitting up in bed,
pale, great-eyed, and smiling. Bessie, it
appeared, was not without a secret, feminine
fondness for pretty caps and negligees.
Producing such articles from a hidden store,
she had dressed Amy up like a French
doll. After a few moments the good-
hearted Bessie made believe to discover an
errand down-stairs, and left them alone.

  But they had nothing to say to each
other that any one might not have heard.
There was no constraint; they gave each
other their eyes freely, but they instinctive-
ly hung back from the deep waters of
speech. They had been through too much
This story began in the All

to-night; Nature demanded a let-down.
Their eyes had reached an understanding,
their tongues wagged irresponsibly.

  By and by they heard the disturbance
incidental to a new arrival in the kitchen
below. Amy, recognizing the timbre of the
voice, looked at Greg and said:

  “ Henry.”

  Ginger McAfee came running up-stairs.
Though invited to enter, an excessive deli-
cacy constrained him to deliver his message
from the other side of the door.

  “ It’s the young Spanish gent wants to
see miss. Him that come to the yard yes-
terday morning. Bull's watching him till
she says what to do with him.”

  Amy looked at Greg again.

  Said he: “ Might as well get it over
with.”

  She nodded. “ Let him come up,” she
called to Ginger.

  Senor Henry rushed into the room and,
oblivious to the presence of Greg, fell on
his knees beside Amy’s bed and reached for
her hand.

  “ Amelie! Amelie!” he cried. A flood
of Spanish followed.

  Gone was the high-bred disdain. His
yellow face worked with the uncontrollable
emotion of a weak nature.

  For some obscure reason Amy blushed
and glanced uneasily at Greg. He, no less
uncomfortable, looked away.

  “ Get up,” she said curtly to the other.
“ Speak English.”

  Senor Henry obeyed neither command.

#	“ I shall not answer you unless you speak
English.”

  He made the attempt, but it was not easy
Story Weekly for May 10.
THE OWL TAXI.

333

 for him to express his overmastering emo-
 tion in the unfamiliar tongue. The stam-
 mering effect of it all was:

 “ Come away! This is no place for
 you! ”

 “This is where my friends live!” said
 Amy coldly.

 It was lost on him. “ Come away! I
 have a cab down-stairs!”

 “ Where to?” asked Amy dryly.

 “ Back to Sehora de Socotra.”

“ And Senor Francisco? No, thank
you.”

 “ Let me take you to a hotel, then.”

 “ In this? I have no other clothes.”
 Senor Henry’s feelings were too much for
 him. He relapsed into Spanish.

 Amy clapped her hands over her ears.
 “Speak English!” she commanded.

 The dark-skinned youth, guessing that
 the English was for Greg’s benefit, shot a
 glance of purest hatred across the bed. To
 Amy he said:

 “ Tell the sehora the truth, and she will
 leave Francisco.”

 “ And die of a broken heart,” said Amy.
 “ I’d rather kill Francisco.”

 “ But you cannot remain here among
 these people.”

 “ Remember, you are speaking of my
 friends,” Amy warned him. “ Answer me
 a question. How did you know you’d find
 me here?”

 “ I guessed it.”

 “ That’s not enough. How did vou guess
 it?”

 “ Well, Francisco asked me to spend the
 night in his apartment, so that the. sehora
 would not be left alone. He had to be
 out late. Bianca telephoned from the sana-
 torium that you had been carried off.
 What was I to do? I didn’t know where
 Francisco was. I dared not tell the sehora
 what had happened. Bianca said it was ”
 —he jerked his head across the bed—“ so I
 came down here.”

 “ You knew then that they had put me
 in a private madhouse,” said Amy.

 He shrugged.

 “ Perhaps you thought I was mad?”

 “ I did not. I told Francisco it was an
 outrage. Nothing I could say would move
 him. What was I to do?”

  “ What steps did you take to get me
out?”

  “ Francisco swore to me that it was only
for the night. As soon as he could arrange
to get a private car, he said, he would send
us all home together.”

  “ Why did Francisco put me in that
place?”

  Senor Henry shrugged again. “ Surely
you know that. He had learned that you
were working against him in political mat-
ters. I warned you, you know.”

  “ You mean criminal matters,” Amy
amended.

  Greg spoke for the first time. “ Ask
him how Senor Francisco learned of your
activities.”

  - Senor Henry’s shoulders and eyebrows
were agitated together. “ How should I
know?”

  “ Did you tell him?” Amy asked di-
rectly.

  He sprang up. “ I did not tell him! I
swear it! You insult me by asking such a
question! ”

  Amy turned to Greg. “ What do you
know?”

  Greg answered coolly: “ He told him,
right enough.”

  “ It’s a lie!” cried Senor Henry, turning
a little yellower than his wont. “ I might
have known who put that idea into your
head. Would you take the word of this
—this cabman, against mine!”

  Greg laughed.

  “ When could he have told him?” Amy
asked Greg.

  “ This afternoon when Senor Francisco
started from the apartment for the train
he met Senor Saunders at the door. Senor
Saunders entered the cab with him, and
they started down-town together. He told
him then. That is why Senor Francisco
came rushing back in the state that you
saw him.”

  The Spanish-American youth fell back.
Rage and fright made his weak face
hideous. A cold sweat had sprung out on
his forehead; his teeth were bared.

  “It’s a lie—a lie!” he repeated. “I
never saw Francisco until afterward. How
do you know so much about my move-
ments?”
334

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I drove the cab,” said Greg simply.

  Senor Henry stared at him speechlessly.

  Amy very quietly started to pull a hand-
some ring from her finger. It was tight;
it did not come easily. Both men watched
the action with a fascinated gaze. She
finally held' out the ring toward Senor
Henry. He refused it with a passionate
gesture. She let it drop on the floor.

  “ Go!” she said.

  He burst out in desperate appeals, re-
proaches, excuses, all in Spanish.

  Amy turned wearily away.

  Greg stood up. “ You’ve had your an-
swer,” he said harshly. “ Go, before you’re
helped out.”

  Senor Henry stopped short, stared from
one to another, biting his lip, then turned
and rushed from the room as violently as
he had entered. They heard the front door
slam behind him.

  Amy covered her face with her hands.

  “I am so ashamed!” she murmured.
“ To think that I could have thought—
even for a moment—that!”

    I-'orget the manikin,” said Greg calmly.
•' Fie means nothing in your life.”

  Greg heard Estuban’s voice in the kitch-
en, and hastened down-stairs. Their eyes
brightened at the sight of each other like
old friends. Estuban quickly explained
that he had been carried as far as Phila-
delphia by the express on which he had
expected to find De Socotra, and had been
obliged to wait there several hours for a
returning train.

“ What has happened here?” he asked.
Quite a bit.” said Greg dryly. “ We’ve
got both the girl and the book out of De
Socotra’s hands. That is to say, we got a
book.”

  “ The little black book!” cried Estuban,
his black eyes gleaming. " Let me see it!”

  Greg handed it over, watching for Es-
tuban’s verdict with more anxiety than he
cared to show.

  Estuban hastily turned the pages. What
Greg read in his face confirmed his worst
fears—amazement, incredulity, anger.

  “This is not it!” he cried. “He has
fooled you! This is an impudent substi-
tute. manufactured out of whole cloth!”

  “ I was half prepared for that,” said
Greg gloomily.

  Estuban went on: “ This is what De
Socotra meant to carry to the President.
Look! Testimonials of respect to his ex-
cellency; addresses of felicitation from
public bodies of every class in Managua—
the Santiago Chamber of Commerce, the
Planters’ Association, and the Rubber-
Gatherers’ Union! The last is a master-
piece; listen:

  “ The Rubber-Gatherers’ Union of Managua,
happy in their situation of a fertile soil under a
liberal government, desire to express to His Ex-
cellency the President of the United States—

  “ Et cetera, et cetera. My God! What
sublime impudence!”

  “ Then our work is still to do,” said Greg
grimly.

  " Do you know where De Socotra is at
this moment?” asked Estuban, with a dan-
gerous glitter in his eyes.

  “ At a house on East Seventeenth Street,
the headquarters of his gang. He got that
book there earlier in the day.”

  “ It was made there under his direction
no doubt, and the original is presumably
there.”

  “ If they have not destroyed it.”

  “ They would scarcely do that unless
they thought it was in danger of falling
into our hands. Think of the handle it
will give them against those who dare
oppose them in Managua. The unfortu-
nate ones who made those affidavits will be
marked men hereafter.”

  “ Greg looked around the kitchen at the
men who were awaiting the outcome of this
talk, and looked back at Estuban. The
corners of his mouth turned up with grim
humor.

  “ Let’s go and get it,” he said suddenly.

  Estuban’s hand shot out to meet Greg’s.

  “ My idea, too,” he said with satisfac-
tion.

  “ We have four good men here,” Greg
went on, “ and a fifth is watching the house
now. With the exception of De Socotra
himself, that gang is not formidable. Their
morale is poor.”

  “ What do you propose?” asked Estu-
ban.
THE OWL TAXI.

335

  “ The simplest plan possible—to get into
the house by force or by trickery, and hold
them up. Are you armed?”

  Estuban nodded.

  “ They got a gun from me on our last
meeting. I’ll see what’s in our outfit here.”
Greg and Estuban were talking low-
voiced in a corner of the kitchen, while
the others waited. All thought of sleep
had been given up for this night. Even
Bessie, infected by the general excitement,
had yielded to their solicitations in so far
as to prepare a small-hour supper. The
clock had just struck three.

  “ Boys,” said Greg, “ are you game to
turn another trick before daylight?”

  “ Try us,” said Bull, grinning.

  “ Me and Blossom was done out of the
best fun before,” said Ginger.

  Greg briefly explained what had to be
done. It appeared that their appetites
were only whetted for danger. They
jumped at the chance. Even Hickey, en-
couraged by the size of the attacking party,
perhaps, did not bewail his fate this time.
It transpired that both Blossom and Bull
possessed revolvers. Greg borrowed Blos-
som’s, and let Bull keep his—unloaded.

  “You won’t mind if I empty out the
shells?” he said. “ Estuban and I feel
that we ought to take the responsibility of
any shooting that may be necessary.”
Bessie, who had taken everything in,
disappeared into the store, and returned
with a small object which she offered Greg.
Said she:

  “ If you’re going to break into the house
—mind, I didn’t say I held by any such
foolishness, but if you’re going to do it,
anyway—better take my glass-cutter. It
may come in handy.”

  “ Bessie, you’ve got a better head than
any of us!” cried Greg; “ or maybe you’re
more experienced in housebreaking.”

  “ Go along with you! Mind you bring
it back safe. I can’t sell window-glass
without something to cut it.”

  When they were ready to start, Greg ran
up-stairs to bid good-by to Amy. He told
her what they designed to do.

  It was at the hour of the night when
human vitality is at its ebb. The plucky
lip trembled.

  “ Must you?” she faltered. “ On top of
everything to-night?”

  “ It must be at once, while he is off his
guard. He does not yet know of your es-
cape.”

“If I c$uld only go, too! But to wait
here in suspense! How can I endure it?”
“Oh, this is a simple job!”

  “ Simple! You don’t know Francisco.”
“ I must go. Send me with a smile.”
She smiled. “ I want you to promise me
something—you mustn’t be angry.”

  Pie looked his question.

  Her eyes searched his deep. “ I want
you to promise me you will not kill Fran-
cisco. I could not have that. After all,
he has cared for me for nine years, and he
is the husband of the one I love.”

  There was more implied in this than was
spoken.

  Greg understood. “ I promise you,” he
said gravely—“ unless it is a question of
defending myself.”

  “ Do not think that I mean to let him
go free,” she said; “ he shall be punished,
terribly punished; but it must be in the way
that I set.”

CHAPTER XXL

UP-STAIRS AND DOWN.

CYVING all cabs at home this time, they
proceeded in couples by different
streets to a rendezvous at the corner
of Stuyvesant Square. Greg and Estuban
walked up Fifth Avenue, then west to the
meeting-place, thus passing the house that
was their objective.

  Their examination of it revealed these
salient facts—there was no light in any
window; the basement windows were pro-
tected by iron bars, the basement door by
an iron gate, while above, before the front
door, heavy oak storm-doors were closed.
In short, an wholly unpromising prospect.

  “ We need an ax to get into this,” said
Estuban dejectedly.

  “ We’ll have to try the rear,” said Greg.

  The question was how to get around to
the back. The whole block presented an
unbroken brick front from First Avenue to
the square.
336

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   At the square they joined the other men
and Pa Simmons, who was there with his
cab. The latter reported that De Socotra
had not left the house.

  “ Damn glad you come,” said he. “ I’m
at the end of my wits, how to M-ep watch-
ing that house without the police force
getting wise to me cab. I watches from
this corner for a while, then runs around
the block and takes a stand down by First.
Then I come back again. But there’s a
cop down there’s got his eye on me already.
I don’t know where to go now.”

  “ You can be our mobile scout,” said
Greg. “ Keep moving. Drive through
this block every minute. We’ll signal you
if we need you.”

  Pa Simmons drove off.

   At the corner where they stood there was
a modern apartment-house. A space of
three feet separated the back wall of this
building from the side wall of the first
dwelling. This crack offered the only dis-
coverable opening into the interior of the
block. As the house they were seeking to
enter was the sixth from the corner, it
meant that they must climb six back fences
to reach it.

   “ Bull, how are you on climbing fences?”

•	asked Greg.

   “ O. K., if somebody will hold me over-
coat.”

  “ Hand it to one of the fellows. Estu-
ban, Bull, and I will go over the fences
and break in the back way. You other
fellows hide yourselves up and down the
block here, but choose places where you
can watch that house. If anybody comes
out, you are to jump on him and frisk him
for the little bfack book, see? If it isn’t
on him, let him go. If we get in the rear
all right, and want your help, one of us
will come to the front door and saw his
arm up and down so, like a semaphore.”
There was a flight of steps down to the
rear basement door of the apartment-house.
A.n eight-foot fence separated the narrow
yard here from the yard of the first dwell-
ing. Greg and Estuban boosted Bull up on
top; Bull from the top and Greg at the
bottom hoisted Estuban up; then the two
already up reached Greg a hand. Once
up, they found the way was easier than

they had expected. There was a longitu-
dinal fence separating the yards of all the
houses on Seventeenth Street from those on
Sixteenth. This fence was topped by a
three-inch plank, along which Greg and
Estuban were able to walk upright. Bull,
less sure-footed, straddled it and hunched
himself along. At one of the back yards
a cautious householder had set his fence
with great spikes against cats or marauders.
Here they had to drop down and go around.
The sky was overcast and it was very dark.
Few lights showed in the back windows.

  They reached the sixth yard at last and
silently dropped to earth. The back of the
house facing them at first glance showed no
gleam of light, but upon looking closer they
saw that the principal room on the second
floor was lighted. In two of the three
windows on this floor cracks of light showed
around the edges of the opaque blinds that
had been pulled down. Two windows and
a door gave on the yard. The windows
were barred, so they could be left open
in hot weather, but the door had no outer
protection, and glass panes had been let in
the upper panels.

  “ Here's where the glass-cutter comes in
handy,” murmured Greg. Good old Bes-
sie! ”

  They wrapped a handkerchief around the
tool to deaden the sound as far as possible.
Nearest to the lock on the door Greg traced,
a square big enough to admit his hand.
There was nothing to do but let the piece
fall inside.

  “ If the sound of it brings them, we’ll
already be in,” said Greg grimly.

  He struck the outlined square a light
blow with his fist, and it tinkled to the
floor within. Thrusting his arm through
the hole, he drew the bolt and turned the
key.

  They stole in. Greg gave his pocket-
light a swift flash around. They were in a
kitchen, a disused kitchen: the range was
gray with dust, the shelves empty.

  “ Wait here a minute till we see if they
were alarmed by the sound.” whispered
Greg. “ Keep on this side away from the
windows.”

  They waited, holding their breaths to
listen. Not a sound was to be heard
THE OWL TAXI.

337

through the dark house except the rats
scurrying behind the plaster.

  Satisfied at length that the broken glass
had passed unnoticed, they proceeded to
investigate their surroundings. Four doors
faced them; two gave on cupboards, the
third on a short passage ending in the front
basement room, while the fourth opened on
the stair hall.

  The other room on this floor was as
empty as the kitchen. Though so far there
was no sign of human usage, they were
struck by the warmth of the house.

  “ They don’t stint them'selves in coal,”
whispered Greg. “ Let’s drop our over-
coats.”

  A door under the stairs gave on steps
leading to the cellar. A gaslight had been
left burning down here. They saw the
furnace that supplied the heat; but there
was no person in the cellar.

  Greg left Bull on guard on the basement
floor. “ If anybody gets past us up-stairs,
don’t let him get by you without frisking
him for the book. If they come too fast
for you, call for help.”

  Greg and Estuban stole up to the main
floor. Two long parlors, front and rear,
opened off the hall. They were dusty and
empty like the rooms below. At the head
of the next flight of stairs a crack of light
showed under a door and a murmur of
voices came down to them.

  Greg whispered to Estuban:

  “ Creep up-stairs and listen. It may be
valuable to us. I’ll call the other men
in.”

  With infinite caution Greg unchained
and unlocked the two sets of doors and
stepped out on the stoop. The block was
empty. But there were eyes out. For
when Greg gave the prearranged signal,
three figures appeared from the shadows
opposite and noiselessly hastened to him.
He drew them inside the house and shut the
doors.

  Hickey was sent to help Bull, because
there were two ways out from the base-
ment to be watched; Blossom was left at
the front door; Greg and Ginger stole on
up and joined Estuban at the turn of the
stairs. Putting his lips to Greg’s ear,
Bfetuban breathed:

    11	A-S

  “ We’re just in time. They’re breaking
up here. There are not more than four
men with De Socotra in there. The rest
have already scattered. He’s giving these
their final instructions now.”

  Greg whispered back: “ Is the door
locked?”

  l’ 1 don’t think so. There’s no key in
the other side. Now that you’re here to
back me up, I’ll try the handle.”

  “ Wait a minute. Front and rear bed-
rooms in -these houses usually communi-
cate. Ginger, go in the front room and
stand guard. Take my flash.”

  Estuban yielded first place to Greg.
Greg tried the door. It gave. Slamming
it open, the two entered the room with their
guns before them.

  “ Hands up, gentlemen!” said Greg.
There were four men; three seated in
various attitudes about a table near the
window, and the fourth, De Socotra, ar-
rested in the act of pacing back and forth.
The table was littered with papers. Sev-
eral valises stood about the floor. The
three sitting men—Abanez and Alfieri were
two of them—flung up their hands without
a sound, as if impelled by an electrical cur-
rent.

  Not so De Socotra. His nerves were un-
der iron control. He actually laughed.

  With his eyes fixed on Greg’s eyes, he
coolly withdrew a cigarette-case from his
waistcoat-pocket, took a cigarette, tapped
it finically on the lid, and stuck it between
his grinning lips. Returning the cigarette-
case, from another pocket he produced a
match, struck it on his shoe, lighted the
cigarette, and flicked the match away.

  “ Ah, our good friend, Mr. Parr, again!”
he said mockingly. “ Really, Mr. Parr,
you ought to be in motion-pictures. Or
perhaps you are. To what do I owe the
pleasure of this call?”

  If he expected to rattle Greg, he mis-
took his man. Greg saw a telltale bulge
over the man’s right breast, and that was all
he wanted.

  Matching the other man’s tone, he said:
“ You’re a remarkable man, Senor de
Socotra. I didn’t want to lose touch with
you. To-night I have brought an old ac-
quaintance of yours with me.”
338

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  De Socotra, for the first time, looked at
Estuban, and his eyes changed. The smile
became a trifle strained, but the voice was
as cool as ever.

  “ Ah, Estuban! How did you get out of
jail?”

  Estuban was incapable of this grim jest-
ing. It was his first sight of the man
responsible for the murder of his best friend,
and his eyes burned.

  He answered De Socotra in Spanish.

  Whatever it was he said, it bit through
the elder man’s veneer of scorn. De Socotra
snarled at him.

  “Put up your hands!” said Greg. “I
shall not tell you again.”

  De Socotra obeyed. But his expression
altered. He looked beyond and between
Greg and Estuban, and suddenly cried:

  “ Seize them both, Milio!”

  In spite of themselves, they looked be-
hind them. Even as he turned, Greg was
half sensible that it was a trick, but the
subconscious impulse was irresistible. There
was no one there, of course. They turned
back.

  De Socotra was in the act of springing
toward an open door in the corner. Like
a flash Estuban’s pistol sought him. Greg
knocked his hand up, and the bullet went
through the ceiling. De Socotra disap-
peared. The other three men, green with
terror, never moved.

  “Keep them covered!” Greg shouted.
“ I’ll get him.”

  He ran out through the hall and into the
front room, crying: “ Hold him. Ginger!”

  But he and Ginger only collided with
each other in the empty room.

  “ He didn’t come this way,” gasped
Ginger.

  At the same moment back in the hall a
door banged open. They ran out. An
open closet door between the two rooms
showed the way he had escaped. There
was no sight or sound of him. There were
two other rooms on the floor—a bath-room,
presumably, and a hall-room—but he had
not had time enough to get a door open
and closed again, nor could he have gone
down-stairs; for there was no sound from
Blossom at the foot.

  At the instant Greg made up his mind

that he had gone up; a small, bright beam
of light flashed athwart the upper flight
and threw a circle on the side wall. From
above a voice said mockingly:

  “ Yes, I’m up here, Mr. Parr. Come on
up. When you cross that light I’ll give
you something to bring with you.”

  The voice did not come from the spot
whence the light issued. Evidently he had
laid his light on the floor and retreated
from it. For an instant Greg hesitated.
Then it came to him what to do. Ex-
tending his body on the steps, pressing
close to the rail where one on the upper
landing could not see him, he snaked his
way up a step at a time until he was
within striking distance of the light. Tak-
ing careful aim, he fired. The light went
out.

  At the same moment he let his body relax
and slid back down the stairs. But no
answering shot came, as he expected. Nor
was there any sound of running feet above.
De Socotra as usual was bluffing. While
the light lay on the floor he had stolen
away. Listening intently, Greg heard some
little sounds from the fourth and top story
of the house. Snatching his light out of
Ginger’s hands, he sprang up the stairs.
Ginger followed at his heels.

  In the hall on the top floor stood a ladder
leading to a scuttle in the roof. They
heard De Socotra upon it working desper-
ately to raise the scuttle. But they were
too quick for him. As they mounted the
last flight he jumped down and ran into
the back room. There all sounds ceased.

  Greg paused at the head of the stairs.
It was a ticklish job to follow an armed
man into a dark room. He tried to figure
out what De Socotra would expect him to
do, so he could do the opposite. He had
left the door open behind him; was it to
tempt Greg in? Greg determined to try
to take him in the rear.

  Leaving Ginger crouching at the turn of
the stairs, he stole along the hall and ever
so carefully opened the door of the front
room. In case his man were inside, he
flashed his light in to draw his fire; but
there was no sound.

  He went in, holding his light off to one
side of his body. The room was empty.
THE OWL TAXI.

339

Absolute silence pressed on the house so
full of men.

  There were two doors in the back wall
of this room. Greg cautiously opened the
first. This floor was planned differently
from the second floor. He found himself
in an extra middle room with a skylight
through which showed the low-hanging
clouds faintly rosy with the reflection of
the city lights.

  Returning, he tried the other door and
found himself in a long closet or passage
leading to the rear. He dared not flash
his light here for fear of giving warning
of his coming. The passage was as black
as Erebus. The heaviness of the air con-
vinced him that it was closed at the other
end. He crept on all fours, feeling with
his hand before him, half-expecting to lay
it on a human figure; half-expecting mo-
mentarily to be met with a blinding flash
and a bullet.

  He was stopped at last by a door which
must lead into the room into which De
Socotra had fled. He listened with his ear
to the crack, but could hear no sound from
the other side. If this door were locked
all his trouble would go for nothing. He
found a match and inserted it carefully in
the keyhole. It passed freely through.
The chances were it was not locked.

  If the man were still in the room there
was no possibility of getting this door open
without giving him warning; so Greg took
no care, but suddenly flung it wide. He
stood back and let his light shine through.
Still it drew no shot.

  Yet De Socotra was in there. Greg
heard him run for the hall door. Greg
sprang after him, but De Socotra got the
door closed before he could prevent, and
Greg heard the key turn in the lock. He
heard Ginger tackle the man as he ran
around through the passage to the front
room.

  Little Ginger was no match for this an-
tagonist. De Socotra must have shaken
him off with ease, for ere Greg could reach
the front-room door, that, too, was
slammed and locked. The middle-room
door was already locked and the key on
the other side. Greg heard De Socotra
vault over the stair rail and run on down.

  Ginger shouted a warning through the
house’to Blossom, and waited to liberate
Greg. This took him a little while* be-
cause De Socotra had tossed away the keys
at random. Greg shouted to Ginger to
open the middle door, but in his excite-
ment Ginger did not get the sense of it.
He struck innumerable matches until he
found the key to the back room.

  Meanwhile De Socotra had leaped down
two flights of stairs unhindered, for Estu-
ban dared not leave the three men he was
covering. On the third flight De Socotra
saw Blossom waiting for him at the foot
and went over the rail. He dropped in
the middle of the hall and ran into one of
the parlors. Here, as Blossom chased him
in and out the different doors, he began !o
shout for help in tones of mock fear.

  These cries were too much for Bull and
Hickey on the floor below. Locking the
doors at which they respectively stood
guard, they sprang up to the parlor floor.
This was evidently what De Socotra want-
ed. He led them all a chase through the
dark rooms. They collided with each
other, and wasted their strength in vain
struggles, thinking they had the fugitive.
When he saw the way clear, De Socotra
ran on down the basement stairs.

  By this time Greg and Ginger reached
the first floor.- They heard De Socotra
running wildly back and forth in the base-
ment below. Bull and Hickey had had the
foresight to pocket the keys of the two
doors and he could not get out. All the
windows in the basement were barred. As
Greg leaped down the basement stairs,
with the other men tumbling after, he
heard the cellar door bang open. There
was no way out of the cellar except by the
coal-hole.

  “ We’ve got him now!” he cried.

  He was well assured that if De Socotra
had had a gun he would have used it be-
fore this, and he followed unhesitatingly.
At the head of the next stair he heard the
furnace door clang, and his heart sunk like
a stone. The gaslight in the cellar was still
burning brightly. De Socotra stood by
the furnace stroking his mustache, panting
a little, but smiling still. His hands were
empty.
340

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Disregarding him for the moment, Greg
flung open the furnace door. On the bed
of cherry-red coals the little black book
was already furiously blazing. A hand
thrust in to rescue it would have been
shriveled to the bone. There was no suit-
able tool handy. Greg had the inexpres-
sible mortification of seeing it fall apart
and dissolve in the flames. An involun-
tary groan broke from him. De Socotra
laughed.

  Greg flung around furiously, his gun up.
“ Damn you! I ought to shoot you like a
dog, you murderer!” he cried.

  “ But you won’t,” said De Socotra
coolly.

  It was true Greg’s pistol arm was ren-
dered impotent, but not as De Socotra
thought because he was intimidated. He
turned away gritting his teeth.

  The other men were crowding into the
narrow cellar, staring open-mouthed at De
Socotra, and waiting for a signal from
Greg how to act. After them came Estu-
ban, who had by this time succeeded in
searching and disarming the three men,
and had locked them in their room on the
second floor.

  “ Where is the book?” cried Estuban.

  “ Burned up,” said Greg heavily.

  Estuban was hampered by no promise
to spare their adversary. His gun went
up. Springing forward, Greg flung his
arms about him. They struggled, while
their men looked on, at a loss how to act.
No one noticed that De Socotra had ma-
neuvered his position until he now stood
under the gas-light. His hand shot over
his head, and they were plunged in black-
ness. Before he could be stopped De So-
cotra gained the stairs. Trying to follow
him, they jammed helplessly together. He
slammed the door at the top and locked it.

  With their combined weight it was only
a moment or two before they burst it out.
But De Socotra was already half-way up
through the house. They reached the top
floor to find the scuttle open to the sky.
There was no sign of him up and down the
roofs.

  Greg reluctantly called off the pursuit.
“ We’ll only rouse the neighborhood. He
has some way of retreat known to himself.

Let the last man through hook the scuttle
so he can’t come back this way.”

  They left the three Spanish-Americans
to make their way out as best they could.
If De Socotra failed to return to their aid,
they could always throw up the windows
and call on the neighbors. It would be up
to them to explain how they came to be in
such a plight.

  It was a dejected little crowd that made
its way back through the dark, cold streets
to Bessie Bickle’s. Estuban was furiously
angry at being balked of his purpose.

  “ Why did you stop me?” he cried.

  Greg was not quite frank in replying.
“ I couldn’t help myself,” he said. “ Rich-
ly as he deserved it, I couldn’t stand by
and let you shoot down an unarmed man.

  “ We’ll never get him now,” muttered
Estuban, and relapsed into a sullen silence.

  Greg’s own state of mind was not an en-
viable one. To be so nearly successful
and then have his man flout him to his
face, and get away laughing—it was too
much! His heart burned in his breast.
Promise or no promise, he knew there
would be no peace in life for him until he
had squared accounts with that smiling
scoundrel.

  As soon as they opened the kitchen door
they saw from Bessie’s pale face and
shaken manner that something fresh had
happened on this night of nights.

  Thinking -of Amy, Greg’s breast wrent
cold. What is it?” he demanded.

  The answer relieved his worst fears.
“ He’s gone,” stammered Bessie. “ The
Spaniard up-stairs.”

  “ Dead?” said Greg, astonished.

  “ Aye, he’s dead all right. I went up
just now to have a look at him. He’s ly-
ing there,” Bessie shuddered. “ I left him
till you come.”

  “ And Amy?”

  “ She’s all right. Asleep. She don’t
know.”

  “ Send one of the boys for the doctor,”
said Greg. “ I’ll go up alone first.”

  The light in Greg’s room was still burn-
ing. De Silva was lying on his back on
the bed, his eyes open and staring. Small
wonder Bessie had been frightened. One
arm hung down over the edge of the bed,
THE OWL TAXI.

341

the hand lying palm upward and open on
the floor. A little bright object had rolled
from the nerveless fingers. Greg picked it
up; a hypodermic needle.

  On the bureau its case lay open. Be-
sides the bed for the needle it held space
for a vial of some blackish fluid; no doubt
a further supply of the poison that killed
with a lightning stroke. Under the little
shagreen case was a folded paper addressed
in pencil to “ Gregory Parr.” Greg opened
it with fingers that trembled a little and
read:

   I kept the needle. I ought to have used it first,
but it takes nerve to jab yourself. It was easier
to jump overboard. I can use it now. When we
started for New York, the old man gave me a
little book to carry. Important papers were
bound in it. I never read them. They were made
out in duplicate. He carried one set and gave me
the other. I meant to give them to De Socotra,
but I didn't want to after. I didn't know what
to do with it. I hid myself in a cheap little
hotel the day after, the Alpha House, West Broad-
way. I had room No. 19. I slit the mattress
and hid the book in the stuffing. I suppose it’s
there yet, if you want it.

De Silva.

  The reaction from discouragement to
hope was sudden. Greg had to read the
note twice before he realized what it
meant. He resisted his first impulse to
shout the joyful tidings down to Estuban.
Better not raise his hopes until the prize
was actually in hand. Greg scarcely gave
another thought to what lay on the bed.
This discovery dwarfed the importance
of the poor wretch’s end. Five o’clock of
a winter’s morning though it was, he could
not rest a minute before going in search of
the little book. He put the needle in the
case and the case in his pocket, and de-
termined to keep his own counsel for the
time being. If the doctor was . willing to
issue a death certificate without full infor-
mation, so much the better.

  To those in the kitchen he merely said:
“ I have to go out for an hour. If the
doctor says all right, send for the under-
taker. Hickey, drive me over to West
Broadway, will you?”

  Within the time he had set Greg was
back with shining eyes. In the kitchen
the disconsolate crowd sat much as he had

left them. Ginger and Blossom slept with’
their heads. on the table. Bull and Pa
Simmons were talking in whispers by the
window. Bessie moved heavily around on
her interminable chores. Beyond the stove
sat Estuban in an attitude of utter dejec-
tion, elbows on knees, and head between
his hands. At the noise of Greg’s entrance
he lifted his lack-luster eyes. Seeing
Greg’s beaming smile a resentful scowl
lined his brows.

  “ You seem well-pleased with yourself,”
he muttered.

  Greg, without saying anything, held up
the little black book before him. Estuban
gasped and hung undecided for a moment.
Then springing toward Greg he snatched
it from his hands, and scanned the pages
with burning eyes.

  “ This is it!” he cried. “ Thank God!
We have him now!”

CHAPTER XXII.

NEMESIS.

ON the afternoon of the day following
these events, Amy and Greg alight-
ed from the flivver at the door of
the Stickney Arms. Their pale, composed
faces masked a great inner excitement, for
they knew that Francisco de Socotra was
at home. It had been Amy’s idea thus
boldly to beard him in his lair. Ever since
she had got up that morning the direction
of affairs had been in her hands. Greg
looked at the little creature with a new
wonder and respect.

  The hall-boy, Frank, received them with
a broad grin not unmixed with slyness.
The new clothes that Bessie had got Amy
made her look like a bride, perhaps. Clear-
ly Frank’s explanation of this visit was
that they were returning, married, for the
parental blessing. Therefore he looked
both disappointed and puzzled when they
sent up their names: Miss Wilmot and
Mr. Parr. Word was quickly returned
that they were to be shown up.

  A new maid opened the door to them,
to whom they meant nothing. They were
ushered into the handsome living-room of
the apartment where Senor and Senora de
342

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Socotra were both waiting. Amy was
quickly received into the other woman’s
arms, who patted her and wept and bab-
bled incoherently. De Socotra, whatever
his feelings were, received them with a
happy parential smile that was perfection.
His welcome included Greg. Not by the
slightest sign did he betray any conscious-
ness of the events of the night before.

  Greg thought grimly: “ He feels that he
can afford to smile since the body of his
victim is reduced to ashes, and the damn-
ing evidence of the little black book de-
stroyed, too. Wait a bit, old fellow!”
While Amy and Senora de Socotra mur-
mured together, Senor Francisco made
bland remarks on the weather, his wicked
eye twinkling at Greg as if to invite him to
enjoy the situation. He offered Greg one
of the incomparable cigars. Greg reflect-
ing that all this was for the benefit of the
gentle, kindly little lady, took it.

  “ Last night I pointed a gun at him, and
to-day he comes back with a cigar,” he
thought. “Life’s a funny affair!”

  Amy said to Greg deprecatingly: “I am
lying to her, poor dear! I am telling her
that I was so much better to-day that they
allowed me to come out for a little while
in your care.”

  “Admirable!” murmured De Socotra.
Sehora de Socotra shyly nodded and
smiled at Greg, and said something to Amy
that was evidently intended to be repeated
to him. There was a charming, childlike
quality in the little lady that was wholly
irresistible.

  Amy said: “ She asks your pardon that
she cannot speak your language. She
wishes me to thank you for taking such
good care of me.”

  “ She thinks you’re one of the keepers,”
chuckled De Socotra.

  Through Amy, Greg made his best com-
pliments to Sehora de Socotra.

  Amy soon rose to go. Her adoptive
mother clung to her piteously, and would
not let her go until Amy promised to re-
turn the next day, “ perhaps to stay.” De
Socotra accompanied them into the hall,
expecting, no doubt, to learn there the real
object of this call. Nor was he disap-
pointed.

  “ Francisco,” said Amy coldly, “ it is
necessary that Mr. Parr and I discuss with
you what is to be done.”

  “ Come into my room,” said De Soco-
tra.

  “ No, we cannot talk here while mama
knows we are still in the house. We want
you to come to us in Gibbon Street.

  De Socotra elevated his fine eyebrows.
“ That would be thrusting my head into
the lion’s mouth!” he said humorously.

  “ Are you afraid?” taunted Amy.

  “ My dear, the bravest man has to exer-
cise ordinary prudence or the days of his
bravery would be few!”

  “ Mr. Parr saved your life twice last
night.”

  “ Another time he might not be so for-
tunate.”

  “ Francisco, I pledge you my word that
no harm will come to you while you. are
there, and that you will be allowed to go
as freely as you come.”

  De Socotra looked at Greg.

  “ I add my word to Miss Wilmot’s,” said
Greg stiffly. “ Moreover, there is no ob-
jection to your bringing any friend or
friends with you, as many as you like.”

  “ But if I still feel obliged to decline
this charming invitation,” said De Soco-
tra mockingly.

  “ You will not decline it,” said Amy.

  “ Why will I not?”

  “ Because in that case I will be obliged
to tell mama the whole truth about what
has happened. I am taking all this trou-
ble for the sake of sparing her. If you will
not help me in that, then affairs must take
their course, regardless of consequences.”
“ What affairs?” asked De Socotra with
a great parade of innocence.

  “ What is the use of making pretences
among us three. We know, and you know
that we know.”

  “ But no one else knows,” was the smil-
ing reply. “ And there is no proof in ex-
istence.”

  “ You don’t know what proof we have.
Come to Mrs. Bickle’s house and we will
lay our case before you. You can then
decide whether or not you care to accept
the conditions that we lay down.”

  De Socotra hesitated. Bravado and
THE OWL TAXI.

343

simple curiosity struggled with the man's
sense of prudence. Above all, he was a
gamester.

  “ When do you want me to come?”

  “ It is four now. We will expect you
between five and six.”

  “ Very well, I’ll be there.’’

  Upon the stroke of half past five De
Socotra drove up to Bessie Bickle’s in a
taxicab. He made the man wait. Amy
and Greg met him at the front door. He
came alone.

  “ You are a bold man, Francisco,” said
Amy.

  Amy had changed to a black dress which
set off the unrelieved pallor of her skin
like alabaster. The little creature now
had a consecrated air like a priestess that
added inches to her stature. Greg, who
was wretchedly ill at ease, regarded her
with a kind of awe. She was the leader
now. A strange hush brooded over the
little house. The shutters of the store
were up.

  Amy led the way up-stairs. De Socotra,
notwithstanding his pretended assurance,
was impressed by the change in her dress
and manner. All the way up he talked
lightly to conceal his uneasiness.

  “ What an odd retreat you have chosen!
I thought we should never get here. My
chauffeur had never heard of Gibbon
Street, nor any one else, for that matter.
What shocking streets we came through.
Picturesque, though, if one cares for that
sort of thing.”

  No one paid the slightest attention to
this babble. At 'the head of the stairs Amy
opened the door of Bessie’s bedroom and
passed in. De Socotra was still talking as
he followed her. Greg was behind him.

  “ Houston Street reminded me of Rome
in Juvenal’s day, with its—”

  The sentence was caught up in a gasp.
It was never completed. Bessie’s room
had been transformed into a little mortu-
ary chapel. Everything in it had been re-
moved, and the walls hung from ceiling to
floor in grim black draperies. The effect
was startling in the extreme; it had been
designed to startle. In the center of the
room, the sole object it contained, rested a

plain black coffin on a severely draped bier.
Six tall candles stood about the head light-
ing the face of the corpse strangely. It
was the face of De Silva; peaceful, waxen,
and faintly yellow.

  Greg, fascinated, watched De Socotra.
Amy disdained to look at him. Her gaze
was bent like Nemesis on the poor clay.
De Silva’s face showed a dignity it had
never known in life. One saw the man he
might have been. Stilled now ^yas the wild
spirit that had been touched too late by
kindness.

  De Socotra’s bronzed face turned gray,
and a network of tiny dark veins showed
under his skin. One realized the man’s
age. He breathed like something hurt,
but kept his back straight, and his gaze
never faltered from the dead man’s face.

  “ Where did you—where did you—” he
began twice, but did not finish.

  Amy, without speaking, pointed to a
note pinned on De Silva’s breast. De So-
cotra, seeing that he was expected to read
it, came forward. His nostrils twitched,
a pained look showed deep in his eyes;
one guessed that it afflicted him with nau-
sea to approach the body of his hired as-
sassin, but his iron will was not yet broken.
He stooped, and in the light of the candles
began to read with a sneer. It was the
note De Silva had left for Greg.

  As he realized what it implied, De So-
cotra sharply straightened, and for an in-
stant looked wildly around like a trapped
creature. But he quickly controlled him-
self. He turned his back on the coffin.

  “ So this is your proof,” he said, and
God knows what effort it cost him to bring
it out so nonchalantly; “ but he’s dead,
too! ”

  “ Follow me,” said Amy.

  She opened the door that communicated
with Bessie’s parlor. An overpowering
breath of sweetness was wafted forth. She
passed in. De Socotra followed to the
door, walking steadily, but with a gait
somewhat stiffer than his wont. At the
door he put out a hand to steady himself.
His eyes looked wildly around the next
room, and he chew back a little as if his
flesh refused to be subjected to a further
horror.
344

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  This room, too, was a resting-place of
the dead—but with a difference. Great,
many-branched candlesticks stood around
this rich bier, flooding the room with a
pale gold light. Roses pink and white and
red were everywhere; sheaves of roses
heaped on the coffin and strewn on the
pall.

  Amy’s expression was very different as
she stood beside this bier. She was still a
marble woman, but it was a marble' head
of grief. Her hands involuntarily went to
her breast. She gazed down, oblivious
alike to De Socotra and to Greg. Greg
looked at her and experienced the mean-
ing of adoration.

  De Socotra’s horror-stricken eyes were
fixed on the ceiling. Anon they darted
frantically from side to side like rats
threatened by fire. In the end he had to
look. His eyes were dragged in agony to
the dead man’s face. A groan was forced
from the bottom of his breast. At that
moment the debonair scoundrel’s spirit
broke. His head fell forward, his limp
arms dropped to his sides.

  He saw the face of Antonio Bareda
beautiful in death. The lips seemed to be
on the point of breaking into the old
friendly smile; there was a slight lift to
the eyebrows that suggested light and hu-
mor lurking behind the lowered lids. The
wrinkles of age were all smoothed out.
The happy warrior slept the long sleep.

  “ Come closer,” said Amy remorselessly.

  The broken man had no thought but to
obey. He approached the coffin’s foot on
sinking knees. The change in his face was
shocking. He saw that the dead man held
clasped in his hands the little black book
in which was bound up “ the happiness of
a whole people,” but De Socotra regarded
that indifferently now.

  He whispered hoarsely: “ It is enough.
I understand you.” Turning, he made his
way toward the hall door like a man strug-
gling against a crushing power; like a
swimmer at the last gasp.

  “Wait!” said Amy.

  Reaching him, she held out the little
shagreen case. “ Something of yours that
I wish to return to you,” she said with
dreadful meaning.

  Greg shuddered. De Socotra dropped
the case in his pocket.

  At the foot of the stairs he paused again.
Without looking at Amy he murmured:
“ Will you come back—and stay with
mama?”

  “ If I do not find Bianca there.”

  “ I shall send her away at once.”

  “ Very well, I shall be there to-night.”
When the door closed behind him Greg
burst out: “ You cannot go! It is too hor-
rible! ”

  “ It must be gone through with,” she
murmured.

  Early next morning, Greg, who had
paced his room the night through, received
the expected summons. Francisco de So-
cotra had been found dead in his bed.
Heart-failure, the doctor said. How
should he have noticed the tiny needle-
prick on the man’s throat? The needle it-
self had been destroyed before he came.

  Senora de Socotra was a piteous figure.
Later in the day she insisted on seeing
Greg to thank him for his kindness at so
dreadful a moment in a strange land.
Overwhelming as was her grief, there was
no bitterness in it. She spoke of it as sim-
ply as a child. Amy, with the tears run-
ning down her cheeks, translated for Greg.

  “ If you could have known him as I
knew him! So good a man, so kind and
true! Like a knight of olden times; my
knight! I could not live without him,
did I not feel that he had left me a work
to do. He has left a great fortune, they
tell me. Every penny of it shall I devote
to good works in his memory! If I cannot
be happy I can at least find peace in build-
ing a worthy memorial to his dear name.”
When they left her, Amy said: “ You
understand now why I acted as I did?”

  “ I understand,” Greg said.

CHAPTER XXIII.

CONCLUSION.

THE news of the deaths respectively
of Antonio Bareda and Francisco de
Socotra reached Managuay simul-
taneously. Many surmises were given rise
THE OWL TAXI.

345

to, but the truth never became known—or
at least it was never published. The
bodies of the two citizens arrived on the
same ship, and their funerals were held
on the same day.

  Little inconvenience was thereby caused,
for there were few in Managuay who de-
sired to attend both ceremonies. One cor-
tege was followed by the rich and the great
whose sleek countenances bore the conven-
tional expressions of grief; while behind
the other followed on foot an endless pro-
cession of the weeping poor.

  De Socotra’s wife and adopted daughter
brought his body home, and on the day
following the funeral, Senora de Socotra,
in memory of her husband, presented to
the republic the magnificent estate of Casa
Grande with its famous Jardin des Plantes,
to be held in perpetuity for the benefit of
the people. Sehora de Socotra and Miss
Wilmot (as the younger lady was there-
after to be known), then departed for
Paris to arrange for the magnificent mau-
soleum that the widow designed to erect.

  The simultaneous deaths of these two
men left Managuay’s political situation
very unsettled. The government, deprived
of its strong men who had ruled for so long
from behind the curtain, scarcely knew
where it stood; the people having lost their
champion, were too apathetic to take ad-
vantage of the government’s weakness.
For a while things went on outwardly as
before. Then it became known that the
United States minister, a well-meaning,
weak soul, who had been an involuntary
tool in the hands of the exploiters of Ma-
naguay, had been recalled, and one Greg-
ory Parr appointed in his place.

  When in due course Mr. Parr arrived,
the people were surprised by his youth.
He brought with him as secretary a Ma-
naguayan, Mario Estuban, and the poor
people took heart. On the occasion of his
first call on the President of Managuay,
Mr. Parr displayed a knowledge of the in-
ternal affairs of the republic that appalled
the functionary. Further, Mr. Parr made
certain representations that resulted in the
hasty resignation of the president and his
entire government, and a new election was
called.

  During the interim influential gentle-
men, both Managuayan and American,
called on the United States minister, and
it was rumored that heated interviews took
place. The minister remained polite and
unyielding. At the same time currents
that were set in motion in Washington to
have him removed failed of their effect.

  As election day drew near a United
States cruiser made a visit of courtesy to
the harbor of Managuay. The sailors were
received with the wildest enthusiasm by
the crowds. She remained until after the
event. No armed force was landed; her
mute presence in the harbor was sufficient.
For the first time in years the Managuay-
ans voted as they pleased. A truly popu-
lar and representative government was re-
turned, which promptly got down to the
work of correcting the abuses of the former
regime. Curiously enough, business was
not ruined as had been so freely prognos-
ticated. Dividends continued to be paid
while the workers sang at their work.
Capitalists discovered in Managuay as
elsewhere that oppression did not even pay.

  Toward the end of the winter, Senora
de Socotra and Miss Wilmot returned to
Santiago de Managuay.

  Amidst the misty verdure of the Jardin
des Plantes, under the great moon of the
tropics, sauntered a happy pair.

  “ When did you start loving me, Greg?”
“ When you touched my arm outside the
garage, and asked me if that was my car.”
“ But I was in boy’s clothes then.”

  “ My heart told me you were not a boy.
When did you start loving me?”

  “ On the way home in the cab from
Bessie’s when we quarreled so violently.

I	cried all night.”

  “ Oh-o! Then the way to reach your
heart is by quarreling with you!”

  “ Oh, it wouldn’t work now. I see
through you too well! ”

  “ I love to have you see through me!
How sweet it is to have you laugh at me
and love me still!”

  “ I like to have you love me, but I’m
not sure that I like to be laughed at.
Perhaps you can teach me to laugh at my-
self.”
346

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 “ I don’t want you any different. It’s
 such fun to tease you, red-head!”

 “ I’ll bleach my hair!”

 “ You couldn’t bleach your red-headed
 nature!”

 “ What became of the old flivver, Greg?”
 “ I brought it with me.”

 “ Brought it with you?”

 “ Yes, and Hickey. I intended to sur-
 prise you. Hickey had a longing to travel.
 He is now driving Taxi No. i in Santiago,
 and learning Spanish in the mornings.
 When the old car will no longer run we’il
 build a little private museum for her in
 our back yard. When we get old we’ll go
 look at it together and remind each other
 of the brisk days of our youth.”

 “ We’ll never grow old inside anyway.”
 “ Amy, dear, one thing troubles me.”

 “ What is that?”

 “ De Socotra’s money.”

 “ It was all left to mama.”

(The

   “ But I suppose it will come to you in
time. Hew could we take it?”

   “ I have thought of that. We needn’t
take it if you will help me lie once more
and for the last time.”

  “ How?”

   " I have been trying to persuade mama
to buy herself a sufficient annuity and then
devote all the rest to philanthropic works.
She objects that she must make provision
for me. But if we allow her to think that
you have sufficient—”

   “ I see. I haven’t a cent, you know,
really, except the salary of a minor post
in the diplomatic service. Aren’t you
afraid sometimes?”

  “ Never! My dearest dear! I know
you will win a proper place in the world
for you and me!
ing.”

   “ Oh. I do love you!”

   “ I love you sc!”
 end.)

 It’s fun to begin on noth-

                U

CONCERNING THE BRINGING
UP OF MOTHERS

          by“'lyon mearson

                   'T'HEY did not wear short skirts, my dear,

                 *	When mother was a girl;

                   And stockings—they were not so sheer
                   When mother was a girl;

                   We’ve had an earful of the way
                   They dressed in that forgotten day,

                   A modest set of maids were they,

                    When mother was a girl.

                    They never saw a lady’s back,

                   When mother was a girl;

                    A dress was fashioned like a sack,

                   When mother was a girl;

                   For maidens then were mostly prim,

                    They never flashed an ankle trim
                    (No lady had a nether limb)

                    When mother was a girl.

                     Ah, well, the seasons pass, my dear,

                    Like blossoms on life’s bough,

                     The clothes that seem so nifty here,

                   They never would allow
                   In former years, yet spare your tears,

                  For mother wears ’em now.
h[ear(’ to IteeirTTeJIg

B\j tfve Editor

 “ rpHE glory that was Greece and the grandeur that was Rome ” are scarcely more
 than tantalizing phrases or hazy images for most of us. Yet every lad who
 JL left a high school with a graduation certificate knows Athens and Rome were
 the outstanding citadels of classic culture and an ancient civilization. And Greece sur-
 passed Rome as an original masterpiece surpasses a copy, however brilliant.

     As long as men continue to revere beauty and esteem reason Hellenistic art and
 literature will remain the mountain-tops of human achievement. Colleges may dis-
 pense with languages, but life can never wholly transcend the classics or the classic
 spirit. Even in a good translation, Greek literature, however, must remain for most
 of us an unexplored country. To make the Greek playwrights or the Attic philoso-
 phers intelligible, much less palatable, considerable training and a certain scholarship
 are necessary.

     In offering next week’s new serial, we feel we have accomplished an original thing
 in fiction publication, and put All-Story Weekly readers in possession of the magic
 wand that will lift the curtain that protects the treasure-trove of ancient Greece.
 This story more definitely approximates the Greek attitude toward life than any
 modern work of fiction we could name, and the author is a ripe scholar, whose work is
 shot through with Greek feeling and beauty.

DAUGHTER OF LYSSA

BY B. J. R. STOLPER

 will lift you out of the whirl and welter of the present and transport you to the magic
 simplicities of a world where machinery and conventional morality were as unknown as
 electricity and steam. Professor Stolper is more than a fascinating writer; he is a
 classic authority as well, and his story is more than a meretricious imitation of an
 ancient model or an historical caricature—it is a living embodiment of the native
 Greek spirit in all its tragic intensity, in all its passionate beauty.

     In advance we must warn you this is not a modern romance, and conforms to none
 of the romantic gestures of the modern story. Always in the offing of the Grecian
 mind Fate loomed large, a portentous menace. The tragic note was dominant in
 Grecian drama. Stolper’s story rings true to his Greek models.

     We await with no little curiosity your comments on a piece of work which we
 think stands out because of its sheer beauty and pure tragedy. Mya and Poias will
 not disarm all criticism, but we much mistake our public if the discriminating reader
 and the seeker after “ something new ” do not both agree they have found it (after
 reading the first of the four instalments) in next week’s All-Story Weekly.

             &	v*

 TO write of things as they are—to hold the haps that is why there are so few really great
 mirror up to nature and reproduce in cold realists. The roster of romanticists and idealists
 type what is there reflected—is one of the most is much longer. But there is another branch of
 difficult tasks in the profession of letters. Per- the craft that requires quite as much effort and a

347
*

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

348

very special type of genius. This is the school
that, taking a theme beyond ordinary human
knowledge, an—to the ordinary mind—impossible
or at least improbable situation, makes it seem to
the reader a vivid, vital reality. In other words,
they make the incredible plausible. Such a story
is our novelette for next week—

FIRES REKINDLED

      BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE

Anthor of "Doris Dances,” “Absolute Evil,”

"The Cosmic Courtship.” etc.

  It deals with the amazing experiences of a
young American who, visiting London on some
genealogical research, finds in a most common-
place and matter-of-fact lodging-house an aston-
ishing adventure in— But it is a story that must
be read in its entirety to get its full force, and
any explanations here would only weaken it. One
week from to-day you will get it.

J*	•.**	JX

  There is a romance and fascination in the
lives of men who do the real, hard, vital work of
the world—railroaders, sailors, miners, construc-
tion men—the real toilers. And in few fields of
human endeavor is there more drama—some-
times tragedy—than in mining, be it mining for
coal or iron or gold or diamonds. In our next
issue you will find a story by Octavus Roy Cohen,
“THE BABOON'S SISTER,'’ that has for its
background a mining-camp in Alabama. The
characters are three strong men—strong in differ-
ent ways—and a girl, the sister of a miner. It
has all the tenseness and gripping interest that we
have learned to expect to find in a Octavus Roy
Cohen story.

          J*

  Listen. We wanna say right here that they is
a story in next week's issue of this here, now,
magazine that you wanna read, “ PLAY PER-
SISTENCE ” is its monniker. If it ain't funny
an’ everythin', nothin' ain't. It's some story, be-
lieve us, Camilla. We'll tell the world it is.
What's the, now, author’s name? You've
guessed it, boys, we'll say you have—Samuel G.
Camp.

 “SMUDGED NAMES," by Maxwell Smith,
in next week's magazine, is an intensely gripping
story that will hold your attention from the first
sentence to the last. Not a superfluous word
mars the inevitable drama which the author, with
singular insight and much understanding, stages
for All-Story Weekly readers. This story is
bound to increase the prestige of an author who
has already “ made good ” with his constantly
growing public.

   ■jt *8* &

  We take it you will give a warm welcome to
the story, “HIS LORDSHIP ROLLS THE

BONES,” in next week’s magazine when we tell
you that the author, Leonard Wise, was with the
American army in France, and has but recently
returned to this country. From internal evidence,
we would be led to believe, a good many of the
American E. F. have seen life as well as fighting.
& &

SEQUEL TO “PALOS OF THE DOG STAR
PACK ”

To the Editor:

  Well, I suppose my subscription has about ex-
pired, and I just can’t afford to miss one number
of the clear old All-Story Weekly, so am send-
ing one dollar for three months’ subscription
again, and I am going to start me an All-Story
Weekly reading-room. I have one year's sub-
scription complete, and am going to save every
copy to place in my All-Story Weekly library,
and then in a few years it will be a great pleasure
to me to go in and take an easy chair and read
the splendid stories again that I now so much
enjoy. One old gentleman told me “ he never
got the real meaning of a book till he read it
the second time.”

  “ Misery Mansions ” is one of the grandest
stories I ever read. Yes, I, too, would like a
sequel to “The Untamed,” also “The Texan”;
also one novelette I sure would like to see a sequel
to, “ The Girl in the Golden Atom,” as I don’t
think the author treated us fair. Would like to
see another story by Giesy and another Tarzan
story. 1 am not very strong, and so spend a great
deal of my time reading; but I enjoy the dear old
All-Story Weekly more than all other maga-
zines combined. I loaned a great many of them
two years ago, and lots of them I never received
again; so I don’t like to lend them, only to some
true lover of books, one that appreciates the All-
Story Weekly as I do. I got the Ali.-Story
Weekly fever (and a pretty bad case, 1 assure
you) the first winter I spent in Florida, and it is
now included among the household necessities, as
something that cannot be done without. Oh, say!
I also would like to see a sequel to “ Palos of the
Dog Star Pack.” With the best wishes to the
All-Story Weekly and its readers, I remain,

Mrs. Lou Baker.

  Cumberland Furnace, Tennessee.

  Note: Mrs. Baker will be glad to learn that
Dr. Giesy has recently completed a sequel to
“ Palos of the Dog Star Pack,” which will be
published early this summer.

LIKES “THE REBEL SOUL” AND SEQUEL

To the Editor:

  Really there is little use to procrastinate longer
when I know full well that eventually I will
write. The All-Story Weekly is the strongest
little magazine I know, and I am an inveterate
and promiscuous reader of magazines generally.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

349

One week recently I was very much annoyed to
find that every news-stand in Battle Creek had
sold out of the All-Story Weekly, and I had to
go clear to Kalamazoo to get one. I wanted very
much to know what became of Whistling Dan,
you see. Just now I am down deep in Austin
Hall's “ Into the Infinite.” That man cer-
tainly has an enviable wealth of imagination.
“ The Rebel Soul ” appealed to me very strongly
—back in IQ17, wasn’t it? (June 30, 1917.) In
fact I was so deeply impressed I tried for a while
to become a rebel. Needless to say, I fizzled.
But I am like Roselle; I refuse to listen to any-
thing uncomplimentary about George Wither-
spoon. I want to say I admire your faculty of
selecting manuscripts that “ carry a wallop," and
that the All-Story Weekly is the only magazine
I can read from cover to cover without finding
fault. Success to you, and may your “ eagle eye ”
never dim while you retain the power of choice of
stories.	J. P. Robinson.

  Battle Creek, Michigan.

THINKS TEX AND WHISTLING DAN
HAPPIER UNMARRIED

To the Editor:

  Guess I’ve got a right to say a few words in
praise of the All-Story Weekly, the greatest and
best little magazine on the market. I have been
a reader for over three years, and I can say that
I like all your stories, for they are clean and don’t
run on the same lines as in some magazines. We,
the All-Story Weekly readers, are privileged
characters—read a little of everything, believe me.

  Now, about two stories I read lately, “ The
Texan " and “ The Untamed.” Some people, it
seems, didn’t like the way they ended; but say,
why condemn the poor fellows, Tex and Whistling
Dan Burry, to a married life? (Don’t laugh, Mr.
Editor. I am not married and never was, and
you probably are.) Tex and Whistling Dan are
too good to be tied down to a married life; so let
the poor fellows alone to enjoy life a while. No
doubt some heroes deserve to be married, but
those two don’t. I myself hate to see a good man
go under, and Tex and Dan are good. Doesn't it
get monotonous to know that when you start to
read a story, the poor hero is going to get it in
the end? That is why I like Dumas; he did not
marry all his heroes in the end. So let the good
work go on, and let some of these poor heroes
enjoy life a little longer, I say.

  Abdullah is one of your best writers; wish you
wouldn’t let any of his stories get away. “ Master
of the Hour ” was one of the best stories I ever
read. I am reading “ Into the Infinite.” It sure
is great. Nothing more to say, only that I haven’t
missed a number of the All-Story Weekly for
three years, and the only time I will, will be when
I can read no more, for the All-Stoby Weekly
is the one and only for me.

 Chicago, Illinois.	W. C. L.

“THE BEST AT ANY PRICE”

To the Editor:

  “ The Conquest of the Moon Pool ’’ is the first
story in any magazine which I immediately re-
read upon completion. Mr. Merritt has so clever-
ly used scientific facts and theories of the forma-
tion of the earth and earth life in the explanation
of phenomenal plants and beings and their en-
vironment in his “ different ” story that it seemed
perfectly realistic and possible. The descriptions
are wonderfully beautiful. The humor in the
character of Larry brightens the story throughout;
It is a perfectly “ satisfactory ” story—all things
explained without pedantry, and ended consistent-
ly. I do not like to see the All-Story Weekly
quoted as “ the best magazine of its price.” It is
the finest fiction magazine at any price. Its very
reasonable price cannot be taken as an indica-
tion of its contents, but as an indication of its
tremendous circulation and of the fact mentioned
by S. S. McClure, that it is a magazine “ which
does not spend as much money on the cost of
paper as it does in good judgment in selecting its
contents."

  “ The Labyrinth ” is especially good; its origin-
ality is refreshing; its humor exquisite. I very
much liked “ On the Spur of the Moment ” and
“The Blue Jay,” as well as all of the Roxy
Malone stories. “Who Wants a Green Bottle?”
is unusually gripping. I like Herman Howard
Mattcson's stories. “ Janie Frete, Intruder,” is
the best of the Janie Frete series. I thoroughly
enjoyed “ Allatambour ” and “ Pug-ly-gug-lo.” I
I am now interested in reading “ Children of
Night" and “ Misery Mansions.” I liked “ A
Good Indian" and “ The Grouch," but never
read E. J. Rath’s slap-stick comedies like “Too
Many Crooks,” et cetera.

Mrs. Fred M. Staples.

  Woodfords, Maine.

SEE ALL-STORY WEEKLY FOR AUGUST 2

To the Editor:

  I come begging information. Where, oh, where
has H. Bedford-Jones gone to? Please page him;
see if he can’t be found. Another “ please ”—not
quite so frequent on those “ different ” stories.
Like them? Why, surely I like them, but they
tire me all out. Take, for instance, “ The Con-
quest of the Moon Pool.” Why, after reading a
chapter of that I'd be as tired as if I’d done a
day’s work.

  “ Misery Mansions ”—there's something that
appeals to me—it was great! Ask E. K. Means if
he can't get a little more (body, you might say)
into his stories. They’re good, no question of it;
but outside of several amusing situations arising,
there’s nothing to them. I am keeping what I
call a review on the All-Story Weekly. In the
first place, I think I can lay claim to as many
back numbers of the All-Story Weekly as any
reader you have, lacking about twenty magazines,
I think, since the first day of publication.
350

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Now for my “ review.” I have a note-book in
which I insert the name of a serial I have liked
exceptionally well along with the number of parts
and date of starting. In this way I have a splen-
did library of the best in fiction. When a person
wishes to read a book, 1 just let them look over
my review, pick what they want, go to the book-
case in which I have all my All-Story Weeklys
arranged in numerical order, and help themselves.
Please forgive me for taking so much of your
time. What I started to do was merely to thank
you for the pleasant hours you have given me.
But, darn it, when 1 get started talking All-
Story Weekly, I don’t know when to quit, I
would like to plead with the other readers for a
sequel to “ The Untamed.” Wishing a long life
to the All-Story Weekly, Ben F. Lobnow.

  Long Beach, California.

“ UP-STAIRS ” A WHIRLWIND NOVEL-
ETTE

To the Editor:

  Just a few words of appreciation for one of
the best magazines on the market, the All-Story
Weekly, and it certainly is great. I have been
reading it from the first instalment of “ The
Texan," and that story was a peach, and can't be
beat.

  Am going to tell you how I happened to be a
steady reader of the All-Story Weekly. A
friend of mine gave me the last edition of " The
Texan.” I started in reading the book, but when
I ran into “ The Texan ” story I stopped. I asked
that friend what he meant by handing me the
last part of such a good story, and, believe me, I
never let up on him until he brought the rest of
the story, which he did, and in due time, too. I
took the books home, and settled myself for an en-
joyable evening. I got it. I never went to bed
till the wee small hours of the morning. Now, I
am of the same opinion as the other readers—Tex
is being badly treated, when all he has is a posse
and the other fellow got the girl. Why, oh, why,
can't we have a sequel?

  “ The Untamed ” was great. Isn’t Max Brand
going to give us a sequel, or don’t he know that
the wild geese are back, and it's time Dan was
coming back to Kate? Surely she deserves some
happiness, and that can only mean Dan.

  All the otiter good stories are altogether too
numerous tj mention, and there certainly are a
great many that need praise. But one word for
E. K. Means—he certainly is a gloom-chaser with
his stories, and all I say is let him keep the good
work up.

  Am now deeply interested in “ Into the In-
finite,” and so far it promises to be some story.
I can't blame Roselle for loving George; could
do so myself, even if he is a Rebel Soul.

  “ Up-Stairs ” was some whirlwind of a novel-
ette, and it surely was good. In fact, all the
novelettes are beyond criticism.

Although I am not a subscriber, I have not
missed a single copy of the All-Story Weekly

since I started reading it. It isn’t that I am just
lucky, but I always manage to be first in line at
our bookstore. Have often supplied others with
copies they were unable to get, and I am sorry to
say the books never came home; but never again
will I be so accommodating, as I want to save
the books.

  Well, I guess I have had my say, but I could
not resist writing and letting you know of the
many pleasant hours I enjoyed, and still hope to
enjoy more, with the old standby, the All-Story
Weekly. I remain an ever-booster,

 8oi Linwood Avenue,	B. T. P.

  Niagara Falls, New York.

 LITTLE HEART-BEATS

  I have been reading the All-Story Weekly for
a long time, but never have written to you people
before. I like a story in serial form that you
don’t know just who did it until you read all of
the serial, and where it throws suspicion on more
than one person, as in “ The Crimson Alibi.” I
like the serial stories best. I read every story in
your magazine, and wish the authors and the
editor the best of success, and hope you will have
more good stories. Must close, as I think J said
enough.	F. H. H.

  Omaha, Nebraska.

  I am interested in the All-Story Weekly. I
think it is just great; the best I have ever read. I
like all the Western stories. In fact if I were to
tell you the stories I like, I don’t think I would
ever stop. This is the first time I have written
to you, so I wish good luck to the All-Story
Weekly. I have just read “The Untamed,” and
think it just fine. Hope we have some more like
it. Hoping to have more good stories to please
everybody,	Mrs. B. Thorpe.

  Care of Westboro Ro.,

  Ottawa, Canada.

  You are certainly printing a lot of Ai stories at
present. Being a Westerner, my favorites are
stories of the great, open West. Will say that I
haven't read a poor story in the All-Story
Weekly yet. Of course some of them are better
than others, naturally. Would like to read an-
other story of Peter Gross and the Argus Pheasant.
The stories all the way through show that the
author knows something of Borneo. Would also
like a sequel to "The Texan.” Well, I’ll close,
saying that the All-Story Weekly is the best
magazine printed, regardless of cost or authors,
and I have read them all.

Lester Skelbercer.

  Broadwater, Massachusetts.

  I am a man of limited time, and seldom have
the chance of indulging the pleasure I take in
reading. Recently, though, on my vacation, I
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

351'

happened to chance through the All-Story
Weekly, and came across the first instalment of
“ Safe and Sane.” I started to read it, and could
not quit indoors until I had finished it. "I eagerly
anticipated the concluding instalments, and was
not disappointed. Mr. Robbins’s philosophic
humor and originality appeal to me strongly.
There is a real pathos in the character of Peter
Pottingham, the fat, grotesque old billionaire,
with his tragic history. Suffice it to say that I be-
lieve Mr. Robbins to be a man of real literary
merit, and one whose work seems head and
shoulders above the average magazine writer. I
hope to see more of his work, and will watch
your magazine with that object in view.

Stephen L. Small.

  10 Arlington Street,

  Boston, Massachusetts.

  I am a new reader, but I have spread the seeds
of its propaganda. This is how your magazine
readers grow. A boy told another boy about the
All-Story Weekly; this boy then told me. We
began taking it when “ The Conquest of the Moon
Pool ” began, and I think that A. Merritt should
write a sequel to it. Another of my friends, see-
ing my interest in the magazine, bought a copy
when “ Pug-ly-gug-lo ” started, and he has kept
it up since. He, after a little persuasion, got one
of his best friends to try it. He bought the April
12 issue, and all that afternoon nobody could drag
him from it. I always read Heart to Heart Talks.
Somebody had a letter published that said that
the short stories were best. Well, he is wrong—
very wrong! The serials are the main part of it,
and I think most people think so. I think that
this magazine is the best on earth, and I think
all of its readers think so also.

 Indianapolis, Indiana.	Roy Johnson.

  I am forced to write you a letter although I am
a reader of your magazine for only a short period,
but have realized since that it is the best on the
market, barring none, and I have been a steady
reader of quite a number of them.

  I have one kick to register, and that is it makes
me keep the midnight oil burning, and it is late
in the morning when I close your book.

  Every story has a punch of its own, and it al-
ways hits the bull's-eye.

  One thing I do want, and that is a sequel to
“The Untamed.” Get after Max Brand right
hard, and I “ reckon ” he will come across.

  I would also like you to send one of your
authors to Akron, the Rubber City (sometimes
known as the city of opportunities), to get in on
the aero races which will come in the early part
of May, to be given by the Akron Aero Club. I
am sure one could get a good actual-place story
with the races as the “ object.”

  An All-Story Weekly booster,

 510 Brel Street,	Eugene C. Gardner.

  Akron, Ohio.

  Please find enclosed coin, for which please send
me the All-Story Weekly for the week of April
iq. I was unable to get it at the time it came in,
and 1 do so much enjoy reading the stories. They
are so good I don’t know which I like best*
“ The Untamed ” and “ Broadway Bab ” sure
were some worth reading. “ Ready to Occupy ”
was simply great. I. hope the authors of those
stories will see their way clear to give us some
more like them. Please give us some more of the
good old Western stories. I like those, as there is
always something doing, and you don’t feel like
going to sleep. As this is my first letter to the
All-Story Weekly, I hope it doesn't find the
waste-basket. Wishing every success, I remain,
Watertown, Connecticut.	E. I. P.

  No doubt you will be surprised to hear from
one of your readers who lives in Saskatchewan,
Canada, but I have just finished reading the story
by Max Brand, “ The Untamed.” I think that
that story was the best you ever published. Is
Max Brand going to write a sequel to “ The
Untamed”? I truly hope he will. I would like
to ask you a question, Mr. Editor. I didn’t read
the story, “The Rebel Soul,” by Austin Hall.
Can I get that story in book form? I read the
Ali.-Story Weekly every week now, and I think
it is the best magazine I ever had in my hand.
Trusting to hear from you by return mail,

 Strasbourg,	Otto Spredicke.

  Saskatchewan, Canada.

  Note: “The Rebel Soul” has not been pub-
lished in book form, but we can supply the num-
ber of the All-Story Weekly containing it
(June 30, 1917), for twenty cents.

  I have been reading the All-Story Weekly
for several years, and just thought I would tell
you how I enjoy reading most of the stories. I
like the serials best. “ The Texan ” was sure
great, but poor old Tex was sure left out bad.-
We would sure appreciate a sequel to “ The
Texan” and also “The Untamed.” Whistling
Dan is probably tired of chasing wild geese by
now, so please bring him back in a sequel. “ The
Red Glory ” that is starting in the All-Story
Weekly promises to be some story. I guess this
is enough for this time. Will close with very
best wishes for success. Don’t forget Tex and
Whistling Dan.	Mrs. J. F. Tilman.

  Emmett, Idaho.

  I have been reading the All-Story Weekly for
quite a while, and I thought I would write you
and tell you what I think of some of your stories.
My sister, Rubye Gallatyne, has written you two
letters, and I thought I, too, would write. I wish
you would give us another story by Johnston
McCulley. He is certainly some writer. I don’t
see how any one could like E. K. Means’s stories
352

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

so well. I don’t like them at all. I read one of
them and that was enough for me. “ Broadway
Bab ” is about the best story I’ve ever read, and
close behind comes “The Case of Madeline
Patris.’’ I liked "Twenty-Six Clues” and "The
Untamed ” just line; but who is there that did
not like “The Untamed”? “That Receding
Brow ” was fine, as all of Max Brand’s stories are.
“ Claire ” and " Ready to Occupy ” were ripping,
although I did not read all of them. I liked
“ Suspense.” Well, I will take up no more of
your time, for I know you arc always busy.
Wishing the All-Story Weekly such prosperity
in the future as they have had in the past,
Weatherford, Texas. Dura Gallatyne.

  I have been a reader of your wonderful maga-
zine for a long time, and I thought I would write
and express my thoughts. The All-Story
Weekly' is a fine magazine, and is thought a great
deal of around these parts. My fahher, who is a
great reader, says the All-Story Weekly can’t be
beat. Your latest serials, “ The Crimson Alibi,”
“The Untamed,” and “The Wicked Streak," are
the best I’ve read in a long time. My sister
wishes to know what the “ H. R. H.” meant in
“ H. R. H. the Rider.” [His Royal Highness..!
Hoping to sec this published, I'll close.

               Yours truly,

All-Story Weekly Booster.

  Livermore, California.

ALL-STORY WEEKLY READERS’ EXCHANGE

       Note-—All details of sale or exchange must be arranged between the readers and not
   through this office, nor can we undertake to print letters referring to any other magazines than
   the Munsey publications. Letters to be printed in this department should contain complete
   address.

  A note for the All-Story Weekly files 're-
garding “ An Offer from Mr. Holloway,” in
Heart to Heart Talks, March 8, 1919:

  1. Have purchased six sets of the magazines I
asked for at eighty cents each. 2. Have written
letters to those whose copies I did not buy, and
have returned the postage they spent in writing to
me. 3. Have sent photos when requested. 4. If
any subscriber writes to the office, claiming he
did not hear from me, send me his letter, and I’ll
write and return his postage. A letter might go
astray, and 1 do not want the magazine to suffer.

  One reader purchased the copies in Florida, took
them to Montana, afterward moved to Portland,
Oregon, and now lives in Colorado—magazines
with her all the time! Some adv. that!

William Holloway.

All-Storys, but I have some copies of The
Argosy, such as May 4, 11, and 18, 1918. For
each of the five copies that I want, I will give
two copies for each of thpse I receive and pay
postage both ways on all magazines; or if any-
body happens to have what I want, and does not
want those I have to exchange, I will pay twenty
cents each for them and pay all postage.

 Boone, Iowa. ’	Mrs. W. C. Dodd.

  I have the following magazines, which I wish to
exchange or dispose of. Any one wishing them,
write to me. Of the All-Story Weekly I have
the following: April 21, iqi~; September 15, 1917;
November 17, 1017; December 22, 1017; March
23, iqi8; February 9, 1918; August 10, 17, 24,
1918; September 7, 1918, and October 5 and 19,
1918. The Argosy: January, 1914, and the De-
cember 1, 1917; March 9, 16, 23, 1918; June 29,
1918; and July 27, 1918. I want all the years'
numbers, 1916 and 1917 of The Argosy. Who has
them? Please write me.

  Brookston, Texas.	Mrs. O. II. Harris.

  I have every consecutive number of the All-
Story Weekly, with the exception of the second
issue, since the magazine became a weekly. These
copies are in first-class condition, and I would be
willing to dispose of them for a reasonable price.
I desire to sell at least twenty or twenty-five
consecutive issues at a time.

    Very truly yours, L. J. Lancenderfek.
  766 Orchard Street,

  Toledo, Ohio.

  I would pay any Ai.l-Story Weekly reader
any reasonable price for a January 11 copy of
the All-Story Weekly. I couldn't get that
copy, and so didn't get to finish the story, “ The
Untamed.”

  Please, print this in Heart to Heart Talks so I
can get that copy.	Mrs. Ora Crabtree.

  Fouke, Arkansas.

  I see by the last All-Story Weekly that you
have an exchange department, and so I am send-
ing list of some numbers I would like to get and
some that I have to exchange. I would like to
get October 26, 1918; September 8, 1917; Sep-
tember 15, 1917; June 23, 1917; July 14. 1917-
I have these copies to exchange for the above
numbers: March 3, 1917; May 9, 1914; Novem-
ber 11, 1916; September 9, 1916; July 11, 1914;
February 5, 1916; August 7, 1915. The above are

  I want to get one copy of each of March, 1912,
and August, 1912, issues of Munsey's Magazine,
for which I will pay twenty-five cents a copy. I
have the All-Story Weekly for March 7, 14,
and 21, 1014, and all issues from September 15,
1917, to December 28, 1918. I will exchange any
of above numbers of the All-Story Weekly for
two issues of Munsey’s Magazine as given above.
If you have above copies of Munsey’s, or want
any of above All-Story Weeklys, write first.

Henry W. Kinsinger.

  Minersville, Pennsylvania.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

HERE is your future charted for you, based on the
actual average earnings of trained and untrained men.

   Which way will you go? You'll either go tip, through /raining, to a posi-
tion that means good money and more comforts as the years go b)', or
you’ll go down, through lack of training, into the ranks of the poorly paid.

It rests entirely with you which way
you go. You can make or break your
own future. And noiv is the time to
decide. Not next year, not next month,
but now. You can go up if you want to.

You can get the training that will com-
mand a trained man’s salary. The Inter-
national Correspondence Schools have
helped hundreds of thousands of men to
qualify for advancement. Let them show
you how you can prepare yourself, in
your own home, for the position you
want in the work you like best.

 At least, find out what the I. C. S. can
 do for you, by marking and mailing this
 coupon. It will be the first step upward.

Choose your future from this list, then
get this coupon into the mail today.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2219, Scranton, Pa.

pn.Mmm „ . i —TEAR OUT HER Cams i ■ — _ — — —

'INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

BOX 2219, SCRANTON. PA.

    Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi-
    tion, or In the subject, before which I mark X.

   □	electrical engineer

    □	Electric Lighting and Railway®

    □Electric Wiring

    □	Telegraph Engineer
    Telephone Work

 □	MECHANICAL ENGINEER

 □	Mechanical Draftsman

 □	Machine Shop Practice
 jToolmaker

 jGas Engine Operating

 □	CIVIL ENGINEER

 □	Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER

 □	STATIONARY ENGINEER

 □	Marine Engineer
 “Ship Draftsman

 □	ARCHITECT

 □	Contractor and Builder

 □	Architectural Draftsman

 □	Concrete Builder

 □	Structural Engineer

 H PLUMBING AND HEATING
 ^Sheet Metal Worker

 □	Textile Overseer or Supt.

 H CHEMIST

 □	SALESMANSHIP

 □	ADVERTISING

 □	Window Trimmer
 □Show Card Writer
 □Sign Painter

 □	Railroad Trainman
 □ILLUSTRATING

 □	Cartooning

 □	BOOKKEEPER

 □	Stenographer and Typist

 □	Cert. Public Accountant

 □	TRAFFIC MANAGER

 □	Railway Accountant

 □	Commercial l.aw

 □	GOOD ENGLISH

 □	Teacher

 □	Common School Subject*

 □	Mathematics

 □	CIVIL SERVICE

 □	Railway Mail Clerk

 □	AUTOMOBILE OPERATING

  □	Anto Repairing

 □	Navigation I □ Spanish

 □	AGRICULTURE |U French

 □	Poultry Raising Italian

Name__

 Present

Occupation____—

 Street

and No.__

City_ State

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Read this Big Story of New York’s Mad Gaiety

 Beau Revel

               By Louis Joseph Vance

r

ARRY—” Mrs. Lathom began, and her pen-
sive inflection drew from Revel a quick,
sidelong glance colored by a faintly ap-
prehensive crinkling of eyebrows.

“ Je suis,” he murmured, and waited watchfully.

Divining the subtle tribute in this attitude,
Mrs. Lathom smiled the smile of ironic intro-
spection which is one sign of humored vanity—a
smile that lingered as she pursued:

“ Larry—how long have you been pestering
me?-’

" Pestering? Oh, making love!’’

simply adore the way you play the game. A
woman does like a man to rattle off a glib, un-
blushing lie instead of fumbling for the truth in
a foggy memory. Any other woman, Larry,
would let you get away with it, just to show ap-
preciation of your uniquity.”

  " Uniquity? Lovely word! Makes one feel
caught red-handed in something agreeably aban-
doned.”	,

  " So you have been caught—fibbing. We met
here, in the Crystal Room, ten months ago to-
night. Seeing Angie Earle just now reminded

 “Well—tell me how long; have you any no-
 tion?”

 Revel answered readily in his most matter-of-
 fact manner:

 “ Eleven months, two weeks, three days, and
 some odd hours.”

 “Dear old fraud!” Hints of latent laughter
 played over the exquisite texture of her voice
 like moonlight on running water. “ Larry, I

 me. It was she who introduced us. the night her
 husband sailed for France.”

  “ Ten months is a long time.” Revel com-
mented, not at all abashed. “ How much longer
do you think you can hold out, Alice?”

  “ That’s what’s troubling me. I’ve been so
patient with you. wondering if you’d ever ring
true. Well, you haven’t yet, you know. If you
had. just once—”

Buy the June MUNSEY on any News-stand

And Commence this Thrilling Novel

"you may yet wake up some fine morning

TO FIND YOU’VE GOT A MADLY-IN-LOVE
MARRIED WOMAN ON YOUR HANDS,

AND THE DEVIL TO PAY ”

In antwering thit advertitement it it desirable that vou mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

BIG PROFITS IN VULCANIZING

                          —^	The Andnraon Steam Vulcanizer

                                  V offers you an opportunity to place
                               \ yourself in a profitable business
                               X, \. \ with a email investment. We
                               V; « \ manufacture the Anderson vul-
                               \1 I* \ canizor nn<i teach you the Ander-
                               lj. I' son Method of vulcanizing in 6 to
                               rn f I 10 days. Many of our graduates
                               B) / ! make over $3000.00 a year.
                               y . i Ask im for location of nearest
                               - / state school whore we teach the
                               / Anderson Method. Visit that city
                               and comparo other vulcanlzers
                               with the Anderson Steam Vulcan-
                               ,	i/.er and you will know why our

                            ■*	giaduates make tfood. Prepare to

                               take 6 to 10 days course in the Anderson
                               Method which we guarantee will make a
                               tirst-elass vulcanizer of you or refund your
                               money. The course costs you §20.00 in day
                               or night classss. Any time thereafter you
                               buy and pay for an Anderson Vulcanizer.
                               your $211.0(1 will be refunded in cash.

                               Write for full particulars. Get into this
                               profitable business and be independent.

The ANDERSON STEAM VULCANIZER CO.

                               | 25 Williams Bldg.. Indianapolis. (I. S. A.

                               I’lfanr print i/our name lo avoid mialaktn

lO MONTHS TO PAY

  We'll send it all charges prepaid, with-
  out any expense to yon. If vou like it,
  pay only 1/5 the purchase price and
  the rest in 10 monthly installments.
  SWEET DIAMONDS

  proclaim tlieirsuperiority to all others.
  Blue-white in color—perfect in cut-
  low in price—they stand unrivalled.
  Mounted in graceful, artistic settings
  of the very newest designs and of
  excellent workmanship.

OUR PROFIT-SHARING PLAN

 enables you to exchange your Diamond
 fora larger gem. allowing: you the full
 purchase price, plus 7*49 increase in
 value. We share our profits with you.

  Our FREE Catalog shows many delightful sur-
  prises in Diamonds, Watches. Lavallieres.
  Silverware. Toilet Articles, Cameras and
  Phonographs. Send for YOUR copy No.
  829L. It’s FREE !

t r THE HOUSE OF q   a        
  W-SWEE-                     
1 2i4jrtAIDEN llANE  pRewMrki 
MAGIC FOR MONEY

  LEARN THE ART OF ENTERTAINING BY FEATS
  OF MAGIC. My hook of instructions describes the origin
  of many tricks, how to set stage, costumes to wear, how
  and when to talk, and how to perform a great variety of
  illusions, including the great trunk mystery, the mesmeric
  trance, changing water into wine and the reverse, how to
  answer secret questions, several card tricks, the floating
  wand and others. Sent by mail to any address on receipt Of $1.
  E. C. Polk. 10U5 Prospect Place. Brooklyn. N. Y.

NO JOKE TO BE DEAF

-Every Deaf Person Knows That

I make myself hear, after being deaf for 25 years.

         A	with these Artificial Ear

       ^ j	Drums. I wear them day and

         '	night. They are perfectly

       , 1	comfortable. No one sees

       ^ J	them. Write me and I will

          /	tell you a true story, how I

        (	g-ot deaf and how I make you Medicated Ear Draai

     _/St>	hear. Address	Nor. 8.1908

       A	GEO. P. way. Artificial Ear Drum Co. (Ine.)
       -*«■ Adelaide St.. Detroit. Mich.

LET HIM GIVE YOU A

Real Command of English

 It will take only some of your spare moments at home;
 no repellent grammarstudy; each lesson as clcar as day-
 light, and inspiring to the highest degree. Commence
 now-let Grenville Kleiser teach you through his Mail
 Course in practical English, how to

 Enlarge Your Stock of Words—
 esc the Right Word in the Right Place—
 Write Tactful, Forceful Letters. Adver-
 tisements. Stories. Sermons, etc.
 Become an Engaging Conversationalist—
 Enter Good Society—

Be a Man of Culture, Power, and In-
fluence in Your Community.

  Good English is absolutely necessary to the highestsuccess in life.
  What material benefit is it to have good ideas if you can not express
  them adequately—if you ean not make others see thorn as you do 1

Wo will send by mail full particulars of this famous Course. No
cost, no obligation to you—but ask for them to-day.on a post-card.

FUNK & WAGNAILS COMPANY, Dept. 290, NEW YORK

RIDER AGENTS WANTED

 Everywhere to ride and exhibit the new
 Vtanger,, Motorbike" completely equipped
 with eleetric light and horn, carrier, stand,
 tool tank, coaster-brake. mud guards and anti-
 ekid tires. Choice of 44 other styles, colors!
 and sires In the famous “Ranger” lino of
 bicycles, all at Factory-to-Rider prices,

 DELIVERED FREE on approval and 30
 DAYS TRIAL. Send for big free catalog and
 particulars of our Thirty Days Free Trial offer
 anc* marvelous offers and terms.

 TIRETC Lamps, Horns. Wheels, Sundries,

 ■	and repair parts and supplies for all

 bicycles—at half usual prices.

 SEND NO MONEY but tell as exactly what you
 need Do not buy until you get our Factory-Direct-
 to-Rider prices, terms and the big FREE catalog.

MPAn CYCLE COMPANY
iwlCMU DEPT. T30 CHICAGO, U.S.A.

$1 85

  nly J- 1 " 1

   we offer these fine pants for dress or business.
   Many handsome styles, genuine through and
   through worsted goods, beautiful narrow weave,
   smooth silky finish, guaranteed for two years
   solid wear and satisfaction and regular $5.00
   value or MONKY HACK. These
   stylish $5.00 pants, while they
   last, only one pair to any cus-
   tomer, by prepaid express, for only

                             You can earn a lot of extra
    money by sending orders
    for your relatives and neighbors. Young Grant
    Case made $27.00 first week and over $500.00 his
    first vear. Get his own book about it Fro© also
    fine tailor book, cloth samples and simple direc-
    tions. All goes to you Froo with llrst letter. Ju»t
    aond us your namo-TODAY.

CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION

Dopt. M-445, 5 15 S. Franklin Street, Chicago

CASH PROFITS

DIAMONDS "ON"'

CREDIT

In answering any advertisement on this page if is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

WRITE TODAY

a TIRE
Ar SURGEON

HI Make $2,5(11) lo $4,000 Per Year
WtGiving New Life to Old Tires.

         It is being done-by the wonderful
new Haywood Method of Tire Sur-
Rif gery. It is one of the great results of
msjm the war. A Hay wood Tire Surgeon can
lilr do more with old tires than was even
| jff dreamed of before the war. BytheHay-
Ww wood Method a Haywood Tire Surgeon
W can give 4,000 to 5,000 more miles of new life to a
I tire, that two years ago would have been thrown on
’ the junk pile- Asa surgeon saves human lives by hia
operations, so by Haywood Tire Surt-eo'. you can save

and lengthen the life of old tires. And it s easy to learn.

Four Months

This is Richard A. Oldham

  Mr. Oldham was telegraph operator for the
Illinois Central Rai (road for twenty years. He is
fifty-eight yearsold. One day he read one of my
advertisements and the possibilities of making
money in the Auto Tire Surgery Business. In
a few weeks he had purchased and installed a
Haywood outfit. A short time afterward he
wrote us that his income in four months was
as much as it had been in Two and One-Half
years as Telegraph Operator.

This is
E. T. Buchmann

   He is a Tire Surgeon at
   4903N. Clark St.,Chicago.
   He eay9 : “Am earning $800.00
   per month, and confining my-
   self solely to re-building of
   Tires by Haywood Method."

Addre:

In aneicering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention this magazine.
— k Trade Mark £SswaH«sA ff,„.

WURUIZER

200 Ycare of ® Musical Instrument Making ^

Complete

       A/usica/

  Outfits

of ALL Musical Instruments

          Seal Brain covered. velvet and plush lined, carrying case,
          of the newest model. All attachments ami extra parts
          for the instrument. Telescoping music rack. Instruction
          book will teach you to play even if you have nc previous
          knowledge of music.

A NEW plan by Wurlitzer, the largest gen-

L 1 eral music house in the World. You get the complete i
outfit at factory prices at a tremendous saving to you. Each in- /
strument is musically perfect and hasWurlitzer’sabsoluteguarantee.

On Free Trial

Any Wurlitzer Complete Musical Outfit will

be shipped to you complete for a week’s free trial.

Play it a week as if it were your own. Compare it with other in-
struments. Then if you wish you may return the outfit at our
expense. The trial costs you nothing.

 These Complete Musical Outfits Are Ready:

Violin,	Banjo	Hawaiian-Guitar Fife	Cello

Cornet	Mcllophone Ukelele	Bugle

Guitar	Trap Drum	Banjo-Mandolin	Flute

Saxaphone	Clarinet	Tenor Banjo	Banjo-Ukelelo

Trombone	Mandolin	Piccolo	Banjo-Guitar

Convenient Monthly Payments SrffiAte

CompleteOutlitsiusmall monthly sums. Payments as low asa fewcentsaday.

Illustrated Catalog FREE!

Each Wurlitzer Complete Musical Outfit illustrated in full color and
described in detail. See for yourself, completely illustrated, everything that
comes with each outfit Send for the catalog now. Sent free and without ■
obligation; State which musical instrument you are especially interested in. I
Clip off this coupon and mail it today.

The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company, Dept. A107

117 East 4th St., Cincinnati, O. 329 South Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111.

The Rudolph Wurlitzer Co., Depl. A107
117 E. 4lhSt..Cincinnati—329 S.Wabash Ave., Chicago

Send mo your new catalojr with illustrations in color
nn<l fulbl.'scription ..f HirWiirlit/.*T(V>mpl«‘teOutJita

and details of the free trial and easy payment ottor.

Na»u

 (Musical Instrument I am specially interested in)
Week-Old Corns

Should Be Unthinkable

  These positive facts are now known
to millions:

  The pain of a corn can be instantly
stopped, and forever.

  The corn itself can be ended com-
pletely, and usually in two days.

  The method is scientific. It consists
of attaching a Blue-jay plaster, forget-
ting the corn, and letting things take
their course. The results have been
proved by experience.

 They have been proved to so many
 people that corns are now compara-
 tively uncommon.

 Corn aches are needless.

 Paring corns is folly.

 Old-time harsh and mussy treat-
 ments have no place today.

 You will know these facts, and
 quickly, if you'll try a Blue-jay on one
 corn. Do it tonight, and the whole
 corn question will settle itself forever.

Blue=

jay

The Scientific Corn Ender

 Stops Pain Instantly—
 Ends Corns Completely
 25 Cents—At Druggists

BAUER & BLACK, Chicago, New York, Toronto

       Makers of Sterile Surgical Dressings and Allied Products

               THE MUNSEY PRESS, NEW YORK ,