
W'Pandolph

  TubeS’Single Control

All Electric Radio

         f UST plug this Randolph Radio into the electric light socket—
         and tune in. A powerful, selective radio that gives dependable
         " coast to coast reception. No batteries, chargers, eliminators, acids or

liquids. Here is complete radio S" '-ifaction whenever you want it. The easy tuning
with one control brings on all statf"”S^ Illuminated drum allows you to operate the
radio in the dark and has space for lrftgmg stations. Every detail of the Kandolph is
modem and perfected—it is the utmost in radio—unsurpassed regardless of price. It is
this wonderful radio that you test and try for 30 days FREE before you buy. Listen to
it in your own home. Wb.cn it convinces you by actual performance it is the ideal radio—
the one you have always h-'.ped^or—70a c=n buy it direct at factory prices. Be sure

Genuine Walnut Cabinets

The finest of heavy. Renuino. solid burl
finish walnut itf used in themakintf otall
Randolph cabinets. No picture can do
them justice. You must sec them to
appreciate them.

6-Tube Radio

New, modern, sinple-control. six-tub©
radio. Do not compare this set with old-
style, 2-dial, 6-tul>o sets selling for about
thesame price. The Kandolph 1928 Senior
Six has also boon tested and approved by
the leading radio engineers. Comes la
beautiful solid walnut cabinet of nand-
rubbed finish. Single control.^ Illum-
inated drum with space for loKpmtf. Ab-
solutely dependable and very selective.
Send for 30 days free trial. YOU
test it before you buy.

 30

DAYS

FREE

TRIAL

you write for free descriptive literature today.
BeautiSul Ampliphonic Console

  Illustrated here is one of
  the beautiful Randolph
  Seven Console Models—
  made of the finest care-
  fully selected heavy solid
  walnut, hand-rubbed and
  with burl finish. Has
  built-in genuine larEG
  cono speaker that com-
  pares with any on the
  market. Assures unlimi-
  ted reception of hieh
  notesand low notes clear
  as a bell. Completely
  electric—uses no bat-
  tcrLe-.otunykind, lie
  suro you send for fully
  illustrated, full color
  folder giving complete
  details.

Biggest

iscounts

       To

Agents

               All Sets
               Guaranteed

USE THIS COUPON TODAY•

Randolph Radio Corporation
711 West Lake Street, Dept. 309
Chicago, Illinois

 Send me full particulars about the RANDOLPH Six and
 Seven-Tube Electric and Battery Table and Console Seta
 with details of your 30 Day FREE Trial Of £er.

 Name..

RANDOLPH RADIO CORPORATION

7U West Lake Street Dept. 309 Chicago, 111.

 l

 | City.

 I

                   .State-

Murk here □ if interested in Agent’s proposition.
AMAZING STORIES

821

Amazingly Easy way
to get into ELECTRICITY

                Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job. Now
                . . . and forever . . . say good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a/week. Let
                me show you how to qualify for jobs leading to salaries pf $50, $60
                and up, a week, in Electricity—NOT by correspondence, but by an

               amazing way to teach, that makes you a practical txperbin 90 days!

                Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

learn Without lessons » 90

DAYS

 IACK of experience—age,
 j or advanced education
 bars no one. I don’t care
 if you don’t know an arma-
 ture from an air brake—I
 don’t expect you to! I don't
 care if you're 16 years old or
 ■10 — it makes no difference!
 Don't let lack of money stop
 you. Most of the men at
 Coyne have no more money
 than you have.

Many Earn While
Learning

   Many of my students earn a
 I ood part or all of their ex-
 penses and should you need
 I Insassistaiicewewill helpyou.

 Then, in 12 brief weeks, i 111 he
 creat roaring shops of Coyne, I
 Ira in you as you never
 dreamed you could be I rained
 ... on the greatest outlay of
 de-lrical apparatus ever as-
 KCinhled . . . costing hundreds
 of thousands of dollars ... -
 rnal dynamos, engines, power plants,
 autos, switchboards, transmitting
 fta'ions . . . everything from door-
 bell i (o farm power and lighting . . .
 full-“izcd ... in full operation every
 day!

For Jobs

These

Armature C<oert

              a Week and up
Substation Operator, $65 a Week
Anto Electrie'an

           tft) a Week and up
Inventor - - Unlimited
Maniu-nance Eneineer

           *60 a Week and up
Scrvieo Station Owner

           $60 a Week and up
Radio Export. $G0n Week and up

 real actual work . . . build-
 in.; real batteries . . . wind-
 ing real armatures,operating
 real motors, dynamos and
 generators, wiring houses,
 etc., etc. That’s a glimpse
 of how we make you a mas-
 ter practical electrician in
 90 days, teaching you far
 more than the average
 ordinary electrician ever
 knows and fitting you to
 step into jobs leading to
 big pay immediately after
 graduation. Here, in this
 world-famous Parent school
 —and nowhere else in the
 world—can you get such
 training!

Jobs, Pay, Future

   Don’t worry about a job,
 Coyne training settles the
 job question for life. De-
 mand for Coyne men often

 excee<?_ the supply. Our employment
 burea" “gives you lifetime service. Two
 weeks after frac'uaticn, Clyde F. Hart get
 a position as electrician with the Great
 Western Railroad at over $100 a week.
 That’s not unusual. We can point to Coyne
 men making up to 8(100 a month. Coyne men
 get positions which lead t o salaries of S50.00,
 $00.00 and up a week. You can go int o radio,
 battery or automot ive elect rical business for
 yourself and make/Vom SSOOO a year up.

Get the Facts

   Coyne is your one great chance to got into elec-
 tricity. Every obstacle is removed. This school is 28
 years old—Coyne training is tested— proven heyond
 all doubt—endorsed by many large electrical con-
 cerns. You can find out everythinK absolutely free.
 Simply mail the coupon and let me send you the big,
 free Coyne book of 150 photogranhs . . . facts . . .
 jobs . . . salaries . . . opportunities. Tells you how
 many earn expenses while training and how we assist
 our graduates in the field. This does not obligate you.
 So act at once. Just mail coupon.

Now In Our
New Home

 t, worth of the newest

I natal It'd thousand* of dol-
lars. worth of the newest
ami most modern Elec-

trical Kauipment of nil
kinds. We now bar
I >nfe»t -ro-unt of

No Books

No books, n

 -No Lessons

  lessons . . . all

w.rld. Every c. infort and
convenience has bc«'n ar-
ranged t<> make you happy
and enntentcd during your
training.

Get this

FREE

Book

COYNE

ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

H.	C. LEWIS, President, Dept, . - u.
fjoo S. Paulina St., Chicago Established 1899

lr. H. C. Lewis, Pres.

:OYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Dept 97-02
SOO S. Paulina St., Chicago, 111.

Dear Mr. I^ewls:	«

Without obligations send me your bit* freo catalog and all
details of Free Employment Service, ltadloand Automotive
Courses, and how mauy “earn while learning." I under-
stand I will not be bothered by any salesman.

Name....................................

Address.................................

City................................8tatc
JULES VERNE'S TOMBSTONE
PORTRAYING HIS IMMO

Contents! for December

 Robur the Coinjueror, or The
 Clipper of the Air

  (A Serial in 2 Parts^j’Part d I
  By Jules Verne

The Country of

   By II. G. Wells

 ts^ 1 lartil)

uae Blind

Ilieks’ Inventions with a Kick

    (The Electro-Hydraulic Hank
        Protector)

 By Henry Hugh Simmons................

 The Undersea EvTress

By J. Rodman . .........................

 Crystals of Growth

  By Charles H. Rector

 The Riot at Sanderac

  By Miles J. Brener, M. D.

 Below the Infra Red

 By George Paul Bauer ......

 920,

850

860

 870

 874

 87S

 882

Our Cover

 This month shows a sccnc from "Below the Infra Red” by
 George Paul Bauer, in which the scientist an 1 his friend,
 with headgear adjusted, are sitting before the great mass of
 shining apparatus, which not only changes the attuncment of
 the optic and auditory organs, but raises the vibration of the
 entire physical body to such a degree as to enable the human
 body to pass into a higher plane.

||C ST0R,ES

 Vol. 2 No. 9
 December, 1927

EDITORjAL & GENERAL OFFICES: 230 Fifth Ave.. N«w Yerk City

                   by Experimenter Publishing Company. Inc.

<11. Jlittrnsback; IV.; 8. Gernsback, Treas.; It. W. DeMott. Sec'y)
Publishers o| SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEW8.

RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE. SPARE-TIME
MONEVJWAKING. FRENCH HUMOR

 Owner> .

 IBroadcast SUtlon WRNV

||()\V TO SIBSCRIBE FOR "AMAZING 8TORIE8.” Send your namo.
addms and remittance to Experimenter Pub 11 whins Co.. 230 Fifth Avo.,
Nr*» York City. Cheeka and money order* should be made payable to Ex-
perimenter Publishing Co.. Inc. Mention the name of the magazine you

• rr ,-d.Tlng Inasmuch as we also publish RADIO NEWS, SCIENCE &
INVENTION. RADIO LISTENERS' GLIDE AND CALL BOOK.
SPARK TIME MONET MAKING and FRENCH HUMOR. Subscrip-
tions may be made In combination with the other publications Just roeo-

In Our Next Issue:

THE PSYCHOLOGICAL SOLUTION, by A.

 Hyatt Verrill. Here our well-known author pre-
 sents a scientific mystery story in which pure rea-
 soning and deductions are used to solve the most
 baffling murder case of the decade.

THE REVOLT OF THE PEDESTRIANS, by

 David H. Keller, M.D. What will happen to us
 in centuries to come if we continue to ride in
 automobiles? It is a question which we may well
 ask ourselves. Our new author, who is himself
 a doctor, gives us a vivid picture with absorbing
 detail of the not unlikely results. Signs of the
 truth of parts of the story can be seen already in
 the larger cities.

 THE FOURTEENTH EARTH, by Walter Kate-
 Icy. Scientists have steadfastly maintained that
 there must be other inhabited planes besides our
 own. This author lias woven a charming tale
 around his idea where such planes might be.

 ROBUR THE CONQUEROR, by Jules Verne
 (A serial in 2 parts) Part II. In his attempt to
 convince the two officers of the advocates of the
 “lighter-than-air,” Robur and his crew and prison-
 ers met with daring experiences, thrilling situa-
 tions and breath-taking escapades. Still they were
 unconvinced, until the very end, when doubt was
 no longer possible. Jules Verne excels in this
 story.

   And other stories.

tloned at special reduced club rates. Send postal for club rate card.
Subscriptions start with the current Issue unless otherwise ordered.

ON EXPIRATION of your subscription wo enclose a renewal blank In our
last number to you. and notify you by mall. Then, unless we receive your
order and remittance for a renewal, delivery of the magazine is stopped.
CHANGE OF ADDRESS. Notify us as far In advance as possible, giv-
ing your old address as well as the new one to which future magazines are
to go. It takes several weeks to make an address change In our records.

AMAZING STORIES Is published on the 5th of eaeh preceding month.
There are 12 numbers per year. Subscription price Is S2.50 a year In
IT. H. and possessions. Canada and foreign countries S3.00 a year U. 8.
coin as well as U. S. stamps accepted (no foreign coin or stamps). Single

copies, 'J5 cents each.

All communications and contributions to this Journal should he addressed
to Editor AMAZING 8TORIE8. 230 Fifth Ave.. New York. N. Y. Un-
accepted contributions cannot be returned unless full postage has been In-
cluded. ALL accepted contributions are paid for on publication.

AMAZING 8TORIE8 Monthly Entered as second class matter March 10.
1926. by the Post Offlce at New York. N Y.. under the act of March 3.
1879. Title Registered C. S. Patent Offlce. Copyright. 1927. by E. P.
Co.. Inc.. New York. The text and illustration* of this Magazine are
copyrighted and must not be reproduced without giving full credit to the
publication. AMAZING STORIES Is for sale at all newsstands In the
United States and Canada. European Agents. 8. J. Wise Et Cle. 40
Place Verte. Antwerp. Belgium. Printed In L\ 8. A.

General Advertising Dept., 230 Fifth Avenue. New York City.
ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES

L. F. McCLURK, 7JO Cass Street. Chicago. Ill
DAVIES. DILLON A KE1.I.Y 15 West 10th St.. Kansas City Mo.
T. F. MAGRANE. Park Square Bldg.. Boston. Mass

HARRY E. HYDE. 548 Drexel Building. Philadelphia. Pn
A .1. NORRIS IIILI. CO.. 5 Third St.. San Kranclsro. Calif.
412 W. fltb St.. Angeles. Ctl.! Leary Rldg.. Seattle. Wash.

822
AMAZING STORIES

823

  Many times in the old days,
while I trudged home after
ioork to save carfare, I used
to gase enviously at the shin-
ing cars gliding by me. the
prosperous men and women
within. Little did I think that
inside of a year. I, too,
should have my own car, a
decent bank account, the
good things of life that make
it worth living.

I Thought Success Was For Others

      Believe It Or Not, Just Twelve Months Ago
      1 Was Next Thing To "Down-and-Out”

TODAY I'm sole owner of ihe fastest
growing Radio store in town. And I’m
on good terms with my banker, too—not
like the old daVs only a year ago, when
often 1 didn't have£ one dollar to knock
against another in my pocket. My wife
and I live in the snuggest little home you
ever saw, right in one of the best neighbor-
hoods. And to think that a year ago I used
to dodge the landlady when she came to
collect the rent foA< the little bedroom I
called “home”!

  It all seems like a dream now, as I look
back over the past twelve short months, and
think how discouraged I was then, at the
“end of a blind alley.” I thought I never
had had a good chance in my life, and I
thought 1 never would have one. But it
was waking up that I needed, and here’s
the story of how I got it.

1WAS a clerk, working at the usual mis-
erable salary such jobs pay. Somehow
I’d never found any way to get into a line
where I could make good money.

  Other fel'ows seemed to find opportuni-
ties. But—much as I wanted the good
things that go with success and a decent
income—all the really well-paid vacancies
I ever heard of seemed to be out of my line
—to call for some kind of knowledge I
didn’t have.

  And I wanted to get married. A fine sit-
uation, wasn’t it? Mary would have
agreed to try it—but it wouldn’t have been
fair to her.

  Mary had told me, “You can't get ahead
where you are. Why don’t you get into
another line of work, somewhere that you
can advance?”

  “That’s fine, Mary,” I replied, “but what
line? I've always got my eyes open for a
belter job, but I never seem to hear of a
really good job that I can handle.” Mary
didn’t seem to be satisfied with the answer,
but I didn’t know what else to tell her.

  It was on the way home that night that I
stopped off in the neighborhood drug store,
where I overheard a scrap of conversation
about myself. A few burning words that
were the cause of the turning point in my
life!

  With a hot flush of shame I turned and
left the store, and walked rapidly home. So
that vvas what my neighbors—the people
who knew me best—really thought of me!

“Bargain counter sheik—look how that_	ing, or

 suit fits," one fellow had said in a low	prepar

 voice. “Bet he hasn't got a dollar in those	that

 pockets.” “Oh, it's just ‘Useless’ Ander-	I’d
 son,” said another. “He’s got a wish-bone
 where his back-bone ought to be.”

  As I thought over the words in deep hu-
miliation, a sudden thought made me catch
my breath. Why had Mary been so dissat-
isfied with my answer that “I hadn’t had a
chance?” Did Mary secretly Ihinlt that too?

And after all, wasn't it true that I had a
"wish-bone” where my back-bone ought to
be? Wasn’t that why I never had a
“chance” to get ahead? It was true, only
too true—and it had taken this cruel blow
to my self-esteem to make me see it.

  With a new determination I thumbed the
pages of a magazine on the table, searching
for an advertisement that I’d seen many
times but passed up without thinking, an
advertisement telling of big opportunities
for trained men to succeed in the great new
Radio field. With the advertisement vvas a
coupon offering a big free book full of in-
formation. I sent the coupon in, and in a
few days received a handsome 64-page
book, printed in two colors, telling all about
the opportunities in the Radio field and how
a man can prepare quickly and easily at
home to take advantage of these opportuni-
ties. I read the book carefully, and when I
finished it I made my decision.

WHAT’S happened in the twelve months
since that day, as I’ve already told
you, seems almost like a dream to me now.

For ten of those twelve months, I’ve had a
Radio business of my own! At first, of
course, I started it as a little proposition on
the side, under the guidance of the National
Radio Institute, the outfit that gave me my
Radio training. It wasn’t long before I
was getting so much to do in the Radio line
that I quit my measly little clerical job, and
devoted my full time to my Radio business.

  Since that time I’ve gone right on up, al-
ways under the watchful guidance of my
friends at the National Radio Institute.

They would have given me just as much
help, too, if I had wanted to follow some
other line of Radio besides building my

own retail business—such as broadcasting, t ..............................

manufacturing, experimenting, sea operat-

          5ny one of the score of lines they
          [you for. And to think that until
          I sent for their eye-opening book,
          wailing “I never had a chance!”

 NOW I’m making real money. I drive a
 good-looking car of my own. Mary
 and I don't own the house in full yet, but
 I’ve made a substantial down payment, and
 I’m not straining myself any to meet the
 installments.

   Here’s a real tip. You may not be as
 bad off as I was. But, think it over—are
 you stnOied? Are you making enough
 monej. .it work that you like? Would you
 sign a contract to stay where you are now
 for the next ten years, making the same
 money? If not, you'd better be doing some-
 thing about it instead of drifting.

   This new Radio game is a live-wire field
 of golden rewards. The work, in any of
 the 20 different lines of Radio, is fascinat-
 ing, absorbing, well paid. The National
 Radio Institute—oldest and largest Radio
 homc-study school in the world—will train
 you inexpensively in your own home to
 know Radio from A to Z and to increase
 your earnings in the Radio field.

   Take another tip—No matter what your
 plans are, no matter how much or how lit-
 tle you know about Radio—clip the coupon
 below and look their free book over. It is
 filled with interesting facts, figures, and
 photos, and the information it will give
 you is worth a few minutes of anybody's
 time. You \yill place yourself under no ob-
 ligation—the book is free, and is gladly
 sent to anyone who wants to know about
 Radio. Just address J. E. Smith, President,
 National Radio Institute, Dept. P-5,
 Washington, D. C.

 I /. E. SMITH, President,

 I National Radio Institute.

 I Dept. P-5, Washington, D. C.

 ■	Dear Mr. Smith:

 ! Please tend mo yotir 64-pace free hook, printed	_

  ■	in two eolor*. Hiving all Information about the op-	I

  ■	portunitlcs In Radio and how I ran learn quickly and	■
  I easily at homo to take tdvantaEc of them. I under-	■
  I stand this request places me under no obligation, and	I
  I that no salesmen will call on me.	|
  I	D

I Name........................................................................*

I	D

! Address ...............■*„................................2

l .	a

c ^	i

L Town................... State.
824

AMAZING STORIES

 A Million Dol^
 lar Institution
 Back of This
 GUARANTEE

  Oct this straight—the
  American School was
  chartered in 1897 as
  an educational institu-
  lion, not for profit. So
  you will find the same
  standards of service
  here as in the hest res-
  ide:;! : chools and col-
  li'Krs. Over 200 of the
  leading Engineers, Ex-
  cculivetand Educators
  of the U. S. prepared
  the instruction we of-
  fer. Their standing
  vouches for its quality.

  This is available to you
  on terms of only a few
  dollars a mouth. Write
  lor our souvenir book,
  "White Manic,” Riven
  Free in celebration of
  our 30th Anniversary.

 Free Job Service

  The American School is the first
  in the homo-study Held to rec-
  ognise the need of guaranteeing
  it.s courses with ft money-back
  contract, if the training fails to
  accomplish the henoiits you ex-
  pect. Thus nil risk and doubt are
  eliminated- either thetralnln
  will holp you to a hotter Job am
  a raise In pay or It will cost you
  nothing. To be!ter carry out this
  important service, wo maintain
  h National employment depart
  mem which keeps in touch with
  the employers of Draftsmen all
  over the tJ. S. All this without
  extra charge to our a tudc nta and
  graduates.

          ee to prepare you lor
 ting position, right
 in your home, in your spare
 time; then I guarantee to help
 you find such a position pay-
 ing at least 50% more than

 you earn today, within 60
 days after you complete this
 training, or I will refund the
 small amount you pay for tui-
 tion. We make this agreement

 to pro* '_.this instruction will

 make you a real Draftsman.
 Hack of^this guarantee are
 the entire resources and rep-
 utation of this million dollar

in8ti,ution^^U^

 Professional
 Outfit GIVEN!

  You will naturally expect the American School
  give you the best kind of instruments and tools with
  the best kind of training. This outfit is good enough
  to use professionally after you finish your training.
  Mail coupon for description.

  O. C. Miller, Director Extension V/ork

 Learn Drafting—how to make and read plans, and Uie doors of
 opportunity in all mechanical, building, and engineering lines
 swing open for you! There are more well-paid Drafting jobs open
 today than in any other one profession or trade..There’s a variety,
 a fascination to Drafting that will grip you. No other work is so
 interesting, so well paid — no other field offers equal opportuni-
 ties for quick promotion.

  The Draftsman is

the Boss of the Works!

 Destroy blue-prints and plans, and the wheels of all Industry
 will stop until new ones can be made. Every move of every work-
 man on the job is controlled by the Draftsman through his plans.

                      Railroads, public works, buildings of a hun-
                      dred sorts, machinery, electricity, automo-
                      biles—all manufacturing and construction
                      start on the Drafting table! That’s the kind
                      of work to get into, friend. Where you have
                      the same chance as anybody else to make a
                      quick success!

                — to prove you can learn
                O at home in spare time!

                                  You’ll be surprised how qui kly you can
                                  learn Drafting by our new one-step-at-a-
                                  time method. We start you off doing
                                  actual Drafting room jobs from the very
                                  beginning. Before you know it, you are
                                  batting out professional plans like a vet-
                                  eran. Get the first three lessons—the cou-
                                  pon brings them. Do them. Test your
                                  ability to master Drafting at home.
                                  Without cost or obligation.

                                          I C. Mill«*r. Director Ev«en<ion Wo''.
                                        American School, Dspt. D-926
                                        Drexei Ave. and 58th St.. Chicago.

                    » our o!ler 10 ^end mr 3 lessons free and facts about the oppot-
                    unities in I’railing and about your course, looks good to me.
                    it is understood J am not obligated in any way in making this
                    cquest.

chool

Dept. D-926, Drexei Avenue and 58tli Street, Chicago

 'd dress

ru ration ...............................Aye.
THE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENTIFICTION

HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor	WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editot,

DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Associate Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

Editorial and General Offices: 230 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction T oday - -- -- -- -- C.old Fact T omorrow

STRANGE FACTS

 By HUGO GERNSBACK

T is a part and parcel of the makeup of the
average human to be most irritated by some-
thing that is unknown to him. If we traced this
feeling to its lair, we would perhaps have need
of a psychologist for the ultimate explanation.
It will usually be found that the more sensitive
the person in question the greater the irritation. This type of
person is usually easily offended because it seems an insult
to his mentality that a certain fact exists anywhere in the
universe of which he has no knowledge. Often, also, the
more highly learned a person is, the greater the irritation.
Thus, when a scientist comes along with something totally
unorthodox—some new fact which may not be discernible as
fact immediately—his fellow scientists are usually the ones
who become most irritated and loud in their denunciations.
Thus it was with Galileo, when-he attempted to prove that
the earth did not stand still, but spun around on its axis—
a monstrous piece of “nonsense” in those days. It not only
went against the grain and all inborn instinct, but against
the Church as well.

  It was, and still is true in the case of Einstein arrd his
Theory of Relativity. Most of these theories have been
proven after many years of wrangling among scientists and
mathematicians, yet even today most of them are confirmed
doubters.

  This is true, also, of a certain class of Amazing Stories
scientifiction readers, a class, by the way. which we are
happy to state, seems to be in the minority. This class is
always ready to tear and claw at any author who comes
along with a new idea which, for the time being, may be
contrary to fact, although it may still lie within the realm
of science. Usually when such a scientifiction story is pub-
lished, the howl raised by this class of readers is long
and lusty, and most vitriolic. They give no quarter, and
are loud in their denunciations, and go to great lengths in
venting their opinions as to why such and such statement
could never come true. Yet. before the ink is dry, it has
happened that a scientifiction prediction has become a fact.
Undaunted, however, the Doubting Thomases are inclined to
close their eyes and minds against every fact and glibly say,
"We don’t believe it anyhow.” The old story of “There ain’t
no such animal.”

  As has often been said, fact is stranger than fiction. If,
for instance, we had published a scientifiction tale whereby
a musician, just by waving his hands in the air, without any
physical contacts of any kind, could produce the most
beautiful music imatrinahle, I know right well that we would
have been inundated with protests that such a thing is a
physical impossibility. Indeed, every scientist could have
given you dozens of good reasons why such a thing would

be entirely absurd, impossible, and just pure fiction. Never-
theless, in the current jssup of Science and Invention, there
is described the apparatfemvented by L. Theremin, a young
Russian who uses radio "principles for his enthralling new
kind of music.

  In front of him stands a box containing certain radio in-
struments. From the top of the box issues a rod, while at
the left hand of the box is a brass ring. Just by waving his
hands in the vicinity' of the rod and ring, Mr. Theremin
produces the purest as well as the most beautiful kind of
music that has ever been produced. The effect of the body
capacity of the human being is responsible for the music and
anyone can learn to play the instrument in short order,
providing he knows music. T-Onstrument gives forth flute-
like or violin sounds of the >st exquisite beauty.

  A similar instrument, by the way, was used about two
years ago, in my so-called Pianorad, an instrument using
24 radio vacuum tubes, which 1 operate by means of an
ordinary piano keyboard, while the music issues from the
loud speaker the same as does the music of Theremin. Both
instruments are based upon the same principle, except where
I use an actual keyboard, Theremin uses his hands, which
now act as an electric condenser. Otherwise the principle
of the two apparatuses is the same.

  Then again, if one of our scientifiction authors had glibly
told us the havoc and destructiou that could be wrought by
sound waves that could not be heard by the human ear, we
would probably have promptly heard from amateur scientists
and others. Yet, at a demonstration before the National
Academy of Sciences, by Professor R. W. Wood of Johns-
Hopkins University, this scientist produced the most astound-
ing results with super sound waves, totally inaudible to the
human ear. These sound waves, for instance, when acting
upon cracked ice, shook the ice to pieces in short order
and snow resulted. A fish in a glass bowl, when subjected
to these silent sound waves, is killed within several minutes.
An ordinary candle, suspended in water, and influenced
through the super sound waves, is shaken into powder and
the water becomes a white milky fluid.

  Stranger yet. if two metal plates, separated by a quartz
disc, and connectcd to the super sound wave instruments, are
placed in a beaker, the latter filled with oil, there is created
a sort of mound, while the oil will form a little mountain and
stay that way, as long as the super sound waves are turned
on. Not only that, but the top of the liquid oil mound will
readily support a weight of 5 ounces at its crest. All these
are facts, much stranger than fiction, and most of them have
never even been used or imagined by the average scientific-
tion writer. If he had imagined them, and written his imagin-
ings, he would probably have been quickly derided or worse.

Mr. Hugo Gernsback speaks every Tuesday at 9.30 P. M. from WRNY on various scientific and radio subjects.

825
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR
or THE CLIPPER OF THE CLOUDS

bj) Jnles Verne

KutEor of “A Trip to the Center of the Earth,” “Off on a Comet,” etc.

The Albatross continued her descent, slowing her ascension screws and moderating her speed so as not to leave the train behind. She
flew about like an enormous beetle or a gigantic bird of prey. She headed to right and left, and swept on in front, and hung behind. ..

 826
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

CHAPTER I

MYSTERIOUS SOUNDS

         ANG! Bang!”

The pistol shots were almost simul-
taneous. A cow peacefully grazing fifty
yards away received one of the bullets
in her back. She had nothing to do with
the quarrel all the same.

  Neither of the adversaries was hit.

  Who were these two gentlemen ? We do not know,
although this would be an excellent opportunity to
hand down their names to posterity. All we can say
is that the elder was an Englishman and the younger
an American, and both of them were old enough to
know better.

  So far as recording in what locality the inoffensive
ruminant had just tasted her last tuft of herbage,
nothing could be easier. It was on the left bank of
Niagara, not far from the
suspension bridge which
joins the American to the
Canadian bank three miles
from the falls.

  The Englishman stepped
up to the American.

  “I contend, nevertheless,
that it was ‘Rule Brit-
annia !’ ”

 “And I say it was
‘Yankee Doodle!’” re-
plied the young American.

  The dispute was about
to begin again when one
of the seconds—doubtless
in the interests of the milk
trade—interposed.

  “Suppose we say it was
‘Rule Doodle’ and ‘Yankee
Britannia,’ and adjourn to
breakfast?”

  This compromise be-
tween the national airs of
Great Britain and (he
United States was adopted
to the general satisfaction.

The Americans and Eng-
lishmen walked up the
bank of the Niagara on
their way to Goat Island,
the neutral ground be-
tween the falls. Let us
leave them in the presence
of the boiled eggs and tra-
ditional ham, and floods
enough of tea to make
the cataract jealous, and
trouble ourselves no more
about them. It is ex-
tremely unlikely that we
shall again meet with them
in this .story.

  Which was right, the Englishman or the Ameri-
can ? It is not easy to say. Anyhow the duel shows
how great was the excitement, not only in the new
but also in the old world, with regard to an inex-
plicable phenomenon which for a month or more had
driven everybody to distraction.

827

  Never had the sky been so much looked at since
the appearance of man on the terrestrial globe. The
night before an aerial trumpet had blared its brazen
notes through space immediately over that part of
Canada between Lake Ontario and Lake Erie. Some
people had heard those notes as “Yankee Doodle,”
others had heard them as “Rule Britannia,” and
hence the quarrel between the Anglo-Saxons, which
ended with the breakfast on Goat Island. Perhaps
it was neither one nor the other of these patriotic
tunes, but what was undoubted by all was that these
extraordinary sounds had seemed to descend from
the sky to the earth.

  What could it have been ? Was it some exuberant
aeronaut rejoicing on that sonorous instrument of
which some “musicians” make such obstreperous use ?

  No! There was no balloon and there were no
aeronauts. Some strange phenomenon had occurred
in the higher zones of the atmosphere, a phenomenon
of which neither the nature nor the cause could be

explained. To-day it ap-
peared over America;
forty-eight hours after-
wards it was over Europe;
a week later it was in Asia
over the Celestial Empire.

  Hence in every country
of the world — empire,
kingdom, or republic —
there was anxiety which it
was important to allay. If
you hear in your house
strange and inexplicable
noises, do you not at once
endeavor to discover the
e_ase ? And if your search
-o in vain, do you not leave
your house and take up
5'our quarters in another?
But in this case the house
was the terrestrial globe!
There are no means of
leaving that house for the
moon, or Mars, or Venus,
or Jupiter, or any other
planet of the solar system.
And so of necessity we
have to find out what it is
that takes place, not in the
infinite void, but within
the atmospherical zones.
In fact, if there is no air
there is no noise, and as
there was a noise — that
famous trumpet, to wit—
the phenomenon must oc-
cur in the air, the density
of which invariably dimin-
ishes, and which does not
extend for more than
some miles round our
spheroid.

  Naturally the news-
papers took up the question in their thousands, and
treated it in every form, throwing on it both light and
darkness, recording many things about it true or
false, alarming and tranquilizing their readers—as
the sale required—and almost driving ordinary peo-
ple mad. At one blow party politics dropped un-

« nOBUR THE CONQUEROR" was issued in 1S86,

  iV coincident with the earliest practical interest which
began to stir the zvorld in regard to the “conquest of the
air." With his usual boldly scientific imagination Verne,
having studied the question thoroughly from all sides,
looked into the future, formed a judgmtr.t, and pictured
the conquering air machine in the style he believed most
likely to achieve success.

  In his poetical climax Verne declares that Robur is "the
spirit of the future”; and it is true that even to-day we
can build no machine to match the "Albatross." IVe have,
however, far outdistanced the historical account of avia-
tion which Verne gives us in the course of his story, and
which necessarily ceases with the early "eighties." The
experiments of Professor Langley in Washington in 1896
started the world on toward a true knoivledge of the laws
of flight. Since then Count Zeppelin and a dozen others
in the "lighter than air" machines, and the Wright
brothers and a hundred others in those "heavier than air."
have achieved results which scarce any but Verne himself
had even dreamed of. when he wrote "Robur the
Conqueror.”

  It is interesting to note that for many years after the
publication of Verne’s ideas, the contest between the two
'pchools, the Ughter-than-air, and the heavier-than-afr, has
been raging. The Zeppelinists in the meanwhile had their
say, while the airplane adherents had theirs. Yet it should
be noted that it is most likely that a machine of the Verne
type will in the end prevail. The Ughter-than-air machines
of the Zeppelin type will probably never be tised com-
mercially to any great extent, due to their exceedingly
high cost, for one thing, and, second, due to the difficulty
in navigating these huge monsters of the air. As for
Verne’s still more radically "heavy" ship, sustained aloft
by the direct lift of her screws, nothing in the least
practical has as yet been achieved in that line.

  Nearly twenty years after writing "Robur,” Jules Verne
turned again to the same theme; and in 1905, the very
year of his death, his faithful publishers, the Hetzels,
issued "The Master of the World." This is a sequel to
"Robur the Conqueror,” and will be published by us im-
mediately after "Robur." The sequel clearly evidences
that the inventive pozver of the aged master and his skill
in conceiving and portraying a dramatic climax remained
unimpaired even to the end.

  For the background of this story. Verne returns chiefly
to the region of Lake Eric and Niagara, the tremendous
cataract which had so impressed him on his irisit to it
nearly forty years before, and which he had described in
"The Floating City."
828

AMAZING STORIES

heeded—and the affairs of the world went on none
the worse for it.

  But what could this thing be? There was not an
observatory that was not applied to. If an observa-
tory could not give a satisfactory answer, what was
the use of observatories? If astronomers, who
doubled and tripled the stars a hundred thousand
million miles away, could not explain a phenomenon
occurring only a few miles off, what was the use of
astronomers ?

  The observatory at Paris was very guarded in
what it said. In the mathematical section they had
not thought the statement worth noticing; in the
meridional section they knew nothing about it; in
the physical observatory they had not come across it;
in the geodetic section they had had no observation;
in the meteorological section there had been no rec-
ord; in the calculating room they had had nothing
to deal with. At any rate the confession was a frank
one, and the same frankness characterized the replies
from the observatory of Montsouris and the magnetic
station in the park of St. Maur. The same respect
for the truth distinguished the Bureau des Longi-
tudes.

  The provinces were slightly more affirmative.
Perhaps in the night of the fifth and morning of the
sixth of May there had appeared a flash of light of
electrical origin which lasted about twenty seconds.
At the Pic du Midi this light appeared between nine
and ten in the evening. At the Meteorological Ob-
servatory on the Puy de Dome the light had been
observed between one and two o’clock in the morn-
ing; at Mont Ventoux in Provence it had been seen
between two and three o’clock; at Nice it had been
noticed between three and four o’clock; while at the
Semnoz Alps between Annecy, Le Bourget, and Le
Leman, it had been detected just as the zenith was
paling with the dawn.

  Now it evidently would not do to disregard these
observations altogether. There could be no doubt
that a light had been observed at different places, in
succession, at intervals, during some hours. Hence,
whether it had been produced from many centers in
the terrestrial atmosphere, or from one center, it was
plain that the light must have traveled at a speed of
over one hundred and twenty miles an hour.

  In the United Kingdom there was much per-
plexity. The observatories were not in agreement.
Greenwich would not consent to the proposition of
Oxford. They were agreed on one point, however,
and that was: “It was nothing at all!”

  But, said one, “It was an optical illusion!” While
the other contended that, “It was an acoustical illu-
sion !” And so they disputed. Something, how-
ever, was, it will be seen, common to both. “It was
an illusion.”

  Between the observatory of Berlin and the observ-
atory of Vienna the discussion threatened to end in
international complications; but Russia, in the per-
son of the director of the observatory at Pulkowa,
showed that both were right. It all depended on
the point of view from which they attacked the
phenomenon, which, though impossible in theory,
was possible in practice.

  I n Switzerland, at the observatory of Sautis in the
canton of Appenzell, at the Righi, at the Gabriss, in
the passes of the St. Gothard, at the St. Bernard, at
the Julier, at the Simplon, at Zurich, at Somblick in

the Tyrolean Alps, there was a very strong disin-
clination to say anything about what nobody could
prove—and that was nothing but reasonable.

  But in Italy, at the meteorological stations on
Vesuvius, on Etna, in the Casa Inglesi, at Monte
Cavo, the observers made no hesitation in admitting
the materiality of the phenomenon, particularly as
they had seen it by day in the form of a small cloud
of vapor, and by night in that of a shooting star.
But of what it was they knew nothing.

SCIENTISTS began at last to tire of the mystery,
while they continued to disagree about it, and
even to frighten the lowly and the ignorant, who,
thanks to one of the wisest laws of nature, have
formed, form, and will form the immense majority
of the world’s inhabitants. Astronomers and meteo-
rologists would soon have dropped the subject alto-
gether had not, on the night of the 26th and 27th, the
observatory of Kautokeino at Finmark, in Norway,
and during the night of the 28th and 29th that of
Isf jord at Spitzbergen—Norwegian one and Swedish
the other—found themselves agreed in recording that
in the center of an aurora borealis there had ap-
peared a sort of huge bird, an aerial monster, whose
structure they were unable to determine, but who,
there was no doubt, was showering off from his
body certain corpuscles which exploded like bombs.

  In Europe not a doubt was thrown on this obser-
vation of the stations in Finmark and Spitzbergen.
But what appeared the most phenomenal about it was
that the Swedes and Norwegians could find them-
selves in agreement on any subject whatever.

  There was a laugh at the asserted discovery in all
the observatories of South America, in Brazil”, Peru,
and La Plata, and in those of Australia at Sydney,
Adelaide, and Melbourne; and Australian laughter
is very catching.

  To sum up, only one chief of a meteorological
station ventured on a decided answer to this ques-
tion. notwithstanding the sarcasms that his solution
provoked. This was a Chinaman, the director of the
observatory at Zi-Ka-Wey which rises in the center
of a vast plateau less than thirty miles from the sea,
having an immense horizon and wonderfully pure
atmosphere. “It is possible,” said he, “that the
object was an aviform apparatus—a flying machine!”

  What nonsense!

  But if the controversy was keen in the old world,
we can imagine what it was like in that portion of
the new of which the United States occupy so vast
an area.

  A Yankee, we know, does not waste time on the
road. He takes the street that leads him straight
to his end. And the observatories of the American
Federation did not hesitate to do their best. If
they did not hurl their objectives at each others’
heads, it was because they would have had to put
them back just when they most wanted to use them.
In this much-disputed question the observatories of
Washington in the District of Columbia, and Cam-
bridge in Massachusetts, found themselves opposed
by those of Dartmouth College in New Hampshire,
and Ann Arbor in Michigan. The subject of their
dispute was not the nature of the body observed, but
the precise moment of its observation. All of them
claimed to have seen it the same night, the same hour,
the same minute, the same second, although the
llOBUll THE CONQUEROR

829

trajectory of the mysterious voyager took it but a
moderate height above the horizon. Now from
Massachusetts to Michigan, from New Hampshire
to Columbia, the distance is too great for this double
observation, made at the same moment, to be con-
sidered possible.

  Dudley at Albany, in the state of New York, and
West Point, the military academy, showed that their
colleagues were wrong by an elaborate calculation of
the right ascension and declination of the aforesaid
body.

  But later on it was discovered that the observers
had been deceived in the body, and that what they
had seen was an aerolite. This aerolite could not
be the object in question, for how could an aerolite
blow a trumpet ?

  ft was in vain that they tried to get rid of this
trumpet as an acoustical illusion. The ears were no
more deceived than the eyes. Something had as-
suredly been seen, and something had assuredly been
heard. In the night of the 12th and 13th of May—
a very dark night—the observers at Yale College,
in the Sheffield Science School, had been able to take
down a few bars of a musical phrase in D major,
common time, which gave note for note, rhythm
for rhythm, the chorus of the Chant du Depart.

  “Good,” said the Yankee wags. “There is a
French band well up in the air.”

  “But to joke is not to answer.” Thus said the
observatory at Boston, founded by the Atlantic Iron
W'orks Society, whose opinions in matters of astron-
omy and meteorology began to have much weight in
the world of science.

  Then there intervened the observatory at Cincin-
nati, founded in 1870, on Mount Lookout, thanks
to the generosity of Mr. Kilgour, and known for its
micrometrical measurements of double stars. Its
director declared with the utmost good faith that
there had certainly been something, that a traveling
body had shown itself at very short periods at differ-
ent points in the atmosphere, but what were the na-
ture of this body, its dimensions, its speed, and its
trajectory, it was impossible to say.

  It was then that a journal whose publicity is im-
mense—the New York Herald—received the anony-
mous contribution hereunder.

  “There will be in the recollection of most people
the rivalry which existed a few years ago between
the two heirs of the Begum of Ragginahra, the
French doctor Sarrasin, in the city of Frankville.
and the German engineer Schultze, in the city of
Steeltown, both in the south of Oregon in the
United States.

  “It will not have been forgotten that, with the
object of destroying Frankville, Herr Schultze
launched a formidable engine, intended to beat down
the town and annihilate it at a single blow;

  “Still less will it be forgotten that this engine,
whose initial velocity .as it left the mouth of the
monster cannon had been erroneously calculated, had
flown off at a speed exceeding by sixteen times that
of ordinary projectiles—or about four hundred and
fifty miles an hour—that it did not fall to the ground,
and that it passed into an aerolitic stage, so as to
circle for ever round our globe.

  “Why should not this be the body in question ?”

  Very ingenious, Mr. Correspondent of the New
York Herald! but how about the trumpet? There
was no trumpet in Herr Schultze’s projectile!

  So all the explanations explained nothing, and all
the observers had observed in vain. There remained
only the suggestion offered by the director of Zi-Ka-
Wey. But the opinion of a Chinaman!

  The discussion continued, and there was no sign
of agreement. Then came a short period of rest.
Some days elapsed without any object, aerolite or
otherwise, being descried, and without any trumpet
notes being heard in the atmosphere. The body then
had fallen on some part of the globe where it had
been difficult to trace it; into the sea, perhaps. Had
it sunk in .he depths of the Atlantic, the Pacific, or
the Indian Ocean? W'hat was to be said in this
matter ?

  But then, between the 2nd and 9th of June, there
came a new series of facts which could not possibly
be explained by the unaided existence of a cosmic
phenomenon.

  In a week the Hamburgers at the top of St.
Michael’s Tower, the Turks on the highest minaret
of St. Sophia, the Rouennais at the end of the metal
spire of their cathedral, the Strasburgers at the sum-
mit of their minster, the Americans on the head of
the Liberty statue at the entrance of the Hudson and
on the Bunker Hill monument at Boston, the Chinese
at the spike of the temple of the Four Hundred
Genii at Canton, the Hindoos on the sixteenth ter-
race of the pyramid of the temple at Tanjore, the
San Pietrini at the cross of St. Peter’s at Rome, the
English at the cross of St. Paul’s in London, the
Egyptians at the apex of the Great Pyramid of
Ghizeh, the Parisians at the lightning conductor of
the iron tower of the Exposition of 1889, a thousand
feet high, all of them beheld a flag floating from
some one of these inaccessible points.

  And the flag was black, Jotted with stars, and it
bore a golden sun in its ce^er.

CHAPTER II
Agreement Impossible

   \ t'lc ^rst w*'° say the contrary-”

          “Indeed! But we will say the contrary
  J. V so long as there is a place to say it in!”

  “And in spite of your threats-”

  “Mind what you are saying, Bat Fynn!”

  “Mind what you are saying, Uncle Prudent!”

  “I maintain that the screw ought to be behind!”
“And so do we! And so do we!” replied half a
hundred voices mingled into one.

  “No! It ought to be in front!” shouted Phil
Evans.

  “In front!” roared fifty other voices, with a vigor
in no whit less remarkable.

  “We shall never agree!”

  “Never! Never!”

  “Then what is the use of a dispute?”

  “It is not a dispute! It is a discussion!”

  One would not have thought so, to listen to the
taunts, objurgations and vociferations which filled
the lecture room for a good quarter of an hour.

  The room was one of the largest in the Weldon
Institute, the well-known club in Wralnut Street.
Philadelphia. Pennsylvania, U. S. A. The evening
before there had been an election of a lamplighter,
occasioning many public manifestations, noisy meet-
ings, and even interchanges of blows, resulting in an
effervescence which had not yet subsided, and which
830

AMAZING STORIES

would account for some of the excitement just ex-
hibited by the members of the Weldon Institute.
For this was merely a meeting of balloonists, dis-
cussing the burning question of the direction of bal-
loons.

  In this great saloon there were struggling, pushing,
gesticulating, shouting, arguing, disputing, a hun-
dred balloonists, all with their hats on, under the
authority of a president, assisted by a secretary and
treasurer. They were not engineers by profession,
but simply amateurs of all that appertained to aero-
statics, and they were amateurs in a fury, and es-
pecially foes of those who would oppose balloons,
“apparatuses heavier than the air,” flying machines,
aerial ships, or what not. That these people might
one day discover the method of guiding balloons is
possible. There could be 110 doubt that their presi-
dent had considerable difficulty in guiding them.

  This president, well known in Philadelphia, was
the famous Uncle Prudent, Prudent being his family
name. There is nothing surprising in America in
the qualificative uncle, since you can there be uncle
without having either nephew or niece. There they
speak of uncle as in other places they speak of father,
though the father may have had no children.

  Uncle Prudent was a personage of consideration,
and in spite of his name was well known for his
audacity. He was very rich, and that is no draw-
back even in the United States; and how could it be
otherwise when he owned the greater part of the
shares in Niagara Falls? A society of engineers
had just been founded at Buffalo for working the
cataract. It seemed to be an excellent speculation.
The seven thousand five hundred cubic meters that
pass over Niagara in a second would produce seven
millions of horse-powcw This enormous power,
distributed amongst all t!_ workshops within a radius
of three hundred miles, would return an annual in-
come of three hundred million dollars, of which the
greater part would find its way into the pocket of
Uncle Prudent. He was a bachelor, he lived quietly,
and for his only servant had his valet Frycollin, who
was hardly worthy of being the servant to so auda-
cious a master.

  Uncle Prudent was rich, and therefore he had
friends, as was natural; but he also had enemies, al-
though he was president of the club—among others
all those who envied his position. Amongst his bit-
terest foes we may mention the secretary of the
Weldon Institute.

  This was Phil Evans, who was also very rich, be-
ing the manager of the Wheelton Watch Company,
an important manufactory, which makes every day
five hundred movements equal in every respect to the
Swiss workmanship. Phil Evans would have passed
for one of the happiest men in the world, and even in
the United States, if it had not been for Uncle Pru-
dent. Like him he was in his forty-sixth year; like
him, of invariable health; like him of undoubted
boldness. They were two men made to understand
each other thoroughly, but they did not, for both
were of extreme violence of character. Uncle Pru-
dent was furiously hot; Phil Evans was abnormally
cool.

  And why had not Phil Evans been elected presi-
dent of the club? The votes were exactly divided
between Uncle Prudent and him. Twenty times
there had been a scrutiny, and twenty times the ma-

jority had not declared for either one or the other.
The position was embarrassing, and it might have
lasted for the lifetime of the candidates.

  One of the members of the club then proposed a
way out of the difficulty. This was Jem Chip, the
treasurer of the Weldon Institute. Chip was a con-
firmed vegetarian, a proscriber of all animal nourish-
ment, of all fermented liquors, half a Mussulman,
half a Brahman. On this occasion Jem Chip was
supported by another member of the club, William
T. Forbes, the manager of a large factory where
they made glucose by treating rags with sulphuric
acid. A man of good standing was this William T.
Forbes, the father of two charming girls—Miss
Dorothy, called Doll, and Miss Martha, called Mat,
who gave the tone to the best society in Philadelphia.

  It followed, then, on the proposition of Jem Chip,
supported by William T. Forbes and others, that it
was decided to elect the president “on the center
point.”

  This mode of election can be applied in all cases
when it is desired to elect the most worthy; and a
number of Americans of high intelligence are already
thinking of employing it in the nomination of the
President of the Republic of the United States.

  On two boards of perfect whiteness a black line is
traced. The length of each of these lines is mathe-
matically the same, for they have been determined
with as much accuracy as the base of the first tri-
angle in a trigonometrical survey. That done, the
two boards were erected on the same day in the cen-
ter of the conference room, and the two candidates,
each armed with a fine needle, marched towards the
board that had fallen to his lot. The man who
planted his needle nearest the center of his line would
be proclaimed President of the Weldon Institute.

  The operation must be done at once—no guide
marks or trial shots allowed; nothing but sureness
of eye. The man must have a compass in his eye,
as the saying goes; that was all.

  Uncle Prudent stuck in his needle at the same
moment as Phil Evans did his. Then there began the
measurement to discover which of the two competi-
tors had almost nearly approached the center.

  Wonderful! Such had been the precision of the
shots that the measures gave no appreciable differ-
ence. If they were not exactly in the mathematical
center of the line, the distance between the needles
was so small as to be invisible to the naked eye.

  The meeting was much embarrassed.

  Fortunately one of the members. Truck Milnor,
insisted that the measurements should be remade by
means of a rule graduated by the micrometrical ma-
chine of M. Perreaux, which can divide a millimeter
into fifteen hundred parts. This rule, dividing the
fifteen-hundredths of a millimeter with a diamond
splinter, was brought to bear on the lines, and on
reading the divisions through a microscope the fol-
lowing were the results: Uncle Prudent had ap-
proached the center within less than six fifteen-hun-
dredths of a millimeter. Phil Evans was within nine
fifteen-hundredths.

  And that is why Phil Evans was only secretary
of the Weldon Institute, whereas Uncle Prudent was
president. A difference of three fifteen-hundredths
of a millimeter! And on account of it Phil Evans
vowed against Uncle Prudent one of those hatreds
which are none the less fierce for being latent.
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

831

CHAPTER III

A Visitor is Announced

THE many experiments made during this last
quarter of the nineteenth century have given
considerable impetus to the question of dirigi-
ble balloons. The cars furnished with propellers
attached in 1852 to the aerostats of the elongated
form introduced by Henry Giffard, the machines of
Dupuy de Lome in 1872, of the Tissandier brothers
in 1883, and of Captains Krebs and Renard in 1884,
yielded many important results. But if these ma-
chines, moving in a medium heavier than themselves,
maneuvering under the propulsion of a screw, work-
ing at an angle to the direction of the wind, and even
against the wind, to return to their point of de-
parture, had been really “dirigible," they had only
succeeded under very favorable conditions. In large
covered halls their success was perfect. In a calm
atmosphere they did very well. In a light wind of
five or six yards a second they still moved. But noth-
ing practical had been obtained. Against a miller’s
wind—nine yards a second—the machines had re-
mained almost stationary. Against a fresh breeze—
eleven yards a second—they would have advanced
backwards. In a storm—twenty-seven to thirty-three
yards a second—they would have been blown about
like a feather. In a hurricane—sixty yards a second
—they would have run the risk of being dashed to
pieces. And in one of those cyclones which exceed
a hundred yards a second not a fragment of them
would have been left. It remained, then, even after
the striking experiments of Captains Krebs and
Renard, that though dirigible aerostats had gained a
little speed, they could not be kept going in a moder-
ate breeze. Hence the impossibility of making prac-
tical use of this mode of aerial locomotion.

  With regard to the means employed to give the
aerostat its motion a great deal of progress had been
made. For the steam engines of Henry GifTard, and
the muscular force of Dupuy de Lome, electric mo-
tors had gradually been substituted. The batteries
of bichromate of potassium of the Tissandier broth-
ers had given a speed of four yards a second. The
dynamo-electric machines of Captains Krebs and
Renard had developed a force of twelve horsepower
and yielded a speed of six and a half yards per sec-
ond.

  With regard to this motor, engineers and elec-
tricians had been approaching more and more to that
desideratum which is known as a steam horse in a
watch case. Gradually the results of the battery of
which Captains Krebs and Renard had kept the
secret had been surpassed, and aeronauts had become
able to avail themselves of motors whose lightness
increased at the same time as their power.

  In this there was much to encourage those who be-
lieved in the utilization of dirigible balloons. But yet
how many good people there ere who refuse to ad-
mit the possibility of such a thing! If the aerostat
finds support in the air it belongs to the medium in
which it moves; under such conditions, how can its
mass, which offers so much resistance to the currents
of the atmosphere, make its way against the wind ?

  In this struggle of the inventors after a light and
powerful motor, the Americans had most nearly at-
tained what they sought. A dynamo-electric appara-
tus, in which a new battery was employed, the com-

position of which was still a mystery, had been
bought from its inventor, a Boston chemist up to
then unknown. Calculations made with the greatest
care, diagrams drawn with the utmost exactitude,
showed that by means of this apparatus driving a
screw of given dimensions a displacement could be
obtained of from twenty to twenty-two yards a
second.

  Now this was magnificent!

  “And it is not dear,” said Uncle Prudent, as he
handed to the inventor in return for his formal re-
ceipt the last instalment of the hundred thousand
paper dollars he had paid for his invention.

  Immediately the Weldon Institute set to work.
When there comes along a project of practical utility
the money leaps nimbly enough from American
pockets. The funds flowed in even without its being
necessary to form a syndicate. Three hundred thou-
sand dollars came into the club's account at the first
appeal. The work began under the superintendence
of the most celebrated aeronaut of the United States,
Harry W. Tinder, immortalized by three of his
ascents out of a thousand, one in which he rose to a
height of twelve thousand yards, higher than Gay
Lussac, Coxwell, Sivet, Croce-Spinelli, Tissandier,
Glaisher; another in which he had crossed America
from New York to San Francisco, exceeding by
many hundred leagues the journeys of Nadar, Go-
dard, and others, to say nothing of that of John Wise,
who accomplished eleven hundred and fifty miles
from St. Louis to Jefferson county; the third, which
ended in a frightful fall from fifteen hundred feet at
the cost of a slight sprain in the right thumb, while
the less fortunate Pilatre de Rozier fell only seven
hundred feet, and yet killed himself on the spot!

  At the time this story Wins the Weldon Institute
had got their work well in hand. In the Turner yard
at Philadelphia there reposed an enormous aerostat,
whose strength had been tried by highly compressed
air. It well merited the name of the monster balloon.

  How large was Nadar’s Geant? Six thousand
cubic meters. How large was John Wise’s balloon?
Twenty thousand cubic meteis. How large was the
Giffard balloon at the 1878 Exhibition? Twenty-five
thousand cubic meters. Compare these three aero-
stats with the aerial machine of the Weldon Institute,
whose volume amounted to forty thousand cubic
meters, and you will understand why Uncle Prudent
and his colleagues were so justifiably proud of it.

  This balloon not being destined for the exploration
of the higher strata of the atmosphere, was not called
the Excelsior, a name which is rather too much held
in honor among the citizens of America. No! It was
called simply, the Go-ahead, and all it had to do was
to justify its name by going ahead obediently to the
wishes of its commander.

  The dynamo-electric machine, made according to
the patent purchased by the Weldon Institute, was
nearly ready. In less than six weeks the Go-ahead
would start for its first cruise through space.

  But, as we have seen, all the mechanical difficulties
had not been overcome. Many evenings had been
devoted to discussing, not the form of its screw nor
its dimensions, but whether it ought to be put behind,
as the Tissandier brothers had done, or before as
Captains Krebs and Renard had done. It is un-
necessary to add that the partisans of the two sys-
tems had almost come to blows. The group of “Be-
forists” were equaled in number by the group of
832

AMAZING STORIES

“Behindists.” Uncle Prudent, who ought to have
given the casting vote—Uncle Prudent, brought up
doubtless in the school of Professor Buridan—could
not bring himself to decide.

   Hence the impossibility of getting the screw into
place. The dispute might last for some time, unless
the government interfered. But in the United States
the government meddles with private affairs as little
as it possibly can. And it is right.

   Things were in this state at this meeting on the
13th of June, which threatened to end in a riot—in-
sults exchanged, fisticuffs succeeding the insults, cane
thrashings succeeding the fisticuffs, revolver shots
succeeding the cane thrashings—when at thirty-seven
minutes past eight there occurred a diversion.

  The porter of the Weldon Institute coolly and
calmly, like a policeman amid the storm of the meet-
ing, approached the presidential desk. On it he
placed a card. He awaited the orders that Uncle
Prudent found it convenient to give.

   Uncle Prudent turned on the steam whistle, which
did duty for the presidential bell, for even the Krem-
lin clock would have struck in vain! But the tumult
slackened not.

  Then the president removed his hat. Thanks to
this extreme measure a semi-silence was obtained.

  "A communication!” said Uncle Prudent, after
taking a huge pinch from the snuff-box which never
left him.

  “Speak up!" answered eighty-nine voices, acci-
dentally in agreement on this one point.

   “A stranger, my dear colleagues, asks to be ad-
mitted to the meeting.”

   “Never!” replied every voice.

   “He desires to prove to us, it would appear,” con-
tinued Uncle Prudent, “'hat to believe in guiding
balloons is to believe in’^e absurdest of Utopias!”

   “Let him in ! Let hiirMn !”

  “What is the name of this singular personage?”
asked secretary Phil Evans.

   “Robur," replied Uncle Prudent.

  “Robur! Robur! Robur!” yelled the assembly.
And the welcome accorded so quickly to the curious
name was chiefly due to the Weldon Institute hoping
to vent its exasperation on the head of him who bore
it!

CHAPTER IV
In Which a New Character Appears

TIZENS of the United States! My name

  1 is Robur. I am worthy of the name ! I am

   V—^ forty years old, although I look but thirty,
and I have a constitution of iron, a healthy vigor that
nothing can shake, a muscular strength that few can
equal, and a digestion that would be thought first
class even in an ostrich!”

  They were listening! Yes! The riot was quelled
at once by the totally unexpected fashion of the
speech. Was this fellow a madman or a hoaxer?
Whoever he was, he kept his audience in hand.
There was not a whisper in the meeting in which
but a few minutes ago the storm was in full fury.

  And Robur looked the man he said he was. Of
middle height and geometric breadth, his figure was
a regular trapezoid with the greatest of its parallel
sides formed by the line of his shoulders. On this
line attached by a robust neck there rose an enormous
spheroidal head. The head of what animal did it

resemble from the point of view of passional anal-
ogy? The head of a bull; but a bull with an intelli-
gent face. Eyes which at the least opposition would
glow like coals of fire; and above them a permanent
contraction of the superciliary muscle, an invariable
sign of extreme energy. Short hair, slightly woolly,
with metallic reflections; large chest rising and fall-
ing like a smith’s bellows; arms, hands, legs, feet,
all worthy of the trunk. No mustaches, no whiskers,
but a large American goatee, revealing the attach-
ments of the jaw whose masseter muscles were
evidently of formidable strength. It has been cal-
culated—what has not been calculated?—that the
pressure of the jaw of an ordinary crocodile can
reach four hundred atmospheres, while that of a
hound can only amount to one hundred. From this
the following curious formula has been deduced:—
If a kilogram o.f dog produces eight kilograms of
masseteric force, a kilogram of crocodile could pro-
duce twelve. Now, a kilogram of the aforesaid
Robur would not produce less than ten, so that he
came between the dog and the crocodile.

  From what country did this remarkable specimen
come ? It was difficult to say. One thing was notice-
able, and that was that he expressed himself fluently
in English without a trace of the drawling twang
that distinguishes the Yankees of New England.

  He continued: “And now, honorable citizens, for
my mental faculties. You see before you an engineer
whose nerves are in no way inferior to his muscles.
I have no fear of anything or anybody. I have a
strength of will that has never had to yield. When

I	have decided on a thing, all America, all the world,
may strive in vain to keep me from it. When I have
an idea I allow no one to share it, and I do not per-
mit any contradiction. I insist on these details,
honorable citizens, because it is necessary you should
quite understand me. Perhaps you think I am talk-
ing too much about myself? It does not matter if
you do! And now consider a little before you inter-
rupt me, as I have come to tell you something that
you may not be particularly pleased to hear.”

  A sound as of the surf on the beach began to rise
along the first row of seats—a sign that the sea
would not be long in getting stormy again.

  “Speak, stranger!” said Uncle Prudent, who had
some difficulty in restraining himself.

  And Robur spoke as follows, without troubling
himself any more about his audience.

  “Yes! I know it well! After a century of experi-
ments that have led to nothing, and trials giving no
result, there still exist ill-balanced minds who believe
in dirigible balloons. They imagine that a motor of
some sort, electric or otherwise, might be applied
to their pretentious skin bags which are at the mercy
of every current in the atmosphere. They persuade
themselves that they can be masters of an aerostat
as they can be masters of a ship on the surface of
the sea. Because a few inventors in calm or nearly
calm weather have succeeded in working on an angle
with the wind, or even going to windward in a gentle
breeze, they think that the steering of aerial appa-
ratus lighter than the air is a practicable matter.
Well, now, look here: You hundred, who believe in
the realization of your dreams, are throwing your
thousands of dollars not into water but into space!
You are fighting the impossible!”

  Strange it was that at this affirmation the mem-
bers of the Weldon Institute did not move. Had
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

833

they become as deal’ ;; they were patient? Or were
they reserving themselves to see how far this auda-
cious contradictor would dare to go?

  Robur continued: “What ? A balloon! When
to obtain the raising of a couple of pounds you
require a cubic yard of gas. A balloon pretending
to resist the wind by aid of its mechanism, when
the pressure of a light breeze on a vessel’s sails is
not less than that of four hundred horsepower; when
in the accident at the Tay Bridge you saw the storm
produce a pressure of eight and a half hundredweight
on a square yard. A balloon, when on such a sys-
tem nature has never constructed anything flying,
whether furnished with wings like birds, or mem-
branes like certain fish, or certain mammalia-”

  “Mammalia?” exclaimed one of the members.

  “Yes! Mammalia! The bat, which flies, if I am
not mistaken! Is the gentleman unaware that this
flier is a mammal? Did he ever see an omelette
made of bat’s eggs?”

  The interrupter reserved himself for future inter-
ruption, and Robur resumed: “But does that mean
that man is to give up the conquest of the air, and
the transformation of the domestic and political
manners of the old world, by the use of this admir-
able means of locomotion? By no means. As he
has become master of the seas with the ship, by the
oar, the sail, the wheel, and the screw, so shall he
become master of atmospherical space by apparatus
heavier than the air—for it must be heavier to be
stronger than the air!”

  And then the assembly exploded. What a broad-
side of yells escaped from all these mouths, aimed
at Robur like the muzzles of so many guns! Was
not this hurling a declaration of war into the very
camp of the balloonists? Was not this a stirring up
of strife between “the lighter” and “the heavier”
than air?

  Robur did not even frown. With folded arms he
waited bravely till silence was obtained.

  By a gesture Uncle Prudent ordered the firing to
cease.

  “Yes,” continued Robur, “the future is for the
flying machine. The air affords a solid fulcrum.
If you will give a column of air an ascensional move-
ment of forty-five meters a second, a man can sup-
port himself 011 the top of it if the soles of his boots
have a superficies of only the eighth of a square
meter. And if the speed be increased to ninety
meters, he can walk on it with naked feet. Or if,
by means of a screw, you drive a mass of air at
this speed, you get the same result.”

  What Robur said had been said before by all the
partisans of aviation, whose work slowly but surely
is leading 011 to the solution of the problem. To
Ponton d’Amecourt, La Landelle, Nadar, De Luzy,
De Louvrie, Liais, Beleguir, Moreau, the brothers
Richard, Babinet, Jobert, Du Temple, Salives, Pen-
aud, De Villeneuve, Gauchot and Tatin, Michel
Loup, Edison, Planavergne, and so many others,
belongs the honor of having brought forward ideas
of such simplicity. Abandoned and resumed times
without number, they are sure some day to triumph.
To the enemies of aviation, who urge that the bird
only sustains himself by warming the air he strikes,
their answer is ready. Have they not proved that
an eagle weighing five kilograms would have to fill
fifty cubic meters with his warm fluid merely to
sustain himself in space?

  This is what Robur demonstrated with undeniable
logic amid the uproar that arose on all sides. And
in conclusion these are the words he hurled in the
faces of the balloonists: “With your balloons you
can do nothing—you will arrive at nothing—you
dare do nothing! The boldest of your aeronauts,
John Wise, although he has made an aerial voyage
of twelve hundred miles above the American conti-
nent, has had to give up his project of crossing the
Atlantic! And you have not advanced a step—not
one step—towards your end.”

  “Sir,” said the president, who in vain endeavored
to keep himself cool, “you forget what was said by
our immortal Franklin at the first appearance of the
fire balloon, ‘It is but a child, but it will grow!’ It
was but a child, and it has grown.”

  “No, Mr. President, it has not grown! It has got
fatter—and that is not the same thing!”

  This was a direct attack on the Weldon Institute,
which had decreed, helped, and paid for the making
of a monster balloon. And so propositions of the
following kind began to fly about the room: “Turn
him out!” “Throw him off the platform!” “Prove
that he is heavier than the air!”

BUT these were only words, not means to an end.
Robur remained impassible, and continued',
“There is no progress for your aerostats, my citizen
balloonists; progress is for flying machines. The
bird flies, and he is not a balloon, he is a piece of
mechanism!”

  “Yes, he flies!” exclaimed the fiery Bat. T. Fynn;
“but he flies against all the laws of mechanics.”
“Indeed!” said Robur, shrugging his shoulders,
and resuming, “Since we have begun the study of
the flight of large and snail birds one simple idea
has prevailed—to imitate nature, which never makes
mistakes. Between the alDatross, which gives hardly
ten beats of the wing per minute, between the pelican,

which gives seventy-”

  “Seventy-one,” said the voice of a scoffer.

  “And the bee, which gives one hundred and ninety-

two per second-”

  “One hundred and ninety-three!” said the face-
tious individual.

  “And the common house fly, which gives three

hundred and thirty-”

  “And a half!”

  “And the mosquito, which gives millions-”

  “No, milliards!”

  But Robur, the interrupted, interrupted not his

demonstration. “Between these different rates-”

he continued.

  “There is a difference,” said a voice.

  “There is a possibility of finding a practical solu-
tion. When De Lucy showed that the stag beetle,
an insect weighing only two grammes, could lift a
weight of four hundred grammes, or two hundred
times its own weight, the problem of aviation was
solved. Besides, it has been shown that the wing
surface decreases in proportion to the increase of
the size and weight of the animal. Hence we can

look forward to such contrivances-”

  “Which would never fly!” said secretary Phil
Evans.

  “Which have flown, and which will fly,” said
Robur, without being in the least disconcerted, “and
which we can call streophores, helicopters, orthopters
or, in imitation of the word ‘nef,’ which comes
834.

AMAZING STORIES

from ‘navis,’ or call them ‘efs,’ from ‘avis,’—by
means of which man will become the master of space.

The helix-”

  “Ah, the helix!” replied Phil Evans. “But the
bird has no helix; that we know!”

  “So,” said Robur; “but Penaud has shown that
in reality the bird makes a helix, and its flight is
helicopteral. And the motor of the future is the
screw-”

          “From such a maladee
          Saint Helix keep us free!”

sung out one of the members, who had accidentally
hit upon the air from Herold’s Zampa.

  And they all took up the chorus:

          “From such a maladee
          Saint Helix keep us free!”

with such intonations and variations as would have
made the French composer groan in his grave.

  As the last notes died away in a frightful discord
Uncle Prudent took advantage of the momentary
calm to say, “Stranger, up to now, we let you speak
without interruption.”

  It seemed that for the president of the Weldon
Institute shouts, yells, and catcalls were not inter-
ruptions, but only an exchange of arguments.

  “But I may remind you, all the same, that the
theory of aviation is condemned beforehand, and
rejected by the majority of American and foreign
engineers. It is a system which was the cause of
the death of the Flying Saracen at Constantinople,
of the monk Volador at Lisbon, of De Leturn in
1852, of De Groof in 1864, besides the victims I

forget since the mythological Icarus-”

  “A system,” replied Robur, “no more to be con-
demned than that whose''martyrology contains the
names of Pilatre de Rozier at Calais, of Blanchard
at Paris, of Donaldson and Grimwood in Lake
Michigan, of Sivel and of Croce-Spinelli, and others
whom it takes good care to forget.”

  This was a counter-thrust with a vengeance.
“Besides,” continued Robur. “with your balloons
as good as you can make them you will never obtain
any speed worth mentioning. It would take you ten
years to go round the world—and a flying machine
could do it in a week!”

  Here arose a new tempest of protests and denials,
which lasted for three long minutes. And then Phil
Evans took up the word.

  “Mr. Aviator,” he said, “you who talk so much
of the benefits of aviation, have you ever aviated?”
“I have.”

  “And made the conquest of the air?”

  “Not unlikely.”

  “Hooray for Robur the Conqueror!” shouted an
ironical voice.

  “Well, yes! Robur the Conqueror! I accept the
name and I will bear it, for I have a right to it.”

  “We beg to doubt it!” said Jem Chip.
“Gentlemen,” said Robur. and his brows knit,
“when I have just seriously stated a serious thing I
do not permit anyone to reply to me by a flat denial,
and I shall be glad to know the name of the
interrupter.”

  “My name is Chip, and T am a vegetarian.”
“Citizen Chip,” said Robur, “I knew that vege-
tarians had longer alimentary canals than other men

—a good foot longer at the least. That is quite long
enough; and so do not compel me to make yours
any longer by beginning at your ears and-”

  “Throw him out.”

  “Into the street with him!”

  “Lynch him!”

  “Helix him!”

   The rage of the balloonists burst forth at last.

  They rushed at the platform. Robur disappeared
amid a sheaf of hands that were thrown about as
if caught in a storm. In vain the steam whistle
screamed its fanfares over the assembly. Philadel-
phia might well think that a fire was devouring one
of its quarters and that all the waters of the Schuyl-
kill could not put it out.

  Suddenly there was a recoil in the tumult. Robur
had put his hands into his pockets, withdrawn them,
and now held them out at the front ranks of the
infuriated mob.

  In each hand was one of those American institu-
tions known as revolvers which the mere pressure of
the fingers is enough to fire—pocket mitrailleuses in
fact.

  And taking advantage not only of the recoil of
his assailants but also of the silence which accom-
panied it,

  “Decidedly,” said he, “it was not Amerigo that
discovered the New World, it was Cabot! You are
not Americans, citizen balloonists! You are only
Cabo—”

  Four or five pistol shots cracked out, fired into
space. They hurt nobody. Amid the smoke the
engineer vanished; and when it had thinned away
there was no trace of him. Robur the conqueror
had flown, as if some apparatus of aviation had borne
him into the air.

CHAPTER V

Another Disappearance

THIS was not the first occasion on which, at
the end of their stormy discussions, the mem-
bers of the Weldon Institute had filled Walnut
Street and its neighborhood with their tumult. Sev-
eral times had the inhabitants complained of the
noisy way in which the proceedings ended, and more
than once had the policemen had to interfere to clear
the thoroughfare for the passersby, who for the
most part were supremely indifferent on this question
of aerial navigation. But never before had the
tumult attained such proportions, never had the com-
plaints been better founded, never had the interven-
tion of the police been more necessary.

  But there was some excuse for the members of
the Weldon Institute. They had been attacked in
their own house. To these enthusiasts for “lighter
than air” a no less enthusiast for “heavier than air”
had said things absolutely abhorrent. And at the
moment they were about to treat him as he deserved,
he had disappeared.

  So they cried aloud for vengeance. To leave such
insults unpunished was impossible to all with Ameri-
can blood in their veins. Had not the sons of
Amerigo been called the sons of Cabot? Was not
that an insult as unpardonable as it happened to be
just—historically?

  The members of the club in several groups rushed
down Walnut Street, then into the adjoining streets,
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

835

and then all over the neighborhood. They woke
up the householders; they compelled them to search
their houses, prepared to indemnify them later on
for the outrage on their privacy. Vain were all
their trouble and searching. Robur was nowhere
to be found; there was no trace of him. He might
have gone off in the Go-ahead, the balloon of the
Institute, for all they could tell. After an hour’s
hunt the members had to give in and separate, not
before they had agreed to extend their search over
the whole territory of the twin Americas that form
the new continent.

  By eleven o’clock quiet had been restored in the
neighborhood of Walnut Street. Philadelphia was
able to sink again into that sound sleep which is the
privilege of non-manufacturing towns. The different
members of the club parted to seek their respective
houses. To mention the most distinguished amongst
them, William T. Forbes sought his large sugar
establishment, where Miss Doll and Miss Mat had
prepared for him his evening tea, sweetened with
his own glucose. Truck Milnor took the road to
his factory in the distant suburb, where the engines
worked day and night. Treasurer Jem Chip, publicly
accused of possessing an alimentary canal twelve
inches longer than that of other men, returned to
the vegetable soup that was waiting for him.

  Two of the most important balloonists—two only
—did not seem to think of returning so soon to their
domicile. They availed themselves of the oppor-
tunity to discuss the question with more than usual
acrimony. These were the irreconcilables, Uncle
Prudent and Phil Evans, the president and secre-
tary of the Weldon Institute.

  At the door of the club the valet Frycollin waited
for Uncle Prudent, his master, and at last he went
after him, though he caj-ed but little for the subject
which had set the two colleagues at loggerheads.

  It is only by an euphemism that the verb “discuss”
can be used to express the way in which the duet
between the president and secretary was being per-
formed. As a matter of fact they were in full
wrangle with an energy born of their old rivalry.

  “No, sir, no,” said Phil Evans. “If I had had the
honor of being president of the Weldon Institute,
there never, no, never, would have been such a
scandal.”

  “And what would you have done, if you,had had
the honor?” demanded Uncle Prudent.

  “I would have stopped the insulter before he had
opened his mouth.”

  “It seems to me it would have been impossible to
stop him until he had opened his mouth,” replied
Uncle Prudent.

  “Not in America, sir; not in America.”

AND exchanging such observations, increasing
in bitterness as they went, they walked on
through the streets farther and farther from their
homes, until they reached a part of the city whence
they had to go a long way round to get back.

  Frycollin followed, by no means at ease to see his
master plunging into such deserted spots. He did
not like deserted spots, particularly after midnight.
In fact the darkness was profound and the moon was
only a thin crescent just beginning its monthly life.
Frycollin kept a lookout to the left and right of him
to see if he was followed. And he fancied he could
see five or six hulking fellows dogging his footsteps.

Instinctively he drew nearer to his master, but not
for the world would he have dared to break in on
the conversation of which the fragments reached him.

  In short it so chanced that the president and sec-
retary of the Weldon Institute found themselves on
the road to Fairmount Park. In the full heat of
their dispute they crossed the Schuylkill River by
the famous iron bridge. They met only a few belated
wayfarers, and pressed on across a wide open tract
where the immense prairie was broken every now
and then by the patches of thick woodland which
make the park different from any other in the world.

  There Frycollin’s terror became acute, particularly
as he saw the five or six shadows gliding after him
across the Schuylkill bridge. The pupils of his eyes
broadened out to the circumference of his iris, and
his limbs seemed to diminish as if endowed with the
contractility peculiar to the mollusca and certain of
the articulata; for Frycollin, the valet, was an egre-
gious coward.

  He was a pure South Carolina negro, with the
head of a fool and the carcass of an imbecile. Being
only one and twenty, he had never been a slave, not
even by birth, but that made no difference to him.
Grinning and greedy and idle, and a magnificent
poltroon, he had been the servant of Uncle Prudent
for about three years. Over and over again had his
master threatened to kick him out, but had kept him
on for fear of doing worse. With a master ever
ready to venture on the most audacious enterprises,
Frycollin’s cowardice had brought him many arduous
trials. But he had some compensation. Very little
had been said about his gluttony, and still less about
his laziness.

  Ah, Valet Frycollin, if you could only have read
the future! Why, oh v'ly, Frycollin, did you not
remain at Boston with ^e Sneffels, and not have
given them up when they talked of going to Switzer-
land ? Was not that a much more suitable place for
you than this of Uncle Prudent’s, where danger was
daily welcomed ?

  But here he was, and his master had become used
to his faults. He had one advantage, and that was
a consideration. Although he was a negro by birth
he did not speak like a negro, and nothing is so irri-
tating as that hateful jargon in which all the pro-
nouns are objective and all the verbs infinitive. Let
it be understood, also that Frycollin was a thorough
coward.

  And now it was midnight, and the pale crescent
of the moon began to sink in the west behind the
trees in the park. The rays streaming fitfully
through the branches made the shadows darker than
ever. Frycollin looked around him anxiously.
“Brrr!” he said, “there are those fellows there'all
the time. Positively they are getting nearer! Master
Uncle!” he shouted.

  It was thus he called the president of the Weldon
Institute, and thus did the president desire to be
called.

  At the moment the dispute of the rivals had
reached its maximum, and as they hurled their epi-
thets at each other they walked faster and faster,
and drew farther and farther away from the Schuyl-
kill bridge. They had reached the center of a wide
clump of trees, whose summits were just tipped by
the parting rays of the moon. Beyond the trees was
a very large clearing—an ov?l field, a complete
amphitheater. Not a hillock was there to hinder the
836

AMAZING STORIES

gallop of the horses, not a bush to stop the view of
the spectators.

  And if Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans had not
been so deep in their dispute, and had used their
eyes as they were accustomed to, they would have
found the clearing was not in its usual state. Was
it a flour mill that had anchored on it during the
night? It looked like it, with its wings and sails—
motionless and mysterious in the gathering gloom.

  But neither the president nor the secretary of the
Weldon Institute noticed the strange modification in
the landscape of Fairmount Park; and neither did
Frycollin. It seemed to him that the thieves were
approaching, and preparing for their attack; and he
was seized with convulsive fear, paralyzed in his
limbs, with every hair he could boast of on the bristle.
His terror was extreme. His knees bent under him,
but he had just strength enough to exclaim for the
last time, “Master Uncle! Master Uncle!”

  “What is the matter with you ?” asked Uncle Pru-
dent. Perhaps the disputants would not have been
sorry to have relieved their fury at the expense of the
unfortunate valet. But they had no time; and neither
even had he time to answer.

   A whistle was heard. A flash of electric light shot
across the clearing.

  A signal, doubtless? The moment had come for
the deed of violence! In less time than it takes to
tell, six men came leaping across from under the
trees, two upon Uncle Prudent, two upon Phil Evans,
two upon Frycollin—there was no need for the two
last, for the negro was incapable of defending him-
self. The president and secretary of the Weldon In-
stitute, although taken by surprise, would have re-
sisted.

  They had neither time ror strength to do so. In
a second they were rendered speechless by a gag,
blind by a bandage, thrcrtvn down, pinioned and
carried bodily off across the clearing. What could
they think except that they had fallen into the hands
of people who intended to rob them ? The people did
nothing of the sort, however. They did not even
touch Uncle Prudent’s pockets, although, according
to his custom, they were full of paper dollars.

  Within a minute of the attack, without a word
being passed, Uncle Prudent, Phil Evans, and Fry-
collin felt themselves laid gently down, not on the
grass, but on a sort of plank that creaked beneath
them. They were laid down side by side.

  A door was shut; and the grating of a bolt in a
staple told them that they were prisoners.

  Then there came a continuous buzzing, a quivering,
a frrrr with the rrr unending.

  And that was the only sound that broke the quiet
of the night.

  Great was the excitement next morning in Phila-
delphia! Very early was it known what had passed
at the meeting of the Institute. Everyone knew of
the appearance of the mysterious engineer named
Robur — Robur the Conqueror — and the tumult
among the balloonists, and his inexplicable disap-
pearance.

  But it was quite another thing when all the town
heard that the president and secretary of the club
had also disappeared during the night.

  Long and keen was the search in the city and
neighborhood ! Useless! The newspapers of Phila-

delphia, the newspapers of Pennsylvania, the news-
papers of the United States reported the facts and
explained them in a hundred ways, not one of which
was the right one. Heavy rewards were offered, and
placards were pasted up, but all to no purpose. The
earth seemed to have opened and bodily swallowed
the president and secretary of the Weldon Institute.

CHAPTER VI

The President and Secretary Suspend Hostilities

A BANDAGE over the eyes, a gag in the mouth,
a cord round the wrists, a cord round the
ankles, ur>able to see, to speak, or to move,
Uncle Prudent, Phil Evans, and Frycollin were any-
thing but pleased with their position. Knowing not
who had seized them, nor into what they had been
thrown like parcels in a goods wagon, nor where
they were, nor what was reserved for them—it was
enough to exasperate even the most patient of the
ovine race, and we know that the members of the
Weldon Institute were not precisely sheep as far as
patience went. With his violence of character we can
easily imagine how Uncle Prudent felt. One thing
was evident, that Phil Evans and he would find it
difficult to attend the club next evening.

  As to Frycollin, with his eyes shut and his mouth
closed, it was impossible for him to think of any-
thing. He was more dead than alive.

  For an hour the position of the prisoners remained
unchanged. No one came to visit them, or to give
them that liberty of movement and speech of which
they lay in such need. They were reduced to stifled
sighs, to grunts emitted over and under their gags,
to everything that betrayed anger kept dumb and
fury imprisoned, or rather bound down. Then after
many fruitless efforts they remained for some time
as though lifeless. Then as the sense of sight was
denied them they tried by their sense of hearing to
obtain some indication of the nature of this disquiet-
ing state of things. But in vain did they seek for
any other sound than an interminable and inexplic-
able f-r-r-r which seemed to envelope them in a
quivering atmosphere.

  At last something happened. Phil Evans, regain-
ing his coolness, managed to slacken the cord which
bound his wrists. Little by little the knot slipped,
his fingers slipped over each other, and his hands
regained their usual freedom.

  A vigorous rubbing restored the circulation. A
moment after he had slipped off the bandage which
bound his eyes_, taken the gag out of his mouth, and.
cut the cords round his ankles with his knife. An
American who has not a bowie-knife in his pocket is
no longer an American.

  But if Phil Evans had regained the power of
moving and speaking, that was all. His eyes were
useless to him—at present at any rate. The prison
was quite dark, though about six feet above him a
feeble gleam of light came in through a kind of loop-
hole.

  As may be imagined, Phil Evans did not hesitate
to at once set free his rival. A few cuts with the
bowie settled the knots which bound him foot and
hand.

  Immediately Uncle Prudent rose to his knees and
snatched away his bandage and his gag.

  “Thanks,” said he. in a stifled voice.
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

837

 “No!” said the other, “no thanks.”

 “Phil Evans?”

 “Uncle Prudent?”

 “Here we are no longer the president and secretary
 of the Weldon Institute. We are adversaries no
 more.”

 “You are right,” answered Evans. “We are now
 only two men agreed to avenge ourselves on a third
 whose attempt deserves severe reprisals. And this

 third is-”

 “Robur!”

 “It is Robur!”

 On this point both were absolutely in accord. On
 this subject there was no fear of dispute.

 “And your servant ?” said Phil Evans, pointing to
 Frycollin, who was puffing like a grampus. “We
 must set him free.”

 “Not yet,” said Uncle Prudent. “He would over-
 whelm us with his jeremiads, and we have something
 else to do than abuse each other.

 “What is that, Uncle Prudent?”

 “To save ourselves if possible.”

 “And even if it is impossible.”

 “You are right; even if it is impossible.”

 There could be no doubt that this kidnapping was
 due to Robur, for an ordinary thief would have
 relieved them of their watches, jewelry, and purses,
 and thrown their bodies in the Schuylkill with a good
 gash in their throats instead of throwing them to the
 bottom of- Of what? That was a serious ques-
 tion, which would have to be answered before at-
 tempting an escape with any chance of success.

 “Phil Evans,” began Uncle Prudent, “if, when we
 came away from our meeting, instead of indulging
 in amenities to which we need not recur, we had kept
 our eyes more open, this would not have happened.
 Had we remained in the streets of Philadelphia there
 would have been none of this. Evidently Robur
 foresaw what would happen at the club, and had
 placed some of his bandits on guard at the door.
 When we left Walnut Street these fellows must have
 watched us and followed us, and when we impru-
 dently ventured into Fairmount Park they, went in
 for their little game.”

 “Agreed,” said Evans. “We were wrong not to go
 straight home.”

 “It is always wrong not to be right,” said Prudent.
 Here a long-drawn sigh escaped from the darkest
 corner of the prison. “What is that?” asked Evans.
 “Nothing! Frycollin is dreaming.”

 “Between the moment we were seized a few steps
 out into the clearing and the moment we were thrown
 in here only two minutes elapsed. It is thus evident
 that these people did not take us out of Fairmount
 Park.”

 “And if they had done so we should have felt we
 were being moved.”

 “Undoubtedly; and consequently we must be in
 some vehicle, perhaps some of those long prairie

 wagons, or some show-caravan-”

 “Evidently! For if we were in a boat moored on
 the Schyulkill we should have noticed the movement

 due to the current-”

 “That is so; and as we are still in the clearing, I
 think that now is the time to get away, and we can

 return later to settle with this Robur-”

 “And make him pay for this attempt on the liberty
 of two citizens of the United States.”

 “And he shall pay pretty dearly!”

  “But who is this man? Where does he come from?
Is he English, or German, or French-”

  “He is a scoundrel, that is enough!” said Uncle
Prudent. “Now to work.” And then the two men,
with their hands stretched out and their fingers wide
apart, began to feel round the walls to find a joint
or crack.

  Nothing. Nothing; not even at the door. It was
closely shut and it was impossible to shoot back the
lock. All that could be done was to make a hole, and
escape through the hole. It remained to be seen if
the knives could cut into the walls.

  “But whence comes this never-ending rustling?”
asked Evans, who was much impressed at the con-
tinuous f-r-r-r.

  “The wind, doubtless,” said Uncle Prudent.

  “ I he wind! But I thought the night was quite
calm.”

  “So it was. But if it isn’t the wind, what can it
be?”

  Phil Evans got out the best blade of his knife and
set to work on the wall near the door. Perhaps he
might make a hole which would enable him to open
it from the outside should it be only bolted or should
the key have been left in the lock.

  He worked away for some minutes. The only
result was to nip up his knife, to snip off its point,
and transform what was left of the blade into a
saw.

  “Doesn’t it cut ?” asked Uncle Prudent.

  “No.”

  “Is the wall made of sheet iron?”

  “No ; it gives no metallic sound when you hit it.”

  “Is it of ironwood?”

  “No; it isn’t iron and it isn’t wood.”

  “What is it then?”

  “Impossible to say. Lut, anyhow, steel doesn’t
touch it.”

  Uncle Prudent, in a sudden outburst of fury,
began to rave and stamp on the sonorous planks,
while his hands sought to strangle an imaginary
Robur.

E calm, Prudent, be calm! You have a try.”
Uncle Prudent had a try, but the knife could
do nothing against a wall which its best blades could
not even scratch. The wall seemed to be made of
crystal.

  So it became evident that all flight was imprac-
ticable except through the door, and for a time they
must resign themselves to their fate—not a very
pleasant thing for the Yankee temperament, and very
much to the disgust of these eminently practical men.
But this conclusion was not arrived at without many
objurgations and loud-sounding phrases hurled at
this Robur—who, from what had been seen of him
at the Weldon Institute, was not the sort of man to
trouble himself much about them.

  Suddenly Frycollin began to give unequivocal signs
of being unwell. He began to writhe in a most
lamentable fashion, either with cramp in his stomach
or in his limbs; and Uncle Prudent, thinking it his
duty to put an end to these gymnastics, cut the cords
that bound him.

  He had cause to be sorry for it. Immediately there
was poured forth an interminable litany, in which the
terrors of fear were mingled with the tortures of
hunger. Frycollin was no worse in his brain than
in his stomach, and it would have been difficult to
838

AMAZING STORIES

decide to which organ the chief cause of the trouble
should be assigned.

  “Frycollin!” said Uncle Prudent.

  “Master Uncle! Master Uncle!” answered the
negro between two of his lugubrious howls.

  “It is possible that we are doomed to die of hunger
in this prison, but we have made up our minds not to
succumb until we have availed ourselves of every
means of alimentation to prolong our lives.”

  “To eat me?” exclaimed Frycollin.

  “As is always done with a negro under such cir-
cumstances! So you had better not make yourself

too obvious-”

“Or you’ll have your bones picked !” said Evans.
And as Frycollin saw he might be used to prolong
two existences more precious than his own, he con-
tented himself thenceforth with groaning in quiet.

  The time went on, and all attempts to force the
door or get through the wall proved fruitless. What
the wall was made of was impossible to say. It was
not metal; it was not wood; it was not stone. And

II	the cell seemed to be made of the same stuff.
When they stamped on the floor it gave a peculiar
sound that tlncle Prudent found difficult to describe;
the floor seciiied to sound hollow, as if it were
not resting directly on the ground of the clearing.
And the inexplicable f-r-r-r-r ?eemed to sweep along
below it. All of which was rathet i*arn«ng.

  ■‘Uncle Prudent.” said Phil Evans.

  ‘•Well?”

  “Do you think lur prisor has been moved at all ?”
  “Not that 1 know at.”

  “Because when we were first caught I distinctly
remember the fresh fragrance of the grass and the
resinous odor of the park +rees. While now, wher 1
take in a good sniff of the"air, it seems as though all
that had gone.”

  “So it has.”

  “Why?”

  “We cannot say why unless we admit that the
prison has moved; and I say again that if the prison
had moved, either as a vehicle on the road or a boat
on the stream, we should have felt it.”

  Here Frycollin gave vent to a long groan, which
might have been taken for his last had he not fol-
lowed it up with several more.

  “I expect Robur will soon have us brought before
him,” said Phil Evans.

  “1 hope so,” said Uncle Prudent. “And I shall tell
him—”

  “What?”

  “That he began by being rude and ended in being
unbearable.”

  Here Phil Evans noticed that day was beginning
to break. A gleam, still faint, filtered through the
narrow window opposite the door. It ought thus to
be about four o’clock in (he morning, for it is at
that hour in the month of June in this latitude that
the horizon of Philadelphia is tinged by the first rays
of the dawn.

  But when Uncle Prudent sounded his repeater—
which was a masterpiece from his colleague’s fac-
tory—the tiny gong only gave a quarter to three, and
the watch had not stopped.

  “That is strange!” said Phil Evans. “At a quarter
to three it ought still to be night.”

“Perhaps my watch has got slow,” answered Uncle
Prudent.

 “A watch of the Wheelton Watch Company!” ex-
 claimed Phil Evans.

 Whatever might be the reason, there was no doubt
 {hat the day was breaking. Gradually the window
 became white in the deep darkness of the cell. How-
 ever, if the dawn appeared sooner than the fortieth
 parallel permitted, it did not advance with the
 rapidity peculiar to lower latitudes. This was another
 observation of Uncle Prudent’s—a new inexplicable
 phenomenon.

 “Couldn’t we get up to the window and see where
 we are?”

 “We might,” said Uncle Prudent. “Frycollin, get
 up!”

 The negro arose.

 “Put your back against the wall,” continued Pru-
 dent, “and you, Evans, get on his shoulders while I
 buttress him up.”

 “Right!” said Evans.

 An instant afterwards his knees were on Fry-
 collin’s shoulders, and his eyes were level with the
 window. The window was not of lenticular glass like
 those on shipboard, but was a simple flat pane. It
 was small, and Phil Evans found his range of view
 was much limited.

 “Break the glass,” said Prudent, “and perhaps you
 will be able to see better.”

 Phil Evans gave it a sharp knock with the handle
 of hi? bowie-knife. It gave back a silvery sound,
 but n jid not break.

 Another and more violent blow. The same result.
 “It is unbreakable glass!” said Evans.

 It appeared as though the pane was made of glass
 ■roughened on the Siemens system is after several
 blows it remained intact.

 The light had now 'no-eased, and Phil Evans xuld
 see for some distance within the radius allowed by
 the frame.

 “What do you see?” asked Uncle Prudent

 “Nothing.”

 “What? Not any trees?”

 “No.”

 “Not even the top branches?”

 “No.”

 “Then we are not in the clearing?”

 “Neither in the clearing nor in the park.”

 “Don’t you see any roofs of houses or monu-
 ments?” said Prudent, whose disappointment and
 anger were increasing rapidly.

 “No.”

 “What! Not a flagstaff, nor a church tower, nor a
 chimney ?”

 “Nothing but space.”

 As he uttered the words the door opened. A man
 appeared on the threshold. It was Robur.

 “Honorable balloonists!” he said, in a serious
 voice, “you are now free to go and come as you
 like.”

 “Free!” exclaimed Uncle Prudent.

 “Yes—within the limits of the Albatross!”

 Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans rushed out of their
 prison. And what did they see?

 Four thousand feet below them the face of a
 country they sought in vain to recognize.
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

839

CHAPTER VII
On Board the Albatros9

     I THEN will man cease to crawl in the depths
\\/ to live in the azure and quiet of the sky?”
V 7 To this question of Camille Flamma-
rion’s the answer is easy, it will be when the prog-
ress of mechanics has enabled us to solve the problem
of aviation. And in a few years—as we can foresee
—a more practical utilization of electricity will do
much towards that solution.

   in 1783, before the Montgolfier brothers had built
their fire-balloon, and Charles, the physician, had
devised his first aerostat, a few adventurous spirits
had dreamt of the conquest of space by mechanical
means. The first inventors did not think of apparatus
lighter than air; for that the science of their time
did not allow them to imagine. It was to contrivances
heavier than air, to flying machines in imitation of
the birds, that they trusted to realize aerial locomo-
tion.

  This was exactly what had been done by that
madman Icarus, the son of Dcedalus, whose wings,
fixed together with wax, had melted as they ap-
proached the sun.

   But without going back to mythological times,
without dwelling on Archytas of Tarentum, we find
in the works of Dante of Perugia, of Leonardo da
Vinci and Guidotti, the idea of machines made to
move through the air. Two centuries and a half
afterwards inventors began to multiply. In 1742
the Marquis de Bacqueville designed a system of
wings, tried it over the Seine, and fell and broke his
arm. In 1768 Paucton conceived the idea of an
apparatus with two screws, suspensive and propul-
sive. In 1781 Meerwein, the architect of the Prince
of Baden, built an orthopteric machine, and pro-
tested against the tendency of the aerostats which
had just been invented. In 1784 Launoy and Bien-
venu had maneuvered a helicopter worked by springs.
In 1808 there were the attempts at flight by the
Austrian Jacques Degen. In 1810 came the pamphlet
by Deniau of Nantes, in which the principles of
“heavier than air” are laid down. From 1811 to 1840
came the inventions and researches of Derblinger,
Vigual, Sarti. Dubochet, and Cagniard de Latour.
In 1842 we have the Englishman Henson, with his
system of inclined planes and screws worked by
steam. In 1845 came Cossus and his ascensional
screws. In 1847 came Camille Vert and his helicop-
ter made of birds’ wings. In 1852 came Letur with
his system of guidable parachutes, whose trial cost
him his life; and in the same year came Michael
Loup with his plan of gliding through the air on
four revolving wings. In 1853 came Beleguic and
his aeroplane with the traction screws, Vaussin-
Chardannes with his guidable kite, and George
Cauley with his flying-machines driven by gas. From
1854 to 1863 appeared Joseph Pline with several
patents for aerial systems. Breant, Carlingford, Le
Bris. Du Temple. Bright, whose ascensional screws
were left-handed: Smythies, Panafieu, Crosnier, etc.
At length, in 1863, thanks to the efforts of Nadar, a
society of “heavier than air” was founded in Paris.
There the inventors could experiment with the ma-
chines, of which many were patented. Ponton d’Ame-
court and his steam helicopter, La Landelle and his

system of combining screws with inclined planes and
parachutes, Louvrie and his aeroscape, Esterno and
his mechanical bird, Groof and his apparatus with
wings worked by levers. The impetus was given,
inventors invented, calculators calculated all that
could render aerial locomotion practicable. Bourcart,
Le Bris, Kaufmann, Smyth, Stringfellow, Prigent,
Danjard, Pomes and De la Pauze, Moy, Penaud,
Jobert, Haureau de Villeneuve, Achenbach, Gara-
pon, Duchesne, Danduran, Parisel, Dieuaide, Melki-
seff, Forlanini, Bearey, Tatin, Dandrieux, Edison,
some with wings or screws, others with inclined
planes, imagined, created, constructed, perfected their
flying machines, ready to do their work, once there
came to be applied to them by some inventor a motor
of adequate power and excessive lightness.

   This list may be a little long, but that will he for-
given, for it is necessary to give the various steps in
the ladder of aerial locomotion, on the top of which
appeared Robur the Conqueror. Without these at-
tempts, these experiments of his predecessors, how
could the inquirer have conceived so perfect an
apparatus? And though he had but contempt for
those who obstinately worked away in the direction
of balloons, he held in high esteem all those partisans
of “heavier than air," English, American, Italian,
Austrian, French—and particularly French— whose
work had been perfected by him, and led him to
design and then to build this flying machine known as
the Albatross, which he was guiding through the
currents of the atmosphere.

  “The pigeon flies!” had exclaimed one of the
most persistent adepts at aviation.

  “They will crowd the air as they crowd the earth!”
said one of his most excited partisans.

  “From the locomotive to the aeromotive!” shouted
the noisiest of all, who hadnurned on the trumpet of
publicity to awaken the Olu-and New Worlds.

   Nothing, in fact, is better established, by experi-
ment and calculation, than that the air is highly re-
sistant. A circumference of only a yard in diameter
in the shape of a parachute can not only impede
descent in air, but can render it isochronous. That
is a fact.

  It is equally well known that when the speed is
great the work of the weight varies in almost inverse
ratio to the square of the speed, and therefore be-
comes almost insignificant.

  It is also known that as the weight of a flying
animal increases, the less is the proportional increase
in the surface beaten by the wings in order to sus-
tain it, although the motion of the wings becomes
slower.

  A flying machine must therefore be constructed
to take advantage of these natural laws, to imitate
the bird, “that admirable type of aerial locomotion,”
according to Dr. Marcy, of the Institute of France.

  In short, the contrivances likely to solve the
problem are of three kinds:

  1.	Helicopters or spiral if ers, which are simply
screws with vertical axes.

  2.	Orthopters, machines which endeavour to re-
produce the natural flight of birds.

  3.	Aeroplanes, which are merely inclined planes
like kites, but towed or driven by screws.

  Each of these systems has had and still has its
partisans obstinately resolved not to give way in the
slightest particular.
840

AMAZING STORIES

HOWEVER, Robur, for many reasons, had re-
jected the two first.

  The orthopter, or mechanical bird, offers certain
advantages, no doubt. That the work and experi-
ments of M. Renard in 1884 have sufficiently proved.
But, as has been said, it is not necessary to copy
Nature servilely. Locomotives are not copied from
the hare, nor are ships copied from the fish. To the
first we have put wheels which are not legs; to the
second we have put screws which are not fins. And
they do not do so badly. Besides what is this me-
chanical movement in the flight of birds, whose action
is so complex? Has not Doctor Marcy suspected
that the feathers open during the return of the wings
so as to let the air through them? And is not that
rather a difficult operation for an artificial machine?

  On the other hand, aeroplanes have given many
good results. Screws opposing a slanting plane to
the bed of air will produce an ascensional movement,
and the models experimented on have shown that
the disposable weight, that is to say the weight it is
possible to deal with as distinct from that of the
apparatus, increases with the square of the speed.
Herein the aeroplane has the advantage over the
aerostat even when the aerostat is furnished with the
means of locomotion.

  Nevertheless Robur had thought that the simpler
his contrivance the belter. And the screws—the Saint
Helices that had been thrown in his teeth at the
Weldon Institute—had sufficed for all the needs of
his flying machine. One series could hold it sus-
pended in the air, the other could drive it along under
conditions that were marvelously adapted for speed
and safety.

  If the orthopter—striking like the wings of a
bird—raised itself by beating the air, the helicopter
raised itself by striking”the air obliquely with the
fins of the screw as it mounted on an inclined plane.
These fins, or arms, are in reality wings, but wings
disposed as a helix instead of as a paddle wheel. The
helix advances in the direction of its axis. Is the
axis vertical? Then it moves vertically. Is the axis
horizontal ? Then it moves horizontally.

  The whole of Robur’s flying apparatus depended
on these two movements, as will be seen from the
following detailed description, which can be divided
under three heads—the platform, the engines of sus-
pension and propulsion, and the machinery.

  Platform—This was a framework a hundred feet
long and twelve wide, a ship’s deck in fact, with a
projecting prow. Beneath was a hull solidly built,
enclosing the engines, stores, and provisions of all
sorts, including the water tanks. Round the deck a
few light uprights supported a wire trellis that did
duty for bulwarks. On the deck were three houses,
whose compartments were used as cabins for the
crew, or as machine-rooms. In the center house was
the machine which drove the lifting helices, in
that forward was the machine that drove the bow
screw, in that aft was the machine that drove the
stern screw. In the bow were the cook’s galley and
the crew’s quarters; in the stern were several cabins,
including that of the engineer, the saloon, and above
them all a glass house in which stood the helmsman,
who steered the vessel by means of a powerful
rudder. All these cabins were lighted by port-
holes filled with toughened glass, which has ten
times the resistance of ordinary glass. Beneath this
hull was a system of flexible springs to ease off

the concussion when it became advisable to land.

  Engines of suspension and propulsion.—Above the
deck rose thirty-seven vertical axes, fifteen along
each side, and seven, more elevated in the centre.
The Albatross might be called a clipper with thirty-
seven masts. But these masts instead of sails bore
each two horizontal screws, not very large in spread
or diameter, but driven at prodigious speed. Each
of these axes had its movement independent of the
rest, and each alternate one spun round in a different
direction from the others,-so as to avoid any tendency
to gyration. Hence the screws as they rose on the
vertical column of air retained their equilibrium by
their horizontal resistance. Consequently the appara-
tus was furnished with seventy-four lifting screws
whose three wings were connected by a metallic circle
which economized their motive force. In front and
behind, mounted on horizontal axes, were two pro-
pelling screws, each with four arms. These screws
were of much larger diameter than the lifting ones,
but could be worked at quite their speed. In fact,
the vessel combined the system of Cossus, La Lan-
delle, and Ponton d’Amecourt, as perfected by
Robur. But it was in the choice and application of
his motive force that he could claim to be an inventor.

  Machinery.—Robur had not availed himself of the
vapor of water or other liquids, nor compressed air
and other elastic gases, nor explosive mixtures cap-
able of producing mechanical motion. He employed
electricity, that agent which one day will be the soul
of the industrial world. But he required no electro-
generator to produce it. All he trusted to were bat-
teries and accumulators. What were the elements of
these batteries, and what were the acids he used,
Robur only knew. And the construction of the accu-
mulators was kept equally secret. Of what were their
positive and negative plates ? None could say. The
engineer took good care—and not unreasonably—to
keep his secret unpatented. One thing was unmistak-
able, and that was that the batteries were of extraor-
dinary strength; and the accumulators left those of
Faure-Sellon-Volckmar very far behind in yielding
currents whase amperes ran into figures up to then
unknown. Thus there was obtained a power to drive
the screws and communicate a suspending and pro-
pelling force in excess of all his requirements under
any circumstances.

  But—it is as well to repeat it—this belonged en-
tirely to Robur. He kept it a close secret. And, if
the president and secretary of the Weldon Institute
did not happen to discover it, it would probably be
lost to humanity.

  It need not be shown that the apparatus possessed
sufficient stability. Its center of gravity proved that
at once. There was no danger of its making alarm-
ing angles with the horizontal, still less of its cap-
sizing.

  And now for the metal used by Robur in the con-
struction of his aeronef—a name which can be exact-
ly applied to the Albatross. What was this material,
so hard that the bowie-knife of Phil Evans could not
scratch it, and Uncle Prudent could not explain its
nature ? Simply paper!

  For some years this fabrication had been making
considerable progress. Unsized paper, with the sheets
impregnated with dextrin and starch and squeezed in
hydraulic presses, will form a material hard like steel.
There are made of it pulleys, rails, and wagon-
wheels, much more solid than metal wheels, and far
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

841

lighter. And it was this lightness and solidity which
Robur availed himself of in building his aerial loco-
motive. Everything—framework, hull, houses, cabins
—were made of straw paper turned hard as metal
by compression, and—what was not to be despised in
an apparatus flying at great heights—incombustible.
The different parts of the engines and the screws
were made of gelatinized fiber, which combined in
sufficient degree flexibility with resistance. This ma-
terial could be used in every form. It was insoluble
in most gases and liquids, acids or essences, to say
nothing of its insulating properties, and it proved
most valuable in the electric machinery of the Alba-
tross.

  Robur, his mate Tom Turner, an engineer and
two assistants, two steersmen and a cook—eight men
all told— formed the crew of the aeronef, and proved
ample for all the maneuvers required in aerial navi-
gation. There were arms of the chase and of war;
fishing appliances; electric lights; instruments of ob-
servation, compasses, and sextants for checking the
course, thermometers for studying the temperature,
different barometers, some for estimating the heights
attained, others for indicating the variations of at-
mospheric pressure; a storm-glass for forecasting
tempests; a small library; a portable printing press;
a field-piece mounted on a pivot, breech-loading and
throwing a three-inch shell; a supply of powder,
bullets, dynamite cartridges; a cooking-stove warmed
by currents from the accumulators; a stock of pre-
served meats and vegetables sufficient to last for
months. Such were the outfit and stores of the
aeronef—in addition to the famous trumpet.

  There was besides a light india-rubber boat, in-
submersible, which could carry eight men on the
surface of a river, a lake, or a calm sea.

   But were there any parachutes in case of accident ?
No. Robur did not believe in accidents of that kind.
The axes of the screws were independent. The stop-
page of a few would not affect the motion of the
others; and if only half were working, the Albatross
could keep afloat in her natural element.

  “And with her,” said Robur to his guests—guests
in spite of themselves—“I am master of the seventh
part of the world, larger than Africa, Oceania, Asia,
the Americas and Europe, this aerial Icarian sea,
which millions of Icarians will one day people.”

CHAPTER VIII
The Balloonists Refuse to be Convinced

THE president of the Weldon Institute was
stupefied; his companion was astonished. But
neither of them would allow any of their very
natural amazement to be visible.

  The valet Frycollin did not conceal his terror at
finding himself borne through space on such a ma-
chine, and he took no pains whatever to hide it.

  The ascensional screws were rapidly spinning over-
head. Fast as they were going, they would have to
triple their speed if the Albatross was to ascend to
higher zones. The two propellors were running very
easily and driving the ship at about eleven knots an
hour.

  As they leaned over the rail the passengers of the
Albatross could perceive a long sinuous liquid ribbon
which meandered like a mere brook through a varied
country amid the gleaming of many lagoons obliquely
struck by the rays of the sun. The brook was a river,

one of the most important in that district. Along its
left bank was a chain of mountains extending out of
sight.

  “And will you tell us where we are ?” asked Uncle
Prudent, in a voice tremulous with anger.

  “I have nothing to teach you,” answered Robur.
“And will you tell us where we are going?” asked
Phil Evans.

  “Through space.”

  “And how long will that last?”

  “Until it ends.”

  “Are we going round the world?” asked Phil
Evans ironically.

  “Further than that,” said Robur.

  “And if this voyage does not suit us ?” asked Uncle
Prudent.

  “It will have to suit you.”

  That is a foretaste of the nature of the relations
that were to obtain between the master of the Alba-
tross and his guests, not to say his prisoners. Mani-
festly he wished to give them time to cool down, to
admire the marvelous apparatus which was bearing
them through the air, and doubtless to compliment
the inventor. And so he went off to the other end
of the deck, leaving them to examine the arrange-
ment of the machinery and the management of the
ship or to give their whole attention to the land-
scape which was unrolling beneath them.

  “Uncle Prudent,” said Evans, “unless I am mis-
taken we are flying over Eastern Canada. That river
in the northwest is the St. Lawrence. That town we
are leaving behind is Quebec.”

  It was indeed the old city of Champlain, whose
zinc roofs were shining like reflectors in the sun.
The Albatross must thus have reached the forty-
sixth degree of north latitude, and thus was ex-
plained the premature advance of the day with the
abnormal prolongation of the dawn.

  “Yes,” said Phil Evans, “there is the town in its
amphitheater, the hill with its citadel, the Gibraltar
of North America. There are the cathedrals. There
is the Custom House with its dome surmounted by
the British flag!”

  Phil Evans had not finished before the Canadian
city began to slip into the distance.

  The clipper entered a zone of light clouds, which
gradually shut off a view of the ground.

  Robur, seeing that the president and secretary of
the Weldon Institute had directed their attention to
the external arrangements of the Albatross, walked
up to them and said:

“Well, gentlemen, do you believe in the possibility
of aerial locomotion by machines heavier than air?”
It would have been difficult not to succumb to the
evidence. But Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans did
not reply.

  “You are silent,” continued the engineer. “Doubt-
less hunger makes you dumb! But if I undertook to
carry you through the air, I did not think of feed-
ing you on such a poorly nutritive fluid. Your first
breakfast is waiting for you.”

  As Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans were feeling
the pangs of hunger somewhat keenly they did not
care to stand upon ceremony. A meal would commit
them to nothing; and when Robur put them back on
the ground they could resume full liberty of action.

  And so they followed into a small dining-room in
the aftermost house. There they found a well-laid
table at which they could take their meals during the
842

AMAZING STORIES

voyage. There were different preserves; and, among
other things, was a sort of bread made of equal parts
of flour and meat reduced to powder and worked
together with a little lard, which boiled in water
made excellent soup; and there were fried rashers of
bacon; and for drink there was tea.

  Neither had Frycollin been forgotten. He was
taken forward, and there found some strong soup
made of this bread. In truth he had to be very
hungry to eat at all, for his jaws shook with fear,
and almost refused to work. “If it was to break!—
if it was to break!” said the unfortunate negro.
Hence continual faintings. Only think! A fall of
over four thousand feet, which would smash him to
a jelly!

  An hour afterwards Uncle Prudent and Phil
Evans appeared on the deck. Robur was no longer
there. At the stern the man at the wheel in his glass
cage, his eyes fixed on the compass, followed im-
perturbably without hesitation the route given by the
engineer.

  As for the rest of the crew, breakfast probably
kept them from their posts. An assistant engineer,
examining the machinery, went from one house to
the other.

  If the speed of the ship was great the two col-
leagues could only estimate it imperfectly, for the
Albatross had passed through the cloud zone which
the sun showed some four thousand feet below.

  “I can hardly believe it,” said Phil Evans.

  “Don’t believe it!” said Uncle Prudent. And
going to the bow they looked out towards the western
horizon.

  “Another town,” said Phil Evans.

  “Do you recognize it?”

  “Yes! It seems to me ter be Montreal.”

  “Montreal ? But we <>*ily left Quebec two hours
ago!”

  “That proves that we must be going at a speed of

seventy-five miles an hour.”

  Such was the speed of the aeronef; and if the
passengers were not inconvenienced by it, it was
because they were going with the wind. In a calm
such speed would have been difficult and the rate
would have sunk to that of an express. In a head-
wind the speed would have been impossible.

  Phil Evans was not mistaken. Below the Albatross
appeared Montreal, easily recognizable by the Vic-
toria Bridge, a tubular bridge thrown over the St.
Lawrence like the railway viaduct over the Venice
lagoon. Soon they could distinguish the town’s wide
streets, its huge shops, its palatial banks, its cathe-
dral, recently built on the model of St. Peter’s at
Rome, and then Mount Royal, which commands the
city and forms a magnificent park.

  Luckily Phil Evans had visited the chief towns of
Canada, and could recognize them without asking
Robur. After Montreal they passed Ottawa, whose
falls, seen from above, looked like a vast cauldron in
ebullition, throwing off masses of steam with grand
effect.

  “There is the Parliament House.”

  And he pointed out a sort of Nuremburg toy
planted on a hill top. This story with its polychrome
architecture resembled the House of Parliament in
London much as the Montreal cathedral resembles
St. Peter’s at Rome. But that was of no conse-
quence ; there could be no doubt it was Ottawa.

  Soon the city faded off towards the horizon, and
formed but a luminous spot on the ground

IT was almost two hours before Robur appeared.
His mate, Tom Turner, accompanied him. He
said only three words. These were transmitted to
the two assistant engineers in the fore and aft engine-
houses. At a sign the helmsman changed the direc-
tion of the Albatross a couple of points to the south-
west ; at the same time Uncle Prudent and Phil
Evans felt that a greater speed had been given to the
propellers.

  In fact, the speed had been doubled, and now sur-
passed anything that had ever been attained by ter-
restrial engines. Torpedo boats do their twenty-two
knots an hour; railway trains do their sixty miles an
hour; the ice boats on the frozen Hudson do their
sixty-five miles an hour; a machine built by the Pat-
terson company, with a cogged wheel, has done its
eighty miles; and another locomotive between Tren-
ton and Jersey City has done its eighty-four.

  But the Albatross, at full speed, could do her hun-
dred and twenty miles an hour, or 176 feet per
second. This speed is that of the storm which tears
up trees by the roots. It is the mean speed of the
carrier pigeon, and is only surpassed by the flight of
the swallow (220 feet per second), and that of the
swift (274 feet per second).

  In a word, as Robur had said, the Albatross, by
using the whole force of her screws, could make the
tour of the globe in two hundred hours, or less than
eight days.

  Is it necessary to say so ? The phenomenon whose
appearance had so much puzzled the people of both
worlds was the aeronef of the engineer. The trum-
pet which blared its startling fanfares through the air
was that of the mate, Tom Turner. The flag planted
on the chief monuments of Europe, Asia, America,
was the flag of Robur the Conqueror and his Alba-
tross.

  And if up to then the engineer had taken many
precautions against being recognized, if by prefer-
ence he traveled at night, clearing the way with his
electric lights, and during the day vanishing into the
zones above the clouds, he seemed now to have no
wish to keep his secret hidden. And if he had come
to Philadelphia and presented himself at the meeting
of the Weldon Institute, was it not that they might
share in his prodigious discovery, and that he might
convince ipso facto the most incredulous? We know
how he had been received, and we see what reprisals
he had taken on the president and secretary of the
club.

  Again did Robur approach his prisoners, who
affected to be in no way surprised at what they saw,
of what had succeeded in spite of them. Evidently
beneath the cranium of these two Anglo-Saxon heads
there was a thick crust of obstinacy, which would
not be easy to remove.

  On his part, Robur did not seem to notice anything
particular, and coolly continued the conversation
which he had begun two hours before.

  “Gentlemen.” said he, “you ask yourselves doubt-
less if this apparatus, so marvelously adapted for
aerial locomotion is susceptible to receiving greater
speed. It is not worth while to conquer space if we
CBTmot derotrr it. I wanted the air to be a solid sup-
port to me, and it is. I saw that to struggle against
the wind I must be stronger than the wind, and I am.
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

I had no need of sails to drive me. nor oars nor
wheels to push me, nor rails to give me a faster road.
Air is what I ^wanted, that was all. Air surrounds
me as water surrounds the submarine boat, and in it
my propellers act like the screws of a steamer. That
is how I solved the problem of aviation. That is what
a balloon will never do, nor will any machine that is
lighter than air.”

   Silence, absolute, on the part of the colleagues,
which did not (or a moment disconcert the engineer.
He contented himself with a half-smile, and con-
tinued in his interrogative style, “Perhaps you ask if
to this power of the Albatross to move horizontally
there is added an equal power of vertical move-
ment—in a word, if, when we visit the higher zones
of the atmosphere, we can compete with an aerostat?
Well, I should not advise you to enter the Go-ahead
against her!”

   The two colleagues shrugged their shoulders. That
was probably what the engineer was waiting for.

  Robur made a sign. The propelling screws imme-
diately stopped, and after running for a mile the
Albatross pulled up motionless.

  At a second gesture from Robur the ascensional
helices revolved at a speed that can only be compared
to that of a siren in acoustical experiments. Their
f-r-r-r-r rose nearly an octave in the scale of sound,
diminishing gradually in intensity as the air became
more rarefied, and the machine rose vertically, like a
lark singing his song in space.

  “Master! Master!” shouted Frycollin. “See that
it doesn’t break!”

   A smile of disdain was Robur’s only reply. In a
few minutes the Albatross had attained the height of
8,700 feet, and extended the range of vision by sev-
enty miles, the barometer having fallen 480 milli-
meters.

   Then the Albatross descended. The diminution of
the pressure in high altitudes leads to the diminution
of oxygen in the air, and consequently in the blood.
This has been the cause of several serious accidents
which have happened to aeronauts, and Robur saw

110	reason to run any risk.

  The Albatross thus returned to the height she
seemed to prefer, and her propellers beginning again,
drove her off to the southwest.

  “Now, sirs, if that is what you wanted you can
reply.”

   Then, leaning over the rail, he remained absorbed
in contemplation.

   When he raised his head the president and secre-
tary of the Weldon Institute stood by his side.

  “Engineer Robur,” said Uncle Prudent, in vain
endeavoring to control himself, “we have nothing to
ask about what you seem to believe, but we wish
to ask you a question which we think you would do
well to answer.”

  “Speak.”

   “By what right did you attack us in Philadelphia
in Fairmount Park? By what right did you shut us
up in that prison ? By what right have you brought
us against our will on board this flying machine?”
“And by what right, Messieurs Balloonists, did
you insult and threaten me in your club in such a way
that T am astonished I came out of it alive?”

   “To ask is not to answer,” said Phil Evans, “and
I repeat, by what right?”

  “Do you wish to know?”

   “If you please.”

  “Well, then, by the right of the strongest!”

  “That is cynical.”

  “But it is true.”

  “And for how long, citizen engineer,” asked Uncle
Prudent, who was nearly exploding, “for how long
do you intend to exercise that right?”

  “How can you?” said Robur, ironically, “how can
you ask me such a question when you have only to
cast down your eyes to enjoy a spectacle unparalleled
in the world?”

  The Albatross was then sweeping across the im-
mense expanse of Lake Ontario. She had just
crossed the country so poetically described by Cooper.
Then she followed the southern shore and headed for
the celebrated river which pours into it the waters
of Lake Erie, breaking them to powder in its cat-
aracts.

  In an instant a majestic sound, a roar as of the
tempest, mounted towards them; and, as if a humid
fog had been projected into the air, the atmosphere
sensibly freshened.

  Below were the liquid masses. They seemed like
an enormous flowing sheet of crystal amid a thou-
sand rainbows due to refraction as it decomposed the
solar rays. The sight was sublime.

  Before the falls a bridge, stretching like a thread,
united one bank to the other. Three miles below was
a suspension-bridge, across which a train was crawl-
ing from the Canadian to the American bank.

  “The falls of Niagara!” exclaimed Phil Evans.
And as the exclamation escaped him, Uncle Prudent
was doing all he could to admire nothing of these
wonders.

  A minute afterwards the Albatross had crossed the
river which separates the United States from Canada,
and was flying over the vast territories of the West.

CHAPTER IX

Across the Prairie

IN one of the cabins of the after-house Uncle
Prudent and Phil Evans had found two excel-
lent berths, with clean linen, change of clothes,
and traveling-cloaks and rugs. No Atlantic liner
could have offered them more comfort. If they did
not sleep soundly it was that they did not wish to
do so, or rather that their very real anxiety pre-
vented them. In what adventure had they embarked ?
To what series of experiments had they been in-
vited? How would the business end? and above
all, what was Robur going to do with them?

  Frycollin, the valet, was quartered forward in a
cabin adjoining that of the cook. The neighborhood
did not displease him; he liked to rub shoulders with
the great in this world. But if he finally went to sleep
it was to dream of fall after fall, of projections
through space, which made his sleep a horrible night-
mare.

  However, nothing could be quieter than this jour-
ney through the atmosphere, whose currents had
grown weaker with the evening. Beyond the rustling
of the blades of the screws there was not a sound,
except now and then the whistle from some terres-
trial locomotive, or the calling of some animal.
Strange instinct! These terrestrial beings felt the
aeronef glide over them, and uttered cries of terror
as it ^assed. On the morrow, the 14th of June, at
five o'clock, Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans were
844

AMAZING STORIES

walking on the deck of the Albatross. Nothing had 1
changed since the evening; there was a look-out
forward, and the helmsman was in his glass cage.

  Why was there a look-out? Was there any chance
of collision with another such machine? Certainly
not. Robur had not yet found imitators. The chance
of encountering an aerostat gliding through the air
was too remote to be regarded. In any case it would
be all the worse for the aerostat—the earthen pot
and the iron pot. The Albatross had nothing to fear
from the collision.

  But what could happen ? The aeronef might find
herself like a ship on a lee shore if a mountain that
could not be outflanked or passed barred the way.
These are the reefs of the air, and they have to be
avoided as a ship avoids the reefs of the sea. The
engineer, it is true, had given the course, and in
doing so had taken into account the altitude neces-
sary to clear the summits of the high lands in the
district. But as the aeronef was rapidly nearing a
mountainous country, it was only prudent to keep a
good lookout, in case some slight deviation from the
course became necessary.

  Looking at the country beneath them, Uncle Pru-
dent and Phil Evans noticed a large lake, whose
lower southern end the Albatross had just reached.
They concluded, therefore that during the night the
whole length of Erie had been traversed, and that,
as they were going due west, they would soon be over
Lake Michigan. “There can be no doubt of it,” said
Phil Evans, “and that group of roofs on the horizon
is Chicago.”

  He was right. It was indeed the city from which
the seventeen railways diverge, the Queen of the
West, the vast reservoir into which flow the products
of Indiana, Ohio, Wir;onsin, Missouri, and all the
states which form the western half of the Union.

  Uncle Prudent, through an excellent telescope he
had found in his cabin, easily recognized the prin-
cipal buildings. His colleague pointed out to him the
churches and public edifices, the numerous “eleva-
tors” or mechanical granaries, and the huge Sherman
Hotel, whose windows seemed like a hundred glitter-
ing points on each of its faces.

  “If that is Chicago,” said Uncle Prudent, “it is
obvious that we are going farther west than is con-
venient for us if we are to return to our starting
place.”

  And, in fact, the Albatross was traveling in a
straight line from the Pennsylvania capital.

  But if Uncle Prudent wished to ask Robur to take
him eastwards he could not then do so. That morn-
ing the engineer did not leave his cabin. Either he
was occupied in some work, or else he was asleep,
and the two colleagues sat down to breakfast without
seeing him.

  The speed was the same as that during last eve-
ning. The wind being easterly the rate was not in-
terfered with at all, and as the thermometer only
falls a degree centigrade for every seventy meters of
elevation the temperature was not insupportable. And
so, in chatting and thinking and waiting for the engi-
neer, Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans walked about
beneath the forest of screws, whose gyratory move-
ment gave their arms the appearance of semi-diaph-
anous disks.

  The State of Illinois was left by its northern fron-
tier in less than two hours and a half ; and they
crossed the Father of Waters, the Mississippi, whose

double-decked steamboats seemed no bigger than
canoes. Then the Albatross flew over Iowa after
having sighted Iowa city about eleven o’clock in the
morning.

  A few chains of hills, “bluffs” as they are called,
curved across the face of the country trending from
the south to the northwest, whose* moderate height
necessitated no rise in the course of the aeronef.
Soon the bluffs gave place to the large plains of
western Iowa and Nebraska—immense prairies ex-
tending all the way to the foot of the Rocky Moun-
tains. Here and there were many “rios,” affluents or
minor affluents of the Missouri. On their banks were
towns and villages, growing more scattered as the
Albatross sped farther west.

  Nothing particular happened during this day.
Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans were left entirely to
themselves. They hardly noticed Frycollin sprawling
at full length in the bow, keeping his eyes shut so
that he could see nothing. And they were not at-
tacked by vertigo, as might have been expected.
There was no guiding mark, and there was nothing
to cause the vertigo, as there would have been on
the top of a lofty building. The abyss has no attrac-
tive power when it is gazed at from the car of a
balloon or deck of an aeronef. It is not an abyss
that opens beneath the aeronaut, but an horizon that
rises round him on all sides like a cup.

  In a couple of hours the Albatross was over
Omaha, on the Nebraskan frontier—Omaha city,
the real head of the Pacific Railway, that long line
of rails, four thousand five hundred miles in length,
stretching from New York to San Francisco. For
a moment they could see the yellow waters of the
Missouri, then the town, with its houses of wood and
brick in the center of a rich basin, like a buckle in
the iron belt which clasps North America round the
waist. Doubtless, also, as the passengers in the aero-
nef could observe all the details, the inhabitants of
Omaha noticed the strange machine. Their astonish-
ment at seeing it gliding overhead could be no greater
than that of the president and secretary of the Wel-
don Institute at finding themselves on board.

  Anyhow, the journals of the Union would be cer-
tain to notice the fact. It would be the explanation
of the astonishing phenomenon which the whole
world had been wondering over for some time.

  In an hour the Albatross had left Omaha and
crossed the Platte River, whose valley is followed by
the Pacific Railway in its route across the prairie.
Things looked serious for Uncle Prudent and Phil
Evans.

  “It is real, then, this absurd project of taking us to
the Antipodes.”

  “And whether we like it or not!" exclaimed the
other. “Robur had better take care! I am not the
man to stand that sort of thing.”

  “Nor am I!” replied Phil Evans. “But be calm,
Uncle Prudent, be calm.”

  “Be calm!”

  “And keep your temper until it is wanted.”

  By five o’clock they had crossed the eastern coun-
tries covered with pines and poplars, and the Alba-
tross was over the appropriately named Bad Lands
of Nebraska—a chaos of ochre-colored hills, of
mountainous fragments fallen on the soil and broken
in their fall. At a distance these blocks take the most
fantastic shapes. Here and there amid this enormous
game of knucklebones there could be traced the
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

845

imaginary ruins of mediaeval cities with forts and
dungeons, pepper-box turrets, and machicolated
towers. And in truth these Bad Lands are an im-
mense ossuary where lie bleaching in the sun myriads
of fragments of pachyderms, chelonians, and even,
some would have us believe, fossil men, overwhelmed
by unknown cataclysms ages and ages ago.

WHEN evening came the whole basin of the
Platte River had been crossed, and the plain
extended to the extreme limits of the horizon, which
rose high owing to the altitude of the Albatross.

  During the night there were no more shrill whistles
of locomotives or deeper notes of the river steamers
to trouble the quiet of the starry firmament. Long
bellowings occasionally reached the aeronef from the
herds of buffalo that roamed over the prairie in
search of water and pasturage. And when they
ceased, the trampling of the grass under their feet
produced a dull roaring similar to the rushing of a
flood, and very different from the continuous f-r-r-r-r
of the screws.

  Then from time to time came the howl of a wolf,
a fox, a wild cat, or a coyote, the Cams latrans,
whose name is justified by his sonorous bark.

  Occasionally came penetrating odors of mint, and
sage, and absinthe, mingled with the more powerful
fragrance of the conifers which rose floating
through the night air.

  At last came a menacing yell, which was not due
to the coyote. It was the shout of a Redskin, which
no Tenderfoot would confound with the cry of a
wild beast.

CHAPTER X

Westward—But Whither?

THE next day, the 15th of June, about five
o’clock in the morning, Phil Evans left his
cabin. Perhaps he would today have a chance
of speaking to Robur. Desirous of knowing why he
had not appeared the day before, Evans addressed
himself to the mate, Tom Turner.

  Tom Turner was an Englishman of about forty-
five, broad in the shoulders and short in the legs, a
man of iron, with one of those enormous character-
istic heads that Hogarth rejoiced in.

  “Shall we see Mr. Robur today?” asked Phil
Evans.

  “I don’t know,” said Turner.

  “I need not ask if he had gone out.”

  “Perhaps he has.”

  “And when will he come back?”

  “When he has finished his cruise.”

  And Tom went into his cabin.

  _ With this reply they had to be contented. Matters
did not look promising, particularly as on reference
to the compass it appeared that the Albatross was
still steering south-west.

  Great was the contrast between the barren tract
of the Bad Lands passed over during the night and
the landscape then unrolling beneath them.

  The aeronef was now more than six hundred miles
from Omaha, and over a country which Phil Evans
could not recognize because he had never been there
before. A few forts to keep the Indians in order
crowned the bluffs with their geometric lines, formed
oftener of palisades than walls. There were few

villages and few inhabitants, the country differing
widely from the auriferous lands of Colorado many
leagues to the south.

  In the distance a long line of mountain crests, in
great confusion as yet, began to appear. They were
the Rocky Mountains.

  For the first time that morning Uncle Prudent and
Phil Evans were sensible of a certain lowness of
temperature which was not due to a change in the
weather, for the sun shone in superb splendor.

  “It is because of the Albatross being higher in the
air,” said Phil Evans.

  In fact the barometer outside the central deck-
house had fallen 54i millimeters, thus indicating an
elevation of about 10,000 feet above the sea. The
aeronef was at this altitude owing to the elevation of
the ground. An hour before she had been at a height
of 13,000 feet, and behind her were mountains cov-
ered with perpetual snow.

  There was nothing Uncle Prudent and his com-
panion could remember which would lead them to
discover where they were. During the night the
Albatross had made several stretches north and south
at tremendous speed, and that was what had put
them out of their reckoning.

  After talking over several hypotheses more or less
plausible they came to the conclusion that this coun-
try encircled with mountains must be the district
declared by an Act of Congress in March, 1872, to
be the National Park of the United States. A strange
region it was. It well merited the name of a park—
a park with mountains for hills, with lakes for ponds,
with rivers for streamlets, and with geysers of mar-
velous power instead of fountains.

  In a few minutes the Albatross glided across the
Yellowstone River, leaving Mount Stevenson on the
right, and coasting the largfe lake which bears the
name of the stream. Great was the variety on the
banks of this basin, ribbed as they were with obsidian
and tiny crystals, reflecting the sunlight on their
myriad facets. Wonderful was the arrangement of
the islands on its surface; magnificent were the blue
reflections of the gigantic mirror. And around the
lake, one of the highest in the globe, were multitudes
of pelicans, swans, gulls and bernicle geese and
divers. In places the steep banks were clothed with
green trees, pines and larches, and at the foot of the
escarpments there shot upwards innumerable white
fumaroles, the vapor escaping from the soil as from
an enormous reservoir in which the water is kept in
permanent ebullition by subterranean fire.

THE cook might have seized the opportunity of
securing an ample supply of trout, the only fish
the Yellowstone Lake contains in myriads. But the
Albatross kept on at such a height that there was no
chance of indulging in a catch which assuredly would
have been miraculous.

  In three quarters of an hour the lake was passed
over, and a little farther on the last was seen of the
geyser region, which rivals the finest in Iceland.
Leaning over the rail, Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans
watched the liquid columns which leaped up as
though to furnish the aeronef with a new element.
There were the Fan, with the jets shot forth in rays,
the Fortress, which seemed to be defended by water-
spouts, Old Faithful, with her plume crowned with
the rainbows, the Giant, spurting forth a vertical
846

AMAZING STORIES

torrent twenty feet round and more than two hun-
dred feet high.

  Robur must evidently have been familiar with this
incomparable spectacle, unique in the world, for he
did not appear 011 deck. Was it, then, for the sole
pleasure of his guests that he had brought the aero-
nef above the national domain? If so, he came not
to receive their thanks. He did not even trouble
himself during the passage of the Rocky Mountains,
which the Albatross approached at about seven
o’clock.

  By increasing the speed of her wings, as a bird
rising in its flight, the Albatross would clear the
highest ridges of the chain, and sink again over
Oregon or Utah. But the maneuver was unnecessary.
The passes allowed the barrier to be crossed without
ascending for the higher ridges. There are many of
these canyons, or steep valleys, more or less narrow,
through which they could glide, such as Bridger
Canyon, through which runs the Pacific Railway into
the Mormon territory, and others to the north and
south of it.

  It was through one of these that the Albatross
headed, after slackening speed so as not to dash
against the walls of the canyon. The steersman, with
a sureness of hand rendered more effective by the
sensitiveness of the rudder, maneuvered his craft as
if she were a crack racer in a Royal Victoria yacht
race. It was really extraordinary. I11 spite of all the
jealousy of the two advocates of “lighter than air,”
they could not help being surprised at the perfection
of this engine of aerial locomotion.

  In less than two hours and a half they were
through the Rockies, and the Albatross had resumed
her former speed of sixty-two miles an hour. She
was steering south west _so as to cut across Utah
diagonally as she neared the ground. She had even
dropped several hundred yards when the sound of a
whistle attracted the attention of Uncle Prudent and
Phil Evans.	'

  It was a train on the Pacific Railway on the road
to Salt Lake City.

  And then, in obedience to an order secretly given,
the Albatross dropped still lower so as to chase the
train, which was going at full speed. She was imme-
diately sighted. A few heads showed themselves at
the doors of the cars. Then numerous passengers
crowded the gangways. Some did not hesitate to
climb on the roof to get a better view of the flying
machine. Cheers came floating up through the air,
but 110 Robur appeared in answer to them.

  The Albatross continued her descent, slowing her
elevating screws and moderating her speed so as not
to leave the train behind. She flew about it like an
enormous beetle or a gigantic bird of prey. She
headed off to the right and left, and swept on in
front, and hung behind, and proudly displayed her
flag with the golden sun, to which the conductor of
the train replied by waving the Stars and Stripes.

  In vain the prisoners, in their desire to take advan-
tage of the opportunity, endeavored to make them-
selves known to those below. In vain the president
of the Weldon Institute roared forth at the top of
his voice, “I am Uncle Prudent of Philadelphia!”
And the secretary followed suit with, “I am Phil
Evans, his colleague!” Their shouts were lost in the
thousand cheers with which the passengers greeted
the aeronef.

  Three or four of the crew of the Albatross had ap-

peared 011 the deck, and one of them, like sailors
when passing a ship less speedy than their own, held
out a rope, an ironical way of offering to tow them.

  And then the Albatross resumed her original speed,
and in half an hour the express was out of sight.
About one o’clock there appeared a vast disk, which
reflected the solar rays as if it were an immense
mirror.

  “That ought to be the Mormon capital, Salt Lake
City,” said Uncle Prudent. And so it was, and the
disk was the roof of the Tabernacle, where ten thou-
sand saints can worship at their ease. This vast
dome, like a convex mirror, threw off the rays of the
sun in all directions.

  It vanished like a shadow, and the Albatross sped
on her way to the southwest with a speed that was
not felt, as it surpassed that of the chasing wind.
Soon she was in Nevada, over the silver regions,
which the Sierra separates from the golden lands of
California.

  “We shall certainly reach San Francisco before
night,” said Phil Evans.

  “And then?” asked Uncle Prudent.

  It was six o’clock precisely when the Sierra
Nevada was crossed by the same pass as that taken
by the railway. Only a hundred and eighty miles
then separated them from San Francisco, the Cali-
fornian capital.

  At the speed the Albatross was going she would be
over the city by eight o’clock.

  At this moment Robur appeared on deck. The
colleagues walked up to him.

  “Engineer Robur,” said Uncle Prudent, “ we are
now on the confines of America! We think the time
has come for this joke to end.”

  “I never joke,” said Robur.

  He raised his hand. The Albatross swiftly dropped
towards the ground, and at the same time such speed
was given her as to drive the prisoners into their
cabin.

  As soon as the door was shut, Uncle Prudent
exclaimed, “I could strangle him!”

  “We must try to escape!” said Phil Evans.

  “Yes; cost what it may!”

  A long murmur greeted their ears. It was the
beating of the surf on the seashore. It was the
Pacific Ocean!

CHAPTER XI

The Wide Pacific

UNCLE PRUDENT and Phil Evans had quite
made up their minds to escape. If they had
■ not had to deal with the eight particularly
vigorous men who composed the crew of the aeronef
they might have tried to succeed by main force. But
as they were only two—for Frycollin could only be
considered as a quantity of no importance—force
was not to be thought of. Hence recourse must be
had to strategy as soon as the Albatross again took
the ground. Such was what Phil Evans endeavored
to impress on his irascible colleague, though he was
in constant fear of Prudent aggravating matters by
some premature outbreak.

  In any case the present was not the time to attempt
anything of the sort. The aeronef was sweeping along
over the North Pacific. On the following morning,
that of June 16th, the coast was out of sight. And as
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

847

the coast curves off from Vancouver Island up to
the Aleutians—belonging to that portion of America
ceded by Russia to the United States in 1867—it was
highly probable that the Albatross would cross it at
the end of the curve, if her course remained un^
changed.

  How long the night appeared to be to the two
friends! How eager they were to get out of their
cabins! When they came on deck in the morning the
dawn had for some hours been silvering the eastern
horizon. They were nearing the June solstice, the
longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere,
when there is hardly any night along the sixtieth
parallel.

  Either from custom or intention Robur was in
no hurry to leave his deck-house. When he came out
this morning he contented himself with bowing to
his two guests as he passed them in the stern of the
aeronef.

  And now Frycollin ventured out of his cabin. His
eyes red with sleeplessness, and dazed in their look,
he tottered along like a man whose foot feels it is
not on solid ground. His first glance was at the ele-
vating screws, which were working with gratifying
regularity without any signs of haste.

  That done, the negro stumbled along to the rail,
and grasped it with both hands, so as to make sure
of his balance. Evidently he wished to view the
country over which the Albatross was flying at the
height of seven hundred feet or more.

  At first he kept himself well back behind the rail.
Then he shook it to make sure it was firm; then he
drew himself up; then he bent forward; then he
stretched out his head. It need not be said that while
he was executing these different maneuvers he kept
his eyes shut. At last he opened them.

  What a shout! And how quickly he fled! And
how deeply his head sank back into his shoulders!
At the bottom of the abyss he had seen the immense
ocean. His hair would have risen on end—if it had
not been wool.

  “The sea! the sea!” he cried. And Frycollin would
have fallen on the deck had not the cook opened his
arms to receive him.

  This cook was a Frenchman, and probably a
Gascon, his name being Francois Tapage. If he
was not a Gascon he must in his infancy have inhaled
the breezes of the Garonne. How did this Franqois
Tapage find himself in the service of the engineer?
By what chain of accidents had he become one of the
crew of the Albatross? We can hardly say; but in
any case he spoke English like a Yankee. “Eh,
stand up!” said he, lifting the negro by a vigorous
clutch at the waist.

  “Master Tapage!” said the poor fellow, giving a
despairing look at the screws.

  “At your service, Frycollin.”

  “Did this thing ever smash?”

  “No, but it will end by smashing.”

 “Why? Why?”

  “Because everything must end.”

  “And the sea is beneath us!”

  “If we are to fall, it is better to fall in the sea.”

  “We shall be drowned.”

  “We shall be drowned, but we shall not be smashed
to a jelly.”

  The next moment Frycollin was on all fours,
creeping to the back of his cabin.

  During this day the aeronef was only driven at

moderate speed. She seemed to skim the placid
surface of the sea, which lay glistening in the sun-
shine about a hundred feet beneath. Uncle Prudent
and his companion remained in their cabin, so that
they did not meet with Robur, who walked about
smoking alone or talking to the mate. Only half the
screws were working, yet that was enough to keep
the apparatus afloat in the lower zones of the atmos-
phere.

  The crew, as a change from the ordinary routine,
would have endeavored to catch a few fish, had there
been any sign of them; but all that could be seen on
the surface of the sea were a few of those yellow-
bellied whales which measure about eighty feet in
length. These are the most formidable cetaceans in
the northern seas, and whalers are very careful in
attacking them, for their strength is prodigious.
However, in harpooning one of these whales, either
with the ordinary harpoon, the Fletcher fuse, or the
javelin-bomb, of which there was an assortment on
board, there would have been no danger to the men
of the Albatross.

  But what was the good of such useless massacre?
Doubtless to show off the powers of the aeronef
to the members of the Weldon Institute. And so
Robur gave orders for the capture of one of these
monstrous cetaceans.

  At the shout of “A whale! a whale!” Uncle Prudent
and Phil Evans came out of their cabin. Perhaps
there was a whaler in sight! In that case all they had
to do to escape from their flying prison was to jump
into the sea, and chance being picked up by the
vessel.

  The crew were all on deck. “Shall we try, sir?”
asked Tom Turner.

  “Yes,” said Robur.

  In the engine-room the engineer and his assistant
were at their posts ready to obey the orders signaled
to them. The Albatross dropped towards the sea,
and remained, about fifty feet above it.

  There was no ship in sight—of that the two col-
leagues soon assured themselves—nor was there any
land to be seen to which they could swim, providing
Robur made no attempt to recapture them.

  Several jets of water from the spout holes soon
announced the presence of the whales as they came to
the surface to breathe. Tom Turner and one of the
men were in the bow. Within his reach was one of
those javelin-bombs, of California make which are
shot from an arquebus and which are shaped like
a metallic cylinder terminated by a cylindrical bomb
armed with a shaft having a barbed point. Robur
was a little farther aft, and with his right hand sig-
naled to the engineers, while with his left he directed
the steersman. He thus controlled the aeronef in
every way, horizontally and vertically, and it is al-
most impossible to conceive with what speed and pre-
cision the Albatross, answered to his orders. She
seemed a living being, of which he was the soul.

  “A whale! a whale!” shouted Tom Turner, as the
back of a cetacean emerged from the surface about
four cable-lengths in front of the Albatross.

  The Albatross swept towards it, and when she was
within sixty feet of it she stopped dead.

  Tom Turner seized the arquebus, which was rest-
ing against a cleat on the rail. He fired, and the
projectile, attached to a long line, entered the whale’s
body. The bomb, filled with an explosive compound.
848

AMAZING STORIES

burst, and shot out a small harpoon with two
branches, which fastened into the animal’s flesh.

   “Look out!” shouted Turner.

   Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans, much against their
will, became greatly interested ip the spectacle.

   The whale, seriously wounded, gave the sea such
a slap with his tail, that the water dashed up over the
bow of the aeronef. Then he plunged to great depth,
while the line, which had been previously wetted in
a tub of water to prevent its taking fire, ran out
like lightning. When the whale rose to the surface
he started off at full speed in a northerly direction.

   It may be imagined with what speed the Albatross
was towed in pursuit. Besides, the propellers had
been stopped. The whale was let go as he would,
and the ship followed him. Turner stood ready to
cut the line in case a fresh plunge should render this
towing dangerous.

   For half an hour, and perhaps for a distance of
six miles, the Albatross was thus dragged along, but
it was obvious that the whale was tiring. Then, at
a gesture from Robur, the assistant engineers started
the propellers astern, so as to oppose a certain re-
sistance to the whale, who was gradually getting
closer.

   Soon the aeronef was gliding about twenty-five
feet above him. His tail was beating the waters with
incredible violence, and as he turned over on his back
an enormous wave was produced.

SUDDENLY the whale turned up again, so as to
take a header, as it were, and then dived with
such rapidity that Turner had barely time to cut the
line.

   The aeronef was dragged to the very surface of
the water. A whirlpool w~s formed where the ani-
mal had disappeared. A wave dashed up on to the
deck as if the aeronef were a ship driving against
the wind and tide.

   Luckily, with a blow of the hatchet the mate sev-
ered the line, and the Albatross, freed from her tug,
sprang aloft six hundred feet under the impulse of
her ascensional screws. Robur had maneuvered his
ship without losing his coolness for a moment.

   A few minutes afterwards the whale returned to
the surface—dead. From every side the birds flew
down on to the carcass, and their cries were enough
to deafen a congress. The Albatross, without stop-
ping to share in the spoil, resumed her course to the
west.

   In the morning of the 17th of June, at about six
o’clock, land was sighted on the horizon. This was
the peninsula of Alaska, and the long range of break-
ers of the Aleutian Islands.

   The Albatross glided over the barrier where the
. fur seals swarm for the benefit of the Russo-Ameri-
can Company. An excellent business is the capture
of these amphibians, which are from six to seven feet
long, russet in color, and weigh from three hundred
to four hundred pounds. There they were in inter-
minable files, ranged in line of battle, and countable
by thousands.

   Although they did not move at the passage of the
Albatross, it was otherwise with the ducks, divers,
and loons, whose husky cries filled the air as they
disappeared beneath the waves and fled terrified from
the aerial monster.

   The twelve hundred miles of the Behring Sea be-
tween the first of the Aleutians and the extreme end

of Kamtschatka were traversed during the twenty-
four hours of this day and the following night.
Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans found that there was
no present chance of putting their project of escape
into execution. Flight was not to be thought of
among the deserts of Eastern Asia, nor on the coast
of the sea of Okhotsk. Evidently the Albatross was
bound for Japan or China, and there, although it
was not perhaps quite safe to trust themselves to the
mercies of the Chinese or Japanese, the two friends
had made up their minds to run if the aeronef
stopped.

  But would she stop? She was not like a bird
which grows fatigued by too long a flight, or like a
balloon which has to descend for want of gas. She
still had food for many weeks, and her organs were
of marvelous strength, defying all weakness and
weariness.

  During the 18th of June she swept over the penin-
sula of Kamtschatka, and during the day there was a
glimpse of Petropaulovski and the volcano of Klout-
schew. Then she rose again to cross the Sea of
Okhotsk, running down by the Kurile Isles, which
seemed to be a breakwater pierced by hundreds of
channels. On the 19th, in the morning, the Alba-
tross was over the strait of La Perouse between
Saghalien and Northern Japan, and had reached the
mouth of the great Siberian river, the Amoor.

  Then there came on a fog so dense that the aeronef
had to rise above it. At the altitude she was there
was no obstacle to be feared, no elevated monuments
to hinder her passage, no mountains against which
there was risk of being shattered in her flight. The
country was only slightly varied. But the fog was
very disagreeable, and made everything on board
very damp.

  All that was necessary was to get above this bed
of mist, which was nearly thirteen hundred feet thick,
and the ascensional screws being increased in speed,
the Albatross was soon clear of the fog and in the
sunny regions of the sky. Under these circum-
stances, Uncle Prudent and Phil Evans would have
found some difficulty in carrying out their plan of
escape, even admitting that they could leave the
aeronef.

  During the day, as Robur passed them, he stopped
for a moment, and without seeming to attach any
importance to what he said, addressed them carelessly
as follows: “Gentlemen, a sailing-ship or a steam-
ship caught in a fog from which it cannot escape is
always much delayed. It must not move unless it
keeps its whistle or its horn going. It must reduce
its speed, and any instant a collision may be expected.
The Albatross has none of these things to fear.
What does fog matter to her? She can leave it
when she chooses. The whole of space is hers.”
And Robur continued his stroll without waiting for
an answer, and the puffs of his pipe were lost in the
sky.

  “Uncle Prudent,” said Phil Evans, “it seems that
this astonishing Albatross never has anything to
fear.”

  “That we shall see!” answered the president of
the Weldon Institute.

  The fog lasted three days, the 19th, 20th, and 21st
of June, with regrettable persistence. An ascent had
to be made to clear the Japanese mountain of Fusi-
yama. When the curtain of mist was drawn aside
there lay below them an immense city, with palaces,
ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

849

villas, gardens, and parks. Even without seeing it
Robur had recognized it by the barking of the in-
numerable dogs, cries of the birds of prey, and above
all, by the cadaverous odor which the bodies of its
executed criminals gave off into space.

  The two colleagues were out on the deck while
the engineer was taking his observations in case he
thought it best to continue his course through the fog.

  “Gentlemen,” said he, “I have no reason for con-
cealing from you that this town is Tokio, the capital
of Japan.”

  Uncle Prudent did not reply. In the presence of
the engineer he was almost choked, his lungs were
short of air.

  “This view of Tokio,” continued Robur, “is very
curious.”

  “Curious as it may be-” replied Phil Evans.

  “It is not as good as Pekin?” interrupted the
engineer. “That is what I think, and very shortly
you shall have an opportunity of judging.”

  Impossible to be more agreeable!

  The Albatross then gliding southeast, had her
course changed four points, so as to head to the
eastward.

CHAPTER XII

Through the Himalayas

DURING the night the fog cleared off. There
were symptoms of an approaching typhoon
—a rapid fall of the barometer, a disap-
pearance of vapor, large clouds of ellipsoid form
clinging to a copper sky, and, on the opposite hori-
zon, long streaks of carmine on a slate-colored field,
with a large sector quite clear in the north. Then the
sea was smooth and calm and at sunset assumed a
deep scarlet hue.

  Fortunately the typhoon broke more to the south,
and had no other result than to sweep away the mist
which had been accumulating during the last three
days.

  In an hour they had traversed the hundred and
twenty-five miles of the Corean strait, and while the
typhoon was raging on the coast of China, the Alba-
tross was over the Yellow Sea. During the 22nd
and 23rd she was over the Gulf of Pechelee, and on
the 24th she was ascending the valley of the Peiho
on her way to the capital of the Celestial Empire.

  Leaning over the rail, the two colleagues, as the
engineer had told them, could see distinctly the im-
mense city, the wall which divides it into two parts
—the Manchoo town and the Chinese town—the
twelve suburbs which surround it, the large boule-
vards which radiate from its center, the temples with
their green and yellow roofs bathed in the rising sun,
the grounds surrounding the houses of the man-
darins ; then in the'middle of the Manchoo town the
eighteen hundred acres of the Yellow town, with its
pagodas, its imperial gardens, its artificial lakes, its
mountain of coal which towers above the capital;
and in the center of the Yellow town, like a square
of a Chinese puzzle enclosed in another, the Red
town, that is the imperial palace, with all the peaks
of its outrageous architecture.

  Below the Albatross the air was filled with a singu-
lar harmony. It seemed to be a concert of yEolian
harps. In the air were a hundred kites of different
forms, made of sheets of palm-leaf, and having at
their upper end a sort of bow of light wood with
a thin slip of bamboo beneath. In the breath of the

wind these slips, with all their notes varied like those
of a harmonicon, gave forth a most melancholy mur-
muring. It seemed as though they were breathing
musical oxygen.

  It suited Robur’s whim to run close up to this
aerial orchestra, and the Albatross slowed as she
glided through the musical waves which the kites
gave off through the atmosphere.

  But immediately an extraordinary effect was pro-
duced amongst the innumerable population. Beat-
ings of the tomtoms and sounds of other formidable
instruments of the Chinese orchestra, gun reports by
the thousand, mortars fired in hundreds, all were
brought into play to scare away the aeronef. Al-
though the Chinese astronomers may have recognized
the aerial machine as the moving body that had given
rise to such disputes, it was to the Celestial million,
from the humblest tankader to the best-buttoned
mandarin, an apocalyptical monster appearing in the
sky of Buddha.

  The crew of the Albatross troubled themselves
very little about these demonstrations. But the
strings which held the kites, and were tied to fixed
pegs in the imperial gardens, were cut or quickly
hauled in; and the kites were either drawn in rapidly,
sounding louder as they sank, or else fell like a bird
shot through both wings, whose song ends with its
last sigh.

  A noisy fanfare escaped from Tom Turner’s trum-
pet, and drowned the final notes of the aerial con-
cert. It did not interrupt the terrestrial fusillade.
At last a shell exploded a few feet below the Alba-
tross, and then she mounted into the inaccessible
regions of the sky.

  Nothing happened during the few following days
of which the prisoners «Hd take advantage. The
aeronef kept on her course to the southwest, thereby
showing that it was intended to take her to India.
Twelve hours after leaving Pekin Uncle Prudent
and Phil Evans caught a glimpse of the Gerat Wall
in the neighborhood of Chen-Si. Then, avoiding the
Lung mountains, they passed over the valley of the
Hoangho and crossed the Chinese border on the
Thibet side.

  Thibet consists of high table-lands without vege-
tation, with here and there snowy peaks and barren
ravines, torrents fed by glaciers, depressions with
glittering beds of salt, lakes surrounded by luxurious
forests, with icy winds sweeping over all.

  The barometer indicated an altitude of thirteen
thousand feet above the level of the sea. At that
height the temperature, although it was in the warm-
est months of the northern hemisphere, was only a
little above freezing. This cold, combined with the
speed of the Albatross, made the voyage somewhat
trying, and although the friends had warm traveling
wraps, they preferred to keep to their cabin.

  It need hardly be said that to keep the aeronef
in this rarefied atmosphere the ascension screws
had to be driven at extreme speed. But they worked
with perfect regularity, and the sound of their wings
almost acted as a lullaby.

  During this day, appearing from below about the
size of a carrier pigeon, she passed over Garlock, a
town of western Thibet, the capital of the province
of Gari Khorsum.

  On the 27th of June, Uncle Prudent and Phil
Evans sighted an enormous barrier, broken here and
(Continued on page 902)
^COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

jbj ff-Q-ZOells

Author of “The Time Machine,” “A Story of the Stone Age,” etc.

He gripped his spade still tighter, and advanced down the meadows towards the place of habitation, and directly he moved they converged
upon him. . . . They were moving in upon him quickly, groping, yet moving rapidly. ... It was like playing blind mans buff, with

                                               every man blindfolded except one.

850
THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

851

HREE hundred miles and more from
Chimborazo, one hundred from snows
of Cotopaxi, in the wildest wastes of
Ecuador’s Andes, there lies that mys-
terious mountain valley, cut off from the
world of men, the Country of the Blind. Long years
ago that valley lay so far open to the world that men
might come at last through frightful gorges and over
an icy pass into its equable meadows; and thither
indeed men came, a family or so of Peruvian half-
breeds fleeing from the lust and tryanny of an evil
Spanish ruler. Then came the stupendous outbreak
of Mindobamba, when it was night in Quito for
seventeen days, and the water was boiling at Yagu-
achi and all the fish floating dying even as far as
Guayaquil; everywhere along the Pacific slopes there
were land-slips and swift thawings and sudden floods,
and one whole side of the old Arauca crest slipped
and came down in thunder, and cut off the Country
of the Blind for ever from the exploring feet of
men. But one of these early settlers had chanced
to be on the hither side of the gorges when the world
had so terribly shaken itself, and he perforce had to
forget his wife and his child and all the friends and
possessions he had left up there, and Start life over
again in the lower world. He started it again but
ill, blindness overtook him, and he died of punith-
ment in the mines; but the story he told begot a legend
that lingers along the length of the Cordilleras of the
Andes to this day.

  He told of his reason for venturing back from
that fastness, into which he had first been carried,
lashed to a llama, beside a vast bale of gear, when he
was a child. The valley, he said, had in it all that
the heart of man could desire—sweet water, pasture,
and even climate, slopes of rich brown soil with tan-
gles of a shrub that bore an excellent fruit, and on
one side great hanging forests of pine that held the
avalanches high. Far overhead, on three sides, vast
cliffs of gray-green rock were capped by cliffs of
ice; but the glacier stream came not to them but
flowed away by the farther slopes, and only now and
then huge ice masses fell on the valley side. In this
valley it neither rained nor
snowed, but the abundant
springs gave a rich green
pasture, that irrigation
would spread over all the
valley space. The settlers
did well indeed there.

Their beasts did well and
multiplied, and but one
thing marred their happi-
ness. Yet it was enough to
mar it greatly. A strange
disease had come upon
them, and had made all
the children born to them there—and indeed, several
older children also—blind. It was to seek some
charm or antidote against this plague of blindness
that he had with fatigue and danger and difficulty
returned down the gorge. In those days, in such
cases, men did not think of germs and infections but
of sins; and it seemed to him that the reason of this
affliction must lie in the negligence of these priestless
immigrants to set up a shrine so soon as they entered
the valley. He wanted a shrine—a handsome, cheap,
effectual shrine—to be erected in the valley; he want-
ed relics and such-like potent things of faith, blessed
objects and mysterious medals and prayers. Tn his

wallet he had a bar of native silver for which he
would not account; he insisted there was none in the
vallej. with something of the insistence of an inexpert
liar. They had all clubbed their money and orna-
ments together, having little need for such treasure
up there, he said, to buy them holy help against their
ill. 1 figure this dim-eyed young mountaineer, sun-
burnt, gaunt, and anxious, hat-brim clutched fever-
ishly, a man all unused to the ways of the lower
world, telling this story to some keen-eyed attentive
priest before the great convulsion; I can picture him
presently seeking to return with pious and infallible
remedies against that trouble, and the infinite dismay
with which he must have faced the tumbled vastness
where the gorge had once come out. But the rest of
his story of mischances is lost to me, save that I
know of his evil death after several years. Poor
stray from that remoteness! The stream that had
once made the gorge now bursts from the mouth of
a rocky cave, and the legend his poor, ill-told story
set going developed into the legend of a race of blind
men somewhere “over there,” which one may still
hear today.

AND amidst the little population of that now iso-
lated and forgotten valley the disease ran its
course. The old became groping and purblind, the
young saw but dimly, and the children that were born
to them saw never at all. But life was very easy in
that snow-rimmed basin, lost to all the world, with
neither thorns nor briars, with no evil insects nor
any beasts save the gentle breed of llamas they had
lugged and thrust and followed up the beds of the
shrunken rivers in the gorges up which they had
come. The seeing had become purblind so gradu-
ally that they scarcely no' -d their loss. They guided
the sightless” youngsters hither and thither until they
knew the whole valley marvellously, and when at last
sight died out among them the race lived on. They
had even time to adapt themselves to the blind con-
trol of fire, which they made carefully in stoves of
stone. They were a simple strain of people at the
first, unlettered, only slightly touched with the Span-
ish civilization, but with
something of a tradition
of the arts of old Peru
and of its lost philosophy.
Generation followed gen-
eration. They forgot many
things; they devised many
things. Their tradition of
the greater world they
came from became mythi-
cal in color and uncertain.
In all things save sight
they were strong and able,
and presently the chance
of birth and heredity sent one who had an original
mind and who could talk and persuade among them,
and then afterwards another. These two passed,
leaving their effects, and the little community grew
in numbers and in understanding, and met and set-
tled social and economic problems that arose. Gen-
eration followed generation. There came a time
when a child was born who was fifteen generations
from that ancestor who went out of the valley with
a bar of silver to seek God’s aid, and who never
returned. Thereabouts it chanced that a man came
into this community from the outer world. And this
is the storv of that man.

 rr//; lake many things for granted in this world,
 rr Wc accept many preconceived notions about an
 amazingly large number of things, which, like as not,
 prove to be amazingly wrong. If any story ever proved
 this point, "The Country of the Blind" certainly is that
 one. The author exploits the well-known saying, "In the
 country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.” Indeed
 that statement is most easy to believe and all logic should
 point that way. In reading this interesting story, you
 will soon find out hoiv far wrong even seemingly good
 logic can be.
852

AMAZING STORIES

  He was a mountaineer from the country near
Quinto, a man who had been down to the sea and had
seen the world, a reader of books in an original way,
an acute and enterprising man, and he was taken on
by a party of Englishmen who had come out to
Ecuador to climb mountains, to replace one of their
three Swiss guides who had fallen ill. He climbed
here and lie climbed there, and then came the attempt
on Parascotopetl, the Matterhorn of the Andes, in
which he was lost to the outer world. The story of
the accident has been written a dozen times. Pointer’s
narrative is the best. He tells how the little party
worked their difficult and almost vertical way up
to the very foot of the last and greatest precipice,
and how they built a night shelter amidst the snow
upon a little shelf of rock, and, with a touch of real
dramatic power, how presently they found Nunez
had gone from them. They shouted, and there was
no reply; shouted and whistled, and for the rest of
that night they slept no more.

  As the morning broke they saw the traces of his
fall. It seems impossible he could have uttered a
sound. He had slipped eastward toward the un-
known side of the mountain; far below he had struck
a steep slop of snow, and ploughed his way down it
in the midst of a snow avalanche. His track went
straight to the edge of a frightful precipice, and be-
yond that everything was hjdden. Far, far below,
and hazy with distance, they could see trees rising
out of a narrow, shut-in valley—the lost Country of
the Blind. But they did not know it was the lost
Country of the Blind, nor distinguish it in any way
from any other narrow streak of upland valley. Un-
nerved by this disaster, they abandoned their at-
tempt in the afternoon, and Pointer was called away
to the war before he could_nake another attack. To
this day Parascotopetl lifts an unconquered crest, and
Pointer’s shelter crumbles unvisited amidst the snows.

ND the man who fell survived.

  At the end of the slope he fell a thousand feet,
and came down in the midst of a cloud of snow upon
a snow slope even steeper than the one above. Down
this he was whirled, stunned and insensible, but with-
out a bone broken in his body; and then at last came
to gentler slopes, and at last rolled out and lay still,
buried amidst a softening heap of the white masses
that had accompanied and saved him. He came to
himself with a dim fancy that he was ill in bed; then
realised his position with a mountaineer’s intelli-
gence, and worked himself loose and, after a rest or
so, out until he saw the stars. He rested flat upon
his chest for a space, wondering where he was and
what had happened to him. He explored his limbs,
and discovered that several of his buttons were gone
and his coat turned over his head. His knife had
gone from his pocket and his hat was lost, though he
had tied it under his chin. He recalled that he had
been looking for loose stones to raise his piece of the
shelter wall. His ice-axe had disappeared.

  He decided he must have fallen, and looked up to
see, exaggerated by the ghastly light of the rising
moon, the tremendous flight he had taken. For a
while he lay, gazing blankly at that vast pale cliff
towering above, rising moment by moment out of a
subsiding tide of darkness. Its phantasmal, mys-
terious beauty held him for a space, and then he
was seized with a paroxysm of sobbing laughter. . . .

  After a great interval of time he became aware

that he was near the lower edge of the snow. Below,
down what was now a moonlit and practicable slope,
he saw the dark and broken appearance of rock-
strewn turf. He struggled to his feet, aching in
every joint and limb, got down painfully from the
heaped loose snow about him, went downward until
he was on the turf, and there dropped rather than lay
beside a boulder, drank deep from the flask in his
inner pocket, and instantly fell asleep. . . .

  He was awakened by the singing of birds in the
trees far below.

  He sat up and perceived he was on a little alp at
the foot of a vast precipice, that was grooved by the
gully down which he and his snow had come. Over
against him another wall of rock reared itself against
the sky. The gorge betweengthese precipices ran east
and west and was full of the morning sunlight, which
lit to the westward the mass of fallen mountain that
closed the descending gorge. Below him it seemed
there was a precipice equally steep, but behind the
snow in the gully he found a sort of chimney-cleft
dripping with snow-water down which a desperate
man might venture. He found it easier than it
seemed, and came at last to another desolate alp, and
then after a rock climb of no particular difficulty, to
a steep slope of trees. He took his bearings and
turned his face up the gorge, for he saw it opened out
above upon green meadows, among which he now
glimpsed quite distinctly a cluster of stone huts of
unfamiliar fashion-. At times his progress was like
clambering along the face of a wall, and after a time
the rising sun ceased to strike along the gorge, the
voices of the singing birds died away, and the air
grew cold and dark about him. But the distant valley
with its houses was all the brighter for that. He
came presently to talus, and among the rocks he
noted—for he was an observant man—an unfamiliar
fern that seemed to clutch out of the crevices with
intense green hands. He picked a frond or so and
gnawed its stalk and found it helpful.

  About midday he came at last out of the throat of
the gorge into the plain and the sunlight. He was
stiff and weary; he sat down in the shadow of a rock,
filled up his flask with water from a spring and drank
it down, and remained for a time resting before he
went on to the houses.

  They were very strange to his eyes, and indeed the
whole aspect of that valley became, as he regarded it,
queerer and more unfamiliar. The greater part of its
surface was lush green meadow, starred with many
beautiful flowers, irrigated with extraordinary care,
and bearing evidence of systematic cropping piece by
piece. High up and ringing the valley about was a
wall, and what appeared to be a circumferential
water-channel, from which the little trickles of water
that fed the meadow plants came, and 011 the higher
slopes above this flocks of llamas cropped the scanty
herbage. Sheds, apparently shelters or feeding-places
for the llamas, stood against the boundary wall here
and there. The irrigation streams ran together into a
main channel down the centre of the valley, and this
was enclosed on either side by a wall breast high.
This gave a singularly urban quality to this secluded
place, a quality that was greatly enhanced by the fact
that a number of paths paved with black and white
stones, and each with a curious little kerb at the side,
ran hither and thither in an orderly manner. The
houses of the central village were quite unlike the
casual and higgledy-piggledy agglomeration of the
   —- . ^
mountain villages he knew; they stood in a continu-
ous row on either side of a central street of
astonishing cleanness; here and there their parti-
coloured facade was pierced by a door, and not a
solitary window broke their even frontage. They
were parti-coloured with extraordinary irregularity,
smeared with a sort of plaster that was sometimes
gray, sometimes drab, sometimes slate-coloured or
dark brown; and it was the sight of this wild plaster-
ing first brought the word “blind” into the thoughts
of the explorer. “The good man who did that,” he
thought, “must have been as blind as a bat.”

HE descended a steep place, and so came to the
wall and channel that ran about the valley, near
where the latter spouted out its surplus contents into
the deeps of the gorge in a thin and wavering thread
of cascade. He could now see a number of men and
women resting on piled heaps of grass, as if taking
a siesta, in the remoter part of the meadow, and
nearer the village a number of recumbent children,
and then nearer at hand three men carrying pails on
yokes along a little path that ran from the encircling
wall towards the houses. These latter were clad in
garments of llama cloth and boots and belts of
leather, and they wore caps of cloth with back and
ear flaps. They followed one another in single file,
walking slowly and yawning as they walked, like men
who have been up all night. There was something
so reassuringly prosperous and respectable in their
bearing that after a moment’s hesitation Nunez stood
forward as conspicuously as possible upon his rock,
and gave vent to a mighty shout that echoed round
the valley.

  The three men stopped, and moved their heads as
though they were looking about them. They turned
their faces this way and that, and Nunez gesticulated
with freedom. But they did not appear to see him
for all his gestures, and after a time, directing them-
selves towards the mountains far away to the right,
they shouted as if in answer. Nunez bawled again,
and then once more, and as he gestured ineffectually
the word “blind” came up to the top of his thoughts.
“The fools must be blind,” he said.

  When at last, after much shouting and wrath,
Nunez crossed the stream by a little bridge, came
through a gate in the wall, and approached them, he
was sure that they were blind. He was sure that
this was the Country of the Blind of which the
legends told. Conviction had sprung upon him, and a
sense of great and rather enviable adventure. The
three stood side by side, not looking at him, but with
their ears directed towards him, judging him by his
unfamiliar steps. They stood close together like men
a little afraid, and he could see their eyelids closed
and sunken, as though the very balls beneath had
shrunk away. There was an expression near awe
on their faces.

  “A man,” one said, in hardly recognisable Spanish
—“a man it is—a man or a spirit—coming down
from the rocks.”

  But Nunez advanced with the confident steps of a
youth who enters upon life. All the old stories of the
lost valley and the Country of the Blind had come
back to his mind, and through his thoughts ran this
old proverb, as if it were a refrain—

  “In the Country of the Blind the One-eyed Man
is King.”

THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

8.53

 I “In the Country of the Blind the One-eyed Man
 is King.”

 | And very civilly he gave them greeting. He talked
 to them and used his eyes.

 | “Where does he come from, brother Pedro ?” asked
 one.

 ' “Down out of the rocks.”

 | “Over the mountains I come,” said Nunez, “out
 of the country beyond there—where men can see.
 From near Bogota, where there are a hundred thou-
 sands of people, and where the city passes out of
 sight.”

 | “Sight?” muttered Pedro. “Sight?”

 ! “He comes,” said the second blind man, “out of
 the rocks.”

 The cloth of their coats Nunez saw was curiously
 fashioned, each with a different sort of stitching.

 They startled him by a simultaneous movement to-
 wards him, each with a hand outstretched. He
 stepped back from the advance of these spread
 fingers.

 “Come hither,” said the third blind man, following
 his motion and clutching him neatly.

 And they held Nunez and felt him over, saying no
 word further until they had done so.

 “Carefully,” he cried, with a finger in his eye, and
 found they thought that organ, with its fluttering
 lids, a queer thing in him. They went over it again.

 “A strange creature, Correa,” said the one called
 Pedro. “Feel the coarseness of his hair. Like a
 llama’s hair.”

 “Rough he is as the rocks that begot him,” said
 Correa, investigating Nunez’s unshaven chin with a
 soft and slightly moist hand. “Perhaps he will grow
 finer.” Nunez struggled a little under their examina-
 tion, but they gripped him firmly.

 “Carefully,” he said again.

 “He speaks,” said the third man. “Certainly he
 is a man.”

 “Ugh!” said Pedro, at the roughness of his coat.

 “And you have come into the world?” asked
 Pedro.

 “Out of the world. Over mountains and glaciers;
 right over above there, half-way to the sun. Out of
 the great big world that goes down, twelve days’
 journey to the sea.”

 They scarcely seemed to heed him. “Our fathers
 have told us men may be made by the forces of
 Nature,” said Correa. “It is the warmth of things
 and moisture, and rottenness—rottenness.”

 “Let us lead him to the elders,” said Pedro.

 “Shout first,” said Correa, “lest the children be
 afraid. This is a marvellous occasion.”

 So they shouted, and Pedro went first and took
 Nunez by the hand to lead him to the houses.

 He drew his hand away. “I can see,” he said.

 “See?” said Correa.

 “Yes, see,” said Nunez, turning towards him, and
 stumbled against Pedro’s pail.

 “His senses are still imperfect,” said the third
 blind man. “He stumbles, and talks unmeaning
 words. Lead him by the hand.”

 “As you will,” said Nunez, and was led along,
 laughing.

 It seemed they knew nothing of sight.

 Well, all in good time he would teach them.

 He heard people shouting, and saw a number of
 figures gathering together in the middle roadway of
 the village.
854

AMAZING STORIES

   He found it taxed his nerve and patience more
than he had anticipated, that first encounter with the
population of the Country of the Blind. The place
seemed larger as he drew near to it, and the smeared
plasterings queerer, and a crowd of children and men
and women (the women and girls, he was pleased to
note, had some of them quite sweet faces, for all
that their eyes were shut and sunken) came about
him, holding on to him, touching him with soft,
sensitive hands, smelling at him, and listening at
every word he spoke. Some of the maidens and chil-
dren, however, kept aloof as if afraid, and indeed
his voice seemed coarse, and rude beside their softer
notes. They mobbed him. His three guides kept
close to him with an effect of proprietorship, and
said again and again, “A wild man out of the rocks.”
“Bogota,” he said. “Bogota. Over the mountain
crests.”

“A wild man—using wild words,” said Pedro.
"Did you hear that—Bogota? His mind is hardly
formed yet. He .has only the beginnings of speech.”
A little boy nipped his hand. “Bogota!” he said
mockingly.

   “Ay! A city to your village. I come from the
great world—where men have eyes and see.”

   “His name’s Bogota,” they said.

   “He stumbled,” said Correa, “stumbled twice as
we came hither."

   “Bring him to the elders.”

AND they thrust him suddenly through a doorway

into a room as black as pitch, save at the end
there faintly glowed a fire. The crowd closed in be-
hind him and shut out all but the faintest glimmer
of day, and before he could arrest himself he had
fallen headlong over the fe„ of a seated man. His
arm, outflung, struck the face of some one else as
he went down; he felt the soft impact of features
and heard a cry of anger, and for a moment he
struggled against a number of hands that clutched
him. It was a one-sided fight. An inkling of the
situation came to him, and he lay quiet.

   "I fell down," he said; “I couldn't see in this
pitchy darkness.”

   There was a pause as if the unseen persons about
him tried to understand his words. Then the voice
of Correa said: “He is but newly formed. He
stumbles as he walks and mingles words that mean
nothing, with his speech."

   Others also said things about him that he heard
or understood imperfectly.

   “May I sit up?” he asked, in a pause. “I will
not struggle against you again.”

   They consulted and let him rise.

   The voice of an older man began to question him,
and Nunez found himself trying to explain the great
world out of which he had fallen, and the sky and
mountains and sight and such-like marvels, to these
riders who sat in darkness in the Country of the
Blind. And they would believe and understand noth-
ing whatever he told them, a thing quite outside his
expectation. They would not even understand many
of his words. For fourteen generations these people
had been blind and cut off from all the seeing world;
the names for all the things of sight had faded and
changed; the story of the outer world was faded and
changed to a child’s story; and they had ceased to
concern themselves with anything beyond the rocky
slopes above their circling wall. Blind men of genius

had arisen among them and questioned the shreds
of belief and tradition they had brought with them
from their seeing days, and had dismissed all these
things as idle fancies, and replaced them with new
and saner explanations. Much of their imagination
had shrivelled with their eyes, and they had made for
themselves new imaginations with their ever more
sensitive ears and finger-tips. Slowly Nunez realised
this; that his expectation of wonder and reverence
at his origin and his gifts was not to be borne out;
and after his poor attempt to explain sight to them,
had been set aside as the confused version of a new-
made being, describing the marvels of his incoherent
sensations, he subsided, a little dashed, ijito listen-
ing to their instruction. And the eldest of the blind
men explained to him life and philosophy and re-
ligion, how that the world (meaning their valley) had
been first an empty hollow in the rocks, and then had
come, first, inanimate things without the gift of
touch, and llamas and a few other creatures that had
little sense, and then men, and at last angels, whom
one could hear singing and making fluttering sounds,
but whom no one could touch at all, which puzzled
Nunez greatly until he thought of the birds.

  He went on to tell Nunez how this time had been
divided into the warm and the cold, which are the
blind equivalents of day and night, and how it was
good to sleep in the warm and work during the cold,
so that now, but for his advent, the whole town of the
blind would have been asleep. He said Nunez must
have been specially created to learn and serve the
wisdom they had acquired, and that for all his mental
incoherency and stumbling behaviour he must have
courage and do his best to learn, and at that all the
people in the doorway murmured encouragingly. He
said the night—for the blind call their day night—
was now far gone, and it behooved every one to go
back to sleep. He asked Nunez if he knew how to
sleep, and Nunez said he did, but that before sleep
he wanted food.

  They brought him food—llama's milk in a bowl,
and rough salted bread—and led him into a lonely
place to eat out of their hearing, and afterwards to
slumber until the chill of the mountain evening
roused them to begin their day again. But Nunez
slumbered not at all.

   Instead, he sat up in the place where they had left
him, resting his limbs and turning the unanticipated
circumstances of his arrival over and over in his
mind.

  Every now and then he laughed, sometimes with
amusement, and sometimes with indignation.

  “Unformed mind!” he said. “Got no senses yet!
They little know they've been insulting their heaven-
sent king and master. I see I must bring them to
reason. I^et me think—let me think.”

  He was still thinking when the sun set.

  Nunez had an eye for all beautiful things, and it
seemed to him that the glow upon the snowfields and
glaciers that rose about the valley on every side was
the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. His eyes
went from that inaccessible glory to the village and
irrigated fields, fast sinking into the twilight, and
suddenly a wave of emotion took him, and he thanked
God from the bottom of his heart that the power of
sight had been given him.

  He heard a voice calling to him from out of the
village. “Ya ho there, Bogota! Come hither!"

  At that he stood up smiling. He would show these
THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

855

people once and for all what sight would do for a
man. They would seek him, but not find him.

  “You move not, Bogota,” said the voice.

  He laughed noiselessly, and made two stealthy
steps aside from the path.

  “Trample not on the grass, Bogota; that is not
allowed.”

  Nunez had scarcely heard the sound he made him-
self. He stopped amazed.

  The owner of the voice came running up the pie-
bald path towards him.

  He stepped back into the pathway. “Here I am,”
he said.

  “Why did you not come when I called you?” said
the blind man. “Must you be led like a child? Can-
not you hear the path as you walk ?”

  Nunez laughed. “I can see it,” he said.

   “There is no such word as see,” said the blind man,
after a pause. “Cease this folly, and follow the sound
of my feet.”

   Nunez followed, a little annoyed.

  “My time will come,” he said.

  “You’ll learn,” the blind man answered. “There is
much to learn in the world.”

  “Has no one told you, ‘In the Country of the Blind
the One-eyed Man is King?’ ”

  “What is blind?” asked the blind man carelessly
over his shoulder.

FOUR days passed, and the fifth found the King
of the Blind still incognito, as a clumsy and use-
less stranger among his subjects.

  It was, he found, much more difficult to proclaim
himself than he had supposed, and in the meantime,
while he meditated his coup d’etat, he did what he
was told and learnt the manners and customs of the
Country of the Blind. He found working and going
about at night a particularly irksome thing, and he
decided that that should be the first thing he would
change.

  They led a simple, laborious life, these people,
with all the elements of virtue and happiness, as these
things can be understood by men. They toiled, but
not oppressively; they had food and clothing suffi-
cient for their needs; they had days and seasons of
rest; they made much of music and singing, and there
was love among them, and little children.

  It was marvellous with what confidence and preci-
sion they went about their ordered world. Every-
thing. you see, had been made to fit their needs; each
of the radiating paths of the valley area had a con-
stant angle to the others, and was distinguished by a
special notch upon its kerbing; all obstacles and ir-
regularities of path or meadow had long since been
cleared away; all their methods and procedure arose
naturally from their special needs. Their senses had
become marvellously acute; they could hear and
judge the slightest gesture of a man a dozen paces
away—could hear the very beating of his heart. In-
tonation had long replaced expression with them, and
touches gesture, and their work with hoe and spade
and fork was as free and confident as garden work
can be. Their sense of smell was extraordinarily
fine; they could distinguish individual differences as
readily as a dog can, and they went about the tend-
ing of the llamas, who lived among the rocks above
and came to the wall for food and shelter, with ease
and confidence. It was only when at last Nunez

sought to assert himself that he found how easy and
confident their movements could be.

  He rebelled only after he had tried persuasion.

  He tried at first on several occasions to tell them
of sight. “Look you here, you people,” he said.
“There are things you do not understand in me.”

  Once or twice one or two of them attended to
him; they sat with faces downcast and ears turned
intelligently towards him, and he did his best to tell
them what it was to see. Among his hearers was a
girl, with eyelids less red and sunken than the others,
so that one could almost fancy she was hiding eyes,
whom especially he hoped to persuade. He spoke of
the beauties of sight, of watching the mountains, of
the sky and the sunrise, and they heard him with
amused incredulity that presently became condem-
natory. They told him there were indeed no moun-
tains at all, but that the end of the rocks where the
llamas grazed was indeed the end of the world;
thence sprang a cavernous roof of the universe, from
which the dew and the avalanches fell; and when he
maintained stoutly the world had neither end nor roof
such as they supposed, they said his thoughts were
wicked. So far as he could describe sky and clouds
and stars to them it seemed to them a hideous void,
a terrible blankness in the place of the smooth roof
to things in which they believed—it was an article
of faith with them that the cavern roof was ex-
quisitely smooth to the touch. He saw that in some
manner he shocked them, and gave up that aspect
of the matter altogether, and tried to show them the
practical value of sight. One morning he saw Pedro
in the path called Seventeen and coming towards the
central houses, but still too far off for hearing or
scent, and he told them as much. “In a little while,”
he prophesied, “Pedro will je here.” An old man re-
marked that Pedro had no business on Path Seven-
teen, and then, as if in confirmation, that individual
as he drew near turned and went transversely into
path Ten, and so back with nimble paces towards the
outer wall. They mocked Nunez when Pedro did
not arrive, and afterwards, when he asked Pedro
questions to clear his character, Pedro denied and
outfaced him, and was afterwards hostile to him.

  Then he induced them to let him go a long way up
the sloping meadows towards the wall with one com-
placent individual, and to him he promised to de-
scribe all that happened among the houses. He noted
certain goings and comings, but the things that really
seemed to signify to these people happened inside of
or behind the windowless houses—the only things
they took note of to test him by—and of these he
could see or tell nothing; and it was after the failure
of this attempt, and the ridicule they could not re-
press, that he resorted to force. He thought of seiz-
ing a spade and suddenly smiting one or two of them
to earth, and so in fair combat showing the advantage
of eyes. He went so far with that resolution as to
seize his spade, and then he discovered a new thing
about himself, and that was that it was impossible for
him to hit a blind man in cold blood.

  He hesitated, and found them all aware that he
had snatched up the spade. They stood alert, with
their heads on one side, and bent ears towards him
for what he would do next.

  “Put that spade down,” said one, and he felt a sort
of helpless horror. He came near obedience.

  Then he thrust one backwards against a house
wall, and fled past him anr mit of the village.
856

AMAZING STORIES

HE went athwart one of their meadows, leaving
a track of trampled grass behind his feet, and
presently sat down by the side of one of their ways.
He felt something of the buoyancy that comes to all
men in the beginning of a fight, but more perplexity.
He began to realise that you cannot even fight hap-
pily with creatures who stand upon a different mental
basis to yourself. Far away he saw a number of men
carrying spades and sticks come out of the street of
houses, and advance in a spreading line along the
several paths towards him. They advanced slowly,
speaking frequently to one another, and ever and
again the whole cordon would halt and sniff the air
and listen.

  The first time they did this Nunez laughed. But
afterwards he did not laugh.

  One struck his trail in the meadow grass, and came
stooping and feeling his way along it.

  For five minutes he watched the slow extension
of the cordon, and then his vague disposition to do
something forthwith became frantic. He stood up,
went a space or so towards the circumferential wall,
turned, and went back a little way. There they all
stood in a crescent, still and listening.

  He also stood still, gripping his spade very tightly
in both hands. Should he charge them ?

  The pulse in his ears ran into the rhythm of “In
the Country of the Blind the One-eyed Man is
King!”

  Should he charge them?

  He looked back at the high and unclimbable wall
behind—unclimbable because of its smooth plaster-
ing. but withal pierced with many little doors, and at
the approaching line of seekers. Behind these others
were now coming out of the street of houses.

  Should he charge therw?

  “Bogota!” called one. “Bogota! where are you ?”

  He gripped his spade still tighter, and advanced
down the meadows towards the place of habitations,
and directly he moved they converged upon him.
“I’ll hit them if they touch me,” he swore; “by
Heaven, I will. I’ll hit.” He called aloud, “Look
here, I’m going to do what I like in this valley. Do
you hear? I’m going to do what I like and go where
I like!”

  They were moving in upon him quickly, groping,
yet moving rapidly. It was like playing blind man’s
buff, with every one blindfolded except one. “Get
hold of him !” cried one. He found himself in the arc
of a loose curve of pursuers. He felt suddenly he
must be active and resolute.

  “You don’t understand,” he cried in a voice that
was meant to be great and resolute, and which broke.
“You are blind, and I can see. Leave me alone!”

  “Bogota! Put down that spade, and come off the
grass!”

  The last order, grotesque in its urban familiarity,
produced a gust of anger.

  “I’ll hurt you,” he said, sobbing with emotion. “By
Heaven. I’ll hurt you. Leave me alone!”

  He began to run. not knowing clearly where to
run. He ran from the nearest blind man, because it
was a horror to hit him. He stopped, and then made
a dash to escape from their closing ranks. He made
for where a gap was wide, and the men on either side,
with a quick perception of the approach of his paces,
rushed in on one another. He sprang forward, and
then saw he must be caught, and swish! the spade
had struck. He felt the soft thud of hand and arm,

and the man was down with a yell of pain, and he
was through.

  Through! And then he was close to the street of
houses again, and blind men, whirling spades and
stakes, were running with a sort of reasoned swift-
ness hither and thither.

  He heard steps behind him just in time, and found
a tall man rushing forward and swiping at the sound
of him. He lost his nerve, hurled his spade a yard
wide at his antagonist, and whirled about and fled,
fairly yelling as he dodged another.

  He was panic-stricken. He ran furiously to and
fro, dodging when there was no need to dodge, and
in his anxiety to see on every side of him at once,
stumbling. For a moment he was down and they
heard his fall. Far away in the circumferential wall
a little doorway looked like heaven, and he set off in a
wild rush for it. He did not even look around at his
pursuers until it was gained, and he had stumbled
across the bridge, clambered a little way among the
rocks, to the surprise and dismay of a young llama,
who went leaping out of sight, and lay down sobbing
for breath.

   And so his coup d’etat came to an end.

  He stayed outside the wall of the valley of the
Blind for two nights and days without food or
shelter, and meditated upon the unexpected. Dur-
ing these meditations he repeated very frequently
and always with a profounder note of derision the
exploded proverb: “In the Country of the Blind the
One-eyed Man is King.” He thought chiefly of ways
of fighting and conquering these people, and it grew
clear that for him no practicable way was possible.
He had no weapons, and now it would be hard to get
one.

THE canker of civilisation had got to him even in
Bogota, and he could not find it in himself to go
down and assassinate a blind man. Of course, if he
did that, he might then dictate terms on the threat of
assassinating them all. But—sooner or later he must
sleep! . . .

   He tried also to find food among the pine trees, to
be comfortable under pine boughs while the frost fell
at night, and—with less confidence—to catch a llama
by artifice in order to try to kill it—perhaps by ham-
mering it with a stone—and so finally, perhaps, to eat
some of it. But the llamas had a doubt of him and
regarded him with distrustful brown eyes, and spat
when he drew near. Fear came on him the second
day and fits of shivering. Finally he crawled down to
the wall of the Country of the Blind and tried to
make terms. He crawled along by the stream, shout-
ing, until two blind men came out to the gate and
talked to him.

  “I was mad,” he said. “But I was only newly
made.”

   They said that was better.

  He told them he was wiser now, and repented of
all he had done.

  Then he wept without intention, for he was very
weak and ill now, and they took that as a favourable
sign.

   They asked him if he still thought he could “see.”

  “No,” he said. “That was folly. The world means
nothing—less than nothing!”

  They asked him what was overhead.

  “About ten times ten the height of a man there is
a roof above the world—of rock—and very, very
THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

857

smooth.” . . . He burst again into hysterical tears.
“Before you ask me any more, give me some food
or I shall die.”

  He expected dire punishments, but these blind
people were capable of toleration. They regarded his
rebellion as but one more proof of his general idiocy
and inferiority; and after they had whipped him they
appointed him to do the simplest and heaviest work
they had for any one to do, and he, seeing no other
way of living, did submissively what he was told.

  He was ill for some days, and they nursed him
kindly. That refined his submission. But they in-
sisted on his lying in the dark, and that was a great
miser)-. And blind philosophers came and talked to
him of the wicked levity of his mind, and reproved
him so impressively for his doubts about the lid of
rock that covered their cosmic casserole that he al-
most doubted whether indeed he was not the victim
of hallucination in not seeing it overhead.

  So Nunez became a citizen of the Country of the
Blind, and these people ceased to be a generalised
people and became individualities and familiar to
him, while the world beyond the mountains became
more and more remote and unreal. There was Yacob,
his master, a kindly man when not annoyed: there
was Pedro, Yacob's nephew; and there was Medina-
sarote, who was the youngest daughter of Yacob.
She was little esteemed in the world of the blind,
because she had a clear-cut face, and lacked that satis-
fying, glossy smoothness that is the blind man’s ideal
of feminine beauty; but Nunez thought her beautiful
at first, and presently the most beautiful thing in the
whole creation. Her closed eyelids were not sunken
and red after the common way of the valley, but lay
as though they might open again at any moment;
and she had long eyelashes, which were considered a
grave disfigurement. And her voice was strong, and
did not satisfy the acute hearing of the valley swains.
So that she had no lover.

  There came a time when Nunez thought that, could
he win her, he would be resigned to live in the valley
for all the rest of his days.

  He watched her; he sought opportunities of doing
her little services, and presently he found that she
observed him. Once at a rest-day gathering they sat
side by side in the dim starlight, and the music was
sweet. His hand came upon hers and he dared to
clasp it. Then very tenderly she returned his pres-
sure. And one day. as they were at their meal in
the darkness, he felt her hand very softly seeking
him, and as it chanced the fire leapt then and he saw
the tenderness of her face.

  He sought to speak to her.

  He went to her one day when she was sitting in
the summer moonlight spinning. The light made her
a thing of silver and mystery. He sat down at her
feet and told her he loved her. and told her how
beautiful she seemed to him. He had a lover's voice,
he spoke with a tender reverence that came near to
awe, and she had never before been touched by
adoration. She made him no definite answer, but it
was clear his words pleased her.

  After that he talked to her whenever he could take
an opportunity. The valley. became the world for
him, and the world beyond the mountains where men
lived in sunlight seemed no more than a fairy tale he
would some day pour into her ears. Very tentatively
and timidly he spoke to her of sight.

  Sight seemed to her the most poetical of fancies.

and she listened to his description of the stars and the
mountains and her own sweet white-lit beauty as
though it was a guilty indulgence. She did not be-
lieve, she could only half understand, but she was
mysteriously delighted, and it seemed to him that she
completely understood.

  His love lost its awe and took courage. Presently
lie was for demanding her of Yacob and the elder’s
in marriage, but she became fearful and delayed.
And it was one of her elder sisters who first told
Yacob that Medina-sarote and Nunez were in love.

  There was from the first very great opposition to
the marriage of Nunez and Medina-sarote; not so
much because they valued her as because they held
him as a being apart, an idiot, incompetent thing be-
low the permissible level of a man. Her sisters op-
posed it bitterly as bringing discredit on them all;
and old Yacob, though he had formed a sort of liking
for his clumsy, obedient serf, shook his head and said
the thing could not be. The young men- were all
angry at the idea of corrupting the race, and one
went so far as to revile and strike Nunez. He struck
back. Then for the first time he found an advantage
in seeing, even by twilight, and after that fight was
over no one was disposed to raise a hand against him.
But they still found his marriage impossible.

  Old Yacob had a tenderness for his last little
daughter, and was grieved to have her weep upon
his shoulder.

  “You see, my dear, he’s an idiot. He has delusions;
he can’t do anything right.”

  “I know,” wept Medina-sarote. “But lie’s better
than he was. He’s getting better. And he’s strong,
dear father, and kind—stronger and kinder than any
other man in the world. And he loves me—and
father, I love him.”

OLD Yacob was greatly distressed to find her in-
consolable, and, besides—what made it more
distressing—he liked Nunez for many things. So he
went and sat in the windowless council-chamber with
the other elders and watched the trend of the talk,
and said, at the proper time, “He’s better than lie
was. Very likely, some day, we shall find him as sane
as ourselves.”

  Then afterwards one of the elders, who thought
deeply, had an idea. He was the great doctor among
these people, their medicine-man, and he had a very
philosophical and inventive mind, and the idea of
curing Nunez of his peculiarities appealed to him.
One day when Yacob was present he returned to
the topic of Nunez.

  “I have examined Bogota,” he said, “and the case
is clearer to me. I think very probably he might be
cured.”

  “That is what I have always hoped,” said old
Yacob.

  “His brain is affected,” said the blind doctor.

  The elders murmured assent.

  “Now, what affects it?”

  “Ah!” said old Yacob.

  "This,” said the doctor, answering his own ques-
tion. “Those queer things that are called the eyes,
and which exist to make an agreeable soft depression
in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in
such a way as to affect his brain. They are greatly
distended, he has eyelashes, and his eyelids move,
and consequently his brain is in a state of constant
irritation and distraction.”
858

AMAZING STORIES

“Yes?” said old Yacob. “Yes?”

 “And I think I may say with reasonable certainty
 that, in order to cure him completely, all that we
 need do is a simple and easy surgical operation—
 namely, to remove these irritant bodies.”

 “And then he will be sane?”

 “Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite ad-
 mirable citizen.”

 “Thank Heaven for science!” said old Yacob, and
 went forth at once to tell Nunez of his happy hopes.

 But Nunez’s manner of receiving the good news
 struck him as being cold and disappointing.

 “One might think,” he said, “from the tone you
 take, that you did not care for my daughter."

It was Medina-sarote who persuaded Nunez to
face the blind surgeons.

 “You do not want me,” he said, “to lose my gift of
 sight ?”

 She shook her head.

 “My world is sight.”

 Her head drooped lower.

 “There are the beautiful things, the beautiful little
 things—the flowers, the lichens among the rocks, the
 lightness and softness on a piece of fur, the far sky
 with its drifting down of clouds, the sunsets and the
 stars. And there is you. For you alone it is good to
 have sight, to see your sweet, serene face, your
 kindly lips, your dear, beautiful hands folded to-
 gether. ... It is these eyes of mine you won, these
 eyes that hold me to you, that these idiots seek. In-
 stead, I must touch you, hear you, and never see you
 again. I must come under that roof of rock and stone
 and darkness, that horrible roof under which your
 imagination stoops. ... No; you would not have me
 do that ?”

A disagreeable doubt had arisen in him. He
stopped, and left the thing a question.

 “I wish,” she said, “sometimes-” She paused.

 “Yes,” said he, a little apprehensively.

 “I wish sometimes—you would not talk like that.”
 “Like what?"

 “I know it's pretty—it’s your imagination. I love

it, but now-”

 He felt cold. “Nozv?” he said faintly.

 She sat quite still.

 “You mean—you think—I should be better, better

perhaps-”

 He was realising things very swiftly. He felt
 anger, indeed, anger at the dull course of fate, but
 also sympathy for her lack of understanding— a
 sympathy near akin to pity.

 “Dear," he said, and he could see by her whiteness
 how intensely her spirit pressed against the things she
 could not say. He put his arms about her, he kissed
 her ear, and they sat for a time in silence.

 “If I were to consent to this?” he said at last, in a
 voice that was very gentle.

 She flung her arms about him, weeping wildly.
 “Oh, if you would,” she sobbed, “if only you would !”

 FOR a week before the operation that was to raise
 him from his servitude and inferiority to the level
 of a blind citizen, Nunez knew nothing of sleep, and
 all through the warm sunlit hours, while the others
 slumbered happily, he sat brooding or wandered aim-
 lessly, trying to bring his mind to bear on his di-
 lemma. He had given his answer, he had given his
 consent, and still he was not sure. And at last work-
 time was over, the sun rose in splendour over the

 golden crests, and his last day of vision began for
 him. He had a few minutes with Medina-sarote
 before she went apart to sleep.

  “To-morrow,” he said, “I shall see no more.”

  “Dear heart!” she answered, and pressed his hands
with all her strength.

  “They will hurt you but little,” she said; “and you
are going through this pain—you are going through
it, dear lover, for me. . . . Dear, if a woman’s heart
and life can do it, I will repay you. My dearest one,
my dearest with the tender voice, I will repay.”

  He was drenched in pity for himself and her.

  He held her in his arms, and pressed his lips to
hers, and looked on her sweet face for the last time.
“Good-bye!” he whispered at that dear sight, “good-
bye !”

  And then in silence he turned away from her.

  She could hear his slow retreating footsteps, and
something in the rhythm of them threw her into a
passion of weeping.

  He had fully meant to go to a lonely place where
the meadows were beautiful with white narcissus,
and there remain until the hour of his sacrifice should
come, but as he went he lifted up his eyes and saw
the morning, the morning like an angel in golden
armour, marching down the steeps. . . .

  It seemed to him that before this splendour he, and
this blind world in the valley, and his love, and all,
were no more than a pit of sin.

  He did not turn aside as he had meant to do, but
went on, and passed through the wall of the circum-
ference and out upon the rocks, and his eyes were al-
ways upon the sunlit ice and snow.

  He saw their infinite beauty, and his imagination
soared over them to the things beyond he was now to
resign for ever.

  He thought of that great free world he was parted
from, the world that was his own, and he had a
vision of those further slopes, distance beyond dis-
tance, with Bogota, a place of multitudinous stirring
beauty, a glory by day, a luminous mystery by night,
a place of palaces and fountains and statues and
white houses, lying beautifully in the middle distance.
He thought how for a day or so one might come
down through passes, drawing ever nearer and nearer
to its busy streets, and ways. He thought of the river
journey, day by day, from great Bogota to the still
vaster world beyond, through towns and villages,
forest and desert places, the rushing river day by
day, until its banks receded and the big steamers came
splashing by, and one had reached the sea—the limit-
less sea, with its thousand islands, its thousands of
islands, and its ships seen dimly far away in their
incessant journeyings round and about that greater
world. And there, unpent by mountains, one saw
the sky—the sky, not such a disc as one saw it here,
but an arch of immeasurable blue, a deep of deeps
in which the circling stars were floating. . . .

  His eyes scrutinised the great curtain of the moun-
tains with a keener inquiry.

  For example, if one went so, up that gully and to
that chimney there, then one might come out high
among those stunted pines that ran round in a sort of
shelf and rose still higher and higher as it passed
above the gorge. And then? That talus might be
managed. Thence perhaps a climb might be found to
take him up to the precipice that came below the
snow; and if that chimney failed, then another far-
ther to the east might serve his purpose better. And
THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND

859

then? Then one would be out upon the amber-lit
snow there, and half-way up to the crest of those
beautiful desolations.

Me glanced back at the village, then turned right
round and regarded it steadfastly.

He thought of Medina-sarote, and she had become
small and remote.

He turned again towards the mountain wall, down-
which the day had come to him.

Then very circumspectly he began to climb.

When sunset came he was no longer climbing, but
he was far and high. He had been higher, but he was
still very high. His clothes were torn, his limbs were
blood-stained, he was bruised in many places, but he
lay as if he were at his ease, and there was a smile
on his face.

From where he rested the valley seemed as if it

were in a pit and nearly a mile below. Already it was
dim with haze and shadow, though the mountain
summits around him were things of light and fire.
The mountain summits around him were things of
light and lire, and the little details of the rocks near
at hand were drenched with subtle beauty—a vein of
green mineral piercing the gray, the flash of crystal
faces here and there, a minute, minutely-beautiful
orange lichen close beside his face. There were deep
mysterious shadows in the gorge, blue deepening into
purple, and purple into a luminous darkness, and
overhead was the illimitable vastness of the sky. But
he heeded these things no longer, but lay quite in-
active there, smiling as if he were satisfied merely
to have escaped from the valley of the Blind in which
he had thought to be King.

  The glow of the sunset passed, and the night came,
and still he lay peacefully contented under the cold
clear stars.

THE END

The Metal Emperor

By A. MERRITT
Author of “The Moon Pool,” “The Face in the Abyss,” etc.

If you were amazed and thrilled by “The Moon Pool,” you will find that “The Metal Emperor”
far surpasses even the former wonderful story.

There simply has never before been such a story as this. Imagine if you can, thinking, reasoning
beings, not in the flesh and body, but in metal cubes and pyramids.

One of the most absorbing and thrilling tales that has ever been penned. This story runs serially
in Science and Invention Magazine, profusely illustrated in every issue. Be sure to have your
dealer reserve a copy of Science and Invention for you each month, as the demand bids fair
to be tremendous.

Science and Invention is on all newsstands on the 10th of each month.

What Do You Know?

D fc-ADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual know-
•edge to be gained through reading its pages than from many a textbook. Moreover, most of the stories

are written in a popular vein, making it possible for any one to grasp important facts.

The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions.

l’lease see if you can answer the questions first without looking for the answer, and see how well you check

up on your general knowledge.

1.	What is the miller’s wind? (See page 831).

2.	What wind pressure was recorded when the Tay
bridge blew down? (Sec page 833).

3.	At what velocity would a current of air have to
rise to support a man standing erect? (See page
833).

4.	What weight can the stag beetle lift compared to
its own weight? (See page 833).

5.	How many beats of the wing per minute do tfie
albatross, the pelican, the bee, and the horse-fly
give respectively? (See page 833).

6.	What American balloonists perished in Lake
Michigan? (See page 834).

  7.	What is the average fall of the thermometer for
     each 70 meters elevation above the surface of the
     earth? (See page 844).

 8.	What is the name of the famous mountain called
     the Matterhorn of the Andes? (See page 852).

 9.	What is the famous proverb about the One-eyed
     man? (See page 853).

    What is emotion ? How is it produced ? What
    glands are involved? (See page 880).

    When do sound vibrations cease to affect our
    senses? When do ether vibrations begin to affect
    our senses? (See page 883).

 12. What are the three ingredients of gunpowder?
     (See page 898).

 10.

 11.
HICKS’ MENTIONS WITH A KICK

By Henry Hugh Simmons

 THE ELECTRO-HYDRAULIC BANK PROTECTOR

It was in vain that Croffitt exerted his utmost strength to escape the viscous embrace . . . and it was not long before he was smeared
with glue from head to foot . . . The two were executing a strange two-step on the mosaic. Their shoes got stuck on the floor by th«
heavy, sticky mass fV* w«i running off them, and this made their efforts increasingly more frantic.

860
HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK

861

aid brought in a card. I took it,
t, and threw it in the waste basket,

ill	him I am on my vacation,” I
in a voice loud enough to be
three rooms off. And just at
that moment Hicks entered.

  I tell you I sat in my chair like petrified. Since
that episode of the Automatic Apartment, I had not
seen Hicks—at close range, at least. For nine months
I had been daily kicking myself for having allowed
him to talk me into fixing up another demonstration
for him—and that after the first one had resulted in
disaster. I had been dodging those people on the
street myself ever since, and in my walks about town
I was in a continuous sweat lest I meet one of them
face to face. Guess my feelings, then, at that man’s
colossal nerve when he appeared uninvited just as I
was throwing his card into the waste basket.

  As I sat there speechless, Hicks advanced and
proffered me a small flat package done up in fancy
paper and tied with red string. Mechanically, I took
that package and undid the thread. Methodically,
slowly I unwrapped it. Hicks, in the meantime, had
sat down in my easiest chair and gravely lit a cigar-
ette. Inside the package there was a fancy box. I
opened it. A golden cigarette case came into view.
In the middle of the cover, beautifully engraved, my
eye read my name “Fred C. O’Keefe.” With fas-
tidious care, I lifted the cover. Twenty cigarettes
of the well-known super-expensive brand “Abdullah”
were neatly arranged in two rows.

   The click of the box, as I snapped it shut, brought
me back to my senses.

  “Hicks,” I said hoarsely, “get! Get out—this in-
stant!” And I shoved the case toward him on the
table.

  I had expected a brazen smile and a smart answer,
but I was mistaken. Hicks looked sad as he replied:

  “O’Keefe, won't you let me apologize? Won’t
you give me a chance to make repairs ? I never did
you any harm intentionally, and I want to make good
that which I did unwittingly. Can’t you pardon a
man? Say so if you will and I will go, right now.
Even so I wish you would accept my little peace
offering—I picked it, as you see, especially for you.”

  Appeal to my generosity and I am sunk. I suppose
it’s that Celtic blood in me
or something, but that’s
the way it is. I knew he
had won right then.

  “I’ll go if you say so,”

Hicks resumed, rising. “I
came here only to . .

He seemed overcome with
emotion.

  “Stay!” I said. “Don’t
think that I am ungen-
erous. Give me your hand—I know you meant no
harm.”

  Hicks shook hands with me so hard that I got a
headache.

  “But,” I said, “that cigarette case—I really can-
not take it, old man, such a costly present—I really
cannot.”

  “You must!” eagerly returned Hicks. “Can’t let
you refuse—absolutely can’t. On my account, you
spoiled a suit. ...”

  “Two suits,” I said, reminiscently.

   " 1'wo suits,” said Hicks, reddening a little, “you

are right. Now I know you wouldn’t let me pay
for that suit—I mean, those suits—so you really
must take the load off my mind by accepting this
little present from me.”

  “Well,” ... I said.

  “And besides, there is something else about that
case. You haven’t seen all. Turn it over and have
a look.”

The Reason Why

1 TURNED the cigarette case over. On the back
of it I found engraved:

Commemorating the Initiation of the Hicks
Electro-Hydraulic Bank Protector

I read and below was the cryptic emblem:

  “What, been initiating another invention?” I
said. “How did it come off this time ?”

  “Er . . . not been, exactly, O'Keefe,” said Hicks,
“but going to. Now just a minute,—don’t say any-
thing yet—this is different,” he went on hastily, as he
noticed clouds forming on my brow. “This is dif-
ferent. The burnt child dreads the fire, O'Keefe,
and I have learned my lesson. This is all right, and
I think you will believe rne, when I tell you that I
have a banker backing me, and that the installation
of the Protector in a bank is just being finished.
And—I don't want you to invite anybody—I am
doing the inviting myself this time.”

  “Where? What bank? What banker?” I asked,
my interest aroused, for you know bankers are seri-
ous men—the most serious men in the world.

  “E. F. Croihtt, of the Surburban National,” said
Hicks.

  He couldn’t have said more if he had talked a
month. I knew E. F. Croffitt. In fact, he had re-
cently refused to extend
my note and that under
aggravating circumstances.
A more bloodless, cold-
hearted, pigheaded tight-
wad surely never trod the
earth. If he had commit-
ted himself so far as to
allow anything to be in-
stalled in his bank, surely
it must be all right. Tak-
ing chances was not in E. F. Croffitt’s dictionary. All
the sporting blood in his system, diluted with one
hundred parts of distilled water, would have made
exactly one small teaspoonful.

  “If you want me to be there, Hicks, count on me.
Where E. F. Croffitt takes a chance, I will, any
time.”

  “Thanks, old boy!” Hicks heartily responded.
“I am glad to say that the others seemed to feel
the same way. You know, O’Keefe, life means
nothing to me unless I have the esteem of my friends.
That’s why I came here. And that’s whv I wrote

HE m;
read i

“Te

said

heard

 TJ/'ITHOUT a question, the Electro-Hydraulic Bank
 rr Protector is the best of the Hicks’ series so jar.
 If you enjoy rough and tumble humor, with side-splitting
 situations, you will enjoy this story. Yes, as usual, it
 contains plenty of good science, and the scheme does not
 look so foolish as it may seem. However, there is a
 double-barreled ending to the tale, which will make you
 laugh loud and long.
862

AMAZING STORIES

the others, sending each of the men a golden cigar-
ette case like yours and each of the women a golden
vanity case. I have heard from four, and I expect
to hear from the rest to-day. I am sure I will.”

The Great Day

AS we agreed, I made my appearance at the
Fourth Street branch of the Suburban Na-
tional Bank at 9 o’clock Friday morning.
There was one drawback—it was Friday—and I
don’t like Fridays; and on my way to the bank I
noticed it was the 13th. I am not superstitious, but
I was worried for a while about that combination.
But finally I told myself that it was all nonsense.
Besides, I was soon too deeply interested in what
there was to see to be worrying about a silly matter
of dates. The Suburban National had been adding
to its floor space, and the new division was all but
ready to be thrown open to the public. Part of the
space was made a long room parallel with the street,
and this was faced by the usual row of some twelve
or fifteen clerks’ and tellers’ windows. To my
cursory glance, indeed, everything looked very much
like in any ordinary bank, though I remember being
struck by the fact that the partition ran right up to
the ceiling and though of ornate design, was unbroken
except for the windows, and had an uncommonly
solid appearance. My attention was also arrested by
what appeared to me as an unusual number of
electric-light columns, also of highly ornamental
character, grouped along in front of the partition.
My reflections on the reason for all this were pres-
ently terminated when Hicks, who had espied me as
I entered, came rushing up and led me to meet
the company. Some twenly people were present, of
whom I already knew about half. I braced myself
for a shock as I came face to face with Irvine. But
he shook hands with me quite amicably. So did
Hicks’ uncle Jeremiah, who had also been present at
the inauguration of the Automatic Apartment. I
nearly backed out as I. met Smith—he is a violent
man, you know—but even he took my proffered
hand. It's wonderful what those cigarette cases
had done, I mentally reflected. This time I had
promised myself not to bring anyone along, and so
neither aunt Zelinda nor aunt Eulalia were there.
Professor Dinker and his fiancee also were missing.
I guess their experiences with the Automatic Apart-
ment had been too much for their dignity. How-
ever, this lack was made up for by the company the
banker had supplied. There were two other presi-
dents of banks. One was Mr. Quague, a little
skinny, hungry-looking individual, who had the ap-
pearance of not being able to count ten. but had
on numerous occasions been known to multiply his
assets by that figure. The other was Mr. Ivragg,
who was fat, coarse, wide, and an incessant talker.
Three skinny females to whom I was introduced
proved to be his wife, who was gushing about art,
and his daughters, who had their father's face and
their mother’s form, with the addition of bandy-legs
-not the best possible combination, I thought.
Among the remaining people, I knew Mr. Schmaltz,
the chief teller of the Suburban National. And then
there was E. F. Croffitt himself, a tallish, bald-
headed man of forty-five, who wore glasses and
whose peculiar mincing gait contrasted strangely
with his big feet and ungainly figure, and whose
painful attempts at an engaging smile immediately

brought to mind the picture of an amiable and tender-
hearted snake beaming upon its intended victim. He
was here, there, and everywhere, conversing in an
oily and yet rasping voice, full of pride and anticipa-
tion. And now he addressed the company. He en-
larged upon the crime situation in general and bank-
holdups in particular, and at the end of his sonorous
remarks, introduced Hicks.

"Unaccustomed as I Am—”

  REALLY must apologize when I address
  ft you,” modestly began the inventor. “I am

  A no orator, and Mr. Croffitt has presented bet-
ter than I could, the underlying reasons for the in-
vention of the Hicks Electro-Hydraulic Bank Pro-
tector. But I wish to sketch to you the central idea
back of the invention itself. Mr. Croffitt has referred
to the fruitless attempts of the police to curb rob-
beries. The police are doing all they can under
present conditions. But they are undermanned and
therefore handicapped to a great extent. And a more
serious condition even, is the absolute failure of the
courts to adequately punish those criminals whom,
often at great expense and risk of life, the police do
apprehend. When I say this, I 'am only repeating
facts with which you are all but too familiar.

  “Now, what,” inquired Hicks, “is the remedy in
the face of a situation such as this?” He paused
for a moment, waiting for an answer. “If the police
are unable to catch the criminals, and the courts are
unable to mete out proper punishment to instill suf-
ficient respect in the minds of those who intend to do
evil, then it is up to the citizens to catch the criminal,
so utterly and unfailingly defeat him, that even after
he has served his term, he will remember the experi-
ence with feelings of unalloyed and unforgettable
terror.”

  Hicks had raised his voice and emphasized these
last remarks, and now he stopped to take a breath.
E. F. Croffitt and the other two bankers nodded
gravely in a pleased way, and a general murmur
of assent ran through the company.

  “The more I thought of this idea,” Hicks con-
tinued, “the more I was taken with it. How to
defend the bank and its treasures against the holdup
man became the subject of my thoughts by day and
my dreams by night. What complicated the problem
was that while apprehending the wrong-doer with
unfailing certainty and creating in the mind of every
criminal the feeling that the bank, instead of being
a fit prey for his nefarious activity, was a place
to be shunned like the plague, it was necessary to
guard the public and the bank employees from in-
jury. For a while, I will frankly admit, it seemed
hopeless. It would take too long to even sketch an
outline of my labors, the many false scents I fol-
lowed, as it were. Let it suffice that after a vast
expenditure of concentrated mental effort, I finally
developed the Hicks Electro-Hydraulic Bank Pro-
tector, a system of bank protection totally differing
from others, a weird combination, you may think
at first blush, yet I am sure you will find it a logical
remedy. Strange diseases call for strange medicines.

  “You may wonder, for instance, at the idea of
hydraulics, of water under pressure, for a purpose
such as this. At first it seems odd. But let us con-
sider for a moment. When there is a riot, and it all
seems hopeless, when the police, with night sticks and
HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK

863

revolvers, are unable to cope with the situation, when
the unreasoning mob is no longer deterred by fear
of death and injury, then who is called in? Why,
the Fire Department!”

  As Hicks made this pronouncement, a pleased hum
of approbation could be heard. The idea had struck
home.

  “When the inmates of a jail or a madhouse grow
rebellious and raise pandemonium in their cells day
and night, and no punitive measures seem to take
effect, when isolation, starvation, straightjackets are
of no use, then what is?” Hicks continued, and an-
swering his own question: “Why, water, streams
of cold water, big cold streams under high pressure..
As soon as the water hose is brought in, the fight,
the riot, ends. No fight has ever been known to
last one minute after the fire hose began to play on
the fighters. Men will fight in a hail of bullets, they
will brave death from bombs and grenades, they
will keep on fighting after they are bleeding from a
dozen wounds. But turn a big, powerful stream
of cold water on them, and the most ferocious fighter
quits.”

  “I use electricity to bring about that sudden re-
lease of the water that is necessary to obtain the
desired effect. However, it also operates the armor-
plate shutter I have provided for each window. The
idea of so protecting the tellers’ windows is not new.
It has been tried out, but, for one reason or another,
has met with only partial success. One of the most
serious troubles is that, in his rage and disappoint-
ment, the hold-up man is apt to run amuck and kill
people at random. Such a system, therefore, be-
comes positively dangerous. Yet, combined with the
proper complementary idea it makes a splendid de-
vice. I will show you how I found this combination.

1 beg your pardon for a moment.”

  “Number nine down, Daniels,” Hicks called.

  In a flash, our view through the window in front
of which we were assembled, into the interior of the
banking room, was shut off. There was a hiss and
a click, and we were face to face with grey steel.

Scientific Facts

«TT may interest you,” commented the inventor,
“to know this shutter is made of a new
X. chromemolybdenum steel, which, when heat-
treated, develops extraordinary properties. The
minimum tensile strength is 180,000 lbs., and it shows
a Brinnel hardness of about 600. In a plate such as
this, which has a thickness of an eighth of an
inch, no bullet from any pistol will make more than a
slight dent.”

^ Respectful silence greeted this announcement.
Everybody looked serious. Somebody whispered
“tremendous.” Croffitt and Kragg gravely wagged
their heads. There is nothing better than scientific
facts to make people think, I say.

  “What is more interesting, right now, however, is
that the face of the shutter is formed with a number
of slightly concave indentations similar to a magnify-
ing mirror. Such a mirror is used to reflect and con-
centrate light. The purpose of these concavities also
is to reflect and concentrate—not light, but water.”
There was a ripple of excitement. The interest
was rising. Apparently ignoring this, the inventor
went on:

  “So we now come to the hydraulic part of my

system. Let us pause for a moment and see what we
want to accomplish. We want to catch the criminal,
that is true. But first and foremost, we want to
defend ourselves against him. In these days of gang
banditry, we must be prepared for a condition where
one or two of a company of robbers undertake the
hold-up, and other members stand ready to start a
general attack if things do not go as intended. The
tellers' windows, of course, present the only profit-
able point of attack. The modern bank bandit is a
desperate and quick-witted individual. Seeing a
comrade foiled by the shutter, other members might,
for instance, place an explosive against some of the
windows. It has been tried. So they must be warded
off—absolutely prevented from even getting near a
window.

  “Now suppose we had a four-inch stream of water,
under a pressure, say, of two hundred pounds per
square inch. If we were to direct this stream
against this shutter from a distance, of, say three
feet, then what would be the effect?

  “The effect would be tremendous. The power of a
stream of water like this is something that cannot
be imagined until one has seen it. Presently I shall
give you a practical and convincing demonstration
of what such a stream will do. In the meantime, let
us reason out just what will take place. The water
will be deflected by the surface of the shutter. As
that surface is divided up into a number of concave
surfaces having their foci placed at a variety of
slightly different angles, the four-inch stream, now
divided into two dozen smaller streams, will be
thrown back with tremendous force from the shutter,
right in the face of the attacker,—a blinding, un-
escapable, elemental rush of water against which
there can be no thought,of fight,—in the face of
which resistance becomes a mere ridiculous fantasy,
and action of any kind, whether concerted or not,
a preposterous joke.”

Why Smith Got Scared

AS the inventor paused to wipe the perspiration
from his face, it was clear that Hicks’ logic
. vvas hitting the mark. The whole thing had
a! first seemed odd, but now it turned out to be a
wonderful piece of reasoning. Just then Smith
nudged me and drew me aside. I looked at him.
Worry was sitting on his brow.

  “I am going,” he said.

  “What for?” I asked, astonished.

  “What for! Why, because I am afraid of this
nut and his stuff. Here he's got water again—and
look at the force. Under 200 lbs. pressure per
square inch. Why, I don’t feel safe near those
pipes even. It’s a long time since I went to engineer-
ing college, but I. . .

  “Why, man, you mean to say you studied to be
an engineer?” This from me, for that study fasci-
nates me beyond anything else.

  “Yes, I did, and . .

  “And now you are content to be a cheesemonger
. . . er, er, . . . I mean, you know ... I don’t
mean ... I meant to say . . . Well, now ...”
I stuttered. I wonder will I ever get over that con-
founded impulsive way of mine of putting things.

I didn’t think at that moment that Smith always
seemed supersensitive about that business of his—
got a delicatessen store, you know.
864

AMAZING STORIES

  For forty seconds Smith said nothing, but re-
garded me with a gaze of fierce intensity.

  “You were saying,” I gently urged. “Yes, you
were saying. . .

  Gradually Smith’s face relaxed and his glance lost
some of its steely fierceness. After a pause that
seemed like a month, he ground out slowly:

  “Well, as I meant to say when you interrupted me,
this stuff doesn’t look safe to me. Pressure way
too high. Too much trigger business about those
electrical controls. Why, that stream of water turned
on a man would be enough to throw him fifty feet,
O’Keefe! I am going.”

  “May be so, but I am staying,” I announced.
“Maybe it is too high. What of it? We can always
get out. We are on the street level. The room is
big. There are doors. You will be missing some-
thing, if you go. If I were you, I’d stay. Come on,
stay!”

  Smith did not reply. Whether my argument or
fear of being thought afraid changed his mind, I
don’t know, but he stayed. He was uneasy, though.
Meanwhile this conversation had lost me a part of
Hicks' speech.

Wonderful Reasoning

      TALVE practically hidden in the top of this
\/ column, and designed to throw the water at
j an angle of forty-five degrees to the wall
surface, the water being actually deflected, however,
in a general horizontal direction and straight out, by
reason of the inclination of the concavities in the
shutter to which I referred. While the stream as it
issues from the nozzle will therefore miss the head
of the person standing in front, his face and the
entire upper portion of his body will be the target
of the rebounding water at a distance of two feet.
But even six feet away, though spread out wider, the
power of the spray will still be so great that it will
be impossible for any human being to hold his
ground.

  “You may wonder why I first direct the stream
against the window. It might seem more practical
and simple to direct a number of streams from the
window against the intruder. But that would com-
plicate matters instead of simplifying them. Instead
of one valve I would need at least a dozen, and
they would have to be built in around the window.
You can see some of the complications already. And
then, while such a system would ward off the bandit,
it would still be incomplete protection. A bomb, with
the fuse burning, for instance, might still remain on
the window sill.

  "With the present arrangement, not only are all
complications avoided, but the torrent of water, boil-
ing over the window, would immediately sweep away
and render ineffectual any explosive charge. After
all, as you see, the indirect way here proves the best
and the simplest way out.”

HICKS smiled a little as he noticed how his neat
piece of reasoning was being appreciated by
his audience. Remarks such as “sure is good,” “won-
derful fellow,” “Isn’t he just fine”—this from the
women—more or less subdued, were to be heard on
every side. You can bet that I shared in the general
appreciation. Only Smith seemed aloof, and looked
sullen and worried.

   “A general switchboard,” resumed the inventor,
“back in the tellers’ room, and which you can see
through these windows in the inner banking room,
takes care of all electrical controls. It is now ex-
posed to allow final adjustments to be made, but later
it will be covered by a box and locked to prevent
untoward happenings. One of the controls on this
board is for the operation of the shutter, from the
action of which results the opening of the overhead
valve. But what I have so far pointed out to you is
only the first line of defense. You will remember
that we do not merely want to scare the holdup man
away, but that we want to apprehend him—we want
to utterly confound him, all along the line. And so
we come to the piece de resistance of the Hicks
Electro-Hydraulic Bank Protector, namely, the Hy-
draulo-Centrifugal Rotating System. It is here that
the punitive features of my invention come in.”

   With Hicks pointing out things I quickly began to
see system in the arrangement of the columns. There
were four grouped in front of each teller's window
to form a square having sides of about two feet and
a half,—all four meeting in graceful gothic curves
overhead, where they were topped by a beautiful
cluster of lights. Two of the columns were within a
few inches from the partition, and, in fact, ran
through the counter, the other pair being set out
further into the room. In the left hand one of
'these there was located the four-inch nozzle. And
centered between them on the floor, there was a
raised circular step, about eighteen inches in diameter
upon which anybody would have to stand in talking
to the teller. I had paid no particular attention to
this before.

Some Technical Data

Hf | M-IIS round step,” Hicks said, “is in reality
I a revolvable platform. I say revolvable,
JL not revolving, because ordinarily, it is fixed.
But as soon as the shutter has dropped, it is free
to revolve. You have already seen that one of these
columns is really a standpipe. I want to add that
the remainder are the same. And as you see here,
each one of them has, at a height of from three
to five feet, and under the guise of ornamental ex-
crescences, a row of three short nozzles with a two-
inch opening, Now, if you’ll look closely,” continued
Hicks, “you will notice that these nozzles are pointed
in a direction that would be about tangent to the
body of the person standing on the platform. Now
what is the idea here?

   “Suppose we were to direct four tangent streams
at the round platform on which the person stands,”
continued the inventor, “what would happen ? Why,
it would revolve—it would start to spin at a speed
of which the ratio would be determined by the diam-
eter of the platform, the area of contact, the force
of the water stream, and the frictional coefficient
between the water and the peripheral surface of the
platform.”

  “Good!” I cried. “Go on!” Some of the com-
pany turned round and looked at me, but I simply
can’t help it, I am gone on that stuff. Some day,
when I have time, I’ll take a course in engineering.

   Hicks looked around him, pleased, and continued:
“So, when we apply the four triple two-inch streams,
each under two hundred pound pressure per square
inch, to the body of a person standing on a platform
HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK

865

—mounted, I will add, on roller bearings—and when
we consider that the muzzle velocity of the stream is
approximately 173 feet per second, and figure the
mean diameter of the average person, the frictional
area presented by the clothing, and the coefficient of
friction of the clothing and water. . .

  “Good!” I broke in. “Good! Fine!”

  “Why then I find that, after all necessary deduc-
tions are made, an average rotational speed of ap-
proximately three hundred and forty revolutions
per minute should be obtained.”

  I restrained myself with difficulty from patting
Hicks on the back. Inwardly 1 swore he should
have one of those two bottles of Hennessy Five Star
I had at home. As for the company, they were hum-
ming with remarks. President Croffitt wore a broad,
hard smile on his face. The other two presidents
were whispering in that impressive way that bankers
have.

What Happens to the Robber

“AT OW,” resumed Hicks, “picture the situation.

  |Xj The hold-up man enters. He steps on the
.jL. 1 platform—there is no other choice. The
teller suddenly looks into the muzzle of a gun. ‘Slip
me five thou’, or you’re dead,’ is the demand. The
teller steps on the button. There is a crash—all
the shutters in the room are down. Perhaps the
burglar shoots—no matter, the shutter can stand it.
And it would be his last vicious act, for within three-
tenths of a second after the shutter is down, the
twelve valves open simultaneously. The water is
under 200 lbs. pressure. Escape is impossible—you
cannot cross such a stream ten feet away from the
nozzle, and here it is only two. At the end of the
first second, the robber is spinning around at the
rate of one hundred and twenty revolutions per min-
ute. After one hundred revolutions, however, or in
time, seventeen seconds, the water is shut off. We
don’t want to kill him, you know. Dazed, uncon-
scious, he collapses on the floor. Meanwhile the re-
maining tellers’ windows have automatically been
closed. The rotating system is here inactive, but
tremendous sprays of water from the first line de-
fense are playing into the room. Some of the cus-
tomers, of course, will get a scare, and all of them
will get a wetting, but that is a matter of trivial
moment compared to the fact that the attack is foiled
and a decisive setback given to future nefarious
schemes. As for the robber, he is beyond escaping
by his own effort. There is still one possibility—he
might be carried out by accomplices. But even this,
his last ray of salvation, is annihilated by the final
and crowning feature of the Hicks Electro-Hydraulic
Bank Protector—the Adhesive Reaction.

  “If you will look overhead”—we all did and for
the first time T noticed, in the ceiling above us, what
looked like a semi-spherical metal ornament about
two feet in diameter—"you will see, corresponding
with the row of tellers’ windows, and exactly above
each platform, a corresponding row of my patented
Adhesive Droppers. Each of these bowl-shaped af-
fairs is made in four sections, which are hinged at
the top. When closed, each bowl contains—you will
be surprised to hear it—one hundred pounds of the
strongest adhesive known,—Le Page’s Liquid Glue.”

• There was no question that this was indeed a sur-
prise. Some one laughed. Banker Croffitt smiled
a hard, pleased smile.

  “It might look like a humorous touch,” said Hicks,
also, smiling, “but it is, in fact, from the standpoint
of the bank, the needed final link of protection, and
from the point of view of the gangster, the final link
in the chain that will bind his wrists. The glue is
contained in an envelope of celluloid so thin that it
will just suffice to keep it togther so long as it is in
the bowl of the dropper, but instantly bursts into
fragments when the ball is dropped. Now complete
the picture: The burglar, unconscious, has collapsed
on top of the platform. One of his colleagues un-
dertakes to carry him out. Before he can even raise
him, or to be exact, in two and a quarter seconds
after the rotating streams have been shut off, the
bowl opens and a solid ball of glue, two feet across,
and weighing one hundred pounds, drops from a
height of twelve feet. The effect, I need hardly say,
is final, insofar as escape is concerned. Did you
ever, in fastening things together, get a little glue on
your fingers and then try to do anything? If you
did, then you have some faint idea of what a man
can do, or what can be done with him, after one
hundred pounds of liquid glue have been dropped all
over him.”

A Case of Cold Feet

FOR a few moments there was silence, and
then there was clapping of hands, led by
E. F. Croffitt, himself. Everybody crowded
around him and the inventor, congratulating one
or both, asking questions, expressing admiration.
Only Smith stood aside, with a scowl on his face.

  “I am going,” he said.

  “Why, man, what is biting you now ?”

  His wife had overheard us, for she chimed in,
“You are going, Billy? What for?”

  “Don’t like that stuff, I told you. I have a sort
of a feeling ... I am afraid of that high pressure
and that' fool mechanism. And that centrifugal
stuff—remember the Automatic Dining Table. As
for those electric controls—think of the Automatic
Apartment and what it did to us. You come along.”
“But I am enjoying this,” Mrs. Smith objected.
“I am going to stay.”

“Then stay if you want to, but I am going!”

  For a moment I hesitated myself, but I quickly
recovered.

  “Stay, Smith,” I urged. “Come on, be a man.
You wouldn't leave Mrs. Smith here alone, anyway,
would you? Don’t spoil the fun—do me a favor.
You aren’t really afraid, are you?”

  That settled him. He stayed. But he was looking
no more cheerful—less so, if anything.

  “Now, ladies and gentlemen,” Hicks’ brisk voice
was saying, “we will have a practical demonstration.
In the rear of the room and far away from the
scene of action, I have had built a platform a foot
from the floor from which you may watch pro-
ceedings, dry footed, when the water starts to play.
It will be confined to the opposite end of the room.
I have had prepared a dummy”—here he patted the
shoulder of a life-size doll, intended to represent ^
muffled hold-up man—“which we will put through
its paces when it comes to turning the water on.
But first we will need some dry action. Mr. Kragg
lias volunteered to play the sinister burglar, and Mr.
Schmaltz will take his place at the window and repre-
sent what he is in real life—a teller.”
866

AMAZING STORIES

  Schmaltz, a small, round man, was immediately
installed behind the teller’s window. Mr. Kragg,
to the general amusement, was tying a handkerchief
across his face.

  “All ready, Daniels!” cried Hicks. There was
no answer. “Must have gone out for a moment,”
said the inventor. “Try your button, Mr. Schmaltz,
and see if the shutter is acting. It’s all safe—the
water is shut off!”

A Practical Demonstration of Hydraulics

I COULD see Schmaltz moving slightly side-
ways as he fumbled for the button with his
foot. There was a little jerk and the shutter
moved, as if it were trying, but it did not come
down. And then with a hiss, with the suddenness
and force of an explosion, a mighty stream of water
issued from the overhead nozzle and struck the
counter just in front of Schmaltz. It was all so
quick that I noticed Schmaltz was still smiling when
the deflected stream, now flattened, hit him right
under the chin. Even in that tiny fraction of a
second the thought shot across my brain that Hicks
had said he would give a convincing demonstration
of the inconceivable power of such a stream of
water,—and here it was. The next moment the re-
bounding stream had lifted the unfortunate teller
in the air. A doubled-up ball of humanity, he was
turning a rearward somersault over a table right
behind him. One, two, three, four turns, executed
with fantastic rapidity; the broadening stream of
water playing on the periphery of the human ball
that was Schmaltz and accelerating his rotation.
And then abruptly, he landed, sitting down, but with
a sliding motion, on the switchboard. The last
thing I remember seeing were miscellaneous pieces
of the bottom of his pants adhering to various levers
and other protuberances on the switchboard. What
became of him from that moment on I do not re-
member, for I was busy elsewhere.

  Even before any of the women had time to give
vent to a shriek, the inventor’s despairing yell re-
sounded through the room, piercing the crash of the
tumbling body and the roar of the water:

  “The switchboard—God help us—must get at it—
doors locked!” And with incredible speed he made
for the nearest window—the shutters had all re-
mained open and the whole thing was evidently out
of gear, for nothing was happening the way it should.
Even as I wondered at Hicks’ presence of mind, I
noticed that Smith was also about to climb through
another window, and I distinctly recall in that
moment regretting that I had ever thought him a
coward, for here he was one of the only two men of
action in the crowd—the others were paralyzed. I
was too.

The Hydraulic Rotating System in Action

ALL this happened in a fraction of a second.

As I have observed before, in emergencies
w the human mind works with lightning speed.
As Hicks was lifting one knee to get into the win-
dow, I heard a distinct loud “click,” and at the same
moment I saw ten thousand stars and found myself
sitting twelve feet away on the floor, yet on some-
thing remarkably soft. I distinctly recall noticing
this detail. And then I noticed that I was getting

hit at rapid intervals and that I was wet, and getting
wetter. I had hardly had time to associate these
various facts with the tangential streams from Hicks’
window, when my dazed senses were stung into
wide-awakeness by the spectacle which now pre-
sented itself to my one good eye. Of Hicks nothing
was to be seen, but there was a tall column of water
which was whirling around with incredible rapidity,
and from which at frequent irregular intervals there
issued offshoots in the form of mighty spurts of
water in four directions. Simultaneously, a roar as
of a high-power turbine, punctuated by staccato
splashes as the branching streams hit something or
somebody, was to be heard. The room all over was
one mass of horizontal geysers and everybody present
was floored, some of the company lying in heaps over
each other and crawling about in their misery from
one place to another, only to get into worse trouble.

  I only noticed these things by the way, for my hor-
rified gaze was riveted on the upright whirling mael-
strom, which I knew contained Hicks. And then
suddenly, I remembered that Smith behind me had
tried to get through a window too, and turning half
around on where I sat—I was quite unconscious that
I was sitting on Mrs. Kragg, and as I afterwards
realized, was merely feeling an undercurrent of irri-
tation at the shrieks of agony proceeding from under-
neath—I saw another whirling waterspout a few
feet away, with a dark core which I knew to be
Smith. “Poor, heroic fellow,” I remember saying
to myself, and then one of the tangential streams
branched off and hit me on the ear so hard that I
was knocked off my perch. “And 1 was the one that
urged him to stay!” I thought as I turned over and
rolled off. A little shiver ran down my spine—it
was not due to the water. I say there is nothing
like the human mind—strangest thing in all the
world.

WHAT I have related so far took place probably
in no more than four seconds. The surprise
attack had been so sudden and so fierce that only a
few screams, for the most part quickly muffled by
fierce darts of water, had been heard. But long
before the two unfortunates ceased their involuntary
mad-dervish whirl, shrieks, curses, maledictions,
advice to get out, orders to do this or that, demands
to stop it, filled the air. Somebody had crawled to
the door and tried it. I knew it was no use—Hicks
had said it was locked—it had been his last remark.
Logical too—part of the scheme. I knew we were
caught, even as I \yas ineffectually trying to dodge
the fierce intermittent shots of water that were assail-
ing me from two sides. It had just dawned on me
that I might slightly better my situation by crawling
elsewhere, when I suddenly noted that the streams
had ceased. Instantly the thobght flashed through
my brain that a hundred revolutions had been com-
pleted—part of Hicks’ system was working, anyway.
My head was turned in the inventor’s direction, and
even as I was looking, the envelope of water sud-
denly dropped from him, and Hicks, no longer sus-
tained by the tremendous gyratory force of the vor-
tex, collapsed between the four columns, a wet, de-
formed mass.

  I heard a piercing scream behind me and turned
round. Mrs. Smith was draping her wet but opulent
form over the prostrate body of her husband, who
was dazedly trying to raise his head.
HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK

867

  “Oh, my poor, curly-headed baby!” Mrs. Smith
was saying, in a pitiable tone, as she put her arm
tenderly around her husband’s neck. It’s funny
how I am built, but even half-dazed though I was, I
knew that that appellation was not altogether correct,
for Smith is bald, forty years old, and weighs over
two hundred pounds. This didn’t seem to matter to
Mrs. Smith, though.

The Power of Glue

my poor, little curly-headed boy!” she

  1 1 was saying for the second time. “My
. . .” She got no further. There was a
rush as of something soft and heavy. A dark,
shadowy form swept by, there was a dull, heavy
“sap!” and Mrs. Smith seemed to crumple upon her
husband, while her head and shoulders were blotted
out by a greenish mass about two feet in diameter.

  It was one of the Adhesive Reactions—I knew it
instantly.

  “Help! I . . . gob . . . gob . . . gob ...” I
turned to see whence the new cry of alarm issued
and saw Hicks, who had managed to sit upright,
looking like a humorous sketch of a deep-sea diver.
His head appeared six times its natural size, envel-
oped as it was in a hundred-pound gob of liquid ad-
hesive. In that moment I knew what he had meant
when he talked of the psychological effect of the
thing—it was awful. And yet I knew only the be-
ginning.

  E. F. Croffitt sprang to the aid of Mrs. Smith.
All bankers are chivalrous. He could not make her
hear, for the adhesive had enveloped her. entire head
in a coat an inch thick and was slowly spreading in
heavy greenish streams down over her body or drip-
ping off, here and there, in big drops,—but he sought
her hands with his and succeeded in raising her.
Just then Mrs. Smith blew an opening through the
coat of glue over her mouth. A blood-curdling shriek
rent the air, as she fell around Croffitt’s neck. The
banker tried to get away, but there was no getting
away. Instead the lady drew him closer and closer
to her bosom, blindly seeking protection, where
she knew there was human flesh. It was in vain
that Croffitt exerted his utmost strength to escape the
viscous embrace. His struggles only got him mixed
up more, and it was not long before he was smeared
with glue from head to foot. The adhesive by this
time had worked down on both their garments and
was all over their shoes. The two, Mrs. Smith hold-
ing the banker in a tight embrace, were executing a
strange two-step on the mosaic. Their shoes got
stuck on the floor by the heavy, sticky mass that was
running off them, and this made their efforts increas-
ingly more frantic. Under Croffitt’s superhuman
struggles to wrench his feet free, first one Oxford,
and then the other, followed by both his socks, re-
mained adhering to the floor. As they stumbled
about in their weird and sticky dance, they backed
into the inventor, who had made a breathing hole
in his glue mask by swallowing a quart or so and,
in trying to claw some of the stuff off his head
and neck, had enveloped his hands in sticky gobs
eight inches in diameter. Under the impact, he now
put these out blindly and closed them from behind
over the banker’s face. Croffitt’s roar of rage at this
new injury shook the ceiling, but was almost instantly

stifled, as a big gob got lodged in his mouth. He
swallowed hard-down it went.

Schmaltz Does His Bit

WHILE I was watching this new develop-
ment with a sort of nightmare interest, I
realized subconsciously that all this time the
thundering of water had not ceased. I turned my head
towards the partition and instantly I knew the reason.
It was only the tangential streams that would cease
at the end of seventeen seconds—the four-inch line
of defense was going full force, but as the shutters
had refused to act, they were blazing away through
the windows into the interior banking room. What
had become of Schmaltz? The question struck me
with a sickening mental thud. Had he been killed?
Was he drowned ? I raised myself and looked cross-
wise through one of the windows. Fifteen enormous
streams were playing against the opposite wall, from
which they were rebounding with a frightful roar.
A subdued, powerful hum, I noticed now, was shak-
ing the room—the noise caused by the tremendously
fast travel of the water through the pipes. But
where was Schmaltz ? There, in the midst of a boil-
ing water volcano issuing from the opposite wall, up
to his waist in water, he was,—I saw a head and
arms. He was alive! He was doing something, too
—fumbling with the switchboard. Good! Fine!
I almost cried to know that he had not been killed.

  And just then another thought struck me with
annihilating force. The switchboard! Let him fool
with it and only the Almighty knew what would
happen next!

  “Shut up! Get out! Leave it alone!” I
screamed. He did not hear. The noise was too
much. But I shouted again. I gesticulated. He
did not see. I turned round in despair. Kragg was
standing near me.

  “Got to get him to leave that switchboard alone,”
I yelled,—“he’ll raise the devil if he don’t.”

  Kragg proved a man of action. “Let’s both yell
at him—he may hear that”—he roared at me, as he
went as near the window to me as the oblique stream
from above would let him. “Now!”

1LET out my yell—but got only half through
it. Beneath the roar of waters, I heard a sharp
click. There was a black flash, and I would in-
stantly have known that the shutter was down, even
if the tremendous spray of the recoiling water which
barely missed me, had not apprised me of the fact.
The realization that I had escaped came simultane-
ously with the knowledge that Kragg had not. He
must have had his head right in line with the re-
bounding spray. There was an explosion of water as
the boundless hydraulic force made contact with his
face. This lasted but the hundredth part of a second,
however. Then Kragg, head backwards, with in-
conceivable speed and the force of a battering ram,
was shot out into the room. With a sickening thud,
his head bored itself into Irvine’s stomach—he had
been standing right in line. Irvine shut up like a
jack-knife, and the combined bulk of the two men
landed on Quague. The sigh of the escaping air
from the little banker as the three hundred and
fifty pounds abruptly sat on his stomach, could be
heard even through the thundering and hissing of the
water.
868

AMAZING STORIES

  Elsewhere in the room, the water was raising in-
describable havoc. After the first baptism had
ended, most of the people had instinctively backed
against the wall opposite the partition, in their desire
to get as far away as possible from the source of
those tangential torrents. They now, however, found
themselves in the very worst place, for by the time
the four-inch streams had gone nearly across the
room they had spread enough so that the entire
expanse of the opposite wall was, to use a para-
doxical expression, under fire—the remainder of the
room being under water anyway—which was now
two feet deep. Under the relentless play of those
mighty fountains nobody was able to keep his ground.
Some, on their hands and knees, were crawling out
toward the partition again, others were crouched
with their faces against the wall. Hats, sticks, and
gloves, ladies’ handbags and other articles were float-
ing around in the boiling sea. I was one of the few
who had remained near the partition and was there-
fore comparatively comfortable, for I was merely
sitting in water up to my chest. I was still, in a
dazed and detached way, admiring the strange effects
produced by the mighty spray playing upon the
Kragg-Irvine-Quague trio and wondering about their
seeming inability to get disentangled from each other,
when abruptly the streams ceased flowing and the
roar of the waters ended. The stillness which fol-
lowed, by comparison, seemed like the stillness of
death.

The Field of Battle

HERE and there, half-crazed human beings,
women with their dresses sticking to
them, men with wilted collars and clothes
from which the water was running in rivers, were
raising themselves from the deluge. The fierce tune
of the water discharge was replaced by a tune in a
new key. Women wept and sobbed. Men cursed,
as yet weakly, but as if they meant it. As reason
began to return, ominous glances were focused in
the direction of Hicks. So far as he was concerned,
the water display had been a benefit, as it had to
Mrs. Smith and Croffitt, by washing some of the
glue off them. Smith himself was propped up
against the wall. His face was pale, but his glance
was ferocious, and it was bent upon me. I re-
gretted to see how quickly he was recovering. Mrs.
Smith’s face was clean, but her hair was a solid mass
of adhesive. Croffitt had risen. He had a thick wad
over his neck and ears, and his entire front elevation
was still besmeared with the stuff. As he stood there
in this array, minus shoes and stockings, I decided
he did not make a very impressive figure. But his
glance at Hicks was absolutely frightful. The water
was rapidly draining off—that part of the system
was working, anyway. With my mind still in a reel,
I dully, vaguely wondered what would happen when
those people really woke up. And then the thought
flashed through my mind that after all, we—this
company—were the best proof of the efficiency of
the Hicks Protective System. How could robbers
hold up a bank such as this?

A Little Surprise

THERE was a pounding at the door. “Help
is coming!” cried Mrs. ICragg, jubilantly.
“We are rescued!”—A fool remark—what
in the devil did we need rescuing for, anyway. All

we had to do was to walk out. I might even slip
out—ahead of Smith. I felt better.

  The door opened. Four men entered. They closed
it behind them. I was surprised to note how care-
fully they closed it.

  The four men advanced. At first blush, these
rescuers did not look inspiring. Two were little
skinny, ferrety-looking individuals with hard, shifty
eyes and harder mouths. The third was a brutal-
looking, heavy-set young man who chewed a quid,
and the last man who entered, a lank, hatchet-faced
individual, had a positively evil look.

  “Hold up yer hands an’ line up agin de wall, if
yer don’t wanna be killed,” ordered the lank indi-
vidual. And he jerked out a big pistol, which he
waved in our general direction. “Now don’t make
no noise. Shoot de foist guy wot makes a wrong
move, Butch," he said casually to the heavy-set man.

  “Sure will, Jake,” replied that worthy.

  “Now go t’rough deir clothes, yer two,” ordered
the leader, for none less was the lank man. At this,
the two ferrety-looking yeggs started a business-like
survey of our clothing. They worked fast, yet took
time to be thorough, and it was surprising to see
how much they collected. Watches, rings, bracelets,
jewelry worth thousands of dollars, were stripped
from us in a few moments, and this was joined by
an equally large sum in cash.

  “Now, ole Baldy,” the leader disrespectfully ad-
dressed E. F. Croffitt, “show us de way to yer strong
room an’ open it fer us. Dere’s a good guy—yer
don't wanna have de sexton t’row de doit on yer
nose in a coupla days, does yer, now?”

  “Why, I have no vault here ... at least, the
money isn’t in it. It’s in the other part of the
bank,” stuttered Croffitt.

  “Quitcher lyin’, yer big stiff,” snarled the leader,
“an’ show us de coin.”

  “I ... I ... I assure you,” said Croffitt.

  “Lemme put a knife atween 'is ribs, jes’ lemme,”
chimed in Butch. “I’s jes’ a-achin’ ter do it, Jake,
an’ it ain't gonna make no noise.”

  “Get busy sudden or yer'r dead,” snapped Jake,
and shoved the muzzle of the big pistol right under
Croffitt’s nose. The banker's face grew ashen. “I
will,” he whispered.

  While the two rat-faced men held the rest of us
at bay with drawn revolvers, Jake and Butch entered
the inner room. I could see, from the point where I
was standing, how with trembling hands, E. F.
worked the combination. He stepped back, and
Butch by him, pistol pressed to his side. The leader
went in and presently came out'with several bundles
of bank notes. Evidently he was an expert who did
not care to encumber himself with heavy stuff. E. F.
Crdffitt groaned. “Don’t take it—there’s a hundred
thousand dollars. Please don't—I am a ruined man,”
he moaned.

  “Course we ain't gonna take it. Baldy,” observed
the facetious Butch. '“Jes’ gonna look it over an’
see if it’s all dere and den give it back to yer. Jes’
bank examiners, dat’s all we is; ain't we, Jake?”

  “Sure,” that worthy responded. “Jes’ a-takin’
care o’ the interests o’ de dee-positors, dat’s wot we
is.”

  When Croffitt had been conducted back among us,
the four hold-up men backed away a few steps and
the leader addressed us.

  “We been a-watchin’ yer li’l game fer a while,”
HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK

869

said Jake. “Kinda kep’ me eye on de joint. Le’s see
how dis ’ere bank pertective stuff woiks, I says ter
me li’l playmates here. An’ it sure woiked. Ain’t
youse de guy wot invented it?” he suddenly asked,
turning to Ilicks. The inventor, pale, slowly nodded.

  “Say, buddy, I likes yer,” Jake said, impulsively.
“Yer done us a good toin. I likes yer, an’ here is
four bits what says I does,” and diving in his pocket,
he fetched out a half-dollar and pressed it into Hicks’
hand.

  “Now, Gummy, do yer stuff! We gotta be a-goin’,”
he commanded. At this word, one of the rat-faced
men drew out a small parcel, which he deftly lighted
and threw in the air. Almost at once the room was
filled with dense black smoke.

   “Stay dere, an’ don’t raise hell or yer’ll all suffer,”
was the parting command, as the four crooks went
out through the door. We heard them lock it from
the outside, and then the cry “Fire! Bank’s afire!
Ring de alarm !” which was immediately taken up by
other voices outside.

  The Morristown fire department is celebrated for
its efficiency. It seemed that we had hardly had time
to stumble about in the dense smoke to try the door
and find it really was locked, before we heard the

clanging of the bells and the shriek of the sirens.
In a jiffy, in less time than it takes to tell, plate-glass
windows were smashed in, and six tremendous
streams of water played into the room, searching
every corner. In vain were our shrieks, yells, curses.
There was smoke, and where there is smoke, there
must be fire. That was enough. The Morristown
fire department know their duty. It was only after
our company had been floored for the time, after
we had been utterly confounded and beaten down,
and were crawling around in two feet of water in a
condition of absolute and abject misery, that a fire-
man climbed through to investigate.

  I was not present to hear what was said. Neither
vvas Smith. Neither was Hicks. For we were going
down the street. Smith was running like a long dis-
tance champion. But over my shoulder I saw he
vvas hopelessly outdistanced—I was ahead of him,
you know. And I looked back a number of times
to reassure myself, for Hicks, who was ahead of me,
was going so fast that I seemed to be running back-
wards. And I wasn’t trying to catch him at that—
maybe Smith was. I reached my apartment and
locked myself in—and next day I left for the West.
I needed a vacation.

                          THE END

   START 12 n NOON

    -x^rlNlSH l2t1TUEr'S
/ START I2M MONDAY
FINISH I2M,TUES >—

6AMTUES.

12. RM
MON.

12 P.M.
MON.

The Author’s Explanation of “The Astounding Discoveries of Dr. Mentiroso”

THERE are several
“catches” in the
story of “The As-
tounding Discoveries
of Doctor Mentiroso”
and therein lies the
solution. If Doctor
Mentiroso traveled
from west to east at

1.000	miles per hour
and was free from all
frictional resistance
and the attraction of
gravitation he would
remain approximately
over the same spot
upon the earth in-
definitely as the earth
would be traveling at
the same speed through
space; and without the
resistance of the atmos-
phere or gravitational
pull he would be left
far behind unless he were traveling eastward at 1,000
miles per hour. If he reversed his direction and headed
west at 1,000 miles per hour (being of course free
from gravitational pull and atmospheric resistance)
he would be passing the surface of the earth at 2,000
miles per hour although still traveling about the earth’s
axis at 1,000 miles per hour. Hence he would make a
complete circuit (although in an opposite direction)
every 24 hours, so that the sun (to him) would rise in
the west and set in the east and his days would be 24
hours long. He would arrive back at his starting point
24 hours later, with his time agreeing with the earth’s
time at that point. If he traveled at a speed of say

24.000	miles per hour it would not affect the earth's time,
but would merely result in each of his days being one
hour long, or in other words, the sun to him would rise
and set every hour. As all our time is based upon the
earth’s rotation and orbit, Doctor Mentiroso’s time (if
traveling faster than the earth and free from its atmos-
pheric envelope) would have no real connection with

IF TRAVELING EAST TO WEST AT 1000 rtPR IF TRAVELING EAST TO WEST AT 2000 M.P.H

   earth time. It would In fact be similar to time upon a
   distant planet. Theoretically, he would of course, return
   to his starting point before he left it, provided he went
   by earth time; but just as soon as he begins traveling
   about the earth’s axis faster than the earth itself, he
   produces his own individual time. In other words, if his
   days were one hour long (when traveling at 24,000 miles
   per hour) according to our conception of an hour which
   is one twenty-fourth of the period between sunrise and
   sunrise, then his hours would be one twenty-fourth of
   an earth hour and his speed based on that would be only

   1,000 miles per his hour. The whole question is one of
   relativity, and regardless of what speed he attained, his
   time in relation to earth time would remain constant, and
   the instant he set foot on earth he would find that the
   time was precisely what it would have been had he
   traveled about the earth’s axis at 1,000 miles per hour.

   The accompanying diagrams will perhaps make this
   clearer.
THE UNDERSEA EXPRESS

 By J. Roamaji

     ThS“ «	°n" 'and’^th^^sudd'n'Dlmn7n«°07	T3kW"1J.lhfd to“lW? °P'rntor at ,he *wi.ch-
..................... —s,ow,y &
THE UNDERSEA EXPRESS

871

2500 A. D.

years I had planned a voyage to
indon in one of the big I. E. C. sub-
Tsibles, yet never until this day had
been able to adjust my business and
ler affairs so as to arrange the trip.
There were compensations in this, however, for the
patents of the International Express Company had
lately expired, making it possible for me to see the
newer developments which had placed the Com-
pany’s vessels so far ahead of the many other sub-
marine ships that unloaded their cargoes from the
water-filled labyrinth beneath the city streets. Mr.
Babbington, Vice President of the Company, had
been kindness personified. He had arranged for me
to see everything. Yet, as we waited for a sight
of the scheduled ship, each succeeding minute served
to increase my impatience.

  Half an hour of this and I was decidedly ill-
lnimored. I glared about the little subterranean
room, noticing for the tenth time, the small elevator
which nestled in the corner ready to lift us to the
level of old Broadway 300 feet overhead. I stared
balefully at the pale little man who sat before a
small switchboard fingering a row of push-buttons.
1 felt like clutching his throat, not because he was
the cause of the submersible’s lateness, but because
I was angry and he was anemic and miserahle-look-
ing. My eyes wandered to the channel side of the
chamber, an immense wall of thick, though trans-
parent glass, the size of a show-window, whose pro-
tecting bars of steel reminded me of the prisons used
in the days of our forefathers. Then, as I gazed
out into the green liquid on the far side of the glass,
I was conscious that my friend, Mr. Babbington,
had touched the operator at the switchboard. For a
moment I thought the latter had turned on another
big lamp, which was filling the channel with light,
but as I looked, the glare came nearer, and with a
sudden pumping of my heart, I knew that my ship
had come at last.

  The giant cigar-shaped
vessel nosed her way
along and as the forward
portion of her length
slipped by, I saw the cap-
tain at the bridge, which
resembled a small bay-win-
dow. He waved a hand to
Mr. Babbington, whom I
heard muttering about Fate
and Fortune and the mon-
etary value of the forty-
five minutes which the sub-
mersible had lost. Then,
just as I read the large
white letters upon her hull,
signifying that she was the International Express
Company Ship Number 352 of New York City, she
came to a stop with a gentle tremor- against the
bumper side-clips.

  A second later the pale operator pushed one of
his buttons and as my eyes followed the direction of
his, T saw a huge vertical cylinder cleaving the water
in its descent upon the waiting submarine . . . There
was a mild clash of steel on steel and then, as
another button felt the anemic finger of the operator,
six metal arms swung out from the cylinder, lock-

   ing themselves firmly to as many thistle-keys. Simul-
taneously, a current of bubbling water began to
stream from a series of electro-hinged ports extend-
ing around the base of the big tube. This, however,
ceased in a few seconds, whereupon a light flashed
on above the switchboard.

  “Come on,” cricd Mr. Babbington. “That’s the
signal—the water is ejected from the cylinder. The
352 will open her hatches and loading will begin.”

   I	followed him into the elevator which whisked us
up 265 feet to the loading room where the clang
and din of New York’s busy streets were wafted
down through the ventilators. These noises were as
echoes of the sounds which should have issued from
this room of arriving crates and departing boxes.
But from the room itself there were no loud noises,
no clashing of heavy articles, no shouting, no rattling
of trucks. I noticed piles of packages and crates de-
posited gently on the floor by compressed air chutes
leading from the checking room on the street level.
Each pile was labeled according to its destination—
Seattle, San Francisco, London. Paris, Singapore,
Peking, etc. The shipments for Chicago and Seattle
were at the moment being gathered up by powerful
little gas-reciprocating cranes and dumped on large
lift platforms which carried them up through the ceil-
ing. Mr. Babbington nodded toward the ascending
boxes. "To the Air Liners,” he said. "Elevators go
to landing towers on the roof.”

WE arrived at the tubular shafts leading to the
channel in time to see my baggage disappear
into the depths. Two elevators were unloading while
a third sent down a stream of various sized bales.
Soon one lift was switched to loading work and
shortly after all three were carrying down their con-
signments destined for points in the British Isles.

   As the loading work neared completion, the pas-
senger lift brought up a ruddy, white-haired man
dressed in the uniform of a ship captain.

  “I’m sorry, Mr. Babbington,” he said advancing
toward us, “But I can make up the forty-five minutes

if I can get up on the
surface somewhere on
the other side of this
storm.”

   “That’s all right, Jud-
son,” replied the Vice
President with more good
humor than he felt. “But
what happened to you ?
My locator dial showed
you off Sandy Hook not
two hours ago.”

  “Didn’t you get my
message ?”

  “No, I have been show-
ing our plant to my friend
here.” And turning to me, “This is Captain Judson,
skipper of the 352 who will take care of you aboard
ship.”

   Judson shook my hand heartily and continued.

  “There is quite a blow out there,” he went on.
“Some surface ship dragged her anchor and pulled
up one of those old, old cables—a relic of the days
of wire communication. Well, it fouled my propeller
and I had to stop long enough for my divers to
repair the damage.”

   “I trust you have better luck this trip,” replied

 /N these days of trans-Allantic flights, one would think
 lliat the idea of an undersea express would he rather
 far-fetched. But this need not necessarily be so, for the
 simple reason that when trans-Atlantic flying becomes
 commonplace, as it will during the next jew years, such
 traffic, due to the high cost, will most likely be for pas-
 sengers. The heavy freight will continue to travel by
 ocean liners, or perhaps by the undersea express, for
 better speed, as no storms will impede the progress of a
 subsea vessel. There are other advantages, too.

    Our new author, being a Lieutenant in the U. S. Army,
 takes us into the not-too-distant future, and somehow you
 gain the impression that it is all very real, and that you
 may live to see it.
872

AMAZING STORIES

Mr. Babbington in serious tones. “You have a con-
signment aboard which must reach the London office
of Littleton & Roberts by 5:00 P. M. tomorrow;
otherwise we lose the $50,000 guarantee we put up."

  “Don’t worry, we shall reach London on time,”
said the captain.

  A hurrying official brought Captain Judson his
clearance papers before Mr. Babbington could put
in another word, and we all walked to the passenger
elevator. A handshake, a wave of adieu, and two of
us were speeding downward through the steel tube,

  I stepped out into a well-lighted passage-way as
Captain Judson, following me, pressed a signal but-
ton on the door of the elevator. This conveyance,
passengerless, rose from our midst and disappeared
up the shaft. Some unseen mechanism caused the
heavy rods and guides to slide noiselessly against the
wall and the great hatch slowly swung upwards on
its hinges to close the aperture above it. Before I
followed my conductor toward the bow, I heard
the grating and clank of metal above the closed
hatch as the cylinder was'released from its thistle-
keys.

  “Captain,” 1 said with some awe, “suppose that
through an error, one of those telescopic cylinders
should be withdrawn before you close the hatch?
We should be drowned like rats.”

  “Couldn't,” he retorted shortly, “thistle-keys won't
unlock until hatch has clicked shut.”

  We emerged into a chamber which the captain
identified as the bridge. Opposite us I could see the
channel lights through the long narrow arc of glass
extending from beam to beam. A seaman stood at
the wheel surrounded by numerous dials and indica-
tors. Captain Judson joined him and, when a green
light flashed on above the binnacle, moved forward
the throttle.

  I looked out and saw the slimy walls of the channel
slip by under the intense brilliance of our headlight.
At intervals, traffic lamps came into view and shad-
ows flitted across our bows as we approached and
passed under them. Twice I saw submersibles being
loaded from cylinders similar to that through which
I had descended.

  In the distance appeared a red light blinking rapid-
ly. I noticed our skipper’s hand retard the throttle
and felt the thrumming of the ship decrease to a
bare perceptibility. We came to a complete stop
beneath the red glow and, as I strained my eyes at
the window, a tremendous submarine vessel lum-
bered athwart our bow.

  “United Tobacco Freighter,” mumbled Judson.
"Biggest submersibles built—800 footers, but very
slow.”

  The light suspended above us turned green and
the 352 forged ahead. We emerged into a small
lake where the helm was put over hard so that the
beam of our headlight shone into another channel
leading to the open sea.

FIFTEEN minutes had passed when a young man
walked in.

  "This is Mr. Larkin, my First Officer,” grumbled
the captain, by way of introduction.

  We bowed and grinned at each other as our com-
mander continued.

  “Those two lights we just passed mark the en-
trance to the channel,” he said, addressing me.
“See that green light off our port bow? That is the
Rockaway Guide Light. Over there is the Manhattan

Beach Guide,—yes, that flashing one. In a few min-
utes you will see the Sandy Hook Light off our
starboard side.”

  I remembered having read about the latter light—
the most powerful in use. It was invented by Gaut-
tauve, who, after spending his life in research,
offered the results of his labor to the government.
But although the strongest underwater light then
known could not be seen from a distance of eight
miles, this wonderful lamp was rejected. Gauttauve
died a soured and disappointed man, but his discov-
eries and inventions, as united in his lamp, lived
after him to light the submerged shores of the prin-
cipal ports of the world.

  Larkin interrupted my thoughts by stepping up to
take his turn on the bridge, but Captain Judson
shook his head.

  “I’ll stick it out until we get well away from these
lights and buoys,” he said. “You take our friend
through the ship.”

  Larkin smilingly led me down the corridor.

  “The Old Man is obsessed with the idea that all
those lights are confusing to the rest of us,” mur-
mured the first officer good humoredlv. “The truth
is that he is prejudiced against them. 1 le prates
for hours at a time of the days when submarine
navigation was done with no other aids than head-
light and compass.”

  We went down a short companionway to the
engine room where the powerful machinery was driv-
ing us along at ninety knots an hour. Just inside the
door and extending across the breadth of the room,
were batteries of immense vacuum tubes whose cath-
ode rays gave off characteristic gleams of phosphor-
escence.

  “Each one capable of 500 H.P.,” remarked Larkin,
simply, during his explanations.

  But to me the real marvel was the gas, which,
under the magic of cathode rays, possessed un-
fathomed properties of expansion. The great diffi-
culty in its use was to employ all its tremendous
power; that is, to control the expansion. Larkin
told me that the man who could do this would re-
ceive a fortune even greater than that of Carpenter,
the discoverer of the gas.

I WATCHED the great whirring turbines and
wondered if man-made machinery could ever
withstand the full power of the expansion. I heard
the whistling gas leap from the triple expansion
chambers and, still under the action of cathode rays,
slash against the vanes of the turbines only to scream
its way out on the far side and die a natural death in
the refrigerating system.

  We began the inspection of the ventilating plant
where pure oxygen, manufactured from bilge water,
was diffused through every inch of our ship’s four
hundred and twenty feet of length. I was about to
press Larkin for details when an alarm bell on the
wall began ringing furiously.

  “Every man to his post!” he shouted. “Come on
to the bridge and we’ll find out what’s up.”

  We rushed in to find Captain Judson bending over
the collision guide. “We’re going to be delayed!” he
groaned. “Have to go to the assistance of a tramp.
The lubber was too near the surface and scraped the
bottom of an iceberg. Well, we’ll see what can be
done. Larkin, take a turn about the ship and see
that everyone is standing by. You may then remain
at the P. F„ while I keep the bridge.”
THE UNDERSEA EXPRESS

373

  As the mate departed, I glanced at the depth in-
dicator. The arrow was fairly flying, 450, 460, 470,
480 it read. The pointer on the collision guide now
extended straight toward our bow.

  A nervous voice shouted from the communicator
horn, “Ahoy, 352, do you hear me?”

  Judson growled assent through his communicator
mouthpiece.

  “Well, for Gods sake, hurry! My power plant
is dead now and 1 can’t get any more pressure in
my safety tanks. We’ll be cracked like an egg shell
if you don’t reach us soon. We’re at 600 feet now
and still going down.”

  "I'll be alongside in five minutes,” returned Jud-
son through his mouthpiece. "Mow much water are
you taking in?”

  “I don't know. I think I’m full amidships,” was
the response. "My engineer had to run for it just
now. Me says the water is seeping in fast.”

  For a short while there was silence broken only by
the singing of my ears subjected for the first time
to the increasing air pressure of the compensating
tanks.

  Captain Judson suddenly spoke into the communi-
cator. “Ahoy, Bristol,’' he cried. “Can you muster
enough pressure around your intake pipe valves to
receive a pump line from us?”

  “Lord, no!” came the reply. “There’s no chance
of your pumping. My pressure wouldn’t stay up for
ten minutes.”

  Judson ground his teeth. “Well, what do you
expect me to do, sink with you?” He paused mo-
mentarily, and then, “You’ve turned down every-
thing I’ve suggested. Now this is my last word.
I’m not going to attempt the saving of that tub of
yours. She is completely gone anyway. You’ve no
power and but little air and you’re filling fast. I’ll
take off your crew and that’s all.”

  He ceased, with an angry snort, and cut off our
power. 'Hie friction of the sea slowed us down
almost immediately and as we eased along, I caught
sight of a long finger of metal shining in the beam
of our headlight.

  It was the Bristol. She was settling by the stern,
her bow at an angle of thirty degrees vainly pointing
toward the surface, which her tireless crew had
fought so hard to gain. She was going faster now
and only a few moments remained before she would
fall into that sickening dive from which there is no
recovery.

  But our skipper brought us alongside with con-
summate skill. As I looked out on the port side it
seemed that I could almost touch the great black
hull which descended nearer and nearer to our level.
Judson, too, gazed at the disabled submersible, his
hand on the depth valve key which he turned with
a slow, continuous motion, keeping pace with the
sinking shell beside us.

  Then he nodded at Larkin in the doorway. I
dashed out to the passenger’s emergency port, called
the P. F.. aboard ship, arriving just in time to see
two of the crew enter the little chamber. Before the
heavy hatch closed behind them I caught a glimpse
of their gigantic copper extreme-pressure suits.
Then as the steel cut them off from my vision, the
outer hatch was opened and the sea entered the
chamber with a noise like thunder.

  I held my breath while the dauntless two sought
the stanchions of the Bristol’s emergency hatch.

The 352 was worked forward ever so little, but
always sinking, sinking.

ABRUPTLY Captain Judson’s voice yelled into
the communicator, “We’ve got you, we’ve got
you ! Quick! Get your men aboard.”

  There was a faint answering roar of crashing
water, then the whistle of compressed air in our
own chamber. In a moment the inner hatch opened
and a dozen men staggered into view.

  I turned again to the bridge with the intention of
congratulating Captain Judson for his fine work,
but that old sailor was doubled up over his depth
valve key.

  “They’ve got no more pressure,” he muttered half
to himself. “The skipper is alone—had to work the
valves for the others. He’s going to open his hatch

and try to drag himself against that deluge-”

  Suddenly there was a gurgling smash. We looked
up quickly as the elevated bow of the Bristol came
down opposite our windows. The sight seemed to
freeze Judson to immobility, one hand on the depth
valve key, the other on the throttle. While he
watched during that breathless moment, the Bristol
hovered on an even keel and then with a quick lurch,
her bow settled and the long, black hull plunged
downward. At the same moment a claxon sounded
discordantly and I was knocked to the floor by the
instantaneous jump of our ship as Judson opened
wide the throttle. But we were safe from the
dangerous suction and we had saved our man—
snatched him from the jaws of death.

  The nervous tension over, Captain Judson swore
softly at the loss of our lead gangplank which had
been torn from its runners by our sudden forward
lurch for freedom. Except for this slight outbreak,
however, everyone went about his work quietly and
as Larkin took the bridge and began the long,
gradual ascent to our cruising depth, I turned to seek
my stateroom.

  I must have slept heavily, for when my first meal
was finished, I saw the noon shift walking aft
toward the engine room. I hurriedly walked in the
opposite direction, mentally framing an excuse for
my laziness; but when I reached the bridge, there
was not a soul in sight. To say I was puzzled would
hardly describe my sensation, but as I pondered this
peculiar situation, the truth dawned upon me—we
were on the surface. That continuous sheet of
water beating against the glass was our bow spray;
that bright light was the glorious sun.

  I raced for the companionway leading to the after
deck and stumbled up the steps. Larkin, at the
surface gear, looked through his goggles at my
puzzled expression.

  “Had to come up to make up our lost time,” he
explained. “We’re making 130 knots now.”

  Indeed, every appearance supported the truth of
the latter assertion. Although the sea was smooth
and the swell was hardly discernible, the whole
forward portion of our deck was awash in the
stream of foam displaced by our piercing bows. The
wind, whistling through the surface gear, burned
into my eyes and tugged at my clothing. Yes, we
were indeed speeding and I wondered if our artificial
wind was much less than that created by the great
airship which passed over us just then, some 6000
feet in the clouds.

My reflections were cut short, however, bv the
(Continued on page 877)
 CRYSTALS OF GROWTH

Bv Charles H TZector

 . . . . then a shudder passed over his frame and before my eyes he commenced to increase in size . . . here before my eyes, growth was
 taking placc immediately. It was almost unbelievable. . . . He towered over me like a giant. He grew so tall that his head touched the

ceiling. "Try one yourself, Jameson,” he said, "and increase your size.”
CRYSTALS OF GROWTH

875

strange and extraordinary events
lected with our lives have always
i of exceptional interest to me and
i as a boy I was never more con-
ed than when 1 was reading some
good ghost story or examining some so-called
“haunted house.” As I became older, this liking lor
mysterious things developed into a study and inves-
tigation of matters dealing with the psychic and
occult. I have visited many spiritualistic seances
and have given reports concerning them to the public,
through recent letters.

  However, I am not a fanatic on any of these sub-
jects, and devote only a small portion of my time
to these pursuits, for a well established law practice
engages me the major part of the time.

  Among the events which have happened during
my studies of psychic science, there is one which
to me is most vivid; something which has left a very
marked impression upon my mind. I refer to Pro-
fessor Brontley and his theory of rapid growth.
Early last spring I became acquainted with the prom-
inent teacher and writer, James H. Brontley, whose
remarkable achievements in the field of biological
chemistry have won for him a wide-spread and well
deserved prominence. Professor Brontley and 1
became fast friends and I considered myself forr
tunate to have the opportunity of knowing him so
well. We would often sit for hours and converse
upon subjects of common interest.

  One evening 1 sat in my chair musing before the
comfortable fire; I had just finished my dinner and
was resting quietly thinking of the latest accomplish-
ments of my friend Brontley. He had confided to
me a short time previously that he was experiment-
ing upon a subject which, if successfully attained,
would secure not only personal fame for him, but
would be a wonderful benefit to mankind. He had
told me nothing of the nature of the experiment and
I was thinking of this particular thing, wondering
when he would have something definite to say to me
about it. when the door was suddenly opened and
the very person about whom I had been thinking
came into the room and dropped down in a chair
near me. He looked exultant and excited and as
he shook my hand he burst
out:

  “Jameson, I've found it
at last and I have come
to tell you about it.”

  I looked at him in sur-
prise. What did he mean ?

1 grasped him by the arm
and asked, “Do you mean
that your latest experiment
has been successful? You
mean the experiment that
you have been working on for the last six months?”

  “That’s the one. It's the greatest success of my
life and T want you to know about it first. Listen.”
he said as he shoved his chair closer to mine, “and
I will tell you all about it.

  “Growth, as you know, in both the animal anil
vegetable kingdom, is the result of the digestion and
assimilation of the various elements and compounds
which the animal or plant obtains, either through
food and drink or, in the case of plants, through the
absorption of fundamental elements from the soil
through the roots and tissues, or from the air. The

changes which take place are rather complex, and
just at present are not of primary importance to the
subject which I wish to disclose to you.

  “As you are well aware,” he continued, “different
foods affect the body in various ways. Some foods
are more efficient than others; we speak of this rela-
tive digestive value of foods as the 'coefficient of di-
gestibility’ which means, in simple terms, that a larger
percentage of some foods are digested than of others.
Some animals can utilize more fiber than others can,
and some can make better use of the protein than
others. I have some plants under observation in my
laboratory; some of them fed on various kinds of
fertilizers, while others have had no application.
The difference in the growth and sturdiness of the
plants which received fertilizer over those which
did not is most marked. You have often noticed
adjacent fields of corn, one of which looked in all
respects better than the other. This is an example,
on a larger scale, of the very thing which I have
tried out in my laboratory; one field of corn had
more food elements available in the soil than the
other.”

  I nodded in affirmation, too interested to say a
word, and he continued his narrative, his dark, pierc-
ing eyes fastened upon mine.

   | 'HE statements which I have made thus far
X are all perfectly natural facts, obviously true,
if one only takes the opportunity to look about him
in Nature's laboratory, the great outdoors. We take
it as a matter of fact that in youth we grow a few
inches taller and a few pounds heavier each year.
But have you ever stopped to consider why this
growth should be comparatively slow?”

  The enormity of the suggestion almost paralyzed
me. Was the Professor trying to change the order
of the universe? I looked at him sharply. Appar-
ently he read the expression of doubt and wonder in
my face, for he said sharply:

  “I know you wouldn’t believe it, but I have long
maintained that there must be some exceedingly con-
centrated form of food elements—some substance
in which the coefficient of digestibility is nearly per-
fect if not absolutely so. I have long upheld the

belief that there must be
some food in which the
residue or indigestible part
is practically negligible. If
one could find such a sub-
stance, would it not be rea-
sonable to suppose that
he would derive a much
greater benefit from it
than from ordinary food?

  “I have been experi-
menting upon this subject
for a longtime and at last I have found it—a perfect
food which has the power of increasing one’s height
and weight almost instantly. No doubt you find it
difficult to believe, but I can prove my statements;
I want you to come to my laboratory with me and
witness a demonstration which will convince you
that T am no prevaricator.”

  I naturally agreed to accompany the Professor to
his rooms, for my curiosity had been aroused.

  As we passed down one street after another, I
found it difficult to keep up a conversation. After
some monosyllabic answers, I realized that mv coin-

 TI/" ! I AT makes giants, anil what makes dwarfs!'
 r' Scientists of today arc unanimous in the opinion
 that these conditions arc created by the thyroid gland.
 If it were possible to systematically stimulate these
 glands, there is no Question but that a racc of giants could
 be produced. It is not at all impossible from a biological
 standpoint, and from experience gained in the laboratory,
 we know that it ran be accomplished. In “Crystals of
 Growth," the author spins an excellent tale.
876

AMAZING STORIES

panion was engrossed in his own thoughts, so I
walked along quietly beside him, meanwhile wonder-
ing what surprises the evening had in store for me.

  At last we halted before his home. Professor
Brontley motioned to me to follow him and in a
moment we were ascending the stairs which led, as
I assumed, to his laboratory above. I had never
been in his laboratory before and consequently I
was exceedingly anxious to see the place where all
of his wonderful discoveries had been made. As
chummy as we were, I had never had the oppor-
tunity of seeing the interior of this place, probably
because of his desire for secrecy in regard to the
progress of certain tests which he was making. At
any rate, I knew that it was an important experiment
that would cause him to invite me inside of his
work-shop.

  Finally we reached the third story of the house,
and stopped for a moment before a door which was
securely locked. Evidently the Professor was tak-
ing precautions against unexpected visitors to this
particular room while he was away. He drew a
string of keys from his pocket and after unlocking
the door he pushed a button in the wall and the
place was flooded with light. I followed him into
the room and looked around.

  It was an ordinary chemical laboratory, such as
I had seen many times before, containing various
sorts of apparatus which one usually finds in a place
of that kind. The shelves along the side were
filled with bottles of different colored liquids and a
long table in the middle of the room was covered
with racks of test-tubes, Bunsen burners, beakers,
retorts, flasks and other laboratory materials. My
friend told me to seat myself and observe closely
everything that he did.

1WILL attempt to narrate as accurately as pos-
sible everything which took place in the labora-
tory that night. After putting on a rubber apron,
my friend placed a pair of ordinary motor goggles
over his eyes. He then took a large flask from die
shelf, examined it closely and placed it on a tripod.
Following this act, he removed from a rack before
him, five different colored liquids. From each of
these he measured an equal portion, and poured it
into the large flask upon the tripod.

  “These five liquids represent a preparation of the
five most essential substances in our food,” he ex-
plained; he added nothing further and I did not
press him for additional details.

  The next thing he did was to light the gas be-
neath the tripod and standing a short distance away,
he watched with suspense the mixture within the
flask. For a short time there was no apparent
change, and then as the contents became warmer,
there was a hissing sound accompanied presently bv
a crackling and snapping not unlike the snapping of
a wood fire. The mixture was now boiling. A
light curl of fumes issued from the neck of the
flask and there was a slightly pungent, but not un-
pleasant odor noticeable in the room. The Professor
allowed it to boil for possibly two minutes and then
turned off the gas. He stirred it slowly and then
dipped a piece of blue litmus paper into the flask;
the paper turned red, showing that there was an
acid reaction.

  “Now for the last step,” announced my friend,
and added a few drops of a light blue substance

from a bottle near by. There was a sharp report
like a pistol shot and a shower of yellowish-brown
crystals fell upon a tray beneath the tripod. My
friend carefully collected these crystals and then
turning to me he stated in an elated tone:

  “It is finished as I had planned, and upon these
crystals in my hand depends the success of my ex-
periment. You have witnessed a test of synthetic
or artificial digestion; these crystals are the most
concentrated and efficient food substance known, to
promote growth. Watch me and notice their
power.”

  The experience was too uncanny for description.
I felt terror stricken as I watched him, and had an
almost uncontrollable impulse to shout for the sheer
relief of my overtaxed nerves, but by a supreme
effort of will I resisted the inclination.

  He placed two of the crystals in his mouth and
swallowed them.

  For perhaps five or six seconds no change w'as
apparent; then a shudder passed over his frame
and before my very eyes he commenced to increase
in size. You have probably been away from home
for some time and upon your return noticed the
increased stature of some young friends. You re-
marked how much they had grown while you were
away. But here before my naked eyes, growth was
taking place immediately. It was almost unbeliev-
able.

  He soon towered over me like a giant. He grew
so tall, that his head touched the ceiling. He began
to walk toward a chair and sat down. Suddenly fie
stopped growing.

  “My height” he said, “is now about twelve feet,
a little more than double my former height. If I
had wished to become still taller I could have done
so by taking more of the crystals. Think what a
relief these crystals will be to mankind. No inore
under-developed children! no more short men and
short women. Tomorrow I shall show the world
that I am a living proof of the existence of a super-
food, the crystals of growth. Try one yourself,
Jameson, and increase your size.”

  Thus speaking, he offered one of the crystals to
me. I was tempted to laugh at the preposterous
suggestion and then T looked at his face and realized
how serious the Professor was. I was horrified and
knew that with my friend in his present state of
super-elation at the result of his experiment—there
was an expression of mad fanaticism upon his face
—the situation demanded tact of the most delicate
nature, if unpleasant and possibly fatal consequences
were to be avoided. So I decided to humor him.

  “Why, Brontley,” I evaded. “I don’t need any of
your growth crystals. I’m tall enough to suit me,
and besides I know that they will do all that you
claim for them, so what’s the use?”

  In a second I realized that he was furiously angry
at my refusal to take the crystals. He came towards
me and seized me by the shoulders. “You little
shrimp” he sneered, “I’ll show you whether you
need them or not.” and he began to shake me. 1
strove to ward off his hold upon me, but it was use-
less. I was like a child in his grasp and it seemed as
though he would shake my head loose from my
shoulders. My brain reeled, the objects in the room
were becoming dim and seemed to be swimming
around me. I seemed to be losing consciousness;
CRYSTALS OF GROWTH

877

there were voices, indistinct and mumbling in my
ears, and then . . .

  “What’s the matter, old man?” I found myself
on the floor in my room, and looking up I saw the
face of my pal, Jack Hudson, gazing down at me
in perplexity. ‘‘I've been trying to wake you up for
the last three or four minutes,” he declared. “Hurry
up or we'll be late for the show,” he added, and then,
“What’s the matter? Did you see a ghost?”

  When I had related my experience to my friend,
he slapped me on the shoulder and told me that
hereafter 1 had better cut out rich pastry at night.

  My friends claim that it was only a dream, but I
know that there was a peculiar odor on my clothes,

such as one associates with chemical laboratories;
that my friend Professor Brontley disappeared on
the same evening, on which I had my peculiar ex-
perience and that he has not been found since; and
furthermore, an examination of his laboratory after
his disappearance, showed it to be exactly similar to
the one in which I had my memorable adventure.
The articles in the laboratory were in a state of con-
fusion—bottles opened and broken, chairs over-
turned and the room in general in a state of extreme
disorder. The opinion of the majority of those
who examined the laboratory was that a violent
combat of some nature had taken place. But, the
crystals of growth were nowhere in evidence.

  THE END

THE UNDERSEA EXPRESS

 By J. Rodman

   (Concluded from page 873)

appearance of a blue haze in the distance. Land!
It became more distinct with each passing second.
But just as I was beginning to watch for land-
marks on the distant cliffs, the word was given to
go below. There I watched Larkin dive our ship into
the depths and lay a course for the Channel. Lights
soon began to appear—red, green and white, some
flashing, others unblinking, continuous—forming a
pattern so complex and confusing that I wondered
how a human being could guide us through the
maze.

  True to form, old Judson strode in to watch, with
narrowed eyes, the actions of his protege among the
lights.

  “The red lights are shoals and rocks,” he ex-
plained for my benefit. “The first one we passed was
Wolfe Rock. Yes, the white lights indicate a city,
though there are exceptions to the rule. That’s the
Falmouth Light directly opposite. There’s no subma-
rine channel in Falmouth; subs have to enter the har-
bor on the surface. That double white light off in the
distance is the entrance to the Plymouth Channel.”

  I became intensely interested in this submerged
galaxy and the time passed so quickly that it seemed
but a moment before we had rounded the green
and white blinkers of Ramsgate and begun to bear
down on the steady glow of the Chatham Beacon.
We slowed down for the entrance of the Chatham
Channel, but once within its confines, Larkin kept
the speed indicator hovering around 35 knots. We
glided swiftly past the submerged docks of Chatham
and soon approached the brilliantly lighted passages
beneath London. When we reduced our speed again
I caught sight of the unmistakable lamps of the Ex-
press Company Landing, and as Larkin eased us into
our berth and the bumper side-clips snapped shut, I
knew the journey was ended.

  I said good-bye to Larkin and his chief in the
passenger elevator, so that upon reaching the street
level, I immediately stepped out upon the crowded
thoroughfare. A clock on Picadilly registered four
o’clock less three minutes and I knew then that
Captain Judson had saved the $50,000.00 guarantee
and the crew of the Bristol as well.

 THE END

READERS’ VOTE OF PREFERENCE

     Stories I Like	Remarks

(1) ........................................................:...............................................................
(2) ........................................................................................................................
(3) .......................................................................................................................

    Stories I Do Not Like:	Why:

(1) .......................................................................................................................
(2) ...................................:......................................................................................

Do you want the questionnaire to continue?...................................................

Do you like the illustrations as we have them now?..................................

Do you favor more illustrations than we have now?..................................

Would you rather have no illustrations at all?............................................

                              Name

This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing what stories you . ,,

like can we please you. Fill out this coupon or copy it and AuCireSS ............................

mail to AMAZING STORIES, 230 Filth Avenue, New York f-Ih,

City.	.......................................
cp RIOT AT SANDERAC

   bj) Mites J Brener, M D •

          Author of “The Man with the Strange Head” and “The Stone Cat”

 And there was that maniac Russian over there,
 ready to spring upon me. He glared at me with
 lips curled back from gritted teeth. I seethed
 with rage against both of them ... I stood up
 and stole toward Grant, my fingers clutching
 spasmodically to get hold of his throat.
THE RIOT AT SAXDERAC

871)

courts have started their slow, blun-
ing grind at Sanderac.
nrst there came the newspaper head-
:s, screaming the shocking news over
country. The next day the columns
went into details concerning the unaccountable out-
break of rioting in the little mining city. Nearly two
hundred dead, buildings burned, property destroyed,
and no one knew the cause. The nation stood
aghast, because the perpetrators of the ferocious
massacre were those who had until then been solid
and respectable citizens.

  I happened to have been there when it occurred.
I told my story. I was scoffed at and received no
attention. The courts continue to grope ineffectually
about in circles. How futile they seem!

  The town is built about the mine head. Its popu-
lation is about half American, half foreign labor.
Among the latter is a colony of Russian refugees,
largely Marxian Communists, or as we know them,
Soviet Bolsheviks. Their meetings were watched by
the police, and some vague, ridiculous rumors started
that they planned organizing a Soviet right there on
Lake Superior. But no one took it seriously. On
the whole, the Bolsheviks lived harmoniously with
the five thousand Americans. Even the refugees be-
longing to the Russian aristocracy and intelligentsia
got along very well with the Reds. Such is the level-
ing influence of Americanism.

  I was visiting an engineer friend of mine at San-
derac. This was my first visit to Grant since our
college days at the “Boston Tech.” He had gone
straight*to the mine job, while I had a government
position which took me all over the country. I still
remembered Grant as a fellow of uncanny ingenuity
as well as ridiculous ab-
sent-mindedness. He was
overjoyed to see me, made
me put up at his home, and
took me all over the town
—the town which has now
become so famous.

  “I have often won-
dered,” I said to him at
dinner, “why as brilliant a
man as you are, is willing
to bury himself here out
of sight. I looked forward
to your accomplishing
some sensational thing in
the world.”

  “Well, you may not be
so far wrong at that,”

Grant said with a smile
that seemed to indicate he
wasn’t telling everything.

“This is an ideal position
for me: not much work,
lots of leisure, plenty of
money. I’m working on
things of my own, you
see!”

  I knew then that he had
some sensational plan worked out. From that
moment on, I gave him no rest until he had started
out to tell me about it. I hurried myself and him
through the rest of the meal. Grant took me out to
a concrete shack near his building at the mine works.

  It was heavily locked. Within was a workshop.

From the looks of the tools and the small parts, it
was evident that he was working on some delicate
electrical stuff. A smooth-shaven, sad-looking man
of about fifty, bent over a bench, was working on
some things strung full of green-insulated wires.

  “This is Sergei, my assistant,” Grant said, intro-
ducing me. Sergei’s face showed refinement and
intelligence. His courtesy was of the European type,
which Americans so admire but cannot imitate. He
moved away to turn on more lights.

  “Queer fellow,” Grant said in an undertone. “He
won’t even associate with the other Russians. Used
to be a musician. The Bolsheviks killed all his
family.”

  For a moment I was more interested in the Rus-
sian than in the machine, but he was now bent over
a table, studying a blue-print and putting pieces to-
gether. There was a sort of hopeless droop about
him; yet he worked swiftly and with marvelous skill.

  “Here we are!” explained Grant. “This is what
I’ve spent the last ten years on.”

  “What's it supposed to be?" I inquired. “It doesn't
suggest a thing to my mind.”

  There was a semi-circular keyboard, like those 011
large pipe-organs. The rest of it was built up into
a sort of a cabinet, with bulbs, instead of organ-
pipes. It was something like an exaggerated and
caricatured radio sending set. There were scores of
the bulbs, globular, pear-shaped, gourd-like, fiask-
shaped, and of all sizes from that of an egg to one
as big as a pumpkin. Grant moved a switch. The
complex array of bulbs filled with a pale white glow.

  “They look as though they might be electron-
tubes,” I remarked. “Is it some form of musical
instrument ?”

  "No. Not exactly. Sit
down." Grant was elated.

  So, while I found a
chair, he took his place on
the bench in front of the
organ thing. He ran his
fingers around over the
keys. I stared at him in
surprise. Not a sound
came from the instrument.
Was it some effect of light
or color that I should look
for? I looked closely, but
the bulbs glowed quite un-
changed. Was he out of
his mind? Not knowing
what else to do, I sat and
waited patiently.

  I sat bowed forward
with my chin leaned on
my hand and my elbows
on my knees. Grant’s
movements at the silent
machine became monot-
onous and depressing. The
dingy, concrete walls were
unutterably gray. The
gloomy interior of the
shack made me think of some graveyard of human
desires. Even the futile wires sprawled all about, gave
a mournful impression. I grew so lonesome and dis-
couraged that I could feel the muscles of my face
droop and sag. Grant, failure of a fellow that he was,
seemed somehow ragged and dismal as he lugubri-

 A/1 USIC, we are laid, charms individuals, nol only
 1V1 hitmans. If you have ever seen a Hindu charm
 a snake by means of his flute, you zvill understand what
 we mean. But not all music charms; some music dis-
 tinctly urates on our nerves. There arc certain pieces
 of music, certain sounds, that arouse savage instincts in
 most of us. as is well known. If vou ever listened to a
 cats' concert on the fence, you will understand -what we
 mean, too. But there is music, there are sounds which are
 n0 longer heard by the ear, as such. Where the vibra-
 tions go beyond some 25 thousand per second, the ear
 no longer perceives them as sounds, yet the sounds arc
 there, quite loud, as a matter of fact. Recently, for
 instance. Mr. Hugo Ccrnsback, Editor of this publica-
 tion, performed certain experiments at station IVRNY,
 where the audibility of the audience was tested, by means
 of an audio frequency oscillator. The particular oscil-
 lator used produced audible vibrations from a frequency
 of 100 up to over 30,000 cycles per second. It was found
 that beyond 15,000 vibrations per second, most people
 could hear nothing. It was interesting, howez’cr, that
 a number of listeners reported strange effects noted on
 various animals. Some dogs and canaries seemed to be
 able to hear; so, while the loud speaker was silent to
 human beings, it was noisy enough to disturb certain
 animals.

   A similar theme is used in the present story, which
 not only contains excellent science, but is an exceptional
 scicntifiction story as well.
880

AMAZING STORIES

ously pawed the keys. I watched the heavy smoke
drag across the. square of leaden sky visible through
:he window, in the same way that my useless soul was
drifting across a colorless and dreary world. The
only place for me was at home with my mother; my
mother of the white apron and sunny hair, who made
gingersnaps for me. But my mother was dead.

  Grant stopped his activity at the keys and turned
around. He looked at me intently for a long time.
Then he turned around and started playing again on
that dumb, futile keyboard.

  He danced around on his seat like a clown; like
a travesty of Paderewski. He crooked his fingers in-
to claws and brought them down wildly on the keys,
and then ran them through his ruffled hair. His
knees worked comically up and down as he manipu-
lated some sort of pedals. He looked so silly that
I was forced to smile. Then I leaned back and
laughed. I laughed at him, and at the funny little
zig-zag wires on the bench near me, like wiggling
rat’s tails, and at the comical shapes assumed by the
wisps of smoke outside the foolish little window.
The back of Sergei bent over his work was like a
hump on the back of some droll camel; it made me
laugh till I rocked. The whole adventure up on the
mountainside with a coal-mine below and a cracked
inventor pounding on an organ that wouldn’t work,
was all so inexpressibly funny that 1 laughed till I
was hoarse.

GRANT was sitting motionless again, gazing
fixedly at me. As my laughing died down, he
turned again to the keys.

  He played slowly, if I could call it playing, since
I heard nothiiig. The crazy fellow, trying to de-
ceive me that way! I grew impatient at him*. Did
he think 1 was a fool ? I had a strong notion to tell
him what I thought of him and his abortive inven-
tion. His slowness was irritating. I knew he was
doing it to tantalize me. I felt like giving him a shove
and knocking him off the seat—and kicking him into
a corner. My fists clenched and my biceps tightened.
Why had he brought me into this barred and locked
stone cell, full of poisons and dangerous currents?
And there was that maniac Russian over there,
ready to spring upon me and kill me unawares! The
coward! I looked at him. He straightened up and
glared at me with lips curled back from gritted teeth.
I seethed with rage against both of them. I’ve got
to get them both out of my way before I can escape.
Grant first. I stood up and stole toward him, my
fingers clutching spasmodically to get hold of his
throat. I wanted to maul him, to break his bones-

  He whirled around and saw me. His hand shot
out and moved a switch. The glow in the bulbs died
out. A sudden limpness went through me; my knees
went weak and I collapsed on the floor. Now every-
thing was peace. I was myself again, wondering
what had been happening tp me.

  Slowly it dawned on me that Grant’s “playing”
must have had something to do with these storms
of emotion.

  1 sat up. Sergei was sitting in a chair, pale and
clutching a bench.

  “That last effect was foolish of me,” Grant was
saying. “You might have beaten me up before I
realized what was happening. My own fault.”

  I stood up, feeling much better physically. Grant
was again the same old good-natured, absent-minded

scientific child. Sergei also walked away in deferent
silence, lie didn't look fierce at all, only humble
and quiet, and very much a gentleman. Think of it,
a concert musician now at a menial job. And a wife
and two girls murdered by Bolsheviks!

  “Narrow escape, I had,” Grant laughed again, as
I stared around, unable to find words. “And poor
old Sergei was on his way out to clean up his Bol-
shevik neighbors!”

  “What’s this?” I finally demanded. “What’s
been happening to me ?”

  "You will admit that it affected you powerfully?"
Grant smiled.

  “I’ll say it did! It nearly drove me crazy. What
is it? How is it done? Tell me quick, or I’ll get
you yet!"

  “When I explain,” Grant warned, “you will be
disappointed at the simplicity of it.”

  “I’m waiting to be.”

  "You know well,” he began, “that emotions are
purely physical states, produced by the activity of
the ductless or endocrine glands. Stimulation of the
suprarenal produces rage; that of the thyroid, fear
and anxiety; that of the gonads, love, and so forth.
Warm up the gland, increase the amount of its secre-
tion, and the emotion follows. By mixtures and
combinations, an endless chain of emotions may be
produced. That is well established knowledge.”

  “Old stuff!” I agreed.

  “The next step is, that the operation of the body
cells is merely a matter of the exchange of electrical
charges. Secretion, nerve action, muscle contraction,
all you do, is merely a movement of electrons from
here to there.”

  “Nothing new or startling about that so far,” I
commented.

  “The rest isn't so old. I figured that instead of
waiting till the exchange of electrons in the body
takes place by chance impulse and accidental com-
binations of perceptive stimulation, I would make
them for you at will, by shooting electrons at you
out of my vacuum tubes. The numbers, velocities,
and quantity-rates of discharge of negative electrons,
and various ,varieties of positive ions, determine
whether it is your suprarenal or your pituitary that
is warmed up. Your body obeys; can’t help itself.”
“It is simple,” I admitted. “But it is uncanny. I
certainly felt real emotions.”

  “They were real emotions. And I had a real one,
too. when I saw you coming—I was scared!”

  T sat down to think over the astounding thing.
He had sat up there and played on keys, and made
me feel as I did. And since feeling controls action
—that man had an instrument that could make people
do anything. He had the world at his beck.

  “You just got here in time,” he was saying in a
most matter-of-fact voice. “We were abbut to begin
taking the machine apart and moving it to a theater.
I want to give a public performance.”

  Tn fact, Sergei was already taking out the electron
tubes and packing them in cotton-lined cartons.

  “I'd like to see that,” I said eagerly, my mind full
of interesting possibilities. “When does it come
off?”

  “By all means come. That will be an excuse for
you to remain with me for a few days. I am plan-
ning the show for next Friday. Sergei can almost
handle the moving alone, so you and I can have lots
of time together, for my work at the mine is light.”
THE RIOT AT SANDERAC

881

GRANT’S advertising for his public perform-
ance was very modest. I was afraid that he
would not have much of an audience. He announced
in the newspaper and on billboards that he had a
scientific discovery for influencing emotions in a new
way, without the medium of pictures, music, words,
or other common means; something different. He
told me that he did not care to have a big crowd for
the first performance!

  But the house was packed full. Grant’s towns-
people apparently knew him, and expected something
worth while. The buzz of excitement through the
theater swelled and waned in rhythmic waves as the
people sat and looked at the organ keys and the
assortment of odd-shaped bulbs. The theater was
full; people continued to crowd in, and there were
more people outside. And still Grant had not arrived.

  He had tested out the machine in the afternoon
and had waited eagerly for the evening. Then, at
7:30 P. M., he had been called to the power-house
at the mine, where a safety-valve of a loaded boiler
had jammed. Now it was 8:15, and the densely
packed audience shuffled impatiently and broke out
into occasional bursts of clapping to encourage them-
selves.

  At 8:23 a messenger arrived from Grant with a
note. Sergei, who had been hovering anxiously
about the machine, took it, glanced at it, and handed
it to me. The note was addressed to me.

  “Bad job here,” it read. “I don’t know whom else
to ask, and therefore I should like to have you get up
and explain to the audience what the situation is.
Tell them that I shall be back in an hour. They
may go out, and return in an hour if they wish.
Grant.”

  Facing an audience has always been unpleasant to
me, even for such a trifling matter as this.- It took
me some minutes to screw up my courage, but even-
tually I was in front of them.

  The people looked queer. Their eyes were big
and glaring. They sat up rigid. Everyone’s teeth
showed in an ugly snarl. Here were the town’s best
people, business and professional men whom I had
previously met; well dressed women; as good a
group as one could see in any city. But now they
looked like some savage beasts.

  Then, suddenly I understood. A glance backward
had shown me Sergei seated at the keys, his body
swaying, his fingers busy, every inch a musician. I
gave one more terrified glance at the audience. Peo-
ples’ arms jerked convulsively. One by one they
were leaping fiercely to their feet and surging for-

ward. I was desperately afraid for my own safety,
and I turned and fled across the stage and out of the
rear door.

  I ran—something I was not accustomed to do. I
puffed and my head throbbed. 1 ran for the power-
house where Grant was working on the jammed
safety valve. An overloaded boiler was less danger-
ous than this fiercely aroused audience. The uproar
of shouting and trampling behind me, lent speed to
my clumsy progress.

  I began to feel relieved when I saw the boiler-
house in front of me. Why I do not know, for what
could Grant do? Then, the boiler house acted
queerly. It bulged outwards. The tall chimney stack
bent in the middle like a knee, and seemed to hang
that way for an interminably long time. There was
a great spout of steam, and a terrible boom that rev-
erberated and roared for several minutes. Before
me was a vast cloud of steam, out of which black
objects flew high in all directions. Some of them
seemed to be men.

  I stopped. Behind me the clamor of shouting
and trampling was increasing. I looked back and
saw flames shooting high in the air from the theater
building. A mob of infuriated people was running,
surging, pouring through the streets, brandishing
things. Terror possessed me. Which way should I
run?

  However, I soon noted that they were not after
me. They turned and flowed to my left, toward the
mountainside. I stared at them, amazed, for a
while. In the mean time, shots and screams and
hideous thuds came from the section on the mountain
slope where the Russian miners lived. Flames shot
up here and there. The attack had fallen on the
Bolshevik quarter, which was being swiftly wiped
out.

  For a moment I stood frozen in my tracks. Then
I dragged myself to the garage where I kept my car.
I dashed out of that place in the twilight, without
a hat, without my baggage—without my mind, al-
most.

  Now, the courts are foolishly, blunderingly gro-
ping around, trying to fix the blame. They have
scores of citizens in prison—perfectly innocent citi-
zens. I tried to tell them of Grant’s instrument, and
of Sergei who was a’musician and whose wife and
daughters were horribly murdered by Bolsheviks.
But I was only told that I had not been called as a
witness, and if my testimony was required, I would
be notified.

 THE END

WANTED

The publishers need a quantity of back numbers of Amazing Stories for April,
May, June and July, 1926, and April and June, 1927.

If you have copies of these issues, please communicate with the circulation
department. Thank you.

                                  THE PUBLISHERS.
BELOW THE INFRA RED

ijj Cjeorge Paul Batter

At the very center of the two opposed forces two gigantic figures were swaying in the terrible embrace of death; one white and one
black. . . . Chest to chest they stood; the brilliantly blue orbs of Eloli burning into the black, redly flaming eyes of the hideous,
bestial-faced black ruler; their terrible wills in inconceivably intense action. It seemed like a decisive conflict between the forces of

                                        light and darkness, good and evil, angel and demon-
BELOW THE INFRA RED

883

/ERYTHING material is visible!” I
stated flatly.

  “Pardon me for disagreeing with
you!” boomed a deep sonorous voice
behind me.

  I swung around in astonishment and with a touch
of asperity, to stare into a pair of humorous, wide-
set and large, blue eyes, behind gold-rimmed spec-
tacles.

  The owner of the eyes nodded pleasantly, and
smiled in a quiet friendly way that immediately at-
tracted me to him.

  “I can prove my assertion in a way that will con-
vince you!” he continued with quiet assurance, but
without the least touch of dogmatism.

IN this manner I became acquainted with Profes-
sor Carl Winter, Ph.D. It happened in Doran’s
book store; and Doran himself, with whom I had
been conversing, introduced us.

  Quite a conversation ensued between the professor
and me. And when at last we parted I had promised,
at his urgent request, to visit him at my earliest con-
venience, little dreaming of the strange amazing ad-
venture that my promise would lead to.

  It was about two weeks before I was able to keep
my promise. Professor Winter lived on the out-
skirts of town, in an old-fashioned brick residence
of two stories, surrounded by an extensive garden,
and shaded by a great number of magnificent oak
and chestnut trees.

  An old man-servant, whose name—as I later
learned—was Carl Summer, admitted me. He was
cook and general factotum to the scientist, who was
a widower and childless. The queer coincidence of
their similar given names, and the diametrically
opposite meaning of their surnames made me smile
when I came to think of it.

  I found the professor in his very completely
equipped laboratory, examining something in a large
test tube.

  “Come in, come in, Mister Barton!” he cried
cheerfully, “I am certainly glad to see you, I am
sure,” he added as we shook hands.

  Having taken the comfortable chair at the table
that he indicated, I leaned
back and gazed at my host.

  He was a large man,
well over six feet tall, and
built in proportion. His
brilliant blue eyes were in-
dicative of the scientist:
searching, penetrating and
analytical. 11 is broad
high brow, bulging at the
temples, denoted not only
the student and thinker,
but also the idealist and
dreamer. His straight nose, strong mouth and firm
jaw proclaimed him a man of energy and deter-
mination. However, the face as a whole was ex-
pressive of kindness, sympathy and warm humanity.

  In spite of his age, which was somewhere between
fifty and sixty, his hair was still blond, except for
a tinge of gray at the temples.

  He pointed to a large open volume written by an
eminent authority on physics, which lay at my el-
bow on the table, and his voice was vibrant with
energy as he spoke;

  “Referring back to the conversation we had the
other day at Doran’s, I wish that you would kindly
read the article I have marked, while I, with your
permission, am completing this test.”

  When I nodded aquiescence, he added:

  “I am quite certain that the article will serve to
elucidate some of the points I advanced during our
conversation at that time.”

  I smiled. “I certainly do need a great deal of
light on certain things, and I am always willing to
learn.”

  “I congratulate you upon your attitude,” he said
cordially.

  I adjusted the book in question upon my knees,
and read the following interesting postulate:

  “While vibration ceases to affect our senses at

40.000	vibrations per second as sound, we find our-
selves conscious again of periodic motion when it
reaches 398 trillion times per second; then we hear
with our eyes, or see with our ears, whichever you
choose. The sensation is in all cases the effect of
motion.

  “There is much food for thought, or speculation
in the thought that there exist sound-waves that no
ear can hear, and color-waves that no eye can see.
The (to us) long, dark, soundless space between

40.000	and 398 trillions, and the infinity of range
beyond 764 trillions, where light ceases in the uni-
verse of motion, makes it possible to indulge in the
speculation that there may be beings who live in

DIFFERENT PLANES FROM OURSELVES, AND WHO ARE
ENDOWED WITH SENSE-ORGANS LIKE OUR OWN, ONLY
THEY ARE TUNED TO HEAR AND SEE IN A DIFFERENT
SPHERE OF MOTION.”

1 STOPPED reading and put the book down
thoughtfully. “Very interesting!” I commented.
“But what is the idea?”

  The professor turned and gazed at me quizzically.
“Did you note the part printed in capitals?” he
questioned.

  I nodded. “Yes; in fact I read that part of the
sentence twice.”

  “Well, what do you think of that?”

  I shook my head dubiously. “I am inclined to
think that the eminent
scientist’s imagination ran
away with him.”

  Professor Winter smiled
in a peculiar manner, and
his eyes shone brilliantly
through his spectacles.
“Ah! So you think that
there is no possibility of
an invisible world around
us ?”

  “W-e-e-1—I would not
say impossible, because the
progress of modern science seems to demonstrate
that we can hardly presume to draw the line between
the possible and the impossible, but at least I would
consider the matter highly improbable, and alto-
gether inconceivable.”

  For a few minutes the professor silently busied
himself with his chemical apparatus. Then he
turned to me again, and there was an intense feel-
ing in his manner and voice when he spoke:

  “My dear fellow; what would you say if I were
to tell you that I am upon the point of making the

 IT ERE is a different sort of story, one that we iit-
 stinclively knoiv the larger proportion of our read-
 ers will accept enthusiastically. The old idea that there
 arc other planes upon which beings exist has been ex-
 ploited by many authors, but it comes to the front again
 in a totally different manner this time. The story is
 brimful of adventiire and exciting interest combined with
 excellent science and will hold you spellbound to the end.
 Incidentally, the vibration theory put forth in this story
 is quite good, besides being plausible as well.
884

AMAZING STORIES

seemingly impossible a reality; if I were to tell you
that I am about to perfect a machine which will en-
able me to penetrate into that world of vibration
and matter that I feel certain exists below the plane
of the infra-red?”

  I laughed amusedly. “If you were to tell me that,
I would no doubt conclude that you were joking.”
He smiled gravely and nodded. “I would hardly
blame you.”

  Then he seated himself in a chair close by and
leaned toward me as he continued: “nevertheless,
such are the facts! My experiments are nearly fin-
ished. and I am about to step into that unknown
world! Furthermore, I would like to have a skeptic
like yourself share the experience with me.”

  I stared at him aghast. I could not believe that
I had heard aright. Finally I burst out with: “Man
alive! Do you mean that you are in earnest ? And
that you have actually and scientifically discovered
a way to see, hear and otherwise sense the invisible
and intangible?”

  He nodded quietly. “Yes; I mean just that—
wait!” He raised his hand as I was about to remon-
strate again. He pointed to the still open book
which I had placed upon the table, and continued:
“As you have read in that book, the highest speed
of vibration which the auditory apparatus of man
is capable of registering is forty thousand vibrations
per second. Above that the ear is incapable of hear-
ing anything. Why ? Because the vibrations become
too rapid to affect the tympanum and chain of bones
of the middle ear. In other words, they cease to be
sound as far as the human ear is concerned.

  “Now, it is a well-known fact that some animals
can hear sounds plainly which the finest attuned
human ear is unable to register. What does that
prove? It evidently proves a finer adjustment or
attunement, as you will.

  “But at the other, the higher end of the scale,
we find that the lowest vibrations of light, which the
human visual apparatus is able to perceive, is the
color of red, the deepest shade of it, that vibrates
at the rate of 398 trillions per second. Below that
the eye is unable to distinguish motion of any kind.

  “You must admit that the space between forty
thousand and 398 trillions is tremendous, incon-
ceivable. Can you really believe that this great space
in nature is without motion or vibration of any sort ?
Does it appear reasonable or logical to you that there
should be such a waste in creation ?

  “Nature abhors a vacuum. You know that as
well as I do. As far as science has been able to
determine, there is something everywhere. There
is no emptiness anywhere in the universe.

  “So now, with these facts in mind, I want you
to listen carefully to what we are going to do, you
and I.”

  For several minutes, while I gazed at him in fasci-
nation, he sat there in deep thought. At last he
resumed :

  “ Taking all these facts into consideration. T, quite
a while ago, conceived the idea that, if it were pos-
sible to raise or increase the sensitiveness of the
human auditory apparatus sufficiently, then the
field of audible vibrations could be vastly extended.

  “At the extreme other end. on the plane of color
vibrations, I conceived, in a similar manner, that if
it were possible to attune the visual organs to re-
spond to a longer wave-length, then the vibrations

below the infra-red could be perceived, and naturally
also the things belonging to that plane.

  “Consequently, I began to experiment until my
idea assumed concrete form; and I conceived an
apparatus, part electrical and part chemical, by
means of which both the auditory and occular organs
of man could be caused to vibrate artificially in such
manner as to become sensitive to the required wave-
length.

  “After many experiments and much expenditure
of patience, energy and money, I finally attained the
right results. My machine is about completed now,
and I shall soon have the pleasure of inviting you
to share with me the most original adventure that
could be imagined.”

HE sprang excitedly to his feet. “I know that
such an invisible world exists!” he cried with
Hashing eyes. “I feel it—my intuition tells me so.
And, by heaven!—I am going to prove it!” he fin-
ished with a vehement gesture.

  I sat there as if in a trance. A great fantastic
world of possibilities had opened up before me. The
logical manner in which Professor Winter had
ranged fact on fact had broken down the barrier of
prejudice and skepticism in my mind to such an ex-
tent that I almost admitted to myself the possibility
—absurd and fantastic as it seemed—of the scien-
tist’s scheme.

  Could such a thing be really possible ? Could the
organs of sight and hearing be really attuned in
such a way as to make visible and audible a hereto-
fore unknown world in the universe of matter? The
idea fascinated me gradually, to such an extent that
it was with a distinct effort that I aroused myself.

  I recovered to find my host regarding me with a
humorous twinkle in his eyes. “I see that the skeptic
is not quite so sure of his ground,” he commented.

  I laughed. “I admit that your logic is very con-
vincing and plausible. But just the same ‘I’m from
Missouri’ and you will have to ‘show me.’ ”

  He nodded energetically. “And you shall be
shown, I assure you, just as soon as my machine is
completed.”

IT was about ten days later, in the early part of
the morning; the telephone bell rang, it seemed
to me, a bit violently. Professor Winter was at the
other end of the wire, and I noticed subdued excite-
ment and tension in his voice when he spoke.

  “Can you come at once?” he inquired.

  “I think I can. Is it important?”

  His laugh, a trifle strained, came to me. “Im-
portant! Well, rather : and you had better come
prepared to stay all day and the night, too, I think.”

  When I hung up the instrument a sudden excite-
ment took possession of me, and my hands trembled
as I packed my things into a bag. I knew that the
great adventure was just ahead.

  Again Summer admitted me when I arrived at
the professor’s house, but this time I noticed that
his face wore a very troubled expression. Without
a word he took my bag and led the way.

  I found the professor in his laboratory, pacing
up and down. His face lighted up when I entered.

  <‘Ah! Mister Barton; you have really come—I was
a little afraid that you might change vour mind.”

  I laughed a little nervously. “Well, to tell the
truth, professor, I did have half a notion to excuse
BELOW THE INFRA RED

885

myself. But—my curiosity got the better of me,
and here I am.”

  He smiled. “I would have been very disappointed
if you had not come.”

  I gazed searchingly about the laboratory. “Do
you mean to say that you are really ready to try
the experiment now? And that you are ready to
enter into the mysteries of the hypothetical world
below the vibrations of the infra-red?”

  He nodded gravely and turned toward the library
with a brief: “Please come this way!”

  Now that things were really coming to a climax
I felt very much like the little boy in the ante-room
of the dentist when he is about to have a tooth
pulled. However, 1 followed my host into the spa-
cious library adjoining the laboratory, and saw a
strange sight.

  In the very center of the great room, the window
shades of which were closed, two large armchairs
were standing side by side, almost touching each
other. At the outer side of each chair was placed
a strong table of oak and steel, covered with a mass
of shining apparatus.

  The most conspicuous thing on each of the tables
was a heavy hollow base of burnished steel about
two and one-half feet long, two feet wide, and one
foot or thereabouts high.

  The polished steel base was bolted to the heavy
oaken planks of the table top, and was surmounted
by a strong steel frame in the form of a lateral cross,
supported by four steel columns.

  Each of these columns was about sixteen inches
high, and securely connected to the heavy cross piece
at the top. This frame formed the support of two
large spheres of metal, each about twelve inches in
diameter. One of them seemed composed of bur-
nished copper; the other appeared to be made of
a silver-like metal.

  These spheres were each connected to a heavy
vertical shaft of steel which passed through the cen-
ter. The lower ends of these shafts passed down
into the interior of the steel bases, while the upper
end of each was supported in a ball-bearing in the
cross piece on top.

  Two slightly smaller sized stationary glass globes
were attached to each of the heavy supporting col-
umns at the long ends of the cross, by means of felt-
padded metal clamps, in close proximity to the near-
est of the center metal spheres.

  The globe nearest to the copper sphere contained
a transparent liquid of a beautiful emerald hue.
The one next to the silvery sphere held a mixture
of the color of ruby.

  From each one of the two metal supporting clamps
of the glass spheres, heavy insulated flexible wires
ran to the arm chairs.

  Upon the seat of each chair lay a strong head-
dress of leather, resembling an aviator’s cap. The
wires from the glass sphere containing the green
liquid, terminated at the sides of the cap, where the
ears would be. The wires from the globe with the
ruby fluid led to heavy goggles at the front part of
the hoods. These goggles were of a peculiar con-
struction, and contained double lenses with a space
between them.

  Professor Winter pointed to the apparatus and
explained:

   “To describe the entire apparatus and its operation
would perhaps be too technical for your lik-

ing and would take too long. The essential points
are these: In the base of the machine is the highest
speed rotary engine in the world—my own inven-
tion. It is operated by electricity. The office of the
apparatus is to change the vibration of both the
auditory and occular organs to such degree, simul-
taneously, that they will be sensitive to the vibra-
tions below the infra-red plane.

  “The machines on both tables are identical, ex-
cept that the controlling switchboard for both is
located on my side.”

  He pointed to one of the chairs, to the right arm
of which was attached a small board with a number
of electrical contact buttons, and to which a bun-
dle of insulated wires was brought from the base
of each machine.

  I nodded, only half understanding what the pro-
fessor was saying. “Are you sure that everything
will turn out all right?” I inquired dubiously.

  “I anticipate no trouble. At the worst, nothing
can happen to our physical bodies. They will be
safe in this room, and Summer will watch outside
the door. Anything that we might see or otherwise
sense can not affect our physical well-being.”

  “I see,” I said. But of course I did not. “Well
then—” I continued— “If you think that everything
is as it should be, I would suggest that we start, be-
cause I confess that I am getting slightly nervous.
After all—this is quite an undertaking!”

  Professor Winter nodded seriously. “Yes, you
are right, and you can never know how I appreciate
your cooperation in this adventure.”

  He held out his hand and we shook hands earnestly. •
With very mixed feelings I sat down in the chair
that my host indicated. “Just relax your body and
your mind, and you will feel better,” he advised,
while he adjusted the leathern cap to my head.

  A few moments later he had fastened on his own
headgear. With a cordial motion, he waved his
hand to me and touched one of the buttons.

  Immediately a high musical note was audible. I
gazed toward the apparatus at my left. The copper
sphere was whirling madly, and the emerald fluid
in the adjoining glass globe seemed to become in-
tensely illuminated.

  The musical note rose higher and higher, so that
it seemed to tax the auditory, organs to the utter-
most. Questioningly, I turned toward the professor.
He was just in the act of pressing another button.
And immediately the white metal spheres on our
respective tables began to revolve with inconceivable
rapidity.

  It seemed as if a thin fog was beginning to en-
velop the objects in the room. The fog-like phe-
nomenon was getting momentarily more dense. The
strong electric lights of the library seemed to be-
come gradually dimmer and dimmer, until they ap-
peared like the headlights of an automoible through
a very dense fog.

  It was getting darker and darker every moment
now. The scientist at my side was hardly visible.
And then suddenly the most absolute darkness that
can be imagined enveloped us like a heavy mantle.

  Temporarily alarmed, I reached out my hand and
touched the professor. Immediately I felt his re-
assuring pat on my arm. I was greatly relieved.
Evidently everything was as it should be. With
hammering pulse, I awaited further developments.
886

AMAZING STORIES

THERE—was it imagination, due to my over-
strained senses?—there seemed to be a faint
violet light permeating the Stygian darkness.

  The violet light was certainly getting stronger.
My senses had not deceived me then. I waited ex-
citedly for—I knew not what.

  Suddenly I became aware of another phenomenon.
The high musical sound, after taxing my auditory
nerve to its uttermost, had completely ceased, and—
I was almost certain that I heard a faint sound as of
distant singing.

  I was now in a fever of expectancy. I felt intui-
tively that some wonderful development was immi-
nent. The violet light was getting brighter and
brighter; and in about the same ratio it seemed that
the singing sound, as of a multitude, was increasing
in volume also.

  What was happening ? Were we really passing to
another plane of existence? Was the experiment of
Professor Winter about to be successful ? With
ever)' nerve tingling, I waited.

   All that was now visible was that peculiar fog-like
phenomenon, lighted up with the soft violet light.
The rest was emptiness. I gazed over toward my
companion, but could see nothing of him either. I
seemed to be on a lonely island in a violet sea.

  And then—as if through many curtains of violet
gauze, I saw all about me, it seemed, the semi-nude
figures of gigantic men and women.

  Suddenly everything was quite clear, and I gazed
upon the strangest spectacle-

  I seemed to be in a vast cathedral-like place; so
vast was it, that I could not perceive the top of it
in the dense violet shadows above me. Nor could
my vision penetrate to the walls that I instinctively
felt were on either side of me.

  Great columns of what seemed to be purple-col-
ored metal, brilliantly polished, rose upward into
the unfathomable heights forming wide aisles on all
sides of me. I seemed to be in the very center of
the widest of these aisles.

  Straight down this great main-aisle, in the direc-
tion toward which I was facing, and at what might
be the end of it, I saw an immense altar-like struc-
ture of some material, which at this distance ap-
peared to be white alabaster.

  Broad wide steps led to the top of this structure,
which vvas formed by a wide platform, covered above
by a great semi-spherical baldachin of what appeared
to be blue crystal.

  Under this crystal dome, two great golden chairs
were placed side by side, and seated upon them,
I perceived two human figures—a man and a woman.

   About and in front of this throne, and on all sides
as far as the eyes could see, a great multitude of
people were gathered. Thousands they seemed to
be, of such physical perfection as to remind me of
the fabled gods and goddesses of ancient Greece.

  Very tall they were—all of them. I judged the
men to be at least seven feet in height, .and the
women about six. The faces of both were beautiful
and hairless, their coloring an exquisite white and
rose ; their hair, which the women wore long and
unrestrained, and the men down to their necks, was
of every shade of blond, and of a fine wavy texture.

  Their heads were crowned with chaplets of gor-
geous, fragrant flowers, and garlands of the same
flowers adorned their bodies. With the exception
of very broad loin-cloths, of vari-colored shiny

material of fine texture, the men were nude. The
women were arrayed in a sort of simple sleeveless
tunic, supported from the shoulders by narrow
straps of the same material as the men wore.

  They all stood erect, with arms upraised above
their heads, facing the two upon the throne. And
they sang an anthem of such wonderful exquisite
harmony and volume, and such liquid clear tone
as I would never have believed existed in the world
of sound.

1 GLANCED toward Professor Winter, whom I
had nearly forgotten. For a moment I was ter-
ribly afraid, because I could not see him. Suddenly
one of his explanations came to my mind. I gazed
down at my own body, and—as I expected—saw
nothing.

  It was a strange, eerie leeling. 1 seemed to con-
sist of nothing but brain. To all intents and pur-
poses I was an invisible being, even to myself. But
a few moments of reflection reassured me. Ap-
parently Professor Winter’s experiment was a per-
fect success; a monument, as it were, to his genius.
As far as my senses were concerned, I was on the
sub-infra-red plane, though my physical body was
on the earth plane. It was in truth a most fantastic
situation.

  To reassure myself beyond doubt, I felt toward
him with my invisible hand, and to my great relief,
touched his body. He gave my hand a reassuring
squeeze to indicate that everything was in order.

  Naturally, I thought, as long as the machine in
the professor’s library was running and our visual
and auditory organs therefore were tuned to a vastly
different vibration, we could not possibly hear or
see each other. As an experiment, I shouted, but
I heard not the slightest sound.

  It was a marvellous experiment and an amazing
experience, and I was conscious of deep gratitude
to the scientist for having given me the opportunity
of sharing it with him.

  We must have been invisible to the sub-infra-red
people also, because those immediately surrounding
us gave not the slightest sign of noting anything out
of the ordinary.

  The singing ceased, the people lowered their arms
and gazed expectantly toward the great throne.

  Presently, amidst absolute silence, the two beings
on the throne, whom I judged to be the Rulers of
these people, rose from their seats, came to the outer
edge of the throne platform, and faced the audience.
And even at that distance I realized that physically
they were superior even to any of their own sub-
jects.

  The man wore a sort of tunic of white shining
cloth, which came almost to his knees, and Was sus-
pended by a strap of gold from his left shoulder,
leaving his right breast free. Upon his broad chest
an emblem in the shape of two outspread wings
glittered and scintillated with every movement of
his perfect body.

  His companion Ruler wore a similar sleeveless
tunic, but suspended from both shoulders, and drop-
ping just below the knees. And upon her perfectly
rounded bosom glittered a similar emblem of double
wings. Their feet, like those of their people, were
bare. And they also had adorned themselves with
the beautiful strange flowers.

  I watched, continued to watch them, fascinated.
BELOW THE INFRA RED

887

Each one raised the right hand with the palm out-
ward, and placed the left hand over the heart. And
while they stood thus they sang a duet of such har-
mony and perfect symphony that I was completely
entranced.

  In some mysterious manner their singing suddenly
became intelligible to me. Through some marvellous
process of the mind, I was able to receive telepathi-
cally the thoughts they meant to convey, without
knowing the language itself.

  Our language is very crude compared to the per-
fect song-language of the sub-infra-red people. But
the following is approximately what they, the Rulers,
conveyed:

  “Beloved people! in the name of the Ruler of the
visible and invisible universe, welcome!

  “This day, which marks an illuminated period in
the cycle of our reign, beloved brothers and sisters,
fills our hearts and minds with great happiness. For
it has proven to us anew the strong divine- bands
of the affection which unites us all together into one
people, one family.

  “And it shall ever be our greatest task and sin-
cerest endeavor to continue with you in the same
happy harmonious relationship. Receive, therefore,
our blessing, and vibrations of affection for your
devotion and fidelity, and let us ask also for the
blessing of Him who rules the universe.”

  With that they raised both hands heavenward, and
together with the people who followed their example,
they sang a short but rousing anthem of gratitude.

  An ecstatic silence of some minutes followed the
singing as the people and their Rulers stood there
with arms still upraised, and faces expressing joy-
ful gladness and hope.

  Suddenly a peculiar feeling came over me. I felt
that T was gradually rising out of my physical body.
It was an indescribable sensation. It seemed that
I, the soul, was slipping out of my invisible physical
shell, like a snake slipping out of its last year’s hide.

  The peculiar eerie thing about the process was the
distinct feeling that in some dim past I had passed
through a similar process.

  I thought of the professor and wondered what he
would have to say about this wonderful phenomenon
when, lo! there he was standing at my side, per-
fectly visible and smiling at my evident astonishment
and agitation. What is more, he appeared very
much younger than when I had last seen him.

  Glancing down at my own body, I found that I
also had become quite visible by some wonderful
alchemy of nature. And with the ability to see my
body once more, came the feeling that somehow it
was not the same body, but a new body which pul-
sated with all the virility and elasticity and joy
of youth. I possessed the same tireless energy and
buoyancy that I remembered having when a boy. It
was marvellous, unbelievable. At last I seemed to
have discovered the fountain of eternal youth.

  “What in the world has happened now, Professor
Winter?” I inquired. “What does it all mean?”

  He smiled radiantly, and his eyes, from which the
spectacles had disappeared, were brilliant with en-
thusiasm when he answered: “It means, dear friend,
that I have attained more, infinitely more, than I
dreamed. It means that the vibrations of our phy-
sical bodies were raised to such a degree that our
spiritual bodies have temporarily become liberated
and separated from our physical shells. To all in-

tents and purposes, we are now inhabitants of the
plane below the infra red.”

  I nodded somewhat dazed. A slow dim compre-
hension was beginning to filter into my mind. How-
ever, there were some things that I was utterly un-
able to understand and grasp. Therefore I put an-
other question.

  “You spoke about ourselves being In our spiritual
bodies. I don’t seem to be able to grasp that part
of it, although, in a dim way, I seem to grasp some-
thing of what you mean to convey. What do you
mean ?”

  He nodded with sympathetic understanding.

  “I shall explain with the greatest pleasure: The
higher science has discovered, and absolutely proven
by means of personal demonstration and experiment,
that man is a triune being. That is to say, man con-
sists of a soul, which is his real ego or self, a spiri-
tual body, and a physical body.

  "The physical body and its sensory organism is
the soul’s instrument of expression and manifesta-
tion while living on the physical plane, by means of
which it gathers experience and knowledge for its
development and unfoldment, according to nature’s
law of evolution and progress.

  “After the change called death, the soul and its
spiritual body, which latter co-exists with the phy-
sical body during earth life, withdraws from the
dead shell and takes up its life on the spiritual plane
where it leaves off on the earth plane. The spiritual
world being a material world similar to the physical,
but of infinitely higher vibration and refinement,
there are then duties to perform, work to do, and
experience to gather for the soul; this it does by
means of the spiritual body and its sensory organism,
which is identical with, but infinitely finer, than the
physical sensory organism.

  “In other words, the soul continues to carry on
its search for the truth, for knowledge and wisdom
in that world as in the physical world; and frort
it when its time comes, it evolutes to still higher ana
finer planes of existence, in still finer bodies, con-
forming to and consistent with the vibrations of each
particular plane. How far this process goes on no
one knows, not even the wisest of the masters of wis-
dom 011 any of the planes know.

  “Nor is there death ; it is only a change to another
body, in order that the soul may continue in its
evolution. Tt is all just a matter of different vibra-
tion. For instance, if it were possible to so attune
the physical sensory organs as to correspond with
the vibrations of spiritual matter, then it would be
quite possible for any of us to see or otherwise sense
anything that goes on in the spiritual plane closest
to earth. But this would conflict with natural laws,
the laws of vibration, and it is therefore impossible.
No one can change or overcome the laws of nature.”

I GAZED in wonder at the man of science and
marveled at his knowledge. “But,” I objected,
“have we not just found that the laws of vibration,
as you call them, can be changed? Are we not in
a .spiritual world in our spiritual bodies? Has not
your machine accomplished the impossible ?”

  He shook his head and smiled quietly.

  “No, you are mistaken. Since our materialization
on this plane, I know that rather than having changed
the attunement of the optic and auditory organs,
my apparatus has raised the vibration of the entire
888

AMAZING STORIES

physical body to such a degree as to enable the spiri-
tual body to pass through and out of the physical
shell.

  “Let it be understood, however, that this plane
is only another physical plane of different vibration,
and that we are able to realize these vibrations with
our lower spiritual senses. Moreover, the body in
which you perceive me is not my spiritual body; it
is only a vito-chemical substance which covers my
body and makes it visible and tangible on this plane,
because this substance is of the same vibration which
belongs to this plane.”

  I shook my head. “It's too deep for me, profes-
sor, even after I have experienced it. And I am
willing to take your word for it.”

  We had become so engrossed in our conversation
that we quite forgot our environment. Perfect si-
lence reigned. But it seemed to be a silence vibrant
with human magnetism.

  We gazed about us. The sub-infra people ap-
parently were able to see us also, for every eye in
that vast place was fixed upon us in seeming word-
less awe and astonishment.

  Presently we perceived a movement at the end of
the central aisle, where the throne was located. And
then we saw that the two Rulers had descended from
the throne and were coming toward us.

  A lane formed rapidly in the great throng of peo-
ple, and along this the majestic couple advanced with
quiet dignity. A few paces from us they stopped
and raised both hands, with open palms toward us.

  “Welcome, strange friends!”

  It was as if they had spoken in our own language,
so clearly did my mind receive the thought behind
their words.

  Following my companion’s example, I also raised
both hands in their manner, also attempting as gra-
cious a smile as our hosts gave us. To our great
astonishment and embarrassment both embraced each
of us in turn, and touched their lips to our fore-
heads.

  We were unable to say anything.

  The greetings over, the exalted brother—such was
his official title, we learned kter—took the profes-
sor’s left hand and led the way to the throne. His
fellow Ruler, a woman of transcendant beauty and
grace took possession of my left hand in like man-
ner, and we followed.

  From every side the people seemed to greet us
with brotherly acclaim and smiles of welcome. It
was indeed a triumphal procession. I walked as
(hough in a dream. The glorious woman at my side
emitted a perfume like atlar of roses, subtle and
delicate like the scent of a dewy rose at sunrise.

  It was wonderful, almost intoxicating, and from
her hand there passed to me a current of magnetism
that was intensely delicious, causing my entire entity
to vibrate with a strange power and awakening all
that was noble in my soul.

  What a marvelous world, I thought, and how
marvelous this human perfection of the flower-be-
decked people all about me. Tt was as if I were the
hero of some wonderful romance, walking to the
altar with my beloved princess. Past great metallic
shining ornamental columns of immense height, un-
fathomable in the all-pervading strange violet light,
and presently I became conscious of music, soft,
sweet and entrancing, like the wind sweeping gently
over the strings of ancient zeolean harps.

  We were upon the platform, facing the people,
who were gazing up at us in expectation. Perfect
silence reigned; even the soft music seemed to have
ceased. We two earth dwellers were between the
royal pair, standing at the outer edge of the throne-
altar.

  With exquisite courtesy, the exalted brother spoke
to us: “Strange friends, in the name of our people
we beg of you to tell us where is the land you call
home, and in what manner you have appeared so
mysteriously among us.

  “We saw you first as indistinct luminous shapes,
and then you gradually took the forms of men.
“Tell us, are you men or spirits ?”

EVERY eye in that immense assembly was riv-
eted on us. At my earnest urging, the professor
began to explain the manner of our appearance
there.

  It was strange but just as we readily received
their thoughts, by means of the invisible waves, so
they quickly understood us. Apparently the high
vibration of our semi-spiritual bodies made this pos-
sible and natural. Words were merely a matter of
form and sound.

  When Professor Winter had finish J, the Ruler
turned to us with a radiant face, "it must be a
wonderful world to which you belong. Can you re-
turn to it as easily as you left it?”

  Professor Winter gazed at me in a distinctly dep-
recating manner, and spread out his hands in an
expressive gesture of helplessness. “That, Exalted
Brother, is something 1 do not know.” He indicated
me with a respectful wave of his hand as he con-
tinued: “When I began this experiment with my
honored friend I did not anticipate such an amazing
success. I never dreamed that we would be liber-
ated from our physical bodies and consequently made
no arrangements for such a contingency.” The gaze
he directed toward me was expressive of deep re-
gret as he finished:

  “I am now extremely sorry for having placed my
friend in such a predicament!”

  With a smile that must have expressed my deep
content, I waved his regret aside. “Don’t worry
about me, old chap. I am perfectly satisfied! Never
in my life have I imagined such wonderful sur-
roundings, and such a delightful situation. I have
no family ties, and like yourself, will not be missed
in that dreary old world of ours.”

  The man of science appeared greatly relieved.
The Ruler smiled approvingly. “I, Elo’li, wish to
commend both of you for your courage! In like
circumstances there are few who would show the

same degree of courage: and-” here he turned

to his companion, “—I am certain that my dear sister
Ealara will concur with me.”

  The beautiful, angelic woman at my side smiled
sweetly and nodded. The light from her radiant
blue eyes caused my pulses to beat with a rapidity
I had never experienced before in all my life. My
whole body tingled and glowed with exaltation.

  Both the professor and I bowed in recognition of
(lie generous praise.

  The next minute our hosts conducted us down
from the throne, and again we passed along the great
center aisle through the human lane of beautiful,
scented people until we came to an immense semi-
circular portal, resembling the great outer doors of
BELOW THE INFRA RED

889

some of the cathedrals I had seen in Europe. A
moment later we passed out into a garden of en-
chantment.

  At last I had a very definite conception of what
the fabled garden of the Olympians must have been.
And there above us, was our old friend, the sun,
apparently the same, yet shining with less glare, and
emitting only moderate heat.

  Great shady trees were all about us. Some re-
sembled palms, with immense leaves about twenty
feet long, and the width of a man. Some were like
the banyan trees of India with many trunks, grace-
ful as the exquisite columns of the Alhambra of
Spain, creating avenues under their great leafy
domes of emerald, where promenading was de-
lightful.

  There were also other trees, and shrubs, too nu-
merous to mention. And the flowers! Some of
these were the same fragrant white blossoms with
which the people were decorated and which our
guides wore; others resembled immense orchids,
vari-colored, and exhaling a perfume like heliotrope.

  Hundreds of varieties abounded everywhere, set
off exquisitely against the blue-green grassy moss
which covered the ground like a deep soft carpet,
over which we passed without a sound.

   I noticed no flies or other insects, but at intervals,
like the flashings of exquisite gems, brilliantly
plumed birds passed over the flowers and through
the foliage overhead.

  I turned to view the place whence we had emerged,
and an exclamation of amazement escaped me, which
startled my three companions. I looked at Professor
Winter and pointed. His gaze followed the direction
of my hand, and he also uttered a cry of amazement.

  The great auditorium was located on an immense
cliff of a white marble-like stone, which by some
wonderful, incredible feat of sculpture, had been
formed into a gigantic bust of a beautiful woman,
perfect in every detail. It was stupendous, and we
two earth dwellers could only stand there and stare,
lost in admiration of the titanic work of art.

  A duet of musical soft laughter aroused us from
our contemplation. Eloli and Ealara were gazing at
us smilingly. The soft harmonious voice of the
latter caressed my ears.

  “You are gazing upon the likeness of Sainana,
first woman Ruler of Alania, our country, dear
friends.”

  Professor Winter expressed himself in an en-
thusiastic manner, and praised the colossal, yet ex-
quisite, work of art, while I concurred most heartily.

  “There is nothing to compare with it in our
world!” he emphasized.

  T nodded. “The sphinx of Egypt compares with
it as the moon to the sun, both in size and in beauty;
the great pyramid of Gizeh could be placed within
the superb head and leave enough room for an
army.”

  The two Rulers were greatly pleased with our ex-
pressions of appreciation. Eloli explained:

  “Thus do we honor our best beloved ancestors,
by using their likenesses for our most sacred abode,
our home. Since many generations this has been
the custom of our people.”

WE PASSED on and presently came to a sort
of circular pavilion, built of a marble-like
semi-transparent stone, and covered by a great hemi-

spherical dome of emerald-hued transparent sub-
stance.

  The great dome rested upon an exquisitely sculp-
tured entablature, supported by a great number of
slender graceful columns. In the center, under the
emerald ifoof, a marvelously executed group of two
nude maidens formed from an alabaster-like sub-
stance, caught our eyes the moment we entered the
cool interior.

  The two figures stood back to back, and their
sweetly smiling faces were raised upward to where
upon their elevated hands they supported a great
bowl of tulip formation from which a great foun-
tain of water shot upward fully forty or fifty feet,
curving outward and downward in an immensely
enlarged form of the bowl, and falling in a refresh-
ing aromatic shower into the wide crystal basin be-
neath.

  Winding our way through the myriad ferns in
beautiful stone containers, we soon found ourselves
on the edge of the great crystal basin. Courteously
our hosts bade us to be seated upon the circular
bench which surrounded it, and which permitted
one to refresh his feet in the cool water beneath.
Quickly the professor and I removed our shoes and
emulated the example of Eloli and Ealara, his sister.

  Eloli emitted a peculiar high tone, and imme-
diately two beautiful maids appeared. One of them
bore a crystal tray with a basket woven from a
gold-like metallic wire, from which several different
kinds of aromatic, beautifully colored, strange fruits
peeped forth temptingly.

  The other held a tray of golden metal, upon the
artistically engraved surface of which stood four
vessels, shaped like large eggs standing on their ends
with the large portion cut off, and the lower part sup-
ported in tripods of metal, like transparent gold.

  With her own hands, Ealara took one of the ves-
sels from the tray and presented it to me, while her
brother offered the other to the scientist. Hesitantly
I received the delicate container from my beautiful
hostess and placed my lips to the edge of the fra-
gile transparent vessel that seemed to be made of
the finest white porcelain imaginable. Carefully I
tasted of the cool, slightly effervescing liquid and
found it marvelously palatable and refreshing. A
wave of new strength seemed to course through my
body from it, and involuntarily I smacked my lips
as I finished the last few drops.

  In courteous terms I expressed my appreciation
and was just about to ask how the beverage was
made, when suddenly we heard distant cries as of
fear, and a commotion outside in the garden.

   Eloli and his sister rose quickly and gazed in alarm
toward the entrance. A moment later a young Alan-
ian rushed in, sank to one knee and bowed, with
his left hand placed over the heart and the right flat
against the forehead.

  “Exalted Brother, the Pluonians are coming!”
he reported and there was suppressed excitement in
his voice.

  The Pluonians! I felt some calamity at hand;
and the suddenly stern face of Eloli confirmed it.
So even this paradise was not without its snakes.
I gazed at Ealara. She was calm, and her eyes were
fixed upon her brother’s face with quiet confidence.

  The latter made a sign for the messenger to rise.

  “Bid Alam to come immediately!” he commanded.

  The man made an obeisance and sped away.
890

AMAZING STORIES

  “Who are these Pluonians, Exalted Brother?”
Professor Winter inquired.

  Eloli folded his great arms across his wide chest
and his face was very grave as he explained:

  “The Pluonians are a terrible enemy, a lower race
than ours, who hate us because of our progress and
our harmony among ourselves. Occasionally they
enter into ruthless warfare against us; often they
come in the night and carry off our women and
children. Come! Every minute counts now!”

  We passed out of the pavilion and just outside
of the entrance were met by a powerfully-built mar-
tial-looking Alanian. This was Alam, chief of the
Alanian army. He bowed deeply to the two Rulers.
“I await your orders!” he said simply.

  Eloli spoke rapidly: “Are the warriors ready?”
Alam inclined his head.” They are now forming
for the defense.”

  “And the women and children?”

  “They are being rushed to the top chamber.”

  Eloli nodded. “It is well, I shall lead in battle
myself!” he stated sternly.

  Then turning to Ealara he placed both hands on
her shoulders and his eyes radiated a world of tender
brotherly love as he spoke gently: “Sister beloved,
do you go and comfort the women and children, and
pray to the Great Ruler of the Universe for strength
in our bodies and power to overcome the evil will
of the enemy.”

  They embraced tenderly and kissed each other
■upon the cheeks. After taking leave of myself and
the professor, she walked rapidly away, with such
grace and lightness that she seemed to float.

  After having received several rapid orders Alam
hurried away also. Eloli turned to us, and there
was genuine sadness and regret in his eyes.

“Friends, I am very sad that this trouble had to oc-
cur to mar the pleasure of your visit among us!
Li t us hope and pray that ours will be the victory.”
Both the professor and I fervently seconded his
wish.

  “Come,” he said, “I shall lead you where you will
be safe, and whence you can witness that which shall
take place.”

  He led us swiftly back to the great human edifice,
past the wide portal. From the outer gate in the
high garden wall a steady stream of women and
children flowed - toward the palace, to disappear
through the wide portal into the interior.

  They were coming from the city outside of the
palace walls which we had not yet seen. Some of
the women were calm, some excited and some evi-
dently frightened. But most of the children ap-
peared to enjoy the prospect of war and excitement.

  As we learned later, there was a great inner stone
staircase which led to the top of the immense stone
figure, into the head of it. Just at the level of the
gigantic eyes was a vast observation chamber; and
it was into this that the women and children entered
loi safety s sake. I he bottom of the stone stairway
was m times of danger, closed by means of a huge
block of stone and could be opened only from within
so that the inmates were safe as long as their water
and food lasted. I he eyes of the head served as
windows. lhese immense apertures, by the wav
were the only window openings in the entire colossai
edifice.

A SHORT distance from the main entrance Eloli
stopped. We were facing a smooth wall. He
touched a certain spot, and to our great surprise a
large block of stone swung outward as if on hinges,
disclosing a narrow stairway beyond. Embracing
each of us in turn, the Ruler pointed to the stairway.

  “This stair leads to the chamber of Loalio, man
of wisdom. He will explain to you many things.
Go in peace!”

  We entered, and immediately the stone door swung
back into place. We began to mount the stairs. The
illumination here was the same peculiar soft violet
light that we had first observed in the great audi-
torium of the palace.

  Search as we would we could not discover the
source of it.

  "It must be some sort of radio-activity that gen-
erates it,” my companion observed.

  I nodded. “Quite possible! Besides, do you no-
tice the peculiar invigorating quality it possesses ?

  He said that he had observed the same thing.

  Here the stairs made a sudden turn, and a mo-
ment later we found ourselves upon a narrow stone
balcony formed by an ornament around the neck
of the gigantic head, just under the chin.

  Immediately we became absorbed in contemplation
of the strange panorama spread out below us.

  Far below the stream of humanity was still pour-
ing into the palace grounds; the women and children
passing on, and the men forming into battle forma-
tion at each side of the main avenue. We observed
many touching scenes of leave-taking.

  And then on either side of us we saw the city!

  Never could I have imagined anything so fan-
tastic !

  Picture to yourself, if you can, a great multitude
of the most exquisite gardens, and in the center of
each the marvelously sculptured bust of a beautiful
woman or a handsome man; and at intervals two of
them together.

  A movement in the palace gardens below attracted
our attention; With difficulty I removed my gaze
from the wonderful, now deserted city.

  The army of the Alanians were marching out
of the great outer gate to meet the enemy. Quickly,
marching ten abreast, they moved out over the im-
mense moss-covered plain fronting the palace. Far
away, on the other side of the plain was dense forest.
And from this forest, while we watched appeared
a dense, dark mass which we soon learned were the
Pluonians.

  My gaze turned again to the thousands of stal-
wart Alanian warriors, and presently the conviction
struck me that there was something strange about
them. For a few minutes I puzzled about the mat-
ter, then suddenly I had the answer.

  I turned to my companion. “Professor Winter, .
do you not notice something strange about those
soldiers, who go out to meet the enemy?”

  The keen eyes of the scientist concentrated upon
the Alanians. and he emitted an exclamation of sur-
prise. “By Jupiter! You are right. Barton—there
is not a single weapon on any of them.”

  T nodded. “Exactly! That is what struck me as
being so odd; so unusual to our terrestrial minds.
What under the sun do they fight with?”

  “You shall see in good time, friends!” A deep,
vibrant vaice uttered the words immediately behind
us.
BELOW THE INFRA RED

891

  We turned quickly in surprise, and beheld, re-
garding us with a benevolent smile, a venerable old
man, who had stepped from a chamber, the narrow
door of which we had not before noticed.

  It was Loalio, man of wisdom. His long wavy
hair, white as freshly fallen snow, hung down over
his back. He was dressed in a long white robe
that came to his bare ankles. His face, which in
common with all other Alanians was hairless, bore
such a sublime expression of benevolence and sanc-
tity, that I experienced the involuntary desire to
kneel down before him and ask for a blessing. His
deep blue-gray eyes and wide high brow indicated
the student and thinker, and gave one the impression
of infinite wisdom. His mouth was firm but kindly,
and one looked in vain for any weakness in his face.

  His feet and head were bare, and across his chest,
suspended by a golden chain, he wore the same glit-
tering ornament in the shape of two outspread wings
that distinguished the two Rulers of Alania.

  He extended a hand to each of us in hearty wel-
come, and I felt a strong flow of force from his
hand into my body.

  The welcome over, he continued his explanations:

  “You will find that there are more powerful forces
in the universe than the weapons of war 011 your
plane, which I see depicted in your mind, and which
bruise and tear the body.”

  With a wave of his hand he again turned our at-
tention to the field of the coming battle.

  Although the distance to the ground where the two
opposing armies were approaching each other was
about five miles, the atmosphere was so marvelously
crystal-clear that distance seemed annihilated and
we could see almost every detail with perfect dis-
tinction.

  But Loalio, with exquisite courtesy, handed to each
of us what appeared to be a mirror with a thick
back. The instrument was constructed from a light
silvery material, and the lens was of perfect quality.
He waved his hand toward the battlefield. “Observe
well!” he suggested.

  Following his directions the professor and I held
up the instrument between us and the vista before
us. I heard the amazed exclamation of my com-
panion. And no wonder! With a clearness that
surpassed that of any optical instrument I had ever
seen on our plane, the lens recorded the far scene
as if we were within a few feet of it.

'T'HE Alanians and the Pluonians! No greater

  ‘ contrast could be imagined. While the Alanians
were white-skinned, fair-haired, and blue- or gray-
or gray-blue-eyed, the Pluonians were dark-skinned,
some almost black, black-haired, and their eyes of
the color of jet.

  While the Alanians were beautifully proportioned
as to body, and handsome as to features, tbe enemy
were of heavy, unwieldy build, unduly long arms,
and their bestial faces were covered with short
bristly black hair.

  Their long arms, crouching walk and hairy over-
muscled bodies and faces resembled the larger sim-
ians of our own world.

  Both races, however, wore only loincloths, and
neither had any weapon.

  A veritable battle of angels and devils.

  The enemy had formed into a great semi-circle,
with the ends directed against the Alanians. The

latter, on the other hand, advanced in the form of
a capital “V”, the apex of which pointed at the cen-
ter of the enemy semi-circle.

  The man of science and I watched in fascinated
suspense and expectation their manner of battle.

  Gradually the Pluonians drew closer, the mirrors
in our hands revealed their ferocious visages dis-
tinctly, while their wild chant in all its bestial hoarse-
ness and savagery was carried to our ears by the
light wind. Ever faster their gait became as they
advanced, until at last they broke into a trot.

  We could now observe that at the center of their
formation their ranks were tripled, thinning down
gradually toward the horns of the semi-circle.

  Our friends the Alanians had stopped, and were
grimly awaiting the attackers with apparent placid-
ity, leaning slightly forward with all the muscles
of their splendid bodies tense.

  I thrilled at their heroic composure, and a glance
at my companion showed that he was no less im-
pressed.

  The chanting of the Pluonians had ceased. They
were coming on at top speed. The impact of the
two armies was terrible: A dull roaring crunching
noise that sent the shivers up and down my back.
But the apex of the Alanian “V” had penetrated the
black semicircle.

  And then followed the most fantastic battle—if
such it could be called—that it is possible to imagine.

  Almost perfect silence reigned. There was no
wrestling, beating or slugging. That is what made
it so indescribably unreal to our terrestrial minds.

  This is what occurred:

  A black warrior would spring like a tiger upon a
white warrior; or a white upon a black. They would
grapple, and then seemingly become motionless in
each other's fierce embrace. Only the quivering
muscles on the great bodies indicated the terrific
strain of the combatants.

  They stood there, motionless like some sculptured
work of art, apparently doing nothing more than
gazing intently into each other's eyes until at last
either one or the other would release his hold and slip
lifeless to the ground.

  It was uncanny! I could not understand it. And
yet I knew there was some terrific force in action
there on the battlefield. What was it?

  Then suddenly I remembered the words of Loalio
the wise. The same thought must have struck Pro-
fessor Winter also, for almost simultaneously we
turned to the old man for an explanation.

  The man of wisdom watched the strange conflict
with stern eyes. Seeming to read our thoughts,
and without removing his gaze from the field of bat-
tle, he explained:

  “You see there the mighty powers of one mind
pitted against the powers of another. It is the force
of the concentrated, intelligently directed will that
decides the issue.”

  “Will power, directed in a certain way, becomes
more deadly than the knife or other weapon of your
world. Many generations ago. as the ancient rec-
ords show, a man on our plane also used the gen-
erally accepted weapons to carry on war. But long
ago the race on this plane have relinquished the use
of them.”

  “The warrior possessed of the stronger will-power
8'.)2

AMAZING STORIES

is able to overcome an opponent, just as the physi-
cally stronger man overcomes the weaker."

  "First the functions of the intellectual, or great
brain are stopped, and thus the channels of com-
munication between the outer world and the soul,
by means of its live physical senses, are closed.
Next the barriers of the middle brain are broken
down and thus the muscular action of the body is
paralyzed,

  “Finally, the lower brain is overcome by the down-
ward sweep of the force which radiates from the
mental battery of the opponent, and thus the nerve
system is under his control. The heart action is ar-
rested at the will of the conqueror, and immediate
death is the result.”

  He stopped and regarded us seriously, to see if
we had understood.

  Professor Winter, whose eyes were aflame with
scientific interest, nodded understandingly. But 1
shook my head in helpless confusion. Whereupon
he explained:

  “As far as I can gather, the process of this'strange
unheard-of warfare is a sort of super-hypnotism!
No doubt you have read about the mesmeric and
the hypnotic processes?"

  I nodded affirmatively.

  “Very well; there seems to be this difference:
The mesmerist, or the hypnotist, on your plane finds
it impossible to influence his subjects without their
cooperation, willingly given, or by rendering them
passive by a soporific. A person in the full and
conscious possession of an active will cannot be
hypnotized nor mesmerized.

  "Here, however, we have a very active, especially
trained will confronting the would-be dominator.
Here is no passive state, or cooperation of any sort.
On the contrary, here is a very intensively active
will, itself intent upon conquest.

  “All the tremendous powers of each mind are si-
multaneously concentrated in the effort of overcom-
ing the resistance of the other, and we see strong
powerful men succumb to the superior powers of
their opponents.

  “Therefore we have here an entirely different,
and infinitely more powerful form of mental con-
centration and dominion than known on our own
plane; no doubt subject to different laws of nature
entirely.”

  The explanation given by the man of science, cor-
roborated by Loalio who had listened attentively, was
enlightening. I marveled at the tremendous possi-
bilities of the thing. A person killed merely by the
concentrated merciless will power of another. It
was terrible!

  We turned our attention again to the scene of
conflict, and noted to our joy that the whites were
unmistakably gaining. A great many more black
warriors than white were lying on the ground.

  Slowly but surely the Alanian apex pushed far-
ther through the centdr of the enemy. The great
“V” stretched itself out, and its wings gradually
curled about the ends of the Pluonian semi-circle.

SUDDENLY Loalio grasped my arm and pointed.
His eyes were shining with interest, and an-
ticipatory triumph.

  At the very center of the two opposed forces two
gigantic figures were swaying in the terrible em-
brace of death; one white and one black. Quickly

the professor and I focussed our mirrors upon the
pair. One of them was Eloli, Ruler of the Alanians;
the other Uruom, King of the Pluonians.

   Chest to chest they stood; the brilliantly blue orbs
of Eloli burning into the black, redly flaming eyes
of the hideous bestial-faced black Ruler; their ter-
rible wills in inconceivably intense action.

  It seemed like a decisive conflict between the
forces of light and darkness, good and evil, angel
and demon.

  Which of the two would win that battle of terrible
psychic forces?

  A slight, scarcely detectable swaying of the two
great bodies was the only motion, the only visible
sign of their mutual efforts, physically and psy-
chically.

  Watching them, my muscles involuntarily became
tense, and my breath came in gasps out of sheer
sympathy with the great white Ruler.

  Owing to the lack of motion, the battle was more
exciting than a wrestling match or a fistic contest
could have been, because of the great tension, which
one instinctively knew existed between the two foes.
Such a state of things could not possibly last long.

  And indeed it did not.

  Slowly, very slowly the pure dominating power
of the white king, fighting for justice and right,
prevailed over the power of evil in the black king.

  Realizing his waning power Uruom made a des-
perate effort to withdraw his gaze from the blazing
relentless sapphire eyes of Eloli, leaning his head far,
far backwards. But fight as he would, with all the
mental power at his command, he could not check
the gradual domination of his cranial functions.
The mental power of Eloli seemed like a keen sword
which cut off his sensory channels one by one from
the outer world.

  Presently his muscles became inactive; and finally
the dread power swept downward into his primary
brain, dominating the nerve system. Then the end
came soon.

  Suddenly his head dropped to one side, showing
the glazed sightless eyes. The great dark body
shuddered convulsively and slipped out of the arms
of Eloli to the ground. Uruom was dead.

  A great cry of rage and fear went up from the
black warriors as they realized that, with the death
of their king, the battle was lost for them.

  A greater shout of triumph sounded from the lips
of the white warriors.

  From the dark forest beyond a great blare, as
from an immense horn, sounded. Immediately each
Pluonian who was able to do so tore himself from
the embrace of his white adversary and fled toward
the forest. But many were taken as prisoners.

  The battle was over. Behind us Loalio raised
both hands to heaven and gave silent thanks to the
great Ruler of the universe. Reverently, with bowed
heads, the professor and I waited until he had fin-
ished. Presently he led us down the stair and into
the palace garden again, and we walked toward the
great portal of the auditorium.

  Standing in regal grandeur on the throne plat-
form, just at the edge of the top step, Loalio, man
of wisdom, awaited the triumphal procession that
approached the throne. The noble lines of his face
expressed sublime happiness and benevolence.

  The procession approached along the wide center
aisle, singing a grand paean of joy. First came
BELOW THE INFRA RED

893

Eloli whose left arm encircled the waist of Ealara,
his sister. Next followed Alam, the chief of the
army; then a group of his officers, and behind them
came the warriors, accompanied by their wives,
sweethearts and other relatives.

  The whole thing, viewed by the professor and me,
at either side and a little distance behind Loalio,
was indescribably thrilling.

  At the foot of the throne, the two Rulers stopped,
and the song ceased. Loalio raised his arms and
held out his hands over them in blessing. With
inclined heads, and in the vast silence, they listened,
as in deep melodious tones, the voice of the wise
man rolled out in thanksgiving.

  The ceremony over, the happy people filed out of
the great auditorium; while I and Professor Winter
hastened to express our felicitations to Eloli. With
Loalio leading, we passed from the throne room
into a magnificent banquet hall. Behind us, Alam,
chief of the army, and four of his officers, followed
at a respectful distance.

  The vast apartment was at least one hundred feet
long, about half as wide, and as nearly as I could
judge, thirty feet high.

  There was little furniture, but the decorations on
the walls and ceiling gave eloquent proof of the high
artistic ability of the Alanians. On the ceiling,
gamboling children, exquisitely carved, and painted
in lifelike colors, were chasing birds of brilliant
plumage.

WE passed on to the very center of the room
where a massive oval table, covered with a
pure white damask-like cloth, was laid for ten per-
sons, and beautifully adorned with flowers in origi-
nal artistic designs. Before each place was a large
golden plate, and one of the exquisite, delicate gob-
lets we had already seen in the garden. No knives,
forks or other tableware were visible.

  Behind each one of the ivory-like finely carved
chairs was stationed a beautiful servant girl, who,
at our approach, pulled back the chairs for us.

  Loalio had passed to the head of the table. While
we stood there at our appointed places, he first raised
his hands heavenward in a gesture of supplication,
and then he spread them over the table in blessing.

  The simple ceremony over, we seated ourselves.

  Immediately, from a curtained alcove, there '
sounded delightful, soft music, evidently from string
instruments. And at almost the same time the beau-
tiful servants began to bring us fruits, and a sort
of delicious wafer that literally melted on the tongue,
with the same sort of invigorating drink that had
been served to us earlier in the garden.

  The fruits, some of which resembled our kinds on
the earth-plane, were delicious. There were no hot
foods, nor meats of any kind. Evidently the Alan-
ians were thorough vegetarians.

  And in one other respect the meal was quite dif-
ferent from any similar function in our own world:
There was no conversation during the meal. The
badinage, repartee and social chit-chat that we
know would have been decidedly out of place among
such ideal surroundings.

  However, there was not the slightest indication of
stiffness of any sort. Instead, it was with a very
decided feeling of comfort and well-being that the
meal progressed.

  At the professor’s side Eloli, the ruler, ate his
fruit With quiet serenity, while at my left Ealara de-
lighted me with her nearness. Evidently Professor
Winter and I had been given the places of honor.

  At a sign from Loalio, the music ceased. He
turned to us with a smile, and said, "Friends, I am
ready now to answer the questions which 1 see in
your minds!”

  The scientist's face became eager at once. He
waved his hand about the vast apartment. “I greatly
desire to know by what method and process it was
possible to carve such a wonderful dwelling out of
the living rock. Do you also use explosives as we,
the earth dwellers do?”

  The wise man did not understand the professor’s
term, “explosives,” whereupon the latter proceeded
to explain as best he could.

  When my companion adventurer had finished, the
former sat silent a few moments in thought. Then
he gave a quiet command to one of the maidens, who
departed quickly, and a few minutes later ushered
in four strong men who between them, in a sort of
sling, carried a great block of stone which they
placed upon a small round but strong table that one
of the servants had pushed between the professor
and the wise man.

  When the carriers had departed, Loalio reached
forth his right hand and touched his index finger
to the stone block. His face was quite calm, but
from his eyes seemed to radiate terrific power. And
even as I watched in amazement, the stone changed
its form.

  It seemed to grow larger and a mistiness seemed
to surround it. Then, when the mistiness had dis-
appeared, I gazed in utter stupefaction upon the per-
fect sculptured likeness of my friend, Professor
Winter. The whole process had not taken more
than two or three minutes. It was unbelievable; and
I rose and touched the stone bust to make certain
that it was not an optical illusion.

  The others had watched me in amusement. As for
my companion, he was the intensely interested sci-
entist. Immediately he turned to Loalio for an ex-
planation of the phenomena.

  With a grave smile the wise man complied.

  “As you probably know, there exist four life ele-
ments in Nature, the electro-magnetic, the vito-chem-
ical. the spiritual, and the soul element.”

  Professor Winter nodded and his eyes gleamed
with interest.

  Loalio continued: “The first of these elements
controls the mineral world : the first and second com-
bined the plant world; the first, second and the
spiritual element combine in the animal, and all four
of the elements compose the human entity.

  “What I have done with this stone is simply due
to my control of the electro-magnetic element. It is
just as easy to disintegrate the rock in the same
manner. Watch!”

  Again he stretched out his hand toward the stone.
Quickly a cloud of mist formed about it, becoming
thicker and thicker, until it formed a sort of cloud
about ten times the original size of the stone. Slowly
it lifted from the table and gently floated to the floor.
Quickly the cloud phenomenon sank down, thinned
and disappeared, leaving on the floor an area of about
one square yard, covered with thick white dust—the
composing particles of what had been a huge stone-
894

AMAZING STORIES

WHILE I stared at Loalio in awe, the professor

rosg quickly, walked over to the disintegrated
stone dust and rubbed some of it through his fingers.
He nodded, satisfied, and explained to me: “This
powder is finer than the best mill could possibly
grind it. The reason is that the stone has been dis-
integrated and separated into individual molecules.”

  "But how?'’ I was utterly bewildered.

  Regretfully, he shook his head. “That I do not
know; but—” here he bowed respectfully to the wise
man “—some day I hope to learn the method.”

  Loalio nodded gravely. “It is possible, my friend;
but the attainment of control over Nature’s forces re-
quires many years of intense study, perseverance, and
practice. Very few attain this power; for to most
people it is too difficult a problem to solve, requiring
as it does perfect self-control and the living of a life
in strict accordance with Nature’s Constructive
I ’rinciple.”

  He rose from the table and all of us followed his
example. While the officers bowed deeply and left
the banquet hall to go back to their duties, Loalio led
the way into an adjoining chamber which proved to
be the music room.

  There were several string instruments somewhat
resembling the ancient lyres of the Greeks, and some
were similar to the large harps on our plane, with
the exception that the strings ran horizontally instead
of vertically. In the center of the great room stood
an instrument which resembled nothing which I had
ever seen in our own world.

  It was a great tripod, fully seven feet high; the
legs, very heavy at the bottom and tapering at the
top were composed of a semi-transparent substance
like topaz. At the top the legs were fastened to a
triangular plate of a white metal, and at the bottom,
to a similar but far larger plate. Through the cen-
ters of these two plates, and rigidly attached to them,
passed a metallic rod; thick at the bottom and gradu-
ally tapering to the size of a man’s small finger.
Ranged on this rod, according to size, one above an-
other. were a great number of triangular metallic
plates, beginning large and thick at the bottom of the
instrument and ending in small ones of wafer-like
thinness at the top.

  Ealara, who had led me by the hand, invited me
with sweet courtesy to be seated upon one of the
comfortable divan-like chairs, and walked to the
tripod. With two slender wooden rods, she began to
play it.

  Instantly the chamber was filled with exquisite
tones of perfect harmony, a strange melody, arousing
all that was good and poetic in my soul. Ealara
played with delicate touch and deep feeling, giving
forth waves of wonderful symphony, which raised
my soul to a condition of veritable bliss.

  Even Professor Winter, scientist that he was,
seemed spellbound by the music. And Loalio and
Eloli sat there in visible deep contented revery as the
waves of harmony caressed their ears.

  When the beautiful player had finished, both the
professor and I hastened to express our enthusiastic
appreciation.

  Soon the conversation devolved chiefly upon Pro-
fessor Winter and Loalio. From what the wise man
said it appeared that: •

  There were many nations on the sub-infra plane,
most of them white and advanced peoples. The rest,
to which the Pluonians belonged, were primitive and
dark-skinned.

  At the head of each white nation were two chosen
Rulers, a man and a woman who ruled jointly. The
male Ruler was chosen by the men of the nation, the
woman by the female citizens.

  They were selected because of their superior wis-
dom, purity of character, and their true sense of
equity, justice and right. Sometimes, as in the case
of Eloli and Ealara, it happened that the two Rulers
were chosen from the same family.

  Every three years a great competition was held
at the capital of each nation, at which all the most
advanced citizens of both sexes participated. They
who excelled in all the intellectual and moral tests
were chosen as the next Rulers. Often the present
rulers were chosen for a second term.

  At each period of nine years the supreme intel-
lectuals from all the white nations, Rulers and others,
assembled in the central capital of Orth. There the
supreme test was held. Whoever passed it were
chosen as the central Rulers for a period of nine
years. To them all the other white nations looked for
guidance and counsel. The central Rulers were also
one man and one woman, with exactly equal powers
in their individual spheres of activity.

  In case that one of the Rulers should die before
the expiration of his term, the next highest intel-
lectual was chosen until the next election.

  The paramount duty of the Rulers was the intel-
lectual, spiritual, moral and psychic evolution and
progress of their peoples. There was no industry
and commerce as we on our plane understand them.
The needs of the people were few.

  Their climatic conditions, too, differed from ours:
it was always mild summer weather. This necessi-
tated few clothes, which, very likely, partially ac-
counted for the complete absence of any sickness.
They were all strict vegetarians, and each family
grew sufficient fruits and vegetables for its own
needs.	,

  Only when something needed to be done for the
common good, or for the Rulers, did the whole nation
join forces. An inherent sense of duty and love
made them see to the needs of each other.

  The servant problem was met in the same way.
All the servants in the palaces of the Rulers were
there voluntarily for a period of one year, unless
they desired to stay longer. The only medium of ex-
change was personal service.

THESE people produced many fine artists and
craftsmen. There were 110 churches. This was
a country of monotheists who believed in an invisible,
omnipotent and loving Ruler of the universe, whom
they worshipped at intervals in the palaces of their
Rulers, as we had seen.

  Birth was the same as on our plane.

  At last death was mentioned. And right here we
heard something very strange. It answered the un-
spoken questions in my mind about the dead left on
the,battle field. I had not seen any of them brought
in, and had seen no preparations for their burial; so
I had wondered.

  The strange fact that Loalio mentioned in this
connection was that the body of a person after death
did not decay—it literally evaporated. As soon as
the Iife-element was withdrawn from the body at the
time of death, the strange chemical process of nature
began, until, at the end of about one of our hours, the
body had completely disappeared.
BELOW THE INFRA RED

  They believed that after physical death, the soul
clothed in a finer body, passed into a finer higher
world.

  ‘It is a material world like this” explained Loalio,
“but of liner matter, and infinitely higher vibration.”
The advanced wise men like Loalio, who was an
ex-central Ruler, were of such high spiritual devel-
opment, that they could communicate with the next
world with full consciousness, while still in the phy-
sical body and in full possession of their will and
voluntary powers.

  They believed that the evolution of man is prac-
tically an eternal process, that the soul in ever refined
bodies ascends from plane to plane until it reaches an
ultimate condition of perfection.

  One point Loalio made very clear: that it is im-
possible for the individual soul to find self-com-
pletion or perfection alone; in order to reach that
high state of being, the perfect vibratory union of a
masculine and a feminine soul is absolutely necessary.

  As Loalio said: “That is the reason why we devote
all of our best energies to the development of the
true love nature. We bring up our children by im-
planting the germ of love deeply into their minds.
Not only individual love, but altruism as well.

  "We teach them from the very beginning how to
control the destructive passions and impulses of
their physical natures, and how to re-direct these
impulses into constructive channels. It is this which
has made possible the abolition of war among the
white peoples on our plane.”

  What a wonderful world we would have if we
could reach such a point. No more wars, no more
suppression of the peoples by the powerful. No
more hatred between classes, for there would be no
classes; no more grafting, stealing, murder or other
transgressions; no more high taxes to pay for war
debts and for armament in preparation of new wars.
It would be glorious to see the end of crime, court-
houses and jails.

  Here Ealara read my thoughts and asked:

  “Is it then such a terrible world from which you
come? Surely not all the people there are bad. I
am sure that both of you are good men! Are there
not many such ? Are not your women good ?”

  We assured her that there were more good than
bad people in our world, and that our women formed
the main moral foundation.

  And then to my own great astonishment, Professor
Winter told them that he had heard of wise men on
our plane who lived holy lives and could control the
forces of nature; how through their control of na-
ture’s forces they could create things, make flowers
grow from seeds in a few minutes, and so many
more strange things. These wise men were in every
country, living secluded lives and pursuing their
studies in secret; making every effort for the good
of humanity.

  Then, to my intense embarrassment, Eloli turned
to me with a smile. “It seems, my friend, that you
doubt the existence of these holy men and their pow-
ers on your own plane!”

  And now, gazing from one to the other of the
three exalted Alanians. I knew that they had easily
read my skeptic attitude of mind, of which T had
been but semi-conscious.

  I made an apologetic gesture. “I am sorry! But
my mind seems to be of a quality which cannot accept
as a fact anything that I have not personally experi-
enced or demonstrated.”

  Eloli asked one of the maids present to place upon
the floor before us a golden earth-filled pot and a
seed from one of the flowers in pots, which, with
their wonderful coloring and perfume served to
adorn the fine apartment.

HE turned to me. “Not to entertain, but to in-
struct you, shall 1 demonstrate to you that
these things are possible." He bowed, with deep re-
spect, in the direction of Loalio. “Our Supreme
Exalted Brother has demonstrated to you his control
over the electro-magnetic forces of Nature. I. his
deeply grateful pupil, shall demonstrate to you that
control over the next higher, the vito-chemical ele-
ment, in combination with the lower, is possible.”

  His right hand, with the index and second fingers
extended, pointed to the seed in the golden plate,
while he concentrated upon it with fixed intensity.

  And even as we watched intently, a little cloud
of luminous mist seemed to surround it, becoming
rapidly larger as it rose into a column several feet
in height. Gradually within the mist phenomenon
the faint tracery of a flower plant appeared.

  At first it was very faint, but it rapidly became
more and more distinct until, no more than two min-
utes later, the misty light phenomenon cleared away,
and there before us, in all its beauty, covered with a
multitude of fresh aromatic blossoms, stood a mag-
nificent flower bush.

  I rubbed my eyes and pinched my leg to make sure
that it was not an illusion. Then, while our hosts
watched me with smiling sympathy, I emulated the
example of my fellow-adventurer, who had broken
off one of the flowers, and was examining it with
intense interest. There was no doubt about its
genuineness, but I was not entirely satisfied, so I
touched the flower bush with my fingers, and fol-
lowed it all the way down to wbere it disappeared
into the soil. So hard is it to overcome prejudice
and bias. But I was convinced at last.

  Marvellous? I could not find adequate terms to
express myself. T gazed at Ealara; and then I stared
incredulously, for sweetly smiling at me, she was fast
becoming invisible, a mere transparent wraith, until,
quicker than it takes to tell, she had completely dis-
appeared.

  I turned to my other three companions in bewil-
derment. The professor was staring with scientific
analytic interest at the chair which the queen had
but recently occupied. I was about to formulate a
question, when, following the smiling gaze of the
two exalted Alanians, I perceived Ealara seated in
her place just as visible as she had been before the
experiment, and smiling at me with a warmth that
went straight to my heart.

  “You seem very much surprised, dear friend.”

  I was, for never had I imagined the possibility of
such miracles.

  “And yet—” she said earnestly—“these are noth-
ing but visible demonstrations, showing that the laws
of Nature can be used and exercised by those who
have developed and unfolded the faculties, capacities
and powers of the soul. You and your friends—”
her graceful gesture indicated the professor “—can
do these things that we have done, if you will but
comply with, and live according the constructive laws
of Nature.”

  But it was not the end of wonders yet. Ealara
896

AMAZING STORIES

waved her hand respectfully in the direction of
Loalio. “Watch!”

  The venerable master rose and with both hands
traced an outline in the atmosphere, beginning at the
height of his eyes and tracing downward with a
stroking motion a number of times.

   Gradually a large oval form appeared in the air
before him, luminous and tinted with all the colors
of the rainbow. Rapidly the oval form became more
dense, apparently drawing together and concentrat-
ing, until the outlines of a human form became
visible.

  Again I noted the light of intense mental and
spiritual power radiating from the eyes of the man
of wisdom.

  And then, even while we two earth dwellers
watched in utter fascination, there suddenly stood
before us, smiling at us sweetly, the form of a maiden
of eighteen summers.

  To the rhythm of inaudible music she began to
dance in the most graceful manner imaginable.
Faster and faster she danced, until soon she spun
dizzily on one slender toe.

   And then, even as she had appeared, she resolved
back into the mysterious nothingness from whence
the master had called her.

IT was a beautiful rest room to which we had been
personally conducted by Eloli and Ealara. The
atmosphere within reminded one of the refreshing
scent of a pine forest.

  In common with all other apartments in the im-
mense edifice, the chamber was very spacious and
almost devoid of furniture, other than two very com-
fortable couches and a table, exquisitely carved from
some rare wood. The walls of the room were painted
with wondrously artistic realistic designs of trees,
flowers and birds that seemed to live.

   The peculiar feature in all these chambers of the
palace was the lack of windows, or any other exterior
openings. Yet the light and ventilation were perfect.

  When the two Rulers had embraced us in true
brotherly fashion, and bidden us to rest well, the
professor and I sat down on our couches and dis-
cussed the many strange happenings of the day. And
long after T heard his first breath of deep sleep, I
was still awake. The day had been too crammed
with unbelievable adventures to allow of sleep.

. I began to think about the Pluonian prisoners. I
had not seen any of them, but Alam, the chief of the
Alanian army, had casually mentioned that they were
confined somewhere in a subterranean chamber of the
palace.

   Presently the overwhelming desire to inspect the
prisoners took possession of me. Very quietly, so as
not to awaken my companion, I rose and left the
room.

  The passage in which I found myself led to a
wide descending stairway. On past the corridor be-
low, in which the banquet hall and music room were
located, I went. Just below this corridor the stair-
way developed into a spiral.

   It was strangely still in the palace. Not the slight-
est sound could be heard, and my footsteps, however
lightly I trod, seemed unnaturally loud. No doubt
everyone was asleep.

   At last 1 came to another passage, more like a tun-
nel, far underground. And as I entered it, I experi-
enced a sudden dread, but with angry pride I sup-

pressed the emotion as childish. Boldly I entered
the long passage.

  Carved out of the solid granite, no doubt with the
wonderful magic of Loalio and other wise men, this
passage seemed to lead into interminable dim dis-
tances, illuminated by the ubiquitous violet radiance.
At regular intervals doors on both sides led to un-
known regions.

  1 passed on and suddenly was sensible of the pres-
ence of living beings somewhere close by. I was
opposite a heavy door of metal. From beyond it
harsh, animal-like sounds, guttural and menacing,
came to my ears.

  I should have turned back then, but the devil of
curiosity within me persisted. Cautiously, 1 placed
mv hand upon the massive latch and pressed down.
With a slight grating sound, the heavy metallic door
swung open. The next moment I staggered back-
ward with sudden fear.

  For there, from behind the grating of thick metal-
lic bars, the face of a green-eyed devil stared out at
me, terrible, repulsive; a Pluonian prisoner.

  Ashamed of my temporary fear, I summoned all
the courage at my command and faced the ape-like
hairy savage, beyond whose body I could see the
forms of others of his kind—grinning, ferocious,
animal-men.

  A voice of warning within my consciousness bade
me slam the outfer door and go back to my couch
above. But I would not listen.

  The flaming green eyes of the Pluonian at the
grating attracted my gaze with the force of a magnet
attracting iron particles. I felt a rapidly increasing
numbness in my brain, my senses began to reel. In
a flash it came over me that the savage was exerting
his terrible volitionary force to overcome me. With
all my remaining will-power I struggled desperately
to resist the dread influence sweeping over me.

  But it was of no avail. I felt myself slipping rap-
idly. And then, like a white-hot bullet into my brain,
came the mental command of the Pluonian: “Open
the grating!”

  Dimly T realized that T must not yield, must not
carry out that command. But seemingly without my
volition my body responded. Like an automaton I
raised the heavy bar of metal that closed the grating
from the outside.

  Suddenly T felt myself flung aside with resistless
force, as evil-smelling bodies rushed past me, hairy,
horrible. T had the sensation of being picked up—
then blackness descended upon my mind.

WITH the sensation of regular rhythmic motion,
consciousness came back to me. I was lying
across the shoulders of a huge Pluonian, bound hand
and foot, who carried me without apparent effort.
All about me was the guttural growling, and the soft
tramping of many bare-footed men. We were pass-
ing through dense primeval forests. Through occa-
sional openings in the heavy foliage far overhead I
glimpsed the rosy sky, and knew that it was early
morning.

  And then, as from my recumbent position T gazed
about cautiously. I saw that which turned my heart
and soul sick with horror. For there, just a few feet
ahead of me two of the savages carried a sort of
hammock which depended from the strong long pole
on their heavily muscled shoulders, and from that
hammock protruded an arm of ivory whiteness, most
BELOW THE INFRA RED

897

beautifully modelled, and a long slender hand that
I would know anywhere.

 THE WOMAN IN THE HAMMOCK WAS EALARA!

  Ealara the beautiful, a prisoner of the semi-human
savage Pluonians! God! What had 1 done! Bit-
terly I regretted my damnable curiosity. But right
there and then I resolved to save Ealara no matter
what the cost.

  The cords on my wrists and ankles hurt terribly,
but that pain was as nothing compared to the tor-
ment in my soul. No doubt she was asleep when the
savages had attacked her; because as Eloli had ex-
plained to us, psychical dominion through the power
of will is far easier during sleep, for then there is no
active will to overcome. Perhaps it had been the
very savage who had dominated me, and had induced
me to open the prison, who had overcome her. He
was unquestionably a leader among the Pluonians,
and therefore more powerful mentally than the
others.

  Hours passed, and still the steady tireless march
of the animal-men continued. And ever my gaze
returned to that white, beautiful arm protruding
from the portable hammock ahead of me, swinging
like a pendulum, lifelessly, until I thought that 1
should go insane.

  From the occasional glimpses upward through the
dense foliage I knew that it was broad daylight.
And yet, in the depths of that strange, dense prime-
val forest, a sort of perpetual twilight prevailed.

  Despite my soul torment I must have fallen into
a doze, from which I awakened as we neared our
destination. From ahead, savage guttural cries and
piercing yells assailed my ears.

  Presently we entered a clearing, at the foot of a
high black cliff wall, along the base of which I per-
ceived a number of irregular openings, the largest
being near the middle.

  In a moment we were surrounded by a great mob
of nude savage children of all ages, and sullen semi-
nude Pluonian women, who stared at me fiercely,
though there was something akin to awe in their
touch of my clothes.

  The huge savage who had carried me tossed me
to the ground like a sack of meal. The impact jarred
every bone in my body, but it cleared my head and
quickened my brain. Disregarding the mob of sav-
ages crowding about me, I exerted myself tremend-
ously and managed to sit up. Thus I was just in
time to see the hammock, with Ealara, being carried
into the largest cave opening.

  “Dear God !—" I prayed in my heart, “—help me
to remedy the evil I have done; aid me to free
Ealara 1”

  I was lying, or rather sitting upon a white crystal-
line ledge of rock that somewhat seemed familiar to
me. I allowed myself to sink down again, twisted
about, and touched my tongue to it experimentally.
As I had guessed, it was pottassium nitrate : but of
such purity as I had never seen on the earth plane.

  At this moment the savage who had carried me,
returned, roughly pushed the crowd of women and
children aside, and cut the bonds from my ankles
with a short stone knife which he carried. He jerked
me brutally to my feet and pushed me ahead of him
toward the main cave.

  Several feet within the entrance a great double
curtain of very heavy cloth obstructed our progress.

My guard parted the curtains at the middle and
pushed me through, following at my heels.

  Involuntarily I recoiled, stepping hard on the toes
of the Pluonian behind me, who emitted an animal-
like yell, for the intense red luminosity of the place
seemed to me for a moment a conflagration.

  The immense cave had been hollowed out by the
hand of Nature, and only in a few places was there
any sign of the touch of man. The walls had been
tinted with a luminous, bright-red substance as far
up as the eye could see, and this was accentuated a
thousandfold by hundreds of fiercely burning torches
that threw an intense red glare. Everywhere, on the
walls and in tall metallic holders, the red torches
hissed and spluttered and glared, illuminating a
scene truly infernal, hellish.

WITH a fierce growl, my guide pushed me for-
ward violently, so that I almost fell. And
now, as I walked forward totteringly, I became con-
scious of other things in that vast cavern-

  A large crowd of Pluonian warriors were assem-
bled about a great throne of a yellow, dully gleaming
substance, shaped like a huge square block, upon
which sat a powerfully built savage, cross-legged.
With the exception of a broad breechcloth of shiny
cloth and fiery red color, and a sort of turban of the
same material, he was nude.

  Behind the throne, sculptured out of black stone,
its large, fiery eyes of a substance akin to ruby,
squatted a gigantic idol, staring straight ahead with
terror-inspiring intensity, its triangular tongue of
crimson protruding several inches from the horrible
gash of a mouth, its unspeakably hideous face grin-
ning, grinning—a veritable nightmare.

  Just below the throne was a wide stone platform,
and on this my searching eyes perceived the motion-
less white figure of a woman. “Ealara!” I cried and
attempted to rush forward.

  But with a crushing grip, my guide grasped my
shoulder and flung me to my knees. “Down, worm !”
he bellowed. “You are in the presence of.Turum,
son of Uruom that was, King of Pluonia!”

  Timidly I raised my gaze to the bestial, sinister
presence above me and met the brooding, fixed stare
of his flaming, reddish eyes, the menace and evil in
which caused quivers of terror to travel up and
down my spine.

  With a tremendous effort of will, I managed to
remove my gaze from the terrible fascination of the
flaming eyes, and again contemplated the inert form
of the white queen on the platform.

  My heart turned sick within me at my absolute
helplessness. She seemed dead: and only by means
of concentrated attention, could I discern the almost
imperceptible rising and falling of her bosom.

  Suddenly I was conscious of a deep, rolling, thun-
derous voice above me. Turum was speaking to the
assembly of savages who pressed all about me, nau-
seating me with the odor from their filthy, hairy
bodies.

  “Warriors!” he began. “To-night, Pluo, the
great spirit of our race, commands that I be crowned
king in the stead of my father, who is no more!”

  He paused, and his glittering gaze fixed itself upon
the body of Ealara, greedily, rapaciously, obscenely.
He pointed to her. and his evil, fiery eyes challenged
his creatures as if he expected opposition. “At
the celebration, she shall become my slave! And
898

AMAZING STORIES

he—” pointing to me, “shall be sacrificed in the fire
to Pluo! I have spoken.”

  His great, hairy fist crashed down upon a sort of
drum that stood by his side, and his challenging stare
swept once more over his warriors. “Let him who
objects speak!”

  But thunderous semi-animal-like shouts of ap-
proval burst from a thousand savage throats as the
warriors slapped themselves upon their hairy chests
with a terrifying noise for emphasis.

  Amidst savage laughter, my guide jerked me bru-
tally to my feet and dragged me into a sort of grotto,
immediately adjoining the central cave, where he
flung me to the rocky floor, cut the remaining bonds
on my wrists, and left the place.

  For a long time I remained where I had fallen,
too miserable to move; my heart burned within me
with the terrible realization of the extent of the evil
I had committed out of curiosity, and my absolute
helplessness to remedy matters. I loved Ealara!
Loved her with every fibre of my being; and the
thought of doom filled me with utter despair.

  I sank to my knees, and prayed with an intensity
that I somehow felt would bring results. With a
new hope and renewed strength I rose to my feet,
just as one of the Pluonians entered with a huge
platter of food, and a stone pitcher of some liquid.
He placed the food upon a block of the same yellow
substance of which the throne in the main cave was
composed, grinned at me evilly, and walked out.

  With a sudden realization of my hunger, I at-
tacked the food. It was evidently broiled venison,
accompanied by a sort of thick, white, roasted root,
that in taste resembled a potato. At first I ate rather
reluctantly, but when I found the food surprisingly
palatable, I literally gorged myself, washing it down
with an occasional draught of water.

  While I was eating I noted that the stony block
which served me as table and chair simultaneously
rocked back and forth with my movements. Glanc-
ing down, I observed that small pieces had been
broken off from its lower edge from contact with
the harder stone floor of the grotto. Casually I
picked up one of the particles and examined it.
There could be no mistake—it was native sulphur
of great purity.

  And suddenly as I was staring at the sulphur in
my hand there entered into my mind a plan of escape
that left me fairly gasping with excitement, for in
a flash I remembered the potassium nitrate outside,
which in combination, would give gunpowder. If

I could obtain some of the nitrate, and charcoal-

  In college, I had been fairly good at chemistry
and had been quite successful with my experiments.
I remembered the formula for gunpowder distinctly.
I stealthily crept toward the entrance of the grotto,
which was connected with the central cave by means
of a sort of tunnel in the shape of an irregular capi-
tal L; the short part being toward the grotto. Cau-
tiously, I peered around the turn. Just inside of
the outer opening, so that he could see what was
going on in the main cave, a huge, bestial Pluonian
stood guard.

  His back was toward me. Silently I crept back
into the grotto. With a dim hope, I began a tour
of exploration. The grotto was very irregular,
formed from the black cliff of evident volcanic
origin, with many ramifications. It seemed discour-
aging, just as I was about to give up hope, my dili-

gent search was amply rewarded, for in the narrow-
est of these branches of the grotto, I came upon a
fine outcrop of the nitrate.

  With the aid of my dinner knife, I managed to
break off a large quantity of the mineral and carried
it to a dish-like cavity in the stone floor, which acted
as my mortar. In a few moments', I had found an
oblong piece of rock that was suited for a pestle.
Feverishly, I set to work grinding the nitrate to a
fine powder.

DURING my grinding operation, I began to de-
vise ways and means for obtaining the requisite
amount of charcoal. At one side of the grotto was
a sort of heavy mat, woven from grasses. No doubt
this was to be my bed. I concentrated upon this
mat, determined that it should furnish me with the
necessary amount of charcoal. There were two
flaming red torches against the walls of the grotto.
At intervals, glowing pieces dropped from them to
the floor, where they remained in a glowing state
for quite a while. Quickly I walked over and pulled
the mat squarely under one of the torches.

  How many hours I worked, I do not know, for
I lost all sense of time. But I now had many pounds
of powdered nitrate and sulphur, and through care-
ful manipulation, nearly the entire upper side of the
straw mat was reduced to charcoal.

  I was completely exhausted. Wearily, I dragged
myself to the mat, turned it over so that the charred
surface was under me, and stretched out on it to
rest a little. When I awoke with a start hours later,
I found that another meal had been served me while
I slept.

  I ate voraciously, and as soon as I had finished
my meal, I began the milling operation again. Sev-
eral times I crept to the turn in the passage to spy
upon my guard and found that at intervals of sev-
eral hours new men were at the post. Evidently
they were certain I could not escape, for not once
did anyone enter the grotto to see what I was doing.
I praised heaven for that.

  Suddenly a weird feeling came over me, as if an
unseen presence were approaching. And even as I
stared incredulously before me, there formed a tall,
oval fog-like phenomenon, growing more luminous
every minute. I sprang to my feet and retreated
in alarm. And then, as I watched in amazement,
there quickly materialized before me, out of thin
air—Loalio.

  He smiled benignly and extended his hands to-
ward me in a tranquilizing gesture. “Fear not, my
friend! I have come to aid you.” He pointed to
himself. “As you no doubt understand, this is not
my physical body, even as yours is not. As master
of the laws of nature, I am able to leave my physical
body whenever I choose, and can travel to any dis-
tance and there clothe myself in a temporary body,
composed of electro-magnetic and vito-chemical sub-
stance, which is everywhere.”

  I marveled. What wonders were possible to the
soul of man! Then I quickly acquainted Loalio
with the vital facts of the case, and showed him the
half finished gun-powder. He smiled gravely and
gently shook his head. “There is.no need for that.
There are greater forces than chemicals that are
changed into gases through fire or percussion.”

  He walked over to me and touched my forehead.
Immediately I seemed to expand all over my body,
BELOW THE INFRA RED

899

and experienced a far greater buoyancy than any I
had yet possessed. 1 glanced down at my body, and
with a shock realized that I was again invisible, as on
the daj' before, when Professor Winter and I had
entered into this strange world. But in a few mo-
ments my vision had become adjusted to the higher
vibration of my body and I could again see both my
own body and that of Loalio, who had again made
himself invisible to ordinary vision.

  With a sign, he invited me to follow him. We
passed right by the guard of the grotto unnoticed.

  It was no doubt evening when we entered the
main cave, like two invisible spirits.

  Turum was being entertained. At the foot of the
sulphur throne a large crimson cloth had been spread
on the stone floor, and the most conspicuous thing
on this improvised table was an immense wooden
platter, placed in the very center, in which lay an
entire huge ox-like animal, evidently freshly roasted,
for it was smoking hot.

  At each end the great roast was flanked by smaller
platters containing smaller roasts, and there were
still other huge dishes containing heaps of the thick
white boiled root that I myself had eaten; and there
were many other unknown edibles in great quantities.
Great jugs of stone contained liquid refreshment.

  In the middle of the spread, with his back toward
the throne, Turum presided. At each side of him
and surrounding the cloth, his warrior chiefs were
enjoying themselves; everywhere about the immense
chamber similar but simpler spreads were placed for
the rest of the warriors—at least two thousand.

  Table manners were evidently unknown, for they
were feeding like a pack of hungry wolves. Their
method was simple. The warriors grasped a con-
venient corner of the roast in front of them with
one hand, while with the stone knife in the other
they hacked off whatever they deemed immediately
necessary.

  And while the meal was in progress there was
music and dancing. And such music! And such
dancing! Seated cross-legged, crouching like great
simians, and in various recumbent positions, the
bestial warriors fed and watched the show.

  At one side, to the right of Tarum, was a high
stone platform, and on this, accompanied by a hor-
rible discordant blatant noise which could hardly be
called music, were seven men and seven women,
swaying, whirling and gyrating in a series of mo-
tions and postures that were vile and obscene.

  The orchestra, composed of reed pipes, great ani-
mal horns, and various kinds of drums, was seated
at one edge of the platform. If anyone can imagine
the combined noise and barbaric discord of a large
Chinese orchestra, a dozen Scotch bagpipes com-
pletely out of tune, and a few African tom-toms, he
can about imagine the effect.

  The whole scene, the musicians, the glistening
hairy bodies of the dancers, the feeding warriors, the
guttural deep ape-like tones of approval and shouts
of delight, and the crimson bright light tinging every-
thing with a blood-red color, might well have repre-
sented a part of the infernal regions.

  That horrible crowd resembled the legendary de-
mons of hell, as no other creatures could have done.

  Only a few minutes we stood there contemplating
the nauseating spectacle. Then my venerated com-
panion touched my arm and pointed to the throne of
sulphur behind the savage king.

  I looked and my heart leaped. For there upon
the great block of sulphur, bedded on shining crim-
son cloth which vividly accentuated her angelic
whiteness, I saw the object of my, adoration and
love—Ealara.

UNSEEN and unheard by the savages we quickly
approached the throne, and bent over her with
anxious concern. Apparently she was still in the
grip of the hellish power which during her sleep
had robbed her of her consciousness and self-con-
trol.

  With a shudder I realized that she would be held
thus until she had become the plaything of Turum
that very night. Loalio bent down and touched her
forehead with the tips of his fingers of his right
hand. With great joy I soon realized that he
rendered her physical body invisible to the savages.
Both he and I, however, could see her spiritual body,
just as we were able to see each other.

  And even as I picked my love up in my arms
at the command of the wise man and carried her
toward the entrance, a great shout went up from the
Pluonians. They had suddenly discovered that their
fair prisoner was missing from the throne.

  In a moment the place was in an uproar, an in-
ferno of sound.

  Agitated and driven on by the terrible booming
of Turum’s voice, a frantic search was begun, ex-
tending to every nook and corner of the vast cavern.
Torches were torn from their fastenings in order
to facilitate the hunt for the missing royal prisoner.

  And through it all, serene in our invisible condi-
tion, Loalio and I quickly made our way to the
screened entrance. We had barely reached it when
a sudden thought evidently struck Turum, that in
some unaccountable manner the royal fugitive might
have made her way out of the main entrance, for his
bellow directed the searchers in that direction, him-
self leading.

  Loalio suddenly raised his arms upward with a
waving motion. For a moment there was a terrific
atmospheric tension. Then, when the savages were
within a few yards of the entrance, a sudden ava-
lanche of rock descended upon them with a terrific
roar, burying them from our sight. A wild horrible
yell from a thousand savage throats, and then—
silence.

  As we stepped out into the open, the venerable
master touched the rock at the side of the entrance.
Again I witnessed the phenomenon of rock changing
into a cloud of floating molecules, light as breath.
The cloud phenomenon, now luminous, covered the
entire entrance. Quickly it grew more dense, and
when the luminosity disappeared, I stared in awe.

  Where a couple of minutes before had been a great
opening, a solid smooth wall of hard impenetrable
rock confronted us.

  From the many smaller caves a multitude of older
men, women and children emerged, streaming to-
ward the former opening to the central cave. And
even as we, invisible to them, moved away, the air
was filled and made hideous by their piercing animal
cries and shrieks of astonishment, fear and hatred
when they saw the solid rock closing up the former
entrance and simply realized perhaps that something
strange and terrible had entombed their king and
his warriors.

  Loalio gazed at them a few moments and his
900

AMAZING STORIES

face was stern as he spoke: “It was a terrible thing
to do, but I had no choice in the matter. They
would have declared war against Alania at once,
and perhaps thousands of innocent people would
have had to suffer.

  I was still carrying my unconscious love in my
arms, and was wondering if Loalio would awaken
her from her trance before we continued on our
way, when he stopped and looked at me. “Fear not
what you are about to experience, but trust me
utterly!”

  Without hesitation, I nodded in acquiescence. He
placed his right arm firmly about my shoulders, and
again his face assumed the fixed intent expression
of intense concentrated mental power.

  The next moment I felt myself rising high into the
air, and traveling with inconceivable speed.

  According to terrestrial time the phenomenon en-
dured barely more than a minute or two. I distinctly
got the impression of dark forests, open spaces and
rivers receding beneath me in a blurred, lightning-
lik^ procession, but was not conscious of wind or
impact against the air. And then—suddenly, I felt
solid ground beneath my feet. I landed softly as
down once more in the garden of the palace of
Alania.

  Elolio and Professor Winter evidently had ex-
pected our coming, and greeted us with sincere de-
light. They wanted to relieve me of my precious
burden, but I insisted on carrying Ealara myself
into her own simple chamber of rest, where Loalio
broke the evil power which had held her in its grip.

  Suddenly she opened her wonderful eyes, and
gazed in bewilderment, first at me and then at the
others. A smile transformed her face into tran-
scendent beauty as she raised herself to a sitting pos-
ture.

  “What has happened? Why are all of you act-
ing so strangely?” she inquired. Evidently she re-
membered nothing.

  And then it was that I sank to my knees, and
with humbly bowed bead, told of my curiosity and
its fatal consequences, and begged her pardon fpr my
contemptible lack of self-control.

  Softly she placed her hands upon my bowed head,
and her voice was like the sweetest music in my
ears. “My dear, dear friend; it was but a passing
weakness on your part. Who am I to condemn
you for it?”

  When at last I dared to raise my head and gaze
timidly into her eyes, I saw such a light of tender-
ness and love radiate from her eyes, that I forgot
everything but my great love for her; and on the
crest of the tidal wave of my emotion, I swept her,
a very willing prisoner, into my arms. Only then
did I realize that the others had left us to' ourselves.

  Never had I imagined such rapture and delicious-
ness as I experienced in those never-to-be-forgotten
moments. . . .

  At last I knew, as an eternal truth, that which the
wise men of humanity, the masters of the law. have
thought for ages: that complete happiness can be
attained only when two perfectly attuned souls of
the opposite sex meet and are united by a bond ever-
lasting; a bond that a thousand deaths could not
break; a union indissoluble and eternal. At last
I had found my soul-mate.

  How long we were there in that embrace of utter
bliss, I do not know—it might have been minutes,

it might have been hours, days or eons. Then sud-
denly an unutterable darkness descended upon my
mind, and I had the sensation of falling, falling
through a limitless void; I seemed to hear the cry of
my love's fear from an infinite distance, and then—
oblivion.

<<T)ARTON! Barton! For God’s sake answer

  JJ me!”

  The words seemed to come from a vast distance,
and I became dimly aware that someone was shak-
ing me violently. With all my power of will I strug-
gled to throw off the lethargic leaden heaviness that
enthralled me soul and body.

  With a tremendous effort I finally managed to
open my eyes to see the anxious face of Professor
Winter bending over me. With his help, I man-
aged to sit up, and stared about me in a daze.

  With a shock it suddenly came to me that we
were in the scientist’s library. I had been lying on
the floor in front of the great mechanical chair from
which I had started on my strange voyage to the
land below the infra-red, from which I had evidently
fallen to the floor.

  On the other side of me, supporting me with
trembling hands, was Summer, the old factotum
of the professor, whose staring eyes and pale face
indicated that he had passed through an experience
of intense fear.

  What had happened? In some unaccountable
manner we had been suddenly re-transferred from
the delightful land of Alania to our own drab and
prosaic world.

  “Thank God that you are all right!” exclaimed
my friend fervently as he drew a deep breath of
relief. “For a minute I was terribly afraid that
your cardiac action had stopped,” he added.

  “What—what on earth has happened?” T stam-
mered feebly, while they helped me to a comfortable
chair. I was still very much confused mentally be-
cause of the sudden change.

  The scientist seated himself at my side and ex-
plained gently: “You see—there was a severe elec-
trical storm. The lightning struck one of the main
transmission lines and burned out several of the
primary transformers at the nearest sub-station.

  “Naturally this put the whole station out of busi-
ness, with the result that all the current was cut
off, and the apparatus here stopped.” He pointed
to the silent machinery on the two tables and con-
tinued :

  “As the machines slowed down, the vibrations of
our physical bodies in the chairs here decreased in
proportion, and came back gradually to normal,
which variation in turn was transmitted to our spiri-
tual bodies on the sub-infra-red plane by means of
the invisible cord of magnetism which ever connects
the physical and spiritual bodies until death itself
disrupts it.

  “Now then, of course the more normal our vibra-
tions became, the more we withdrew from the other
plane of existence, and the closer we approached
our terrestrial plane again. The attraction between
the physical and spiritual bodies increased gradu-
ally until the soul, encased in its spiritual body, en-
tered into its earthly shell again, and—here we are.”

  I nodded in slow, sad comprehension. “And so
we are back again in the hum-drum existence of our
own dreary world.” With a sudden mental wave
BELOW THE INFRA RED

901

of misery I buried my face in my hands and groaned
aloud with disappointment. “And just as Ealara,

my wonderful soul-mate and 1-” My voice

broke and 1 could not finish.

  My companion placed a gentle comforting hand
upon my shoulder. "Dear friend,” he began, with
the deep, full tone of genuine sympathy in his voice.
"I understand! But I promise you, upon my honor,
that as soon as I have prepared a paper for the So-
ciety of Psychical Research, covering our experiences
upon the plane of the sub-infra-red in detail, we shall
again venture into the delightful land of the Alan-
ians, our wonderful and wise friends.”

  With renewed hope in my heart at the thought
that I would soon be with Ealara again, I went home.
Strange how heavy and uncouth my physical body
felt after the delightful lightness and buoyancy of
my spiritual body, encased in its covering of sub-
infra-red matter!

  At an early hour the next day, my telephone rang
wildly. I was still in bed. Sleepily I lifted the
receiver. Summer was on the wire, his voice quiver-
ing and trembling with deep emotion and grief.

  “Mister Barton, please come at once! Professor
Winter is dying!”

  I was awake in an instant. “Did T understand
you to say that my friend was dying?” I cried
horrified.

  “Yes, sir, it is true; Doctor Evans is with him
now!”

In a voice choking with emotion I promised to
come at once. With lightning speed I began to dress.

  I could not bring myself to believe what I had
heard. When I had left my friend the day before,
he had seemed to be at the maximum of health,
strength and energy, mentally and physically, en-
thusiastic at the prospect of preparing the papers of
our adventures for the Society of Psychical Research

and now-

  Summers, who was visibly agitated, led me straight
to the professor’s bed-room. Doctor Evans, an
elderly and highly capable physician, the life-long
friend of Professor Winter, was seated at his bed-
side when I entered.

  My scientific friend gazed up at me with a brave
smile as I leaned over him and silently took his
hand.

  “Well-” he began, in a faint voice, “-it

seems that the old heart was not able to stand the
strain after all. The attack came suddenly, about
two hours ago. I had been up all night, arranging
notes for my manuscript.”

  He indicated the. doctor with a feeble gesture,
and his lips twitched humorously. “Frank here savs
it’s extreme valvular endocarditis. T suggested put-
ting in new valves as you would into an automobile,
but he did not seem willing. So T suppose it means
that the old heart is going to stop soon.”

  Appalled, I stared at the doctor, who answered
my mute question with a sad nod of his head. “I
have done all I could; I warned him some time ago,
but he would not listen.”

  The dying man spoke to me again, but his voice
was much feebler, and there was earnest, deep ap-
peal in his eyes as I bent down to hear his last
words.

  “Barton, before I pass on to the higher world to
continue my studies of the mysteries of nature, I
want your promise to do me a very great favor.”

  I nodded with ready acquiescence. “Certainly!
Gladly.”

  He smiled with relief. But I had to bend close
to his mouth to hear. “Then, since I cannot do it
myself, will you promise to acquaint humanity with
our experiences in your own way?”

  I nodded silently, and gave him my hand to em-
phasize my promise. I felt his feeble, grateful grip.
And a few minutes later, still retaining his grip on
my hand, his great fine soul passed out from its ter-
restrial shell, to enter upon his greater, finer, and
more lofty labors and duties in the world beyond.

THE STATEMENT OF DR. EVANS

A SHORT time after the demise of my dearly
esteemed life-long friend. Professor Carl
Winter, his servant, Carl Summer, who, pend-
ing the settlement of the professor’s estate, had been
left in charge of the latter’s residence, called me up
on the telephone, and begged me to hurry over to the
house, as something very terrible had happened.

  When I arrived, Summer, who was in a mental
state bordering upon collapse, conducted me to the
library, where I found Mr. John Barton, a friend
of the professor, with whom he had conducted some
secret experiments of importance, seated in a large
chair of peculiar'mechanical construction, in an at-
titude which at once indicated to me that he was
dead.

  He had on a head-dress which resembled an avi-
tor’s cap, with exceptionally heavy goggles. A num-
ber of wires ran from- the front and sides of the
cap to a complicated apparatus at his right hand,
upon a table of very massive construction.

  There were two of these chairs and mechanical
tables. The old servant pointed to the apparatus,
and there was positive intense hatred in his eyes and
voice as he cried:

  “It’s a devil machine, sir! And it killed both
Professor Winter and his friend !”

  My immediate thorough examination corroborated
beyond all doubt my first conclusion that Mr. Barton
was really dead.

  Summer, upon being questioned, stated that Bar-
ton had that day come and had immediately gone
to the library. A few minutes later the old servant
had heard him start the machinery on the table.
Having a premonition of disaster, he had crept to
the closed door and had tremblingly listened.

  Suddenly there had been a loud shriek from the
machinery, and a horrible groan from Barton.
Wrenching open the door, Summer had rushed in-
side and had pulled out the main switch on the wall,
which he knew controlled the machinery. But he
had been too late. Something had gone wrong with
the machinery, and it had cost Barton his life.

  The very next day I received a bulky registered
package by mail from Barton, dated a day earlier.
The package included a manuscript and a letter which
explained many things.

  Evidently Barton knew that he was going to his
death, for he had left his entire fortune to charity,
and before his fatal experiment, had written the
entire manuscript, in compliance with the dying re-
quest of my friend, Professor Winter.

In his letter to me, Barton requested me to publish
902

AMAZING STORIES

the manuscript he had written, and told me that
he was going to try to reach his soul mate, the
woman he loved on the plane below the infra-red.
I have carried out the request as a sacred trust

to both Barton and my dear friend, Professor Win-
ter, and must let the world judge the merit or
demerit of the case.

(Signed) Frank Evans, M.D.

THE END

ROBUR THE CONQUEROR

           By Jules Verne

               (Concluded from page 849)

there by several peaks, lost in the snows that bounded
the horizon.

  Leaning against the fore-cabin, so as to keep
their places notwithstanding the speed of the ship,
they watched these colossal masses, which seemed to
be running away from the aeronef.

  “The Himalayas, evidently,” said Phil Evans;
“and probably Robur is going round their base, so
as to pass into India.”

  “So much the worse,” answered Uncle Prudent.
“On that immense territory we shall perhaps be able
to-”

  “Unless he goes round by Burmah to the east, or
Nepaul to the west.”

  “Anyhow, I defy him to go through them.”

  “Indeed!” said a voice.

  The next day, the 28th of June, the Albatross
was in front of the huge mass above the province
of Zang. On the other side of the chain was the
province of Nepaul. These ranges block the road
into India from the north. The two northern ones,
between which the aeronef was gliding like a ship
between enormous reefs, are the first steps of the
Central Asian barrier. The first was the Kuen Lung,
the other the Karakorum, bordering the longitudi-
nal valley parallel to the Himalayas, from which the
Indus flows to the west and the Brahmapootra to the
east.

  What a superb orographical system! More than
two hundred summits have been measured, seven-
teen of which exceed twenty-five thousand feet. In
front of the Albatross, at a height of twenty-nine
thousand feet, towered Mount Everest. To the right
was Dhawalagiri, reaching twenty-six thousand eight
hundred feet, and relegated to second place since the
measurement of Mount Everest.

  Evidently Robur did not intend to go over the top
of these peaks; but probably he knew the passes of
the Himalayas, among others that of Ibi Ganim,

which the brothers Schlagintweit traversed in 1856
at a height of twenty-two thousand feet. And to-
wards it he went.

  Several hours,of palpitation, becoming quite pain-
ful, followed; and*although the rarefaction of the air
was not such as to necessitate recourse being had to
the special apparatus for renewing the oxygen in the
cabins, the cold was excessive.

  Robur stood in the bow, his sturdy figure wrapped
in a great-coat. He gave the orders, while Tom
Turner was at the helm. The engineer kept an at-
tentive watch on his batteries, the acid in which for-
tunately ran no risk of congelation. The screws,
running at the full strength of the current, gave
forth a note of intense shrillness in spite of the low
density of the air. The barometer showed twenty-
three thousand feet in altitude.

  Magnificent was the grouping of the chaos of
mountains! Everywhere were brilliant white sum-
mits. There were no lakes, but glaciers descending
ten thousand feet towards the base. There was no
herbage, only a few phanerogams on the limit of
vegetable life. Down on the lower flanks of the
range were splendid forests of pines and cedars.
Here were none of the gigantic ferns and inter-
minable parasites stretching from tree to tree as in
the thickets of the jungle. There were no animals
—no wild horses, or yaks, or Thibetan bulls. Occa-
sionally a sacred gazelle showed itself far down the
slopes. There were no birds, save a couple of those
crows which can rise to the utmost limits of the
respirable air.

  The pass at last was traversed. The Albatross
began to descend. Coming from the hills out of
the forest region there was now beneath them an
immense plain stretching far and wide.

  Then Robur stepped up to his guests, and in a
pleasant voice remarked, “India, gentlemen!”

END OF PART I

                                                                            
  lull l.illliillllllll)ll.llit;i!.llill!li!lliUIII!lilllUIIII ...........1 
Discussion

             In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
             directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal fee

of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

AN INGENIOUS CRITICISM AFFECTING FREQUENCY OF ETHER WAVES

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I am an interested reader of your Amazing
Stories, and not to take up too much of your
valuable time, I will be brief.

  In the story, “Around the Universe,” by Ray
Cummings, the author fails to take any account
of the high speed effect of his Space Flier on
the vibrations of light.

  If the rate of red vibrations is to that of violet
as 8:15, a speed of 186,000 miles per second would
cause the light coming from ahead to reach up
inio the ultra-violet scale, and the light of the world

behind would sink down the scale and be smothered
in infra-red darkness, to reappear again ahead,
as the Flier is cutting the vibrations from behind.
With increase of speed, these vibrations would
rise in the scale, until they, too, would disappear
beyond the ultra-violet. Furthermore, catching up
with the vibrations and cutting them the reverse
way, would make the world they were leaving
seem to recede ahead. There would be several
more fantastic developments, e. g., in the case of
the light coming in at an angle.

  Yet at the rate of 740,000,000 miles per second,

 / the author has the stars ahead open up and sepa-
 rate and close up again behind.

   At that rate, and a higher one, the Creator alone
 knows what the increased vibrations would do to
 the electrons and protons that are supposed to con-
 stitute the atoms of a Flyer or any people therein.

   For the next trip Cummings might fix up -a
 speedometer out of the spectroscope and a delicate
 gravitational indicator might serve to indicate the
 regions most nearly void of matter.

W. P. Wuebben, Donnellson, la.

(Continued on page 904)
AMAZING STORIES

903

CONSTITUTION

Size: 30" high; 32" lone; 10" wide
(overall)

  We will supply the parts for the Constitution (Old
Ironsides) cut to fit and ready to assemble for $6.98. This
price includes every part necessary for constructing the
complete model. Full instructions for assembling Old
Ironsides are included with each kit. A diagram of parts,
showing the number of the parts and just exactly how to
piece together the model, make it impossible for you to
make a mistake. Other beautiful ship models can be built
from our cut to fit and ready to assemble parts. We have
kits for the Santa Maria, the La Pinta and the Mayflower
at $4.98 each.

You can build a beautiful Ship
Model as low as $4.98 or a Loud-
speaker Ship Model for $12.50 with
your own hands in a few hours of
pleasant pastime from parts, cut to
fit and ready to assemble, supplied
by the largest builders of ship
models in the world.

A fifteen-year-old school boy won
first prize in a model building con-
test with a Constitution model built
from our kit of parts. More than

1,000	models were entered in this
contest.

LA PINTA

A ship model loud speaker
Size: 26" high; 27" long; 12" wide (overall)

  This is the most beautiful loud speaker on the market.
We will supply you with all parts necessary and complete
instructions for building this beautiful loud speaker ship
model. The price of $12.50 also includes the melody
sail and loud speaker unit. The unit is of the Electro
Magnet type and does not require power amplification
to bring out the low notes as it gives faithful reproduc-
tion at all frequencies. The mainmast is deeply imbedded
in the solid wood hull and the unit is attached to this
mast, making it impossible for counter-vibrations to affect
reproduction.

A USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL HOME DECORATION

  No doubt you have often admired ship models and
 vearned to possess one but could not do so because the
 price was too high. Let the WORLD’S LARGEST
 BUILDERS OF SHIP MODELS AND SHIP MODEL
 LOUD SPEAKERS supply you with all the necessary
 parts, cut to fit and ready to assemble from which you
 can build a beautiful model.

   You need not know anything about ship building or
 carpenter work in order to build one of these ships. No
 special knowledge of ship model building is necessary
 either. We will supply all the parts, from the hull down
 to the smallest piece, all cut to fit and ready to assemble.
 You cannot go wrong. Diagrams and plans of parts
 that are included with each kit tell exactly what to do
 with each part.

   These plans show you step by step just how the model
 is constructed. Everything is made so simple that even a
 small child can build a beautiful model.

   All you need is a small hammer to tap the parts into place.
 Here is a part of the instructions copied word for word from the
 diagram and instruction sheet that goes with the kits. 1 ake
 part No 57 place it in front end of part No. 56 and tap lightly
 with a hammer. Next take part No. 58 and place it up against
 No. 57 and tap it with a hammer to bring it into place.

MINIATURE SHIP MODELS, Inc.

3818-20-22-24 Baring St., Philadelphia, Pa.

Canadian Branch: 1485 Bleury St., Montreal, Canada
Canadian Prices Slightly Higher. Sand all Caandian Orders
!• QmadiaM Oft...

  Easy! Nothing simpler. The instructions are like that
from beginning to end. Do this and that and before you
realize it a beautiful ship model has grown before your
eyes.

   Write for our free, beautifully illustrated catalog, which
contains photographs of all our models together with com-
plete details and price of each. We will send this catalog
without obligation to you. Fill in the coupon below and
we will act upon it immediately.

   If, after assembling- the model according to our instruc-
   tions, you do not think it worth many times the purchase
   price, return it to us in good condition and we will gladly
   refund your money.

 r'

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

MINIATURE SHIP MODELS, Inc., DEPT. M3
3818-20-22-24 Baring St., Phila., Pa.

   Please send me complete parts, cut to fit and ready to assemble
for the Constitution, $6.98 O ; Santa Maria, $4.98 O ; La Pinta,
$4.98 O; Mayflower, $4.98 □. Melody Ships: La Pinta,
$12.50 □ ; Santa Maria, $12.50 □; Mayflower, $12.50 a. I
will pay postman purchase price plus postage (a few cents).
Check which model you want shipped.

  PLKASk PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS PLAINLY.

Name ......................................................

Street or R. F. D.......................................«...

City .......................................................

State.......................................................
904	AMAZING STORIES

Student Receives 350
Fora few Cartoons

JUST read the following “straight
from the shoulder” letter and you’ll
see why we say that the Washington
School of Cartooning can prepare you
for the big pay field of Cartooning, in
your spare time, at home, by mail,

  “The enclosed cartoons,” says O. A.
Pokrandt, a Wisconsin student, “are
samples of my progress in drawing. I
have received $250 for these and the en-
closed letter will show that I have a
ready market for my work in the future.
The making of cartoons has been one
round of pleasure and enjoyment as well
as profitable to me.”

Cartooning Pays Big

  There s no more attractive or highly paid
profession today than Cartooning. Millions
of dollars are spent every year on cartoons.
Capable cartoonists earn from $50 to $250 a
week. Learn to draw side-splitting comics—
right at home in spare time through this
amazing method that has already been tested
and proved by many Washington School
Graduates. No special talent or previous
training needed. No drudgery. And in a
very short time you should be ready to make
money drawing cartoons.

Send for FREE Book

  A new handsomely illustrated book has just been
printed, which gives all the most up-to-date in-
formation on the wonderful opportunities in Car-
tooning, and shows how this startling method
enables you to enter this field. It tells all about
our students—their success—twhat they say—actual
reproductions of their work—how they made quick
profits while studying. This attractive book will
be sent without cost or obligation. Send for it.
Mail coupon NOW. No obligation. (No sales-
man will call.)

WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF CARTOONING

Room 2612-E. I I 13-15th St., N. W.

Washington, D. C.

Washington School of Cartooning,

Room 2612-E, 1113-15th St., N.W., Washington, D.C.

Please send me without obligation, your illustrated FREE
BOOKLET on Cartooning and offer to new students.

Name ...........................................

   (Write Name Plainly) State whether Mr., Miss or Mrs.

Address .........................................

City .......................... State.............

A*e .........................................

Oept. G303
108 N.
State St.
Chicago
III.

Tho Old
Roliablo
Credit
lewelers

BR0S.aC0.EHiS

VIAnUNIBiSr US

Genuine Diamonds Guaranteed
CASH OR CREDIT >

 . Beautiful Diamonds for Christmas!

 Diamonds for Christmas at a great savingl Daz-
 zling gems of fine blue white color—all special
 importations—exquisitely set in mountings of
 solid 18-k white gold. Buy direct from Loftis,
 the importer, and save what others pay to mid-
 dlemen. Order now—direct from this ad 1

       \\WII//y Satisfaction guaranteed, or. \\\ 11///,
                 money back. Goods sent
                 f?r your frea OXamina-

down; 'balance weokjr*.

No	your convenience. Ali

877	Kood‘, delivered on first	«

vlf W Tc-is-s, 11 N<,i"a

M Catalog Free! *2.50

                 Big 132-page book, il-
                 luatrating our Dia-
                 mondg. Watches,

                Jowdry, Silver—

                 yare’ anc* R'^c Qr~

ff	ticlca for all occa-

 V No. laHilr •'°na, sent absolutely
 ’ 679	treo. Write today.

*150 ARr	A	e«*

$3.75	137.60

  's. Rectangular

  Wrist Watch No. 868i

  Solid 14-k white gold. ;
  16 Jewels. Gold filled
  N bracelet to match. $36.

  S3.60 down, $3.60 a month.

Attractive money making op-	Kgrafft

portunities in Portrait, Com- *

mercial and News Photography,

or Get Into Motion Picture i>2\	/v

Photography. Camera Men Siyi

Earn $50 to $250 a Week, ji	,

Fascinating Work; in big de-	Amof J/d

mand. You can learn at Homo	jjL/j

or In our N. Y. Studios.

FREE BOOK Tells How—

How to preparo for High	hi&L/MfBA

■Salaried position.

How to start your own business. /wTfrf ' ‘

How to make money in sparo
time.

Write for this big illustrated
Book and Job Chart today—FREE.

N.Y. INSTITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY. Dept. 103
10 West 33rd Street, New York, N. Y.

   -J	Fine Tone

ifiJlU Musical Instruments

Yonrchoieeof a Violin. Tenor Banjo. Hawaiian Guitar. Banjo.Cornet.
Ukulelo. Banjo Ukulele, Guitar, Mandolin or Banjo Mandolin. You will
be proud to own any one of the8o instruments ana wo will give you on®
witnout cost. A few cents a day for Iossons is your only exponso. Our
system or teaching is ao easy that you can play soveral pieces by note
witn tho first four leusons. We gunrantco success or no charge. In-
strument and leftsona sent on one week’s free trial. Write for book-
let today, no obligation. Over 200.000 satisfied pupils.

CHICAGO CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF MUSIC. INC.

FOURTH DIMENSION STORIES AND IN-
TERPLANETARY VOYAGING ASKED FOR

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Will you let a “longhorn” Texan “horn in” on
the “Letters from the Readers” column? I have
been reading Amazing Stories since the first issue.
Indeed, it is the only fiction magazine that I read
regularly. Wild west stories and the old thread-
bare love plots long ago ceased to thrill me. I be-
gan searching for “out-of-the-ordinary” stories in
libraries and in the current magazines. I soon read
all of Wells, Verne, Defoe, Poe and the few other
older classic writers of this type # of story and I
began wishing that some enterprising editor would
publish a magazine featuring this kind of story.
Amazing Stories is a very satisfactory materializa-
tion of this wish.

  I have just finished reading Ray Cummings’
“Around the Universe” and found it not only enter-
taining but artistic in the extreme from the stand-
point of short story technique. The dream character
of Sir Isaac impersonating the well-known writers
of scientifiction was entirely pleasing. However, it
seems to me that Mr. Cummings overstepped the
bounds of good science—or even dream scicnce—
when he placed a solid encompassing shell about the
atom. To have had the Professor, Tubby and
Ameena plunge into the realm of Empyrean Fire
of the old Ptolemaic theorists would have been just
as scientific. But no matter, Mr. Cummings suc-
ceeded in t putting over some good lessons in
astronomy in a little more pleasing language than
one usually finds in textbooks.

  Of all the stories published in our magazine to
date I liked Serviss’ “The Second Deluge” best.
Being an astronomer myself in a more or less ama-
teurish sort of way, I know Mr. Serviss as an au-
thority on modern astronomy, as well as a weaver
of charming tales. At least one such serial a year
from the pen of Mr. Serviss would greatly enhance
the value of the magazine to me. I think the read-
ers are also fortunate in getting the new stories of
II. G. Wells—as well as his older stuff. I consider
Mr. Wells one of the most far-sighted thinkers of
our age. His ability to forecast scientific progress
and achievement of the future is almost uncanny,
as evidenced by some of his older scientifiction
novels, such as “When the Sleeper Awakes” and
“The War in the Air,” and short stories like
“Armageddon,” “In the Days of the Comet,” etc.

  Only one story has appeared in Amazing Stories
so far that I could not seem to like. That was “Red
Dust.” In fact, I much prefer stories like “The
Visitation,” in which the whole theme is optimistic,
and the destiny of the human race is painted in
brighter colors. Don’t we see enough of the morbid
in real life without bringing it too forcibly into
fiction? After all, isn’t it just as probable that an
invading race from Mars or Venus would bring
good to the world as bad?

  Please give us more Fourth Dimensional stories.
T consider this one of the most interesting subjects
of modern science. Relativity and the Fourth
Dimension have already radically changed our scien-
tific thought. What our ideas and conceptions of
the universe will be one hundred years hence no
one can say, but it is a safe bet such conceptions
will be molded to a great extent by relative and
ultra-three-dimensional mathematics.

  In closing may I repeat that Amazing Stories
fills a long felt want in my reading diet. May it
prosper and grow far into the future of which its
authors dream. May it be a true prophet of scien-
tific achievements to come as its sister Gernsback
publications have been.

                             Sterling Bunch,

                              Fort Worth, Tex.

  [We firmly believe that, if the stories we publish
were restricted to absolute fact, with the imagina-
tion of the authors permitted to go only into the
realm of cold actuality, much of the interest of
Amazing Stories would vanish.

  We are surprised at your views of the story,
“The Red Dust,” even if it is not optimistic. The
majority of our readers found a good deal of charm
in the presentation of the primitive life and in the
suggestion which it carried of a future develop-
ment, and of the process of education through the
generations.—EDITOR.]

THE SEMI-MONTHLY MAGAZINE—MORE
ABOUT RAY CUMMINGS’ "UNIVERSE”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I have been wanting to write you and commend
you on your wonderful magazine for some time,
but owing to my inability to type fast I have 110
attempted it.

  Before I say anything I wish to emphasize mj
desire for a semi-monthly magazine. In your Oc-
tober issue, Raymond Jaureguy gives a reason for
not putting the magazine out twice a month, which
is that in the average home five dollars a year is
too large a sum to pay for a magazine.

  As you say that a greater part of the magazine’s
circulation is at the news stands I am sure that
those who buy it every month could dig up twenty-
five cents twice a month instead if they appreciate
the stories as much as “Discussions” testify. What
do you think, Mr. Editor?

  I never dare to bring an issue of Amazing
Stories to school (as I have done) because I know
that I would have very little left to read myself
when the day is ended.

  And now for a bit to say about the stories them-
selves. S‘rr>nrr“	!* n'ov	4..:a„
AMAZING STORIES

905

  — for Dealers, Community Set Builders, General Repairmen and Agents —

Be sure to get this great 100-page book with net prices to the radio trade.

    Radio Specialty Company is radio's oldest radio parts mail order house in the country, and the new confidential prices on
    standard radio merchandise are the lowest of any radio house.

    We are ready now to appoint additional agents in all parts of the country. If you care contemplating making big money in
    radio merchandise, be (ure to get in touch with us at once.

WHEN WRITING

TO US,

FROM RADIO’S OLDEST
MAIL ORDER HOUSE

 WE are the oldest established, exclusive radio mail order house in the
 country. Our motto is "Quick Shipment.” All orders are shipped
 within 24 hours. Quick, prompt, courteous Bcrvice. We carry a large
 variety of rad«o parts and findings than any radio houso in the country.

“RASCO HAS IT

    If you aro in need of certain small radio parts that other radio and
 mail order houses do not bother lo carry, get the Rasco parts catalog
 and you will find them there, anything from a screw to copper ribbon and
 telephone diaphragms, as well as thousands of other small radio findings.
 Just to mention a few:

    Lugs. nuts, dials, vernier dials, jacks, plugs, every kind of knob, cords,
 panels, screws, sliders, washers, selenium, tinfoil, switches, crystals, cap
 nuts. Lit/, wire, cord tips, brass rods, resistances, name plates, spring
 binding posts, switch parts, metal ribbon, carbon balls, binding posts,
 all types, switch points, switch levers, lock washers, carbon grains, ground
 clamps, metal pointers, insulated tubing, low melting metal, antenna con-
 nectors, bus bar wire, as well as thousands of other articles.

    We carry the Largest Variety of Small Radio Parts In the World.

BUT We also carry ALL standard radio merchandise.

ANYTHING IN RADIO

RADIO SPECIALTY CO.. 94A PARK PLACE. NEW YORK CITY, N. Y.
‘JOG

AMAZING STORIES

Sensational New
Trench Invention gives

qA Perfect
MarceWave

in 15 minutes— cost 2 r

    Not a concoction from a bottle—not a
    sticky, messy lotion—not a "trick” brush
    —not a "magic” cap—not an antiquated
    *'curling” devicc — not a "scientific” sub-
    stitute or the old-fashioned kid curler.
    This amazing French invention is positively
    guaranteed actually to marcel wave any head
    of hair in 15 minutes at a cost of less than 2c.

By Mile. Renee Duval

 FROM Paris I have brought to American women
 the greatest beauty secrct of all time. French
 hairdressers have guarded it jealously for
 many years. This secret will enhance the beauty
 of any woman’s hair a hundred fold. And there is
 but one simple, easy thing to do. Now
 every American woman and girl can
 know, for the first time, the real and
 true secret of the French woman's
 always perfectly marcelled hair—i
 thing that has

caused Ameri-
can women
much amaze-
ment.

AGENTS!

 Men and Women

  Marcelwaver Is taking
  American women by
  storm. Biggest earn-
  ings over being mado
  by agents every who ro.
  You must get in on
  ground floor before all
  territory is taken.
  Send — today — for
  complete information
  —all FREE!

Sim pie to

                 U se—Perfect
                 in Results

  It is so simple—a small, inexpensive.
  •*asy-to-uso thing—the invention of a
  famous French hairdresser—it is called
  the Mnrcclwaver. I brought it
  ^ to America—my friends hero
  perfected It—then sent it to
  1.000 American women to try
  for themselves. It gave such per-
  fect results—proved of such
  great convenience — saved those
  who tried it so much money—
  that every one of these 1.000
  women asked to keep it—and
  their friends sent me orders for
  thousands of Marcelwavers.

        This Secret Yours FREE!
        Do not send me money — just
        your name and address on the
        coupon below. I'll at once send
        you this secret — and a FREE
        copy of my famous book. "How
        to Marcel Wave Your Own
        Hair." Send today.

  MARCELWAVER COMPANY

Dept. W-59	Cincinnati, Ohio

 Mile. Renee Duval, Dept. W-59
 MARCELWAVER CO., Cincinnati, Ohio

 SSI® m8o?inn'°i ?l °,nc#. ?recious secret of a per-
 IS L A S11 h0^.of.ha,r ,n 15 minutes at a cost
 or^less than 2c. This information must be FREE to

 ( ) Cheek here if interested in agent's offer.

Name............................

Address....................

CiIy.........................State............

 egotistical. I, myself, had the same idea about the
 universe which Ray Cummings wrote about in his
 story “Around the Universe.” I thought that we
 might possibly be on what is a speck of dust in a
 greater, stupendously more large sphere than the
 one which we proudly call ourselves of. We might
 be floating around with our little world in the space
 between the air molecules of the other world's at-
 mosphere. What is a million years of time in our
 universe may be a split fraction of a second to
 them.

   Again, their world may be a speck of dust in an-
 other in relative proportion of their size to us, and
 so on forever. Food for thought?

   “The Moon Pool” stands in my mind as the
 “best ever.”

   Yours for a still better magazine.

                               Bob Emmett,

                              San Francisco, Cal.

   [The question of publishing the magazine twice a
 month seems to be a very open one with many
 pros and cons, but the semi-monthly magazine will
 not be started for some time to come. Your appre-
 ciation of Ray Cummings’ story is of interest in
 view of the fact that another correspondent has
 taken up the same subject with equal interest.—
 EDITOR.]

AMAZING STORIES ON THE NEWS
STANDS

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Having been a reader of your magazine, Amaz-
 ing Stories, for over a year, I have always re-
 membered the date on which the monthly issue is
 due to appear on the news stands, and have not
 missed a single copy since I first began reading it.
 Perhaps you wonder why I do not subscribe and
 save the trouble of having to go to the news stand
 for my copy. That is because I am constantly trav-
 eling from one place to another, and it would give
 you too much trouble in changing my address. How-
 ever, no matter where I am, once I get my copy
 of Amazing Stories I do not let even a train
 wreck or a motor accident disturb my interest in
 finishing one of the stories contained in its pages,
 come what may.

   For some time I have followed the discussions
 concerning authors, stories, suggestions, etc. con-
 tained in the pages of Amazing Stories, and have
 noticed that there seems to be an eagerness toward
 having you publish Amazing Stories twice a
 month, with all kinds of suggestions as to the
 “how.” Much as the publishers of the magazine
 would like to do this, and there is no doubt that
 they could secure sufficient material, surely it would
 hardly be practical inasmuch as the magazine is
 hardly two years old, contains so few advertise-
 ments, and is not vet paying for itself, if I under-
 stand this correctly. I am quite sure that the
 publication of Amazing Stories once a month is
 really remarkable, considering the difficulties it had
 to start out with and is still encountering. If folks
 would give it time, I am sure it will advance
 slowly but surely into one of the outstanding sci-
 entific publications yet to come. Provided this will
 be true, I do not believe that its present readers
 will mind waiting a while until it is announced that
 Amazing Stories is paying for itself, advertisers
 are a good deal more confident in it, and above
 all ye editor will be considering printing it twice
 a month.

   There is another thing I would like to say in
 regard to Amazing Stories as it is now, and that
 is that the style of type used is very plain and
 readable, the illustrations well placed and every
 page neat and attractive to the eye. It has been
 the practice of other magazines as they grow older
 to change the size of type and often, in doing so,
 lose subscribers accustomed to the old form of plain
 and readable type. Though in time you may re-
 arrange your forms and illustrations, I think it
 would be unwise to swftch to a different kind of
 type, as the present kind is excellent.

   So far I have not commented upon or perhaps
 dropped a hint of criticism concerning your stories
 or authors, but I may some other time, who knows?

                              Joseph C. Collins,

                                 Lakewood, O.

    [We are glad that our correspondent approves of
 our very clear and readable type. Legibility is of
 course, a great thing, and we shall certainly keep
 it in mind as a permanent feature of Amazing
 Stories.—EDITOR.]

DoubIe\5urPay

EasyWay

 Learn at Home
 to Make Clevfcr

 'Prepare now. No special ability needed If you learn at home by
 thia amazing, complete and nraetical method. Student R. A. Hart
 wrote, whilo learning, "1 mak« *2.00 an hour in t>paro time.” Ray
 Underwood wrote. TI clear *26 to *a& a day.” Other students make
 *25 or more a week in spars time whilo learning — more when they
 graduate. Good Show Card Writers earn *50. *75 and *100 a week.

Get Free Book.

                       Explains ■__________

 nities to make money right
 in your own neighborhood.
 No obligation. No salesman will call. State age and Mr.. kfisa or Mrs.

WASHINGTON SHOW CARD SCHOOL
1117-15th St.. N. W.. IWt. 2612-E. Washington, D.C..

CAN YOU SELL GAS AT
5c PER GAL.?

               Any man who can
               sell gas at 5c per
               gallon should write
               at once to Frank
               Andrews, Dept. 976-
               T, 154 E. Erie St.,
               Chicago, 111. H i s
               agents make as high
               as $3,000.00 a month.
               Send for free trial,
               proof and $15.00 a day guarantee to
               Distributors.

'Operate aTireRepairShop

90.000.000 Tires in use. America's
greatest opportunity for men
rlth email capital. We furnish

........... capit .

ovcrything—$100 and up. Easy
payments. We train you FREE
I right at home. _Start making

                       money at once. Write today for
          Free Book of Opportunity.
          HAYWOOD TIRE EQUIPMENT CO.

 1312 S. Oakley	Chicago, Illinois

Earn More Money

 'TOU HAVEN'T A CHANCE UNLESS
 YOU CAN READ BLUE PRINTS

   Too may be a (lrnt class mechanic but If you can’t
             1* »ou haven't a chance for a good
             Hr my simple method I train you
             I how men of yo ......

 > have boo-

Send Today for Facta-Slate Trad*

 . _	CARROLL L. RUMSEY

 I Dept. A-l	Drexel Bids., Phlla.

 I Positively Guarantee

 to lncreaso your arms one-half Inch
 in sizo. chest ono full Inch, strength
 *25%, hoaltli. 100% In ono week’s
 time, by following ray Instructions
 and using my exerciser 10 mlnutos
 mornings and at night. Send $1 for
 complete course and exercisers. Sat-
 isfaction guaranteed or $1 refunded.

PROF. J. A. DRYER
Box 1850-F Chicago, 111.

f

BIG WEEKLY
IU MAGAZINES IV

  Moat unusual offer! Ten weekly issues of America's
  liveliest illustrated magazine for 10c. Highest quality
  fiction; unusuul articles; sparkling wit and humor;
  special deportments for every memoer of the family.
  Send your name, nddress and 10 cents without delay.

 The Pathflndor.Dopt.c-2, Waahlngton.D.C. ■

I

Travel On “Uncle Sam’s” Pay Roll

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS—SI900 to $2700 YEAR

 MAIL C ARRIERS-
 MEN—BOYS 18 UP

-POST OFFICE CLERKS

/ “............

 FRANKLIN INSTITUTE.

  Dept. S-178, Rochester. N. Y.

num. 32-

 Steady Work. No Layoffs

Paid Vacations	> : Bash to me without chance. 32-

 „	.. „ „ _ . . £ pane book with (1) List of U. 8. Govern-

common Education Sufficient mcnt Jobs now open to men and women.

 —Many U. S. Gov't Jobs	a''pUmon*'1'1' pmlcular* lol""e lww l“

    Open to Women	/

/ Name....................................

 MAIL COUPON /

IMMEDIATELY

 Address.
 Good Chemists Command High Salaries

 and you can make yourself independent for
 life by unearthng one of chemistry’s yet
 undiscovered secrets.

 Do you remember how the tales of pirate gold used to fire
 your imagination and make you want to sail the uncharted
 seas in search of treasure and adventure? And then you
 would regret that such things were no longer done. But that
 is a mistake. They are done—today and everyday—not on
 desert islands, but in the chemical laboratories throughout
 your own country. Quietly, systematically, the chemist works.

 His work is difficult, but more adventurous than the blood-
 curdling deeds of the Spanish Main. Instead of meeting an
 early and violent death on some forgotten shore, he gathers
 wealth and honor through his invaluable contributions to hu-
 manity. Alfred Nobel, the Swedish chemist who invented
 dynamite, made so many millions that the income alone from
 his bequests provides five $40,000 prizes every year for the
 advancement of science and peace. C. M. Hall, the chemist
 who discovered how to manufacture aluminum made millions
 through this discovery. F. G. Cottrell, who devised a valu-
 able process for recovering the waste from flue gases, James
 Gayley, who showed how to save enormous losses in steel
 manufacture, L. H. Baekeland, who invented Bakelite—these
 are only a few of the men to whom fortunes have come
 through their chemical achievements.

   Now Is the Time to Study Chemistry

                        Not only are these boundless opportunities for amassing
                        wealth In Chemistry, but the profession affords congenial
                        employment at good salaries to hundred* of thousands who
                        merely follow out Its present applications. These appli-
                        cations are Innumerable, touching intimately every busi-
                        ness and every product in the world. The work of the
                        chemist can hardly bo called work at all. It Is the
                        keenest and most enjoyable kind of pleasure. Thu days
                        in a chemical laboratory are tilled with thrilling and
                        delightful experimentation. with the alluring prospect of
                        a discovery that may spell Fortune always at hand to
                        spur your enthusiasm.

You Can Learn at Home	//

                      To qualify for this remarkable calling requires olaborate specialized training. Formerly it was /
                      necessary to attend a university for several years to acquire that training, but thanks to our f
                      highly perfected and thorough system of instruction, you can now stay at home. Keep your	-

                      position, and let us educate you in Chemistry during your spare time. Even with only common	f

                        'rhoollng you can take our course and equip yourself for immediate practical work In a chemical	>

                      laboratory. Dr. Sioane giTes erery one of his students the same careful, personal super- y
                      vision that made him celebrated throughout his long career as a college professor. Your f rHrwtrAi
                      Instruction from the very beginning is made Interesting and practical, and we supply you f

with apparatus and chemicals for performing the fascinating analyses and experimental y	INSTITUTE

                     work that plays such a large part In our method of teaching, and you are awarded the / OF NEW YORK

 What Some of Our Students
 Say of ThU Course:

    I have not written since I received the big
 set. I can still say that it far exceeded my
 anticipations. Since I have been studying with
 your school I have been appointed chemist for
 the Scranton Coal Co. le*tlng all the coal and
 ash by proximate analysis. The lessons are
 helping me wonderfully, and the Interesting way
 In which they uro written makes mo wait pa-
 tiently for each lesson.—MOKI.Als COUZENS.

   I wish to express my appreciation of your
 prompt reply to my letter and to the recom-
 mendation to the Ueneral Electric Co. I In-
 tend to start the student engineering course at
 the works. This Is somewhat along electrical
 lines, but the fact that I had a recommenda-
 tion from a reliable school no doubt bad con-
 siderable influence In helping me to secure the
 Job.—H. VAN BENTHUYSEN.

   So far I’ve been more than pleased with
 your course and am still doing nicely. I hope
 to be your honor graduate this year.—J. M.
 NOBKDS. JR.

    I find your course excellent and your instruc-
 tion. truthfully, the clearest and best assem-
 bled I have ever taken, and yours Is the fifth
 one I've studied.—JAMES J. KELLY.

   From the time I was having Chemistry it
 has never been thus explained to me as it Is
 now. 1 am recommending you highly to my
 friends, and urging them to become members
 of such an organisation.—C11AHLES BEN-
 JAMIN.

    I shall always recommend your scliool to my
 friends and let them know how simple your les-
 sons are.—<?. J. AMDAHL.

   1 am more than pleased. You dig right in
 from the start. 1 am going to get somewhere
 with this course. I am so glad that I found
 you—A. A. CAMERON

    I use your lessons constantly as I find It
 more thorough than most text books I can
 secure.—WM. D. TIBBS.

    Thanking you for your lessons, which I find
 not only clear and concise, but wonderfully
 Interesting. I am—ROBT. II. TRAYLOR

   I received employment In the Consolidated
 Gas Co. I appreciate very much the good
 service of the school when a recommendation
 was asked for.—JOS. DECKER.

Experimental Equipment
Furnished to Every Student

    We give to every student without additional charge this
 chemical equipment. Including forty-nine pieces of labora-
 tory apparatus and supplies, ami forty different rhemlcals
 and reagents. These comprise the apparatus and chemicals
 used for the experimental work of the course. The fitted
 heavy wooden box serves not only as a cose for the outfit
 but alto as a useful laboratory accessory for performing
 countless experiments.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE
OF NEW YORK, Inc.

          Home Extension Division 12
 16-A E. 30th Street.	NEW YORK CITY

  Institute's official diploma after you havo satisfactorily completed the course.

 Easy Monthly Payments

  You don’t have to have even the small price of the course to start. You can
  pay for It In small monthly amounts—*o small that you won't feel them.

  The cost of our course Is very low. and Includes everything, even tho
  chemistry outfit—there are no extras to buy with our course. Our plan +
  of monthly payments places a chemical education within the reach of	*

           Write us and let us explain our plan In full—give us tho	~

                                           lify for a highly trained

everyono. ......._ ... _____________ ______

 opportunity of showing you how you can qualify for

     > Home Extension
        Division 12
        16-A E. 30th St.

~ NEW YORK CITY

 Please send me at once,
 without any obligation on my
 part, your free Book “Opportuni-
 ties for Chemists/' and full par-

  f tell me about your plan of payment tad
  * your special 30 day offer.

 technical position without even giving up your present employment.	/ titulars about the Experimental Equip-

_ ment given to every student. Also please

          Special 30 Day Offer

 Besides furnishing the student with his Experimental
 Equipment, we are making an additional special offer for
 a short while only. You owe H to yourself to find out *
 about it. Write today for full Information and free j
 book "Opportunities for Chemists.'' Send the coupon >
 right now whllo it is fresh In your mind. Or just *
 write your name and address on a postal and mall JT
 it to u*. But whatever you do. set today before V ADDRESS
 this offer Is withdrawn.	*

 NAME.

 DON'T WAIT—MAIL COUPON NOW!

CITY.............................STATE

  L S. Dec.. 1927
 wir*.

 OBOUNDED ROTOR —Sea * a I a r.

       C«u«k».

 CROUP FREQUENCY—'Tfca niratorr af
 arparatc In la* or rroop. of wavet per
 i«cvd la * damped or url»mi»d wa-
 Uid of radio UaumlMkn. Till.

nttVMSs/'sa

 Thus Id a aptrk tranwnltUr. for •■*"*-
 pie. the cOT,dtna«r la tfca tranaraltflu*
 circuit will be moiuauriy cbarnd and

;^r^Krrr»afe

 wb cKlU»lioa U-Un » miUIb

ihawn l» Si lUoilraOon.
iba t«iu*Mij iirt«*.t u

ar»»o*wo»i far f..t.»l»* tffWr to a
wtUr or ilam pip* tafa«m the *row-l
nanxtion lot a r.dio ra«*l».r. Tb*
iUo.ir.lMt i«»ia wmlitfil form

 GROUND CONNICTION—In radio ra-
 <epti«n er IranimliaM*. Hit *onn«tlf«
 Ui*«» tha earth and I he tpnr.lua
 whereby the <«rr«Mt art up by |h»
 (IcttrenagMlU w**»a art i.turned to
 tb* e.rth a. on* .14* of the auumed
 drcuii. The n-c-nd «r earth tonew*
 UM Inm • radio .-ec«l*»r at uan*.

GROUKOS AND UGHTNlNJ
PROTECTION

 >**UIX»*TU«

two Knu/W

crnciXKTMM:

utHsnn toxm .
ion«M^<rn4

w el tht e%di af the petaattoo-ur to
Iba Mfattr* lead of tha A hatury

»nd the i an Ur im U tti c"« «•

l» tbtt way tb* peUr.tloraeWr woo Id
b» .Min* .1 a pare e.rUble taelrtaMe.
the rJUnllal .pt>Md to Ou «rU bein»

■ItWr ahooM ba at thort M pe«)M.
tad prafrrably a heavy wire at ahewn
In tfct llluatratlin. Such a ccaoectlon
for raaaielnc purpow* My b* oa* or
m*r» haery vul plaUa *utk Id the
rrooad and eonnartad by a buey wire
to tb* apparatbk Tb. urn torn bob
■Mtbod It to (Mioact U>* att to a m-

S&.2ZSXSSA *» r K

Bit* frequency,but tho tralni or i
pwnrring at deftr.lto Irterr.l
fn-jvory of theie toUrvtlt
called the *rop freflwixr. (Sc

 protect the wind.on frawa lajary dva
 to the Indwi-* of ewIUetor* torna
 frt-n tbe	Mrcaiu. (&*•

 Xrtaejr Oar*>Kr.)

 CUTI* PfcRCHA—A* l".*I.O»c
 IrrUI dtnnd from At w-.f ateratlaa

 ra/latiaa w~i*M tb* hsuu af U-

aEiss*^2^

 WMniUIWa arca.loaaPy apyltori
 to f*t of tht etrSoiu fon*a <f alw»

 pbarit diata'fcoBca Uw» n»d*r the

 Vtneral hradto/of aUIW. Thia far*
 Of t'atlt i. a*°r* preraki* >a warm
 »»*lber and *»■ aot asp«ar to ha**
 It. ortrla to local eUetr< .v>m It.
 •IT«t T» t* prrfoe. r.ttUD* aannda af
 no deAidU pllth. (Saa 5(>a»e, *Uo
 iurte.>

 C BOUND—Tba e^ eontUrrad a* an
 •lactria rood-etor. Id radio It la «<m-
 aldered t* tb. ratsm etrrait foe *Uo-
 ll«iip*t< .»<H (S*« OremndC«-
 . "'a* T»*eTr */ Pr^g*** */
 >l<a«rrau>ra(lM »a.a*)

 (Uaaa. TVea* ttrrttU tot *fU»
 pr*aa a d..to>;,-» fa*-*r la rvt* rw
 aapOM. (Sm OW)

 CBOUND DmCTOR—A Ir** fer
 l>dK*il«c aa a*tM*Btal rre«»l er a
 pawee traaamUate« li« er far any
 .epd'ieUnf nitrn f»r alertrto tar-
 reaia. (£a Ulo, al» Cer-^l
 C^tL'ND jyraiRTANCE—Saa R**e-
 oround swrrcn-A .«uk t-*r^iy

 U'A of oaefaliuta. ru>»«r a* rabber

rasjisssjr"'-*

 OCT WIBB—Wlrat naaJ to Wa<a tart.l
 ma*to far NHM( ar. UaiumltttK*
 aUdona. Sueb (uya wa • f>**r«Ily
 baaey falraiiKad w)re. t<t«chM to tha
 Bi.t at •trkioa patota a^l »at—1i-c
 rtdully downward a*d anfbood to
 aarroupdisc rlgjd ob)Mta ar-Vy m»a»a
 et tom. form if »0U*r U It* r®«ivt
 {Sndm^J

908

n

AMAZING STORIES

mooo

SOLD TO DATE/

Let me send you a copy

If you don’t like It return it
SEND NO MONEY

         (Fac-simile of a page from the Encyclopedia, greatly reduced)

The First Radio Encyclopedia Ever Published

Edited by SIDNEY GERNSBACK, Editor of “Radio Listener’s Guide and Call Book
(Radio Review).” Editor of “Money Making.” Author of “Wireless Course in Twenty
Lessons”—“One Thousand and One Formulas”—“Practical Electricity Course”—etc.

 S. GERNSBACK’S RADIO ENCYCLOPEDIA
is the only standard work ever published in
America attempting’ to classify alphabetically the
countless words used in the highly specialized
science of RADIO. The ENCYCLOPEDIA is
written in plain English so that everybody can
understand the definitions and descriptions.

  No expense has been spared, covering over two
years in compilation, to make it worthy a place in
your library.

  It is published in one volume—168 pages—size
9 x 12 inches, nearly an inch thick and nicely
accommodates the beautiful illustrations and the
large, easy to read type.

  Every page is replete with illustrations—to make
the text easily understandable.

  The book contains as a supplement a classified

 REMEMBER THIS IS A REAL
ENCYCLOPEDIA NOT A DIC-
TIONARY—and very few of the
things described and illustrated in
this volume can be found in any
dictionary, or any other encyclo-
pedia.

S. GERNSBACK

230-5th Avc. New York, N. Y.

ctricity Course”—etc.

           cross-index designed to bring together radio ref-
           erences under one heading having relations in
           common.

          All circuits new and old arc described by word
          and picture and every part and apparatus used
          in Radio is explained and made understandable
          by means of photographs and drawings.

           The work contains 1.930 definitions. 549 photo-
           graphs. drawings and diagrams.

          The volume is printed upon fine paper—bound
          in full black Keratol. marbled paper fly leaves and
          end sheets, with the title stamped in gold.

           This volume should find a place in every library,
           and will be a veritable boon to you who are
           interested in Radio, from any angle.

                         PRICE $2.00

 SIDNEY GKRN8BACK. 230-5th Avenue, Now York.	■

  Sund mo ono copy of Sidney Gerngbark's First Radio Encyclo- *
  pedln In one volume as advertised. I will pay postman $2.00 plus I
  postuRO on delivery,	|

NAME ........................................... 1

ADDRESS ....................................... |

TOWN ...........................................J

CRITICISM OF AUTHORS. ARTISTS AND
SUBJECTS. SUGGESTIONS FOR REPRINTS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Having perused each number of Amazing Stories
from cover to cover since the first issue, I feel
entitled to offer some criticisms.

  The binding of the magazines in recent months
is disgraceful. I save my copies but am hindered
by the fact that they fall apart before half read.
Please use a binding that will hold the book together
and 1 am sure that a great many readers will be
the better pleased.

  Another thing that I find abominable is the illus-
trations. I am in favor of plenty of pictures, but
not such lifeless and inanimate imitation cartoons
such as you have been using. They don’t even
look like drawings of statues. You should get an
artist who would put a little life in his sketches.

  The authors are good but somewhat overdone.
II. G. Wells is a big favorite with me but you
overexploit him. You have not printed an issue
yet that failed to contain some Wells. Give some-
one else a chance.

Merritt is good but too imaginative. Give us
something that is more in line with known science.

  The Verne stories are all right but they sound
too old and have too much of a dry journalistic
flavor. I won’t weep if you drop him.

  Keep Burroughs out of Amazing Stories. He
is too imaginative and entirely too romantic, and
not much real science. Am getting sick of reading
of a m3n going to some other planet, or to the
middle of the earth, or to some forsaken jungle,
always to find the same thing—some “beauty’
among the savages. I have read wholly or partly
every story that Burroughs has written before I
knew better, and find him to be the most magnificent
liar I have seen in print.

  Cummings also has an abominable habit of going
into out-of-the-way places for his heroines. Once or
twice is all right, but for the love of Pete, make
it the rule to keep ’em on the earth. They sound
a little too improbable away from home.

  The comic invention stories are poor. Too much
.stress is laid on the humor part with the result
that the tales get quite ridiculous. They are noth-
ing more than rank imitations of Edgar Franklin’s
old “Hawkins” stories of 24 years ago anyway.
If these tales were dropped, I’ll bet that the circu-
lation would advance enormously.

  How about shaking up the bag a little so that
we could get a few new stories? The reprints arc
very good, but yo i should give the other stories a
chance. This kick is aimed at the longer stories.
It would be much better if you at least alternated
a new serial with an old one. Of 19 issues you
have put out to date, and the Annual, only two
numbers have been completely new to me.

  Speaking of reprints, I should like to suggest
a few that I should be glad to meet again. "The
Planeteer” and its sequel, “King of Conserve
Island” are the best interplanetary stories I have
ever read. Thev were in All-Story Weekly in
1917-18 and could easily be run in two issues.
"The Brain Blight” and “The House of Sorcery”
by Jack Harrower (All-Story, 1913) arc also very
good. “Unsight-Unseen” (All-Story, 1912) is a
wholesome huYnor story and as good an invisibility
story as I have seen. I should especially like to
see “The Mastodon-Milk-Man” by C. Mac Lein

Savage, as I never read its conclusion. Edgar
Franklin’s “The Amiable Aroma” is another good
scientific humor yarn. How about “The Blind
Spot” by Austin Hall and Homer Eon Flint?
Philip M. Fisher has also written a couple of good
ones, which are short. “The Powder of Midas”
by Ben Ames Williams belongs in Amazing Stories.

  Prof. Serviss seems to have published a story
somewhere in 1898, entitled “The Conquest of
Mars.” I have been unable to trace this story,
but should like to read it. Could you give me a
little assistance in finding this story somewhere?

  You have added a good author in Garrett Smith.
I have read some of his stories and they are very
fair.

  The suggestion of a Scientific Club is very good
and it would be a great thing were its purpose
carried out.

  There should be in cither Science and Invention
or Amazing Stories a page devoted to a scientific
problem or theory. There should be a problem
submitted in each issue, with prizes given for the
best problem submitted and for the best solution
given. Someone could give a theory on the solu-
tion to some question undecided by science, which
if plausible should be put up for argument, with
a prize for the best argument for 0r against the
theory.

  This thing is getting drawnout and I can’t think
of any furl her razzberrics or medals to issue, so
I guess it’s time to close, with hopes for a bigger
and better, twice-a-month. Amazing Stories, the
best magazine in print.

                                  T. I. Saarela,

                      Co. D.. 23rd Infantry,
                      Fort Sam Houston, Texas.

  [The task of pleasing thousands of readers is
one which cannot be carried out to a state of
completeness. The authors which this correspond-
ent complains of and the interplanetary travel
stories which he objects to are exactly what are
liked and appreciated by a great number of the
greater proportion of our readers. We have re-
ceived and published numbers of letters commend-
ing the very things which are found fault with in
this letter. But we want letters of criticism and
AMAZING STORIES

909

in a

NASH

Sedan

$140022
in cash

14

19

8

19

14

8omeone who answers thia ad will receive,
absolutely free, a fully equipped De Luxe
Model Noah Sedan, or full value in caah if pre-
ferred (H,085.00). In addition to thia Nash
Sedan we Rivo away,'absolutely free, a latcet
model Chevrolet Coach or ita caah value
($595.00), a Brunswick Panntrope Phono-

 Kph, a Six Tube, Single Dial Freahman
 lio. a Corona Portable Typewriter —
 many othor valuable priiea and Hundreds of
 Dollnra in Caah.

  Solve This Puzzle

  The numbera in thesquarce to the risbtapell
  two words. The alphabet ia numbered. A is 1,

  B ia 2, C ia 3, etc. Can you make out what the
  two worda are? When you do thia, aend me
  your answer right away. It may mean winning
  the Nash Sedan or *1.400.00 in caah.

 $315.00 Cash For Promptness

     In addition to the two automobile, the
  many other valuable prizes and Hundreds of
  Dollars in Cash, wo are ulso offering a Special
  Prixe of >315.00 in Cash for Promptneae. Firat
  prize winner will receive Si .400.00 in cash, or
  tho Nnah Sodan and $315.00 in oaah. In ense of ties
  duplicate priiea will bo awarded each one tying. Get
  busy right away. Solve the puzzle and aend me your
  aitnwer together with your same and addresa written
  plainly. EVERYBODY REWARDED. Addrea.

           M. L. BOEING, Dept. 1069
 S23 So. Peoria St.,	Chicago, III.

 $25.00 Drawing Course for $2.98

    Haven't you oflen wished that you could draw
  cartoons. Illustrate wme idoa, sketch some pretty
  race. etc. ? You can do all of these things.

 One of America's most famous Cartoonists
 and Illustrators has developed a great,
 simple system for success In all branches
 of Commercial Art. This system
 revolutionized the entire theory of
 drawing. It means that drawing can
 ho as easy for you as writing—
 much simpler than learning short-j
 hand, bookkeeping or typewriting.'

  He aro now placing this original system for
  learning Drawing. Art and Cartooning, con-
  sisting of 84 lessons with over 500 Illustra-
  tions, within reach of every one. If yoin
  will dorote a few hours each week to the
  Course WE ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE
  that you will learn to draw and dr*w well
  before you have half finished the Course.

  If we fail to make this claim good we will
  refund every cent paid us. By eliminating
  a largo office force for answering correspond-,
  once, expensive catalogs, etc., wo aro enabled
  to make a price of $2.98, the cheapest price
  ever known for a hlgh-grado homo
  study course. Many havo sent us
  letters similar to that of Rob't P.

  Davis of Detroit, who wrote: "I can't see how you ask so
  little, when others with Inferior Courses get from $20 to
  $60 for theirs. It is more than I cxpected." Learn to
  draw. It Is a big asset, no matter what field you are in.

Send No Money

n$0.98

                o L

  lust order the Course, and.
  on arrival pay postman*
  plus a few cents postage _
  payment in full for the entire
  Course and Free Drawing Outfit.

  If not entlroly satisfied, return
  ifthin Are days and we will RE-
  FUND MONEY. Address.

   LEDERER SCHOOL OF DRAW...

 . . ,	Chattanooga, Tenn.

 Orders from outside the U.S.A. aro payable $3.28 cash
                     with order.

 FREE: ^ >ou order
 tho Course
 at once we will include
 a drawing outfit,
 consisting of artist's
 pencils, pens, paper,
 erasers, thumb tacks,
 etc., onabling you to
 go to work without
 additional cost.

                  •how how KverytUin* ex- .
  plained dearly.	£
  Play in Half Hour Easy Lessons
  ftar too u»t the four Even If you don’t know ’
  »»y motions you play < • '
  armonloua chorda wilh I
  fry UtUe prmctl.-e. No t...-
  revlooatDualcalloowl- nmfca it mb* to learn <
  --------- quickly. Pay aa you play.

ijfo nece.n.iary.

Free Guitar

                            Write at Once

       In Genuine Seal Grain You'll never bo lonesome with
turiaoia i.uden* noon na you en- thin beautiful Hawaiian Guitar.
II. Nothin* to buy—•vcrytbing Write for Special Offer end ea»y
robbed. No delay.	term*. A poatcard will do. ACT!

courISs] fix	•

   FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MUSIC, Inc.
   h Floor. Woolworth Bldg.. Dept, 167 New York. N. Y.

   Approved u o CorrerpoyuUno* School Under lA« Lau»

 of the Stale of New York

 they are published without any regard as to whether
 they are favorable or unfavorable. Such letters as
 the present from a severe reader add greatly to
 the interest of this department of your and our
 magazine. Incidentally the artist, Paul, has re-
 ceived the warmest commendation from many of
 our readers. Just the same, our correspondent
 seems to know his scientifiction, and for that reason
 alone we respect his views.—EDITOR.J

  THE YOUNG MEN’S SCIENCE CLUB

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    On reading the October issue of Amazing Stories
 1 came across your answer to my letter, concern-
 ing the Young Men's Science Club, and 1 want to
 thank you for all the nice things you say about
 it. I am glad to hear that you will back up the
 club with your fullest power. I want to say this,
 that with a magazine such as Amazing Stories be-
 hind the new club we can’t lose.

    By making Amazing Stories the official organ of
 tlie club you have “killed two birds with one stone”
 as the saying goes. It will help the club, and help
 to enlarge the circulation of Amazing Stories to a
 great extent.

    I am doing my bit to help the new proposed club
 get started by telling my friends about it and ex-
 plaining to them the advantages of such a club.
 I think that, if all those that are interested in such
 a club would tell their friends about it, they would
 be helping out the new club immensely.

    You can count on me to back up the new club as
 well as your magazine, Amazing Stories, to the
 utmost.

   Now before I close I would like to say a few
 words about your magazine. I have read quite a
 lot about this twice-a-month idea and I want to
 say this: please don’t make Amazing Stories a
 twice-a-month magazine because many magazines
 have been spoiled because they have come out too
 often. I don’t want such a thing to happen to
 Amazing Stories as it can’t be beat as it is today.

   Wishing your magazine innumerable years of
 prosperity, I remain,

                         Holger E. Lindgren,
                         Olympia, Wash.

   [We are glad to see the Young Men’s Science
 Club favored by so many of our readers. It is an
 idea which must be carried out by the efforts of its
 members. It is not to be directed as a ship by one
 person, but it must be a republic in the fullest sense
 of the word. Everybody must have a part in it.

    It is interesting to find some of our correspond-
 ents opposed to the twice-a-month idea. In any case
 that is far in the future. At present we have all
 we can do to meet the almost too favorable views
 of our readers in the pages of Amazing Stories.

    It is then magazine, and we are their faithful
 servants.—EDITOR.]

KINDLY CRITICISM: THE YOUNG
MEN’S CLUB

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I must confess that when I fii'st read your excel-
 lent magazine, I felt that the stories were rather
 far-fetched, and with each number I had doubts
 that I would want to read the next. As time went
 on, however, I found myself unconsciously looking
 forward to the tenth of the month, when Amazing
 Stories appears on the stands here. I hope that
 by being a subscriber 1 will now get it a few
 days earlier. I find most of your stories very en-
 tertaining as well as instructive. Stories of the
 Unknown hold wonderful possibilities for mystery
 and romance.

    I have always been highly interested by pseudo-
 scientific talcs, especially of travel to other planets,
 as 1 am a deep student of astronomy. I believe
 your best stories have been reprints from Wells,
 Verne, Serviss and Burroughs, although the latter's
 work hardly belongs in your magazine. Some of
 your readers have complained of slight lapses in
 the scientific construction of plots; others have com-
 plained of unnecessary detail and too much descrip-
 tion. I feel that we can easily afford to overlook
 a few discrepancies in science in such entertaining
 fiction; for example, Burroughs’ combining the mam-
 mal and reptile in the same animal; his evolution
 from reptile eggs to apes and then human beings
 all in one lifetime; in “The Green Splotches,” the
 men from Jupiter who were plants, and received
 nourishment from the sunlight, although plants of
 any consequence, certainly plants as large and heavy
 as human beings, receive their nourishment from
 chemicals in the ground, through roots. 1 found
 Ray Cummings’ “Around the Universe” a very
 clever humorous story, teaching us a lot about
 astronomy, even if Tubby’s journey was made pos-
 sible through the simple expedient of wishing for a
 space machine.

    To my mind, the thing that makes a scientifiction
 story worth while is not j>o much strict adherence
 to science, as it is describing in such minute detail
 conditions in the new world or in the new state
 of affairs, as to bring a picture of reality to the
 mind of the reader. T don’t know of any story I
 enjoyed more than Wells’ “Time Machine.” His
 wealth of detail in presenting conditions attending ’
 the trip into the future, was what made the story
 seem plausible and real.

    I am very much interested in the proposed Young
 Men’s Science Club, and ask that you enroll me as
 a member if possible, although I am a little past
 the age limit suggested. I would greatly enjoy taking
 part in scientific	- „-»•••

Thousands of
Draftsmen

 In these

Industries/

 More
 than 500
 industries
 employ drafts-
 men. Thousands of
 ■*mcn are doing this
 fascinating work.

Electricity

       Electricity is the coming motive force
       of the world. Draftsmen are needed in
       every department of this fascinating
       work. Let Dobe train you at home.
       Get» iob here.

Auto Industry

       The automobile industry is one of the
       greatest in America. If there were no
       draftsmen to draw plans there would
       be no automobile manufacturing. Hun-
       dreds of positions here. Learn drafting
       from Dobe and get one.

Aviation

       Aviation isjust in its infancy. It is bound
       to expand to enormous proportions.
       Draftsmen arc essential to it. Prepare
       for one of these big jobs. Let Dobe tell
       you how.

Building

Engineer Dobe

 There will always be building. Building
 of stores, homes, factories, office build-
 ings. No structure can be erected with-
 out plans drawn by draftsmen. Dobe
 will make you a draftsman at home.

         I’ll Train
         You Quick

                   Drafting is a sure
                   and certain profes-
                   sion because noth-
                   ing can be built be-
                   fore a plan is drawn
                   and draftsmen must
                   draw the plans. Draftsmen are always
                   in the world’s leading industries.

  I teach you drafting by my new, sure
  “Kwik-Line” method and give you an
  opportunity to earn while you are
  learning. I also give you Employment
  Service and help as long as you need
  it and help to get you a job without
  a cent from this service.

Money-Back

Agreement

  I make a money-back agreement with you
  to return every cent unless you get exactly
  what you want. You must be satisfied.

  As soon as you enroll I give you a set of
  drawing instruments, drawing tabic and all
  other drafting tools. These are fine, im-
  ported instruments—the same kind as those
  used by foremost draftsmen everywhere-

Mail FREE Coupon Below

  I challenge the world to produce another
  such quick, simple, fascinating, wonderful
  method for quickly teaching drafting at
  home. Send this free coupon for my Free
  Book'‘Successful Draftsmanship’ ’. Send now.

 ......Dobe Drafting Service.......

  1951 Lawrence Ave.( Div. 11-99, Chicago

   Send me free of all cost your new bi« book “ Success-
   ful Draftsmanship”^ bIbo plan to earn money while

 learning and l

 ! big money paying positions.

 .........— Age-----

 Addr$m...
910

CHEMISTRY

-v Learn

% I at

i' W Home

 The Chemical Industry now ranks fourth among the
 industries of the United States and it offers a splendid
 opportunity for ambitious men.

Arthur IX Little emphasized this very point in his

  f.eech before the American Institute of Chemical
  ngineers when he said: “Industrial developments
  along new lines are everywhere in progress and they
  call upon the chemical engineer for new equipment
  and new methods of production and control.”

   One of the best ways for you to prepare for a good
  position in this fascinating field is through the home-
  study courses in Chemistry offered by the Interna-
  tional Correspondence Schools.

    These courses aro complete and practical because they
  were prepared by some of the best-known chemists in
  this country, including:	^

   Allen Rogers, B.S., M.S., Ph.D.—Head of Depart-
  ment of Industrial Chemistry. Pratt Institute.

   Andrew M. Fairlie, B.S. — Consulting Chemical
  Engineer for the Tennessee Copper and Chemical Cor-
  poration ; American Zinc, Lead and Smelting Co.; Ameri-
  can Zinc Oxide Co., and tho Baugh Chemical Co.

   L. M. Tolman, Ph.D.—Formerly Chief Chemist. Wil-
  son & Co. Now Vice-president, United Chemical and
  Organic Products Co.

   Bradi.ey Stocc.hton. B.S.—Head of the Department
  of Metallurgy, Lehigh University.

   Owen- L. Shinn*. Ph.D.—Professor of Applied Chem-
  istry, University of Pennsylvania.

    Qualitative and Quantitative Analyses Outfits are sup-
  plied with these I. C. S. Courses at special prices for
  your laboratory work at home, and the courses aro so
  arranged that you Ret just the help you need to secure a
  good position in the work you like best.

  - Just mark and mail the coupon and we’ll gladly sena
  you Freo Booklots describing the I. C. S. Chemistrt
  Codkses or any other courso in which you aro interested.

Mail the Coupon for Free Booklet

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE 8CH00L8
Box 7139-B. 8cranton, Penna.

   Without cost or obligation, please send me one of your
   booklets, and tell me how I can qualify for tho position
   or in the subject before which I have marked an X:

  □	Analytical Chemistry	DAnalytlcal and Industrial
  nChemical Engineerlno ^ Chemistry

  [ ] Industrial Chemistry	n Short Chemistry Cour*®

  □	Metalluraleal Chemistry LJPharmacy

  Also courses specializing in the Chemistry of the
  following industries
  Manufacture of Leather
  Manufacture of Cottonseed Oil
  Manufacture of Petroleum
  Manufacture of Sulphuric I
  and Hydrochloric Acids I

 Electrical Engineering
 Electric Lighting
 Mechanical Enginoer
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Railroad Positions
 Civil Engineer
 Surveying and Mapping
 Metallurgy □ Mining

 Manufacture of Iron
 Manufacture of Steel
 Manufacture of Sugar
 Manufacture of Soap
 Manufacture of Cement

  Steam Engineering
  Architect □ Radio
  Architects' Blueprints
  Contractor and Builder
  Architectural Draftsman
  Concrete Builder
  Structural Engineer
  Airplane Engines
  Mathematics

Name................................................................................

Street Address........................................................................

City...........................................State....................................

05 TO *75 WEEKLY

 ( ) Railway Mail Clerk ( > Meat Inspector

 ( ) P. O. Clerk
 ( ) Forest Ranger
 ( ) Pilo Clork
 ( ) Matron
 ( ) General Clerk

 (	) Chauffcur-Carrier
 ( ) Skilled Laborer
 ( ) Watchman
 ( ) Postmaster

 (	) RFD Carrier
 Mr. Ozment, Dept.

  (	) Special Agent

         (investigator)

  (	) Stonographer-Typist

  (	) Immigrant Insp'or

  (	) City Mail Carrier

  (	) I*.S. Border Patrol

  (	) Typist

  (	) Seamstress

                       ( ) Steno-Secrotary
                       ( ) Auditor
                       141, St. Louis. Mo.

 Send me particulars about positions marked
 "X"—salaries, locations, opportunities, etc.

NAME ...............................

ADDRESS ............................

AMAZING STORIES

   Let me cast my vote for more book length stories,
 more interplanetary and subterranean stories, more
 and better illustrations and paper stock.

   I really hadn’t intended to take up so much space
 with my own opinions and views, which are unim-
 portant. I await with pleasure the next number of
 Amazing Stories, which will be mailed to me as a
 subscriber. If more subscriptions will lessen your
 troubles I trust that many other readers will follow
 my example.	Edgar 0rr

                                       Atlanta, Ga.

   [Our correspondent carries out exactly some of
 our ideas which we have been giving in our dis-
 cussion columns. When our correspondent started
 with our magazine, he felt that the stories were
 rather far-fetched, and here we wish to state that
 they are not only far-fetched but that the charm of
 the magazine lies partly in this very quality. This
 correspondent follows up Amazing Stories, and
 when he speaks of the wonderful possibilities for
 mystery and romance in “stories of the unknown,”
 to use a proverbial expression, he puts the whole
 thing in a nut-shell. He likes Burroughs, Wells,
 and Ray Cummings, and we are glad to see that
 their work has excited his imagination to the
 degree of making him a critic of the possibilities
 of the various statements.

   We firmly believe that if our stories were solid
 matter of fact they would cease to be “Amazing”
 —and people like to be amazed.—EDITOR.]

AN EXPLANATION FROM ONE OF
OUR AUTHORS

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Being a Burroughs admirer I rather resented
 those people who “knocked” him because of his so-
 called hatred of the Germans. As I was curious
 I wrote him and in return received a very nice
 letter. Quoting his letter in regard to the Ger-
 mans, he says:

   “I am very sorry that a couple of my stories
 have given the impression that I do not like Ger-
 mans. These stories were written when the feeling
 against the Germans was very high in this country
 and to the tremendous amount of anti-German
 propaganda during the war. I realize now that
 much of this was exaggerated and I know that it
 docs not do any of us any good to foster enmity
 and hatred.”

    I call this a clear explanation and would like to
 have it published. Keep up the good work in
 Amazing Stories. Try some of Edgar Allan Poe
 and try “The Purple Sapphire” by John Faine.

                              John W. Bell,
 Whitman, Mass.
 [Any story written during the World War, is
 bound to seem prejudiced, and we are glad to get
 Mr. Burroughs’ very clear statement to you.—
 EDITOR.]	_

THE DISCUSSIONS COLUMN AND CRITICS
WHO WRITE SOME OF THE LETTERS

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I have been reading your magazine for over a
 year now and I enjoy it very much. “The Moon
 Pool” is, in my estimation, one of the best stories
 you have published. The author’s power of inter-
 esting and enthralling description, as well as nar-
 ration, was exceptionally good. “The Second Del-
 uge” was another fine story. I don’t like the grue-
 some tales very well, but they are all right in
 moderation. I enjoyed “Around the Universe,” even
 if it is a reprint. I have no fault to find with any
 of your reprints. The “Treasures of Tantalus”
 had me very delicately balanced on the front edge
 of my chair, and the Discussions Column is a
 source of real enjoyment. I’m going to talk a little
 to both you and your correspondents now.

    I agree with Mr. Lucy of Palo Alt# in his com-
 ment on the “critics” who seem disappointed to
 think that they can find flaws in the stories. The
 author has to have a joker in the deck or he would
 be accused of everything from insanity to treason.
 Furthermore, if the stories were true they would
 be in the newspapers and would be quite common
 potatoes. It puts me in mind of those who “view
 with alarm” the Atlantic and Pacific flights, calling
 them the exploits of “fools.” (I refer to the suc-
 cessful ones.) It makes me think of some other
 fools like the Wright brothers and so on.

    I have always had much the same ideas that Mr.
 Hale of California has, although I never dared air
 them for fear of ridicule. A person is truly pos-
 sessed of a wonderful conceit if it will allow them
 to declare that this dust speck of an earth is the
 only inhabited world in the universe.

   I am much amused at Miss Moran’s fearful pur-
 chase of the “cheap fiction,” which she tells of in
 the October issue. I am sorry to say that Amazing
 Stories IS considered “cheap fiction” by a good
 many people. If I may venture to, I will suggest
 that your cover is responsible. I, mvself, find noth-
 ing wrong, but my friends have told me that if the
 cover were a little less wild there would be less
 chance of people getting the “cheap fiction” impres-
 sion. My mother also suggests better paper and
 illustrations on a par with the American Magazine
 and others of that type. I, also, heartily agree with
 Miss Moran’s final paragraph. If you can “turn
 some brilliant and fertile mind ... into rivers of
 knowledge that it might otherwise have overlooked
 and thus assist in giving to the world a genius”
 you will have more than justified the existence of
 Amazing Stories and stolen a big march on the
 prejudiced.

I have just read Mr. Earle B. Brown’s letter

ofA the best fun
ever had

                     USE
                     YOUR

NEW-	WITS-f

SAM LOYD’S

TRICKS and PUZZLES

 SAM LOYD is the puzzle King. The
 best of them all. We’re willing to
 wager he can “stick” you.

 Here’s a new book of one hundred
 and sixteen pages crowded to the full
 with hundreds of the very choicest of
 Sam Loyd’s own puzzles, tricks and
 conundrums.

 There are easy puzzles, hard puzzles,
 full page puzzles, illustrated puzzles,
 riddles, conundrums, charades, rebuses,
 and a 26-page special section of sci-
 entific puzzlers for mechanics, engi-
 neers and scientific minds.

 It beats most puzzle books by many
 miles. Get your copy as soon as pos-
 sible—Why not today?

50c AT ALL
NEWSSTANDS

or order direct

Experimenter Pub. Co.

(INCORPORATED)

230 Fifth Ave. - - New York
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiimiimiiiiimimiiiiiiiiimiiiii
DIAMONDS

WATCHES & JEWELRY
v 12 Months To Pay
l__Pay Next Year_

 iujr Direct From
 Diamond Importers

  You save middleman') _
  because we have been
  mond importers since I. -
  18 years. Wo sell only blue-
  white diamonds—no off color
  grades. Everything guaran-
  teed aa represented. Our
  money-baek-if - not-sat Wed
  arantco protocts your or-
  old concom means

Send Your Order
10 days Free Trial

Juat send II deposit or th®
full flr®t payment. rmv post-
man on delivery lb® addition.
•I amount. If an/, to corer
down payments. ray balanc®
In aqual weekly. a®ml-«nonth-

  days to decld®. If not nU-
  ft®d. return and wo will re-
  fund ®r®ry c®nt you paid.

 Open Confidential
 Credit Account

  To open
  without dal

  _____. account
  /. Juat bIto a llt-
  Jon iabout your-

 U® Information (about your-
 self and a fow busmens .ref-

 ......_jnUal.No onowlll know

 what or from whom you aro
 buying. If under a«e. have
 par on hi or suardlnn guaran-
 account oc place order
 you.

 XMAS SPEC

 4 °T™

 BlaeWhlte

 Diamond*

 4 Sap.
   pblre:

  14 Kt.
  Solid
  White
  Gold
  It Jewel*
  N0.VJ8 $49
  •X Down
  •(Week

 B;

 Write For Illustrated Catalogue

  Hundred* of bargains In Diamonds. Watches. Wrist Watch
  Jewelry. Toilet Set®. Tableware, ®tc: Beautifully Illustrated
  hr,not our lar0» Jttt'rv •tort rxoht xnlo your	Buy

  . * ®ucb aa weight, and grade® of diamond®.

STF.RT.ING watch CO.

 1540 BROADWAY. Dipt. 2364.N.Y.

 WindBuick

-$1500.00

  I am going to givo away a brand now. latest modelBuick
Bednn to aomoono who answers this adv . Wo have already
••von away many autos. Thin is tho mostlibera 1 offer ever
made. I tie your chance to win thin Idoal oar. You can win it:
why not try? Tho Sedan wil Ibo dolivored to the winner, or
Winner may havo the fulloaah valuo( *1.105.00)

SOLVE THIS PUZZLE

2 21 93 11 79 22 5 14 
  Can you make out the two words spelled by the numbers in
th® squares above? The alphabet is numbered. A is 1. B is 2.
•tc. What are the two words? Send your answer today—not a
cent of cost to you now or 1 ater.

$305 for Promptness

    I will also giveaway a ChevrolotCoaoh. Orthophonic Vic-
  trolo and many other valuable Priam—besides h undreds of
  dollars in Cash—and $305.00Spsoial ExtraPrizo for Prompt-
  ness. First Prize winner willrceeivo SI .500.00 cash or Buick
  Sedan an dS305.00cash.All whounnwercanR hare in cash and
  prises. In caso of ties the prizes willbn duplicated. EVERY-
  BODY REWARDED. Now,go tout your ponoi land boIvo the
  puzzle—Bend your answer today with narno and address
  plninly written. -- WILLIAM LEROY.

Dept. 1069 315 So. Poorla St., Chicago, III.

t TffIwnotize

 Complete course of Hypnotism. Mind "Reading ana Mag-
 netic Healing, 25 fascinating lesson#. How to become an ex-
 pert. hypnotize at a glance, mako others obey your wishes,
 overcome had habits and enemies. gain in power, wealth,
 love. Simple, easy system. Eqnals $20 course; now only
 $1. Send stamps, cash. No more to pay.

 EDUCATOR PRESS. 19 Park Row. New York. Dept. 51

Magic Book 10c.

   Latest 1927 Edition—100 Pages

   Profusely Illustrated. Over 500
 Tricks described and explained. Re-
 duced Prleo Catalog of Magic—Illu-
 sions — Escapes — Jokes — Puzzles —
 Books and European Novelties in-
 cluded. Amaze and Mystify your
 Friends—It’s easv! Send 10c today.

LYLE DOUGLAS
Station A-9. Dallas. Texas

AMAZING STORIES

  about a pro antj con department in “Discussions.”
  I think that is a good idea and will prove very
  interesting to the readers of the magazine.

   I am in favor of the rib ticklers put out by
  Messrs. Skinner and Simmons, and I utterly dis-
  agree with Mr. Sarason, of New York City, in his
  letter in the October issue. Funny stories like the
  ones in question are, in my opinion, very acceptable.
  They give you a chance to catch your breath and
  indulge in a hearty laugh.

   1 will "sign oil" now with a final admonitio i
  against a semi-monthly magazine. In the first
  place it would boost the price too much, and in
  the second place a steady diet of any one thing
  becomes palling.

   Yours with the hope that Amazing Stories will
  soon be on a paying basis.

                             Glenn D. Rabuck,
                                    Ames, Iowa.

   [We spare no effort to get excellent stories and
  stories strictly in the line of the fiction of science,
  for our very appreciative readers.

   To our mind, in “The Moon Pool,” the descrip-
  tion of the characters is most vivid, especially that
  pf the Irishman with his strange mixture of spir-
  ituality and every-day existence. We are getting
  such interesting letters from our correspondents,
  that our discussion section bids well to be a very
  interesting part of our magazine. We make no
  effort to publish only favorable letters and do not
  omit the unfavorable ones. The latter are most in-
  teresting and valuable. As regards our illustrations,
  the artist, Paul, has received any amount of com-
  mendation from our readers.—EDITOR.]

 THE TARZAN IDEA IN THE DAILY PRESS

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I enclose in this letter a newspaper clipping
  which I thought might be of some interest to you
  and to some of the readers of your splendid maga-
  zine, Amazing Stories. The story was clipped
  from the September 20th edition of the Memphis
  (Tenn.) Commercial Appeal. It may not be worth
  very much but it verifies some of your statements
  concerning impossible things.

   Many persons, after reading Edgar Rice Bur-
  roughs’ “Tarzan” books, may have the opinion that
  the subject is just a little far-fetched. This is not
  so. The "Tarzan” idea is now an established fact
  as may be seen from reading the clipping.

   The stories in Amazing Stories are all very
  interesting and the editorials more so. I am very
  well pleased with the magazine and must con-
  gratulate the editors and staff on the efforts they
  have put forth in making Amazing Stories a suc-
  cess with its readers.

   I am, indeed, surprised to learn that the maga-
  zine is not on a paying basis yet. This is a vcrv
  disagreeable fact and I sincerely hope that this will
  not affect the publication of the magazine.

“BABOON BOY" DISCOVERED IN SOUTH
AFRICA, REPORT
Captured by Troopers After Fierce Fight and
Taken by English Family—Now Grown Man,

But Retains Traces of "Good Old Days ”

     London. Sept. 17.—"Tarzan” has come true,
   and Kipling’s “Motvgli” who was reared by
   the wolves, is not so far-fetched as adult read-
   ers may suppose, according to the report which
   has just reached here from Johannesburg.
   South Africa, of the discovery of a "baboon
   boy.”

     According to the story, a South African
   native baby was kidnaped from his kraal by
   baboons, ivas cared for by a baboon foster
   mother for years and spent a large period of
   his boyhood roaming the wilds with the troop.

     About 25 years ago t~.vo troopers of the old
   Capr police were making their way through
   wild country in Southeast Cape Pro7nnce when
   they came on a troop of baboons. They fired
   at them and the troop scampered away. But
   one monkey who tailed off at the rear seemed
   to be wounded. The troopers galloped up to
   the laggard and to their astonishmentfound
   instead of a baboon a well-grown native boy
   hopping along on all-fours after his departed
   associates.

When they came to close quarters with the
boy he scratched and bit them fiercely and
Put up a hard fight before he was overpowered.

   11is naked state made it exceedingly difficult
   for the troopers to get a firm grip on him.

      All efforts to trace the captive’s parentage
   proved futile. He was. therefore, handed over
   to the authorities of a mental hospital in a
   neighboring town, where he was kept for a
   year and given the name of Lucas. The; boy
   was unable to talk and showed a great dislike
   for orthodox human food. _ Raw meats and
   prickly pears proved to be his favorite diet and
   his appetite was enormous. Though mischiev-
   ous, he turned out not to be irieious and was
   soon won to those about him by kindness. But
   it 7ras found cxt/emely difficult to make him
   walk upright.

     Attempts were made to place the boy with
   son tc one who would undertake to tram him.
   Finally. G. H. Smithy the owner of a large
   farm in the Bathurst district of the Cape Prov-
   ince, heard of Lucas and so, some 24 years
   ago, the “baboon boy” came under the care of
   his present employer.

Mr. Smith at first was worried about the
task he had undertaken, but Lucas had by this

911

LeamtoDraw

A£Homej

EafriMoneu
WhilelYou1
leant

$I00,aWeek

Earned By YouncfArtist

            “I am earning $100.00 a week”
          writes our graduate, P. C. Roberts,
          Fla. "Pretty Rood for a young: man
          of twenty.”

            Graduate Wm. R. Kent, New Jer-
          sey, writes: “I have obtained $100.00
          for a single drawing which only
          took a day to do.”

              Harold A. Allen, R. I., writes: “I
            have made $40.00 in a single day.”
            Henry G. Mcllvaines, Jr., Pennsyl-
            vania, writes that our training en-
            abled him to obtain a desirable posi-
            tion as Artist with one of America’s
            most prominent advertising agencies.
            Earn While Too Learn
            This course teaches you how to draw
            "pictures that sell," while learning. E. V.
            Fritscli, Texas, who had completed only
            one-third of tho course, wrote: "I earn
            $10.00 to $15.00 a day.” Miss H. H. Hart-
            leigh, Mass.. writes: "I have made $235.00
            and I’ve only sent In 12 lessons.” David
            W. Gould. Maino, wrote, while learning:
            "I made $225.00 on one job.”
            Opportunities Everywhere
            Over 50,000 Buyers of Drawings every-
            where; such as over 4,000 Advertising
            Agencies; 12,000 Large Advertisers; 2.500
            Newspapers; 2,400 Magazines; 25,000
            Printers; 1,100 Book and Music Publish-
            ers; 700 Photo-Engravers; 3,000 Depart-
            ment Stores; 5,000 Art Stores. Retail
            Stores also use drawings for advertise-
            ments and display cards. No need to
            leave homo—hundreds of buyers probably
            in your own section. And you can mail
            drawings to distant buyers.

             What Art Buyers Say
         An Art Editor writes: “Please furnish
         names of students in this vicinity." An-
         other writes: "Advise a few of your best
         students to send us samples.” A Maga-
         zine Publisher writes: "We are buying
         drawings from your graduates and under-
         graduates.”

             Send For Free Book
         Handsomely illustrated free book tells
         how you can learn at home this way. It
         tells what our graduates earn; how they
         earned while learning. Tells of big mar-
         kets for drawings and how our Students’
         Service Bureau operates to help capable
         students to sell drawings or obtain a posi-
         tion. Carl C.Thompson writes: "Through
         your aid I have been offered 25 different
         \ positions.” Book is free. No obligation.
         No salesman will call. Mail coupon today.

  •’Bom'’'talent not
  markable method

Washington School of Art, Inc.

 who had never Room 2612-E, 1115 15th St., N. W.
 drawn before.You.	... , .	_ „

 too. can loam.	Washington, L>. C.

 Washington School of Art. Inc.

 Room 2612-E. 1115 15th St.. N. W„ Washington.

 t*1'*" “Oil »IU>oot coat or oblleatioD war book. .!•> dot.ll.
 of Toor offer to n«w otudooU.

Nam*......................................

   (Plonno writ, plainly, Mr.. Mins or Mr. J

City.............................................. Stat«.................

          I'lrntr utafe ag*......................
FOREST RANGERS

  MT'N. KOt Forest Rantjor job; $125-$200 mo. and home
  furnished: permanent; hunt, Huh. trap. For details, write
  Norton, 2030 Templo Court. Denver, Colo.

O Print Your Own

 Yd] Cords, Stationery, Circulars, Paper, etc. Save
 money. Print for others, bit? profit. Complete
 outfits 88.S5. Job press$11. $29. Rotary $119. All
 itrnrffllH rales sent. Write for catalog presses typo
 eiSBlBBiletc. THE KELSEY CO., P-45, Merldon, Conn.
 ----

   time lost his original dislike of human beings
   and was a comparatively docile native boy,
   though still possessing odd, monkeylike manner-
   isms. The boy was found to be covered with
   scars which looked as though they were the
   result of bites. One leg had apparently been
   broken years before but had been extremely
   well set. On top of his head was a semi-
   circular scar which Lucas when he learned to
   talk, said was the result of a kick from an
   ostrich.

     Lucas can only speak English, as his duties
   bring him into contact mostly with only his
   master and mistress. He is very fond of
   children, and his special delight is to take care
   of his employer's little ones. Today Mr. Smith
   would not exchange his one-time doubtful bar-
   gain for any other two native workers.

     Lucas does not mind talking about what he
   remembers of his boyhood with the baboons.
   He tells how one big baboon used to take him
   in its arms on cold nights and put him warmly
   to sleep in the undergrowth of the bush, and
   of how edible crickets were collected from the
   ground to appease the pangs of ever-present
   hunger. On request, Lucas will even go down
   on all fours and give an exhibition of how
   he marched with the baboon herd.

     There is one characteristic of his he has not
   been able to shake off. He has absolutely no
   sense of time. Sun-up and sun-dozvn mean
   nothing to him and he must always be called
   to do a certain thing at the appointed hour.
   When he laughs there is more than a sugges-
   tion of the monkey shrillness in his tone. His
   features too, are particularly simian when seen
   in profile.

     But Lucas holds no brief for baboons nowa-
   days. There is one on Mr. Smith’s farm which
   was captured in babyhood and has been
   petted to middle-age by an indulgent household.
   Lucas, however, is scarcely on speaking terms
   with it.	John M. Sturm,

Hayti, Mo.

   [We arc giving at full length the article fro
 the Commercial Appeal of Memphis Tenn.

   It is hard to believe that the story is authent:
 but it certainly reads very well.—EDITOR.]

AN INTERESTING CRITICISM FROM
CRITICAL READER

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   It is very seldom that I read magazine stori
 as I consider the majority of them too “plebiar
 I much prefer spending my time reading Roma
 Rolland and Fyodor Dostoievsky. It was purt
 an accident that I discovered Amazing Stories a
 now I purchase it along with “Vanity Fail
 "Time” and “Polo” each month.

   Because I am not ordinarily a magazine read*
 I am taking the liberty of writing you to say h
 very much I have enjoyed Amazing Stories.
 few months ago when my regiment went into t
 field for the annual target practice, I took a co
 of your magazine with me, and recommend
 "Green Splotches” to a friend of mine. He «
 joyed the story very much and the result was tl
 the magazine was very much in demand and
 practically had to run a rostor on it.

   However, I must admit that I do not read
 the stories in each issue as there are only a c
 tain number that appeal to me. I had read :
 “War of the Worlds” and the "Time Machir
 a long time ago, and they arc the type I c
 for. I gave the "Moon Pool” a fair trial but •
 not bother to finish it. It promised well in
 beginning but turned into a child's fairy t;
 However, there was no doubt but that it was v
 written and filled with plenty of science.

    I might suggest that a plainer or at least a m
 simple cover would be more appropriate as it wo
 set Amazing Stories above the plane of tcrri
 magazines that line the newsstands with their "h;
 raising” pictures.

   Are contributions from your readers welcon
 And if I should submit one of the stories I h
 written would it receive a frank criticism?

                        Frank Carpenter, Jr.,
 Lieutenant, 15th F. A.,
 Fort Sam Houston, Tex
 fAll this criticism from a very competent ci
 needs no comment from us: in answer to the qi
 tion at the end, we can only say that contributi
 from our readers are very welcome, and we
 give a full examination and criticism to any st
 which our reader submits.—EDITOR-!

     A LIST OF FAVORITE STORIES

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Although not a subscriber to Amazing Stoi
 I have a complete set from its birth to the pre;
 date. My opinion is that it is far ahead of
 other magazines containing scicntifiction stories.

   My favorite stories up to date were: "A n
 to the Center of the Earth;” "The Star;” "'
 Malignant Entity;” "Station X;” "The Man \
 Could Work Miracles;” "Moon Metal;” "A Col
 bus of Space;” "Beyond the Pole;” "Blasphcn
 Plateau; "The Second Deluge;” "The First !
 in the Moon;" "Through the Crater’s Rim;” "
 Man Who Could Vanish;” "The Land That 1
 Forgot;” “The Green Splotches;” “The Pcoph
 the Pit;” "The Plague of the Living Dead ;” "
 Moon Pool;” and "The War of the Worlds.” (
 installment). I also liked the "Scientific Ad
 tures of Mr. Fosdick” and "Doctor Hackens.

912

AMAZING STORIES

The first

AMAZING STORIES
“ANNUAL”

featuring “THE MASTER MIND OF MARS”

EDGAR RICEb BURROUGHS

the first printing of this new marvelous story

                                 EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS
                                 has written many interesting
                                 stories, but we believe, for down-
                                 right originality and exciting inter-
                                 est, "The Master Mind of Mars"
                                 is hard to equal. There is hardly
                                 a page that does not hold your
                                 interest. Once the story gets
                                 under way. hair-raising episodes
                                 seein to tumble right over each
                                 other—they come so quickly.
                                 Besides this, the science is excel-
                                 lent and no matter how strangely
                                 the tale reads, it always, somehow
                                 or other, seems to have an element
                                 of truth in it.

                                                     There has never been presented a
                                                     more elaborate and thrill-provok-
                                                     ing collection of scientific fiction.
                                                     I ncluded among the famousauthors
                                                     are Edgar Rice Burroughs, author
                                                     of the famous Martian stories and
                                                     creator of the Tarzan scries: A.
                                                     Merritt, author of the “Moon
                                                     Pool," "The People of the Pit,"
                                                     etc.; Murray Leinster, well-known
                                                     author who needs no introduction
                                                     to Amazing Stories readers for the
                                                     creation of his hero Burl of "The
                                                     Red Dust,” and "The Mad
                                                     Planet;" H. G. Wells, a writer of
                                                     international fame, who possesses
                                                     the virtues of versatility in writing
                                                     on ifcientifiction.

                                               All stories are complete—116
                                               pages of them, with full page
                                               illustrations. Size of Book 9 by
                                               12 inches.

50c THE COPY EVERYWHERE

If your dealer cannot supply you write direct

 EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., Inc.,

 230 Fifth Ave., New York.

Gentlemen: I enclose 50c for one copy of “Amazing Stories Annual”.

Name.....................................................

Address....................................................

City, Stale.................................................

JRAPWATCH

i>

 SiIveroid Cushion
 Shaped Case

                       onnot bo manufactured In Amorica'for
• fuWuAiWn0 leather it rap. Accurate- -durable • handaonu-
SEND NO MONEY. Pay on dollvory W.99 plus postago. # >EDC cv •

 U. S. Swiss Asonts, 561 Broadway, New York City, d*pt W43

'Anyone CANJCEARN *

                  > taler, t or experience necessary,
  aciaating work. Pays big money.
  / Complete instruction book TCLOjB a
  ABOUT: Alphabet*. Color*. IIOW
  TO MIX PAINTS. Show Cards,
  Window Hoard and Wall .Signs,
  Ready mado Icttcrt), Gilding,
  TRIC'KS of Till-: TRADE, a!3C
  civaa' 100 Alphabets and Designs. Book
  bound in flexible Irat. leather, sold edges.

  and four ball beanng Show C ard -
  IT) U P fj Pens.^ Etook a£d Pen; sent postpaid

 V\! M EARN MONEY IMMEDlATELY-
 0 I / WE FURNISH EQUIPMENT TO START
AMAZING STORIES

913

MONEY-MAKING

Opportunities

Secrets.’ T would like more stories by A. Merritt.
All of his stories interested me.

  One thing I would like would he for Amazing
Storiks to come out twice a month. When this
docs happen 1 know its readers will be, delighted.

  1 would like to see Amazing Stories prosper
and herewith 1 give a little advice whether it may
be right or wrong. Each month the cover of
Amazing Stories is very attractive. 1 am sure
if the magazine dealers would place a copy of
the magazine in a display window where the
public .could see it, more would be sold. The
cover would attract them. But in most magazine
stores it is partly concealed by other magazines.

 Wishing Amazing Stories the best of
fortune, 1 am,	Harry Hess

Bangor, Pa.

  I Our readers must acknowledge that we publish
letters on the basis of their interest and suggestive*
ncss, irrespective of whether they praise or criticize
unfavorably. What we look for and hope for, is
constructive letters, not only from readers who arc
sometimes, as we know, too favorable in their
criticisms, so that the editors van be helped in their
work. AH we can say about our correspondent is
that lie has picked out a number of stories which
have met with our decided approval and which
give us a comforting feeling that Amazing Stories
has done well for its readers.—EDITOR.]

           A FAIR CRITIC
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  When 1 tirst picked up your magazine and
glanced at the cover 1 said; "Amazing Stories 1”
Why not '‘Fairy Stories?”- and my brother and I
laughed together. But although I'm Irish, I'll
admit defeat and after I’d read your selection of
''incredible facts” and read a few stories 1 became
intensely interested and now I'm a devoted reader.

  I wish to make a criticism, however, but it's
about the subscribers. When I read the “Discus-
sions" 1 was impressed by the fact that the readers
bickered back and forth among themselves and
criticised each other for their impressions. Every-
one is entitled to his own ideas. Why not every-
one write his criticism and leave the other fel-
low’s opinion to “rest in peace." Then all time
could be devoted to "constructive criticism" of
the magazine.

  I like stories of chemistry. Can’t we please have
more of them?

  Why is WRNY at the top of each cover? Does
Amazing Stories really have a broadcasting sta-
tion?

  In the August number, is the story of “The Man
That Could Vanish" true?

  I believe that Amazing Stories will help a
great deal to make people give more attention to
science and to let scientists have more of a chance.

  Can’t the magazine have a more substantial
foundation? By the time mine gets read the
second time it’s all to pieces and then I have to
get out the glue, etc., before I can put it into my
1,brary-	Marguerite Keeley.

Los Angeles, Cal.

  [WRNY is owned by the Company publishing
Amazing Stories, so we really have a broadcasting
station of our own. Incidentally, it represents the
highest type of radio work and its programs arc
selected with the greatest care and consideration
to please the unseen audience. “The Man That
Could Vanish,” in the August number, is not a
true story, but it is a great tribute to the author
that it could be thought so.

  We have not been favored by many letters from
readers of the fair sex. We would like to hear
from more of them. We thank our correspondent
for her very nice letter.—EDITOR ]

DIFFERENCES OF TIME—TRAVELLING
INTO THE FUTURE

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Allow me to add my brief paean of praise for the
uniformly high character of your magazine. To
those who devoured the books of Jules Verne,
and II. G. Wells your periodical is indeed a
boon. Allow me also to and my comment on the
stories of H. G. Wells which you have printed.
I am impelled to do so because of the almost
flippant manner in which so many of your cor-
respondents seem to dispose of his stories as dull
ana inferior.

  Of course the stories of Edgar Rice Burroughs,
are full of incident, but the incidents portrayed
are mostly of the blood and thunder sort. Some
minds may prefer stories in which the hero kills
Brontosauri with his naked hands, in which go-
rillas are hatched out of eggs and gradually turn
into human beings of a high order, in which on
every page the hero saves the heroine, and slays
a score of animals or men. But what scienti-
fiction is there in a plenitude of gory incidents?
If stories like those are real, then so are “Perils
of Pauline,” and "Nick Carter.” It is just in
the atmosphere created by such masters as Wells,
Verne, and Conan Doyle that their greatness lies.
They can make a highly imaginative story such
as an attack by Martians read like the story of an
eye witness to the actual occurrence.

  Your correspondent Riordan, in the October issue
of your magazine, is an instance in point. He
asks why no airplanes were sent out against the
Martians. I think in all fairness to Wells you
should inform your readers that “The War of
the Worlds” was written about thirty years ago,

  Salesmen: Write Your Name and Ad-
dress on postal and mail to us. We'II
show you sure earnings of $20 a day.
Will you risk one minute and a ono
cent stamp against $20? Mind you,
wo say we'll show you. Address Bales-
manager; 814 W. Adams. Dept. 7-M,
Chicago. _

  I Will Pay You S2 An Hour to

take orders for Carlton dresses and
coats. Women in every homo, store,
factory and offlce eager to save a third
on our stunning Paris styles. Every-
thing supplied Free but only applica-
tions stating territory, experience and
references will bo considered. Carlton. Inc..
206 South Wabash. Dept. 432-B. Chicago.

   Adding Pencil—New Invention just out;
adds, subtracts, multiplies, divides; guaranteed;
everybody Interested; easy seller; get exclusive
territory and sample Immediately, llouk
Adding Pencil Co.. Dept. 47. St. Louis, Mo.

   Great neckweur line now free! Features
finest quality neckwear at factory prices.
Collect big commissions daily. Write for
FREE tie olTer and FREE outfit. Nawco
Keck wear. Desk 12-F. Covington. Ky.

   Men—Join hundreds others making S-fO

Gaily with famous Nogar$12.50sults. Tremcn-i
clous advertising support. Astounding wc or
demonstration makes quick sales certain. Freo
kit. Write today. Nogar Clothing Mfg. Co..

Dept. CS-12. Reading. Pa.______

   Own your own business. Inexperienced

 workers, spare time or full time, build profitable
 business with our new plan. Show marvelous
 line of actual shoes. Men’s, women’s and chil-
 dren’s. Also durable silk hosiery. Wo start*
 you by furnishing 540 sample outfit. Patented*
 measurement system Insures perfect fit. Every
 day pay day. If you want a permanent busi-
 ness. send for free book "Getting Ahead.”
 Write now. Tanners Shoe Manufacturing Co..

1112 C Street. Boston. Mass._

  Write for free samples. Introduce
•'Chieftain** Guaranteed Shirts 3 for $4.95.
No capital or experience needed. Your Pay
Daily. Monthly bonus extra. Cincinnati
Shirt Co.. Lane 20612. Cincinnati. Ohio. I
Agents $200 month. Bonus besides.!
Introduce finest line guaranteed hosiery you
ever saw. 120 styles, colors; new sales plan a
wonder. No experience needed. No license
to pay. Auto furnished. Credit given. Spare
time satisfactory. Samples furnished. WilknitL
Hosiery Co.. Dept.. 435. Greenfield. O.

Is $10.00 a day
EXTRA worth
a few postage
stamps to you?

Choose your opportune
itics. Write to these
reliable firms. Get a
new start in business.
You don't need to in-
vest any money to make
money this easy way.
Allyouneed ishoncaty,
ambition—and action!
Spare time or full time!
But, regardless of what
your occupation is, if
you want to arrive —
get started.

  $150.00 weekly telling men how to en-
joy clean, satisfactory shaves all year round.
Newly invented Dubelcdge razor blade stropper
makes new blades in a Jiffy out of old useless
ones. Special advertising offer closes sales
for you. For limited time only, we givo
free with each stropper our new patented
pencil which writes 48,000 words without
refilling. Write for freo unique sales plan.
Morton Sales Comp- .......

                   r irec unique sales plan,
                   pany, Dept. 1011. 10-15
                   island City, N. Y.

To advertisers: No
patent-medicine, matri-
monial, “schemes” or
other questionable ad-
vertising accepted.

For rates fn this or other
magazines address Pub-
lishers Classified Ser
vice, g E. 46th Street,
New York City.

4Wh Avenue, Long_

   Wo made $10,000,000 In tho shirt busi-
ness since 1863. Now selling direct at whole
sale prices. Bostonian nationally-known shirts
at 3 for $5.95. Liberal co-operation and big
profits to managers and salesmen. Square deal
value wins thousands of satisfied repeat cus-
tomers. Send for free outfits and samples of
fine broadcloth. Bostonian Shirt Company,
Desk SM12, 72 Summer Street. Boston,

Mass._

  Christmas Money.—Newly patented,
personally monounimined match books. 9 out
of 10 will buy. 300 books printed to order for
$0.60. $12.00 a day for you. Write Ownamo
Matchbook Company, 1775 Broadway. New

York City.______

   $200 weekly selling three safety lights In
 ■one to ear owners. Quick demonstration, fast
 sales, big profits. Write quick. Trip-O-Lito

Company. Iron River. Mien.__

  Men-Women! $2.50hour. Showcomplcto
line Rubber Goods, Aprons. Step-ins, Shadow
Skirts, Baby Comforts. Free Outfit. American
Rubber Products, Dept. 1275. Pittsburg. Fa.

  AGENTS MAKE 5.1.00 HOUR TAKING
orders for 40 fascinating "Handy Things’*
for Kitchen. Sell on sight! Write General
Products Co.. Dept. SM-4, Newark. N. J.

  New different, easier to sell—3-in-I
child’s gym set. Kiddles bee for It. Swing;
rings, trapeze combination. $2.25: your profit,
$1.00. Guaranteed. Sample. $1.25 post-

Eild. Details free. Tho Mordt Company.
opt. Z-55. 350 W. Erie. Chicago. 111.

  Be independent. Establish your own
business. We furnish flavors, toilet p re para-
I 11ons, etc * complete with your own labels.
Lowest wholesale prices—less than your cost
to manufacture. Edral Co.. Cincinnati. O.

  75 miles on 1 gallon. New moisturo

 humidifier and Gas Sa1

wanted everywhere,
introduce. Critchlow,

 Saver. All
 i. 400% Prc
 v. A-3^4, W

  cars. Agencies
  'oflts. 1 Freo to
  Wheaton. III.

   Big Steady Earnings, $35-$100 Weekly
assured reliable energetic men and women self- _
ing famous Watkins Products. Millions of users!

 everywhere. Write for our surprising new plan.fi

Watkins. CS-4. Winona. Minn._R

_ Earn Xmas Money. Write for 50 Setsfc
Christmas Seals. Sell for 10c a set. When sold \
send us S3.00and keep S2.00. St. Nicholas Sealfe
Co., Dept. 385 S. M. C.. Brooklyn. N. Y.

  Women Representatives Wanted. Newt?
Invention prevents shoulder straps slipping. No|
more discomfort. Women adore it. Write for6
particulars, free offer. Lingerie "V” Company.!
5 Lake St.. North Windham. Conn.	1.

   Big Hit! Amazing new Aero Winter Cap!
lor men, women, children; also men’s rain-proof fl
dress caps. $2.80 sale — $1.00 commission. I
Going llko .wildfire. Outfit and full details!
Free. Peerless Cap Co., Dept. P-S0, Coving-1
ton. Kentucky.	!

   Agents wanted to advertise our goodsP
and distribute freo samples to consumers;8
90c an hour; write for full particulars; Americans
Products Co., 9400 Monmouth. Cincinnati. O.jj
Largo Manufacturer Wants Agents to I;
sell, to wearer, world’s greatest shirt values, g
Experience unnecessary. Big commissions paid F
daily. $100 weekly. Extra bonuses and profit- £
sharing. Samples free. Carlton Mills, 114 E
Fifth Ave.. Dept. 31S-T. New York.	t

   Agents: 500% Profit Free Samples Cold,
Sign Letters for Stores and ofllce windows.!
Easily applied. Large demand everywhere. L
Metallic Letter Co.. 431 N. Clark. Chicago.!

   No Bad Days Here! S10-S25 dally! Com-1
plcto guaranteed lino direct to wearer—Dressf!
shirts, Work Shirts, flannels, overalls, pants.%
leather coats, sweaters, playsults. _ Experience!
unnecessary. Big outfit Frcel Nimrod Co.,|
Dept. 58. 4922-28 Lincoln Ave.; Chicago. “
Women! Earn $3-S6 an Hour. Display H
beautiful Fifth Ave. dresses to friends. Fac-|
tory prices. Cash commissions in advance.
Pleasant work. Exp. unnecessary. Write
Fifth Ave. Styles. Dept. 1012. Scranton. Pa.

   Send 25 Cents for a $1.00 Pocket Cigar
Lighter and loarn how to make $10.00 a!
day Easy. Sells on sight. Particulars FREE.|
Rapid Manufacturing Co., 799C Broadway. 0

New York. __

   Free Pants and Free Mufflers with $15f
suits or overcoats. Agents make S3; beautiful[
patterns and colors. Fastest sales proposition, t
Largo samples free. Universal Tailoring Co.,f
CIO Broadway. Dept. C-12. New York City, h
Be a Real Estate Expert. $5.000-515.000F
yearly. Experience unnecessary. I’ll teach I
you everything. Connect you with my chain?
of real estate experts. Write for FREEH
booklet. National Real Estate Institute,i
Dept. 500. Fort Smith. Ark.

   Make $25.00 dally selling colored Rain-
coats and Slickers. Red. Blue. Green, etc. $2.95.
Hat Free. Commissions dally. Outfit Fro'*.
Elliot Bradley. 241 Van Buren. Dept. AF-12.

 I Chicago. Illinois.

1 KNOWLEDGE IS POWER!

Leam While You EamI

   Blrt Rewards, travel, cxcltement fill life
 of Finger Print expert. More trained men
 needed now. Learn at home from world re-
 nowned school. Wrlto for fascinating book
 now free. University of Applied Science.
 1020 Sunnysldo Avenue, Department 10-10.
 Chicago.

write Mr. Ozmcnt. Dept.

 . St. Louis. Mo.

   Be a Hotel Hostess, Opportunities Every-
where, fashionable hotels, clubs, apartments.

 Fascinating orofesslon; previous experience un-
 necessary. Simplified home-study plan qualifies
 you for well-paid position. We put you in touch
 with positions. Write today. Lewis Hotel Traln-
 lng Schools, Sta. AO-WOOl, Washington. D.C.

  Electricity Made Amazingly Easy! Learn

 In 12 weeks on actual Electrical Machinery in

 )cpt.

  Wh

    jVhy not aell us your spare time? $2.00b
 an hour, S19.70 dally easy full time. In-t;
 troduce 12 months Guaranteed Hosiery!
 —47 Styles, 39 colors, for men, women, chll-f
 flren. including latest "Silk to tho Top”*
 Ladies’, Hose. No capital or experience |
 needed. Wo furnish samples. Silk hose fori
 your own use FREE. New Plan. Macochce *
 Hosiery Coj Road 92S12; Cincinnati. O. [

 for big free book today. Coyne Electrical School;
 Dept. 97-75.500 South Paulina St.. Chicago. 111.

  Build a beautiful, powerful, magnetic

voice at home by marvelous method brought
from Europe. 100 por cent improvement posi-
tively guaranteed or money refunded. Wrlto
for book and definite proof In advance. Ad-

 dress Pcrfcct Voice Institute, 1922 Sunnysldo
 Ave.. Dept. 10-19, Chicago.

  U. S. Govt, wants men. $1.900-$2,70&

 at start. Railway Postal Clerk exams, coming.
 Our former government examiner prepares you
 for this and other branches. Free booklet.
 Dept. 209 Pattereon School. Rochester. N. YJ

  $$$ for Photoplay^Plqts. Stories revised

 ____ ______il Socnar.,__________

  Santa Monica Bldg., Hollywood. Calif.

...------...---- ------------Ii'iacu.

copyrighted, marketed. Estab. 1917. Booklet
free, universal Scenario Co., 290 Western &

   Learn innermost secrets of Magic
 quickly at homo and earn big money as a
 Magician, or mako yourself a business and
 social success with Magic as your hobby.
 Full details free. Write Tarbell Systems.
 Inc.. 1926 Sunnysldo Avenue, Dept. 10-19.
 Chicago.

 Men 18 Up. $1900-$2700 year. Railway

  Postal Clerks. Common Education sufficient.
  25 coached free. Write for full particulars.
  Franklin Inst.. Dept. R91. Rochester. N. Y.

  Earn $25 Weekly. Spare Time. Writing

  for Newspapers. Magazines; exp. unnecessary.
  Copyright Book “now to Write for Pay”
  Frcel 1307 Press Syndicate. St. Louis, Mo.

    Men, get Forest Ranger job? $125-$20®
  month. Homo furnished; nunt, fish, trap on
  Jslde; permanent,' no strikes or shut-downs; full
  ■ pay vacations. For details, write Norton, 270
  Temple Court, Denver, Colo.
914

AMAZING STORIES

'pry this/

i

You Can
Now, for the First

Time, Order Three Different
Magazines SENT TO THREE DIF
EERENT ADDRESSES and Still Get the Very

Lowest Wholesale
Prices on Best Magazines!

THIS is News! Big news for magazine readers of all classes! By special arrangement with a number of pub-
lications, we are able to offer you wholesale prices on the best of the standard magazines. Buy your
magazines now under this great offer and you will save half or more than half the price at the single copy
or newsstand rate. And you will save almost half in nearly every instance over the regular yearly subscripton
rates. Furthermore* we shall be glad to send each magazine to a different address if you direct, or all to one, as
you wish.

  Never Before Such An Offer!

  Never before have magazine club* been
offered in this way. Always heretofore
all magazines in the club had to be sent
to one person. We have changed all that!
You can now have all the magazines sent
to yourself, or only one or two to yourself
and the other ones to different persons.

Go In With Your Neighbors

  Show this offer to your friends, rela-
tives or neighbors. Give them the advan-
tage of wholesale price on their favorite
magazine! For instance, you'd like "Radio
News,” one friend wants to renew his
subscription for six months to “Review of
Reviews,” and another one would like
“Illustrated Monthly." Separately the
price would be $6.00; but you can buy
them now for only $2.99! Less than
half!

  Every Magazine for a Full Year

  Every magazine (except two) sub-
scription will be for one full year.
“French Humor” will be 26 issues or six

months. And "Review of Reviews" may
be had for six months if full year is not
desired. If subscriber is already taking
any magazine and present subscription is
not yet expired, mark that name with an
X on the coupon order and subscription
will be added on to present one.

  Three Excellent Xmas Presents

  What would please friends and relatives
more—What would remind them of your
thoughtfulness so many times during the
year, as a subscription to a nice magazine!
What three presents could you buy for so
little money that would look so big? A
dollar or so apiece wouldn’t buy much of
a gift, but think what it buys here. If
you will mark “Xmas" on the Coupon
Order we will send the first copy of each
magazine to reach the name given just be-

fore Christmas and will also send a beau*
tifully engraved Christmas Card announc-
ing it as your gift.

 How to Order—Read Carefully

  Before the name of each magazine is a
number. Order by number only. If you
want "Radio News," "Illustrated Monthly"
and "Success" sent to you, order numbers

I,	2 and 29. If you want "French Humor"
(26 issues) and "Illustrated Monthly"
and "Success” order 5, 2 and 29. If you
want these three sent to three addresses,
indicate by number which magazine is to
be sent to the respective name. Be sure
to send order coupon properly filled out
and don’t fail to enclose remittance—your
check will be acceptable. Order NOW.
We will be rushed later. Get in early and
get quick service.

CONSRAD CO., 230 Fifth Ave., New York

                 References: Equitable Trust Co., New York City; Experimenter
                 Publishing Co., or the publisher of any of the magazines quoted.

GIVE THEM FOR CHRISTMAS!
AMAZING STORIES

915

Money;

  SELECT FROM BARGAINS BELOW:

All Magazines Are for One Year Each, Unless Otherwise Mentioned. Order at Once.

          THESE PRICES NOT GOOD IN CANADA NOR ELSEWHERE OUTSIDE UNIT' j> STATES

You got the pair of magazines listed (1) RADIO NEWS           (3) AMAZING STORIES      (4) SCIENCE & INVENTION  (S) FRENCH HUMOR-6 mo.   
in each column heading plus any one  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  
magazine below. Order by reference   and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  
REGULAR   | OUR PRICE    REGULAR    OUR PRICE     REGULAR    OUR PRICE     REGULAR    OUR PRICE     
                                                                                                    
(6) American Boy                     $6.00        $3.99        $6.00       $3.99         $6.00      $3.99         $5.50      $3.69       
(7) American Magazine                   6.50       5.01        6.50         5.01          6.50       5.01          6.00       4.51       
(8) Better Homes & Gardens              4.60       2.79        4.60         2.79          4.60       2.79          4.10       2.49       
(9) Boy's Life                          6.00       3.76        6.00         3.76          6.00       3.76          5.50       3.39       
(10) College Humor                      7.00       4.16        7.00         4.16          7.00       4.16          6.50       3.89       
(11) Collier’s Weekly                   6.00       4.66        6.00         4.66          6.00       4.66          5.50       4.39       
(12) Cosmopolitan                       7.00       5.01        7.00         5.01          7.00       5.01          6.50       4.69       
(14) Delineator                         7.00       4.98        7.00         4.98          7.00       4.98          6.50       4.69       
(15) Etude                              6.00       4.01        6.00         4.01          6.00       4.01          5.50       3.66       
[16) Everybody's Magazine               6.50       4.28        6.50         4.28          6.50       4.28          6.00       4.09       
' 1 7) Golden Book                      7.00       4.01        7.00         4.01          7.00       4.01          6.50       3.69       
'18) Good Housekeeping                  7.00       5.01        7.00         5.01          7.00       5.01          6.50       4.73       
’19) Hunting & Fishing                  4.50       2.98        4.50         2.98          4.50       2.98          4.00       2.62       
'20) McCall’s Magazine                  5.00       3.14        5.00         3.14          5.00       3.14          4.50       2.86       
21) Modern Priscilla                    6.00       3.56        6.00         3.56          6.00       3.56          5.50       3.29       
22) Motion Picture Magazine             6.50       4.48       6.50 '        4.48          6.50       4.48          6.00       4.19       
23) Open Road for Boys                  5.00       2.69        5.00         2.69          5.00       2.69          4.50       2.46       
24) People’s Home Journal               4.50       2.71        4.50         2.71          4.50       2.71          4.00       2.48       
25) Pictorial Review                    5.50       3.75        5.50         3.75          5.50       3.75          5.00       3.54       
26) Review of Reviews                   8.00       4.98        8.00         4.98          8.00       4.98          7.50       4.76       
27) Rev. of Reviews (6 mo.)             6.00       2.99        6.00         2.99          6.00       2.99          5.50       2.74       
28) Screenland                          6.50       3.48        6.50         3.48          6.50       3.48          6.00       3.29       
29) Success Magazine                    6.50       3.79        6.50         3.79          6.50       3.79          6.00       3.58       
30) Woman’s Home Comp’n.                5.00       3.49        5.00         3.49          5.00       3.49          4.50       3.31       
3 1 ) Youth's Companion                 6.00       3.69        6.00         3.69          6.00       3.69          5.50       3.47       
Special Combinations

>r you can have either of the four
airs of magazines given in column
eadings plus these:

29) Success and (12) Cosmopolitan

23) Open Road for Boys, (19)
    Hunting and Fishing, (8) Bet-
    ter Homes and Gardens......

20) McCall’s, (8) Better Homes and
     Gardens, and (24) People’s
     Home Journal............

28) Scrcenland, (10) College Hu-
    mor, and (20) McCall’s. . . .

32) Popular Science and (33) Sci-
    entific American .........

34) Woman’s World, (8) Better
    Homes and Gardens, (24) Peo-
    ple’s Home Journal and (35)
    Ncedlccraft ................

'lease be careful to mention tium-
ers. We positively will not break
ombinations.

REGULAR

 $9.50

  6.60

  6.10

  10.50

  10.00

  6.10

 OUR PRICE

  $6.01

  3.65

  3.49
  5.99

 7.49

 3.69

These offers not good in
Canada or elsewhere out-
side the U. S.

                                    SPECIAL OFFER COUPON!                                      
           Please Cut Out Along Broken Lines and Mail This Coupon with Remittance.             
        CONSRAD CO., Dept. A, 230 Fif th Ave., New York City,                                  
I enclose $.................. for fol owing subscriptions:                                     
                 Send Magazine No. to                                     Send Magazine No. to 
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
  Send Magazine No.................to                      Send Magazine No.................to 
                                                                                               
Send me w N ................                                                                   
Magazine 1                                                                                     
No........ J Address ........................................................................  

916

AMAZING STORIES

Fire Brigade

NEW 14-INCH ALL-DIRECTION ANTENNA

AWAY WITH WIRE ENTANGLEMENTS_J

                AMERICAN direction ANTENNA V

                                      Take down that old nerlal. don't wait until It blows down. .Send
                                      lor the new AMERICAN and Ret your reception from ALL
                                      DIRECTIONS. No trick antenna—Kuarantvcd to replace completely
                                      and efficiently any ordinary antenna. Occupies a circular spaco 14
                                      Inches In diameter, is all-dircctional. made of pure copper. Mounts
                                      on any pole. Ideal for apartment dweller*. Requires no attention.
                                      Installed in 2 minutes, the new foolproof antenna.

DIRECT I ROM FACTORY—You Save Dealers’ Profit

                                      Sold only direct from our factory. Price of $4.00 is special, we
                                      reserve the right to withdraw this ofTer without notice. Order now
                                      ivhile the introductory offer holds good.

in diameter

American Radio Hardware Co., 135 Grand Street, New York, N. Y.

 L?cUria

    WINNER FOR AGENTS
 SCIENTIFIC MARVEL LIGHTER. What

 makes it light? A demonstration means a
 sale Send SOc. for sample, or $3.00 tor
 dozen In display caso. Money back if you
 are not satisfied.

        NEW METHOD MFG. CO
 Box A.S.-3	BRADFORD, PA.

How to obtain

A Perfect Looking Nose

 My latest improved Model 25 corrects
 now ill-shaped noses quickly, painlessly,
 permunontly and comfortably at home.
 It is the only noseshaping appliance
 of precise adjustment and a safe and
 guaranteed patent device that will
 actually give you a perfect looking nose.
 Write for free booklet which tells you
 how to obtain a perfect looking nose.
 M. Trlloty. Pioneer Noseshaping Spe-
 cialist, Dept. 29M, Hinghamion. N. Y.

°folrEIGHT

I Brilliant Novels

BOOK

FOFcM

YOUR

CHOICE

of

EIGHTEEN

POPULAR

TITLES

Sensational Book Offer

     p'ACH novel complete in a 144-page 5 1/^x8
     book set in large, readable type and pro-
     fusely illustrated with scenes from the film.
     Greatest book value ever.

     If you have seen the pictures, the fast moving,
     brilliantly written stories will thrill you. If
     you read the books first, you will find greater
     pleasure still in seeing the characters live for
     you with your favorite stars.

     Below are given 18 titles, of which you may
     choose any 8. Clip the coupon below and en-
     close $1.00, mentioning the books you desire,
     and we will send them to you at once postpaid.

HERE ARE THE TITLES:

 1.	New York 7. The Dixie Flyer 13.	The Road to Mandalay

 2.	Campus Flirt 8. The Now Klondike 14.	Tracked by the Police

 3.	Almost a Lady 9. Forbidden Waters 15.	Tell It to the Marines

 4.	The tove Thief 10. Sensation Seekers 16.	What Happened to Jones

  5.	Les Miserables II. The Rambling Ranger 17.	The King of the Jungle
  li. That’s My Baby 12. Don't Tell the Wile 18.	The Cat and the Canary

     While the Supply Lasts Place Your Order

f................................v

I CONSRAD CO., INC.,	■

 • 230 Fifth Avc., New York, N. Y.

 1	Gentlemen: I cnclosc $1 for books Number...........J

2	Name............................................... J

■ Address............................................. I

I	I

I City..................................State..........a

 before there were such things as airplanes. A
 for the marksmanship of the British artillery, Mi
 Kiordan has an exaggerated opinion as to whs
 Americans could do in like circumstanccs. Th«
 tanks in the last war were far slower object:
 than the Martian machines, and yet the recor*
 of direct hits was quite low. Even at a thousant
 yards, you must get the range first, before yoi
 cjui hope to hit your target. These Martians, ac
 girding to Wells, retaliated with their heal ra>
 before the range could be found. Their ray and
 their poison gas, combined with their mobility,
 undoubtedly made them irresistible. Cortez ir
 Mexico, and Pizarro in Peru never had such an
 overwhelming superiority in arms as these Mar-
 tians possessed in the story, and yet they conquered
 empires with actual handfuls of men. As fot
 the description of the flight from Ixmdon, it is the
 best thing in the book. The disorganization of
 humanity, its frantic fear, its pell-mell rush from
 the new terror, are all told so vividly that you
 forget you arc reading fiction. It helps to make
 the story seem real. How many writers can do
 that?

   There is one kind of story that depends on an
 utter fallacy. And that is the Fourth Dimension
 story in which Time becomes tjie Fourth Dimen-
 sion. 1 think that Wells knew; it when he wrote
 "The Time Machine." That is why he disposes
 of the reasoning which would seem to argue for
 the possibility of moving in the future in a page
 or two, and tnen proceeds to tell you an engrossing
 tale as to what might happen to humanity and the
 world in the incalculably remote future, A. Hyatt
 Vcrrill, however has made the mistake of making
 the reasoning the story, with the result that his
 talc is a farrago of mathematical nonsense.

   Mentiroso discovers that the reckoning of
 hours is different all over the world, and from
 that argues ingeniously in much the fashion that
 the ancient Pythagoreans argued. If you can
 fly fast enough you will leave Calcutta on Tues-
 day and arrive in Peru on Monday. As a matter
 of fact it is true that radio messages are sent on
 Tuesday and received on the previous Monday.
 Send a message from London at one in the morn-
 ing of Tuesday and it will arrive in New York
 the previous Monday evening. But the fallacy lies
 in the purely arbitrary ^division of the week and
 the day. Mankind performs most of its miracles
 by symbols. The year is determined by the
 earth’s orbit, the day is determined by the earth's
 rotation about its axis. The month, the week, the
 hour, the minute, and the second are purely ar-
 bitrary divisions. If time is different in two
 places it is because the difference was artificially
 created by mankind. Suppose mankind had said
 that instead of counting the hours according to
 sunrise and sunset, the hours all over the world
 should be the same. Instead of the sun rising in
 New York at five o’clock it would rise at ten;
 instead of going to work at nine we would go to
 work at two. We should easily grow accustomed
 to counting the hours differently, because we have
 already done it with one hour, our daylight saving
 time in Summer. If the hours should be reck-
 oned the same the world over, what then becomes
 of Mr. VerriU’s argument about jumping back in
 time? As a matter of fact such a reckoning
 would probably be more sensible than the present
 confused method. We don’t shift our months about
 to suit the weather, why shift the hours about to
 suit the light? If Mr. Verrill should take a trip
 to the Argentine, he would find the trees blossom-
 ing instead of losing their leaves, the flowers would
 be budding, the insects humming, summer would
 be about to begin, whereas with us it is ending.
 Would he then say that he has travelled six
 months into the future, or six months into the
 past? If he would I should tell him to be his
 age. January isn’t July in the Argentine because
 their January weather corresponds to our July
 weather. The time is the same, the weather is
 different. It is the same with daylight. The pres-
 ent time is the same here and in Calcutta, the
 light is different. No matter what your speed in
 travelling, time would be consumed, and you
 would arrive in New York from Calcutta later,
 and not earlier. The same time is called by dif-
 ferent numbers in the two places, that is all.

   Another instance: Accordinp to Jewish chro-
 nology this is the year 5688. Should Mr. Vcrrill
 step into a synagogue, would he be 3700 years
 older, because our reckoning says 1927? Absurd,
 isn’t it? Why? Because both chronologies arc
 artificial, and made for convenience of reckoning.
 It is just as absurd to say that a radio message
 leaving England Monday evening and arriving in
 New York at noon Monday takes five hours less
 than nothing in time to get to its destination.
 Both times are artificially named for purposes of
 convenience. So if Mr. Verrill should step from
 Russia where it would be November 1st into
 Poland where it would be November 14th the
 same day. would he step into the future two weeks,
 because Russia follows the Julian Calendar, and
 Poland the Gregorian? The time is exactly the
 same, the labels are different in the two countries.

   All this talk of moving in the past and the fu-
 ture is fallacious. The theory seems to he that
 just as we see the light of stars hundreds and per-
 haps thousands of years after those rays were sent
 out. we can catch the past by the light that past
 happenings made. This does not take into ac-
 count that with the passing of time and traversing
 of distance all waves lose their strength and are
AMAZING STORIES

917

fyNJc i

 AU, PARTS

mounted

FREE/

,© TUBES

uxaoiAivfi
(Jested and
iitauhed.

is®1 Can be wired
in a few minutes

fCOAST*
to COAST
BCC£»»-
LTION ,

guJf. Wil'h «lth fS«ln wiJ r(»f Ury>* 1

Roll Fltm('ameraor22cal. Hamilton Kill.-.— ^	.. v-'

introducing finest assorted liquid pcrtumc at 15c	V-.,-.

«Ddfor20tx>Ule9udcboo»n giftnaperotlor .nour cs^Iok. IF# Irxut

wr.tc to HELL PEBFUML CO., Dep. C933, ChlO*|Oi III.

Lend wlnga to your eyes! Brins: people
and objectsmileaawayclosotoyou. Won-
ler telescope brings new pleasures to A
mw—mm home, farm, camp, /S

aSr - 'Sxl Tr;;v’ * ii,r'■ Study jfk

               thomyaU-riiiusmin
P \ spoty^ Bee Moon JK®

                never before.

            See people
tnllca nwny on the beach, on
the mountains, etc.

FREE Yea absolutely
freel A hand-
some Leatherette Carry- J
Ing Case and shoulder
StrapwitheachWon- AB
der Telescope.	vffHT

F. Bru.h wrot.:“W«tcbed
■nbmtrm* three	jfHWj’

milea oil oowt.’ CUP aSPm
    m-Ti	«

                 Power
                 Lenses

 H Brass bound:
 measures 12in.
 V closed-.powerful
 F achromatic lenses

r protected s-.

by dustK&&-^-J

Thousands ESiSbiB

- , P'«M«d Tra.o, and

                Ed. Foster: - Sport
      'Toll time on clock rami
      Wt-jM r> miloa away." C. feiK*'y4'5i
      WW Scribner: “See light- PSJStf
      MW house 18 miles away.” |p.aE?a?*.i
      Dr.. Mra- Yofdbrough: study tho
      y Could ti'll color of aero- Hmtmjs

J plane 4 miles away." S. M. I- rn

 __ Gearheart: "Can see men	I

 mW working 7 inlkw away." A.R
 fW Walker:7,Would not tako $10»I
 Jm for it.” Used by young and old. At the Race*

rSend No Money

  On delivery of Telescope and free Case, pay
  Postman only $1.85, plus postage. (2 complete
  outfits $3.60). Or send §1.85 and we pay post-
  age. Try for 5 claye* at our risk. Satisfaction
  ^ guaranteed or money refunded. Send to-
  ■ .y. bo first to entertain your friends |

^FERRY & CO., Bern. io80,chlc“K°

An amazing value that cant he beat!

Latest 6-tube tuned radio-frequency
circuit. Extremely selective, marvel-
lous sensitivity. Two stages of radio
frequency, detector and 3 audio am-
plifiers for improved tone quality. Two-dial con-
trol. All-metal chassis. Shielded. Clear and
realistic reception guaranteed. Beautiful front
panel, crystafine finish. Metal panel and sub-
panel; all parts mounted. Simply connect a few
wires. No special tools needed. Vernier dials for
fine tuning. New type UX sockets. All hook-up
wire and colored battery cable included. Value
$60.00, our price $16.95.

Simple Wiring Directions

                Very easy to wire this set with the In-
                structions we furnUh. Just connect :i
                few wires. That Ik nil. Can be wired
                in a few minutes by anyone. No radio
                . knowledge needed. Multe money by wlr-
                j ing these sutu in your spare time and
                I selling them to your friends.

 *0 RADIO
 KNOWLEDGE
 V MKCDED/

SEMPMO MONEY

 Just writ© your name and address on a post card and ask
 us to send you this great outfit together with 6 tubes. We
 will ship them right away. When they arrive, pay only
 SI6.95 plus a small delivery charge.

RADIO EQUIPMENT CO.

Dept. A 549 S. Wells St. CHICAGO. ILL.

NEW YEAR - NEW IDEA
PATENT YOUR IDEAS

Call or send me a sketch of
your invention. Phone Longacre 3088
Cprr Inventors Recording Blank
r I'LL Confidential Advice
U. S. and Foreign Patents secured by

7 H PnLAr.HEKRc8 pateRtA?torney

n.r ULMOriui\ Consult. Engineer
■ 1234 BROADWAY. NEW YORK®

                 Dice. S5.00: Card,. SI.25; Inks. $1.50;
                 Magic Fluid for Transparents. $3.00;
                 Slick Ace Cards. $1.25; Factory Readers,
                 $1.00. Sales Hoards, etc. Catalog 10c.

    CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY
    740 W. Madison Street, Chicago. 111.

BE A DETECTIVE

 Earn Big Money. Work homo or Travel,
 investigations. Experience unnecessary. Write
 American Detective System, 2190 Broadway.

Antaziif^JVewCilassCieaita

 £fg(5 a DayJPROfIT/

                      tTEBE’S an absolutely new, money-making proposition
                      that will bring you big profits—easy profits—QUICK
                      PROFITS I You can make $50 a week in spare time—
                      S100 in full time—taking ordors for JIFFY GLASS CLEANER—a
                      new, pure, harmless liquid that easily and instantly cleans glass
                      Burfacos without water, soap or chamois. Think of it I Unequaled for
                      cleaning windows, mirrors, windshields, show cases, eyeglasses, etc.

Anyone, Anywhere, Can Earn Big Money

                              All you do is demonstrate to housewives, automobile owners, stores,
                              paragon, etc., and take ordors. We do not sell doalers. AU busi-
                              ness from your locality must come through you, and you alone get
                              the profit on every order. Every demonstration brings you two to
                              four ordors. Just moisten a cloth with _ Jiffyt Glass Cleaner, rub
                              over the surface of the glass and then polish with a dry doth. In-
                              stantly removes all dust, dirt, grease and grime without streaking.
                              After one application windows shine, gleam and sparkio like crystal
                              —and stay clean twice aa long.

Albers Made $47 a Day!

 Henry Albers, Ohio, made $47 in ono day and
 ho says that $100 a week is easy for him.

 Men and women everywhere are making amaz-
 ing profits with Jiffy Glass Cleaner and my
 350 other fast-selling products. Chris. Vaughn,

 Ohio, made $125 in a week; L. 0. Van Allen,

 111., averages more than $100 a week; Mrs.

 K. R. Roof, S. 0., earned $50 in her first
 week's spare time; Mrs. B. L. Hodges, N. Y.,
 earns $18 to $20 a day; H. C. Hanson. N. D.,
 makes $75 a week in sparo time. You can
 make this big money, tool

      Send No Money

 I don’t want you to send me a cont. All I
 want you to do is let me show you how you
 can make $50 to $100 a week, without experi-
 ence and without taking any course of train-
 ing. I agree to furnish everything you need. ■
 to tell you what to do and say in this easy. ■ Addre*».
 fascinating work. You positively take no risk ■
 whatever. You can’t lose a penny and yet ■
 you have a wonderful chance to reap big prof- ■

 its quickly. You can make $10 to $20 a day
 right from tho start.

Mail

Coup

 Glass Cl«

on NOW

 Introduce Jiffy Glass Cleaner in your locality
 while it’s new. This is your chance to make
 more money than you’ve ever made before.
 Send coupon for full details—without cost or
 obligation to you I A cl quick for big profits.
 Send coupon TODAY 1

 ■’th* jiffy class cleaner co„

 j 3500 Monmouth Ave., Clnolnnatl, Ohio.

 I Pii'a,.e send me full dotails of your money-
 J making proposition without cost or obligation.
 ■

! Name....................... • .........

(Print or Write Plainly.)

Marvelous Townsend

“B” Socket Power Unit

 transmuted into other forms of energy. Take
 sound waves. These lose their strength and are
 dissipated so swiftly that the human ear can tell
 the difference. The same is true of heat waves
 and even light waves. Anyone owning a radio set
 will tell you the same of radio waves. If that
 weren’t true any transmitting set could make itself
 heard anywhere and everywhere. So the sounds
 of all the past have long since been dissipated, and
 so have the light waves that this earth may have
 sent out, as tar as the world is concerned. So
 that anyone trying to catch the past out of the air,
 as if unwinding a movie film, will find that the
 light waves have served to warm the air, the
 earth, the water, have aided in the creation of
 electrical, radio, and countless other activities, but
 are wholly unavailable for review. Certainly you
 couldn’t hear any sounds made in the past. Sound
 waves dissipate too easily.

   As for moving in the future, not even Wells
 can make out a plausible case for it. To get an
 impression of something that something must have
 existence. If nothing exists how can its image be
 taken? The future is too much fraught with doubt.
 All nature is accidental. Tomorrow we may enter
 a poison belt such as Arthur Conan Doyle describes,
 or we may Le torn from the sun by another star,
 or we may explode suddenly, or another glacial
 period may come stronger than the last, to wipe
 out all life. How can accidents be caught before
 they happen?

    Of course one should not cavil at works of fiction,
 because they arc fiction. At the same time the
 author of a work of fiction would do well not to
 reason too much about impossibilities. By doing
 so he spoils the entire effect. When, like Mr.
 Verrill, the author confines himself to the reasoning
 only, the result is arrant nonsense.

                            I. M. Lichtigman,
                                Brooklyn, N. Y.

   [The term "arrant nonsense" could be applied
 to many of the World’s classics. Your remarks on
 time are most interesting. Do you not see that tin-
 very story you criticize has set you to thinking and
 there is suggested by you a most interesting idea?
 As you very justjy remark, the acceptance of day-
 light saving proves your idea to be sound.

   All that you write is interesting. But there
 is an error in the story which escaped author,
 editors and proofreaders, and seems to have escaped
 your notice also. On page 753 of the November
 issue, the author reverses the rotation of the
 earth.—EDITOR.]

 Replaces “B” Batteries

 Enjoy greatly improved recep-
 tion and forget unreliable ''B”
 battery nuisance. Every part
 in the Townsend "B” Socket
 Power Unit is made and as-
 sembled in our own factory.
 That is why we can give you
 a high grade instrument at a
 startlingly low price, with areal
 guarantee of money back if
 not satisfied. Delivers up to
 too volts on any set, on direct
 or alternating currcnt—any
 cycle. Full tone, clarity and
 volume.

ORDER TODAY

  Just put your name and address on
  a piece of paper, pin a SI.00 bill
  to it and mail today. Your "B
  Socket Power Unit will be sent
  promptly. Deposit only $5.85,

 ¥lus postage, with the postman,
 ry out for ten days—then if not
 delighted by improvement in
 reception, return it to us and
 purchase price will be refunded.
 Send today.

 TOWNSEND LABORATORIES

Dept. 41

 713 Townsend St. Chicago, IU.

 Complete- NOW

 Balance C.O.D.

  London, Ont., Can.
  "Am very well pleas-
  ed with your Elimi-
  nator. Since using it
  I have had many
  more stations and
  greater distance.”

         C. E. Bond.

        Dewey. Okla.
 “I am more pleased
 with your Eliminator
 than I wu« with bat-
 teries."

B. E. Dourbton.

        Renova. Penn.
 *‘I have received the
 Townsend Eliminatov
 and it works fine."
 Clahknck Witcuey.
COO KOO

* • n\\’ » • *.*** *L-

.♦ v * *♦ Afc* *• * »*•»«V

\# ^ 4* • \** • «	*1

-\*v* *.* *V v * v *» -A

      % V* **\wut“‘vwvu» I

   \v^*Vu\v.-«A

ACOOICOO NUT is a new wrinkle to
pass away your time. Far more
interesting, more entertaining and more,
humorous than a cross-word puzzle. The
COOKOO NUT illustrates an ordinary,
well-known saying in a distinctly new
manner. Study the examples on this
page. The test of a COOKOO NUT is
that there must be no question as to the
correctness of the description. Tlie quo-
tation must absolutely fit the COOKOO
NUT, otherwise it does not go. Cover
up the captions of the COOKOO NUTS
on this page, and make your friends guess
what each COOKOO NUT stands for.

An exciting new game is to play COO-
KOO NUTS at parties where everyone is
asked to make up an original C00KOO
NUT. The most mirth-provoking one
gets the party prize.

The best COOKOO NUT printed in
FRENCH HUMOR gets a weekly prize
of 25.00. For every other one accepted
FRENCH HUMOR
pays 21.00.

 *’A POPOLft*

 vfct^NS-CLlJ.

ptP.'0°

£^£Mce

 Franc©, that magic land of humor, wit, and keen, Knife-edged
 “parlay,” offer* humor-loving Americans, its choicest, finest
 humor through the new weekly magazine, “FRENCH HUMOR.”
 Your first copy of “FRENCH HUMOR" will prove what we

10c WEEKLY ON ALL NEWSSTANDS
STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
 AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC., RE-
 QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS,

  OF AUGUST 24, 1912,

  Of Amazing Stories, published monthly at New
York, N. Y., for Octobcr 1, 1927.

State of New York
County of New York, ss.

  Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the
State and county aforesaid, personally appeared
Hugo Gernsback, who, having been duly sworn ac-
cording to law, deposes and says that he is the
editor of the Amazing Stories and that the

following is, to the best of his knowledge and be-
lief, a true statement of the ownership, management
(and if a daily paper, the circulation), etc., of the
aforesaid publication for the date shown in the
above caption, required by the Act of August 24,
1912, embodied in section 411, Postal Laws and
Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form,
to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, managing editor, editor, and business man-
agers are:

  Publisher, Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc.,
230 Fifth Avenue.

  Editor, Hugo Gernsback, 230 Fifth Avenue.

  Managing Editor, Hugo Gernsback, 230 Fifth
Avenue.

  Business Manager, Charles E. Rosenfelt, 230
Fifth Avenue.

  2.	That the owner is:

  Experimenter Publishing^ Co., Inc., whose stock-
holders consist of: Hugo Gernsback, Sidney Gerns-
back. Robert W. DeMott, Dr. T. O’Conor Sloane,
H. W. Secor, I. S. Manhcimer, all of 230 Fifth
Avenue, New York City. Mrs. Catherine Major.,
545 West 158th St., New York City. M. M. Finu-
can and L. F. McClure, both of 720 Cass Street,
Chicago, 111.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and
5ther security holders owning or holding 1 per
;ent. or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages,
>r other securities are: NONE.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving the
tames of the owners, stockholders, and security
idders, if any, contain not only the list of stock-
holders and security holders as they appear upon
he books of the company but also, in cases where
he stockholder or security holder appears upon the
>ooks of the company as trustee or in any other
iduciary relation, the name of the person or corpor-
ition for whom such trustees is acting, is given;
ilso that the said two paragraphs contain state-
nents embracing affiant’s full knowledge and belief
s to the circumstances and conditions under which
tockholders and security holders who do not ap-
>ear upon the books of the compaxiy as trustee,
iold stock and securities in a capacity other than
hat of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no
eason to believe that any other person, association,
*r corporation has any interest direct or indirect
tt the said stock, bonds, or other securities than
s so stated by him.

H. GERNSBACK.

(Signature of Editor, Publisher.)

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day
»f September, 1927.

JOSEPH H. KRAUS,

Notary Public.

    (My commission expires March 30, 1929.)
  Seal]

THE BREAKERS

ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.

On the Ocean Front
PREFERRED—In Autumn and all seasons
by those who know and want the best. . .
either upon the American or European
plan . . . and sensible rates withal.

For the Breakers’ Guests—

Health Baths	Golf Privileges

Orchestra Afternoon Tea Dancing
Garage on Premises
When in Washington visit HARVEY'S
RESTAURANT, 11th & Penna Aves.
Famous since 1856.

OEL HILLMAN, President.

ULIAN A. HILLMAN. V.-Pres.

AMAZING STORIES
Opportunity Ad-Lets

919

AGENTS WANTED

 ARVEO POLISHING CLOTHS sell every-
where for 25c. New and improved. Absolutely
safe for hands and all kinds of metals. Exclusive
territories open to first class agents. Write for
our unusual proposition. Arveo Industries, Box
147-A, Grosse lie, Michigan._

 YOU ARE WANTED TO RESILVER MIR-
RORS AT HOME, immense profits plating auto-
parts, tableware, etc. Write for information.
SPRINKLE, Plater, 815, Marion, Indiana._

  Sell subscription to magazines known the world
over. Steady monthly income with absolutely no
investment required. Hundreds of selling argu-
ments every month. Start now. Full information
sent free, no obligation. Agency Division, Experi-
menter Publishing Co., 230 Fifth Ave., N. Y.

  Agents—Make $15 day selling Pearls: Every
woman a customer; Samples 45c; Particulars
Oriental Pearl, 149 Fifth Ave., N. V.

_AIRPLANES, AVIATION_

 MODEL AIRPLANE ENGINES: “ p. in
3 lbs.; 1 h. i>. in 5 lbs. Stationary Engines: '/
h. p. in 10 lbs.; 1 h. p. in 15 lbs. Circulars tree.
DYNAMIC MFG. CO., First Nat’l Bank Bldg.,
Chicago.___

ART

  French Novelties for Men. Send direct to
"Gay Farce" (or sample and lists. Only 25c
stamps (not coin). D. Morey, Boite Postalc 55,
Dept. 739, Paris, France. (French postage 5c).
_BOOKS_

  Complete files ol Amazing talcs. Argosy, Popu-
lar, Peoples, All Story or any other magazines.
For sale at 10 cents a copy. Richard Zolin, North
Baltimore, Ohio._

 MAKE AMAZING STORIES COME TRUE
by reading “AMATEUR CHEMIST” and experi-
menting—10c—THOMPSON-ALLEN LAB., 410
W. Pine, Shamokin, Pa.

 HYPNOTISM WINS! 25 easy lessons and 248
page illustrated reference guide, $2.00. “Mind-
reading" (any distance). Wonderful, $2.00. Sci-
ence Institute, A430, Milwaukee Ave., Chicago.

  Talking with the Dead? 128 page interesting,
truthful book. Contains History of Spiritualism,
marvelous performances. Bible's viewpoint. 108
startling proven cases, etc. Book and sample
magazine—25c. Baker, 3801 Wood Street, Erie,
Penna.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  $100 month in your home folding and mailing
circulars. We furnish everything. Particulars and
samples, 25c. Graves Mailing Service, Harwood,
Texas. _

  $100 per month in your home, folding, mailing
circulars. We furnish everything. Particulars and
samples 25c. Adams Mailing Service. S-845, Box
102, FrackviHc. Pa.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

  Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged. Money*
back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses bought).
Lee Mountain. Pisgah. Alabama._

DETECTIVES

  DETECTiy ES Earn Big Money. Travel, Make
secret investigations. Experience unnecessary.
Particulars free. Write, American Detective Svs-
temi2190Broadway, N. Y.

FOR INVENTORS

I AM in touch with hundreds of moneyed mei:
and manufacturers who wish to buy good inven-
tions. Hartley. 38 Court St.. Bangor. Maine.

_HELP WANTED_

Men wanting outdoor work, quality for forest
ranger position. Start $125 month; cabin and
vacation; patrol the forests, protect the game; give
tourists information. Write Mokane, Dept. M-30,

Denver, Col. _

_HOW TO ENTERTAIN_

Plays, musical comedies anil revues, minstrel
music, blackface skits, vaudeville acts, monologs,
dialogs, recitations, entertainments, musical read-
ing, stage handbooks, make-up goods. Big cata-
log free. T. S. Denison & Co., 623 So. Wabash,
Dept. 20, Chicago.

_MISCELLANEOUS_

WOULD YOU spend twenty-live cents to be
able to play all chords on the piano at sight? If
so send for your copy of “Bannon’s Chord Chart
for Piano." The easiest system known. B & L
Music Specialties Co., 123 Flowers Ave., Pitts-

burgh, Pa._

FORMS to cast Lead Soldiers, Indians, Marines,
Trappers, Animals, 151 kinds. Send 10c for
illustrated catalogue. H. C. Schiercke, 1034 72d

St., Brooklyn, N. Y. _

HOME business brings handsome income. In-
formation 10c. On Coe, 129 East 59th St., New

York.__

100 GENUINE Indian arrowheads from Arkan-

sas. $4.00 postpaid. H. Daniel. Lamar. Ark._

_PATENTS FOR SALE_

FOR SALE—copyright 896.851, New Game.

Address Box 266. Fo-.ioria. Ohio._

_PHOTO FINISHING_

NOW EVERYBODY can own a folding
Camera. Our FREE offer makes it easy. Liberal
allowance on your old box camera. Free films.
Free developing. ARTCRAFT, Box 302, Wilkins-
burg, r.i.

    PRINTING, PRINTING OUTFITS
_AND SUPPLIES_

PRINT YOUR OWN cards, stationery, circu-
lars, paper, etc. Complete outfits, $8.85; Job
Presses, $11, $29; Rotary, $149. Print for others,
big profit. All easy, rules sent. Write for catalog

Sresses, type, paper, etc. Kelsey Company, F-67,

leriden, Conn.__

YOUR OWN CORRESPONDENCE STA-
TIONERY. Name and address neatly printed on
200 letter sheets and 100 envelopes, nicely boxed,
only $1.00. postpaid. The Ideal Gift Package.
OBERMAN COMPANY, Box 1268, Chicago, Illi-
nois___

_SONG POEMS_

SONG Poem Writers. Write Sequoia Song-
writer’s Service, Sherman Branch, Los Angeles,

Calif._

(FREE) “Song Writers’ Guide.” D24-1239

Elm, Green Bay, Wis._

SONG Poem Writers—Write Hibbeler, D165,

2104 N. Keystone Ave.. Chicago._

_STAMPS AND COINS_

200—200—200! Send for our 200 outfit con-
taining 200 stamps; 200 hinges; approval sheets
to hold 200 stamps; perforation guage; millimeter
scale and ruler; duplicate stamp container—all for
only 15c to approval applicants. EDGEWOOD

STAMP CO.. Dept. C.. Milford, CONN._

STAMPS—-Approvals 60% discount. A. Givens.
25 N. Farson St., Philadelphia, Pa.

A NEW RADIO LOUDSPEAKER

This Dual Tone Speaker Reproduces the High and Low Notes Perfectly

BUILD IT YOURSELF FOR $12.50

The COMPACTCONE is a thirty inch cone speaker, so arranged that it fits into a cabinet
fourteen inches m diameter and seven inches deep. It has two distinct sound chambers, one
being designed to reproduce the high notes and the other to carry the low notes of the tube and
the base viol. It is damp proof and cannot be affected by weather conditions.

The usual thirty inch cone, while possessing won-
'* derful tone value, occupied so much space that it
is considered impractical. In the COMPACT-
CONE the diaphragm is full thirty inches but it
i is so arranged as to occupy a space but fourteen
: inches in diameter.

    Tiie COMPACTCONE may be had in the com-
!£ pleted form and in knock down kits. In the knock
i down form we supply all the necessary parts, cut
■;£ to fit and ready to assemble, with full directions
% for assembling. Y'ou can put one together in a
very short time.

■ Write for our free beautifully illustrated catalog

Miniature Ship Models, Inc.

                  Dept. AS
         3818-20-22-24 BARING STREET
         PHILADELPHIA. PENNA.
         CANADIAN BRANCH
         ■J 1485 Bleury Slrcel	Montreal, Canada
920

AMAZING STORIES

THRILLING STORIES of MODERN LIFE

Love
Marriage
Romance
Adventure
Humor

Get Acquainted With This
Fresh New Magazine
of Fascinating
Stories

For a
Half Year
of the
Best
Magazine
Entertainment
Send Coupon
With $1
NOW!

SPECIAL OFFER

 Modern Story Magazine,

 423 West 55th Street,

 New York City.

 Gentlemen:

 Enclosed find $1 for which send me the next SIX
 issues of Mom kn Story Maoazink, in accordance with
 your special offer to readers of Amazing Stories. Or,
 find 25 cents for a single copy.

Name .............................................................................................

Street .............................................................................................

City ................................................ State...............................

On Sale
Everywhere
25c
a Copy

A Few
of the Stories
in the Current Issue

EYES OF YOUTH

Has Modern Youth a Code of Its Own?

THE WAY OF A MAN

    A Gripping Romance of the North

NO QUESTIONS ASKED!

    A Modern Experiment in Marriage

BLIND DATE

    She Wasn’t So Had, But-
REE lO DAYS TRIAL

E NEW
IMPROVED

^Jhe Terfect Writing Instrument

GREATEST VALUE EVER OFFERED

$1000 REWARD

 lo anybody who can prove
 lhat these testimonials were
 soliciteJ by us.

    Inkograph has proven so satis-
  factory and has elicited consider-
  able favorable comment am
  enclosing money order, please
  send me three more. T. J.
  Trow, Traveling Claim Agent,
  Joplin, Mo.

  The Inkograph fully justifies
  .11 claims you make. I own n
  Waterman but Inkograph is far

 preferable. Frank R. Sargent,
 Oakland. Calif.

   You have one of the best
 writing instruments I ever used
 regardless of price. I use the
 lowest grade stationery and
 there Is never a blot or scratch
 because of its round smooth
 point. It is a wonderful inven-
 tion. L. H. Orley, Albano, Va.

    Oh boy. I am tickled skinny
 to have the Inkograph, it’s a
 darling. I can now make carbon
 copies in taking orders and send
 original in ink to factory instead
 of a penciled sheet. It surely
 flows over the paper as if it was
 grease instead of ink. No
 trouble at all and a thing I
 could not do before to trace
 straight _ lines very fine and
 clean. No smear, no muss of any
 kind. It’s just great. E. A.
 Simms, Jersey City. N. J.

    My Inkograph Is the smooth-
 est writing instrument with
 which I have ever written. That
 is saying a lot. I am a teacher
 by profession. 1 have a $7.00
 pen and another that cost more
 than the Inkograph, but Inko-
 pranh is better than either. It
 is the greatest improvement in
 writing instruments since the
 Babylonians recorded theii

  thoughts on clay tablets with a
  triangular pointed reed. John
  R. Atwell, Chadwick, N. C.

    My Inkograph is the first and
  only writing utensil I ever owned
  that I can use with pleasure.

 To be without it for any time
 would upset my business day.
 It has always worked i*\rfectly.

 iet ray business day.

  I have never had any difficulty
  with It. Arthur L. Fox. Center-
  ville. Mich.

     I am a bank teller, have used
  all kinds of fountain pens but
  can honestly say for my work I
  never found a pen so easy and
  tireless to write. You can pick
  it up any time in any position
  and write immediately and all
  numbers and words will l>e the
  same. Try and do it with any
  other pen. My buddies all
  agree that It is best for our
  work. O. R. Morlcy, Allen-
  town, Pa.

     Delighted: It writes bully—
  you have invented a pen that is
  perfection. It is so much more
  rapid than my $9.00 fountain
  pen. I wish you abundant
  success. S. L. Carlton, Aurora,
  111.

    I am very well pleased with
  my Inkograph. It is just what
  I have been looking for. I have
  had several ink pencils but noth-
  ing like the Inkograph; it writes
  like the point was greased and it
  makes no difference what kind of
  paper, it is fine for shipping taps.
  S. T. J arret t, Harrlsville. W.

     The Inkograph is all that you
  daim it to l>c. Enoiosed tuid

 Ser for two. Robert Heller,
    igsvillc, Pa.

   The Inkograph, I am
 thoroughly convinced, is the
 best writing instrument I have
 ever used. It is sure, sane and
 clean and always ready to use.
 I am very well pleased with it.
 J. E. Hampton. Pen&acolu, Fla.

N!

       EVER before Has any manufacturer of a standard writ'

        ing instrument which is guaranteed to give perfect sat-
 isfaction, offered you so great a value. Remember, the
 Inkograph answers the purpose of both pea and pencil com-
 bined. Its point is ^shaped like a fine lead pencil point andi
 writes with ink free and easy without a miss, skip or blur.

 The steady uniform flow of ink actually improves your
 handwriting. [Won't blot, scratch, leak or soil hands,

   You who already possess a standard fountain peri
 will find the Inkograph a most valuable addition to
 your writing equipment, for it will do everything
 any fountain pen can do and many very important
 things which it is impossibleto accomplish with
 any .fountain pen at any price.

    Combines the Best Features

  of botli pen and pencil, minus tha weak points ofl
  both, plus improvements not found in either.

  Tlie lead pencil smudges, the point breaks hn:X
  its writing soon is obliterated. Most fountain
  pens skip, scratch, flood, clog, leak, blot, soil
  hands and clothing. The old stylographic inlj
  p, ba"

 Draws
 Lines to
 a Ruler

 Without

  pencil dries up, balks, blots, writes heavy,
  flows -unevenly and is never reliable. The Ink*
  ograph feeds as fast and uniform on the
  20th page as it did, ou the firs$

  Cannot Leak

Not the tiniest drop of ink will spill,

  although one filling is sufficient to write
  thousands of words, Will write oa an$
  quality of paper. ✓

   Makes 3 to 4 Carbon

   Copies

 at one time with Original in
 ink. Bear down a9 hard as
 you like without fear of bending,
 spreading, injuring or distorting

 its 14 Kt. solid gold point.

 Are you a salesman?—use aq
 Inkograph, make out _ your
 orders in ink and retain a
 duplicate for your records.

 Do you wish to keep
 a copy of your private
 correspondence .£ *—“ use
 an Inkograph. Do yoi
 do office wort which
 requires clear carbon
 copies?—use an Inko-
 graph. Do you make
 out bills or sales
 slips?—use on Inko-
 gr.iph and make a
 permanent pri^m*
 al in ink with
 carbon copies.

 You can per-

                             smearing ,
                             smudging or
                             blurring the
                             paper. Writes
                             with any color
                             pi ink.

                     Requires
                     No Blotter

                               The ink dries as fast
                               as you write, because
                               the flow is fine, even
                               jamiorm.

Patent
Automatic Feed.,

                    Prevents clogging. JTo
                 complicated mechanism to
                 /clean or pet out of order. A
                 year’s Guarantee certificate
                 with full directions accom-
                 panies each Inkograph pjid is
                 {your absolute protection.

An Instrument of
Refinement

     rln appearance, quality, workmanship
     material it is the equal of writing
     Finstruments which sell for a great dea
     ' niore. It’s beautifully* highly polished
     finest quality of black, Lard rubber, it’s
     14 Kt solid gold point and feed, safety
     " ficrew cap, self-filling lever and clip make
     ttt an instrument of distinctive elcgance and
     t'efinemcnt. Each Inkograph is designed
     and finished to please the eye and fit the
     Jhand of all.

You Who Are Dissatisfied With
Your Fountain Pen

  Try the Inkograph—remember, ali we ask you
  to do is try it, for if it docs not prove thor-
  oughly satisfactory and if it 19 not bandicr and
  docs not write

  mit any one to

  Svrite with your
  I nltograph,

  for no _ stylo
  o i writing
  cati affect
  the Inko-
  graph point

  a9 it wi“

 a foun
 tain pen

SAME
SIZE

 $7&$8.75

  FOUNTAIN

rm

        femoothcr and # id

       not far superior
  to any fountain
  pen you ever
  owned, whether it
  cost §5, $6, $7 or $8,
  return the Ir.kograpn
  to us and we’ll refund
  your money—no ques-
  tions asked.

 Inkograph Co., Inc.

 93-147 CENTRE ST.
 NEW YORK, N. Y.

TW<

 7INKOSRAPH

 .AccoM.usmw.r_

 That Hard smooth round
 ball-like point,which glides
 with ease over the coarsest
 paper and makes posaiblo
 writinc in ink as rapidly
 aa with tho softest lead

   Received my Inkograph. Am
 surprised to know how well I can
 write with it. The Inkograph is
 a wonderful little writer, it’s my
 friend now for good penman-
 ship. I am writing thie letter
 with it; can you tell the infer-
 ence between In kograr. 1 «n«l
 pen letters? I Can is my answer.
 C. R. Fuller, l’attcrson, Mo.^

    I received my Tnkograph with
 which I am writing this letter.
 I have purchased at least one
 dozen ink pencils. Yours seems
 to be the only one that gives
 perfect satisfaction. I believe
 you have solved the problem
 of the perfect writing instru-
 ment. Dr. Richard T.
 McLaury, Dunkirk, Ind.

   The Inkograph is tndy the
 best pen I ever bad the pleasure
 to use barring no price or make
 of pen. after I tnke into con-
 sideration the high price I
 usually paid for a Parker, or a
 Waterman pen. I cannot sec
 how such a low priced pen aa
 the Inkograph can be put on the
 market and give such unusual
 service. Harvey L. Winston.
 Brentwood, Calif.

    In making out local requisi-
  tions. it is necensary to make an
  original and two carbon coplea
  on very heavy paper, and the
  Inkograph does this twice aa
  well t as the hardest indelible
  pencil, and Is much neater and
  the original is much more
  legible. Win. L. Fortney,
  Pluccrville. Ia.

    Your Inkograph Is everything
  you state. It is just wonderful.
  So send me two more. Artlmv
  Ollcott, Tucker, La.

   Gave pen thorough tryout.
 Enclosed find sample of work I
 have to perform. Have been
 using pencil. Never got entire
 satisfaction. Hard pencil makca
 original too pale and soft pencil
 makes poor^coj*^. I am highly

 pleased. s. M. Cooper. In-
 quiry Division, P. O., South
 Bend,Ind.

    I found the Inkograph all you
  represent it to be and I was very
  well satisfied with it. I made a
  great mistake when I bought the
  Inkograph, as I did not takeout
  Loss or Theft Insurance on the
  pen, for the pen is gone. I am
  writing this to ask that you send
  me another Inkograph by re-
  turn mail, charges C.O.D. I
  can recommend the Inkograph
  very highly to anyone who needs
  a pen which will stand up undcxr
  very hard usage. George B.
  Moore, Columbia, Fla.

    It sure has improved my hand
  writing—I never took home any
  medals for penmanship but I can
  almost read my own writing
  since I got this pen. M. F.
  Johnson, Medina, Wis.

    I want to thank you for the
 return of my Inkograpn pen.
 which you repaired for me. I
 feel rather lost without this
 pen in ray pockct. I prefer it to
 any pen I ever carried principal-
 ly because of the ease with which
 one can write with it. not having
 to be careful whether you slide
 the ix*n to the North. East.
 South or West, it flows freely in
 all directions. Wm. B. Brown.
 New York, N. Y.

   Received my Inkograph and
 fame is filling a long-felt want.
 Kindly send two more of the
 Bamc style by parcel post collect
 as soon as possible. Theodore
 PncsUey, Akron, Ohio.

    I lxmght one of your pens a

 Sr ago. You sure build the
 : pen on the market to my
 notion. Frank R. Ellsworth.
 Fargo. N. D.

    I wouldn’t take S5.00 for the
  pen I am wnting this letter with.
  I have a good fountain pen but
  don't write any more with it. I
  am proud of the Inkograph and
  that I can say this to you and
  mean every word of It. R. H.
  Wilson, Leckley, W. Va.

DEALERS

 Stationery Stores, Drug Stores,
 Department Stores, etc., send for
 our catalog and trade prices.

/

SEND

/NO MONEY

AGENTS

 Sell Inkographs, make bigger profits,
 more sales, without investment.
 Quicker commissions, popular prices,
 no competition. Send for on Inko-
 graph or writo for special (sales plot*
 booklet.

 /

 Your name and address are suffi-
 I cicnt. Pay postman SI.50, plus

    /postage on delivery'. WTicn remit-
    tance accompanies order, Inkograph
    / will be sent postage prepaid. If within
    » ten days the Inkograph docs not prove
    # satisfactory return it and we’ll refund

  /# your money without further correspond-
  l cnee. It is because we are sure the Ink-
  ograph will meet your requirements to
  perfection that makes it possible for us to
  Slake you so attractive an offer.

 This Coupon Properly Filled Out necessafy!

 Semi it today and procure one of the New Improved Inkographs
 on a 10-Day Free Trial, with no strings tied to it. If you prefer
 smaller size with ring on cap to be carried on watch chain or
 ladies soutoir, mark X here □

 INKOGRAPH CO., Inc., 93 147 Centre St., New York, N. Y.

  Gentlemen: You may send me your Inkograph.
  postman $1.50, plus postage on delivery.

 I will pay

 Name.

 Address.

City................................State.
Unlocking For Ton

the Age Old

 Secrets of Magic

Baffling secrets of the world’s greatest magicians—mys-
teries never before divulged—supernatural effects of
the Orient—massive stage illusions—the most priceless,
most treasured Secrets of the Magic Profession now—
Jor the first time—disclosed to YOU in the great Tar

 bell Course in Magic. Learn to perform like a real
 magician in a short time—in your spare time—at home.
 Be the life of every party—the center of every crowd,
 wherever you go. Business and social success are YOURS
 when you know Magic. It’seasywith the Tar bell System!

Astonish Your Friends

Study the first lesson and your friends will be amazed
at your wonderful Magical powers. You will have that
Magnetic power that gives you instant popularity in
any crowd. Everyone will marvel at your apparently

 supernatural, psychic power. YOU possess this talent
 now! Surprisingly easy to bring it out. Send the
 coupon below now — and find out how easily you
 can do it.

Earn $250 to $1000 a Month

  From Impromptu Tricks through Sleight of Hand to
  Great Stage Illusions—EVERYTHING is taught to you
  ‘ so that you can go right out and MAKE BIG MONEY
  WITH MAGIC. There is a tremendous demand for
  Magic Entertainment. Clubs, churches, schools, con-
  ventions,; theaters are on the lookout for Magicians—

 Tarbell System, Inc., Studio 11-99

1926 Sunnyside Ave., Chicago, 111.

  Please sgnd me your big FREE illustrated and colored
  bookletjjiYing full information on the Tarbell System «
  of Magic. No obligation on my part whatever.

> I (A .	»

Namfc----------------------------------------------------------------------------------i

v ■	■

• i	■

Address.....rj)------------------------------------------------------------=

City and State...........................................Age-------

  and they pay $25 to $100 for perhaps half an hour’s
  program. Keep your job and make a lot of EXTRA
  MONEY on the side. Just master a few easy tricks.
  Salesmen—businessmen—professional men—all can
  use Magic to gain popularity and profits. Easy for YOU
  to make $250 to $1000 a month!

Mall Coupon!

  You can now get this great course, endorsed by the
  world’s greatest magicians, at a special low price. But
  you have to act quickly to get ia on this offer. Write

  today SURE!

 TarbeU System, Inc.,' studio n-99
 1926 Sunnyside Avenue. Chicago, 111.