JULY	PRICE

10	CENTS

MCCLURES

MAGAZIN E

FOR JULY.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE S. S. MCCLURE CO., 141-155 E. 25TH STREET, NEW YORK CITY

10 Nof'olk St.. Strand. Londo* Eng Copyright, i8*7. by Th« S. S McClu'* Co £nt«r«d 11N.Y. Po»t.Offc« n> S*«ond-Ca»* Mail Matter
if you have a son or a brother \	* .'Vjy

or a sweetheart there,he will tell \	■ Jr A

you why—If you use it yourself	1

you know why. Physical exercise

with the bath. The bath is absolutely necessary to health

—with Pears’ Soap it adds comfort, pleasure and

beauty to life. Sold everywhere—but be sure you get PEARS’.
McC L f'RE'S MA CIA 7JNK.

/	TAR HAMS

k ?Jz* i Sliced Star bacon

\4.	in 11b. tins.

I >1 ■?***' W &\ k NOTHING FINER	/

         CAN BE PR0DUCED- //
         Armour £_Company, Chicago-

Mew York — Philadelphia boston —- W^-shingfton
               tvnd all principal cities.-*

unore
MCCLURE’S MAGAZINE

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1897

   I. Professor Henry Drummond. A Portrait                                  Frontispiece  
  II. The Smallest Republic in the World            Mary Gay Humphreys       •      • 735 
      With pictures.                                                                      
 III. The Grindstone Question. A Story . .          Robert Barr                     . 748 
      With pictures by W. D. Stevens.                                                     
  IV. Professor Henry Drummond. His Life,           j- The Rev. D. M. Ross   •      • 759 
      Character, and Work .......                                                         
      With portraits.                                                                     
   V. The Two Barks. A Tale of the High Seas        A. Conan Doyle                  • 769 
  VI. The Log of the “ Mayflower.” Chapters         )                               • 775 
      from Governor Bradford’s Lost “History”           
      With map and facsimile.                                                             
 VII. St. Ives. The Adventures of a French Prisoner Robert Louis Stevenson          • 778 
      in England. A Novel. Chapters XII.-XV.                                              
VIII. Andrew Jackson at Home. Reminiscences         j- Rachel Jackson Lawrence      • 792 
      of Him by his Granddaughter.....                                                    
  IX. Life Portraits of Andrew Jackson. With        j- Charles Henry Hart .         • 795 
      Introduction and Notes.......                                                       
   X. Grant in a Great Campaign.....                Hamlin Garland .            00        
                                                                                0         
                                                                                <-n       
  XI. Uncle John and the Rubies. A Story . .        Anthony Hope .                    8l2 
With pictures by C. L. Hinton.

Terms: $1.00 a Year in Advance; 10 Cents a Number.

    A CAUTION.—Subscribers to the Magazine should be very careful to whom they pay money. All
remittances, whether through agents or collectors, or by money-order, draft, check, or in currency, are made at the
sender's risk. IVe take every precaution we can to save subscribers from deception and fraud, but we must have
their co-operation to the extent of being fairly prudent and cautious for themselves.

McClure’s for August-Midsummer Fiction Number

    A striking new ballad by Rudyard Kipling; a strong Western story by Octave Thanet; a charming
dialect poem by James Whitcomb Riley; a particularly interesting installment of Robert Louis Stevenson’s
“St. Ives”; a romantic story of a king who got his freedom, by Robert Barr; a characteristic engineers poem
by Cy Warman ; an adventurous tale of the high seas, by Conan Doyle ; and a beautiful chapter of child life
by William Canton, author of the delightful and popular " W. V. ller Hook ”—these are some of the features
of what will be throughout a most interesting number.

   THE GREAT DYNAMITE FACTORY AT ARDEER, SCOTLAND—where “nitroglycerin,
a teaspoonful of which would blow you to fragments, surrounds you in hundreds and thousands of gallons”—will
be the subject of a descriptive paper by II. J. W. Dam, profusely illustrated from photographs and drawings made
for this special use. [This article, at first designed for the July number, will certainly appear in the August number.]

    ILLUSTRATIONS. The number will be no less notable on its artistic than on its literary side. It will
have a cover of special design, and the illustrations will be many and of unusual interest.

S. S. McCLURE, President	HE S. S. McCLURE CO.

F. N. DOUBLEDAY, Vice-President

Albert BHIBLR^DY\^c?eUtrry	141-155 East Twenty-fifth Street, New York City

Entered as Second-Class Matter at the New York (N.Y.) Post-Office, June 9, 1893.
Copyright, 1897. by The S. S. McClure Co. All rights reserved.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Something JVcw Cinder the Sun!

    What every woman has wished for and never had is here, and here perfected and
patented after months of experiment—

La Rose Comb

for drying the hair quickly after bath or shampoo ; for cleansing
the hair of dust and dandruff without wetting.

are compose ! of three simple parts : A pure rubber

comb, especially designed for the purpose. An ab-
sorbent band of terry cloth, which of itself would tend to give the hair
softness and gloss, while collecting dust and dandruff or drying the hair
after washing. A light, non-rustable holder, silver-plated, and silver-plated
handle. Combs thoroughly tested by many women, and a hair-dresser of
long experience, who, having given them most persistent trial, pronounces
them ideal. There are absolutely no ch -micals or other preparation of any
kind or description used on the absorbent. The hair is cleaned solely by
the absorbent on born sides of the comb holder, which only requires to be
kept clean.

Petite rtf Itlorif . SIMPLICITY; DURABILITY. They will thor-

I	Vllllo VI IIZvl II • oughly clear the hair and scalp of dust and oil,
without wetting. They will thoroughly and quickly dry the hair after
washing. And the hair is being combed and put in the best of order during
the drying process. LaRose Combs combine the perfect comb with the
properties of brush, cleaner and dryer. Women may enjoy a shampoo as
men have. No need of tiresome rubbing, or of sitting with tangled hair
over chair-back or register. TENDER SCALPS and tired heads will not
recoil from the use of LaRose Comb with its wide teeth and comfortable
substitution for the harsher brush. BICYCLERS can remove the dust from
their hair with no more tro.ible than a usual combing gives. BATHERS
re.-d have no worry about getting the hair wet. LaRose Comb quickly
dries and smoothes the tu nbled tresses.

CAROLINE MISKEL-llOYT

“H Contented Woman”

  Ufritcss

          NEW York, March 31,1897.
Gentlemen:

    During my constant use of LaRose
Comb 1 discovered that it served as a
cleaner fully as well as a dryer. The
significance of this will be appreciated
by the millions of women thus emanci-
pated from the disagreeable necessity
of having 10 wet the hair.

Caroline miskel-fioyt.

   The complete outfit,-^comb and
cleaner combined is $1.00 by mail
postpaid. One will last a lifetime.

   And after using it merely as a
hair cieaner for a month you wouldn’t
be without it for a hundred dollars.

    Remit by check, post-office order
or registered letter to

    THE COTTIER MANUFACTURING CO.

           150 Nassau Street, New York

    Money back after 30 days trial if it
isn’t ail we represent it to be.

l’lease mention McClure's when you write t» advertisers.

3
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

/v\

Announcement of

A SUPERB POPULAR EDITION

OF THE CELEBRATED

5elf=Interpreting Bible

TO OUR READERS

    With the announcement made in McClure’s for May, of the magnificent Edition de Luxe of the new
Self-Interpreting Bible, has come so strong a demand for a more popular edition, at a price within the
reach of all, that we have prevailed upon the publishers of this new and remarkable work to put forth
such an edition; and we have made arrangements to offer the entire issue exclusively to our readers.

                 The new edition may be properly described as a popular de Luxe; it is identical in form
TOUr and appearance with the higher priced work; complete in four sumptuous volumes; text and
^umnftlAtK illustrations alike being printed from the same new, clear plates, on superfine paper, and
”	bound in handsome style, in keeping with the fine character of the work. It is indeed a

Uolumcs real de Luxe at the price of an ordinary edition; and it is now offered upon such exceptional
            terms that few need deny themselves its possession.

    Issued originally in an edition limited to 250 numbered copies, Bible readers, Bible scholars, and art
lovers have united in according to this Bible unstinted praise. It is indeed a bold and brilliant conception,

4
MCCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

typically characteristic of and possible only to our own day; and it has been welcomed by the foremost
of our religious teachers and authorities as ‘‘the most important religious publication of the century.”

    We believe this is not over-stating the fact. It seems almost incredible that the best known book in
the world could by any process be transformed into a practically new work. And yet this is just what has
here been actually accomplished. The foremost idea has been to elaborately illustrate the Sacred Word by
photographic reproductions of the actual scenes and actual places made memorable in the scriptural narra-
tive, and by placing these illustrations directly opposite to those passages or portions of the text, to vividly
illuminate and make real the incidents to which they refer; the other was to gather up
in a single comprehensive work the best that has been written by biblical scholars in	440

all ages, in criticism, comment upon and elucidation of the Scriptures.	» ..

    The result is truly astonishing. As L)r. Charles II. l’arkhurst pointedly says: rwllTflg*

“ The photographs not only adorn the Sacred Word, but arc in themselves a graphic PbOtO0l*apb$
commentary which helps wonderfully to put an impress of reality upon the scenes and
localities that they portray.” We take up this new Bible, and Bethlehem and Gethsemane, Jerusalem and
Damascus, Galilee and the Jordan, which before have been to us little more than names upon the map,
become for us real places. They stand before us, we conceive, but little changed from the time when Jesus
and his apostles preached and taught.

    This is not pictorial fiction, but photographic reality. We have had what purported to be illustrated
editions of the Bible before. But the pictures they present have been, almost without exception, imag-
inary, meaningless and often misleading. In the present work we have, it seems to
ChC OnC	us, the one truthfully illustrated edition of the Bible which has ever been published,

    rmthfiillu These photographs have been obtained at heavy expense, they are fresh and new, and
CntinTUIIy t|iev must( we believe, be strongly stimulative to the popular study of this sublime
Illustrated Bible “ book of books.”

                        When we add to the really wonderful help of the illustrations, the encyclopaedic
character of the commentaries and explanations, we believe that no other edition of the Bible exists so
well calculated to make biblical reading interesting and profitable and perfectly clear to the understanding
of all. It is not merely a book for scholars and expositors. While it is a wonderful aid to these, it is 7%*
much more—a Bible for the home, for the family circle, for the young people; a Bible which young and
old alike will read with a deepened insight, with a new illumination, with a larger sense of the marvelous
power of this " miracle of books."

*

*

Our Truly Great Offer	J\ Complete

    By contracting for the entire edition we have been able to secure this magnificent Biblical
art-work for our readers for a little more than half the regular subscription price, and	Eibfary

further, when desired, upon very easy monthly payments. The entire edition, in this

way, will be devoted to introducing a few sets into each community, preparatory to the regular subscrip- 'J -
tion canvass ; when, as already stated, the price of the books will be advanced.	♦ig'V

    We agree, upon the receipt of $1, to deliver the complete Bible in cloth binding (four sumptuous
volumes) at once, and enter your name for a year’s subscription or renewal to McCli kk’s Magazine, the
balance, when the purchaser so wishes, being payable at a dollar a month for twelve months. The Ilalf-
Morocco binding, which we strongly recommend, is only 25 cents a month extra, and the full Morocco
style, especially desirable for presentation, is 75 cents a month extra. But $1 secures immediate posses-
sion of the entire set in any style of binding.

    We have implicit faith that the volumes will more than meet expectations, and we therefore assure
any purchaser that if the set which he receives is not perfect, and satisfactory in every particular, he
may return it at any time within a week from its receipt, and his remittance will be refunded. Application
should be made promptly to

McCLURE’S MAGAZINE BIBLE CLUB, 141 East 25th Street, New York.

 A Magnificent Art Bible ~

NOW	^

Within the Reach of All 1

5
FERDINAND BRUNETIERE
(Paris)

writes on “ Taine ” and “ Renan.”

CHARLES ELIOT NORTON
      (Harvard),
      on “ Dante.”

PROF. CHAS. WALDSTEIN
    (Cambridge, Eng.),
    on “ George Eliot.”

PAUL ROURGET
(Paris),
on “ Flaubert.”

McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 The Warner Library

The Last of the Fine First Edition

uts

    Announcement was made in McClure’S for June that
owing to the phenomenal advance sale of Charles Dudley
Warner’s new Library of the World’s Best Literature, the
desirable first edition, always so highly prized by book-lovers,
was practically exhausted, but that the publishers had re-
served for us 50 sets of the few that remained, exclusively
for our subscribers. The demand for these was so great
that our reservation was all taken within two weeks from
the time the announcement appeared; and a considerable
number of orders were left unfilled.

    As this has been the cause of some dissatisfaction, we
are gratified to announce that, from the sets left over from
the reservations made by several other magazines, we have
secured a sufficient number to fill these orders; and further
to make an additional reservation for our readers of about
60 sets more.

    These will be the last we shall be able to obtain, and
judging from the demand last month it will be necessary,
in order to secure these, to make application immediately.
This should be done by letter to Harper’s Weekly Club, of
91 Fifth Ave., New York, through which the Library, while
in course of publication, is being distributed. The Club
will furnish full information regarding this superb work and
the terms upon which it is now offered.

    It will hardly be necessary to repeat here that the entire
first edition was set aside by the publishers for the purpose

THOMAS W. HIGGINSON
    (Cambridge, Mass.),
    on “ Epictetus.”

6

JOHN BACH McMASTER
(University of Pennsylvania),
on “ Macaulay.”
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

of introducing and advertising the work, as a means of
acquainting the public with its exhaustive character and
revealing the completeness with which it covers the whole
field of letters, ancient and modern.

    It is the universal custom of publishers to set a higher
price upon their first editions, since it is possible to obtain
from the new, fresh and unworn plates the utmost clearness
and beauty of outline, alike as regards type and illustrations.
But as a special inducement this edition was offered at a
price equal to about one-half the regular subscription rate,
and furthermore, as a concession to the character of the
times, the privilege of very easy monthly payments was
accorded. These terms apply to the few remaining sets
reserved for McClure readers; but under the plan adopted
by the Harper’s Weekly Club the price at which the Library
is being offered is being speedily advanced, so that those
who subscribe now will effect a considerable saving over
those who delay.

    Regarding the Library itself no more can be said than
we have said. No work within recent years has met with
such prompt and unqualified recognition; nor, on the other
hand, has there been another publication which has engaged
such an extraordinary array of talent in its production.
We believe it will speedily come to be recognized as the
Boston Globe recently described it, as the “authority of
authorities”—the one great standard work upon the World’s
Literature which exists in the English language, and for
that matter in any tongue. It is indeed a Library of such
standard value, representing as it does not merely the
finest scholarship of this country, but the thought and
literary culture and criticism of the most brilliant minds of
two continents, that we have no hesitancy in not merely
recommending it to our readers but in urging them to take
advantage of the remarkable terms under which it is at
present obtainable, and become its possessors now.

Copyright by Elliott & Fry. London.

PROF. K. KAY LAN REST HR
(Oxford),
on “ Darwin ” and “ Huxley.”

FKANCISQUE SARCEY
(Paris),
on ** Dumas fils."

Copyright by LAMSON, WOLFFE & CO.
PRINCE SERGE WOLKONSKY
(Russia),
on '* Russian Lyrics.'

ANDREW LANG
(London),

“ Dumas " and “ Scott.”

RICHARD HF.NRY STODDARD,
        (New York),
        on “ Burns.”

7

JOHN BURROUGHS
(West Park, N. Y.),
on “Whitman” and “ Thorenu.
McCLHUE'S MAGAZINE.

 , y a;

 ■I-J "

g-5

O	3
uz <u

c ^

^8
£ .
.. >-
c/) a;
a; •-
b/} =
9

 o c/)

u- ^

8|

 i/-,^

CO ^
^ rt
tT~
rt °

      aJ
      Cu

o 3

^ c

S 2

> cn
cS *p

 4-* r—.

0’S

lS

 i- JD

a v

9~13
E <->
f—i

« I

SP8
S —

^ bio

J3-S

.&>S

W bio

c ~

.“ <U

■So

■2-8
CL p

o c

O 3

C ^
uz ^3

 to ^5
 *•“ aJ
 <— L.

 .Si to

'f rB
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

V

 V5

 <U

 tA

CO

CS

   •-7J Or"
   u-?.0 u

 I&*

  M M G

  S-e-g

 'aS

   •O <« 3

  « tro

 CO

 i'S c

 |°«-=S

 .91*2$

  .=

 8*5

 S.Sf
 23.0 ‘

 SC to ■
 ■3 i ti 0«

«J 3 -s o

rt u v- 2 u

SJ«“-S“ 2

O -5 O « rt 3

53-S^ ««c

>s °-££*

L s«ac

o « u «

£3-5 '

 5S“§

 > 0'«.E
 ? o o .-•

  : r’o >.

  2 &*= 5
  :.5fn rt

 •o 5 0 £

 ill I

Sura

 a.£ £u

 agog. sfcv2g
 f««o rtS^S

 «_ «- J3 "a <es

 > tj « «
 ? 0-5-5

 •2 ? p‘5.
 S^S g*|2

1 S* ^coS

Pill •S^J

8 « « a >J-00
2-a V'53 § 2 ttc-

fiJ‘=.2 3

Spurt’S

   C£.S

— c 22 "s he

" uO I |

 cfl o . TJ 2
 3-G 2 c~ w

 85! §£:a
 8*3&54

c . u-o > —

sj&llt

• ■ S 2 “

v!E °

rss-.

g o ? o a

 03

 5 « 3

 1.11

 ■c>-?

 ■O K#

 c £>.£ o

 rt 0 rt 5
 »-2 2 a
 «'5Crt^

  ' W	«* ^

 •5»gSs8

 e-sg-^s

  Si 2 £-5 *■£

 -N **S
 2-5 *5*1

  *> « « *.‘S £

iiUSi

 2	•-s • s t'*
 o ® s £ 21

 ■5 £ *. « M 2

 5 2 g.-e’s.sf

:Jl|f?

 3	u S < £ c

 2,0	tn «

 'tV1rL' C is 5
 3 ® «u 5*
 O .rZ- 2

 jg S S « -

1I<h!|

*—i.
_ i>« y o i?
■0-5* 3-S M

 vl *■— ft gj “

 So °.2
 8 e g,Qr s

 O o2 -.a

 «J 5 -2 u ® 2

 -A.i;- <5 « 2

 S'—• t) ^ *"
 ^•HCQ y

 M 3 C 3 W
 W Cug o c U

 rt 0-5“-“
 i2 ^ 3 © rt
 C - rt C ® J3
 « — . « « -3

 8 0 —‘ « oc j

 f*! g.c’s
 Sh.|

2 «- -2

 £5 2>. 5*

 T c . f.

 O rt

uk«i0         1 
^S-.siS S   u 1 
&•§& I          
J III     111 • 
 .r=“|is,io'-i

cl ’^2§"5o*f§

SlSlll.S2

 rt O r	L/ tfl

o'u*J~v^ ° "c « O

^2 5 o 2 £ S

^11 IK US

  hJ ^ C/5 T%	l-» *7“ ** —'

5! u.tiii'u c J. ^

 -r-t	.X	W	V. —-	^

  •2 eg u b

?	ej'Sjo g*

- o

 —1 ^ .T^ u "a - aj •*-*
 S’ *5 ^ ^ bf/'TD ^ 2 73

 «.£•© o-g.S = w « c

.^- — h -f ^ -- — o u _ .2

•s-sj^ss-s.s a

 V.-^ « „ . bo r« « > o
 %-l 3
 O eft «»

c . «, OT « ^

   >5 Ji rt ^ c

■,3-' Se^I

« i2 w 5

m ._ •— O

 bo <

 rt

            “ O _«J u

■g-Bfiaegljfi^o

., «fl ° R <W ^ ,X « , H U

•So °d " « ^ ? SP S

 •9 3	^ u w S .-'O

C O	® fN C A	^

^ S	° o M-3*2

^ .2 o"-S W O. rt i« «

W3 00 r3 ^-2 v 5/3 #r^ o

n=rtl)ni.= ^2 .S

c!5 | □u^-,5.sS

 OT3 ? _ —J =3 O ^ “ u

 CJ 0>

 t/3 4>

N

 ^3 0 *“ •— S
 C U <U tsfi O
 0) y 0> — C ^ ^ -

  E S’ ”** Is *5

 >n 3 05 / 03 c

 2 x i! 2i 5

 v <0 X 4> u

 ^ ^ 4_i ^ r;

 ‘S w > rt c rt

 O f— ._,

  « •= .2 ^

  CO 4J r*“ c ■" ~
  ErJ2t;rtw_,Qj'a

  5- O _ ■ 9 o ■£ g
  ® g '5 = £ 2 „-.2

  a.1— nj •- rt o
  vT r”0 -o n 2 ^ 0
  wrt— 5o^2a>
  0 >' o £ 5 .2

 bx)~ ~ ta "O	^

  c bfi ^ o - u ^ ~

£od2“^u3

 o^~ = ort^'5
 >2 2 rt 1. u r 3 ^
 '-j: « u - c

   rt 4-> l— ►-> rt ’J- •w'

U

u.	(O-I^f W3«SS-31&3 2^.

                                         o
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

i

A NEW AND PERFECT

ENCYCLOPEDIA OF GAMES

By R. F. FOSTER

AN UP-TO-DATE “HOYLE” THAT NO
CLUB, LIBRARY OR LOVER OF GAMES
CAN AFFORD TO BE WITHOUT * j*

HOYLE

HOYLE

THE MOST IMPORTANT WORK OF
THE KIND EVER PUBLISHED, GIVING
THE RULES FOR OVER 250 GAMES J

    Mr. Foster spent two years on this booh, and it has been prepared with
absolute disregard of expense.
A few oj its many great merits are :

  The book is original from cover to
cover. It is the only entirely original book
on games that has appeared for 150 years.
Instead of being a compilation of various
authors, hastily gathered together in book form
and published without any regard to complete-
ness or accuracy, and without any of the careful
revision needed to bring the various games
up to date, this work is that of a single author,
who has made the subject of games a life-long
study, and every word in the description of
each game is written expressly for this book.

  The treatment is systematic and uni-
form. The description of each game begins
with the apparatus and the players, and then
follows the natural course of play step by step
until the end. Each part of the game is
described in a separate paragraph, and every
paragraph is preceded by catch words in
heavy-faced type, so that the entire work is in
the nature of a dictionary, in which any part
of any game can be found immediately.

  All technical terms are accompanied
by a full definition of their meaning,

and are printed in full-face type.

  All disputed points have been settled
in an entirely original manner. I nstead
of taking any one person as an authority, the
history of each game has been traced from its
source to its present condition, and its rules
have been carefully compared with those of
other members of the same family. The times
and the reasons for the various changes have
been ascertained, and the rules given are not
only in strict accord with the true spirit of the
game, but are based upon common sense and
equity.

  The list of technical terms is the most
complete ever published.

  There are numerous illustrative hands
and diagrams, making dear all difficult
points, and a brief statement of the doc-
trine of chance as applied to games.

12mo, Holliston cloth, $2.00.

      Other boohs by the same author include :

        "FOSTER’S WHIST TACTICS121110, cloth, $1.25.
        “FOSTER ON HEARTS ” 161110, cloth, 50 cents.

Send for circular describing Mr. Foster’s boohs.

For sale by all booksellers, or sent postpaid.

* FREDERICK A. STOKES COMPANY

I

27-29, West 23rd Street, New York

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

 I o
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Cash Prizes

  for quick=witted,
    clear=headed people

COMPETITORS MUST APPLY BEFORE JULY 31st.

SPECIMEN QUESTIONS.

Q-

         Everybody thinks;
few people
think straight,

¥

JYTE offer $1500
in cash prizes
for written answers
to 150 questions.
The answers can be
found in dictionaries
and other books in
every home. This is
a serious, bona fide
competition; the prize-
winners will have to
puzzle to get the
answers; but a col-
lege education is not
necessary; the ques-
tions do not touch foreign or ancient languages. You will get a
great deal of interesting and valuable general information in the
course of answering the questions. A wholesome recreation for the
home circle. The competition will close July 31st. Full details and
set of questions free. Send postal card to

THE CENTURY CO. (DEPT. R. D.)

New York.

   .JUUUUUUUL^

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

II

     IIow many years passed after Shakspere'a death before any writer
     questioned that lie wrote the plays which bear his name ?

Am. 232 years.

Q. If a flying-machine should leave Charleston, S. C., at noon, stand-
     ard time, and travel to Chicago iu an hour, and then, without
     stopping, go on to Cheyenne in another hour, at what hour, stand-
     ard time, would it arrive at Chicago and at Cheyenne ?

Ans. At noon, both places. By Chicago standard time the clocks are an
     hour behind Charleston dock*, which would just make up the hour
     spent in traveling, and there is the same difference between Chicago
     and Cheyenne.

Q. “ As scarce as hens' teeth ” is a common saying. Did any kind of
     extinct birds have teeth ?

Ans- Yes, the cretaceous birds, such as those which formerly inhabited
     Kansas.

Q. Dickens conceived that Tony Weller weighed twenty stone. Daniel
     Lambert, known to history as the famous English Fat Man, weighed
     739 lbs. By how many kilograms do these two weights differ '!

Ans. 208 kilograms, or 459 lbs., a stone being equal to 14 lbs., and a kilo-
     gram to 2.204 lbs.	m

Q. What is the essential distinction between the Roman Catholic
    doctrine and the Protestant doctrine as to the final authority of
    the Bible ?

/!««. Roman Catholics say “ There is an unwritten word of God over
     and above scripture.''' Protestants say that the highest authority
     is “ the Holy Spirit speaking in scripture.”

[Any one of these questions can be answered in ten minutes’ careful

examination of the popular books of reference.]
McCL URE'S MAQAZ1NE.

Y/eKnorrrhe /)ferhods*^Can Help
hare Been7hro the Mi//: hare Taken ^
technical *> other Exam /nations RxzonaHy, j
and held scientific and other hiyh c/ass I

pPOSJTIONS\

 M / Sf r r-si / ■ —^-»r w- ^ 'vc.r^'^r. E	)p We rAere/6/r ore fbrticuforiyritedto assist others. I

FosiriZtZg^QRi, GnRF.SPO^sH'f' £?■	Tcchn^ienMc^Dron./nf Court mm, oho\

Fm corset ^J^t Fj\^e-Af}’r£r.»n/>u'ton*soan. Pvikwwwhi<?^n/erest you. ThnDrsu/ntras Promt in OurSchoot.

WOODSIDE SEMINARY

HARTFORD, CONN.

City advantages for culture and study. Experienced
teachers.	Miss Saka J. Smith, Principal.

Connecticut, Norwalk.

Miss Baird’s Institute for Girls

44 miles from New York City. Primary, Academic, and College
Preparatory Classes. Music, Art and the Languages. New
buildings, steam heat, incandescent light. Gymnasium. 26th year.

“ Miss Aiken’s ” School for Girls,

Stamford, Connecticut.

Pleasant and healthful situation, near New York.
A short daily drill is given in Miss Aiken’s method of
concentrating the memory ;n order to train pupils in
habits of effective study. For information and cir-
cular address the Principal,

(Mrs.) Harriet Beecher Scoville Devan, A.B. (Wellesley).

District of Columbia, Washington

Chevy Chase French and English School

for Girls. Suburb of Washington. French the language of the
house. Principal, Mile. L. M. Bouligny. Assistant Principal,
Miss C. Pbttigkew. P. <). Station E, Washington, D. C.

DHQITIHMQ Eleven years’ experience. Highest
*	* * Iv/l’IO* standing. lion. F. G. Snow says:

“ In securing positions it is not surpassed by any.” Thorough
preparation in the shortest time. Send lor particulars.

NATIONAL CIVIL SERVICE SCHOOL, Washington, D. C.

THE STUART SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Academic, collegiate,
and Optional Courses. Moderate terms, r me location. Special
advantages. Catalogues. Miss Claudia Stuart, Principal.
1224 and 1226 Fifteenth St., N. W., Washington D. C.

Illinois, Chicago, Kimball Hall
AMERICAN CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC

and Dramatic Art. Unsurpassed advantages. Summer Normal
session. Catalogue mailed free. John J. HATTSTAKDT, Dir.

CHICAGO COLLEGE OF LflW~

LAW DEPARTMENT LAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY.

11	Oil. T. A. IWnrn 11, IJ..1)., I)<*aii. Session each week day
evening. For information address Elmer E. Barrel I, I.E.It.,
Secretary, 100 Washington Street, Chicago.

Illinois, Chicago, 479-481 Dearborn Ave.

Girls’ Collegiate School	yZ

Young Ladies and Children. Prepares lor College and gives special
courses of study. Miss Rebecca S. Rice, A.M., I „ ■ . ,
Miss Mary E. Brbdy, A.M., \ Pr,nciPals-

Illinois, Chicago, 613 and 614 Ashland Block

Kent College of Law

course. I mproved methods uniting theory and practice.
Students can be self-supporting. Fall term opens Sept. 6th.

Marshall D. Ewell, M.D., I.I..D., Dean.

Rockford College for Women

Fall term opens Wednesday, September 15th, 1897. Classical
and Scientific Courses. Specially organized departments of Music
and Art. Well equipped Library and Laboratories, line Gymna-
sium. Resident Physician. Memorial Hall enables students to
reduce expense. For catalogues, address

PRESIDENT, ROCKFORD COLLEGE,

Lock Box 45, Rockford, 111.

New England Conservatory of Music

(.Founded ISjj by Dr. Eben Tourjee.)

     George W. Chadwick, Musical Director.

       Send for Prospectus, giving full information.

Frank W. Hale, General Manager, Franklin Sq., Boston.

Massachusetts, Bradford

Bradford Academy. Founded 1803.

For the higher education of young women. Classical and Scien-
tific course of study, also Preparatory and Optional. Year begins
Sept. 15, 1S97. Apply to	Miss Ida C. Allen, Principal.

Massachusetts, Easthampton

Williston Seminary

Prepares boys for any college or scientific school. The most ad-
vanced methods. Library, physical, chemical, biological, labora-
tories; gymnasium, etc. Founded 1841. Opens Sept. qth, 1897.

Joseph H. Sawyer, M.A., Principal.

Massachusetts, Creenfield

Prospect Hill School for Girls

A thorough education with good home influence.

Established 1869.	Miss Ida F. Foster, I .,rinrinaU

Illustrated circular. Miss Caroline R. Clark, j '

Massachusetts, Wellesley Hills
WELLESLEY HILLS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

Fourteen miles from Boston. Prepares for Wellesley and other
Colleges. Special classes for those not desiring a college course.
Numbers limited. Re-opens Sept. 30, 1897.

Miss Sarah E. Laughton, Principal.

Massachusetts, Wllbraham

Wesleyan Academy

and Music. Enlarged endowment insures superior advantages
at moderate expense. 81st year. Opens September 15th, 1897.
For Catalogue, address Rev. Wm. R. Nf.whall, Principal.

Massachusetts, Worcester

Worcester Academy

modern construction. New Science hall, seven groups of labora-
tories. Manual training. Infirmary. Gymnasium. Oval cinder
track. Year begins Sept. 8, *97. D. W. Abercrombie, A.M., Prin.

Massachusetts, Worcester

Worcester Polytechnic Inst. c,nUMeciumSicaf,y

Civil and F.lectrical Engineering and Chemistry. 176-page Cata-
logue, showing appointments secured by graduates, mailed free.
Expenses loiu. 30thyear.	J. K. Marshall, Registrar.

YOU

CAN BE A

JOURNALIST

There are 22,000 newspapers in the U. S., employing edi-
tors, reporters, correspondents and special writers. ^ 1 here
is no reason why you cannot become
a writer to your own profit and J)	.

credit. We teach successfully all
branches of journalism by mail.

1 fcpare timestudy will makeyou
a journalist. Students every-
where. Catalog free.

TI10 Bprueue Cor.

School ol‘ Journnllam,

ItiTclcplionc Itliljj.,

Itctrolt, Mich.

 Minnesota, Minneapolis

 Cfn n|a,r H n If Home School for Girls and Young
 OLcUIlcy ■ I till Women. Certificate admits to
 Eastern Colleges. Two years of College work. 81 h year opens
 Sept. 15th. Six Scholarships (value $200 each). Terms $450.

Olive Adele Evers, Principal.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

12
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Che Stglar School

For 30 Boys. $600 a Year

To fit a boy for College; catch him
early; get control of his inclinations;
teach him to study, to think, by giving
him six years in Latin, three years
in Greek, with the proper amount of
English, French, German, and Mathe-
matics. If you want to know how I

do this, send for my pamphlets, and new programs of study.

HENRY W. SIGLAR, Newburgh-on-Hudson, N. Y.

Study

Law

  at

Home

        Instruction by mail, adapted to every on«,
Methods approved by leading
educators. Experienced and
competent instructor*,

Takes spare time only.

Three courses — Prepar-
atory, business, college.

An opportunity to better
your condition and pros-
pects. Students and
Kradual.es everywhere.

Seven years of success.

Full particulars free	_ ___

SI'IUOI K COIIKKSPONDENTF. SCIlOOT OK LAW
1:10 Tell III....... Kuildine, DETROIT, J1H H.

Qrhnnl Send for catalogue and learn
OliatlUCK OCIIUU1 its advantages and attractions
before choosing a school for your boy. J. Dobbin, D.D., Rector.
Lieut. A. T. Abbott, U.S.A., Commandant. Faribault, Minn.

New York, New York City

Berkeley School	^L,or

proof schoolhouse too feet square ; gymnasium 83 x 100. 1 lie
ISerkeley Oval (the play ground) is the most complete athletic
field in America, affording running tracks, foot ball and base ball
grounds, tennis courts and golf links. 36 boarders received—20 in
the new stone cottage upon the Oval, 16 in the school building.
Seven resident teachers; a generous table; best of sanitary plumb-
ing. Annual fee $850. No extras. Register for 1897,giving full
particulars, will be sent upon application to

       John S. White, LL.D., Head Master, 20 West 44th St.

CLASSICAL SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

15th year. Hoarding and day pupils. Thorough English,
Science, Art, and Language courses from Kindergarten to grad-
uation. Certificate admits to leading colleges. Home care and
social recreation. Mrs. Helen M. Scovii.lh, Miss Edith L.
Cooper, Principals, 2034 Fifth Avenue, New York City.

The Misses Ely’s School for Girls

RIVERSI 1)K ORIVR, 85th and 86th Streets, New York

Mrs. Leslie Morgan

       13 and 15 West 8Cth Street, New York, N. V.
       Boarding and Day School for Girls.

Thorough English from Kindergarten through College Pre-
paratory. Miss Catherine Aiken’s Method of Concentrated
Attention in Mind Training a special feature; also conversa-
tional French and German.

Home anti chaperonnge for special students.

New Jersey, Blairstown

Blair Presbyterial Academy fi",,1/ Eh si™""

50th year. Prepares for College or Business. Music, Art, Physi-
cal Culture. New fire-proof building for ladies. Low rates.
Superior advantages. Send for catalogue.

. " _W. S. F.versqle, Ph.D., Principal.

New Jersey, Bordentown

Bordentown Military Institute

Prepares for Colleges and Government Academies; Music; Military Train-
ing; Government, a combination of parental and military. No compromise
on tobacco, liquor, or hazing.	Rev. T. H. LANDON, A.M., Principal.

                               Capt. T. D. l.ANDQN, Commandant.

New Jersey, Hlghtstown

I	For Young Men and Women.

rCUUIC 11 lo LI L14 LC. prepares for College, Scien-
tific Schools, Teaching, Business. Courses in German, French,
Music, Art. 30th year opens September 15th. Address

Rev. Joseph E. Perry, Ph.D., Principal.

New Jersey, Pennington

                               Convenient to New York,
Pennington Seminary Philadelphia, Baltimore and
Washington. Both sexes. 58th year. Healthful. Beautiful.
16 teachers, 12 courses. $260 a year. For beautifully illustrated
catalogue address	Thomas Hanlon, D.D., I’res't.

THE PRINCETON PREPARATORY SCHOOL

    Exceptional facilities for preparing boys to enter any college or
scientific school. Our closeness of touch with Princeton Univer-
sity is an additional advantage to boys intending to enter that
institution. Highest references. Write for the catalogue.

J. B. FINE, Head Master, Princeton, N. J.

New York, Aurora

CAYUGA LAKE MILITARY ACADEMY

New management under ex-officer U. S. A.; faculty of specialists;
prepares for all colleges and both Government schools; strict
military discipline. Terms $400 per year. Send for catalogue.

Col. Vasa 12. Stolbrand, Supt.

CTIIIW F0R BUSINESS. w»

O	I U U I teach Hiiiik-ki’i>|ilii(r.UiisI-
nnt Form*, IVnnmnshlp, Com'I l,an,
Irt-tter Writ iii)r, Aril hiurtit,Short hand,
etf. thoroughly by MAIL a* y^ur
own HOME. Success guaranteed every
earnest student. We give a useful,

Money Matin* Kd unit Ion which lends ....
to a 'pood paylnir position. A ten	''

years’success. Highly endorsed. lt{/#M
wi i 1 pay yon. Try it. Catalog l'reo^-" ;111
Trial lrv>on 10 cents. Address,

BRYANT & STRATTON,

35 f’rtllea-e Bui Id inc. ItiifT'alo, N. Y.

HOME

New York, Buffalo

St. Margaret’s School |c°HA”oT°0rS,^

Regular and Elective Courses. Certificate admits to College.
Special advantages in Music and Art. Large Gymnasit m.
Instruction in Sloyd.	Miss E. Currie Ti ck, Principal.

New York, Clinton

 Houghton Seminary

For young women. Provides best instruction in languages, music,
el icution; cares for morals, manners, health. Colleges admit on
certificate. 37th yenr. A. G. Benedict, A.At., Principal.

New York, Elmira

Elmira College for Women coursesofLTudf,

art and music. Home comforts, family spirit, increased endow-
ment, generous scholarships. Spacious buildings, gymnasium,
steam heat, electric light, elevator Health record unsurpassed.
Rates exceptionally low.	A. C. MacKenzie, D.D., Pres.

New York, Fort Plain

Clinton Liberal Institute	1834-1807.

Boys and Girls fitting school for any college. Thorough busi-
ness course. Special advantages in Music, Art, and Elocution.
In all respects abreast with modern educational methods. Full)
equipped buildings. Overlooking the Mohawk Valley.

            T.ady Principal, Mrs. Ellen K. Hooker,
for g years Lady Principal of Sage College, Cornell University.
Send for Catalogue.

W. C. JOSLIN, A.P., Brown University, Principal.

New York, Irvlngton-on-Hudson

/VI Icc Upn npf t’c School for Girls. An excep-
UCIIIICLL 3 tional school with the most de-
sirable school features. 20 miles from New York. Refers to
Charles Dudley Warner, etc. Apply to the Principals,

           Miss Eleanor W. Rose, Miss May F. Bennett.

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

13
McC L UR fPS MA QA Z IN E.

OFFICERS, 1697

Mfc. pleasant Military Academij

SING-SING=ON=HUDSON, N. Y.

Refers to the Honorable Joseph H. Choate, and to

Dr. Hamilton W. Mabie. 83(1 year. Steam heat and electric
light throughout. Gymnasium newly equipped by Spalding.
New educational equipment from the Regents. Library of
12,000 volumes. Drill Ilall 150.x 50 ft. New commercial de-
partment under experienced and practical instructor. Separate
department for small boys. Most complete and perfect
home life. For beautifully illustrated year book address

C.	F. BRUSIE or A. T. EMORY, Principals.

GOLDEN HILL SCHOOL FOR BOYS,
Kingston-on-H udson,

NEW YORK.

New York, Poughkeepsie

Riverview Academy. 62d year.

Prepares thoroughly for College, the Government Academies, and
Business. U. S. Army officer detailed at Riverview by Secretary
of War	Joseph B. Bisbkb. A.M., Principal.

ROUND LAKE ACADEMY

Kirs for all colleges, for teaching, and for business. School year
begins September 7. $200 to §300 pays all. Military drill and
physical culture. A cuhurcd home school. No stimulants sold
in the corporation. Illustrated catalogue, June 15.

C. Keller, Principal.	Round Lake, N. Y.

New York, Slng-Slng-on-the-Hudson

Ossining School for Girls

Prepares for college. Advanced courses in Art and Music. Albert
Ross Parsons, Musical Director. One hour from New York. 30th
year begins Sent ggd._Miss ('. C. Fuller, Principal.

    An A(ypnr*V '8 va'<iablc in proportion to its 1X1-
    /1U iiStiltj fluence. If it merely hears of va-
    cancies and tells +U ft + is something, but if it is asked to
    yon about them llld. I recommend a teacher and rec-
    ommends von, that is more. Ours	o
    C. W. BARDEEN. Syracuse, N.Y. IvCLUllllllCllUo

Miss C. E. Mason’s School for Girls

THE CASTLE,

Tarry ton n-on - II ud-
soil, IN. Y. A beautiful
school. Advantages of N. Y.
city. All departments. En-
dorsed by Rt.Rev.lLC. Potter,
Hon. Cnauncey M. Depew.
For illus. circular address
MissC. E. Mason, LL.M.

CINCINNATI CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC

Miss Claka Baur, Directress. A thorough musical education
after methods of foremost European Conservatories. Residence
Department for Young Ladies. Students can enter at any time.
For catalogue, address
Miss Ci.ara Baur,	Cincinnati.

Pennsylvania, Allentown

Allentown College for Women. A selected corps of instruct-
ors. Advanced methods. No requisite lacking. Physical culture
and elocution free with regular courses. Patronized by leading
families of Allentown. Facilities for 30 boarding students. For
catalogue address Rev. J. W. Knappenberger, A.M., Prest.

   Pennsylvania, Bethlehem.

Moravian Seminary and College Women.

  Founded 1740- Healthfully located in the beautiful valley of
the Lehigh. Its system based on the fundamental principles
that have long made Moravian schools famous at home and
abroad ; aiming to put character-building first of all, and in-
sisting on thoroughness rather than showiness of intellectual
training. Preparatory, Academic and College Departments.
For circular address	J. Max Hark, D.D.

Lehigh Preparatory School t,.:est re«»nmenda-

1	J	tions. Young men

are prepared for Lehigh University, Yale, Harvard, Cornell.
Princeton, etc. Over seven hundred pupils of this school have
been admitted to Universities during the past 18 years. For
particulars apply to	W. Ulrich. Ph.D., Bethlehem, Pa.

Pennsylvania, Birmingham

Mountain Seminary AND F:,!’'V-l’*KATORv

                     ^	oCHOOL FOK v/IKLS.

All that a school ought to be, yet more than a school. A school
and home—with the advantages, facilities, good influences, and
comforts of each—for fifty girls. Three graduate courses. Cer-
tificate admits to Wellesley, Vassar, etc. Six buildings with one
hundred acres of grounds, in a situation famous for healthfulness.
Write for illustrated catalogue.

                        A.	R. Gkier, Business Mai.ager.
        Misses N. J. Davis and S. M. Gallaher, Principals.

Pennsylvania, Bustleton, near Philadelphia

I	A school of the highest class in an ex-

                   3 ceptionally healthful location. St. Luke’s
boys now in Harvard, Princeton, University of Pennsylvania,
Yale, Trinity, West Point, Mass. Inst, of Tech., etc.

Illustrated Catalogue._

Pennsylvania, Chambersburg

Wilson College for Women

     A COLLEGE FOR LIBERAL CULTURE
Offers standard classical and scientific courses.

A full four year course in music. Thorough preparation for
work in art.

Healthful climate. Pleasant Home. Moderate rates.

Send for catalogue to

  _Rev. S. A. Martin, P.P., President.

Pennsylvania, Germantown, Philadelphia

Walnut Lane School

all Colleges. Academic and special courses. Reopens Sept. 22.

a , 1 J Mrs. Theodora P.. Richards, Principal,

                  I	Miss Sara Louise Tracy, Associate.

Pennsylvania, Lltitz, Lancaster Co.

I	H „ 11	. A Moravian institution for the

Linden nail Seminary education „f girls and young

women. Founded 1794. Careful training of the individual scholar
in all departments and in every respect. Preparation for College
by College graduates.	Rev. C. B. Shultz, D.D.

Pennsylvania, Ogontz

on the sum-

Pleasc mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

14

Cheltenham Military Academy, mit of

Chelten Hills; 70 pupils, 6 forms, to resident instructors; best
opportunity for individual attention; 30 graduates in six leading col-
leges and scientific schools. Sfoo; noextras. John C. Rice, Ph.D.

Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 1350 Pine Street.
MISS ANABLE’S BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL

For (Jirls. Established in 1848. Circular on application.

]\eff College of Oratory

   Development, not mechanical training. Individuality,
not imitation. Originality, not traditional rules. Imagi-
nation, sympathy, reason, not dry abstraction, cold intellect
and illogical dogmatism. Most advanced College of Oratory,
Elo; 011, Music, Authorship and Dramatic Expression in
the world. Summer session July 5. Fall term October 4.
Valuable information in catalogue.

                      1414 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
McCL URE'S MAOAZINE.

 Williamsport
 Dickinson
 Seminary

                             Co-educational. Regular and
                             elective courses. Modern Lan-
                             guages. Degrees conferred.
                             Fits for College. A handsome
                             new building, just erected and
                             thoroughly equipped, devoted
                             entirely to Music and Art.
                             Conservatory courses. The
                             best American and European
                             instructors. Electric light, steam heat, home comforts. Write
                             for Catalogue.

                 E. J. Gray, D.D., President, Williamsport, Pa.
 Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 14 15 Walnut Street

 Pennsylvania College of Dental Surgery

 Forty-second Annual Session opens October i, 1897. Three years’
 graded course in lectures, quizzes and clinics. Women admitted.
 For information address_Dr. C. N. Pkikck, Dean.

 Penna., Philadelphia, N. College Av. & 2 1 st St.
 WOMAN’S MEDICAL COLLEGE of Pennsylvania. The forty-
 eighth Anuual Session opens Sept. 29, 1897. A four years’graded
 course of Lectures, Clinics, Quizzes and Bacteriological work offers
 superior advantages. Students are admitted to the clinics of city
 hospitals.	Address Clara Marshall, M. I)., Dean.

 East Creenwlch, R. I.

 EAST GREENWICH ACADEMY

 Founded 1802. Both sexes. On Narragansett Bay. Cottages.
 Electric light. Elegant new dining hall. Endowed. Twelve
 courses. September 13. Illustrated Catalogue.

F. D. Blakksi.ee, D. D., Principal.

 Rhode Island, Providence

Friends School for Both Sexes

 Founded in 1784. Excellent home. Students from 18 States. All
 denominations. Thorough work in English, Science, Classics,

 Music and Art._Address Augustine Jqnks, LL.B.

 Vermont, Northfield

 Norwich University. Kruyn Colleen S^uHS

 and oldest with scientific and classical courses. Over 500 repre-
 sentatives in Mexican and Civil Wars. Army Officer, Com-
 mandant. Naval ODirer (retired). President. Send for Catalog.

 Virginia, near Warrenton

Bethel Military Academy. w„

                                                             ,000. %6
                                                             asii-

 ington in Northern Virginia. Prepares for advanced study and
 for business. Charges extremely low. Patronage from 22
 States. Address for illustrated catalogue, R. A. McIntyre.

                         MECHANICAL. ARCHI-
 TECTURAL and ENGIN-
 EERING; SURVEYING
 and MATHEMATICS suc-
 cessfully taught by mail. Information free.

PKNN CORUKSPOMtKNCE INSTITUTE, Philadelphia, Pa.

DRAWING

LANGUAGES SPOKEN IN

 (irriuan. Kreneh or Spanish spoken TC|| 1AI C IT If Q
 liy ten weeks' Home study of I |1| II H F ^ ■ ■
 ''Rosenthal's Practical Linguistry" ™	» w

 latest and l>est work of l)r. It. S. Rosenthal, late private tutor to the
 Imperial Family of Austria: chief interpretor of New York City, etc.
 Part I, 60c. Complete liooks (either language) and membership in our
 correspondence school (Including free correction of all exercises),
 S5.00. Explanatory booklet free.

 ROSENTHAL l.AN0UA(iE COLL EKE, ooCemrai Park, W.. N.Y Cliv.

 II

Intelligence is the

secret of success

 ft

 IN this day and age intelligence is not only
     the secret, but the foundation of success.

The International Cyclopaedia

 is a builder of intelligence, a storehouse of
 useful knowledge from the pens of the world’s
 greatest writers.

             You may have our beautifully illustrated
             Sample Pages explaining our little-at-a-time
             payment plan by writing the publishers.

Dodd, mead $ Co.

NEW YORK

CHICAGO

 MEMORY

PROF. A. LOISETTE’S

ASSIMILATIVE MEMORY SYSTEM.

Protected by copyrights, and injunctions of U. S. Courts.

The last, most complete and perfect edition.

MIND-WANDERING CURED. SPEAKING WITHOUT NOTES.

Indispensable in preparing for examinations.

Any book learned in one reading.

    Cloth bound, with portrait and autograph. Price net $2.50
    American, 10s. Cd. English. Post Free. Prospectus with
    opinions of Educators, .Scientific, Professional and
    Business Men all over the world FREE. Address,

    A. LOI8ETTE, 237 Fifth Avenue, New York,
    Not gold elsewhere. or 200 Regent Street, London.

OLD BOOKS	Fw“

A. J. Crawford, 312 N. 7tli St., St. Louis, Mo.

Mr Advertiser:

     The Chicago Evening Post is managed in every
  way for the 25,000 intelligent patriotic and public-
  spirited people who are the salt of Chicago.

154 Washington Street, Chicago.

1512 American Tract Building, New York.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

15
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE

The New

NORTH SHORE
  LIMITED TRAINS

    The Height of Luxury in Travel

CHICAGO „?4_ NEW YORK

              HOURS

    Leave Grand Central Station, JO a.m.
    Arrive Chicago . . 9 a.m.
    Leave Chicago . . 12.30 p.m.
    Arrive New York . .1.30 p.m.
    Arrive Boston, ex. Sunday 4.00 p.m,

SEND io CENTS POSTAGE FOR
A SUMMER NOTE BOOK

W. H. UNDERWOOD, General Eastern Passenger Agent, Buffalo
L. D. HEUSNER, General Western Passenger Agent, Chicago

Chicago City Ticket Office	O. W. RUGGLES

    119 ADAMS ST.	G. P. & T. Agt., Chicago

THE...

ADIRONDACK . . .
MOUNTAINS gfTtae.

“THE GREAT NORTH WOODS.”

  A marvelous wilderness, abounding in beau-
tiful lakes, rivers and brooks, filled with the
greatest variety of fish.

  An immense extent of primeval forest, where
game of all kinds is to be found.

  This wonderful region—located in Northern
New York — is reached from Chicago by all
lines, in connection with the New York Central;
from St. Louis by all lines in connection with
the New York Central; from Cincinnati by all
lines in connection wiih tiie New York Central;
from Montreal by the New York Central; from
Boston by a through car over the Boston &
Albany, in connection with the New York Cen-
tral; from New York by the through car lines of
the New York Central; from Buffalo and Niag-
ara Falls by the New York Central.

 A 32-paKe folder and map entitled “ The Adirondack
Mountains and How To Reach Them” sent free, postpaid,
to any address, on receipt of a i-cent stamp by George II.
Daniels, General Passenger Agent, New York Central &
Hudson River Railroad, Grand Central Station, New York.

The Best Line

from CHICAGO to
ST. PAUL and MINNEAPOLIS.

The Short Line
from CHICAGO to
OMAHA and SIOUX CITY.

    ty£

   CHICAgq~

'Milwaukee!,

  a/d§t.pauI

A Direct Line
from
CHICAGO
to

KANSAS CITY.

Electric Lighted
        Vestibule Trains.

All Coupon Ticket Agents sell tickets via Chicago.
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway.

                GEO. H. HE AFFORD,

General Passenger Agent, Chicago, III.

Pl«ase mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.
l6

A First class line
  for First Class Travel

East

_ST
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

§

m

m

A

  “Lake Shore Limited”

 A

                                  RHTWKHN

Chicago,
Boston and
New York,

Nos. 19 and 22.

Two of the finest trains ever placed in service. Wagner
vestibule sleeping, private compartment, buffet smoking
and library cars, and Lake Shore vestibule dining cars,
compose the equipment. Run every day in the year
via the Lake Shore, New York Central and Boston &
Albany Railways.

      “SUMMER Tours, 1897,” an illustrated book of tours to the east, “TWO
PRIVILEGES OF SUMMER TRAVEL” relating to stop at Niagara Falls and trip on the
Hudson River, and a book about the trains and service of this route sent on request.

#

#>

m

m

4

m

m

m

#

m

m

m

m

§

m

SPEND THE SUMMER AT

                                                  On the Crest of the Alleghanies.

                                              3000 Feet Above Tide-Water.

Season Opens June 21, 1897.

                                                        This famous mountain hotel, situated
                                                        at the summit of the Alleghanies, and
                                                        directiy upon the main line of the Haiti-
                                                        more & Ohio Railroad, has the advan-
                                                        tage of its splendid vestibuled express
                                                        train service both east and west, and is
                                                        therefore readily accessible from all
                                                        parts of the country. All Baltimore &
                                                        Ohio trains stop at Deer Park during
                                                        the season. There are also a number of
                                                        furnished cottages with facilities lor
                                                        housekeeping.

                                                      The houses and grounds are supplied
                                                      with absolutely pure water, piped from
                                                      the celebrated “ Boiling Spring,” and
                                                      are lighted by electricity. Turkish and
                                                      Russian baths and large swimming pools
                                                      are provided for ladies and gentlemen,
                                                      and suitable Rrounds for lawn tennis;
                                                      there are bowling alleys and billiard
                                                      rooms; fine ridins and driving horses,
                                                      carriages, mountain wagons, tally-ho
                                                      coaches, etc., are kept for hire; in short,
                                                      all the necessary adjuncts for the com-
                                                      fort, health or pleasure of patrons.

                                               For terms apply to

                                       D.	C. JONES,

                                                      B.&0. Central Bid g., Haiti more, Md.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.
McCL UltE'S MAOAZINE.

 BINNCR CHICAGO

              PERRYS VICTORY

TriLp I In tho Stark Tlie human body in the heat of summer may be lik-
—	r tll<s	ened to a ship in a dead calm; she cannot make port

without the little tug-boat, which, catching her by her loose cable pulls gently, but
gradually, and taking up the slack brings her safely to the dock.

The nerves, the muscles and the mind in summer, are at the slack of their cables,
yet the cares of household or business may increase That famous little tug,

 PABST MALT EXTRACT, The “Best” Tonic

takes right hold of the loosened ropes, gently gives new action and vitality, and
draws one through the critical months to fresh and vibrant life. Cool, foaming
and full of rejuvenating influences, it makes the relaxed forces taut and strong.

Pabst Malt Extract is The “Best” Tonic.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.
Mr CL LIRE'S MA GAZIN E.

 SngUsb Oxford
 Imported
 Patent Calf.

Dressy, comfortable, and popular for
Summer wear. Made on custom
L lines and guaranteed Custom
L /C^Bench Work. We also
wD have this style in Black
Calf and Russia Calf, in
all widths and sizes.

            STORES.-Boston, log Summer St. Prov-
            idence, 220 Westminster St. New York,
            115 and 117 Nassau St., 291 Broadway, 1347
            Broadway. Brooklyn, 357 Fulton St.
            , 1 hiladelphia, 732 Chestnut St. Balti-
            k more, 219 E. Baltimore St Washing-
            A ton, 1003 Pennsylvania Ave. Pittsburg,
            |h 309 Fifth Ave. Chicago, 103 Dearborn
            I® St., 196 La Salle St., 290 Dearborn St-
            '(M Detroit, 32 Campus Martius. Cleve-
            iA land, 195 Superior St. Denver, 413
            « 16th St.

     Nail

f

A Ocp’t,

w 109 mw

  Bummer
  Street,

§J| Boston.

| L. C. Bliss
1 & Co.,

 Delivered to any address
 in U. S. for $3.75.

factory, CObitvnan, J^asi

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

raUrio&ue
   free from
   Dealers
   or t>v moil
   for one
   tvo-cent
   stamp.

THE FIRST LESSON

 or/5 F WOOD. 70 FIFTHAVE. N Y.

STANDARD
OF THE

WORLD

$100.
TO ALL
ALIKE*

POPE
MFG.

CO.

HART-
FORD,
CONN.
''Xsg^ Great
Business Enterprises

How a Piano is
Made.

By Cleveland Moffett.

trace the develop-
ment of a modern
piano back to its
origin would bring
us to that uncertain
time, centuries be-
fore the Christian
era, when that fine
philosopher, Py-
thagoras,. learned
thesecretof making
strings vibrate over
a sounding-board,
with the help of
supporting bridges.
The first instrument of this sort, known as
the monochord, had but one string, and
the various notes were produced by shift-
ing one of the bridges from point to point
so as to vary the lengths of vibration.
For a thousand years after the birth of
Christ the monochord underwent small im-
provement; but in the eleventh and twelfth
centuries the Italians introduced keys for
striking the strings, and gradually the
clavitherium and the clavichord and the
spinet and the virginal and the harpsi-
chord came into existence and attained
favor among musicians; many of them
were wrought in beautiful woods, and
beautifully decorated. And, as a climax
in this long series of stringed instruments,
as a triumph of patient struggle and love
of music, the world has to-day that most

admirable and wonderful of all instru-
ments, the modern piano, to the practical
making of which we now will give some
consideration.

  While it is true that the musical tones in
a piano are produced by the striking of
hammers against steel wires, and while a
cursory view of the instrument shows a
great display of metal, including number-
less metal strings and a massive iron plate,
yet it is also true that the making of a
piano in a modern piano factory is largely
a matter of cabinet work, of measuring
pieces of wood and fitting them together,
of smoothing and truing, of gluing and
varnishing. Not less than thirty pounds
of glue are used in putting together the
ordinary upright piano, while a gallon of
varnish will scarcely bring its surfaces to
proper finish. And of the time occupied
in making a piano, say six months, nearly
one-half goes in varnishing and gluing, in
letting the glue set and the varnish dry.
One is surprised to learn that in so heavy
a construction, leaving aside the iron plate
and its attachments, there are no screws,
bolts, or nails, all the parts being held by
glue. Glue binds together the heavy tim-
bers of the “back,” with no scrap of
metal to assist it. Glue secures the sound-
ing-board in its place and keeps the sides,
the legs, the key-bed, panels, etc., where
they belong. And to come suddenly into
a room where half a dozen sounding-

     Notk.— These articles on Great Business Enterprises arc prepared under the supervision of the editor of the Maga-
zine, by a member of its regular staff, and with the same literary and artistic care as articles designed for the body of the
Magazine. The cost of them is borne, however, by the several firms whose industries they describe.
2

HOW A PIANO TS MADE.

CASH-MAKING.

                    boards are thus
                    being put in place
                    might make you
                    fancy yourself in a
                    forest of banyan
                    trees, for each
                    board rests under

UPRIGHT HACK (REAR VIEW). tile pi'CSSUTe Of

                          forty or fifty “ go-
bars” of second-growth ash, “sprung,”
with diverging tops, between benches and
ceiling. This is one of many devices for
perfect gluing, and the immense pressure
obtained may be judged from the fact that
the rafters overhead must be held down
with iron clamps, lest the whole floor be
lifted bodily.

   The reason for this extensive use of
glue in piano-making is that screws or
bolts might work loose in their fittings and
give a rattle disturbing to the resonance of
the strings; but glue, laid on as the best
piano-makers know the art, never loosens
its hold, and keeps the parts as one piece.

   The visitor to a piano factory finds
himself amid piles of lumber in rooms
lined with benches where workmen are
busy with saws and planes, with mallets
and chisels. The ceiling is hung with
boards, the floor is heaped with hand-screws
and odd shapes of wood destined for this
or that part of the piano, while here and
there in the litter rise the heavy masses
of nearly finished cases. In the air is the

wholesome smell of shavings and varnish,
and glue-pots steam everywhere. But
for a monotonous striking of notes from
near by, where the tuners are working,
you might forget you were at the birth-
place of a musical instrument, and imag-
ine all this a place for making folding
beds or something of the sort.

  A piano of first-class make contains
about a dozen different kinds of wood,
the pride of many forests, each chosen for
some special adaptability in some partic-
ular part. The lumber alone in a great
piano plant represents a small fortune.

  And all this lumber must be cut and
seasoned with greatest care, and in a par-
ticular way, at least for best results.
A great establishment like the Weber
factory must have its extensive yards,
where the wood, after being “quarter-
cut” in the sawmills, is left for months
or years to season under cover. This
quarter-cutting of the wood is most impor-
tant, since, with it, there is less liability to
splintering or cracking, and no danger of
warping, besides producing a better tone
in the instrument. By the old way a
tree-trunk was sawed across in parallel
slices, no attention being paid to the
grain nor to the spongy part at the heart;
but in quarter-cutting, the trunk is first
quartered and then sawed into planks with
cuts running to the center, at right angles
with the circumference, and a wedge-
HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

3

PREPARING THE SOUNDING-BOARDS.

shaped piece which is waste wood being
taken out from time to time to make this
possible. Quarter-cut lumber costs more
than straight-cut lumber, but it gives far
better service. When brought from the
yards to the factory, the various kinds of
wood are still further seasoned, during a
period of weeks or months, in drying
kilns, which are large rooms heated by
steam to a temperature of 130 to 140 de-
grees Fahrenheit, with a constant circula-
tion of air kept dry by condensation.

  And now we come to the first step in the
manufacture; that is, in the making of the
“ back,” which is the strain-bearing skele-
ton of the piano. In the ordinary upright
it consists of six vertical posts of elm,
sometimes ash, the best seasoned timbers
these, six inches by three inches, and re-
inforced by cross-bars of maple. Along
the top of this is glued the heavy rock-
maple pin-block (also known as the “ wrest-
plank ”), which is covered with five layers
of best seasoned maple veneers, each
layer three-sixteenths of an inch in thick-
ness. This pin-block has almost the im-
portance of the keystone in an arch, for
in it are sunk the 230 tuning-pins (in the
Weber upright) that must bear the six-ton
pull of the 230 strings, and bear it with-
out the smallest yielding. Such is the
sturdy square of the “ back,” which is
literally a back, as may be seen by any one

who peers behind an upright piano, for it
stands there uncovered. Between two of
its posts are handles used by the movers,
and directly in front, spread over its ver-
tical surface, is the sounding-board, with
curving ribs in plain view.

   The slopes of the Adirondacks furnish
spruce for these sounding-boards and send
it in strips of varying widths. Trees are
selected with largest possible girth, for the
older the growth the better the wood will
wear and the more mellow will be the tone
of the boards. A dozen pieces make up
the average sounding-board, these glued
together side by side and secured with
cross-ribs of spruce, secured under stern
pressure so as to follow the bend of the
ribs and give a proper bellying to the
front. The rigidity of the sounding-board
in this bellying shape constitutes in the
upright piano one of its chief points of
superiority over the old square piano, in
which, through inevitable faults of con-
struction, the sounding-board was liable to
collapse, and present a concave form under
the strings instead of a convex form, this
result being fatal to the instrument’s tone
qualities. The strips of spruce are chosen
with the utmost care, many thousands of
feet of spruce being looked over in the
selection of a few hundred feet. And
somewhat harder strips are used in the
treble than in the bass, this insuring
HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

SOUNDING-BOARDS UNDER I'KESSUKK.

greater vibration where it is needed, that
is, in the lower tones; in other words, the
sounding-board of a piano tapers in thick-
ness from treble to bass, the change being
from three-eighths of an inch to one-
quarter of an inch. Indeed, it is in the
bass of a piano that the sounding-board
renders greatest service, for here, without
the board, the strings would give only a
disagreeable buzzing noise.

  Before the ribs are put on, the sounding-
boards, ranged in rows, are left for a week
or ten days in special drying kilns, hot
closets, where the temperature is kept at
110 degrees Fahrenheit. Then, first, the
bridges are glued fast on the side opposite
the ribs, there being two of these bridges,
a short one for the bass strings and a long
one that looks like a disfigured golf-stick
for the treble strings. The bass strings,
which are very heavy, and covered with
copper wire, are stretched over the others,
and at an angle with them, so that each
bridge has its own place on the sounding-
board. Great pains are taken in making
these bridges, which are composed of eight
thicknesses of rock-maple glued together,
edges up, and capped with a thick veneer
of the same wood. The need of this will be
understood when it is remembered that all
the' strings drag heavily upon the bridges,
and are held firmly on them by means

of steel pins driven in deep. The treble
bridge alone has nearly four hundred of
these pins, there being six pins to a note,
and the driving of the pins in the holes
drilled for them, and the planing off of the
bridges to give a good bearing for the
wires, takes many hours of a workman’s
time. When this is done and the ten ribs
made fast on the other side, the sounding-
board is glued to the back in the novel
way described above, by the pressure of
two or three dozen “go-bars.” Finally
the board is reinforced with strips of
maple glued around the edges.

  It should be said that the tone quality of
a piano depends much upon the shape and
quality of the sounding-board and upon the
position of the bridges. The curve of the
bridges determines the points at which the
hammers will strike the strings. The
placing of the bridges to the right or to
the left will affect the amount of sounding
surface given to any particular string. A
slight error here may grievously impair the
final result, and it is to the superiority of
its sounding-board patterns and formulas
that the Weber piano owes its beautiful
tone. Those formulas and patterns are
part of the treasure of the factory.

  Over the sounding-board is laid the
bronzed iron plate, with its weight of sev-
eral hundred pounds and its queer-shaped
HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

5

big holes. This is made fast to the heavy
timbers of the “ back ” by means of fifty
screws and bolts, some of them live inches
long. No danger of this plate escaping.

 Now this whole mass, “back” and
sounding-board and iron plate, is laid on a
carriage-table that moves easily in any
direction, and is brought under a steam-
drill which bores 230 holes in the pin-block,
these holes to receive the brightly nick-
eled tuning-pins. A slight consideration
of the piano scale
will make it plain
why there is need
of just this number
of holes. The or-
dinary keyboard
contains eighty-
eight notes, of
which the upper
sixty-two have
three steel wires to
a note, and, of
course, each wire
must have its own
tuning-pin. That
gives 186 pins for
the notes with triple
wires. Then the
eighteen notes be-
low the upper sixty-
two have two cov-
ered wires each,
which gives thirty-
six more pins, and
finally, the eight
lowest notes have
one covered wire
each, which gives

eight more pins, or 230 in all. This ar-
rangement makes more difficult the task
of the piano-tuner, who must see to it that
each one of the three wires or the two
wires which go to a single note are drawn
to absolutely the same pitch.

  In order to understand why it is that
some of the notes have three wires while
others have only two, and a few in the
lower scale only one, it is necessary to
consider for a moment the mathematics of
sound production. Let us assume, as is
true in the Weber piano, that the highest
note of the scale, the uppermost C, has a
length of steel wire (three wires, of course,
side by side) of exactly two inches. This
is the shortest length of wire for any note,
the longest being about four feet in the
upright piano, and six feet six inches in
the “grand.” Now, according to famil-
iar laws of physics, the C and octave be-
low the highest C must have twice its

DRII.I.INCi HOI.KS FOR TUNINC.-l'INS.

length of string; that is, a length of four
inches, assuming that wire of the same
kind be used. And the Can oc'ave lower
still would again require double the length
of wire, or eight inches, and so the lengths
of string would go on doubling with each
octave, and would be sixteen inches, thirty-
two inches, sixty-four inches, 128 inches,
and, finally, for the lowest C in the seventh
octave, 256 inches, or over twenty feet.
It is plain that no piano for practical use

could contain so
long a wire; in-
deed, as has been
said, the longest
wire in an ordinary
“upright” does not
exceed four feet.
Therefore, to make
these shorter wires
give forth the deep
tones desired, and
to have continuity
of tone throughout
the whole scale, it
has been found nec-
essary to use differ-
ent thicknesses of
wire for different
parts of the key-
board. Thus, as
the notes descend
from the treble, the
desired tones are
produced, without
lengthening the
wires as much as
the law would re-
quire, by making
the strings gradually heavier, ten or
twelve thicknesses of wire being used
successively, as the notes become lower.
And when this device proves insufficient
for the necessary fullness and sweetness in
the bass tones, a new device is adopted,
that of covering the steel wires with tight
coils of copper wire, the twenty-six lowest
tones of the scale being so produced. And
of these twenty-six notes the first eighteen
have two covered strings to a note, while
the eight heaviest and deepest ones, at the
very bottom of the scale, have only one
covered string to a note. It is a matter of
delicate adjustment, of softening hammers,
and regulating the action to make imper-
ceptible the change from one set of wires
to another. It is interesting to note that in
a Weber piano, justly famous for its pecu-
liarly sympathetic quality of tone, the B
flat in the second octave from the bass has
two covered wires which are actually four
6

HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

or five inches shorter than the three un-
covered wires of the B natural, half a tone
above it.

  The accompanying drawing shows the
“ back ” of an upright piano with sound-
ing-board and iron plate in position and
strings stretched from the tuning-pins at
the top to the hitch-pins at the bottom,

the former sunk in the heavy pin-block,
the latter drilled in the iron frame. It
will be seen that the bass strings are
drawn diagonally from left to right, and
lie over the treble strings (more accurately
the uncovered strings) which are drawn
diagonally from right to left. As soon as
they are in place these strings receive a
preliminary tuning, and from this time on
until the piano stands completed, they are
tuned at each new step in the process of
construction. In this way every Weber
piano is tuned about fifteen times before it
gets its final tuning prior to delivery to the
purchaser. It may be noted here that
when a piano gets out of tune it nearly
always flats, which means that the wires
come down to a lower tension, usually by
stretching. There is one case, however,
where the tuning of a piano may err on
the other side and the tones become too
sharp; this is where the instrument has
been tuned in a very warm room and later
exposed to a sudden chill. The result is
that the cold draws the strings to undue
tension and lifts the pitch too far. A
piano should be kept in a place of uniform
temperature. It will be easily understood
that the great strain put upon the strings
in this continued stretching calls for the
greatest possible strength in them, and,
indeed, it is a fact that piano wire is the
strongest material known for its size, and is
used by scientists in deep-sea soundings.

  Now, with the strings stretched over the
sounding-board, we have for the first time
some semblance of a musical instrument;
at least tones may be obtained by striking
the wires with the fingers, although the
hammers are not yet in place. And next
comes the gluing on of the sides, the fit-
ting in of the key-bed, panels, legs, pedals,
etc., all of which have been
separately made ready in
the shops and brought to a
fine finish with veneer and
varnish. These processes of
veneering and varnishing
form the chief business of
two entirely distinct depart-
ments, and deserve some
attention, since they add
materially to the piano’s
beauty. Most people know
something about varnish,
but there are many who
know little about veneers,
and scarcely suspect that
the walnut or mahogany
which shines resplendent on
their pianos is not solid,
but only a layer of the handsome wood
applied over ash or maple, and so thin
that twenty thicknesses of it would be
needed to make an inch. Practically
all the surfaces in the Weber piano are
double-veneered; that is, there are two
layers over the parts beneath, with the
grains running at right angles. This gives
a better finish, and prevents any danger of
cracking. The layers of mahogany or
walnut used for the veneers are sawed in
strips of varying thickness, some as thin
as one-twentieth of an inch, some as thick
as one-quarter of an inch, these latter be-
ing used only on the heavy pin-blocks.
In pianos of inferior make very much
thinner veneers are used, the strips being-
cut forty or fifty to an inch; and it is even
possible, by boiling the wood nearly to a
pulp, to cut it as thin as wall-paper. Need-
less to say that pianos finished with such
very thin veneers are not apt to stand the
test of wear.

  It is well to note here what is true, not
only of veneers, but of all parts in a piano,
that the use of the best materials in the
market or of inferior materials makes a
very great difference not only in the qual-
ity of the final product, but in the cost of
manufacture. Mahogany veneers, for ex-
ample, when cut, may be had from three
to ten cents per square foot, while sawed
veneers of the finest mahogany often
bring fifty cents a square foot. This

PUTTING STRINGS IN PLACE ON UPKIGHT PIANO.
HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

7

means that the mahogany veneers for a
cheap upright piano (with an area for ve-
neering of 175 square feet) might be had
for three dollars and seventy-five cents,
while the veneers in a Weber might cost the
makers sixty to one hundred dollars. And
the finest satin-wood veneers sometimes
bring as much as sixty cents a square foot.
Facts like this make one understand why
the best pianos cost more than those of
less careful make. They are worth more.

  And now let us observe how these ve-
neers are treated after the two layers of
walnut or mahogany have been glued fast,
for glue serves here as elsewhere. One
is so accustomed to the fine polish of a
well-made piano that one never thinks of
the pains taken at the factory to secure
that polish. As a matter of fact, it means
nearly three months’ work in varnishing
and drying, in re-varnishing and re-drying,
in rubbing, scouring, and smoothing until
the surfaces take on a perfect gloss, and
the grain of the wood stands out in all its
beauty. After the veneers are “ laid,”
there comes a filling in
of the pores with a
preparation of oil and
silicate that evens up
the surfaces and makes
the wood smoother.

There follows a wait of
several days before the
first coat of varnish is
put on, and seven days
at least are needed to
let this dry. Some piano
manufacturers, eager
for quick results, give
less time for drying,
but they make a mis-
take, and the veneers
suffer. Six times each
separate part of a piano
—the sides and top, the
keyboard and rail, the
legs, the panels, etc.—
are varnished and sent
to the drying-room, and
each time the surfaces become more like
glass under the touch. The mere varnish-
ing of the consoles occupies a special force
of men and forms a department by itself,
for piano consoles (or legs) are turned out
in many shapes and styles of finish. Like
the other parts, they are done in black, in
walnut, in oak, in red and white mahogany,
to suit the prevailing taste, and, however
done, the same pains in the varnishing
must be taken.

  Now after rubbing with pumice-stone

and water, the varnished surfaces get a
“ flowing; ” that is, a special varnishing in
which the finest badger-hair brushes are
used. Under this flowing the mahogany
and walnut shine like quicksilver, with per-
haps too much of a dazzle, but this is
toned down presently in a polishing with
rotten-stone and fine pumice-stone, and a
smoothing with the workman’s bare hand,
better than any cloth or oil, if the work-
man have a hand of proper softness and
dryness. This removes all grit and
particles of dust left after the “ flowing; ”
and then a final finish with piano-oil and
alcohol leaves the piano surfaces in perfect
lustre.

  It may be noted here that the immense
top of a grand piano is veneered and var-
nished and polished in one piece, the saw-
cut which divides it for the hinging being
made after these operations. This insures
a matching of the grain in the two parts.

  So far we have considered the piano
case and seen it built securely about the
“ back,” and we have seen how the sound-
ing-board and strings
have been put inside;
now we come to the
striking mechanism —
the keys, the hammers,
and the “ action.” And
we will observe, first,
the making of the keys,
which is a story by itself.
The average person,
looking at the eighty-
eight notes of a piano,
with their coverings of
ivory and ebony, would
conclude that these im-
pelling levers are made
separately, turned out
by the thousands, prob-
ably, like clothes-pins,
and taken by the work-
men as needed, out of
barrels or boxes. Not
an unnatural supposi-
tion that, yet totally
incorrect. As a matter of fact, the mak-
ing of piano keys is the most delicate
kind of work, and each key has so much
its own individuality that it would be
easier to take eighty-eight men at hap-
hazard and expect them to change hats
and be fitted than to make the eighty-
eight keys of any particular piano exchange
places. The thing could not be done any
more than you could cut a sheet of paper in
squares and then make the squares change
places. Each piano key is specially made

SAWING KKVBOARD.
8

HOW A PTANO IS MADE.

for its own instrument and no other, and
for its own place in that instrument and no
other. Each key is plainly marked with its
own number and must keep to that number.

  Not only that, but the eighty-eight keys,
so far from being.made separately, are cut
from a single board of pine about four feet
long and a foot and a half wide, which, be-
fore the cutting, looks rather like a lady’s
lapboard. It is a clean, smooth-grained
board of white pine, made of eight or ten
strips evenly matched up, and then care-
fully marked with lines and dots to guide
the saws and drills. And the lines marking
out the separate keys do not run parallel
from front to back, but diverge slightly at
the two ends of the scale to suit the ar-
rangement of the strings. And the sepa-
rate keys are not even straight (not all of
them, at least), but are somewhat deflected,
as will be seen in the accompanying illus-
tration.

  This keyboard, properly glued and
planed, is fastened to a frame of equal
size, known as the key-frame, destined to
support the keys and give them a bearing
point in the “ balance-rail,” this being a
strip of ash running down the middle of
the key-frame and raised above its level.
Keyboard and key-frame, held together
securely, are then bored by a steam-driII
with 176 vertical holes, a row of eightv-
eight holes along the front, one through
each key just beneath the point where the
lingers strike, and another row of eighty-
eight holes about ten inches back from the
front, just over the balance rail. These
holes will correspond later on with an
equal number of pins set in key-frame and
balance-rail, and each one of the eighteen-
inch key-levers will move upon the balance-
rail pin as an axis, and up and down upon
the front pin as a guide to hold it in its
place. After the boring of these 176
holes, there is a mortising of them to be
done, and a countersinking and bushing
for exactness of fitting, and then a strip
of basswood is glued along the front of
the keyboard, covering the front row of
holes. The purpose of this basswood is
to prevent the resin in the pine levers from
working its way upward and discoloring
the ivories that will presently be laid on.
Barring this one difficulty, thus provided
against, pine is by far the best wood for
piano keys, since it offers the least liability
to twist or spring. This same white pine
is the wood chosen by billiard-table mak-
ers for the surfaces of their tables, and
also for the straight-edges used in mark-
ing out those surfaces.

  Next comes the laying of the ivories
that cover the fifty-two white keys, the
ebony for the thirty-six black keys being
put on later. Although not apparent to
the eye, the ivory for each white key is
really in two parts, the head, or wide piece,
at the front; and the tail, or narrow piece,
at the back. These pieces of ivory,specially
made in another factory, have a thickness
of about one-eighteenth of an inch at the
front, and get thinner toward the back,
with a slight taper. Their extreme white-
ness is obtained by bleaching in the sun
(some makers use a chemical bleach, but
this leads to cracking), and before the lay-
ing on they are dried carefully for three
or four days in racks kept at a tempera-
ture of 140 degrees Fahrenheit. This
drying shrinks the ivory, which is very
sensitive to dampness, and might, but for
this measure, open in disfiguring cracks
between the heads and tails. After the
ivories have been glued down to the boards
with a careful fitting of joints, the boards
are set aside for two full months to see if
any defects reveal themselves. Then
comes a scraping of ivory planes and a
polishing with alcohol and whitening until
the keys shine like a mirror.

  Up to this time the keys have remained
one continuous board of pine, but now
the key-frame is taken from beneath, and
the upper board, with ivories on, and holes
bored, and fittings as described, is brought
to a band-saw to be cut under the work-
man’s careful eye into eighty-eight separate
keys. And here it becomes plain why these
keys may not be interchanged, since there
is some difference in the form of each; some
bend to the left, some to the right, and
the saw-cuts must be kept side by side, as
made, to insure exact fitting 011 the pins.
After this sawing the keys are finished
separately with plane and sandpaper and
brought to perfect smoothness, and then
each separate key-lever is set upon the two
pins in the key-frame that support it, and
each for the first time may be moved up
and down upon these pins, the balance-
rail giving the point of bearing. It re-
mains to regulate the movement of these
key-levers, and for this each hole in each
key-lever over the balance-rail is capped
with a neat button of basswood, an ob-
long piece pierced to fit the pin, and lined
with cloth so as to give each key just
play enough, and not a fraction too much.
And in the same way each hole at the
front is lined with cloth, so that the keys
move easily on the pins, but do not swerve
from side to side. The accurate adjust-
-MHSIM.i WHJL
IO

HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

ment of a piano key is
a very admirable thing.

  And now we come to
the action, which no
one can describe. The
inner end of each key-
lever rests under a
screw connected with
the action. When a
note is struck, this inner
end lifts the screw, and
that impulse moves all
the bars and springs
and jacks and levers
of the action, and
causes one particular
hammer to strike its
particular wires. The
accompanying cut
shows the mechanism
necessary for the strik-
ing of a single note, and

be impossible to name its inventor, since
many minds have contributed to its pres-
ent perfection. Sufficient to say that
some twenty pieces of wood, levers and
blocks and little bars, are so beautifully
hinged together, and held by springs and
bands and brass plates and pieces of wire,
that the end in view is fully attained; that
is, to make the felt hammer strike the string
and produce the tone; to make the felt
damper lift from the wires whenever the
hammer strikes, and fall back as soon as
the key is lifted; to make the hammer
spring from the wires the instant it has
struck them, and to check the hammer so
that it cannot rebound after striking; and
to make the hammer respond with sepa-
rate strokes, no matter how quickly the key
be struck. This mechanism suggests an
animated skeleton or some manner of queer
jumping-jack, but it is really one of the
most ingenious of practical devices.

After the action has been put in and
the hammers and the keys, there is need
of much expert work in adjusting these
so that the various parts fit together

WORKING ON THE ACTION.

each one of the eighty-eight notes has a sim-
ilar mechanism. In an upright piano this
mechanism is vertical, in a grand piano it is
horizontal; but in both it is so complicated
that no one but a specialist could grasp
all its intricacies. The mechanism re-
quired to-day to sound a single note of a
piano represents a long, slow growth
through many generations; it is substan-
tially the same in all pianos, and is con-
trolled by no essential patents. It would

properly and the keys are perfectly level,
with just enough “ dip ” for each, and that
the touch of the whole scale is light enough,
this being insured by balancing the key-
levers at one point or another with pieces
of lead set in the wood. This work goes on
in all piano factories, and is done by finish-
ers and action regulators, upon whom comes
the delicate task of tightening “jacks”
and adjusting springs and spoons, and
setting hammers, and regulating dampers,
HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

and fixing pedal connections, and doing a
dozen other things of which the ordinary
piano player has no idea, but which are
vastly important for the playing. Unless
men of the highest skill are employed for
this work, men who have grown up with
the factory, as is true at the Weber estab-
lishment, the result will go awry.

  Now, with action regulated and cabinet
work done, that is, the parts of the case in
place and the hinges on, the piano goes
to the tone regulator (there is a special
force of these workmen), whose skill has
much to do with the instrument’s sym-
pathetic quality. The tone regulator de-
votes his attention mainly to the hammers;

color, retaining this as well when the keys
are struck lightly as in heavy playing. In
the fineness of its tone coloring the Weber
piano has no equal.

  After a preliminary tone regulating,
each instrument goes to the fine action
regulator, who looks over the mechanism
again, and gives a final adjustment to
keys, hammers, jacks, springs, etc., and
then makes way for the fine tuner, whose
skill of hand and ear bring some shade of
improvement to the pitch, in spite of the
many tunings the piano has already re-
ceived. The final looking over of a Weber
piano is done in the company’s warerooms
at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Six-

KKP1.ACING A STRl.vG.

for, of course, the quality of a note depends
upon the quality of the hammers and how
they strike the wires. To begin with, all
hammers used in Weber pianos are made
specially in the factory, not purchased
ready made, as is the case in most pianos.
A “ moulding ” of eighty-eight hammers is
prepared for each individual piano, the best
quality of German felt being stretched over
a core of beech-wood, and the outer surface
shaved down so as to give the requisite
hardness. As he goes over the keys, the
tone regulator equalizes the tones and pro-
duces the desired tone shadings by a cer-
tain softening of the hammers; that is, a
pricking of the felt surfaces with needles,
and he softens some hammers more, some
less, as the need may be. It is his business
to see that each piano gets its proper tone

teenth Street, where a special room, fitted
up for this purpose, is set apart at the top
of the building.

  Such is the journey of the upright piano
from the sawmill to the wareroom. And
all that has been said of this upright piano,
as made at the Weber factory, of the end-
less pains taken at each step in the manu-
facture, of the care used in selecting
materials, of the workman’s skill, applies
with still greater force to that most admi-
rable of musical instruments, the Weber
Grand. Just as its proportions are nobler
than those of the upright, its framework
heavier, its action more perfect, and its
tones more beautifully sympathetic, so a
higher degree of skill and art are needed
to produce this result. The scale of the
Weber Grand, the design of its sounding-
12

HOW A PIANO IS MADE.

I.AVING VENEER ON GRAND TOP—AI.L ONE PIECE.

board, the curves of its bridges, represent
the labor of years and the result of experi-
ments that involve great expense. The
proper construction of every part, as shape
of case; thickness of sounding-board; ar-
rangement of ribs and.their proper size and
material; construction of the bridges; size,
quality, spacing, and bearing of the strings;
quality of felt; shape and size of hammers;
proper leverage of keys; proper balancing
of all the working parts,—these are some
of the details which, if not carefully and
intelligently attended to, will nullify and
render abortive the best of scales.

  While it is true that many piano-makers
turn out in their factories a limited num-
ber of grands, since without its grand
piano no house can claim high prestige, it

is also true that the country counts very
few houses, four or five at the most, which
have any substantial trade in grands; and
it is keeping within facts to say that two-
thirds of the business in grand pianos done
in the United States is in the hands of two
houses. And while the necessary greater
cost of the grand piano limits its use in
the main to the wealthy classes and to
professional performers, yet there is 110
surer criterion of the standing of any
piano manufacturer and the ranking of his
instruments than the excellence of the
grand piano he turns out. And it is a
fact, admitted by those who are compe-
tent to speak, that in beauty of tone and
sympathetic quality the Weber Grand is
without superior in the world.

POLISHING TOPS, COVERS, AND CASINGS.

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

From a lale photograph, considered by Professor Drummond’s friends to be the best portrait
of him ; taken by Maclurc, Macdonald & Co., Glasgow.
 McClure’S Magazine.

Vol. IX.	JULY, 1897.	No. 3.

   THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

By Mary Gay Humphreys.

         With illustrations from photographs by M. W. Cooper, taken expressly for McClure’s Magazine.

STATISTICAL INTRODUCTION.

SIZE AND LOCATION: Farm, forty-eight acres, in Freeville, near Elmira, New
     York.

INHABITANTS: Two hundred boys and girls, between twelve and seventeen years
     of age, from tenement districts of New York City, pledged to remain seventy
     days; some stay longer—about forty all winter.

GOVERNMENT: Executive.—The chief executive is Mr. William T\. George, the
     founder and President of the Republic, lie holds the power of absolute veto

      011	the actions of Congress.

          Legislative.—A Congress of two branches, Senate and House of Representa-
      tives. The members are elected by popular vote; senators for two weeks,
      representatives for one.

          Judiciary.—There are civil and criminal courts, presided over by judges
      appointed by the President. Every citizen charged with crime is entitled to a
      trial by a jury of his peers. Imprisonment and fines are the penalties for crime.

          Police.—A permanent force is maintained, chosen from the citizens by
      competitive examination.

          Finances.—The Republic lays taxes, like any other government, and main-
      tains a bank and a monetary system of itsown. It also derives an income from
      its tariff and the sale of licenses and passes, or permits to go outside of the
      grounds at will. The coin of the government is circular pieces of tin, stamped
      “ George Junior Republic,” and issued in denominations of from one dollar
      down. In this coin most of the business of the country is transacted; but the
      coin is ultimately redeemed by the government in potatoes and clothes, which
      the citizen is expected to send home. The bank receives on deposit the savings
      of the citizens, makes loans, and pays wages for government work.

PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND INSTITUTIONS: There are three principal wooden
     buildings, and in summer several tents. The Capitol is Mr. George’s residence.
     The courthouse, besides accommodating the several courts, contains also the
     halls of Congress, the police station, and the jail. In the Waldorf Hotel build-
     ing are located the bank, post-office, and dispensary.

EDUCATION: The citizens attend school at the Republic, except a few of the most
      advanced boys, who attend the high school at Dryden, three miles distant.
      There are practically two schools, but only one of them is considered a school
      by the citizens; the second is known as a publishing house. The first, “ the
      school,” is established for the benefit of boys and girls who work and receive

Copyright, 1897, by *he S. S. McClure Co. All rights reserved.
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

      pay at other occupations in the Junior Republic, and to fulfil the law of the
      State. The second, or “ publishing house,” in fact, does the work of a school.
      The tasks that are set in this establishment are performed for pay at regular
      rates; to the younger employees, or pupils, simple problems in arithmetic are
      given, to which are added spelling exercises, and, finally, literary composition.
      There is a public library of over 600 volumes; and also an institution known as
      the “college,” governed by a “faculty” composed of boys who are above
      sixteen years of age, and devoted especially to lectures.

TRADES AND PROFESSIONS: All the citizens are encouraged to be workers,
     but idleness is not punished. Non-producers find themselves at a great disad-
     vantage, and their moneyless condition soon brings them to the pauper’s table,
     at which only the plainest fare is dispensed. The paupers are compelled to do
     a certain amount of work for meals and lodging. All the citizens who work at
     all receive good wages—the skilled laborers ninety cents a day, the unskilled
     fifty cents, and the middle class seventy cents. It should be explained that all
     the" workers, boys and girls, are thus graded. The boys have their regular
     occupations—farm labor, landscape gardening, and carpentering. A number
     are in the government employ; there are two lawyers, admitted after examina-
     tion to the bar. Others are hotel and restaurant keepers, or engage in trade
     on their account. The girls employ themselves at sewing, millinery, laundry
     work, and cooking. Only half the day is given to work; the remaining hours in
     summer are free for recreation.

The Buildings of the Republic. From left to right—Girls' Dormitory, IValdorf, Courthouse, Kitchen, Capitol.

    OBSERVATIONS OF A VISITOR TO THE LITTLE REPUBLIC.

A SMALL boy sat on the floor of the
entrance of the Capitol, discharging
from a dirty pocket a small collection of
coin.

  “ One, two, three, four, five, six, seven;
seven cents, a nickel, and a two-center.
How many’s that, Jackson ? ”

  “Fourteen cents,” answered the older
boy from the dignity of a chair.

  “ I kin git twenty cents on the dollar for
that to-day,” continued the small boy,
with a knowledge of percentage of which
his arithmetic gave no intimation.

  “ Too late. United States money ’s no
good to-day.”

  “ It was yisteddy.”

  “ Store opens this afternoon,” said the
sententious Jackson.

 “By Zux.” The small boy put the
money back in his pocket. Jackson’s an-
swer was conclusive. After a desperate
financial crisis Camp money was again at
par.

  Financial topics had superseded every
other interest since the weekly financial
budget had been posted on the outside of
the post-office, where the bulletins of the
government were to be found. There
were few moments in the day when groups
of excited citizens were not standing be-
fore it in hot discussion. Even the girls in
the Hotel Elmira kept me awake denounc-
ing the government’s management of the
crisis.

  For some time the expenses had been
running ahead of the income, and at the
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

737

same time money was so easy that many
of the citizens were living like capitalists
on their incomes, refusing to work. The
demoralization among the dishwashers and
scrubbers was particularly unfortunate,
and the Board of Health was kept busy
with complaints.

  Accordingly, the government proposed
a poll tax of a dollar a head, and a tax of
five per cent, on all deposits in bank over
five dollars.

  1 was in the House of Representatives
when the bill was brought up. It was the
first day of the new session. The Speaker
sat on a stool, with his elbows resting on
his knees, and fingering the occasional but-
tons of a torn waistcoat. He was a big,
blase Bowery youth, now serving his sec-
ond term as Speaker. With the aid of a
female member, in her second term, he
was endeavoring to steer the new members
into parliamentary lines.

  The bill was entrusted to one of the
government party.

  “ I object; ” a member sprang to his
feet.

  “You’re out of order, Mr. Dover,”
said the Speaker. “ Oh, dry up, Dover,”
he continued; “the bill isn’t before the
House.”

  “I’ll second it,” said the female mem-
ber, who was also a government ally.

  “ Mr. Speaker.”

  “ Mr. Dover has the floor. Now let her
go, Gallagher,” continued the Speaker,
shifting a pair of badly clad feet. Plainly
politics had not paid.

  “ Well, Mr. Speaker, I oppose the sec-
ond part of that bill. When a citizen
has been industrious and laid up
money in bank instead of spending
it in foolishness, I don’ see no jus-
tice in taxing him to pay for other
citizens who are la/.y and don’
support the government. I ain’t
saying anything against the poll
tax, that hits us all alike; but
I’m down on taxing property we
earn.”

  The honorable member was the
richest citizen in Camp—for this
took place in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the George Junior
Republic at Freeville, New York.

It was currently reported that
Dover had two hundred dollars
in bank. He was part proprietor
of Sherry’s. He was one of the
two practising lawyers, and the
law was in large demand in
Camp. But speculation was the

chief source of Dover’s wealth. He
bought up United States money, float-
ing dimes and nickels, from the little
boys. These he invested in caramels and
gumdrops from the village store. After
paying the tariff levied on all goods from
outside countries, these candies were sold
to the same small and greedy little boys
at five cents apiece. The profit was enor-
mous. Dover’s example was followed by
others of the older boys, and speculation
filled the air.

  Under the circumstances Dover’s speech
was convincing. The second clause of the
bill was defeated. As modified, it appeared
on the public bulletin:

  “A poll tax of twenty-five cents shall
be levied for the week ending August
24th. Those who are unable to pay shall
work out the amount in government em-
ployment.”

  This tax scarcely alleviated the situa-
tion. The government deficit was increas-
ing, while its depreciated currency was
being absorbed by the speculators and
locked up in bank. The government now
determined on a bold move. The various
concessions of the Camp, which is the
familiar name of the little settlement, are
put up at auction every Saturday evening.
These are the hotels Waldorf, Elmira,
Ithaca, Dryden, and the restaurants
Sherry’s and Delmonico’s. Through its
agents the bids were run up until the gov-
ernment virtually became the owner of the
two restaurants. The prices of the meals
were now doubled. Sherry’s, formerly ten
cents a meal, was now a quarter; Delmon-
ico’s, from a quarter, rose to fifty cents.

The Senate.
738

THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC LN THE WORLD.

The House of Representatives in Session.

The Camp resounded with the outcries of
citizens at this unexpected step. Dover
bought a box of sardines, and peddled them
out to those who vowed they would starve
before they’d stand the raise. Rows of
small boys stood disconsolately in front
of Sherry’s, with sad memories of the last
gumdrop and caramel.

  But it is well understood that waiters
and dishwashers get their meals for their
services. For several days the proprie-
tors could not get hands. The dishes went
unwashed; the floors unscrubbed, while
the Board of Health gathered in the lines.
Now happened what the government an-
ticipated. After going without one meal,
the little, boys and girls literally tumbled
over one another to get places in the res-
taurants. There was a corresponding rush
for employment in the shops and on the
government works. The opening of the
store, as was intimated in the beginning,
ended the crisis. The money of the Re-
public went to par, for, as every citizen
knows, United States money will buy
nothing in Camp.

  The opening of the store was signifi-
cant. In a few weeks the summer citizens
would go back to town. In the store were
dresses, shoes, bonnets, shawls, suits of
clothes, resplendent neckties, some finery,
many useful things. These had been sent
in by the Republic’s many friends, and
were for sale at much the same prices as
they can be bought for in the United States.
A good pair of shoes might be three dol-
lars; a coat and waistcoat, five dollars; a
nice dress, four dollars. Nothing is a gift

in the Junior Re-
public. Citizens
who are content
with rags wear
rags. It was not
unco m mon to
hear somebody
accost a citizen in
this fashion:
“Say, you’d
better sew up that
hole, or you'll get
run in,” there be-
ing laws that bore
on such matters.

  But it was a
reasonable ambi-
tion in each citi-
zen to want to go
back home well
clad and take
presents to the
folks. Saturday
afternoon shopping was, in consequence,
an event in Camp. Lively was the discus-
sion of tastes and prices over the counters,
girls knee-high bargaining for grown-up
wrappers, little boys considering striped
worsted shawls with a knowing air. For it
is in such manner, and with the products
of the farm, that the money of the Repub-
lic is redeemed.

  The money graciously corresponds to
our own currency, dollars, half-dollars,
quarters, dimes, and pennies; looks like it
—with a difference that secures it against
any charge of counterfeiting by the greater
nation ; and jingles pleasantly in the pocket.
It passes into the hands of the citizens
from the government treasury but in one
way—by work. This is not necessarily
manual labor. There are official positions
with salaries attached. Such are the Rep-
resentatives of the people, the Judges of
the Civil and Criminal Courts, the Com-
missioner of Public Works, the Chief of
Police and his staff, the Warden of the
Prison. The judges are the best paid, re-
ceiving one dollar and twenty cents a day,
the legislators getting one dollar and ten
cents, and the police, ninety cents, the same
price that is paid to skilled carpenters. In
general wages there are three grades. The
foremen on the farm and the section boss
of a street-cleaning gang get fifteen cents
an hour, while the men only receive eight
and ten cents an hour, as their abilities
warrant. The same prices rule in the mil-
linery and dressmaking departments, where
doll dresses and hats are made for sale
when no citizen requires a bonnet ; and in
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

739

the cooking-school, where nice work is
done for the Capitol table.

  The chief business is keeping hotel.
The contracts for this, as was said, are
sold by the government every Saturday
evening. The Waldorf is the swell hotel
of the place. Only capitalists and high
officials can pay four dollars a day for
lodgings. The Waldorf is over the post-
office and bank. It has a sitting-room
under the ridge pole, and bedrooms on
each side, where each lodger has his own
tin washbasin. Not every one can realize
what a degree of luxury this implies.
Dover, to be sure, has an office in the court-
house, which is also his bedroom. But
Dover, as every citizen remarks, has
“ money to burn.” The Hotel Elmira, the
girls’ dormitory, is a loft over the cooking
and millinery girls’ parlor, and is naturally
valuable property. The other hotels are
but long shelter tents covering two rows
of wire-bottomed cots, where beds are
from ten to twenty cents a night. The
concessions vary according to the accom-
modations, but each is an active and
profitable business accordingly as it is
managed. Ethel Moore, who conducted
the Hotel Elmira during the crisis, lost
money. She exhibited a collection of
promissory notes from out of a heteroge-
neous pocket.

  “ I can’t ever collect them without go-
ing to law,” she said. “ Neither Dover
nor Smith will look at a case for less than
ten dollars.”

  The next week I observed that Katy
Monaghan, who was half partner in
the Hotel Elmira, collected the money
from the beds each night, and fre-
quently loud and vain were the cries.

  “ An’ ye’ll pay me ye’re twenty cents
or ye’ll git up,

Bertha Rose.”

  “ But I can’t,

Katy. I’ve only
earned forty
cents to-day,
and I spent the
last cent on my
supper.”

 “ I seen ye
eatin’ caramels
three times to-
day.”

 “Callaghan
give them to
me.”

 “Oh, oh,”
chorused the sur-
rounding beds.

  The evidence seemed to show that Ber-
tha had bought the caramels. This
brought out a great deal of truly superior
morality, mingled with much personal
comment.

  “You never can believe Bertha, girls.
Why, she says that they have a glass door in
their parlor, and Josie says she was there
onct, and they hain’t got but one room.”

  The conversation wTas here transferred
to town, mixed up with accounts of the
prowess of the Eighty-seventh Street boys,
who could “clean out the whole gang.”
This occasioned so much uproar, that the
night policeman called up that he would
arrest everybody engaged if they didn’t
shut up. This he could have done, for
one of the laws of the young Republic
is that citizens shall be quiet after ten
o’clock.

  Bertha was now in tears, so some of
the softer-hearted girls made up the twenty
cents, and peace at length descended on
the Hotel Elmira.

  Katy Monaghan, when questioned the
next morning in the spirit of inquiry, said
business was business, and she had a note
in bank of her own to pay.

  On their part, the proprietors are bound
to keep the beds clean and the hotel in
order. The boarders are no more ex-
pected to make their own beds than they
would be in the hotels of the metropolis.
Katy Monaghan had a partner, and the
two, with rolled-up sleeves, were at it early
to get in order before the inspectors of the
Board of Health made their daily rounds.

                             ®s-s

The Street Cleaning Department at IVork.
740

THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

But Ethel had to hire a
maid, and had much the
same trials with her help
that vex other hotel pro-
prietors.

  The concessionnaires,
on their part, hold the
government to a strict
account for its perform-
ance of the contract.
There were suspicions
on the part of the Board
of Health that the Ho-
tel Dryden and the
Hotel Ithaca had more
guests than were paying
for lodgings. Accord-
ingly it was ordered that
all the blankets be fumi-
gated. This was done
by one of their agents,
a young theologue, who

Scenes at the IValciorf : A Tivo-dollar-a-week Room ; a Hallway,

                                       Twenty-Jive-cent Table.

showing IValdorf proprietor; the

was a temporary servant of the
Republic, and so successfully,
that a number of the blankets
were burned. The Board of
Health then went to the other
hotels, and took a blanket from
each bed for the temporary
accommodation of the Hotel
Ithaca and the Hotel Dryden.
Unhappily the night turned cold,
and the guests of the Hotel
Waldorf, being unable to sleep,
said they “didn’t pay four dol-
lars a day to freeze. ’ ’ This state
of affairs continued for several
days, for the money of the Re-
public not being cur-
rent in Freeville, it
was not possible to
run down to the store
and order a fresh sup-
ply. Some alleviation
was found in eleven
blankets which a pris-
oner in jail had se-
cured for himself from
the empty bunks, he
being the only occu-
pant. The stress,
however, did not pass
until the young
preacher returned
from consultation
with friends of the
Republic in neighbor-
ing towns.

   As his guests re-
fused to pay for their
discomfort, the pro-
prietor of the Hotel
Waldorf brought suit
against the govern-
ment for one thou-
sand dollars damages.
It was tried in the
Civil Court before
Judge Moore. Dover
appeared for the
plaintiff Dugan, and
Smith for the govern-
ment. Different
guests, after being
duly sworn, testified
as to their privations,
when Dugan took the
stand. After being
examined by counsel,
he was handed over
to Smith for cross-
examination.

   In their practice it
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN TILE WORLD.	741

was observed that Dover was always em-
ployed by the disaffected citizen, while
Smith was in the service of authority.
Engle being elected District Attorney, and
now off on a case of forgery, Dover and
Smith were the only two practising law-
yers, and, naturally, rivals.

  “ Didn’t the government offer to make
good your
loss ? ” asked
Smith.

  “ Yes.”

  ‘ ‘ Then why
didn’t you say
so ? What made
you bring this
suit, anyway?”

 “Well, I
didn’t think they
offered enough.”

 “What did
they offer ? ”

 “Well, they
didn’t exactly
say. ’ ’

  “ You were told
that if you sued you
could get bigger
damages ? ”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Who told you
so, your lawyer ? ”

  “ Now, don’t you
git sassy,” said Do-
ver, who was stand-
ing by his client just
outside the rail.

  “ Order, order,”
rapped the court.

  “ Your Honor,”
said Smith, “ we will
prove that an offer
was made to the
plaintiff the night
the blankets were
taken and he pro-
fessed to be sat-
is f i e d. I don’t

want anything more of you, Dugan.”
Mrs. George was then sworn as the
member of the Board of Health who took
the blankets and had made the offer in
question. Dover, with great courtesy,
refused to cross-examine her.

  The summing up was eloquent. Dover
pictured the hardship of a contractor to
make both ends meet the way things were
carried on. Smith enlarged on the be-
neficence of a government which was not
obliged by the terms of the contract to
chase away midnight excursionists, but

was only moved by the good of the citi-
zens, yet had offered to make up the
losses occasioned by the mishap of the
fire.

  Judge Moore was one of the older citi-
zens, and had acquired that paternal man-
ner and apparent comprehension of the
follies and humors of human nature that

are accounted
among the per-
sonal attributes
of the just judge.
T h e s e were
more especially
brought out in
another trial, for
defamation of
character: Grow
ztf.Jackson. The
defendant had
written a letter
to the plaintiff,
and her conten-
tion was that it

Settles in the Waldorf, The Fi/teen-cent Lodgings <proprietor making bed ; the Fi/teen-cent Tahte.

had caused her to be
injurious remarks to

laughed at and
be made about
her. Under the skilful guidance of her
lawyer, Smith, Citizen Grow told a mov-
ing tale of the discomforts she had suf-
fered from the laughter and jeers, chiefly,
it must be said, of her feilow-boarders
at the Hotel Elmira. Jackson, a lit-
tle fellow with dancing, bead-like black
eyes, said he wasn’t going to pay no
lawyer ; he could defend himself. He
was permitted to cross-examine the plain-
tiff.
742

THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

 “ How did anybody know about the
letter ? ” he asked. “ Did you tell ? ”
“Yes, I did,” said Citizen Grow, with a
pout.

  “Then it’s your fault you got laughed
at, not mine. I didn’t tell. Your Honor,
I wrote that letter to her to tease her. If
she hadn’t blabbed, nobody would have
known it.’’

  The letter, exhibit A, was handed up to
the judge, at his request, by Smith. He
read it with a humorous smile.

  “There doesn’t seem to be anything
very dreadful in this. Perhaps if it is
read in court any injury done to Citizen

Digging a Oildl.

greatly to the disappointment of the spec-
tators, who, under the circumstances,
thronged the courtroom.

  “ It doesn’t seem to me this is a case for
damages,” said the court. “Dismissed.
But, Jackson, don’t do it again.”

  The letter, in fact, was only the work
of a teasing boy, and altogether harmless.
The tendency to take all troubles into
court was easily apparent in the little
community. As in older nations the law
was the standard of ethics. “ I’ll sue you,”
“ I’ll have you arrested,” made part of
the dialogue of every dispute. The ele-
mental way of settling differences with fists
seemed altogether effaced. Jackson, who
had been in jail twenty-eight times the
previous season for lighting, had not been

once arrested this season. Such facts
as these will be commonly believed to in-
dicate a distinct advance in self-gov-
ernment and citizenship, which is the
primary object of the George Junior Re-
public.

  To the fascinations of the law and of the
paraphernalia of the courts must be given
due weight. The daily session of the
police court is the event of the day. It
is held at nine o’clock, and to be there
in time, carryalls and wheels are seen
coming over the road from Freeville,
Dryden, Elmira, and the surrounding
towns, and visiting professors in sociol-
ogy from the colleges beg to stay over
night that they may be present.

  The judge of
the police court
is still in knick-
erbockers, and
is familiarly
known as Jakey.
But when the
policeman post-
ed at the bar
calls “Hats
off,” the citi-
zens s (j u a r e
themselves
around into or-
derly rows, and
even the visit-
ors, disposed to
regard the affair
as a bit of play-
act ing, drop
their voices to a
whisper, a nil
finally cease try-
ing to communi-
cate at all. The
offenders, when
not on bail, are brought up in charge
of the police, by a private stairway, from
the jail below. There is a grim reality
about the jail, with its narrow cells,
plank beds, iron-barred doors, and war-
den with jingling keys. This is apt to
be reflected in the faces in the “pen.”
The procedure is modeled after the police
courts of New York City, with an excep-
tion in favor of the decorousness and
general judicial atmosphere of the lesser
court. It is worth seeing the facetious
visitor with blushes try to efface himself
under the judicial eye, and woe unto the
offender disposed to look jokingly upon
his offense. There are occasional cases
of petty larceny, but the offenses are
rarely more serious than breaches of the

Grow will be mended. Are you willing
the letter should be read ? ”

  “I’m willing,” said Jack-
son.

  “ My client objects,” said
Smith.

  The letter was not read,
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

743

peace, cigarette smoking,
disorderly behavior, and
going out of bounds with-
out a pass. It is interest-
ing to watch the face of
the youthful judge as he
may be disposed to exer-
cise his paternal discre-
tion over two small girls
up for calling one another
names, or endeavoring to
determine the fine that
may be both a punish-
ment and a deterrent.

There is no hesitation in
his decisions. “ Case dis-
missed,” “ Dollar fine;
next offense, doubled,”
and perhaps accompanied
by advice or warning.

  One of the most inter-
esting features of Mr. George’s little Re-
public lies in its encounters with the same
influences, and struggles with the same
difficulties, that disturb the greater nations.
One of these was instructively illustrated
in the police court.

  Two citizens were arrested for disor-
derly behavior at Sherry’s. The first of
these was Dover, whose wealth and impor-
tance in the community have been set
forth. Dover, coming in late to dinner,
had pushed one of the small boys out of
his seat and eaten his dinner. '1 he small
boy had resisted; there was a disturbance,
and Dover was arrested. The second was
a little boy, also too late, who had helped
himself to the coffee reserved for the
waitresses, with a corresponding outcry.
The case against Dover was especially fla-
grant, for he was larger and older than
the boy he had deprived of his dinner.
What gave peculiar significance to these
cases was that the principal witness against
the offenders was one of the volunteer
assistants of Mr. George, delegated to
Sherry’s. The courtroom was crowded,
the citizens being on the alert to see what
“ Jakey dast do to Dover.”

  The judge heard the case gravely, evi-
dently aware of his responsibility. The
witness for the government was unim-
peachable. Very seriously, and as if to
gain time, the judge rebuked Dover for
using his strength on a smaller boy; then,
with a moment of hesitation, he said,
“ Fifty cents. Next case.” Here, as else-
where, “money talks.” Dover, to whom
his wealth is dear, promptly paid his fine.

  Meanwhile the smaller boy was before
the bar, testified against by the same wit-

Famtyard Sretie.

ness for the government. “ One dollar,”
said the judge, and the little fellow emp-
tied his pockets.

  The sociological professors did not dare
speak, but looked significantly at one an-
other. It is out of these difficulties, as the
young nation has encountered them, that
its system of laws has been created. The
legislature had a Lexow committee then
investigating charges of favoritism and
cruelty on the part of the police. The
Chief of Police and the warden of the jail
were before the committee and sharply ex-
amined. The charges were brought for-
ward with conviction, and resisted with
the calmness of innocence. The chief,
a boy familiarly known as Eddy, was
clad in blue denim with gold braid, the
uniform of the police, and wore his rank
on a crownless straw hat. He was al-
ready observed for his calm tempera-
ment and the persuasive manner in
which he allayed disorder where his sub-
ordinates flourished clubs. He had come
from more unhappy surroundings than
any boy in Camp, but here he was easily
seen to be one of the healthful influ-
ences of the place. The result of the in-
vestigations of the Lexow committee was
afterward seen publicly posted:

  “ Keepers of the prison are hereby for-
bidden to strike prisoners except in self-
defense. A dark cell shall be provided, in
which refractory prisoners may be sub-
jected to solitary confinement.”

  The police force enjoys the same author-
ity and conspicuousness that it does in
larger communities. The details are posted
at six o’clock, relieved at noon, and again
at night, with orderly precision. There
744

THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

Policeman making- an Arrest.

 are five posts guarding the boundaries of
 the fifty-acre farm which constitutes the
 area of the Junior Republic. These are
 the only guards, and may be passed at any
 time by any citizen holding a pass. The
 only penal offense of the season was the
 forgery of a pass. The District Attorney
 was then working up the case. It was to
 be a trial by jury, and conviction would
 involve the wearing of stripes and convict
 labor. This was the first trial of the kind
 during the season. This had been re-
 marked in contrast to the year before, when
 penal offenses had been common and a
 gang of convicts rather permanently main-
 tained.

   In the same manner, out of the needs of
 the Republic was created the Street Clean-
 ing Department, one of the most efficient
 bureaus of the place. It was cheering in
 the morning to see Commissioner Staigg
 out overlooking
 his gangs. The
 commissioner
 was a blond
 youth, rakishly
 attired in a white
 flannel blazer,
 knee breeches,
 and long blue
 stockings. Two
 of the section
 bosses were
 lanky, half-clad
 young men who
 had taken a week
 to beat their way
 out from town to
 the Junior Re-
 public, of which
 they had heard.

 They were typ-
 ical lodging-

 house youths. Yet how potent is re-
 sponsibility! Their devotion to pickaxes
 and brooms, early and late, was conspicu-
 ous in a community where passes to Free-
 ville and freedom to orchards and grocer-
 ies could be purchased for five dollars. The
 Junior Republic occupies forty-eight acres
 on the edge of town. These are under the
 supervision of the Street Cleaning Depart-
 ment, and kept scrupulously clean. A
 glance at the bulletin posted in front of
 the post-office will give an idea of its
 methods:

Street Cleaning Department.

  “ The employees of the Street Cleaning
Department shall have power to arrest all
persons who litter up the grounds.

  “ There shall be five volunteer inspec-
tors, members of the House, whose duties
will be to see that no injustice is done to
the department or to the citizens.

  “ The contract for the construction of
board walks shall be resold on August

2	2 d. ”

  The presence of citizens wearing shawls
and aprons in the legislature has implied
equal suffrage. This by no means always
prevailed. The young Republic being
modeled on the greater republic, its law-
making was exclusively in the hands of
the boys. But the taxes being levied ac-
cording to valuation on all citizens alike,
the girls began to ask: “-Why do we have
to pay for having things done?’’

The question was carefully explained.

  “Very well,” said one; “then we will
go up to the next legislature and have

so m eth i ng to
say. ”

  But one of the
swells of the
Camp, a boy of
seventeen, and a
great favorite of
the girls, told
them that if they
did go the y
couldn’t vote.
Besides,it wasn’t
ladylike to vote,
anyway. No la-
dies voted in the
city.

  'This satisfied
the girls, who
said they “did-
n’t want to vote
after all.” But
in time, another

The IVorkhnuse Gang. Toilers whom hunger drives to the workhouse are
given filain food in exchange for a certain amount of -work.
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

745

and larger tax bill was
presented. This enraged
them. They declared
they were not going to
put up with any such
work. A deputation ac-
cordingly went to Mr.

(ieorge, who is the presi-
dent of the Junior Re-
public, and asked him
what they could do
about it. They were
told that they had the
right to petition the
legislature to give them
the right to vote. This
they did, but the bill
was defeated. They
made, however, a second
effort, and the suffrage
was granted.

It was my good for-
tune to attend a primary.

There were three parties
—that in power, that
intimating a ring and
charging favoritism on the part of the
government, and the girls’ ticket. There
were nominating speeches, and clamorous
charges of fraud in the caucus, repeaters
being haled out by the police and taken to
the station-house. It is gratifying, how-
ever, to add that this proved to be the re-
sult of ignorance and not intention on the

liusy Time in the Police Qturt. (The •whole procedure is exactly modeled on the New York City

police courts.)

                                           I knows a thing or two about politics me-
                                           self.”

                                       The actual state, Mr. George would
argue, is essential to the making of good
citizens, which it is the object of the Ju-
nior Republic to do. Consequently it
should involve a knowledge of the pitfalls
as well as of the benefits of government,
part of the arrested. The election was With Mr. George naturally resides the veto
held the next afternoon, after a busy morn- power. This he tells me he has been
ing of electioneering, under the auspices called to exercise not over six times; and

of the police, in the courthouse, and the
results posted that evening.

usually it has been in the case of some law
the consequences of which were further

 The machinery of elections corresponds reaching than the people’s representatives
 to that of the greater republic, including could see.

the latest improvement, the blanket bal-
lot. It will have been noticed throughout

For example, the charge for issuing
passes is five dollars. With chivalrous in-

that no ideal system of government is at- tent, Congress passed a law requiring the
tempted. On the contrary, the defects as girls to pay only two dollars and a half.

well as the virtues of our republican sys-
tem, as far as practicable, are followed.
This, which might be considered an experi-
ment of doubtful value by perfectionists,
has something
to say for itself.

Such was Dod
Wotton’s view.

“1 tell youse,

I’ve been a citi-
zen meself, an’

Jimmy O. will
never lead me
around by the
nose, like he
leads me fader.

Convicts Breaking Stone.

This law Presi-
dent George ve-
toed, since it
was not improb-
able that on
some future oc-
casion the girls
might be dis-
criminated
against on the
ground that they
only paid half
price for their
passes, anyway.

The familiar
name of Camp to
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC IN THE WORLD.

designate the fifty acres occupied by the
Junior Republic indicates that the mili-
tary obligations of the citizens are not neg-
lected. There are three companies, armed
with State rilles, under a colonel and his
staff, and with an inspiring fife and drum
corps. The last only is uniformed. The
colonel at least has a coat, but there are
not a few privates with three fingers on the
ribs bare. The relative unimportance of
boots, suspenders, and neckties to soldierly
qualities was forced on
the observation. In
fact, to the outsider,
one of the lessonsof this
novel experiment is how
little, after all, is essen-
tial. The troops are
drilled by a member of
the Seventh regiment,
one of Mr. George’s
volunteer aides, and
would be a credit to any
military school which
more fortunate young
people attend. There
are glorious afternoons
spent in sham fights
over the slopes and in
imposing clouds of blue
smoke rent with battle
cries. The feature of
the closing day is dress
parade. It is a sight
impressive to solemnity.

This is partly due to the
contributory landscape,

beautiful under the de-	Borrowing Money an /

dining rays of the sun;
but more to the sentiment of the occasion.
There is almost always a picturesque group
behind Mr. George, commander-in-chief—
grave professors, farmers, and fine ladies
alike stealthily disposing of vagrant tears.
Dress parade is carried out in all its de-
tails, and to these is added the flag drill of
the company of girls, duly officered, and
no less conspicuous for their martial bear-
ing than the boys.

  Six days of observation had demon-
strated the complete freedom of the citi-
zen under the laws for which he was re-
sponsible. But people who can keep their
hands oil the individual on week days can
rarely resist at least touching the shoul-
der on Sunday. Mr. George, to whom is
due the idea of this enterprise and its de-
velopment, is preeminently a religious man.
Faith shines in his face and illumines his
eyes. But here is absolute separation of
Church and State. The courthouse bell

rings for a chance sermon. There is a
Sunday-school. Decorous groups attend,
girls in a fresh ribbon, boys girt about the
neck. But citizens are strolling over the
grounds, lying on the sunny slopes, spend-
ing the day as they are so minded with
book or company. There is some relig-
ious activity. The Sunday-school sup-
ports a missionary, who is waitress and
member of the lower House as well. There
is a Junior Endeavor Club, in which such a
number of nationalities
may be counted cross-
legged on tables and
the floor that it might
seem like a little cor-
ner of the millennium;
but this is rather due to
the cohesive power of
song, even though it be
that of Gospel hymns.

  During the summer
the only schools are in-
dustrial, and are re-
garded rather as trades
for which wages are
paid. The organization
of the Republic, how-
ever, is kept up through
the winter. Thirty-five
boys, as many as the
buildings would accom-
modate, were selected
to remain. These go to
school. Freeville de-
clined their company.
Thus the school of the
Making out a Note. Republic was instituted
with educational fea-
tures of its own. The essential differ-
ence is that school here is a business.
There are workmen, inspectors, and teach-
ers. These are paid according to their
services. All are pupils. The teachers
are the older boys under Mr. George’s
guidance. The workmen are the younger
boys, and the inspectors are from the
middle grade. These are not mere terms.
In arithmetic, for example, the workman
contracts to build a sewer, dig a ditch, or
lay stone according to certain specifica-
tions. These tasks involve those arithmet-
ical principles that he is ready to encounter.
The inspectors look over the work to
see if it is properly done. If the workman
needs assistance, he can hire the inspector,
who in this way earns his living. One
result is that the idle boy, when required
to do work for John Smith of Elmira, in a
hurry to get his foundations built, or eggs
packed for the winter market, will keep
THE SMALLEST REPUBLIC LN THE WORLD.

747

at it, big with responsibility, until the
work is done.

  But perhaps no better idea of the work-
ings of the Junior Republic in the full
exercise of its functions can be gained than
from the “Financial Budget” which is
weekly posted at the post-office door, and
of which the following is an example:

Solving /or the Government-

             Income.                       Expenses.           
                               Garbage............      S'7 75 
                                                               
“ Elmira......         • >4 50 Lamps...........          •I 50 
        “ Waldorf. .  .. 40 00 Police .............            
Delmonico’s .......  .. 165 00 Senate............        22 50 
Sherry’s............           House............      •• 43 50 
                                                               
Fines...............           Prison.............             
                               Watchman ........        1.1 00 
Office Kent.....          ? 00 Tool Clerk.......          5 50 
Post-office ......        2 60 Library............             
Tariff...........         7 59 Dues ............               
                                                     i* ’JO 00 
                                                               
                               Grounds...........              
                               I'uture Projects .. .      1000 
                       $817 36                         $589 25 
  These details are soberly inspected by the
citizens going to and fro from post-office
and bank, to see what are the rates of
concession for hotels and restaurants, and
the amount of surplus in view of future
taxation.

  The Republic is the result of the dis-
satisfaction of a young New Yorker, Mr.
William George, with philanthropic meth-
ods. These tend to lose the individual
in the system, when the need is for good
citizens and free men. The fact of citi-
zenship never had firmer hold on the mind
of man than it has in the hatless, shoeless
boy with his hands in his pockets, walking

over the slopes of this little domain. It
is seen in the personal relations of the
President of the Junior Republic and its
citizens, whose frankness of intercourse
and mutual respect would confound those
hierarchies that call for superintendents
and matrons.

  Mr. George’s most capable chief-of-
staff is his mother.
Most familiarly she is
known as “ Mother
George,” a title which
dispenses with explana-
tion. Yet as member
of the Board of I lealth
she may be called by
an indignant citizen
to defend her acts be-
fore the courts, and
after justice is appeased,
go forth as ever-beneli-
cent, untiring Mother
George.

  The George Junior
Republic was last year
but in its second sum-
m e r. T he g r e a t e r
number of its two hun-
dred inhabitants were
new. They had come
pledged for seventy
days—a pledge they
were required to keep.
There have been desert-
ers, two of whom were recaptured at a
neighboring town by the police of the
Republic, and subsequently became hon-
orable citizens. The inhabitants are
chosen from the least fortunate, and the
worst surroundings. No boy is too bad
for admittance. One of the most hapless
of these children is a boy tinder twelve
who has committed arson five times and
bears the marks of the congenital offender.
But heredity does not appear to be con-
sidered here. The boy has a guardian
appointed by the government in an older
boy who is responsible for him. Thus far
the responsibility has worked admirably
for both. No one would contend that the
two brief years of the Junior Republic has
yet demonstrated more than that it is an
interesting experiment, fortified by such
instances as this—a boy is a consistent
law-breaker, and after some forty arrests
and punishments, sagely concludes that
law-breaking does not pay. He goes to
work, and before the season closes has
laid up forty dollars, which, redeemed in
potatoes, is sufficient to keep his family at
home all winter.
THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

By Robert Barr,

Author of “ The Face and the Mask,” “ In the Midst of Alarms,” etc.

OLD Monro’s general store was sup-
posed to contain everything that a
human being might require. The shelves
on the right-hand side as you entered were
filled with all kinds of groceries, canned
goods, spices, and so forth, not to mention
glass jars containing brilliantly colored
candies, the envy of all the children in the
place, which made the boys resolve that
when they grew up they would be grocers:
an aspiration augmented by bags of hazel
nuts and boxes of raisins placed just be-
yond the reach of a long arm. On the
counter at this side stood a big pair of
scales by means of which the various com-
modities were weighed. What rested under
the counter nobody exactly knew; it was
an unknown land, into which the grocer or
his assistant dived, bringing to light sugar,
coffee, tea, or almost anything that was
called for, with something of the mystery
that surrounds a conjurer when he devel-
ops an unexpected omelette from a silk
hat.

  On the public side of the counter were
ranged barrels of nails, for the most part,
which served as seats for lazy customers
or loiterers about the store, while at the
same time the contents of the barrels did
not offer the temptation to purloiners that
soda crackers or nuts might have done.
On the left-hand side of the store were
bolts of cloth for men and women, chiefly
for the latter; and instead of scales being
on that counter, there were brass-headed
nails driven on the inside edge of it, that
measured a yard, half a yard, quarter of a
yard, and so forth, enabling the deft assist-
ant to run off speedily the length required,
snip it at the exact spot with the little scis-
sors from his vest pocket, and then, with
an ear-satisfying rip, tear the cloth across.

  Sam, the assistant, was easily the lead-
ing man of the place, for he understood
the mysteries of bookkeeping and he ar-
rayed himself with the gorgeousness which
no young man of the neighborhood could
hope to emulate, as Sam had the resources
of this emporium at his command, getting
neckties and other necessaries at wholesale
prices.

  Old Monro himself was rather a tough-
looking, gnarled individual, who paid little
attention to dress, as often as not serving
his customers in his shirt-sleeves, and was
thus thought by the youth of the village
to underestimate his privileges, although
the lumbermen rather envied him his run
of the tobacco-box, where the black plugs
lay tightly wedged together and had to be
dislodged by a blunt chisel. Old Munro
chewed tobacco continually, and all he had
to do when one plug was exhausted was to
go to the box and take out another: surely
a most entrancing prerogative.

  The young man who now stood "before
the counter in the public part of the store
seemed somewhat incongruous in such a
place. He was dressed neatly, and in
what was referred to with some contempt
as “city style,” which dwellers in the
country naturally despised. His carefully-
tied scarf, instead of being like Joseph’s
coat, of many colors, and those all flam-
ing, was of one quiet hue; and the disdain
with which Sam contemplated him was
tinctured uneasily by the feeling that per-
haps, after all, this was the correct thing,
although it made such little show.

  Old Monro’s thoughts, however, were
not on dress. Nevertheless, he regarded
the young man before him with a look in
which pity was the predominant element.
Monro was not now acting in his capacity
of store-keeper, but in his role of school
trustee, one of three, and the chief one,
who had the management of the educa-
tional interests of Pineville. Russell Cop-
ford, who had applied for the position of
teacher in the Pineville school, had some
expectation that his scholastic attainments
were to be critically looked into, but this
was not the case.

  “ Do you think you can lick the big
boys?” asked old Monro. “They’re a
tough lot; ain’t they, Sam?”

  “ You bet! ” replied Sam.

  “ I’m not a believer in corporal punish-
ment,” said young Copford, “and I hope
to be able to manage the school without
it.”

  “ Don’t believe in licking?” cried old
ROBERT BARR.

749

Monro, with evident doubt of the appli-
cant’s fitness for the post. “ What do you
think of that, Sam ? ”

  “ Don’t think much of it,” said Sam.
“No more do I,” replied Monro. “I
don’t see how you can run a school with-
out the gad.”

  “ Well,” said the young man reflec-
tively, with the air of one who has an
open mind on all subjects, “ I hope to
interest the pupils so much in what I have
to teach them, that punishment will not
be necessary; but if it is necessary I shall
not hesitate to employ ft.”

  The old man laughed, with an inward
chuckle of enjoyment rather than any
outward demonstration of merriment.

  “ Let’s see, Sam,” he said; “ is it three
teachers they’ve run out of this section ? ”
“ Four, I think,” said Sam.

  “ Well, it’s either three or four. Yes, I
guess it was four. My boy licked three of
them, I think, and Waterman’s boy he
knocked out the other. Billy Waterman
and our Tom they’re pretty hard seeds;
aren’t they, Sam ? ”

  “They’re a tough lot,” said Sam im-
partially.

  “ Yes,” continued the old man, his mind
apparently running back over the past and
bringing strict impartiality to bear on his
retrospect, “ we’ve had a good deal of
trouble with our teachers. The fact is, we
don't hardly know what to do with the
school; do we, Sam ? ”

  “No, we don’t,” said Sam.

  “ Our boys don’t seem to take to learn-
ing, and when the teacher puts 011 any airs
with them, they up and lick him. One of
the teachers brought an action for assault
and battery. Let’s see,” continued Monro,
meditatively, “ was it against Billy Water-
man, or against our Tom ? ”

  “ It was against Tom,” said Sam.

  “ I expect it was. Anyhow, the magis-
trate said that if the teacher didn’t know
how to run the school, he wasn’t there to
learn him, and so he dismissed the case.
That’s why I want to warn you, for it ain’t
110 picnic to run our school; is it, Sam ? ”

  “ No, it ain’t,” agreed Sam.

  “ Why, some years ago we tried, as a
sort of experiment, how a woman teacher
would do. She was a mighty pretty, nice
little girl; wasn’t she, Sam ? ”

  “ Yes, she was,” replied Sam, fervently,
adjusting his rainbow necktie.

  “ Well, I guess she’d ’a’ got on all right
if she hadn’t been so mighty particular.
She was going to correct Billy Waterman
for drawing pictures on his slate instead of

ciphering, and Billy he just up and took
her in his arms and kissed her, and then
the girl she sat down at her desk and
cried fit to kill, and resigned the school.
I told old Waterman Billy oughtn’t to
have done it, and he allowed it wasn’t just
right, but he ain’t got much control over
Billy, no more’n I have over Tom; have
I, Sam ?”

  “ Tom does run a little wild,” admitted
Sam.

  “I don’t mind your having the situa-
tion, Mr. Copford,” said old Monro, im-
partially, “ but if the boys turn round and
thrash you, don’t come whining here to me,
because, you see, I’ve w’arned you;
haven’t I, Sam ? ”

  “You have,” said Sam.

  “That is all right,” replied Copford,
with a twinkle in his eye. “ But on the
other hand, Mr. Monro, if they bring Tom
home some day on a shutter, don’t blame
me. ’ ’

  The old man threw back his head and
laughed.

  “Well, youngster,” he said, “you’ve
got some spunk, although you don’t look
it. That’s the way I like to hear a fellow
talk, but you ain’t seen our Tom yet; has
he, Sam ? ”

  “ No,” replied Sam, emphatically, “ he
hasn’t.”

  And so, with little formality, it was ar-
ranged that Russell Copford should teach
the public school at Pineville.

  The young man turned away from the
general store and walked up the sawdust
street of the village with anything but a
light heart. For one who had had an edu-
cation in a great university and who had
spent a year in Paris studying art, it was
indeed an appalling thing to be condemned
for an unknown length of time to teach a
backwoods school in America. Sudden
financial disaster had overwhelmed his
father and brothers, who were in business,
but who, nevertheless, looked into the
future with confidence and hoped to re-
trieve their former position. But mean-
while Russell had to do the best he could
for himself, and hope for better times; and
when a young man in America does not
know what to do, he plays trumps and
tackles school teaching—that stepping-
stone for lawyers, clergymen, and profes-
sional men of all sorts, and even presi-
dents.

  The town was built of pine, it smelt of
pine, it lived on pine, and the resinous,
healthful odor of pine pervaded every
corner of it. The droning roar of the cir-
75°

THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

cular saws eating their way through pine
logs filled the air, accentuated by the
shriller scream of the glittering buzz-
saws revolving with such incredible swift-
ness as they edged the boards that they
seemed to stand still, and were, as the
proverb says, not healthy to “monkey”
with.

  The population of Pineville were all con-
nected either directly or indirectly with the
lumber industry, and the children whom
Copford was supposed to teach could
hardly be expected to have the manners
of Vere de Vere. It was also quite evi-
dent that the chief man interested in the
progress of the school regarded the assault-
ing of a teacher by one of the big boys as
rather a joke than otherwise.

  Young Copford set his teeth rather firmly
as he walked up the sawdust street of the
place. Monro had given him the keys of
the schoolhouse—a large key for the outer
door and a smaller one for the school-
master’s desk, tied together by a string—
and with these jingling in his pocket, he
sought the temple of learning.

  The schoolhouse stood alone, some dis-
tance outside of the village, and was a
rough, unpainted structure, with a well-
trodden playground surrounding it, and
not a plant, tree, or any living green thing
anywhere near it. On entering, Copford
found a large room with a platform at one
end, on which stood a desk. There was a
blackboard along the wall behind the desk,
while some very tattered colored maps
hung at the farther end of the room. The
school furniture was of the rudest possible
kind, evidently built by the carpenter who
had erected the schoolhouse. A broad
desk of plank ran round three walls, on
benches before which the elder children
undoubtedly sat. In the center of the
room were movable benches, without
desks in front of them, which seemed to
indicate that the greater portion of the
pupils were still studying the useful, but
not particularly advanced, alphabet.

  On Monday morning the school began at
nine, and about a quarter before that hour
Copford appeared, and saw for the first
time the thirty or forty boys and girls, of
all ages and sizes, whom he was to in-
struct. He had little difficulty, even be-
fore he asked the pupils their names, in
distinguishing Tom Monro and Billy
Waterman; they were the two biggest
boys in the school, and Monro had the
shrewd, humorous look of his father, with
the added air of truculence which comes
to a boy who is the acknowledged boss of

the school, not to speak of the unusual
record of having thrashed three teachers.
His closely cropped, bullet head showed
him to be a combative, stubborn person
who would not be easy to coerce or per-
suade. On the other hand, Billy Water-
man was a surprise. As Copford looked
at him, he could hardly credit the fact
that he also had a teacher’s scalp at his
belt, although he could quite readily be-
lieve he had picked up a schoolmistress
and kissed her.

  Billy was a dreamy-eyed, poetic-looking
young fellow, robust enough, but not at
all one who might be finally placed in the
category of hopelessly bad boys. There
was no question, however, but Tom Monro
would prove a match, if it came to fisti-
cuffs, for nearly any teacher in the State.

  Copford was amazed to see among his
pupils nearly half a dozen girls who would
have been classed as young ladies any-
where else. One in particular was ex-
ceedingly pretty, and she modestly told
him, when he asked, that her name was
Priscilla Willard. Copford was quick to
see that he was going to have little trouble
so far as the girls were concerned, for
before the day was over it was quite palpa-
ble that they all liked him; but he had his
doubts whether this preference would make
his way smoother with the boys, especially
with those whom he might, without exag-
geration, have termed young men.

  The first week passed with nothing par-
ticular to distinguish its progress, and
Copford found his elder pupils further ad-
vanced than he expected, especially in
arithmetic, which the parents thought a
more practical branch of education than
such comparatively ornamental depart-
ments as geography and grammar. Cop-
ford also, to his amazement, realized that
he liked his new profession. Children
generally are filled with such eager curios-
ity that it is a man’s own fault if he fails
to interest them; and Copford’s methods
were a continual surprise to his pupils.
He actually laughed if a boy, expecting
a thrashing, made a joke at his expense;
and then he told them stories to which
they listened with wide-open eyes. For
the first time in their lives geography
became a living thing to them, for the
wonderful young man before them had
actually visited many of the places which
were to them but names on the map, and
he often gave them thrilling accounts of
adventures he had had in this foreign city
or the other.

  The teacher was quite palpably on the
‘I don’t MIND YOUR HAVING THE SITUATION. . . . BUT IF THE BOYS TURN ROUND AND THRASH YOU, DON'T COME

WHINING HERE TO ME.’ ”
752

THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

road to immense popularity, for when
children do like a teacher they adore him;
there is no half-way ground with the
young. But Monro and Waterman held
sulkily aloof; they apparently were not
going to make friends with a man they
would shortly be compelled to thrash.

  The gauntlet was first flung down by
Billy Waterman. One day in the second
week, Copford had returned to school after
having had dinner, and seated himself at
his desk. The stillness that reigned was
unnatural and oppressive. He saw some-
thing was wrong, but could not tell what
it was. The fair head of Priscilla was bent
over her desk, but there was an expression
of intense indignation on her brow.
Waterman and Monro were exhibiting an
industry over their slates that was more
than usually ominous. One of the very
small boys in the front A-B-C row giggled
in a sudden manner that indicated previ-
ous suppression of his feelings, and then
tried to choke off his ill-timed merri-
ment by burying his mouth in his hands,
a look of intense fear coming into his
eyes.

  “ Well, Peter,” said Copford, genially,
“what is the fun about? I don’t think
you should keep it to yourself, if the joke
is as good as all that.”

  “ It’s on the blackboard, master,” said
the frightened boy, in a hysterical gurgle
between a laugh and a cry.

  Copford turned his head and saw on the
blackboard an exceedingly clever carica-
ture of himself, drawn in white chalk. The
exaggerated likeness was obvious, and the
malicious intent equally so. The master
rose to his feet, turned his back upon the
school, and gazed for a few moments on
the caricature, while an intense quiet
reigned in the room. Finally he turned
and said:

  “ Who drew that picture ? ”

  There was no reply. Billy Waterman,
turning a trifle pale about the lips, bent his
head over his slate. No pupil gave the
slightest indication of the culprit, but Tom
Monro looked directly at the master with
an expression that said, ‘‘Now we’ll see
how much grit lie’s got.”

  “Well, Master Waterman,” said Cop-
ford, easily, “if I had drawn a picture as
clever as that, I shouldn’t be ashamed to
own it.”

  “ Who said I drew it ? ” muttered Billy,
truculently, not going to be caught by
such chaff as that.

  “ Who says it ? I say it.”

  “ Oh, do you ? ” remarked Billy, menac-

ingly. “ Well, what else have you got to
say about it ? ”

  “I’m not going to say,” replied the
master. “ I’m going to do.”

  “Well, what are you going to do?”
cried Billy, throwing one leg over the
bench on which he sat, and turning from
the wall, so that he might be ready for
either attack or defence.

  Priscilla looked up in alarm, her face
pale, gazing beseechingly at the master,
as if to warn him of his danger.

  “What am I going to do?” said the
teacher. “ Now’ if you will all pay atten-
tion for a moment, I’ll show you. You
see this picture; it is a very good carica-
ture of myself, but just watch me add a
few lines to it.”

  Copford took up the white finger of the
chalk crayon, and gave a touch to the
blackboard, near the eye of the figure, then
drew a swift line or two about the mouth,
a dab here and a dab there, and stood
back quickly, so that all might see the re-
sult of his work. An instantaneous roar
broke out from the school—a roar of laugh-
ter. The result on the board was the dead
image of the master, with a comicality
added to his expression that was simply
irresistible. Billy Waterman gazed with
dropped jaw and incredulous, wide-open
eyes at the picture.

  “ Well, I swan! ” he cried, unconscious
that he was speaking.

  The master turned again to the black-
board, and after a few strokes, very rap-
idly accomplished, stood back again, and
exhibited to their wondering eyes a picture
of Billy himself as he gazed with open
mouth at the result. And now the children
applauded as if they were at a theatre.
No such expertness had they ever seen
even at the most interesting show which
had heretofore visited the town. Copford
picked up the woolly brush used for clean-
ing the blackboard, and was about to ob-
literate the result of his labors, when Billy
Waterman arrested his hand by crying out,
en treat ingly:

  “ Oh, master, don’t blot it out.”

  “Very well,” said the teacher. “We
will let it stay there for the remainder of
the afternoon; but I hopenoneof the trus-
tees will come in and see what we have
been doing. I think, however, we will
shorten up one or two of the classes, and
thus get time for me to teach you a little
about drawing. It is a most interesting
study, and I believe I can give you some
hints that will be useful.”

  Russell Copford knew from that hour
ROBERT BARR.

753

onward Billy Waterman was his slave.
The young fellow’s dreamy eyes followed
him wherever he went, quite undisturbed
by the sneers of Tom Monro, who had no
sympathy with such foolishness.

  The teacher had all the pupils with him
now, bar one. Tom Monro was not clever
in any line, except in the single subject of
arithmetic; and although Copford fre-
quently praised the celerity with which
the lad solved difficult problems, yet the
intended flattery made no impression upon
Tom’s hard, bullet head. There came into
the young man’s eyes, on these occasions,
a lowering look, which said as plainly as
words, “You can’t soft solder me.”

  One evening, after school had been dis-
missed, Copford sat at his desk, writing in
the head-lines of the copy-books, for this
was before the days of Spencerian copper-
plate head-lines, and it was the teacher’s
duty to inscribe carefully at the top of the
page such innocent expressions as: “ Many
men of many minds, many birds of many
kinds,” which gave the pupil working on
the letter M a sufficient quantity down the
page of both capital and small script ATs
to inure his hand to its intricacies. Tom
Monro had been more than usually sullen
that day, and although it was evident the
cloud would soon break, yet impending
disaster did not trouble the mind of the
teacher. There arose, instead, between his
eye and the page, the fair comely head of
Priscilla, and he wondered to find such a
flower of sweetness and light in a rough
mill town. He took up her copy-book and
looked long at the pretty, accurate, round
hand, the letters of which were formed
even better than he could write them him-
self. Then he did something that was
exceedingly unlike what we might expect
from a grave pedagogue, and which would
have amazed his pupils had they sat in that
empty room. He raised the copy-book to
his lips for one brief moment, and, as he
did so, was startled by a timid knock at
the inside door.

  “ Come in,” he cried, the color mount-
ing to his cheeks.

  The door opened, as one might say,
timorously, and there he saw Priscilla her-
self standing before him, her smooth
cheeks flushed like a lovely sunset, as if
she had been running, her hand trembling
as she held the knob of the door.

  “Oh, master,” she cried, breathlessly,
“ please do not give us the grindstone
question to-morrow! ”

  “The grindstone question?” repeated
Copford with rising inflection, not under-

standing what she meant, then adding
with softened voice: “ Come in, Priscilla.”
But the girl still stood on the doorstep,
which communicated with the outside
closed porch that shielded her from view
had any one been passing, a most unlikely
event, for the schoolhouse stood in a
lonely situation.

  “ Four men, A, B, C, D,” said the girl,
hurriedly, “ bought a grindstone four feet
in diameter, and each agreed to grind off
his share. How many inches should A, B,
C, and D grind off respectively ? ”

  “ What an idiotic way of buying a grind-
stone! ” said Copford, laughing and ad-
vancing towards her, but the girl shrunk
against the door. The young man seeing
her timidity, stopped in his approach, and
added, a shade of tenderness unconsciously
mellowing his voice:

  “ Won’t you come in, Priscilla ? I have
never tried the grindstone question, but I
think I can manage it. I will work it out
on the blackboard here. If you sit down
I will explain it as I go along.”

  “ Oh, it isn’t that! ” cried Priscilla, with
an anxious note in her voice. “ I can do
the question as it is done in the book, al-
though I am afraid I don’t understand it
very well; but what I wanted to tell you
is, that Tom Monro does it in another way
and gets the correct answer. He is very
stubborn, and refuses to do it in the way
the book says it should be done. Then
there is trouble—and—and—”

  “ And Tom thrashes the teacher ? ” sup-
plemented Copford, inquiringly.

  “Yes, sir,” replied Priscilla, blushing
deeply, her eyes on the floor. “The
smaller children are frightened, and they
cry, and we all sit here helpless. It makes
me feel how uncivilized we are, and if it
ever happens again, I shall never return
to school.”

  “Ah, Priscilla, that would be cruel; I
should not care to teach if you were not
here. If the good pupils desert,” lie
added quickly, seeing the look of alarm
that came into her face, with a movement
indicative of retreat, “and leave the
teacher alone with the bad, then are the
innocent punished, while the guilty are
triumphant. So you want me to avoid the
grindstone question to-morrow ? ”

  “Yes, please.”

  “ It seems to me rather shirking my re-
sponsibilities, but I’ll tell you what I will
do; I’ll let it stand over until day after
to-morrow, and perhaps in the meantime
I can devise some method of avoiding a
public conflict. By the way, did any of
754

THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

credit,” said the
schoolmaster, frank-
ly; “ always suppos-
ing that his solution
is not an arbitrary
one and can be ex-
plained step by step. ’ ’
Copford went to
his desk and picked
up a volume which
treated of arithmetic,
running the pages
past his thumb and
examining the book
here and there.
Without looking up,
he said quietly:

  “I can’t find the
grindstone question;
where is it ? ”

  “I’ll show you,”
replied the girl, in-
nocently, advancing
and taking the book
from his hand.

  “ There it is,” she
added, pointing out
the knotty problem.

  The schoolmaster
looked at it critically.
Underneath the
question itself, on
the same page, was
the solving of it in
plain figures ; the
compiler of the book
evidently thinking
that his grindstone
question might per-
haps baffle the teach-
ers themselves, which
indeed was the case,
for most of them
clung to that solu-
tion as an inebriate
man clings to a lamp-
post, afraid to move
away from it.

  The schoolmaster
apparently examined
the unraveling of the
problem with knitted
brow.

“ ‘ WKLL, TOMMY, MY BOY,’SAID THE TEACHER, ‘WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH THE GLOVES? ’	it ^Yg]| ” J-j g Said

at last, closing the

the former teachers show Tom Monro	book, “I will spend a little time with

where he was wrong in his solution ? ”	this question privately, and see if there is

  “ They knew he was wrong, because he	any other method of solving it. When

refused to do it the way it was done in the	you entered, Priscilla, I was just examining

arithmetic.”	your copy-book. Here it is, you see, open

  “ Oh, I think that was entirely to his	on my desk, and I have come to the con-
ROBERT BARR.

755

elusion that you write much better than I
do myself, so it seems rather useless for
me to set you any more head-lines. I
could not help thinking what silly mottoes
and adages the pupils are made to tran-
scribe. Just notice the inanity of the page
you have been doing. ‘ Many men of
many minds, many birds of many kinds.’
Could anything be more futile! Now, as
the next page begins with iV, I have picked
out a line for you, and I am going to ask
you to write it yourself.”

  The girl laughed, and sat in his chair,
taking his pen in her hand and placing
the copy-book before her. Copford
turned the pages of a small volume which
lay open on his desk, and read the line:

  “ ' Never idle a moment, but thrifty and
thoughtful of others.’ ”

  “ That is a beautiful line,” she said, as
she finished writing it.

  “Yes,” he answered, “and it looks
more beautiful now that your pen has
traced it. Do you know to whom it re-
fers ? ”

  “ No, I never heard it before,” she
said, gently shaking her head.

  “ Then listen to the lines that go with it:

“ ‘ Truly, Priscilla,’ lie said, ‘ when I see you spin-
     ning and spinning,

Never idle a moment, but thrifty and thoughtful of
    others,

Suddenly you are transformed or visibly changed in
    a moment;

No longer Priscilla, but Bertha the Beautiful Spinner.'

  “ Which I will amend by calling you
Priscilla the beautiful writer.”

  “It is Longfellow, is it not?” she
asked. “ There is a part of ‘ Evangeline ’
in our text-book, and it reads like that.”

  “ Yes, this is one of Longfellow’s poems,
and the one I like most of all. I wish you
would let me give you this book for you
to keep in remembrance of the time
you warned me. Here, I shall write on
the fly-leaf:

  “ ‘ Priscilla, thoughtful of others.’ ”
““Oh, I must go,” she cried, a tumult
rising in her heart, but she took the book
and hurriedly thanked him.

  He held her hand for a moment, his
whole impulse being to draw her toward
him and treat her as he had treated her
copy-book, but he had mercy on her diffi-
dent modesty and restrained his impulse,
hoping selfishly that a future reward
would wait on his self-restraint, which it
undoubtedly did; but with that we have
nothing to do, for this story does not ex-
tend to the courtship and marriage of

Russell Copford and Priscilla Willard; it
deals with war, and not with love.

  Next day Copford announced in the
school that he would postpone the arith-
metic class until the morrow, and would
give them a lesson in drawing instead.
This proclamation did not appear to gra-
tify Tom Monro, although it filled the rest
of the school with delight. Tom had pre-
pared himself for the sequel to the inevi-
table grindstone question, and he did not
care to have the contest postponed; so he
sat sullenly in his place, paying no atten-
tion to the brilliant art display which the
teacher exhibited on the blackboard by
means of various colored chalk crayons.

  When school was dismissed at four
o’clock, Copford said to Tom Monro: “ I
want you to wait until the others have
gone.”

  “ What for ? ” asked Tom, gruffly.

  “I have something to show you,” re-
plied the master.

  “ I don’t know that 1 care about seeing
it,” said Tom, rudely. “I get enough
schoolmastering from nine till four. I’ve
got other things to do after school’s out.
If you think I’m interested in drawing,
you’re mistaken.”

  “ I can see that you are not interested in
drawing,” said Copford, mildly, “ and I am
not going to speak to you about it; so you
need have no fears on that score. The
fact is, Tom, I want you to do me a favor.

I	haven’t had any exercise since I came to
this place, and I want to limber up a little,
if I may put it that way. There, now,
the last lingerer has gone, and we are
alone.”

  Copford opened his desk and drew from
the inside two pairs of boxing-gloves,
which, closing the desk, he placed upon
the lid.

  “ Have you ever seen wearing apparel
of that nature before ? ” he inquired.

  “ No,” said Tom, interested in spite of
himself. “ What are they for ? ”

  “They are boxing-gloves. I am very
fond of boxing, and used to be rather
good at it, so it struck me you might
oblige me by giving me the chance of a
little exercise. I should say from your
build that you ought to make a fair fighter,
if you know how to use your strength.”

  Tom’s eyes lit up with the flame of lust
of combat.

  “ Nobody that ever stood up to me ever
had any complaint to make that 1 didn’t
know how to fight,” he said. “ But I
fight with my fists; I don’t see the use of
them things.”
75^

THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

  “These,” said the master, “are very
useful for deadening a blow, and yet you
can give pretty good hard licks with
them. ”

  “ 1 fight with my fists,” persisted Tom,
“and I don’t care to have them swathed
in pillows, no matter what the other fellow
might think.”

  “Well,” said Copford, genially, “you
can’t expect me to go round town with a
black eye and a swollen nose, can you ?
And yet I have known such gloves to close
up a man’s eye. Here, help me to place
these benches out of the way.”

  Tom went to work with a will, and in a
few minutes the whole central portion of
the schoolroom was clear.

  “ Now I’ll tie on the gloves for you,”
said Copford, which he did, afterwards
putting on his own.

  Tom swung round his arms, with the un-
accustomed pillows, as he called them, at
the ends of them.

  “ I don’t like these things a little bit,”
he said. “ They seem to me clumsy. I
don't see how anybody can do anything
with them.”

  “ I knew I should interest you,” said
the teacher. “ That was why I asked you
to wait. Now, smite me with one of them.
But, I say, Tom, you mustn’t stand like
that, or you’ll get knocked over before
you know where you are. Put your foot
forward as you see me doing.”

  “ Look here, master,” said Tom pug-
naciously, “you stand as you like, and
I’ll do the same, and be very thankful if
you can stand at all when I get through
with you.”

  “All right,” replied the teacher, “but
remember I have warned you. Now hit
out, and let us see what you can do.”

  Tom lunged forward and had his blow
parried. Again and again he tried to
strike the young man, who seemed to stand
so carelessly before him, yet whose arm
was ever ready to nullify the most power-
ful blow he had to offer. The harder Tom
Worked the angrier he got. Thinking he
was impeded by the hand-gear, he de-
nounced the gloves.

  “ These are no good,” he roared.
“ Even if I could hit you, it wouldn’t
amount to anything. You take the
gloves off, and I’ll show you what we’re
here for.”

  Hitherto Copford had merely stood on
the defensive, but now that the gloves
were maligned he shouted out to his oppo-
nent:

  “ Look out for yourself; I’ll show you

  whether they are so innocent as you seem
to think.”

  Tom rushed in where angels would have
had good reason to fear to tread, and
received an unexpected shoulder blow
straight in the face that staggered him.
Whereupon he roared once more and came
in again; but this time the teacher, with a
swinging movement, hit him such a stinging
blow on the ear that sent Tom over and
down in a heap on the flooT.

  “ Get up! ” cried Copford with ringing
voice. “Why, bless me, I’m ashamed of
you! I never saw anybody so useless with
his fists as you are. It reminds me of fight-
ing a cow.”

  Tom sprang to his feet, his face ablaze
with rage at the insult, and rushed at his
antagonist with the impetuosity of a mad
bull, receiving a blow in the jaw that
would undoubtedly have floored him, if,
as he went over, he had not encountered a
left-hander on the other ear, that restored
his equilibrium.

  “That’s Christian,” shouted the mas-
ter, who was getting tolerably excited.
“ When you are smitten on one cheek, you
turn the other. Of all helpless infants, I
never saw the like of you.”

  Tom put down his head like a belliger-
ent ram, and drove blindly at his adver-
sary, receiving a body blow in the breast
that not only straightened him up, but
took every atom of breath from him; and
then came swift oblivion, for there de-
scended full in his face the most appalling
impact ever experienced outside the prize-
ring, and Tom’s heels went up, and the
back of his head came down like a sledge-
hammer on the floor, where he lay.

  When Tom opened his eyes, he saw stand-
ing above him the master, with a cynical
smile on his lips, his gloved hands resting
on his hips. It seemed to Tom that he
spoke in a far-off voice, for his head was
spinning, and he felt a strange weakness
and unwonted timidity creeping over him.
Pie had a dazed idea that he had been
fighting a thunder-storm and had got
struck by lightning.

 “Well, Tommy, my boy,” said the
teacher, “what’s the matter with the
gloves ? ”

  “ They’re all right, I suppose,” replied
Tom, weakly.

  He raised himself slowly to his elbow,
then put his hand to his head, and finding
the glove still on, looked at that as if he
had not seen it before.

  “ Now,” said the master, genially, when
Tom had once more attained his feet, feel-
ROBERT BARR.

757

"THE MASTER ROSE, AND I'LACED HIS HAND ON TOM’S SHOULDER. ‘BOVS AND GIRLS,’ HE SAID TO THE CLASS, ‘ WE HAVE

HERE A BORN MATHEMATICIAN.’”

  ing very unsure of their stability, “ if you
are tired of the gloves, and want to take
to the naked fists, I am ready to accom-
modate you. Your father said he wouldn’t
grumble if I sent you home on a shutter.
So we will take off the gloves, if you don’t
mind, and see if you can do any better
with bare fists.”

  “Well, master,” said Tom, “I guess I
know when I’ve had enough.”

  “ Are you sure you have had enough.
Master Monro ? I don’t want any mistake

to creep in, and as your skull is pretty
thick, I want to feel certain I have got
an idea or two into it. If you will just
stand up to me once more, and let me get
an upper cut under your chin, J can
promise you a sensation that will make
you think your head has come off. Do
you want to experience it ? ”

  “No, thank you,” said Tom, humbly.

  “ Very well, then. Now I am going to
talk to you in a straight and friendly man-
ner. This, although you may not think
758

THE GRINDSTONE QUESTION.

it, is really an amicable meeting, because
I didn’t want to be compelled to hit you
some day in school with' my ungloved
fist. I want to say to you that I think it
is an ungentlemanly thing for a young man
like you to fight or propose fighting in the
presence of girls and little children. I
therefore wanted you to have an entirely
satisfactory measurement of your strength
against my skill here alone this evening,
and if you are not thoroughly convinced
that you are a helpless infant as far as
your fists are concerned, I shall be glad to
rene.w the contest at once, either with or
without gloves. But I warn you that if
you try any of your capers with me in
school, there will be but one blow struck,
and you will get it. Furthermore, you
will get it squarely in the face, and you
won’t be able to leave your bed for a
month after. Ever since I came here you
have been acting in high and mighty sulki-
ness, strutting round as if you wrere really
a bully, whereas you are as soft as a
feather bed. I am not going to stand it
any longer. I am going to teach this
school, and you are going to be a mighty
civil pupil; do you understand that ? ”

  “ I think you are pretty hard on me,
master,” said Tom, nearly whimpering.

  “ lam not; but I want a fair and square
understanding, and I want to have it now.
I’ll treat you in school with the greatest
respect, and you must treat me in the same
way. When I say, ‘ Thomas, I want you
to stay after the rest are gone,’ you are
not to growl, ‘ What for ? ’ You are to
say, cheerfully, ‘ Yes, sir.’ ”

  “ I’ll do it, master,” said Tom. “ You
are a man, you are, and I never went to a
man’s school before.”

  “ All right,” said Copford, holding out
his hand, and clasping that of his truculent
pupil. “ There is no more to be said, and
I won’t mention this little contest if you
don’t. So, now, good-night.”

  Next day the arithmetic class was called,
and ranged itself along the front benches
before the master’s desk. Tom Monro
was at the head of the class, for he was a
good mathematician; and Priscilla, near the
middle, looked with alarm when the mas-
ter’s sonorous voice rang out with the

words: “ Four men, A, B, C, and D, bought
a grindstone four feet in diameter. Each
ground off his share. How many inches
did A, B, C, and I) grind respectively ?”
For a few moments the silence was
broken only by the scribbling of pencil 011
slate, and then one by one the slates were
piled 011 the desk in front of the master.
When all were in place except the two be-
longing to the inefficient couple at the
foot of the class, who admitted their in-
ability to do the grinding, even when
their books showed them how it should be
done, the master turned over the slates,
and took up the first, which was that of
Tom Monro. There was an anxious still-
ness in the room.

  “ Thomas,” said the teacher, “ you have
not solved this problem as it is done in
your text-book. Do you know how to do
it as the text-book gives it ? ”

  “ Yes-sir.”

  “ Then take the chalk and go to the
blackboard and solve it as the text-book
solves it.”

  Without a word Tom Monro went to the
blackboard and worked out the problem
at it was done in the book.

  “ Now,” said Copford, “ show the class
your own way of doing it; then take the
pointer and explain, step by step, what
you have done.”

  When this was accomplished, Tom stood
patiently before the blackboard, awaiting
the next order.

  The master rose, and placed his hand
on Tom’s shoulder.

  “ Boys and girls,” he said to the class,
“ we have here a born mathematician; and
speaking for myself, I like Tom’s solution
better than the one given in the book. So,
Thomas, we will here shake hands 011 the
grindstone question, and tell your father,
when you go home, that he has every rea-
son to be proud of you; and, furthermore,
that your teacher and the school are proud
of you.”

  Big as he was, the tears came suddenly
into Tom’s eyes, which even the drubbing
of the night before had not brought forth.
He tried to speak, gulped, then taking his
slate, walked silently to his place at the
head of the class.
I'ROFF.SSOR OR I’M MOND IN HIS STUDY.

PRO F E SSO R H E N R V DRUMM O NI).

By tiie Rkv. D. M. Ross.

THE STORY OF PROFESSOR DRUMMOND’S LIFE.—HIS RARE CHARACTER, POPU-
  LARITY, AND INFLUENCE.—HIS WRITINGS AND THEIR WIDE EFFECT.—HIS
  POWER AS A PREACHER.—MIS PATIENCE UNDER SUFFERING.—HIS DEATH.

IN one of Canon Mozley’s Oxford Uni-
versity sermons there is a beautiful
Paragraph which some of us have instinc-
tively associated with Henry Drummond.
“I do not see why we should object to
admit . . . that some persons are,
even in point of character, if we may use
the expression, favorites of heaven .

1	mean that some persons certainly exhibit,
from the first dawn of their existence as
moral agents, a spiritual type that is not

only a law written in their hearts, but an
implanted goodness and beauty of charac-
ter, which carries them instinctively to that
good which others reach only by many
struggles and perhaps many falls. Such
have many of us seen—sometimes in hum-
ble life, faithful and devoted, loyal to man
and full of melody in their hearts to God,
their life one act of praise; sometimes in
a higher sphere, living amid the pride of
life, but wholly untouched by its spells;
760

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

free and unensnared souls, that had never
been lighted up by the false lights and
aspirations of human life, or been fasci-
nated by the evil of the world, though sym-
pathizing with all that is good in it, and
enjoying it becomingly; who give us, so
far as human character now can do, an in-
sight into the realms of light, the light that
comes from neither sun nor moon, but from
Him who is the light everlasting ! ”

  Such “ a favorite of heaven ” was Henry
Drummond, from his boyhood full of
brightness and frolic on to that sick-room
at Tunbridge Wells, which was transformed
by the beautiful spirit of the sufferer into a
kind of temple. There was a unique charm
alike in his personality and in his writing
and speaking, and the secret of this charm
is to be found, partly at least, in Canon
Mozley’s suggestion that it “does please
the Almighty to endow some of His
creatures from the first with extraordinary
graces.”

  Henry Drummond was singularly fortu-
nate in his home life, with its congenial
environment of affection, culture, and ro-
bust evangelical religion. He was a
school-boy to his finger-tips—fonder of
extra-academical life than of Latin gram-
mar and the dates of English history, an
enthusiast in sports and holiday rambles,
“an easy first” in puzzles, tricks, and
conundrums, and a keen observer of “ the
wonders of nature.” The school-boy’s in-
stincts indeed never died out of his heart,
and no religious teacher of our day could
win his way so quickly to a boy’s confi-
dence.

PROFESSOR DRUMMOND’S UNIVERSITY LIFE.

  He was but a lad of fifteen when he en-
tered the University of Edinburgh in 1866.
In his undergraduate course he gave no
indication of achieving future distinction;
nor indeed did his college contemporaries
Robert Louis Stevenson and “ Ian Mac-
laren.” He did his class work conscien-
tiously, but he was bitten with no enthusi-
asm for classical studies or philosophy.
The only chair whose subject fascinated
him was one outside the ordinary curricu-
lum, the newly instituted chair of geology.
Here he gained the class medal and formed
a life-long friendship with the professor of
geology, Sir Archibald Geikie. Outside
the university class-rooms, the tall strip-
ling, with his finely-cut features and ath-
letic figure, was a persona grata in the
social life of his fellow-students. His
breezy sunniness, the kindliness of his fun

and humor, the sparkle of his quiet re-
marks, and his never-failing courtesy and
evenness of temper made him a favorite in
every company. He was less versed in
Thucydides and Kant than some of his
companions, but then he knew about in-
teresting books—Ruskin’s and George
Eliot's and Mark Twain’s. No student
could have been more human, more social,
more alive to the interestingness of the
world he lived in; but there was in Henry
Drummond, even in those early days, an
ethereal element which added piquancy to
his personality.

  In view of what has been so often and
so justly said of the magnetic impressive-
ness of his platform speaking, it is worth
while recalling that in his undergraduate
years he was a successful mesmerist. One
of his fellow-students he had so completely
under his power, that by touching a certain
spot on his head with his finger, he could
make him do or say anything he willed—
sometimes with grotesque results in the
students’ debating societies. On one occa-
sion, a mesmerized subject mistook what
Drummond wished him to do with the
poker, and only by the exercise of a ready
wit did the mesmerist avert a dangerous
blow. Occasionally he was induced to de-
light an evening party with a mesmerizing
seance, but from a conviction of the possi-
ble harm that might be done to the persons
mesmerized, he had renounced the exercise
of his peculiar gift long before the close of
his student days.

  Drummond entered the New College—
the Edinburgh Theological Hall of the New
Church of Scotland—in 1870, along with
Dr. James Stalker and the friend of his
boyhood in Stirling, Dr. John Watson.
During the first three years of his theolog-
ical course he still gave no sign of his
brilliant future. He was a winsome per-
sonality, beloved by all, and sought after
by the brightest students for his ever-
delightful companionship; but he was no
intellectual leader in those days. Like
“Ian Maclaren,” he had a keen interest
in the great English writers of the Victo-
rian era, but he never threw himself with
zest into theological study. His chief
academic ambition, even in his theological
course, was to obtain the degree of doctor
of science in the university.

A TERM OF STUDY IN GERMANY.

  During the summer of 1873 he spent a
semester at the University of Tubingen,
in the heart of the charming scenery of the
PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

761

Swabian Alps. It was my privilege to live
under the same roof with him for those
three months, and to cement a friendship
which for four-and-twenty years has been
one of the choicest blessings of my life. As
with Scotch students, so with German
bur sc hen, Drummond, wherever he was
known, was a uni-
versal favorite. He
threw himself with his
whole heart into the
social life of the bur-
se hen, and was eager-
ly sought after by the
German students for
kneipes, for evening
walks to the pictu-
resque wirthschaften
in the surrounding
villages, and for holi-
day excursions to
Lichtenstein, Hohen-
zollern, and the
Sclnvarzwald. There
were some dozen
Scotch students in
Tubingen that sum-
mer, and w e all
scored in the kind-
ness accorded to us
by the warm-hearted
Teutons from our as-
sociation with Herr
I) r u m in o 11 d. Not
that Drummond im-
pressed the German
theologs with his in-
tellectual power: he
had a greater reputa-
tion as a consummate chess-player than as
an expert in the New Testament criticism,
for which Strauss, Baur, and Zeller had
made Tubingen famous. It was his radi-
ant personality that attracted the Germans,
his perennial interestingness, the fascina-
tion of his manner, the charm of his char-
acter.

  One of the chief features of the social
life of the University of Tubingen, as of
Heidelberg and other German universities,
is the existence of different clubs, with
their distinctive caps and sashes, their
weekly reunions (kneipe) in a restaurant
(wirthschaft), and their natural rivalries
and jealousies. The chief gymnastic ex-
ercise of the German students is fechten
(fencing with a long thin rapier), and the
skill acquired in the gymnasium is turned
to account in the settlement of quarrels
between the clubs. Twenty-five years ago
not a week passed without a rapier duel

(forbidden, at least nominally, by the uni-
versity and police authorities) taking place
between representatives of clubs or between
individuals, in the woods behind a quiet vil-
lage wirthschaft. These duels, which were
attended with no serious danger to life, in-
terested Drummond for the insight they
gave into the life and
temperament of the
burschen. Oftener
than once his friends
in the clubs let him
into the secret of the
time and place of a
duel, and in after
years his keen obser-
vation of the extraor-
dinary skill of the
combatants (or ath-
letes, 1 should rather
say) in attack and
defense provided him

 PROFESSOR DRUMMOND IN 1875. AGE 24 YEARS.
 From a photograph by Fergus, Greenock, Scotland.

with striking illustra-
tions in addressing
young men on their
struggle with tempta-
tion.

   11	is interest in the
workings of human
nature sometimes
would show itself
in forms original as
droll. Three of us
were walking along
a quaint Tubingen
street to the univer-
sity lecture-room.
“ How easily,” said
one, “ a crowd can be
gathered.” 4 ‘ Yes,” said Drummond, “just
let us stop at this grating in the pavement
and bend down with an intent look.” In
a minute or two a crowd was round us ; we
passed out of it; as it still gazed at the
grating and still increased in size, Drum-
mond looked back with an amused smile
on his demonstration of the ease with
which a crowd can be gathered.

PROFESSOR DRUMMOND AND MR. MOODY.

  During the New College session 1873-
74, when Drummond was in his twenty-
third year, came the turning-point in his
career—the awakening of his intellectual
life and the quickening of his spiritual en-
thusiasms. In the years when Drummond
was at, the university and the New Col-
lege, there was a keen interest amongst the
better students in the questions raised for
debate between materialistic science and
762

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

spiritualistic philosophy and in the ques-
tions raised by the newer Biblical criticism.
Drummond took 110 special interest in these
discussions. Philosophy was simply a sub-
ject in the Arts curriculum which he had
to “ get u]) ” for his degree. The theolog-
ical atmosphere of the New College had
been electrically charged by the influence
of men like Professor Robertson Smith and
Professor W. G. Elmslie, who had cham-
pioned the newer views in the weekly meet-
ings of the Theological Society; but Drum-
mond stood aloof. He had little experience
of religious doubt and struggle for faith;
as far as outsiders could judge, he was
content with the traditional evangelicalism
of his church. Neither in the theological
nor in the philosophical sphere had his intel-
lectual awakening begun. Nor had he yet
thrown himself with enthusiasm into any
sphere of practical Christian activity. But
from the session of 1873-74 he was another
man—with the same fascinating personal-
ity, with his fascinating personality indeed
indefinitely accentuated, but with a keen-
ness of intellectual edge and with a con-
tagious warmth of spiritual enthusiasm that
excited the increasing wonder of his
friends. The occasion—I will not say the
cause, for Drummond himself would have
been slow to admit as much—of this ex-
traordinary renascence in his life was the
first visit of Mr. D. L. Moody to Scotland.

  Mr. Moody’s evangelistic meetings were
held in the Free Assembly Hall, which forms
part of the New College buildings. He
produced a deep and widespread impression
upon the spiritual life of Edinburgh. Drum-
mond was fascinated by the personality
of the American evangelist, and was fairly
caught in the sweep of the movement of
which Mr. Moody was the center. Along
with several of the foremost students in the
New College, he took part in addressing
evangelistic meetings. His power of im-
pressive speech, and his gift of dealing
with individuals in the inquiry-room, at-
tracted Mr. Moody’s notice, and nothing
would satisfy the evangelist but that Drum-
mond should consent to accompany him in
his evangelistic tour and be especially an
evangelist to young men. Drummond was
within a few months of completing his
theological course; but he was hot in this
new work. He gave up his classes, and
spent the next two years in evangelistic
work among young men in the chief cities
of Scotland, England, and Ireland., From
1874 onward, evangelism was the master
passion of his life.

  Even in those early years Drummond

had his own message to deliver and his
own way of delivering it. He had no quar-
rel with the traditional evangelicalism, but
there were many points in traditional evan-
gelicalism on which he simply laid no em-
phasis. He found the heart of Christianity
in a personal friendship with Christ, and it
was his ambition as an evangelist to intro-
duce men to Christ. Friendship with Christ
was the secret of a pure manhood and a
beneficent life—the true strength for over-
coming temptation and the true inspiration
for manliness and goodness. It was a sim-
ple message; but, delivered with the thou-
sand subtle influences radiating forth from
his strong and rich personality, it evoked
a wonderful response in the crowded meet-
ing and in the quiet talk in the streets or
in young men’s lodgings. There was little
dogmatic teaching in his message; it was
not to a theological creed but to Christ he
burned to get men introduced. He had
little of the ecclesiastical instinct; what in-
terested him was, not connection with an
ecclesiastical organization, but that which
constituted the heart of church fellowship
and activity—a personal link with Christ.
This was at the root of the extreme indi-
vidualism of his earlier years. He had not
learned, as he learned later, to appreciate
the spiritual worth of organized social life,
and he was quick to detect the weakness
of churches and ecclesiastical methods.
He was a man of one idea; the sphere of
his vision was monopolized with the incom-
parable worth of the friendship of the in-
dividual with Christ. After all, a noble
kind of individualism, and an individualism
which goes far to explain his non-ecclesias-
tical temper and catholicity of spirit, and
which goes far to explain also the success
of his early evangelism.

DRUMMOND’S RARE INFLUENCE OVER MEN.

  Mr. Drummond returned to Edinburgh
in the autumn of 1876 to complete his theo-
logical course at the New College. His
was already one of the best known names
in the evangelistic world, but he bore him-
self with a modesty which was the constant
admiration of his class fellows. Of the
impression he produced upon his fellow-
students in those months, it is difficult to
speak without seeming to indulge in the
language of exaggeration. To those of
us who were privileged to enjoy his com-
panionship in after-dinner walks in West
Princes Street Gardens, or on quiet Sun-
day evenings in his rooms, the personal in-
fluence of Henry Drummond was a priceless
PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

763

gift: lie was so self-forgetting, so sympa-
thetic, so brotherly, and there was about
him such an atmosphere of the upper levels
of life. “ There are some men and women
in whose company we are always at our
best. While with them we cannot think
mean thoughts or speak ungenerous words.
Their mere presence is elevation, purifica-
tion, sanctity. All the best stops in our
nature are drawn out by their intercourse,
and we find a music in our souls that was
never there before. ’ ’ Such was Drummond
himself in the closing months of his aca-
demic career.

  Drummond knew, however, how to un-
bend from his strenuous seriousness. Nor
could mere conventionalism deter him from
giving outlet to his love of fun and adven-
ture. After the close of their theological
course, the members of the class met to-
gether in a hotel for a farewell supper.
Alterations were going 011 in the hotel, and
we were restrained in our mirth by the prox-
imity of other guests in a part of the saloon

curtained off. At Drummond’s suggestion
we resolved to adjourn outside the city
altogether, to the solitudes of Arthur’s
Seat, where we should be untrammelled.
Singing snatches of students’ songs and
Sankey’s hymns by turn, we reached the
summit of Arthur’s Seat in the midnight
hours, where, with the stars looking down
on us and 011 the sleeping city which had
nurtured our friendships, we heartened
each other by song and speech for the un-
known future that was awaiting us beyond
the college walls.

  During the winter of 1876-77, Drummond
gathered round him several of his friends
in the New College, and organized a series
of Sunday evening meetings for students
and other young men in the Gaiety
Theater, opposite the Edinburgh Uni-
versity. Out of those meetings there grew
up “a certain brotherhood, faithful in
criticism, loyal in affection, tender in
trouble,” known to ourselves as the Gaiety
brotherhood. The ten members, drawn

Prof. Geo. Adam Smith- Dr. James Stalker.	Prof. Drummond Rev. D. M. Ross.

. F. Ewing.	Provost Swan	Rev. Frank Cordon R- W. Barbour.

            Rev. Alex. Skene.	Rev. James Brown.

                 A GROUP OF MEM BEKS OF THE GAIETY CLUB.

            From a photograph loaned by the Rev. D. M. Ross.
764

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

from different academic years, were linked
together by religious affinities and by the
memories of college friendships, under the
presidency of a dear old Scotchman, Pro-
vost Swan of Kirkcaldy, at whose country
house—Springfield—the first gatherings
of the brotherhood took place. For more
than twenty years the brotherhood has met
in some quiet retreat for a week each sea-
son— a week which has been a big element
in the intellectual and spiritual life of its
members. The names of some of the
brotherhood are known in America—Dr.
James Stalker, Dr. John Watson, and Dr.
George Adam Smith. In this little circle
of old college friends Henry Drummond
had a unique place. His mere presence
was a perpetual benediction. His courtesy
and thoughtfulness for others were unfail-
ing; his playful humor was like glints of
sunshine; and in the years when his name
had become a household word in English-
speaking countries, his forgetfulness of
self was a rebuke to every vain and selfishly
ambitious temper.

  Drummond was a good talker; but what
was more striking than his talk was his
capacity for listening. There was a genu-
ine modesty in him which made it easy
for him to assume the attitude of a learner,
even toward those whose knowledge gave
them less right to speak than himself. He
stooped to learn where another would have
exalted himself to teach. Often it would
happen that a theological discussion would
go on for an hour or two in which Drum-
mond took no part. He would lie back in
an easy-chair listening in perfect silence.
Then at the end he w?ould ask a quiet ques-
tion, or make an epigrammatic remark,
which was more luminous than all our talk.
Drummond was fond of a quiet tete-a-tete
carried on to the early morning hours.
With that modesty which never failed him,
he assumed that his friend had much to
teach him, and sat at his feet as a learner.
It was himself probably, with his questions,
suggestions, and caveats, who was kindling
the light, but he put it down to the other’s
credit. There was a kind of witchery in
his personality which drew the intellectual
as well as moral best out of a man.

  In the autumn of 1877 he began his work
as a lecturer on natural science in the
Free Church Theological Hall of Glasgow.
He was in the habit of winding up the
college session by inviting his class to a
week’s excursion in Arran for field work in
the subjects of class study—geology, bot-
any, and zoology. “ We wound up with
four days’ geologizing in Arran, and had a

glorious time. Eleven men mustered—the
cream of the class, and we hammered the
island almost to bits. Nothing left but
the hotel and a ledge of rock to smoke
on.” Such days of companionship with
this genial leader are a happy memory,
even for those who cared little for the paleo-
zoic, mesozoic and cainozoic periods.

  During all the years he was lecturer 011
science his heart was in evangelism. “ I
want a quiet mission somewhere, entry im-
mediate, and self-contained if possible.
Do you know' such a place ? ” He found
this quiet mission in Possil Park, where Dr.
Marcus Dod’s congregation were fostering
a new church in a suburb inhabited by
artisans. It was here that “ Natural Law in
the Spiritual World ” had its genesis, as he
tells in the preface : “ It has been my privi-
lege for some years to address regularly
two very different audiences on two very
different themes. On week days I have
lectured to a class of students on the nat-
ural sciences, and on Sundays to an audi-
ence for the most part of workingmen on
subjects of a moral and religious character.

     . The two fountains of knowledge
began to overflow, and finally their waters
met and mingled.”

  As to the impression produced by his
ministry upon the artisans of Possil Park,
a little incident which came to my knowl-
edge is a more eloquent testimony than any
labored description. A woman whose hus-
band was dying came to Mr. Drummond
late on a Saturday evening, and asked him
to come to the house. “ My husband is
deein’, sir; he’s no’ able to speak to you,
and he’s 110’ able to hear you; but I would
like him to hae a breath o’ you aboot him
afore he dees.”

 PROFESSOR DRUMMOND AS AN AUTHOR.

 Another stage in Mr. Drummond’s
career was marked by the publication in
1883 of “ Natural Law in the Spiritual
World.” For a year or two before its
publication the “message” of the book
lay upon him like the “ burden ” of.an Old
Testament prophet which he must some-
how get uttered. In his evangelistic teach-
ing there were two dominant thoughts—
the distinctiveness of the Christian life and
the reality of conversion. It broke upon
him that both of these thoughts were
vouched for by science. It was natural
that he should exclaim with the enthusiasm
of one who had made a great discovery,
Eureka! If truths which were uncongenial
not only to the world of scientific culture,
PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

765

but even to large numbers of professing
Christians, should turn out to be counte-
nanced by the laws of science itself, there
was here the possibility of an unexpected
reconciliation of science and religion, and
religion, too, in a somewhat exaggerated
Calvinistic form. Mr. Drummond appealed
to the gulf which separates the inorganic
kingdom from the organic, in proof of the
wideness of the gulf which separates the
merely ethical life of man from the dis-
tinctively spiritual or Christian, and he ap-
pealed to the doctrine of biogenesis (that
life can only come from life) in proof of
the position that the distinctively spiritual
life is a new creation let down suddenly
into the natural ethical life. This is not
the place to enter into a consideration of
the validity of the arguments of “ Natural
Law.” Mr. Drummond had himself
ceased to attach much weight to the nov-
elties in its teaching, by which many of its
readers were attracted. He learned to ap-
preciate better the deep affinities between
the ethical and the spiritual life, and he
also learned to appreciate better those ele-
ments of human personality, such as self-
consciousness and volition, which make it
impossible to interpret the moral and spiri-
tual life of man by the help of nothing more
than the categories of biological science.

  But apart from its apologetic features, on
which alone Mr. Drummond himself laid
much stress, the book had extraordinary
merits, both of style and of spiritual teach-
ing, and deserved the popularity it speedily
achieved. It was long, however, before
the news of the sensation its publication
created reached the author. Shortly after
seeing it through the press he had started,
at the request of a Glasgow merchant, on
an exploring expedition into tropical
Africa, the record of which is one of the
most brilliant of books of travel. He has
himself told us the strange circumstances
in which he first heard of the reception of
his volume. “ For five months I never
saw a letter nor a newspaper, and in my
new work—I had gone to make a geologi-
cal and botanical survey of this region—the
book and its fate were alike forgotten.

        I well remember when the first
thunderbolt from the English critics pene-
trated my fastnesses. One night, an hour
after midnight, my camp was suddenly
roused by the apparition of three black
messengers—despatched from the north
end of Lake Nyassa by a friendly white—
with the hollow skin of a tiger cat contain-
ing a small package of letters and papers.
Lighting the lamp in my tent, I read the

letters, and then turned over the news-
papers—the first I had seen for many
months. Among them was a copy of the
‘ Spectator ’ containing a review of ‘ Nat-
ural Law,’ a review with criticism enough
in it certainly to make one serious, but with
that marvelous generosity and indulgence
to an unknown author for which the ‘ Spec-
tator ’.stands supreme in journalism.”

  PROFESSOR DRUMMONI) AS A PREACHER.

  The popularity of Professor Drummond
on both sides of the Atlantic might well
have turned the head of an ordinary man,
but through it all he remained absolutely
unspoiled, the same modest, unobtrusive
friend as we knew him of old. His mas-
ter passion was still evangelism. For
years he wafe the unofficial preacher to the
Edinburgh University in an unconsecrated
building—the small, undignified Odd Fel-
lows’ Hall. He came from Glasgow for
almost every Sunday during several winter
sessions. There are scattered over the
world to-day literally thousands of young
men—ministers, doctors, teachers, law-
yers, merchants—who owe the chief spiri-
tual stimulus of their lives to these students’
meetings. We have had great university
preachers in our day and great university
sermons, but no university preacher has
done so much to quicken the spiritual life
of a university as this unofficial preacher
to the Edinburgh students, and no univer-
sity sermons have gone home to the heart
and inspired for service as his informal
talks in the Odd Fellows’ Hall.

  Professor Drummond had qualifications
for his work as Christ’s evangelist to stu-
dents. He believed in the glory and glad-
ness of life; it was a wide, rich, and sunny
life he lived himself. It was no gospel for
ascetics he preached, but a gospel for youth
with its genial energy and generous aspira-
tion. It was no gospel for spiritual re-
cluses, but for chivalrous youths eager to
do some knightly service in the stout bat-
tle of life. His gospel was for the living
present, and not merely for the dim and
distant future. Salvation was the theme of
his message, salvation, though, not as mere
safety for the future, but as the saving of
men’s lives here and now, the winning of
the true life of manhood—“ a more abund-
ant life, a life abundant in salvation for
themselves and large in enterprise for
the alleviation and redemption of the
world.”

  A striking feature in Professor Drum-
mond’s career has been his hospitable atti-
766

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

tude toward new truth. He was a one-
ideaed man in as far as he allowed the truth
that was dominant at the moment to take
possession of him, to the exclusion some-
times of complementary truths. But no
one could have been readier to expect and
prepare for new light. The series of book-
lets which he began to issue in 1889 reveals
a wonderful growth in breadth of spiritual
insight. In “ Natural Law” he had laid
an exaggerated emphasis upon the experi-
ence involved in sudden conversion; in his
later teaching, the “catastrophic” inter-
pretation of spiritual life falls into the
background. But perhaps the most im-
portant change in Professor Drummond’s
teaching is the new emphasis he lays upon
the social organism and social duty. In
“ Natural Law ” and in the evangelism of
that period the individual fills the sphere
of his vision—the claim of God on the in-
dividual, the friendship of the individual
with Christ, the growth of the individual
in Christlikeness. But the religious indi-
vidualism of the early period was enriched
in his later years through a deeper under-
standing of the worth of the social organi-
zation for fostering the spiritual life of the
individual and a heartier appreciation of
the closeness of the connection between
spiritual life and social service. If “ Nat-
ural Law” represents exaggerated indi-
vidualism, “The City without a Church”
almost leans toward an exaggerated social-
ism. Anyhow, Professor Drummond has
here broken away into a noble aod inspir-
ing conception of the social mission of
Christianity. Some of the passages in this
booklet are worthy of being put alongside
the impassioned appeals of the great
prophet of modern democracy—Joseph
Mazzini; as, for example, the passage in
which he pleads with Christians to ennoble
their life as citizens with the spirit of civic
patriotism: “ To move among the people
on the common street; to meet them in the
market-place on equal terms; to live among
them, not as saint or monk, but as brother
man with brother man; to serve God, not
with form or ritual, but in the free impulse
of a soul; to bear the burdens of society
and relieve its needs; to carry on the mul-
titudinous activities of the city—social,
commercial, political, philanthropic: this
is the religion of the Son of Man and the
only fitness for Heaven which has much
'reality in it.	Traveler to God’s

last city, be thankful that you are alive.
Be thankful for the city at your doors and
for the chance to build its walls a little
higher before you go. Pray for yet a lit-

tle while to redeem the wasted years. And
week by week, as you go forth from wor-
ship, and day by day, as you awake to face
this great and needy world, learn to ‘ seek
a city ’ here, and in the service of its needi-
est citizen to find Heaven.”

  This growing appreciation of the social
organism and of social duty throws light
upon the motif of Professor Drummond’s
last and, whether wre judge it by a literary
or intellectual standard, his greatest book
—“ The Ascent of Man.” His first book
had been an apology from the side of sci-
ence for two positions in his individualistic
theory of religion—the distinctiveness of
the Christian life and the reality of the
sudden appearance of the spiritual life, or
sudden conversion. His last book was an
apology—again from the side of science—
for the law of love, or “struggle for the
life of others,” as a law deeply embedded
in the whole life of the universe. His first
book was an apologetic for individualism,
his last, an apologetic for socialism.

  The delivery of the Lowell lectures on
“ The Ascent of Man ” in 1893 was the last
important event in Professor Drummond’s
public career. He put his strength into
these lectures—urged thereto not only by
his interest in the apologetic argument for
the law of struggle for the life of others,
but also by his regard for the audience be-
fore whom they were to be delivered. Pro-
fessor Drummond was no stranger in
America. In 1879 he had explored the
Rocky Mountains on a geological expedi-
tion with Sir Archibald Geikie. Several
years afterwards, he visited Northfield on
Mr. Moody’s invitation, and spent several
months in the States, addressing meetings
and delivering lectures. He had a genu-
ine liking for America and Americans; he
found himself in a congenial atmosphere in
the lecture hall at Boston.

  Before I refer to the last two years of
Professor Drummond’s life, it may interest
the reader if I turn aside for a little and
point out some features in his activity
which throw light on his personality.

PERSONAL LIFE AND CHARACTER.

  Though Drummond was one of the best
known citizens of Glasgow and was keenly
interested in the philanthropic and religious
life of the city, he loved to live in the
shade. Hostesses were eager to secure
him for dinners and receptions, but he had
a horror of being lionized. He had a power
of brilliant talk, a perfection of social man-
ner, and a wide knowledge of men and
PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

767

cities that, had he cared, would have made
him the man at the dinner table; but his
modesty forbade him to seek to shine. To
the distress of entertainers who knew his at-
tractiveness, he shunned “society” func-
tions and preferred a quiet talk, with four
feet 011 the fender. He was in demand as
a speaker or chairman at public meetings
to draw an audience, but unless he had
some special message he wished to deliver,
he declined such requests, and would go
off, instead, to some little meeting in an
obscure hall to encourage a down-hearted
worker. But if he avoided the public plat-
form, where he felt no special call to speak,
he loved to be in touch with the life of the
people. Often he would slink away of a
Saturday afternoon to some football field
in the East End, where he could find him-
self (to use one of his own picturesque
phrases) “ the only man with a collar in
the whole crowd.” He cared as little for
great ecclesiastical as for great social func-
tions, but his friends could count upon him
turning up at odd functions in the under-
ground life of the people—such as “ Pleas-
ant Sunday Afternoon Services” for canal
boatmen or evangelistic meetings for
thieves and ex-convicts.

  Drummond was at home amongst boys.
Watching a cricket or football match, he
forgot that he was a professor and became
a boy again. He had a rich repertoire of
conundrums, incidents of adventure, and
thrilling ghost stories. In the country a
cowslip or an elm-tree in blossom would
give him a text for explaining the wonder-
ful devices of nature for the fertilization of
(lowers. At the fireside or in the woods
he never failed to excite the enthusiasm of
boys. The poor boys of Glasgow stirred
his interest. He had at one time designed a
special basket for message boys, to lighten
the burden of little fellows struggling under
ill-adjusted loads. By his pen and by his
addresses he rendered invaluable service
to a modern institution—the Boys’ Brigade
—which has done much for the well-being
of thousands of the lads of our cities, and
it was fitting that the body of the Boys’
Friend should have been laid to rest in
Stirling cemetery to the sound of the
bugles of the Boys’ Brigade.

  The ordeal of criticism to which the man
and his teaching were subjected for years
gave Drummond an opportunity of reveal-
ing the strength and beauty of his charac-
ter. No bitter word did he ever write or
speak in reply to his most merciless or un-
generous critics. In his earlier years he
was the darling of the evangelistic world.

In later years the broadness of his teaching
alarmed many of his former admirers, and
some of the religious papers attacked him
with a fierceness which bordered on malig-
nity. I know how some of the attacks,
imputing unworthy motives and traducing
his character, made Drummond’s sensitive
nature wince; but not only did he not break
the silence, but he nourished no bitter
grudge in his heart. One instance of his
magnanimity to an opponent may be worth
recalling. A very able theologian had re-
viewed in the pages of an influential jour-
nal the booklet “ The City without a
Church,” not only in a trenchant, but in
a somewhat personally bitter fashion.
“ What ails So-and-so at me ? ” was Drum-
mond’s comment to a mutual friend; anil
when he was asked a few weeks afterward
by an American theological college to rec-
ommend a Scottish theologian for a course
of lectures, he named his castigator.

  Drummond was a hard worker, but he
knew the value of recreation as an intel-
lectual tonic. His favorite pastime was
salmon or trout fishing 011 a lonely High-
land loch. He appreciated the solitudes
of nature as keenly as the roar of the tide
of life in a great city. If there was finished
grace in his writing and speaking, there
-was a finished grace even in his casting of
a line. But even more striking than his
skilful angling was his happy way with his
boatman. With a courtesy and brotherli-
ness which were conspicuous in his bearing
toward servants, he would win the boat-
man’s confidence, and learn the story of his
life, long before the day’s sport was over;
he would tell him interesting facts about
birds and flowers and insects, and retail
stories for his information and amusement,
and in the evening the fortunate boatman
would gladden his own fireside with an ac-
count of a happy day’s experience. Drum-
mond preached the duty of making others
happy in the common intercourse of life,
and what he preached he himself practised.

  From the beginning of 1895, Professor
Drummond was the victim of pain and
weakness. His disease, which baffled med-
ical diagnosis, seized upon the muscles and
bones of the trunk of the body, and ren-
dered him, for the most part, a helpless in-
valid. His illness was but a fresh oppor-
tunity for the revelation of the beauty of
his character and the charm of his person-
ality. To the last he kept up his interest
in what was going on in the intellectual
and political world, and his interest in the
movements of his friends was as lively as
if he had been the strong one caring for
768

PROFESSOR HENRY DRUMMOND.

the weak. His sick-room was, as I have
said, a kind of temple, where one was made
aware of the sacred beauty of a spirit that
had triumphed over earth’s sufferings and
disappointments. “ Here I am,” he said
to me on my last visit to him, in December,
“here I am, getting kindness upon kindness
from my friends, and giving nothing in re-
turn.” Little did he suspect how much he
gave his friends in an hour’s talk from his
air couch. His kindly humor never failed
him. At Christmas, 1895, he sent his
friends as a Christmas card a photograph
of himself in a bath-chair, with these words
written in pencil underneath: “The De-
scent of Man.” In his pain and weariness
a good story was a physical fillip; his sick-
room became a sort of center for the re-
ceiving and distributing of stories. He
looked forward to the recovery of strength
and the resumption of work, but the end
came suddenly, and on March nth one of
the purest, brightest, and most lovable
spirits that have ever gladdened God’s
world passed to

                 Such great offices as suit
          The full-grown energies of Heaven.

  In estimating Professor Drummond’s in-
fluence as a spiritual teacher—it is as spiri-
tual teacher, not as scientist or speculative
thinker, that his chief work has been done
—I single out one or two of the more obvi-
ous characteristics of his teaching. For
one thing, there is “atmosphere” in his
work. Much is said, and too much cannot
be said, of the lucidity and beauty of his
style. His style is the reflection of a lucid
and beautiful spirit. His readers are made
to feel that they are in the company of a
man who breathes the pure air of that spiri-
tual world which is the home of fair visions
and noble thoughts. The restfulness of
his spiritual aspiration is specially attrac-
tive. One can hear the panting of St.
Augustine, and see the strained muscle of
John Henry Newman, but in Professor
Drummond one is reminded rather of the
spiritual calm of the Early Ministry by the
Sea of Galilee. Again, his work has the
“ note ” of originality. This quality is re-
flected in his style; there is scarcely a
hackneyed phrase in his pages. His read-
ers may wish that he would look at his sub-
ject in more aspects than he does, but then
they may be sure of this, that he has him-
self seen whatever aspect of the subject he
handles. He reports what of the spiritual
world he knows—not what other people
have reported, or what his critics would
like him to report. He is a seer, and his

teaching is all the more valuable because
he has resolutely refused to go beyond his
own vision of truth. The onesidedness of
his teaching—of which, not altogether
without ground, complaint is made—is but
the shadow cast by that originality which
is a hundred-fold more effective for spiri-
tual teaching than balanced views and
rounded systems. Another characteristic
of his teaching is its catholicity—its singu-
lar freedom from theological provincial-
ism. He uses the language, not of the
sects or schools, but of Christendom. He
is as readily understood in Sweden and
Germany as in Scotland and America. 11 e
had a wide experience of human life. He
had traveled in nearly every country on
the globe, and been in contact with all
grades of civilization and culture. He
had been a lecturer on science and a city
missionary; he had been an African ex-
plorer and an itinerant evangelist; he had
preached to the denizens of the slums and
to the flower of the aristocracy of Britain;
he had been the friend of workingmen and
the companion of statesmen. A “ citizen
of the world ” with so varied a knowledge
of life could not well be provincial, but the
catholicity of his teaching had its deepest
root in an understanding of the spirit of
Him in whom there is “ neither Greek nor
barbarian, bond nor free.”

  But more striking than all his teaching
was the personality of the teacher. The
character of Henry Drummond has been
a great gift of God to our generation. All
unconsciously he has himself given us the
truest sketch of his character we are ever
likely to have. His booklet “ The Great-
est Thing in the World”—an exposition
of St. Paul’s great hymn in praise of love
in the thirteenth chapter of First Corin-
thians—has been taken more warmly to
the heart of Christendom than any other
religious book of recent years. It is a
singularly beautiful filling in of St. Paul’s
outline of the Christian character. As
those of us who knew what manner of man
the writer had been amid the strain and
stress of the world’s work and temptation
read the pages of his booklet, we turned
instinctively to his own life as the best
commentary on his words. Some of us
can never read St. Paul’s immortal chaptcr
without recalling “ The Greatest Thing in
the World,” and can never read “The
Greatest Thing in the World” without
recalling how the love there described with
a felicity of language as remarkable as the
spiritual glow of the teaching, irradiated
his own personality and life.
THE TWO BARKS.

A TALE OF THE HIGH SEAS.

 By A. Conan Doyle,

Author of “ The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,” “ Rodney Stone,” etc.

CAREENING was a very necessary op-
eration for the old pirate. On his
superior speed he depended both for over-
hauling the trader and escaping the man-
of-war. But it was impossible to retain
his sailing qualities unless he periodically—
once a year at the least—cleared his bottom
from the long trailing plants and crusting
barnacles which gather so rapidly in the
tropical seas. For this purpose he light-
ened his vessel, thrust her into some nar-
row inlet where she would be left high and
dry at low water, fastened blocks and
tackles to her masts to pull her over on to
her bilge, and then scraped her thoroughly
from rudder-post to cut-water.

  During the weeks which were thus occu-
pied the ship was, of course, defenceless;
but, on the other hand, she was unap-
proachable by anything heavier than an
empty hull, and the place for careening
was chosen with an eye to secrecy, so that
there was no great danger. So secure did
the captains feel, that it was not uncom-
mon for them at such times to leave their
ships under a sufficient guard and to start
off in the long-boat either upon a sporting
expedition or, more frequently, upon a
visit to some outlying town, where they
turned the heads of the women by their
swaggering gallantry, or broached pipes of
wine in the market square, with a threat to
pistol all who would not drink with them.

  Sometimes they would even appear in
cities of the size of Charleston, and walk
the streets with their clattering sidearms,
an open scandal to the whole law-abiding
colony. Such visits were not always paid
with impunity. It was one of them, for
example, which provoked Lieutenant May-
nard to hack off Blackbeard’s head and
to spear it upon the end of his bowsprit.
But, as a rule, the pirate ruffled and bullied
and drabbed without let or hindrance, until
it was time for him to go back to his ship
once more.

  There was one pirate, however, who
never crossed even the skirts of civiliza-
tion, and that was the sinister Sharkey,
of the bark “ Happy Delivery.” It may
have been from his morose and solitary

temper, or, as it is more probable, that he
knew that his name upon the coast was
such that outraged humanity would,
against all odds, have thrown themselves
upon him, but never once did he show his
face in a settlement.

  When his ship was laid up he would leave
her under the charge of Ned Galloway,
her New England quartermaster, and
would take long voyages in his boat, some-
times, it was said, for the purpose of bury-
ing his share of the plunder, and some-
times to shoot the wild oxen of Hispaniola,
which, when dressed and barbecued, pro-
vided provisions for his next voyage. In
the latter case the bark would come round
to some prearranged spot to pick him up
and take on board what he had shot.

  There had always been a hope in the
islands that Sharkey might be taken on
one of these occasions, and at last there
came news to Kingston which seemed to
justify an attempt upon him. It was
brought by an elderly logwood-cutter who
had fallen into the pirate's hands and in
some freak of drunken benevolence had
been allowed to get away with nothing
worse than a slit nose and a drubbing.
His account was recent and definite. The
“ Happy Delivery” was careening at Tor-
bec on the southwest of Hispaniola.
Sharkey, with four men, was buccaneering
on the outlying island of La Vache. The
blood of a hundred murdered crews was
calling out for vengeance, and now at last
it seemed as if it might not call in vain.

  Sir Edward Compton, the high-nosed,
red-faced governor, sitting in solemn con-
clave with the commandant and the head
of the council, was sorely puzzled in his
mind as to how he should use this chance.
There was no man-of-war nearer than
Jamestown, and she was a clumsy old fly-
boat, which could neither overhaul the
pirate on the seas, nor reach her in a shal-
low inlet. There were forts and artillery-
men both at Kingston and Port Royal, but
no soldiers available for an expedition.

  A private venture might be fitted out,
and there were many who had a blood-
feud with Sharkey—but what could a pri-

                                769
770

THE TIVO BARKS.

vale venture do ? The pirates were numer-
ous and desperate. As to taking Sharkey
and his four companions, that, of course,
would be easy if they could get at them,
but how were they to get at them on a
large, well-wooded island like La Vache,
full of wild hills and impenetrable jungles ?
A reward was offered to whoever could
find a solution, and that brought a man to
the front who had a singular plan and was
himself prepared to carry it out.

  Stephen Craddock had been that most
formidable person, the Puritan gone wrong.
Sprung from a decent Salem family, his ill-
doing seemed to be a recoil from the aus-
terity of their religion, and he brought to
vice all the physical strength and energy
with which the virtues of his ancestors had
endowed him. He was ingenious, fear-
less, and exceedingly tenacious of purpose,
so that when he was still young his name
became notorious upon the American
coast.

  He was the same Craddock who was tried
for his life in Virginia for the slaying of
the Seminole chief, and though he escaped,
it was well known that he had corrupted
the witnesses and bribed the judge.

  Afterwards, as a slaver, and even, as it
was hinted, as a pirate, he had left an evil
name behind him in the Bight of Benin.
Finally he had returned to Jamaica with a
considerable fortune, and had settled
down to a life of sombre dissipation. This
was the man, gaunt, austere, and danger-
ous, who now waited upon the governor
with a plan for the extirpation of Sharkey.

  Sir Edward received him with little en-
thusiasm, for in spite of some rumors of
conversion and reformation, he had always
regarded him as an infected sheep who
might taint the whole of his little flock.
Craddock saw the governor’s mistrust
under his thin veil of formal and restrained
courtesy.

  “ You’ve no call to fear me, sir,” said
he; “ I’m a changed man from what you’ve
known. I’ve seen the light again of late,
after losing sight of it for many a black
year. It was through the ministration of
the Rev. John Simons, of our own people.
Sir, if your own spirit should be in need of
quickening, you would find a very sweet
savor in his discourse.”

  The governor cocked his Episcopalian
nose at him.

  “You came here to speak of Sharkey,
Master Craddock,” said he.

 “ The man Sharkey is a vessel of
wrath,” said Craddock. “ His wicked
horn has been exalted over long, and it is

borne in upon me that if I can cut him off
and utterly destroy him, it will be a goodly
deed, and one which may atone for many
backslidings in the past. A plan has been
given to me whereby I may encompass his
destruction.”

  The governor was keenly interested, for
there was a grim and practical air about
the man’s freckled face which showed that
he was in earnest. After all, he was a sea-
man and a fighter, and, if it were true that
he was eager to atone for his past, no bet-
ter man could be chosen for the business.

  “ This will be a dangerous task, Master
Craddock,” said he.

  “ If I meet my death at it, it may be that
it will cleanse the memory of an ill-spent
life. I have much to atone for.”

  The governor did not see his way to
contradict him.

  “ What was your plan ? ” he asked.
“You have heard that Sharkey’s bark,
the ‘ Happy Delivery,’ came from this
very port of Kingston ?”

  “ It belonged to Mr. Codrington, and it
was taken by Sharkey, who scuttled his
own sloop and moved into her because she
was faster,” said Sir Edward.

  “ Yes; but it may be that you have
never heard that Mr. Codrington has a sis-
ter ship, the ‘ White Rose,’ which lies even
now in the harbor, and which is so like
the pirate that, if it were not for a white
paint line, none could tell them apart.”
“Ah! and what of that?” asked the
governor keenly, with the air of one who
is just on the edge of an idea.

  “ By the help of it this man shall be de-
livered into our hands.”

  “ ‘And how ? ”

  “ I will paint out the streak upon the
‘ White Rose,’ and make it in all things
like the ‘Happy Delivery.’ Then I will
set sail for the island of La Vache, where
this man is slaying the wild oxen. When
he sees me he will surely mistake me for
his own vessel, which he is awaiting, and
he will come on board to his own undoing.”
It was a simple plan, and yet it seemed
to the governor that it might be effective.
Without hesitation he gave Craddock per-
mission to carry it out, and to take any
steps he liked in order to further the ob-
ject which he had in view. Sir Edward
was not very sanguine, for many attempts
had been made upon Sharkey, and their
results had shown that he was as cunning
as he was ruthless. But this gaunt Puri-
tan with the evil record was cunning and
ruthless also.

  The contest of wits between two such
A. CONAN DOYLE.

771

men as Sharkey and Craddock appealed to
the governor’s acute sense of sport, and
though he was inwardly convinced that the
chances were against him, he backed his
man with the same loyalty which he would
have shown to his horse or his cock.

  Haste was, above all things, necessary,
for upon any day the careening might be
finished, and the pirates out at sea once
more. But there was not very much to
do, and there were many willing hands to
do it, so the second day saw the “ White
Rose” beating out for the open sea.
There were many seamen in the port who
knew the lines and rig of the pirate bark,
and not one of them could see the slight-
est difference in this counterfeit. Her
white side line had been painted out, her
masts and yards were smoked to give them
the dingy appearance of the weather-
beaten rover, and a large diamond-shaped
patch was let into her foretopsail.

  Her crew were volunteers, many of
them being men who had sailed with
Stephen Craddock before; the mate,
Joshua Hird, an old slaver, had been his
accomplice in many voyages, and came
now at the bidding of his chief.

  The avenging bark sped across the Carib-
bean Sea, and, at the sight of that patched
topsail, the little craft which they met flew
left and right like frightened trout in a pool.
On the fourth evening Point Abacou bore
five miles to the north and east of them.

  On the fifth they were at anchor in the
Bay of Tortoises at the island of l.a Vache,
where Sharkey and his four men had been
hunting. It was a well-wooded place,
with the palms and underwood growing
down to the thin crescent of silver sand
which skirted the shore. They had hoisted
the black flag and the red pennant, but no
answer came from the shore. Craddock
strained his eyes, hoping every instant to
see a boat shoot out to them with Sharkey
seated in the sheets. But the night passed
away, and a day, and yet another night,
without any sign of the men whom they
were endeavoring to trap. It looked as if
they were already gone.

  On the second morning Craddock went
ashore in search of some proof whether
Sharkey and his men were still upon the
island. What he found reassured him
greatly, ('lose to the shore was a boucan
of green wood, such as was used for pre-
serving the meat, and a great store of bar-
becued strips of ox-flesh was hung upon
lines all around it. The pirate ship had
not taken off her provisions, and therefore
the hunters were still upon the island.

  Why had they not shown themselves ?
Was it that they had detected that this
was not their own ship ? Or was it that
they were hunting in the interior of the
island, and were not on the lookout for a
ship yet ? Craddock was still hesitating
between the two alternatives, when a Carib
Indian came down with information.
The pirates were in the island, he said,
and their camp was a day’s march from
the sea. They had stolen his wife, and
the marks of their stripes were still pink
upon his brown back. Their enemies were
his friends, and he would lead them to
where they lay.

  Craddock could not have asked for any-
thing better; so early next morning with
a small party armed to the teeth, he set
off under the guidance of the Carib. All
day they struggled through brushwood and
clambered over rocks, pushing their way
farther and farther into the desolate heart
of the island. Here and there they found
traces of the hunters, the bones of a slain
ox, or the marks of feet in a morass, and
once, towards evening, it seemed to some
of them that they heard the distant rattle
of guns.

  That night they spent under the trees,
and pushed on again with the earliest
light. About noon they came to the huts
of bark which, the Carib told them, were the
camp of the hunters, but they were silent
and deserted. No doubt their occupants
were away at the hunt and would return in
the evening, so Craddock and his men lay
in ambush in the brushwood around them.
But no one came, and another night was
spent in the forest. Nothing more could
be done, and it seemed to Craddock that
after the two days’ absence it was time
that he returned to his ship once more.

  The return journey was less difficult, as
they had already blazed a path for them-
selves. Before evening they found them-
selves once more at the Bay of Tortoises,
and saw their ship riding at anchor where
they had left her. Their boat and oars had
been hauled up among the bushes, so they
launched it and pulled out to the bark.

  ‘‘No luck, then!” cried Joshua Hird,
the mate, looking down with a pale face
from the poop.

  ‘‘His camp was empty, but he may come
down to us yet,” said Craddock, with his
hand on the ladder.

  Somebody upon deck began to laugh.
‘‘I think,” said the mate, “that these
men had better stay in the boat.”

  “ Why so ? ”

  “If you will come aboard, sir, you will
772

THE TWO BARKS.

understand it.” He spoke in a curious,
hesitating fashion.

  The blood flushed to Craddock’s gaunt
face.

  “ How is this, Master Hird ? ” he cried,
springing up the side. “What mean you
by giving orders to my boat’s crew ? ”

  But as he passed over the bulwarks,
with one foot upon the deck, and one knee
upon the rail, a tow-bearded man, whom
he had never before observed aboard his
vessel, grabbed suddenly at his pistol.
Craddock clutched at the fellow’s wrist,
but at the same instant his mate snatched
the cutlass from his side.

  “ What roguery is this ? ” shouted Crad-
dock, looking furiously around him. But
the crew stood in little knots about the
deck, laughing and whispering amongst
themselves without showing any desire to
go to his assistance. Even in that hurried
glance Craddock noticed that they were
dressed in the most singular manner, with
long riding coats, full-skirted velvet gowns,
and colored ribbands at their knees, more
like men of fashion than seamen.

  As he looked at their grotesque figures
he struck his brow with his clenched fist
to be sure that he was awake. The deck
seemed to be much dirtier than when he
had left it, and there were strange, sun-
blackened faces turned upon him from
every side. Not one of them did he know,
save only Joshua Hird. Had the ship been
captured in his absence? Were these
Sharkey’s men who were around him ? At
the thought he broke furiously away and
tried to climb over to his boat, but a
dozen hands were on him in an instant,
and he was pushed aft through the open
door of his own cabin.

  And it was all different to the cabin
which he had left. The floor was differ-
ent, the ceiling was different, the furniture
was different. His had been plain and
austere. This was sumptuous and yet
dirty, hung with rare velvet curtains
splashed with wine stains, and panelled
with costly woods which were pocked with
pistol marks.

  On the table was a great chart of the
Caribbean Sea, and beside it, with com-
passes in his hand, sat a clean-shaven,
pale-faced man with a fur cap and a
claret-colored coat of damask. Craddock
turned white under his freckles as he looked
upon the long, thin, high-nostriled nose
and the red-rimmed eyes which were turned
upon him with the fixed humorous gaze of
the master player who has left his opponent
without a move.

  “ Sharkey! ” cried Craddock.

  Sharkey’s thin lips opened and he broke
into his high, sniggering laugh.

  “You fool!” he cried, and, leaning
over, he stabbed Craddock’s shoulder
again and again with his compasses.
“ You poor, dull-witted fool, would you
match yourself against me ? ”

  It was not the pain of the wounds, but
it was the contempt in Sharkey’s voice
which turned Craddock into a savage
madman. He flew at the pirate, roaring
with rage, striking, kicking, writhing, and
foaming. It took six men to drag him
down on to the floor amidst the splintered
remains of the table—and not one of the
six who did not bear the prisoner’s mark
upon him. But Sharkey still surveyed him
with the same contemptuous eye. From
outside there came the crash of breaking
wood and the clamor of startled voices.

  “ What is that ? ” asked Sharkey.

  “ They have stove the boat with cold
shot, and the men are in the water.”

  “ Let them stay there,” said the pirate.
“ Now, Craddock, you know where you
are. You are aboard my ship, the ‘ Happy
Delivery,’ and you lie at my mercy. I
knew you for a stout seaman, you rogue,
before you took to this long-shore canting.
Your hands then were no cleaner than my
own. Will you sign articles, as your mate
has done, and join us, or shall I heave you
over to follow your ship’s company ? ”

  “ Where is my ship ?” asked Craddock.
  “ Scuttled in the bay.”

  “ And the hands ? ”

  “ In the bay, too.”

  “ Then I’m for the bay also.”

  “ Hock him and heave him over,” said
Sharkey.

  Many rough hands had dragged Crad-
dock out upon deck, and Galloway, the
quartermaster, had already drawn his
hanger to cripple him, when Sharkey came
hurrying from his cabin with an eager face.

  “ We can do better with the hound,” he
cried. “ Sink me if it is not a rare plan.
Throw him into the sailroom with the
irons on, and do you come here, quarter-
master, that I may tell you what I have in
my mind.”

  So Craddock, bruised and wounded in
soul and body, was thrown into the dark
sailroom, so fettered that he could not
stir hand or foot. But his Northern blood
was running strong in his veins, and his
grim spirit aspired only to make such an
ending as might go some way towards
atoning for the evil of his life. All night
he lay in the curve of the bilge, listening
A. CON AN DOYLE.

773

to the rush of the water and the straining
of the timbers, which told him that the
ship was at sea and driving fast. In the
early morning some one came crawling to
him in the darkness over the heaps of sails.

  “ Here’s rum and biscuits,” said the
voice of his late mate. “ It’s at the risk
of my life, Master Craddock, that I bring
them to you.”

  “ It was you who trapped me and caught
me as in a snare,” cried Craddock. “ How
shall you answer for what you have
done ? ”

  “ What I did I did with the point of a
knife betwixt my blade bones.”

  “ God forgive you for a coward, Joshua
Hird! How came you into their hands?”
“ Why, Master Craddock, the pirate ship
came back from its careening upon tiie
very day that you left us. They laid us
aboard, and, -short-handed as we were,
with the best of the men ashore with you,
we could offer but a poor defence. Some
were cut down, and they were the happi-
est. The others were killed afterwards.
As to me, I saved my life by signing on
with them.”

  “ And they scuttled my ship ? ”

  “ They scuttled her, and then Sharkey
and his men, who had been watching us
from the brushwood, came off to the ship.
His main yard had been cracked and fished
last voyage, so he had suspicions of us,
seeing that ours was whole. Then he
thought of laying the same trap for you
which you had set for him.”

  Craddock groaned.

  “ How came I not to see that fished
mainyard ?” he muttered. “ But whither
are we bound ? ”

  “ We are running north and west.”

  “ North and west! Then we are head-
ing back towards Jamaica.”

  “With an eight-knot wind.”

  “ Have you heard what they mean to do
with me ? ”

  “ I have not heard. If you would but
sign the articles—”

  “ Enough, Joshua Hird! I have risked
my soul too often.”

  “ As you wish. I have done what I
could. Farewell! ”

  All that night and the next day the
“ Happy Delivery ” ran before the easterly
trades, and Stephen Craddock lay in the
dark of the sailrooiji, working patiently at
his wrist irons. One he had slipped off at
the cost of a row of broken and bleeding
knuckles, but, do what he would, he could
not free the other, and his ankles were
securely fastened.

  From hour to hour he heard the swish
of the water, and knew that the bark
must be driving with all set in front of the
trade wind. In that case they must be
nearly back again to Jamaica by now.
What plan could Sharkey have in his head,
and what use did he hope to make of him ?
Craddock set his teeth, and vowed that if
he had once been a villain from choice he
would, at least, never be one by com-
pulsion.

  On the second morning Craddock be-
came aware that sail had been reduced in
the vessel, and that she was tacking slowly,
with a light breeze on her beam. The
varying slope of the sailroom and the
sounds from the deck told his practised
senses exactly what she was doing. The
short reaches showed him that she was
manoeuvring near shore and making for
some definite point. If so, she must have
reached Jamaica. But what could she be
doing there ?

  And then suddenly there was a burst of
hearty cheering from the deck, and then
the crash of a gun above his head, and
then the answering booming of guns from
far over the water. Craddock sat up and
strained his ears. Was the ship in action ?
Only the one gun had been fired, and
though many had answered there were
none of the crashings which told of a
shot coming home.

  Then, if it was not an action, it must
be a salute. But who would salute Shar-
key, the pirate ? It could only be another
pirate ship which would do so. So Crad-
dock lay back again with a groan, and
continued to work at the manacle which
still held his right wrist.

  But suddenly there came the shuffling of
steps outside, and he had hardly time to
wrap the loose links round his free hand,
when the door was unbolted and two
pirates came in. “ Got your hammer, car-
penter?” asked one, whom Craddock
recognized as the big quartermaster.
“ Knock off his leg shackles, then. Bet-
ter leave the bracelets—he’s safer with
them on.” With hammer and chisel the
carpenter loosened the irons.

  “ What are you going to do with me ? ”
asked Craddock.

  “ Come on deck, and you’ll see.” The
sailor seized him by the arm, and dragged
him roughly to the foot of the companion.
Above him was a square of blue sky cut
across by the mizzen gaff, with the colors
flying at the peak. But it was the sight
of those colors which struck the breath
from Stephen Craddock’s lips. For there
774

THE TWO BARKS.

were two of them, and the British ensign
was flying above the Jolly Rodger—the
honest flag above that of the rogue.

  For an instant Craddock stopped in
amazement, but a brutal push from the
pirates behind drove him up the compan-
ion ladder. As he stepped out upon d£ck,
his eyes turned up to the main, and there
again were the British colors flying above
the red pennant, and all the shrouds and
rigging were garlanded with streamers.

  Had the ship been taken, then ? But
that was impossible, for there were the
pirates clustering in swarms along the port
bulwarks, and waving their hats joyously
in the air. Most prominent of all was the
renegade mate, standing on the foc’sle
head, and gesticulating wildly. Crad-
dock looked over the side to see what
they were cheering at, and then in a flash
he saw how critical was the moment.

  On the port bow, and about a mile off,
lay the whue houses and forts of Port
Royal, with flags breaking out everywhere
over their roofs. Right ahead was the
opening of the palisades leading to the
town of Kingston. Not more than a
quarter of a mile off was a small sloop
working out against the very slight wind.
The British ensign was at her peak, and
her rigging was all decorated. On her
deck could be seen a dense crowd of
people cheering and waving their hats,
and the gleam of scarlet told that there
were officers of the garrison among them.

  In an instant, with the quick perception
of a man of action, Craddock saw through
it all. Sharkey, with that diabolical cun-
ning and audacity which were among his
main characteristics, was simulating the
part which Craddock would himself have
played, had he come back victorious. It
was in his honor that the salutes were
firing and the flags flying. It was to wel-
come him that this ship with the governor,
the commandant, and the chiefs of the
island were approaching. In another ten
minutes they would all be under the guns
of the “ Happy Delivery,” and Sharkey
would have won the greatest stake that
ever a pirate played for yet.

  “ Bring him forward,” cried the pirate
captain, as Craddock appeared between
the carpenter and the quartermaster.
‘‘ Keep the ports closed, but clear away
the port guns, arid stand by for a broad-
side. Another two cable lengths and we
have them.”

  “ They are edging away,” said the boat-
swain. ‘‘ I think they smell us.”

  “ That’s soon set right,” said Sharkey,
turning his filmy eyes upon Craddock.
“ Stand there, you—right there, where
they can recognize you, with your hand
on the guy, and wave your hat to them.
Quick, or your brains will be over your
coat. Put an inch of your knife into him,
Ned. Now, will you wave your hat ? Try
him again, then. Heh, shoot him! stop
him! ”

  But it was too late. Relying upon the
manacles, the quartermaster had taken his
hands for a moment off Craddock’s arm.
In that instant he had flung off the carpen-
ter and, amid a spatter of pistol bullets,
had sprung the bulwarks and was swim-
ming for his life. He had been hit and
hit again, but it takes many pistols to kill
a resolute and powerful man who has his
mind set upon doing something before he
dies. He was a strong swimmer, and, in
spite of the red trail which he left in the
water behind him, he was rapidly increas-
ing his distance from the pirate.

  ‘‘Give me a musket!” cried Sharkey,
with a savage oath.

  He was a famous shot, and his iron
nerves never failed him in an emergency.
The dark head appearing on the crest of a
roller, and then swooping down on the
other side, was already half way to the
sloop. Sharkey dwelled long upon his
aim before he fired. With the crack of
the gun the swimmer reared himself up in
the water, waved his hands in a gesture of
warning, and roared out in a voice which
rang over the bay. Then, as the sloop
swung round her headsails, and the pirate
fired an impotent broadside, Stephen Crad-
dock, smiling grimly in his death agony,
sank slowly down to that golden couch
which glimmered far beneath him.
'fAt -J*

                  Orfl&cir ‘T>iouf*,<l A»» /A*jr f’afcd-f StXj
                      find oj (Ati*J*f*-

                       Ca.pt CoAJL* V\.*V

        fjAtJt 4rov.tfi Aeinjy J&irnnt ou.tr, and -non> att /ei-ruy co*"?ac7y> IvyetfAtr tn o-nt/Aiyt.,
        /Aey p«£fe Sea apxi-rxf. 9aiMa ?re/perhj wiitJe }	Jiuerc* days *:

jjta.iA.tirf rtiAich	/Aem} ye/ accrrch'ny /v/Tf/naG

■mxner ->*any -rotrt	->*i/A Sla.-Jtints • Jt?\dmay »*«/ oAtccr <*fpe=

      ■Hag >vorJLy 0/ zo&S p rmi <tw* > /Atnva.S aproud ^^rry fra/xne yonpe
      ofjp S£<*”	aJfo wAtcA -mettle Aim /At tnett Atxu./y^ At -mouf c£

a^-rvay	y	feoffc -**• /Atir Stc%neS,(t	/At-m dayty trt'M.

FACSIMILE OF A PASSAGE IN THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT OF GOVERNOR BRADFORD’S “HISTORY.”

THE LOG OF THE “MAYFLOWER.”

GOVERNOR BRADFORD’S LOST “HISTORY OF PLYMOUTH PLAN-
TATION.’’

    The State of Massachusetts has lately recovered as a friendly gift from England
the original manuscript of the “ History of Plymouth Plantation,” written by William
Bradford, one of the founders and second governor of the colony. During the Revo-
lution the manuscript disappeared from the New England Library in the Old South
Church, Boston, where it had been deposited, and it was regarded as forever lost.
But in 1855 Samuel G. Drake discovered it in the Bishop of London’s Library at
Fulham, England. How it came there no one knows. The discovery was an event
of great historical importance; for while several early historians had had access to
the manuscript and had made liberal use of it, the larger part of it had not been pub-
lished at the time it disappeared, and it is, for the period it covers, the first and
almost the only authority. The return of the original manuscript, written in Gov-
ernor Bradford’s own hand, to its natural and proper home, the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, is, therefore, an incident of 110 ordinary interest. There have been
two publications of the complete work since its recovery: one in 1856, by the Massa-
chusetts Historical Society; and, recently, a beautiful reproduction in facsimile of
the original manuscript, by Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston. Neither of these,
however, renders it accessible to the general reader. Herewith are given the chapters
in which Governor Bradford relates the passage of the “Mayflower” and the first
landing and settlement of the Pilgrims on the shores of Cape Cod Bay.—Editor.

THE 9 CHAP.

OF THEIR VOYAGE AND HOW THEY PASSED
   THE SEA; AND OF THEIR SAFE ARRI-
   VAL AT CAPE COD.

SEPT. 6th [1620 O. S.j.—These trou-
bles being blown over, and now be-
ing all compacted together in one ship,
they put to sea again with a prosperous
wind, which continued divers days to-
gether, which was some encouragement
unto them; yet according to the usual

manner many were afflicted with sea-sick-
ness. And I may not omit here a special
mark of God’s providence : there was a
proud, a very profane young man, one of
the seamen, of a lusty able body, which
made him the more haughty. He would
alway be condemning the poor people in
their sickness, and cursing them daily with
grievous execrations; and did not let to
tell them, that he hoped to help cast half
of them overboard before they came to
their journey’s end, and to make merry
with what they had; and if he were by any

                                       775
776

THE LOG OF THE “MAYFLOWER

gently reproved, he would curse and swear
most bitterly. But it pleased God before
they came half seas over, to smite this
young man with a grievous disease, of
which he died in a desperate manner; and
so was himself the first who was thrown
overboard. Thus his curses light on.his
own head; and it was an astonishment to
all his fellows, for they noted it to be the
just hand of God upon him.

  After they had enjoyed fair winds and
weather for a season, they were encoun-
tered many times with cross-winds, and
met with many fierce storms, with which
the ship was shroudly [sharply] shaken,
and her lower works made very leaky, and
one of the main teams in the mid-ships
was lowered and cracked, which put them
in some fear, that the ship could not be
able to perform the voyage.

  But to omit other things (that I may be
brief), after long beating at sea, they fell
with that land which is called ('ape Cod;
the which being made, and certainly known
to be it, they were not a little joyful. After
some deliberation had amongst themselves,
and with the master of the ship, they tacked
about, and resolved to stand for the south-
ward (the wind and weather being fair), to
find some place about Hudson’s River for
their habitation. But after they had sailed
that course about half the day, they fell
amongst dangerous shoals and roaring
breakers, and they were so far entangled
therewith as they conceived themselves in
great danger, and the wind shrinking upon
them withal, they resolved to bear np
again for the Cape; and thought them-
selves happy to get out of these dangers,
before night overtook them, as by God’s
good providence they did. And the next
day they got into the Cape harbor, where
they rid in safety.

  But here I cannot but stay and make a
pause, and stand half amazed at this poor
people’s present condition; and so I think
will the reader, too, when he well considers
the same. Being thus passed the vast
ocean, and a sea of troubles before in
their preparation (as may be remembered
by that which went before), they had now
no friends to welcome them, nor inns to
entertain or refresh their weather-beaten
bodies, no houses, or much less towns to
repair to, to seek for succor. . . . And
for the season, it was winter; and they that
know the winters of the country know them
to be sharp and violent and subject to cruel
and fierce storms, daanerous to travel to
known places, much more to search an un-
known coast.

  If it be said they had a ship to succor
them, it is true; but what heard they daily
from the master and company but that with
speed they should look out a place (with
their shallop) where they would be, at some
near distance; for the season was such as
he would not stir from thence till a safe
harbor was discovered by them, where they
would be, and he might go without danger;
and that victuals consumed apace, but he
must and would keep sufficient for them-
selves on their return. Yea, it was mut-
tered by some that if they got not a place
in time, they would turn them and their
goods ashore and leave them. Let it be
also considered what weak hopes of supply
and succor they left behind them that might
bear up their minds in this sad condition
and trials they were under; and they
could not but be very small.

  What could now sustain them but the
spirit of God and his grace? May not
and ought not the 'children of these
fathers rightly say, our fathers were Eng-
lishmen which came over this great ocean, and
were ready to perish in this wilderness ; but
they cried unto the Lord, and He heard their
voices and looked on their adversity. .

THE 10 CHAP.

SHOWING HOW THEY SOUGHT OUT A PLACE
    OF HABITATION ; AND WHAT BEFEL
    THEM THEREABOUTS.

  Bring thus arrived at Cape Cod the nth
of November, and necessity calling them
to look out a place for habitation (as well
as the master’s and mariners’ importunity),
they having brought a large shallop with
them out of England, stowed in quarters
in the ship, they now got her out and set
their carpenters to work to trim her up.
But being much bruised and shattered in
the ship in the foul weather, they saw she
would be long in mending. Whereupon
a few of them tendered themselves, to go
by land and discover those nearest places,
whilst the shallop was in mending; and the
rather because as they went into the har-
bor there seemed to be an opening some
two or three leagues off, which the master
judged to be a river. It was conceived
there might be some danger in the attempt;
yet seeing them resolute they were per-
mitted to go, being sixteen of them well
armed, under the conduct of Captain
Standish, having such instructions given
them as was thought meet. They set
forth the 15th of November, and when
they had marched about the space of a
THE LOG OF TLIE “MAYFLOWER.”

777

mile by the seaside they espied five or six
persons, with a dog, coming towards them
who were savages. [Here follows a pas-
sage reciting how the Indians fled,
leaving behind them some corn, which,
with more secured by the colonists in a
second excursion, became the seed of
a crop that saved them the next year
from starvation; and how, “the shallop
being got ready” at last, other explora-
tions were undertaken—one on December
6, 1620, O. S., in which the explorers had
a harmless first brush with the Indians,
and named the place where it occurred the
“ First Encounter.’’]

  From hence they de-
parted, and coasted all
along, but discerned no
place likely for harbor ;
and therefore hasted to
a place that their pilot
(one named Coppin, who
had lived in the country
before) did assure them
was a good harbor which
he had been in, and
they might fetch it be-
fore night, of which they
were glad, for it began
to be cold weather.

  After some hours sail-
ing, it began to snow
and rain, and about the
middle of the afternoon
the wind increased and
the sea became very
rough, and they broke
their rudder, and it was as much as two
men could do to steer her with a couple of
oars. But their pilot bade them be of
good cheer, for he saw the harbor. But
the storm increasing and night drawing
on, they bore what sail they could, to get
in while they could see; but herewith
they broke their mast in three pieces, and
their sail fell overboard, in a very grown
sea, so as they had like to have been cast
away. Yet by God’s mercy they recovered
themselves, and having the flood with
them struck into the harbor. But when
it came to, the pilot was deceived in the
place, and said the Lord be merciful unto
them, for his eyes never saw the place be-
fore. And he and the mate would have
run her ashore, in a cove full of breakers,
before the wind, but a lusty seaman which
steered bade those which rowed, if they
were men, about with her, or else they
were all cast away; the which they did
with speed. So he bid them be of good
cheer and row lustily, for there was a fair

sound before them, and he doubted not
but they should find one place or other
where they might ride in safety. And
though it was very dark and rained sore,
yet in the end they got under the lee of a
small island and remained there all that
night in safety. But they knew not this
to be an island till morning, but now
doubted in their minds. Some would keep
the boat, for fear they might be amongst
the Indians. Others were so wet and cold
they could not endure, but got ashore,
and with much ado got fire (all things
being so wet) ; and the rest were glad to
come to them, for after
midnight the wind shift-
ed to the north-north-
west, and it froze hard.
But though this had
been a day and night
of much trouble and
danger unto them, yet
God gave them a morn-
ing of comfort and re-
freshing (as usually He
doth to His children),
for the next day was a
fair sunshining day, and
they found themselves
to be on an island secure
from the Indians, where
they might dry their
stuff, fix their pieces,
and rest themselves, and
gave God thanks for His
mercies in their mani-
fold deliverances. And
this being the last day of the week, they pre-
pared there to keep the Sabbath. On Mon-
day they sounded the harbor, and found it
fit for shipping, and marched into the land,
and found divers cornfields and little run-
ning brooks, a place (as they supposed) fit
for situation. At least it was the best
they could find, and the season and their
present necessity made them glad to ac-
cept of it. So they returned to their ship
again with this news to the rest of their
people, which did much comfort their
hearts.

  On the 15th of December they weighed
anchor to go to the place they had discov-
ered, and came within two leagues of it,
but were fain to bear up again, but the
16th day the wind came fair, and they
arrived safe in this harbor. And after-
wards took better view of the place, and
resolved where to pitch their dwelling;
and the 25th day began to erect the first
house, for common use, to receive them
and their goods.

A.—CAPE COD HARUOR, WHERE THE “ MAY-
   FLOWER ” FIRST ANCHORED AND THE COLO-
   NISTS FIRST LANDED. B.—THE ISLAND
   WHEREON THE LAST EXPLORING PARTY
   LANDKD. C.—PLYMOUTH.
 THE ADVENTURES OF A FRENCH PRISONER IN ENGLAND.

 By Robert Louis Stevenson,

  Author of “ Treasure Island,” “ Kidnapped,” etc.

 BEGUN IN THE MARCH NUMBER-SUMMARY OF EARLIER CHAPTERS.

  Viscount Anne de St. Ives, under the name of Champ-
divers, while held a prisoner of war in Edinburgh Castle,
attracts the attention and sympathy of an aristocratic Scotch
maiden, Flora Gilchrist, who, out of curiosity, visits the
prisoners, attended by her brother Ronald. On her account
St. Ives kills a comrade, Goguelat, in a duel, fought secretly
in the night, with the divided blades of a pair of scissors.
An officer of the prison, Major Chevenix, with whom St.
Ives is in social relations, discovers the secret of the duel
and of St. Ives’s interest in the young lady ; and while at
present he respects it, there are intimations that it might be
in safer keeping. St. Ives is visited by Daniel Romaine, the
solicitor of his rich uncle, the Count de Keroual, and learns
that his cousin, Alain de St. Ives, hitherto regarded as the

 uncle’s heir, is out of favor. Romaine gives him money;
 urges him, if possible, to escape from prison, in order to
 pay his uncle, now near dying, a visit; and advises that, in
 his flight, he make his way to one Burchell Fenn, who may
 serve him. The escape is soon after made, in company
 with a number of comrades. St. Ives steals out to Swanston
 Cottage, where Flora Gilchrist and her brother live with an
 aunt. They befriend and conceal him ; but lie is discovered
 by the aunt, and thus suffers a check in his addresses to
 the niece. He so far ingratiates himself with the aunt,
 however, that she helps him to escape across the border,
 under the guidance of a pair of drovers. In England he
 takes to the Great North Road, to make his way by address
 and audacity as best he can.

CHAPTER XII.

1 FOLLOW A COVERED CART NEARLY TO
MY DESTINATION.

AP last I began to draw near, by reason-
able stages, to the neighborhood of
Wakefield; and the name of Mr. Burchell
Fenn came to the top in my memory. This
was the gentleman (the reader may re-
member) who made a trade of forwarding
the escape of French prisoners. How he
did so: whether he had a signboard, Escapes
forwarded, apply within ; what he charged
for his services, or whether they were gra-
tuitous and charitable, were all matters of
which I was at once ignorant and extremely
curious. Thanks to my proficiency in

Copyright, 1897, by the S.

      773

English, and Mr. Romaine’s bank-notes, I
was getting on swimmingly without him;
but the trouble was that I could not be
easy till I had come at the bottom of these
mysteries, and it was my difficulty that I
knew nothing of him beyond the name.
I knew not his trade—beyond that of For-
warder of Escapes—whether he lived in
town or country, whether he were rich or
poor, nor by what kind of address I was
to gain his confidence. It would have a
very bad appearance to go along the high-
way-side asking after a man of whom I
could give so scanty an account; and I
should look like a fool, indeed, if I were
to present myself at his door and find the
police in occupation! The interest of the
conundrum, however, tempted me, and I

 i. McClure Co., New York.
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

779

turned aside from my direct road to pass
by Wakefield; kept my ears pricked as I
went for any mention of his name, and re-
lied for the rest on my good fortune. If
Luck (who must certainly be feminine)
favored me as far as to throw me in the
man’s way, I should owe the lady a candle;
if not, I could very readily console my-
self. In this experimental humor, and
with so little to help me, it was a miracle
that I should have brought my enterprise
to a good end; and there are several saints
in the calendar who might be happy to
exchange with St. Ives!

  I had slept the night in a good inn at
Wakefield, made my breakfast by candle-
light with the passengers of an up-coach,
and set off in a very ill temper with my-
self and my surroundings. It was still
early; the air raw and cold; the sun low,
and soon to disappear under a vast canopy
of rain-clouds that had begun to assemble
in the northwest and from that quarter
invaded the whole width of the heaven.
Already the rain fell in crystal rods; al-
ready the whole face of the country
sounded with the discharge of drains and
ditches; and I looked forward to a day of
downpour and the misery of wet clothes, in
which particular I am as dainty as a cat.
At a corner of the road, and by the last
glint of the drowning sun, I spied a cov-
ered cart, of a kind that I thought I had
never seen before, preceding me at the
foot’s pace of jaded horses. Anything is
interesting to a pedestrian that can help
him to forget the miseries of a day of
rain; and I bettered my pace and gradu-
ally overtook the vehicle.

  The nearer I came, the more it puzzled
me. It was much such a cart as I am told
the calico printers use, mounted on two
wheels, and furnished with a seat in front
for the driver. The interior closed with a
door, and was of a bigness to contain a
good load of calico, or (at a pinch and if
it were necessary) four or five persons.
But, indeed, if human beings were meant
to travel there, they had my pity! They
must travel in the dark, for there was no
sign of a window; and they would be
shaken all the way like a vial of doctor’s
stuff, for the cart was not only ungainly
to look at—it was besides very imperfectly
balanced on the one pair of wheels, and
pitched unconscionably. Altogether, if I
had any glancing idea that the cart was
really a carriage, I had soon dismissed it;
but I was still inquisitive as to what it
should contain and where it had come
from. Wheels and horses were splashed

with many different colors of mud, as
though they had come far and across a
considerable diversity of country. The
driver continually and vainly plied his
whip. It seemed to follow they had made
a long, perhaps an all-night, stage; and that
the driver, at that early hour of a little
after eight in the morning, already felt
himself belated. I looked for the name
of the proprietor on the shaft, and started
outright. Fortune had favored the care-
less: it was Burchell Fenn!

  “ A wet morning, my man,” said I.

  The driver, a loutish fellow, shock-
headed and turnip-faced, returned not a
word to my salutation, but savagely Hogged
his horses. The tired animals, who could
scarce put the one foot before the other,
paid no attention to his cruelty; and I
continued without effort to maintain my
position alongside, smiling to myself at
the futility of his attempts, and at the
same time pricked with curiosity as to why
he made them. I made no such formid-
able a figure as that a man should flee
when I accosted him; and my conscience
not being entirely clear, I was more accus-
tomed to be uneasy myself than to see
others timid. Presently he desisted, and
put back his whip in the holster with the
air of a man vanquished.

 “So you would run away from me?”
said I. “ Come, come, that’s not Eng-
lish.”

 “ Beg pardon, master; no offence
meant,” he said, touching his hat.

  “And none taken!” cried I. “All I
desire is a little gaiety by the way.”

  I understood him to say he didn’t “ take
with gaiety.”

  “Then I will try you with something
else,” said I. “Oh, I can be all things
to all men, like the apostle. I dare to
say I have traveled with heavier fellows
than you in my time, and done famously
well with them. Are you going home?”

  “ Yes, I’m goin’ home, I am,” he said.

  “ A very fortunate circumstance for
me,” said I. “At this rate we shall see
a good deal of each other, going the same
way; and now I come to think of it, why
should you not give me a cast ? There is
room beside you on the bench.”

  With a sudden snatch he carried the cart
two yards into the roadway. The horses
plunged and came to a stop. “ No, you
don’t!” he said, menacing me with the
whip. “ None o’ that with me.”

 “None of what?” said I. “I asked
you for a lift, but I have no idea of taking
one by force.”
780

S2\ IVES.

  “ Well, I’ve got to take care of the cart
and ’orses, I have,” savs he. ‘‘ I don’t
take up with no runagate vagabones, you
see, else.”

  “ I ought to thank you for your touch-
ing confidence,” said I, approaching care-
lessly nearer as 1 spoke. “ Hut I admit
the road is solitary hereabouts, and no
doubt an accident soon happens. Little
fear of anything of the kind with you! I
like you for it, like your prudence, like
that pastoral shyness of disposition. But
why not put it out of my power to hurt ?
Why not open the door and bestow me
here in the box, or whatever you please to
call it ? ” And I laid my hand demonstra-
tively on the body of the cart.

  He had been timorous before; but at
this he seemed to lose the power of speech
a moment, and stared at me in a perfect
enthusiasm of fear.

  ‘‘Why not?” I continued. “ The idea
is good. I should be safe in there if I were
the monster Williams himself. The great
thing is to have me under lock and key.
For it does lock; it is locked now,” said I,
trying the door. “Apropos, what have
you for a cargo ? It must be precious.”

  He found not a word to answer.

  Rat-tat-tat, I went upon the door like a
well-drilled footman. “ Any one at
home?” I said, and stooped to listen.

  There came out of the interior a stifled
sneeze, the first of an uncontrollable par-
oxysm; another followed immediately on
the heels of it; and then the driver turned
with an oath, laid the lash upon the horses
with so much energy that they found their
heels again, and the whole equipage fled
down the road at the gallop.

  At the first sound of the sneeze I had
started back like a man shot. The next
moment a great light broke on my mind,
and I understood. Here was the'Secret of
Penn’s trade: this was how he forwarded
the escape of prisoners, hawking them by
night about the country in his covered
cart. There had been Frenchmen close to
me; he who had just sneezed was my
countryman, my comrade, perhaps already
my friend! I took to my heels in pursuit.
“Hold hard!” I shouted. “Stop. It’s
all right! Stop.” But the driver only
turned a white face 011 me for a moment,
and redoubled his efforts, bending for-
ward, plying his whip, and crying to his
horses. These lay themselves down to the
gallop, and beat the highway with flying
hooves; and the cart bounded after them
among the ruts and fled in a halo of rain
and spattering mud. But a minute since,

and it had been trundling along like a
lame cow; and now it was off as though
drawn by Apollo’s coursers. There is no
telling what a man can do until you
frighten him!

  It was as much as I could do myself,
though I ran valiantly, to maintain my
distance; and that (since I knew my coun-
trymen so near) was become a chief point
with me. A hundred yards farther on the
cart whipped out of the high-road into a
wet lane embowered with leafless trees, and
became lost to view. When I saw it next,
the driver had increased his advantage
considerably, but all danger was at an end,
and the horses had again declined into a
hobbling walk. Persuaded that they
could not escape me, I look my time, and
recovered my breath as I followed them.

  Presently the lane twisted at right
angles, and showed me a gate and the be-
ginning of a gravel sweep; and a little
after, as I continued to advance, a red
brick house about seventy years old, in a
fine style of architecture, and presenting
a front of many windows to a lawn and
garden. Behind I could see outhouses
and the peaked roofs of stacks, and I
judged that a manor-house had in some
way declined to be the residence of a
tenant-farmer, careless alike of appear-
ances and substantial comfort. The marks
of neglect were visible on every side, in
flower-bushes straggling beyond the bor-
ders, in the ill-kept turf, and in the broken
windows that were incongruously patched
with paper or stuffed with rags. A thicket
of trees, mostly evergreen, fenced the place
round and secluded it from the eyes of
prying neighbors. As I came in view of
it on that melancholy winter’s morning,
in the deluge of the falling rain, and with
the wind that now rose in occasional gusts
and hooted over the old chimneys, the cart
had already drawn up at the front door
steps, and the driver was already in earnest
discourse with Mr. Burchell Fenn. He
was standing with his hands behind his
back—a man of a gross, misbegotten face
and body, dewlapped like a bull and red
as a harvest moon; and in his jockey cap,
blue coat, and top boots, he had much the
air of a good, solid tenant-farmer.

  The pair continued to speak as I came
up the approach, but received me at last
in a sort of goggling silence. 1 had my
hat in my hand.

  “ I have the pleasure of addressing Mr.
Burchell Fenn ? ” said I.

  “The same, sir,” replied Mr. Fenn,
taking off his jockey cap in answer to my
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

781

civility, but with the distant look and the
tardy movements of one who continues to
think of something else. “ And who may
you be ? ” he asked.

  “I shall tell you afterwards,” said I.
*' Suffice it, in the meantime, that I come
on business.”

  He seemed to digest my answer labori-
ously, his mouth gaping, his little eyes
never straying from my face.

  ‘‘Suffer me to point out to you, sir,”
I resumed, ‘‘that this is an extremely
wet morning, and that the chimney-corner
and possibly a glass of something hot are
clearly indicated.”

  Indeed, the rain was now grown to be a
deluge; the gutters of the house roared;
the air was filled with the continuous,
strident crash. The stolidity of his face,
on which the rain streamed, was far from
reassuring me. On the contrary, I was
aware of a distinct qualm of apprehen-
sion, which was not at all lessened by a
view of the driver, craning from his perch
to observe us with the expression of a fas-
cinated bird. So we stood silent, when
the prisoner again began to sneeze from
the body of the cart; and at the sound,
prompt as a transformation, the driver
had whipped up his horses and was sham-
bling off round the corner of the house,
and Mr. Fenn, recovering his wits with a
gulp, had turned to the door behind him.

  “ Come in, come in, sir,” he said. “ I
beg your pardon, sir; the lock goes a trifle
hard.”

  Indeed, it took him a surprising time to
open the door, which was not only locked
on the outside, but the lock seemed rebel-
lious from disuse; and when at last he
stood back and motioned me to enter be-
fore him, I was greeted on the threshold
by that peculiar and convincing sound of
the rain echoing over empty chambers.
The entrance-hall, in which I now found
myself, was of a good size and good pro-
portions; potted plants occupied the cor-
ners; the paved floor was soiled with
muddy footprints and encumbered with
straw; on a mahogany hall table, which
was the only furniture, a candle had been
stuck and suffered to burn down—plainly
a long while ago, for the gutterings were
green with mould. My mind, under these
new impressions, worked with unusual
vivacity. I was here shut off with Fenn
and his hireling in a deserted house, a
neglected garden, and a wood of ever-
greens: the most eligible theatre for a deed
of darkness. There came to me a vision
of two flags raised in the hall floor, and

the driver putting in the rainy afternoon
over my grave, and the prospect displeased
me extremely. I felt 1 had carried my
pleasantry as far as was safe; I must lose
no time in declaring my true character,
and I was even choosing the words in
which I was to begin when the hall door
was slammed to behind me with a bang,
and I turned, dropping my stick as I did
so, in time—and not any more than time
—to save my life.

  The surprise of the onslaught and the
huge weight of my assailant gave him the
advantage. He had a pistol in his right
hand of portentous size, which it took me
all my strength to keep deflected. With
his left arm he strained me to his bosom,
so that I thought I must be crushed or
stifled. His mouth was open, his face
crimson, and he panted aloud with hard,
animal sounds. The affair was as brief as
it was hot and sudden. The potations
which had swelled and bloated his carcass
had already weakened the springs of
energy. One more huge effort, that came
near to overpower me, and in which the
pistol happily exploded, and I felt his
grasp slacken and weakness come on his
joints; his legs succumbed under his
weight, and he groveled on his knees
on the stone floor. ‘‘Spare me!” he
gasped.

  I had not only been abominably fright-
ened; I was shocked besides; my delicacy
was in arms, like a lady to whom violence
should have been offered by a similar mon-
ster. I plucked myself from his horrid
contact, I snatched the pistol—even dis-
charged, it was a formidable weapon—and
menaced him ‘with the butt. ‘‘Spare
you! ” 1 cried, “ you beast! ”

  His voice died in his fat inwards, but
his lips still vehemently framed the same
words of supplication. My anger began
to pass off, but not all my repugnance;
the picture he made revolted me, and I
was impatient to be spared the further
view of it.

  “Here,” said I, “stop this perform-
ance; it sickens me. I am not going to
kill you, do you hear ? 1 have need of
you.”

  A look of relief, that I could almost
have called beautiful, dawned 011 his coun-
tenance. “Anything — anything you
wish,” said he.

  Anything is a big word, and his use of
it brought me for a moment to a stand.
“Why, what do you mean?” I asked.
“ Do you mean that you will blow the gaff
on the whole business?”
782

ST. IVES.

  He answered me yes with eager assev-
erations.

  “ I know Monsieur de St.-Yves is in
it; it was through his papers we traced
you,” I said. “Do you consent to make
a clean breast of the others ? ”

  “I do—I will!” he cried. “The ’ole
crew of ’em; there’s good names among
’em. I’ll be king’s evidence.”

  “So that all shall hang except yourself ?
You villain!” I broke out. “Under-
stand at once that I am no spy or thief-
taker. I am a kinsman of Monsieur de
St.-Yves—here in his interest. Upon my
word, you have put your foot in it pret-
tily, Mr. Burcheli Fenn! Come, stand up;
don’t grovel there. Stand up, you lump
of iniquity! ”

  He scrambled to his feet. He was utter-
ly unmanned, or it might have gone hard
with me yet; and I considered him hesitat-
ing, as, indeed, there was cause. The
man was a double-dyed traitor: he had
tried to murder me, and I had first baffled
his endeavours, and then exposed and
insulted him. Was it wise to place myself
any longer at his mercy ? With his help
I should doubtless travel more quickly;
doubtless, also, far less agreeably; and
there was everything to show that it would
be at a greater risk. In short, I should
have washed my hands of him on the spot
but for the temptation of the French
officers, whom I knew to be so near, and
for whose society I felt so great and
natural an impatience. If I was to see
anything of my countrymen, it was clear
1 had first of all to make my peace with
Mr. Fenn; and that was no easy matter.
To make friends with any one implies
concessions on both sides; and what could
I concede ? What could I say of him but
that he had proved himself a villain and
a fool, and the worse man ?

  “Well,” said I, “here has been rather
a poor piece of business, which I daresay
you can have 110 pleasure in calling to
mind; and, to say the truth, I would as
readily forget it myself. Suppose we try.
Take back your pistol, which smells very
ill; put it in your pocket or wherever you
had it concealed. There! Now let us
meet for the first time.—Give you good
morning, Mr. Fenn! 1 hope you do very
well. I come on the recommendation of
my kinsman, the Vicomte de St.-Yves. ”
“Do you mean it?” he cried. “Do
you mean you will pass over our little
scrimmage ? ”

  “ Why, certainly! ” said I. “ It shows
you are a bold fellow, who may be trusted

to forget the business when it comes to
the point. There is nothing against you
in the little scrimmage, unless that your
courage is greater than your strength.
You are not so young as you once were,
that is all.”

  “ And I beg of you, sir, don’t betray me
to the Vis-count,” he pleaded. “I’ll not
deny but what my heart failed me a trifle;
but it was only a word, sir, what anybody
might have said in the’eat of the moment,
and over with it.”

  “Certainly,” said I. “That is quite
my own opinion.”

  “ The way I came to be anxious about
the Vis-count,” he continued, “is that I
believe he might be induced to form an
’asty judgment. And the business, in a
pecuniary point of view, is all that I could
ask; only trying, sir—very trying. It’s
making an old man of me before my time.
You might have observed yourself, sir,
that I ’aven’t got the knees I once ’ad.
The knees and the breathing, there’s where
it takes me. But I’m very sure, sir, I ad-
dress a gentleman as would be the last to
make trouble between friends.”

  “ I am sure you do me no more than
justice,” said I; “ and I shall think it quite
unnecessary to dwell on any of these pass-
ing circumstances in my report to the
Vicomte.”

  “ Which you do favor him (if you’ll ex-
cuse me being so bold as to mention it)
exac’ly! ” said he. “ I should have known
you anywheres. May I offer you a pot of
’ome-brewed ale, sir? By your leave!
This way, if you please. I am ’eartily
grateful—’eartily pleased to be of any
service to a gentleman like you, sir, which
is related to the Vis-count, and really a
fambly of which you might well be proud!
Take care of the step, sir. You have good
news of ’is ’ealth, 1 trust? as well as that
of Monseer the Count ? ”

  God forgive me! the horrible fellow was
still puffing and panting with the fury of
his assault, and already he had fallen into
an obsequious, wheedling familiarity like
that of an old servant—already he was
flattering me on my family connections.

  I followed him through the house into
the stable-yard, where I observed the
driver washing the cart in a shed. He
must have heard the explosion of the pis-
tol. He could not choose but hear it: the
thing was shaped like a little blunderbuss,
charged to the mouth, and made a report
like a piece of field artillery. He had
heard, he had paid 110 attention; and now,
as we came forth by the back door, he
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

7*3

raised for a moment a pale and tell-tale
face that was as direct as a confession.
The rascal had expected to see Fenn come
forth alone; he was waiting to be called on
for that part of sexton which I had already
allotted to him in fancy.

  I need not detain the reader very long
with any description of my visit to the
back-kitchen, of how we mulled our ale
there, and mulled it very well; nor of how
we sat talking, Fenn like an old, faithful,
affectionate dependant, and I—well! I had
myself fallen into a mere admiration of so
much impudence that transcended words,
and had very soon conquered animosity.
] took a fancy to the man, he was so vast
a humbug. I began to see a kind of beauty
in him, his aplomb was so majestic. I never
knew a rogue to cut so fat; his villainy
was ample, like his belly, and I could scarce
find it in my heart to hold him responsible
for either. He was good enough to drop
into the autobiographical; telling me how
the farm, in spite of the war and the high
prices, had proved a disappointment; how
there was “a sight of cold, wet land as
you come along the ’igh-road; ” how the
winds and rains and the seasons had been
misdirected, it seemed “ o’ purpose; ” how
Mrs. Fenn had died—“ I lost her coming
two year agone; a remarkable fine woman,
my old girl, sir, if you’ll excuse me,” he
added, with a burst of humility. In short,
he gave me an opportunity of studying
John Bull, as I may say, stuffed naked—
his greed, his usuriousness, his hypocrisy,
his perfidy of the back-stairs, all swelled
to the superlative—such as was well worth
the little disarray and fluster of our passage
in the hall.

CHAPTER XIII.

I MEET TWO OF MY COUNTRYMEN.

  As soon as I judged it safe, and that
was not before Burchell Fenn had talked
himself back into his breath and a
complete good humor, I proposed he
should introduce me to the French officers,
henceforth to become my fellow-passen-
gers. There were two of them, it ap-
peared, and my heart beat as I approached
the door. The specimen of Perfidious
Albion whom I had just been studying gave
me the stronger zest for my fellow-country-
men. I could have embraced them; I
could have wept on their necks. And all
the time I was going to a disappointment.

  It was in a spacious and low room, with

an outlook on the court, that I found
them bestowed. In the good days of that
house the apartment had probably served
as a library, for there were traces of
shelves along the wainscot. Four or five
mattresses lay on the floor in a corner,
with a frowsy heap of bedding; near by
was a basin and a cube of soap; a rude
kitchen table and some deal chairs stood
together at the far end; and the room was
illuminated by no less than four windows,
and warmed by a little crazy, sidelong
grate, propped up with bricks in the vent of
a hospitable chimney, and where a pile
of coals smoked prodigiously and gave out
a few starveling flames. An old, frail,
white-haired officer sat in one of the
chairs, which he had drawn close to this
apology for a fire. He was wrapped in a
camlet cloak, of which the collar was
turned up, his knees touched the bars, his
hands were spread in the very smoke, and
yet he shivered for cold. The second—a
big, florid, fine animal of a man, whose
every gesture labeled him the “Cock of
the Walk” and the “Admiration of the
Ladies”—had apparently despaired of the
fire, and now strode up and down, sneez-
ing hard, bitterly blowing his nose, and
proffering a continual stream of bluster,
complaint, and barrack-room oaths.

  Fenn showed me in, with the brief form
of introduction: “Gentlemen all, this
here’s another fare ! ” and was gone
again at once. The old man gave me but
the one glance out of lack-luster eyes;
and even as he looked a shudder took him
as sharp as a hiccough. But the other,
who represented to admiration the picture
of a Beau in a Catarrh, stared at me arro-
gantly.

  “ And who are you, sir ? ” he asked.

  I made the military salute to my supe-
riors.

  “ Champdivers, private, Eighth of the
Line,” said I.

  “ Pretty business! ” said he. “ And you
are going on with us ? Three in a cart,
and a great trolloping private at that!
And who is to pay for you, my fine fel-
low ? ” he inquired.

  “ If monsieur comes to that,” I an-
swered civilly, “ who paid for him ? ”

  “Oh, if you choose to play the wit!”
said he, and began to rail at large upon
his destiny, the weather, the cold, the
danger and the expense of the escape, and,
above all, the cooking of the accursed
English. It seemed to annoy him particu-
larly that I should have joined their party.
“If you knew what you were doing—thirty
784

ST. IVES.

thousand millions of pigs!—you would keep
yourself to yourself! The horses can’t drag
the cart; the roads are all ruts and swamps.
No longer ago than last night the colonel
and I had to march half the way—half the
way to the knees in mud—and I with this
infernal cold—and the danger of detection!
Happily we met no one—a desert—a real
desert—like the whole abominable coun-
try ! Nothing to eat—no, sir, there is noth-
ing to eat but raw cow and greens boiled
in water—nor to drink but Worcestershire
sauce. Now I, with my catarrh, I have
no appetite; is it not so ? Well, if I were
in France, I should have a good soup with
a crust in it, an omelette, a fowl in rice, a
partridge in cabbages—things to tempt me!
But here—what a country! And cold, too!
They talk about Russia—this is all the
cold I want! And the people—look at
them! What a race! Never any hand-
some men; never any fine officers! ”—and
he looked down complacently for a mo-
ment at his waist. “And the women—
what faggots! No, that is one point clear,
I cannot stomach the English! ’’

  There was something in this man so an-
tipathetic to me as sent the mustard into
my nose. I can never bear your bucks
and dandies, even when they are decent-
looking and well-dressed; and the major
—for that was his rank—was the image of
a flunkey in good luck. An angel who
should have married him, or even dreamed
of it, would have been a dead angel for
me. Even to be in agreement with him,
or to seem to be so, was more than I could
make out to endure.

  “ You could scarce be expected to,” said
I, civilly, “ after having just digested your
parole.”

  He whipped round on his heel, and turned
011 me a countenance which, I dare say, he
imagined to be awful; but another fit of
sneezing cut him off ere he could come to
the length of speech.

  “ I have not tried the dish myself,” I
took the opportunity to add. “ It is said
to be unpalatable. Did monsieur find it
so ?”

  With surprising vivacity the colonel
woke from his lethargy. He was between
us ere another word could pass.

 “Shame, gentlemen!” he said. “Is
this a time for Frenchmen and fellow-sol-
diers to fall out ? We are in the midst of
our enemies; a quarrel, a loud word, may
suffice to plunge us back into irretrievable
distress. Monsieur le Co/n/nandant, you
have been gravely offended. I make it
my request, I make it my prayer—if need

be, I give you my orders—that the matter
shall stand by until we come safe to France.
Then, if you please, I will serve you in any
capacity. And for you, young man, you
have shown all the cruelty and careless-
ness of youth. This gentleman is your
superior; he is no longer young”—at
which word you are to conceive the major’s
face. “It is admitted he has broken his
parole. I know not his reason, and no
more do you. It might be patriotism in
this hour of our countiy’s adversity, it
might be humanity, necessity; you know
not what in the least, and you permit your-
self to reflect on his honor. To break
parole may be a subject for pity and not
derision. I have broken mine—I, a colo-
nel of the Empire. And why ? I have
been years negotiating my exchange, and
it cannot be managed; those who have
influence at the Ministry of War continu-
ally rush in before me, and I have to wait,
and my daughter at home is in a decline.
I am going to see my daughter at last,
and it is my only concern lest I should
have delayed too long. She is ill, and
very ill; at death’s door. Nothing is left
me but my daughter, my Emperor, and
my honor; and I give my honor. Blame
me for it who dare! ”

  At this my heart smote me.

  “ For God’s sake,” I cried, “think no
more of what I have said! A parole ? what
is a parole against life and death and love ?
I ask your pardon; this gentleman’s also.
As long as I shall be with you, you shall
not have cause to complain of me again.
I pray God, you will find your daughter
alive and restored.”

  “That is past praying for,” said the
colonel; and immediately the brief fire
died out of him, and returning to the
hearth, he relapsed into his former ab-
straction.

  But I was not so easy to compose. The
knowledge of the poor gentleman’s trouble
and the sight of his face had filled me with
the bitterness of remorse; and I insisted
upon shaking hands with the major (which
he did with a very ill grace), and abounded
in palinodes and apologies.

  “ After all,” said I, “ who am I to talk ?
I am in the luck to be a private soldier; I
have no parole to give or to keep; once I
am over the rampart, I am as free as air.
I beg you to believe that I regret from my
soul the use of these ungenerous expres-
sions. Allow me. ... Is there no way
in this house to attract attention ? Where
is this fellow, Fenn ? ”

  I ran to one of the windows and threw
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

7«5

it open. Fenn, who was at the moment
passing below in the court, cast up his
arms like one in despair, called to me to
keep back, plunged into the house, and
appeared next moment in the doorway of
the chamber.

  “ Oh, sir! ” says he, “ keep away from
those there windows. A body might see
you from the back lane.”

  “ It is registered,” said I. “ Hencefor-
ward I will be a mouse for precaution and
a ghost for invisibility. But in the mean-
time fetch us a bottle of brandy. Your
room is as damp as the bottom of a well,
and these gentlemen are perishing for
cold.”

  So soon as I had paid him (for every-
thing I found must be paid in advance), I
turned my attention to the fire, and whether
because I threw greater energy into the
business, or because the coals were now
warmed and the time ripe, I soon started
a blaze that made the chimney roar again.
The shine of it, in that dark, rainy day,
seemed to reanimate the colonel like a
blink of sun. With the outburst of the
flames, besides, a draught was established,
which immediately delivered us from the
plague of smoke; and by the time Fenn
returned, carrying a bottle under his arm
and a single tumbler in his hand, there was
already an air of gaiety in the room that
did the heart good.

  I poured out some of the brandy.

  “ Colonel,” said I, “ I am a young man
and a private soldier. I have not been
long in this room, and already I have
shown the petulance that belongs to the
one character and the ill manners that you
may look for in the other. Have the hu-
manity to pass these slips over, and honor
me so far as to accept this glass.”

  “ My lad,” says he, waking up and blink-
ing at me with an air of suspicion, “ are
you sure you can afford it ? ”

  I assured him I could.

  “ I thank you, then ; I am very cold.”
He took the glass out, and a little color
came in his face. “I thank you again,”
said he. “ It goes to the heart.”

  The major, when I motioned him to help
himself, did so with a good deal of liberal-
ity; continued to do so for the rest of the
morning, now with some sort of apology,
now with none at all; and the bottle began
to look foolish before dinner was served.
It was such a meal as he had himself pre-
dicted: beef, greens, potatoes, mustard in
a teacup, and beer in a brown jug that
was all over hounds, horses, and hunters,
with a fox at the far end and a gigantic

John Bull—for all the world like Fenn—
sitting in the midst in a bob-wig and smok-
ing tobacco. The beer was a good brew,
but not good enough for the major; he
laced it with brandy—for his cold, he said;
and in this curative design the remainder
of the bottle ebbed away. He called my
attention repeatedly to the circumstance;
helped me pointedly to the dregs ; threw
the bottle in the air and played tricks with
it; and at last, having exhausted his in-
genuity, and seeing me remain quite blind
to every hint, he ordered and paid for an-
other himself.

  As for the colonel, he ate nothing, sat
sunk in a muse, and only awoke occasion-
ally to a sense of where he was and what
he was supposed to be doing. On each of
these occasions he showed a gratitude and
kind courtesy that endeared him to me be-
yond expression. “ Champdivers, my lad,
your health! ” he would say. “ The major
and I had a very arduous march last night,
and I positively thought I should have
eaten nothing, but your fortunate idea of
the brandy has made quite a new man of
me—quite a new man.” And he would
fall to with a great air of heartiness, cut
himself a mouthful, and before he had
swallowed it, would have forgotten his
dinner, his company, the place where he
then was, and the escape he was engaged
on, and become absorbed in the vision of
a sick-room and a dying girl in France.
The pathos of this continual preoccupa-
tion, in a man so old, sick, and over-
weary, and whom I looked upon as a mere
bundle of dying bones and death pains,
put me wholly from my victuals; it seemed
there was an element of sin and a kind of
rude bravado of youth in the mere relish-
ing of food at the same table with this
tragic father; and though I was well
enough used with the coarse, plain diet of
the English, I ate scarce more than him-
self. Dinner was hardly over before he
succumbed to a lethargic sleep, lying 011
one of the mattresses with his limbs re-
laxed and his breath seemingly suspended,
the very image of dissolution.

  This left the major and myself alone at
the table. You must not suppose our tctc-
d,-t$tc was long, but it was a lively period
while it lasted. He drank like a fish or an
Englishman; shouted, beat the table,
roared out songs, quarreled, made it up
again, and at last tried to throw the din-
ner-plates through the window, a feat of
which he was at that time quite incapable.
For a party of fugitives, condemned to the
most rigorous discretion, there was never
786

ST. IVES.

seen so noisy a carnival; and through it
all the colonel continued to sleep like a
child. Seeing the major so well advanced
and no retreat possible, I made a fair wind
of a foul one, keeping his glass full, push-
ing him with toasts, and sooner than I
could have dared to hope, he became
drowsy and incoherent. With the wrong-
headedness of all such sots, he would not
be persuaded to lie down upon one of the
mattresses until I had stretched myself
upon another. But the comedy was soon
over; soon he slept the sleep of the just
and snored like a military music; and I
might get up again and face (as best I
could) the excessive tedium of the after-
noon.

  I had passed the night before in a good
bed; I was denied the resource of slumber,
and there was nothing open for me but to
pace the apartment, maintain the fire, and
brood on my position. I compared yes-
terday and to-day—the safety, comfort,
jollity, open-air exercise, and pleasant
roadside inns of the one, with the tedium,
anxiety, and discomfort of the other. I
remembered that I was in the hands of
Fenn, who could not be more false—though
he might be more vindictive—than I fan-
cied him. I looked forward to nights of
pitching in the covered cart and days of
monotony in I knew not what hiding-
places; and my heart failed me, and I was
in two minds whether to slink off ere it
was too late and return to my former soli-
tary way of travel. But the colonel
stood in the path. I had not seen much
of him; and already I judged him a man
of a child-like nature—with that sort of
innocence and courtesy that, I think, is
only to be found in old soldiers or old
priests—and broken with years and sor-
row. I could not turn my back on his
distress; could not leave him alone with
the selfish trooper who snored on the next
mattress. “ Champdivers, my lad, your
health!” said a voice in my ear, and
stopped me—and there are few things I
am more glad of in the retrospect than
that it did.

  It must have been about four in the
afternoon—at least the rain had taken off,
and the sun was setting with some wintry
pomp—that the current of my reflections
was effectually changed by the arrival of
two visitors in a gig. They were farmers
of the neighborhood, I suppose, big, burly
fellows in great-coats and top-boots,
mightily flushed with liquor when they
arrived, and before they left, inimitably
drunk. They stayed long in the kitchen

with Burchell, drinking, shouting, singing,
and keeping it up; and the sound of their
merry minstrelsy kept me a kind of com-
pany. There was not much variety—we
had “ Widdicombe Fair” at least three
times; and if it was scarce tuneful, it was
at least more so than the bestial snoring
of the major on the mattress. The night
fell, and the shine of the fire brightened
and blinked on the panelled wall. Our
illuminated windows must have been visi-
ble not only from the back lane of which
Fenn had spoken, but from the court
where the farmers’ gig awaited them.
When they should come forth, they must
infallibly perceive the chamber to be ten-
anted; and suppose them to remark upon
the circumstance, it became a question
whether Fenn was honest enough to wish
to protect us, or should have sense enough
left, after his long potations, to put their
inquiries by. These were not pleasing in-
sinuations; and when our friends below
gave us the third time,

“ Tom Pearce, Tom l’earce, lend me thy gray mare—
    All along, down along, out along lee—

  I want for to go to Widdicombe Fair,”

I felt I would have gladly borrowed the
gray mare myself to escape from the bub-
bling pot of troubles in which I had plunged
myself by my visit to Burchell Fenn. In
the far end of the firelit room lay my com-
panions, the one silent, the other clamor-
ously noisy, the images of death and
drunkenness. Little wonder if I were
tempted to join in the choruses below, and
sometimes could hardly refrain from laugh-
ter, and sometimes, I believe, from tears
—so unmitigated was the tedium, so cruel
the suspense, of this period.

  At last, about six at night, I should fancy,
the noisy minstrels appeared in the court,
headed by Fenn with a lantern, and knock-
ing together as they came. The visitors
clambered noisily into the gig, one of them
shook the reins, and they were snatched
out of sight and hearing with a suddenness
that partook of the nature of prodigy. I
am well aware there is a providence for
drunken men, that holds the reins for them
and presides over their troubles; doubtless
he had his work cut out for him with this
particular gigful! Fenn rescued his toes
with an ejaculation from under the depart-
ing wheels, and turned at once with uncer-
tain steps and devious lantern to the far
end of the court. There, through the
open doors of a coach-house, the shock-
headed lad was already to be seen drawing
forth the covered cart. If I wished any
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

787

private talk with our host, it must be now
or never.

  Accordingly I groped my way down-
stairs, and came to him as he looked on
and lighted the harnessing of the horses.

  “ The hour approaches when we have to
part,” said I; ‘‘and I shall be obliged if
you will tell your servant to drop me at
the nearest point for Dunstable. I am de-
termined to go so far with our friends,
Colonel X. and Major Y., but my business
is peremptory, and it takes me to the
neighborhood of Dunstable.”

  Orders were given, to my satisfaction,
with an obsequiosity that seemed only in-
flamed by his potations.

CHAPTER XIV.

TRAVELS OF THE COVERED CART.

  My companions were aroused with diffi-
culty: the colonel, poor old gentleman !
to a sort of permanent dream, in which
you could say of him only that he was
very deaf and anxiously polite; the major
still maudlin drunk. We had a dish of tea
by the fireside, and then issued like crimi-
nals into the scathing cold of the night.
For the weather had in the meanwhile
changed. Upon the cessation of the rain,
a strict frost had succeeded. The moon,
being young, was already near the zenith
when we started, glittered everywhere on
sheets of ice, and sparkled in ten thousand
icicles. A more unpromising night for a
journey it was hard to conceive. But in
the course of the afternoon the horses had
been well sharpened; and King (for such
was the name of the shock-headed lad)
was very positive that he could drive us
without misadventure. He was as good as
his word; indeed, despite a gawky air, he
was simply invaluable in his present em-
ployment, showing marked sagacity in all
that concerned the care of horses, and
guiding us by one short cut after another
for days and without a fault.

  The interior of that engine of torture,
the covered cart, was fitted with a bench,
on which we took our places; the door
was shut; in a moment, the night closed
upon us solid and stifling; and we felt that
we were being driven carefully out of the
courtyard. Careful was the word all night,
and it was an alleviation of our miseries
that we did not often enjoy. In general,
as we were driven the better part of the
night and day, often at a pretty quick
pace and always through a labyrinth of the

most infamous country lanes and by-roads,
we were so bruised upon the bench, so
dashed against the top and sides of the
cart, that we reached the end of a stage
in truly pitiable case, sometimes flung our-
selves down without the formality of eat-
ing, made but one sleep of it until the
hour of departure returned, and were only
properly awakened by the first jolt of the
renewed journey. There were interrup-
tions, at times, that we hailed as allevia-
tions. At times the cart was bogged, once
it was upset, and we must alight and lend
the driver the assistance of our arms; at
times too (as on the occasion when I had
first encountered it) the horses gave out,
and we had to trail alongside in mud or
frost until the first peep of daylight, or the
approach of a hamlet or a high-road bade
us disappear like ghosts into our prison.

  The main roads of England are incom-
parable for excellence, of a beautiful
smoothness, very ingeniously laid down,
and so well kept that in most weathers you
could take your dinner off any part of
them without distaste. Then, to the note
of the bugle, the mail did its sixty miles a
day; innumerable chaises whisked after
the bobbing postboys; or some young
blood would flit by in a curricle and tan-
dem to the vast delight and danger of the
lieges. Then the slow-pacing wagons
made a music of bells, and all day long
the travelers on horseback and the travel-
ers on foot (like happy Mr. St. Ives so
little a while before!) kept coming and
going, and baiting and gaping at each
other, as though a fair were due and they
were gathering to it from all England.
No, nowhere in the world is travel so great
a pleasure as in that country. But unhap-
pily our one need was to be secret; and all
this rapid and animated picture of the road
swept quite apart from us, as we lumbered
up hill and down dale, under hedge and
over stone, among circuitous byways.
Only twice did I receive, as it were, a whiff
of the highway. The first reached my
ears alone. I might have been anywhere.
I only knew 1 was in the dark night and
among ruts, when I heard very far off, over
the silent country that surrounded us, the
guard’s horn wailing its signal to the next
post-house for a change of horses. It
was like the voice of the day heard in the
darkness, a voice of the world heard in
prison, the note of a cock crowing in the
mid-seas; in short, I cannot tell you what
it was like, you will have to fancy for
yourself—but I could have wept to hear it.
Once we were belated: the cattle could
788

ST. IVES.

hardly crawl, the day was at hand, it was
a nipping, rigorous morning ; King was
lashing his horses, I was giving an arm to
the old colonel, and the major was cough-
ing in our rear. I must suppose that King
was a thought careless, being nearly in
desperation about his team, and in spite
of the cold morning, breathing hot with
his exertions. We came, at last, a little
before sunrise, to the summit of a hill, and
saw the high-road passing at right angles
through an open country of meadows and
hedgerow pollards; and not only the York
mail, speeding smoothly at the gallop of
the four horses, but a post-chaise besides,
with the postboy titupping briskly, and
the traveler himself putting his head out
of the window, but whether to breathe the
dawn, or the better to observe the passage
of the mail, I do not know. So that we
enjoyed for an instant a picture of free
life on the road, in its most luxurious
forms of despatch and comfort. And
thereafter, with a poignant feeling of con-
trast in our hearts, we must mount again
into our wheeled dungeon.

  We came to our stages at all sorts of
odd hours, and they were in all kinds of
odd places. I may say at once that my
first experience was my best. Nowhere
again were we so well entertained as at
Burchell Fenn’s. And this, I suppose,
was natural and, indeed, inevitable in so
long and secret a journey. The first stop,
we lay six hours in a barn standing by
itself in a poor, marshy orchard, and
packed with hay. To make it more attrac-
tive, we were told it had been the scene
of an abominable murder and was now
haunted. But the day was beginning to
break, and our fatigue was too extreme
for visionary terrors. The second or
third, we alighted on a barren heath about
midnight, built a fire to warm us under the
shelter of some thorns, supped like beg-
gars on bread and a piece of cold bacon,
and slept like gipsies with our feet to the
fire. In the meanwhile, King was gone
with the cart, I know not where, to get a
change of horses, and it was late in the
dark morning when he returned and we
were able to resume our journey. In the
middle of another night, we came to a stop
by an ancient, white-washed cottage of two
stories; a privet hedge surrounded it; the
frosty moon shone blankly on the upper
windows; but through those of the kitchen
the firelight was seen glinting on the roof
and reflected from the dishes on the wall.
Here, after much hammering on the door,
King managed to arouse an old crone from

the chimney-corner chair, where she had
been dozing in the watch; and we were
had in, and entertained with a dish of hot
tea. This old lady was an aunt of Burchell
Fenn’s—and an unwilling partner in his
dangerous trade. Though the house stood
solitary, and the hour was an unlikely one
for any passenger upon the road, King
.and she conversed in whispers only. There
was something dismal, something of the
sick-room, in this perpetual, guarded sib-
ilation. The apprehensions of our hostess
insensibly communicated themselves to
every one present. We ate like mice in a
cat’s ear; if one of us jingled a teaspoon,
all would start; and when the hour came
to take the road again, we drew a long
breath of relief, and climbed to our places
in the covered cart with a positive sense
of escape. The most of our meals, how-
ever, were taken boldly at hedgerow ale-
houses, usually at untimely hours of the
day, when the clients were in the field or
the farmyard at labor. I shall have to tell
presently of our last experience of the
sort, and how unfortunately it miscarried;
but as that was the signal for my separa-
tion from my fellow-travelers, 1 must first
finish with them.

  I had never any occasion to waver in my
first judgment of the colonel. The old
gentleman seemed to me, and still seems
in the retrospect, the salt of the earth. 1
had occasion to see him in the extremes of
hardship, hunger, and cold; he was dying,
and he looked it; and yet I cannot remem-
ber any hasty, harsh, or impatient word to
have fallen from his lips. On the con-
trary, he ever showed himself careful to
please, and even if he rambled in his talk,
rambled always gently—like a humane,
half-witted old hero, true to his colors to
the last. I would not dare to say how
often he awoke suddenly from a lethargy
and told us again, as though we had never
heard it, the story of how he had earned
the cross, how it had been given him by the
hand of the emperor, and of the innocent
—and, indeed, foolish—sayings of his
daughter when he returned with it on his
bosom. He had another anecdote which
he was very apt to give, by way of a re-
buke, when the major wearied us beyond
endurance with dispraises of the English.
This was an account of the “ braves gens ”
with whom he had been boarding. True
enough, he was a man so simple and grate-
ful by nature that the most common civili-
ties were able to touch him to the heart
and would remain written in his memory;
but from a thousand inconsiderable but
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

789

conclusive indications, I gathered that this
family had really loved him and loaded
him with kindness. They made a fire in
his bedroom, which the sons and daugh-
ters tended with their own hands; letters
from France were looked for with scarce
more eagerness by himself than by these
alien sympathizers; when they came, he
would read them aloud in the parlor to the
assembled family, translating as he went.
The colonel’s English was elementary; his
daughter was not in the least likely to be
an amusing correspondent; and as I con-
ceived these scenes in the parlor, I felt
sure that the interest centered in the col-
onel himself, and I thought 1 could feel in
my own heart that mixture of the ridicu-
lous and the pathetic, the contest of tears
and laughter, which must have shaken the
bosoms of the family. Their kindness
had continued till the end. It appears they
were privy to his flight, the camlet cloak
had been lined expressly for him, and he
was the bearer of a letter from the daugh-
ter of the house to his own daughter in
Paris. The last evening, when the time
came to say good-night, it was tacitly
known to all that they were to look upon
his face no more. He rose, pleading
fatigue, and turned to the daughter, who
had been his chief ally: “ You will permit
me, my dear—to an old and very unhappy
soldier—and may God bless you for your
goodness! ” The girl threw her arms
about his neck and sobbed upon his
bosom; the lady of the house burst into
tears; “ et je vous le jure, le pire se mou-
chait!" quoth the colonel, twisting his
mustaches with a cavalry air, and at the
same time blinking the water from his eyes
at the mere recollection.

  It was a good thought to me that he had
found these friends in captivity; that he had
started 011 this fatal journey from so cor-
dial a farewell. He had broken his parole
for his daughter; that he should ever live
to reach her sick-bed, that he could con-
tinue to endure to an end the hardships,
the crushing fatigue, the savage cold, of
our pilgrimage, I had early ceased to hope.
I did for him what I was able, nursed him,
kept him covered, watched over his slum-
bers, sometimes held him in my arms at
the rough places of the road. “Champ-
divers,” he once said, “you are like a son
to me—like a son.” And it is good to re-
member, though at the time it put me on
the rack. All was to no purpose. Fast as
we were traveling towards France, he was
traveling faster still and to another des-
tination. Daily he grew weaker and 11101 e

indifferent. An old rustic accent of Lower
Normandy reappeared in his speech, from
which it had long been banished, and grew
stronger; old words of the patois, too:
ouistreham, matrass^, and others, the sense
of which we were sometimes unable to
guess. On the very last day he began
again his eternal story of the cross and
the emperor. The major, who was par-
ticularly ill, or at least particularly cross,
uttered some angry words of protest.

  Pardotinez moi, monsieur le commandant,
mat's c’est pour'monsieur, said the colonel.
“ Monsieur has not yet heard the circum-
stance, and is good enough to feel an in-
terest.” Presently after, however, he
began to lose the thread of his narrative;
and at last: Qut q-ue fail Je m'em-
brouille J ’ ’ says he. “ Suffit: s'm'a la donntf,
et Berthe en etait bien contente. ” It struck
me as the falling of the curtain or the
closing of the sepulchre doors.

  Sure enough, in but a little while after,
he fell into a sleep as gentle as an infant’s,
which insensibly changed into the sleep of
death. I had my arm about his body at
the time, and remarked nothing, unless it
were that he once stretched himself a little,
so kindly the end came to that disastrous
life. It was only at our evening halt that
the major and I discovered we were travel-
ing alone with the poor clay. That night
we stole a spade from afield—I think near
Market Bosworth—and a little farther on,
in a wood of young oak trees and by the
light of King’s lantern, we buried the old
soldier of the Empire with both prayers
and tears.

  We had needs invent Heaven if it had
not been revealed to us; there are some
things that fall so bitterly ill 011 this side
Time! As for the major, I have long
since forgiven him. He broke the news to
the poor colonel’s daughter; I am told he
did it kindly, and sure nobody could have
done it without tears! His share of pur-
gatory will be brief; and in this world, as
I could not very well praise him, I have
suppressed his name. The colonel’s also,
for the sake of his parole. Requie~;ant.

CHAPTER XV.

THE ADVENTURE OF THE ATTORNEY’S
CLERK.

 I have mentioned our usual course,
which was to eat in inconsiderable wayside
hostelries, known to King. It was a dan-
gerous business: we went daily under fire
ST. IVES.

to satisfy our appetite, and put our head in
the lion’s mouth for a piece of bread.
Sometimes, to minimize the risk, we would
all dismount before we came in view of the
house, straggle in severally, and give what
orders we pleased, like disconnected
strangers. In like manner we departed,
to find the cart at an appointed place,
some half a mile beyond. The colonel and
the major had each a word or two of Eng-
lish—help their pronunciation! But they
did well enough to order a rasher and a
pot or call a reckoning; and to say the
truth, these country folks did not give
themselves the pains, and had scarce the
knowledge, to be critical.

  About nine or ten at night the pains of
hunger and cold drove us to an alehouse in
the flats of Bedfordshire, not far from Bed-
ford itself. In the inn kitchen was a long,
lean, characteristic-looking fellow of per-
haps forty, dressed in black. He sat on a
settle by the fireside, smoking a long pipe,
such as they call a yard of clay. His hat
and wig were hanged upon the knob behind
him, his head as bald as a bladder of lard,
and his expression very shrewd, cantan-
kerous, and inquisitive. He seemed to
value himself above his company, to give
himself the airs of a man of the world
among that rustic herd; which was often
no more than his due, being, as I after-
wards discovered, an attorney’s clerk. I
took upon myself the more ungrateful part
of arriving last; and by the time I entered
on the scene, the major was already
served at aside table. Some general con-
versation must have passed, and I smelled
danger in the air. The major looked
flustered, the attorney’s clerk triumphant,
and the three or four peasants in smock-
frocks (who sat about the fire to play
chorus) had let their pipes go out.

  “ Give you good evening, sir! ” said the
attorney’s clerk to me.

  “ The same to you, sir,” said I.

  “I think this one will do,” quoth the
clerk to the yokels with a wink; and then,
as soon as I had given my order, “ Pray,
sir, whither are you bound ? ” he added.

  “ Sir,” said I, “I am not one of those
who speak either of their business or their
destination in houses of public entertain-
ment.”

  “A good answer,” said he, “and an
excellent principle. Sir, do you speak
French? ”

  “ Why, no, sir,” said I. “A little Span-
ish at your service.”

  “ But you know the French accent, per-
haps ? ” said the clerk.

  “Well do I do that!” said I. “ The
French accent ? Why, I believe I can tell
a Frenchman in ten words.”

  “ Here is a puzzle for you, then!” he
said. “ I have no material doubt myself,
but some of these gentlemen are more
backward. The lack of education, you
know. 1 make bold to say that a man
cannot walk, cannot hear, and cannot see,
without the blessings of education.”

  He turned to the major, whose food
plainly stuck in his throat.

  “ Now, sir,” pursued the clerk, “ let me
have the pleasure to hear your voice again.
Where are you going, did you say ? ”

  “ Sare, I am go—ing to Lon—don,” said
the major.

  I could have flung my plate at him to be
such an ass and to have so little a gift of
languages where that was the essential.

  “What think ye of that?” said the
clerk. “ Is that French enough ? ”

  “ Well, well ! ” cried I, leaping up like
one who should suddenly perceive an ac-
quaintance, “is this you, Mr. Dubois?
Why, who would have dreamed of en-
countering you so far from home ? ” As I
spoke, I shook hands with the major heart-
ily; and turning to our tormentor, “Oh,
sir, you may be perfectly reassured! This
is a very honest fellow, a late neighbor of
mine in the city of Carlisle.”

  I thought the attorney looked put out;
I little knew the man.

  “But he is French,” said he, “for all
that ? ”

  “ Ay, to be sure! ” said I. “ A French-
man of the emigration! None of your
Bonaparte lot. I will warrant his views
of politics to be as sound as your own.”

  “ What is a little strange,” said the clerk
quietly, “is that Mr. Dubois should deny
it.”

  I got it fair in the face, and took it smil-
ing; but the shock was rude, and in the
course of the next words I contrived to do
what I have rarely done and make a slip
in my English. I kept my liberty and
life by my proficiency all these months,
and for once that I failed it is not to be
supposed that I would make a public exhi-
bition of the details. Enough that it was
a very little error, and one that might have
passed ninety-nine times in a hundred.
But my limb of the law was as swift to
pick it up as though he had been by trade
a master of languages.

  “ Aha! ” cries he; “ and you are French,
too! You tongue bewrays you. Two
Frenchmen coming into an alehouse, sev-
erally and accidentally, not knowing each
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.

79'

other, at ten of the clock at night, in the
middle of Bedfordshire? No, sir, that
shall not pass! You are all prisoners
escaping, if you are nothing worse. Con-
sider yourselves under arrest. I have to
trouble you for your papers.”

  “ Where is your warrant, if you come to
that?” said I. “My papers! A likely
thing that I would show my papers on the
ipse dixit of an unknown fellow in a hedge
alehouse! ”

  “ Would you resist the law ? ” says he.

  “ Not the law, sir,” said I. “ I hope I
am too good a subject for that. But fora
nameless fellow with a bald head and a
pair of gingham small-clothes, why, cer-
tainly! ’Tis my birthright as an English-
man. Where’s Magna Charta, else?”

  “ We will see about that,” says he; and
then, addressing the assistants, “Where
does the constable live ? ”

  “ Lord love you, sir! ” cried the land-
lord, “what are you thinking of? The
constable at past ten at night! Why, he’s
abed and asleep, and good and drunk two
hours agone! ”

  “ Ah, that a’ be! ” came in chorus from
the yokels.

  The attorney’s clerk was put to a stand.
He could not think of force; there was
little sign of martial ardor about the land-
lord, and the peasants were indifferent—
they only listened, and gaped, and now
scratched a head, and now would get a light
to their pipe from the embers on the
hearth. On the other hand, the major
and I put a bold front on the business and
defied him, not without some ground of
law. In this state of matters he proposed
I should go along with him to one Squire
Merton, a great man of the neighbor-
hood, who was in the commission of the
peace, and the end of his avenue but
three lanes away. I told him I would not
stir a foot for him if it were to save his
soul. Next he proposed that I should
stay all night where I was, and the con-
stable could see to my affair in the morn-
ing, when he was sober. I replied I
should go when and where I pleased; that
we were lawful travelers in the fear of
God and the king, and I for one would
suffer myself to be stayed by nobody. At
the same time, I was thinking the matter
had lasted altogether too long, and I de-
termined to bring it to an end at once.

  “ See here,” said I, getting up, for till
now I had remained carelessly seated,
“ there’s only one way to decide a thing
like this—only one way that’s right Eng-
lish—and that’s man to man. Take off

your coat, sir, and these gentlemen shall
see fair play.”

  At this there came a look in his eye that
I could not mistake. His education had
been neglected in one essential and emi-
nently British particular: he could not
box. No more could I, you may say; but
then I had the more impudence—and I had
made the proposal.

  “ He says I’m no Englishman, but the
proof of the pudding is the eating of it,”
1 continued. And here I stripped my coat
and fell into the proper attitude, which
was just about all I knew of this barba-
rian art. “Why, sir, you seem to me to
hang back a little,” said I. “Come, I’ll
meet you; I’ll give you an appetizer—
though hang me if I can understand the
man that wants any enticement to hold up
his hands.” I drew a bank-note out of
my fob and tossed it to the landlord.
“There are the stakes,” said I. “I’ll
fight you for first blood, since you seem to
make so much work about it. If you tap
my claret first, there are five guineas for
you, and I’ll go with you to any squire
you choose to mention. If I tap yours,
you’ll perhaps let on that I’m the better
man. and allow me to go about my lawful
business at my own time and convenience.
Is that fair, my lads?” says I, appealing
to the company.

  “ Ay, ay,” said the chorus of chawba-
cons; “ he can’t say no fairer nor that,
he can’t. Take thy coat off, master! ”
The limb of the law was now on the
wrong side of public opinion, and, what
heartened me to go on, the position was
rapidly changing in our favor. Already
the major was paying his shot to the very
indifferent landlord, and I could see the
white face of King at the back door, mak-
ing signals of haste.

  “ Oho! ” quoth my enemy, “ you are as
full of doubles as a fox, are you not ? But
I see through you; I see through and
through you. You would change the
venue, would you ? ”

  “ I may be transparent, sir,” says I,
“ but if you’ll do me the favor to stand
tip, you’ll find I can hit pretty hard.”

  “ Which is a point, if you will observe,
that I have never called in question,” said
he. “Why, you ignorant clowns,” he
proceeded, addressing the company,
“ can’t you see the fellow is gulling you
before your eves ? Can’t you see that he’s
changed the point upon me ? 1 say he’s a
French prisoner, and he answers that he
can box! What has that to do with it ? I
would not wonder but what he can dance,
792

ANDREW JACKSON AT HOME.

too — they’re all dancing-masters over
there. I say, and I stick to it, that he’s a
Frenchy. He says he isn’t. Well, then,
let him out with his papers, if he has
them! If he had, would he not show
them ? If he had, would he not jump at
the idea of going to Squire Merton, a man
you all know ? Now, you’re all plain,
straightforward Bedfordshire men, and 1
wouldn’t ask a better lot to appeal to.
You’re not the kind to be talked over with
any French gammon, and he’s plenty of
that. But let me tell him, he can take his
pigs to another market; they’ll never do
here; they’ll never go down in Bedford-
shire. Why, look at the man! Look at
his feet! Has anybody got a foot in the
room like that ? See how he stands! l)o
any of you fellows stand like that ? Does
the landlord, there ? Why, he has French-
man wrote all over him, as big as a sign-
post! ”

  This was all very well; and in a differ-
ent scene I might even have been gratified
by his remarks; but I saw clearly, if I were
to allow him to talk, he might turn the
tables on me altogether. He might not
be much of a hand at boxing; but I was
much mistaken or he had studied forensic

eloquence in a good school. In this pre-
dicament, I could think of nothing more
ingenious than to burst out of the house,
under the pretext of an ungovernable rage.
It was certainly not very ingenious—it was
elementary; but I had no choice.

  “ You white-livered dog! ” I broke out.
“ Do you dare to tell me you’re an Eng-
lishman, and won’t fight ? But I’ll stand
no more of this! I’ll leave this place,
where I’ve been insulted! Here! what’s
to pay ? Bay yourself! ” I went on, offer-
ing the landlord a handful of silver, “ and
give me back my bank-note! ”

  The landlord, following his usual policy
of obliging everybody, offered no opposi-
tion to my design. The position of my
adversary was now thoroughly bad. He
had lost my two companions. He was on
the point of losing me also. There was
plainly no hope of arousing the company
to help; and, watching him with a corner
of my eye, I saw him hesitate for a mo-
ment. The next he had taken down his
hat and his wig, which was of black horse-
hair; and I saw him draw from behind the
settle a vast hooded great-coat and a small
valise. “ Is the rascal,” thought I, “ going
to follow me ? ”

(To be continued.')

 ANDREW JACKSON AT HOME.

REMINISCENCES BY HIS GRANDDAUGHTER RACHEL JACKSON

 LAWRENCE.

I WAS near thirteen years of age when
my grandfather died, and, having lived
those years under his roof, our association
was much closer than, and very different
from, that common between grandfather
and granddaughter. Apart from this, I
was bound to him by the closer tie of being
named for his beloved wife Rachel.

  General Jackson was warmly attached
to many of his wife’s relatives and con-
nections. Having no children of his own,
he legally adopted his wife’s nephew, when
only three days old, taking him to the
Hermitage, and naming him Andrew Jack-
son, his son and heir. He ever felt for
this son the most devoted attachment, and
he was his only solace after the death of
his wife. As a young man, twenty-one
years of age, he accompanied his father to
the White House in 1829, and in the fall of
1831 married Miss Sarah Yorke of Phila-

delphia, and brought her, a lovely bride,
as a daughter to General Jackson, who
welcomed her with the tenderest affection.
With him there at the White House until the
early spring of 1837, this son and daugh-
ter, with two grandchildren, Rachel and
Andrew, constituted General Jackson’s
little family, and with him returned to the
Hermitage at the close of his presidency.

  I remember the journey perfectly, al-
though only five years of age. General
Jackson and my mother occupied the back
seat of the old family coach, and my father
and the general’s physician, Dr. Gwynn,
were on the front seat. My brother and
myself (the two grandchildren, Rachel and
Andrew) were in a chartered stage-coach,
with our colored nurses, faithful Gracie
and Louisa, entrusted to the charge of
Colonel Earl. Major W. B. Lewis and
one or two othe* gentlemen, friends of
ANDREW JACKSON AT HOME.

793

my grandfather, were in the stage also.
The coach was overturned, which caused
great excitement; but, fortunately, no one
was injured. This incident served to im-
press the journey on my memory. There
was a perfect ovation to General Jackson
all along the route. In one town where
we stopped, a wreath of laurel leaves was
brought and placed upon his head. Dur-
ing the journey he gave away one hundred
and fifty silver half-dollars to namesakes,
saying to many of the mothers who pre-
sented their children to him, as he gave
the pieces, “This is'our country’s eagle.
It will do for the little one to cut his teeth
on now, but teach him to love and defend
it.’’ In those days it took nearly a month
to travel from Washington to the Hermit-
age.

  I have mentioned Colonel Earl as being
entrusted with the care of us children on
the homeward journey. He was the artist
who painted so many portraits of General
Jackson. He had married a niece of Mrs.
Jackson, and was a warm admirer and de-
voted friend of General Jackson, and he
was in every respect worthy of the great
attachment my grandfather and all our
family had for him. He lived but a few
months after our return to the Hermitage.

  He was ill only a few hours, and died at
dawn. I believe he had been out too
much in the hot sun, engaged in laying off
the lawn in front of the Hermitage. My
mother suggested it, and he drew the plan
in the shape of a guitar. He also drew
the plan for flower beds in the center of
the garden and around Mrs. Jackson’s
tomb; in all of which grandfather took
great interest and was constantly present.
The large cedar trees that now form an
avenue from the Hermitage to the front
gate and around all the walks and drives,
were set out then.

  1 have a small portrait by Colonel Earl,
taken at Washington in the spring of
1837. Grandfather is standing on the back
porch of the White House, with cane in
hand, and his hat on a chair near by. His
military cloak is thrown across his shoul-
ders. My brother, Colonel Jackson, has
a portrait by Colonel Earl of General
Jackson in uniform, on his old white
horse, “Sam Patch.’’ I always admired
that picture very much. It recalls such
delightful associations and remembrances.
It was 011 this old horse, after our return
from Washington, that my grandfather
took me, every morning after breakfast,
and rode around the farm to seethe stock.
He would stop and talk awhile with old

Dunwoody, at the negro’s cabin, about
the colts; then to the fields, where the ser-
vants were at work picking out cotton;
and as soon as he came up and spoke to
them, always kindly and gently, they would
give three loud cheers for “old master.”
At first I rode before him, but when larger
I rode behind him. When the old horse
died at the Hermitage, he was buried there
with military honors.

  Although none of General Jackson’s
blood flows in my veins, he is in my heart,
and ever will be, my revered and beloved
grandfather. Sweet memories of his lov-
ing kindness rise up constantly before
me. Especially do I love to think of him
as he appeared at night. After he had
conducted family prayers—first reading a
chapter from the Bible, then giving out a
hymn, two lines at a time, which all joined
in singing, and then kneeling in prayer—we
went into my mother’s room, adjoining his,
while my father, with the general’s old
servant, George, who always slept in his
room, assisted him to bed. Then my
mother and I would go into his room to
bid him good-night. His bedstead was
very high, with tall, solid mahogany posts.
Three steps covered with carpet stood
alongside, and, as I stood on the top, and,
on tip-toe, leaned over to kiss him, he
would place his hand most tenderly on my
head as he kissed me, saying, “ Bless my
baby, bless my little Rachel. Good-
night.” I turned away from him always
impressed with his tenderness and love for
me.

  He grew very feeble toward the end of
his days, although he would walk several
times up and down the long porch every
afternoon, with his tall ebony cane in his
right hand, and my mother, his beloved
daughter-in-law, on his left. I can hear
now in my imagination the ring of his
cane as it struck the stone flagging. Just
before sunset he always walked alone to
the tomb of his wife in the garden at the
Hermitage.

  At last the end came, and that great and
wonderful man’s spirit left earth for
heaven. I returned from school Friday
evening, and he died on Sunday, June 8th,
at a little past six o’clock in the evening.
We were all around him, and the evening’s
sun-ravs shone in the windows, illuminating
the sad room. My father had his arm
about him, supporting his head, while
faithful George held the pillows behind his
back. My mother stood next, holding his
hand, and her sister, Aunt Adams, next to
her. Our family physician, Dr. Esselman,
794

ANDREW JACKSON AT HOME.

was there. I stood at the foot of grand-
father’s bed, an old-fashioned one without
any foot-board, with my hand near his
feet, but looking intently into his face,
with the only anguish my child’s heart had
ever felt or known. I noticed the slight-
est tremor pass to his feet; but did not
understand it until Dr. Esselman said, “ All
is over.” He had taken leave of us shortly
before, calmly and affectionately. His
last consecutive words were, “ My dear
children and friends and servants, I hope
and trust to meet you all in heaven, both
white and black,” looking at all with the
tenderest solicitude. He ceased to speak,
but fixed his eyes intently on me, and
looked, Dr. Esselman said, as though he
was invoking the choicest blessing of
heaven to rest upon me, the namesake of
his cherished wife.

  As showing the nature of General Jack-
son’s heart and the fine quality of his love
better than any words of mine can possibly
do, I will add here some passages from his
letters written to my mother at intervals
when she was separated from him. Often
at night, when his labors and duties for-
bade the leisure in the day time, he would
write ; he could not sleep without first
writing at least a few lines to her.

  April 23, 1832.—“ I have this moment
rec’d your kind, affectionate letter from
Wheeling. It was a balm to my anxious
mind, for I began to fear that some acci-
dent must have happened and your silence
was lest the information might give me
pain. I rejoice at your safe arrival at
Wheeling, and I hope soon to hear of your
safe arrival at the Hermitage. I am truly
glad to hear that Andrew has got safely
on his fine dog. I was uneasy, as I knew
his anxiety to have him lest he might be
lost on the way. A dog is one of the
most affectionate of all the animal species,
and is worthy of regard, and Andrew’s
attachment for his dog is an evidence of
the goodness of his heart. You must
write me when you reach the Hermitage,
on the farm, the garden, the colts, etc.,
how the servants are, and how clothed and
fed, and, my dear Sarah, drop a kind tear
over the tomb of my dear wife in the gar-
den for me.”

  July 11, 1832.—“ I regret to learn that
Andrew has been sick. I am fearful he

has exposed himself to some dissipation,
hunting or fishing. You must control
him, by your affectionate admonitions,
from everything that may injure his health.
My health is not good. My labor has been
too great. I send you enclosed my veto
of the bank bill. It has given me much
labor. It was delivered to me on the 4th
instant, and my message delivered at 10
o’clock a.m. yesterday. With my sincere
prayer to an over-ruling Providence that
He may take you all under His holy keep-
ing and bless you with health and content-
ment, believe me your affectionate father.
P. S.—Present me to all my servants, and
tell them I send my prayers for their health
and happiness.”

  July 17, 1832.—“ Congress rose yester-
day, and in a few days I shall set out on
my way to the Hermitage, where, if health
permit, I hope to reach by the 10th or
12th of next month. I rejoice to hear of
your health and that of my son and the
family, but regret to find your alarm about
the cholera. This is not right, my dear
child. We ought not to fear death; we
know we have all to die, and we ought to
live to learn to die well. The cholera is
said to be here at Gadsby’s. 'Phis I don’t
believe ; still it may be true, and I feel
myself just as safe as [if] it was 1,000
miles distance, for whenever Providence
wills it death must come.”

  December 22, 1833.—“ I wish you and
Andrew and my dear little pet Rachel the
joys of the season. This I shall ever be
deprived of, for on this night five years
gone by I was bereaved of my dear wife,
and with that bereavement forever after
the joys of Christmas in a temporal sense.”
September 6,1833.—“ 1 have had a contin-
ual headache until yesterday evening since
you left. Am now clear of it. You have
not said when you will leave for Washing-
ton. I am anxious to see my dear little
ones. I appeared to be lost for some time
not hearing Andrew in the night, until
Mrs. Call, with her child, arrived and I
put Mary in your room, whose little one,
about the same hour in the night, wakes
as Andrew did and appears to be company
to me. I do not wish to hurry you, my
dear Sarah, but only to say, I would, when
it meets your convenience, be glad to see
you all home.”
LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

    Born in Wax haw, Carolina, March /j', 7767.	at the Hermitage, Tennessee, <?,

WITII INTRODUCTION AND NOTES BY CHARLES HENRY HART.

   NDREW JACKSON, seventh Presi- which two generations ago belonged to

dent of the United States, began his	Jonathan Hunt. Two years later Samuel

public career when a boy of thirteen, by	L. Waldo painted a portrait of Jackson,

falling into the hands of the British. At	“ wholly in the presence of the sitter,”

twenty-one he was public prosecutor for	which is owned by Mr. John M. Hoe of

the district which was formed into Ten-	New York. From it he painted a whole-

nessee, and was the first and only Member	length, now in the Custom House, New

of Congress from Tennessee 1796-97;	Orleans.

United States Senator 1797-98; Justice of	John Vanderlyn, whose picture of

the Supreme Court of Tennessee 1798-	Ariadne is the finest nude painting yet pro-

1804; defeated the Creek Indians in 1813	duced by an American artist, painted a

and 1814; captured Pensacola from the	whole-length portrait of Jackson for the

English in 1814; defeated the English at	corporation of New York, which hangs in

New Orleans, January 8, 1815 ; commanded	the City Hall. A replica belongs to the

against the Seminoles 1817-18; was ap-	city of Charleston, South Carolina,

pointed Governor of Florida in 1821; was	Anna Claypoole Peale accompanied her

United States Senator from Tennessee	uncle, Charles Willson Peale, to Washing-

1823-25; and was President of the United	ton, where she painted a miniature of Gen-

States from March 4, 1829, to March 4,	eral Jackson which was exhibited at the

1837.	Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in

  Of the early presidents, Jackson’s por-	May, 1819; and the following year, at the

trait is the most familiar next to Washing-	same place, William Birch, who was the

ton’s. Yet the original portraits of him	first enameler, in every sense, in this coun-

have been the most difficult to find of any	try, exhibited an enamel of Jackson,

in the present series. The first that we	C. B. King painted a portrait of Jack-

have is a crude miniature at twenty-nine,	son in 1822; and Joseph Wood, justly dis-

The next is of unusual historical and per-	tinguished for his miniatures and small

sonal interest. It was painted immediately	cabinet portraits on panel, painted the

after the victory at New Orleans, when	well-known portrait of Jackson in military

Jackson was forty-eight years of age, and	cloak, with hair flowing, which was first

was sent by him, on the eve of his departure	engraved for Eaton’s campaign life of

from that city, to Edward Livingston, in	Jackson, issued in 1824.

whose family it is preserved, framed with	On September 23, 1829, James Barton

the autograph note that accompanied it, as	Longacre drew a portrait of Jackson from

a treasured heirloom. Being a miniature,	life which he engraved and published in

it discounts at least a decade from Jack-	the “ National Portrait Gallery of Distin-

son’s appearance. It was painted by Jean	guished Americans.” From its fine char-

Frangois Vallee. There are also repro-	acterization this has become a stand-

duced here original portraits by Charles	ard portrait of Jackson, and Longacre

Willson Peale in 1819, by Ralph E. W.	painted a number of small miniatures from

Earl in 1828, 1830, and 1835; by Joel	it for breastpins. Longacre made a second

Tanner Hart in 1838, and by Dan Adams	drawing about the same time, in which

and by George Peter Alexander Healy in	Jackson is represented with a white collar,

1845.	instead of the stiff black stock shown in

  Jackson was a much painted man; but	the first. This portrait has not been

many of these portraits are now known only	reproduced. It is owned by the artist’s

through prints, the original paintings hav-	daughter, Mrs. Horatio C. Wood of Phila-

ing escaped discovery. John Wesley Jar-	delphia.

vis, who was constantly flitting between	William J. Hubard, who was born in

New York and New Orleans, painted a	England and was killed by the explosion

military bust portrait of Jackson in 1815,	of a shell in Richmond, Virginia, in 1862,

795
LIFE POE TEA ITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

painted in 1830 a thoroughly characteristic
whole-length portrait in cabinet size of
General Jackson. It was done for Colonel
C. G. Childs of Philadelphia, who had it
drawn on stone by the deaf and dumb artist,
Albert Newsam. Jackson is represented
full front, seated, with his hands clasped
over his knees. In the same year, 1830,
August Hervieu, a French artist, who came
to this country in company with Mrs.
Trollope, and iater designed the illustra-
tions for her “ Domestic Manners of the
Americans,” in one of which he depicts
Jackson on horseback, painted a whole-
length, life-size military portrait of Jack-
son, which is now in the Redwood Library,
Newport, Rhode Island. It is signed and
dated, but is worthy of mention only
because it exists. .

  Hoppner Meyer, a nephew of the cele-
brated John Hoppner, visited this country,
and painted a miniature of Jackson wear-
ing spectacles, which was presented to the
President, New Year’s Day, 1833. The
next day General Jackson sent it to his
daughter-in-law, writing, “ Having rec’d
the within as a New Year’s gift, I enclose
it to you, having nothing better which I
can convey by mail.” It now belongs to
Mrs. Rachel Jackson Lawrence, and has
been engraved.

  The distinguished landscape painter
Asher Brown Durand, who was “easily
first among American engravers and the
peer of any of his European contempora-
ries,” before he forsook the graver for the
brush, went to Washington in the winter
of 1835 t0 paint a portrait of General Jack-
son for Mr. Lauman Reed, an early and
intelligent encourager of American art.
Mr. Reed presented the portrait to the
Museum at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
Afterwards it was transferred to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Maryland A
replica is in the rooms of the New York
Historical Society.

  A miniature of General Jackson, signed
“ S. M. Charles, 1836,” is owned by Colo-
nel Wright Rives, U. S. A. Another was
painted in 1839 by Miner K. Kellogg of
Cincinnati, which now belongs to the
artist’s widow, Olive Logan. Yet another
was painted at the Hermitage in 1842, by
John W. Dodge of New York. This was
skilfully engraved by M. I. Danforth, and
published jointly by painter and engraver.
The head from this miniature was used on
the large black two-cent postage stamp
issued in 1863. This stamp became the
means of extensive swindling through the
medium of newspaper advertisements offer-

ing “ a fine steel engraving of Andrew
Jackson for twenty-five cents.”

  America’s first native-born sculptor,
William Rush, exhibited a bust of Jackson
in 1824 at the Pennsylvania Academy of
the Fine Arts. John Frazee also modeled
Jackson, and busts of him by Hiram
Powers are owned by Colonel Andrew
Jackson and the Metropolitan Museum of
Art. There are portraits of Jackson in the
State Capitols at Nashville, Tennessee, and
Atlanta, Georgia. There is also a portrait
in the possession of the Tennessee Histor-
ical Society. Most of these are whole-
lengths, but it is impossible to ascertain
anything authentic concerning them.

  General Jackson had light blue eyes and
sandy hair. His form and figure were
easily caricatured, and some of the most
distinguishing and life-like portraits of him
are to be found in the caricatures which
were produced in extraordinary numbers
during the period of his presidential can-
didacies and administrations. An English
traveler of the time says, “ General Jack-
son is tall, bony, and thin, with an erect
military bearing, and a head set with a
considerable jicrtt upon his shoulders. A
stranger would at once pronounce upon
his profession, and his frame and features,
voice and action, have a natural and most
peculiar warlikeness. He has, not to speak
disrespectfully, a game cock all over him.
His face is unlike any other. Its prevail-
ing expression is energy; but there is, so
to speak, a lofty honorableness in its worn
lines. His eye is of a dangerous fixedness,
deep-set, and overhung by bushy gray eye-
brows. His features long, with strong
ridgy lines running through his cheeks.
His forehead a good deal seamed, and his
white hair stiff and wiry, brushed obsti-
nately back.”

  There is but one original portrait from
life of General Jackson’s wife. It is a
miniature painted in 1819 by Miss Anna
C. Peale, and is reproduced herewith. The
noted episode of Jackson’s marriage to
Rachel Donelson, the wife of Lewis Rob-
arts, upon the false report of her being
divorced, was the source of some of his
most bitter quarrels with political oppo-
nents. Mrs. Jackson was born in North
Carolina in the year of Jackson’s own
birth, and died at the Hermitage, Decem-
ber 22, 1828. Jackson’s devotion to her
and to her memory is matter of history.
It is emphasized in the note to her minia-
ture and also in the reminiscences of him
by his granddaughter, published in this
number of McClure’s.
LIFE PORT AITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

■———-—-----mrr-; --r-

                 &

                                                     ■AeO £■*-■*,

[ y sTszs^._o_

ANDREW JACKSON IN 1815. AGE 48. PAINTED BY VAI.I.f-E.

    From the original miniature by Jean Franfois Valine, owned by Miss Louise Livingston Hunt, Parry-
town. New York. Ivory, 2| by 3 inches. Valine was the artist of the profile of Washington reproduced in
McClure’s Magazine for February (page 303). As his name indicates, he was a Frenchman, and it is
amusing to note how thoroughly he has imbued this portrait of Jackson with the Napoleonic feeling ; just
as Stuart gave to so many of Washington’s contemporaries Washington’s cast of countenance. The epoch
of this portrait makes it of great interest, which is enhanced by its history. It was painted in New Orleans,
shortly after the battle of January 8, 1815, and was presented by Jackson to Edward Livingston. During
the second war with England, Edward Livingston, the distinguished jurist and author of the Louisiana
code, served as aide to Jackson, who commanded the United States troops in the southwest. He is said to
have acted as his “aid-de-camp, military secretary, interpreter, orator, spokesman, and confidential adviser
upon all subjects.” It is not remarkable, then, that before leaving New Orleans, which was Livingston’s
home, Jackson should have had his portrait painted to present to Livingston. The autograph note that
accompanied the miniature is here reproduced with it in facsimile.
LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

ANDREW JACKSON IN 1819. AGE 52. PAINTED BV C. VV. PEALE.

    From the original portrait painted by Charles Willson Peale; now in the possession of Mr. Stan V.
Henkels, Philadelphia. Canvas, 23 by 28 inches. Charles Willson Peale was a truly remarkable man, and
in nothing more so than in his virility. At the age of eighty-two he wrote to Commodore Porter, “My
health continues so good as to enable me to pursue my labors of the brush, even without the use of specta-
cles, and 1 may yet hope to raise my name as artist, as well as naturalist, and thus leave a monument of
industry to my country.” This last allusion is to his having abandoned the easel upon his discovery of the
mammoth in i8oj and devoted himself thereafter to natural history, until he resumed art experimentally
upon a visit to Washington, instigated thereto by the pleasure he derived from the work of his son Rem-
brandt. He arrived in Washington November 19, 1818, and remained until January 30, 1819. In this brief
period he painted nineteen portraits for his Museum Gallery, beginning with the President, Monroe, and
ending with Andrew Jackson. January 23d he writes, “ Yesterday General Jackson arrived, and this morn-
ing Colonel Johnson, at my request, spoke to him to obtain his consent to sit. I then waited on him to
make an appointment. He will sit after breakfast to-morrow.” January 24th he writes, “ I have begun a
portrait to-day of General Jackson and he will give me another sitting at sun-rising to-morrow morning. ’
On the 27th he writes, “ To-morrow morning I shall put the finish to General Jackson's portrait.” From
this record it will be seen that the portrait reproduced was painted in three, or not more than four, sittings.
LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

799

ANDREW JACKSON IN T830. AGE 63. PAINTED BY R. E. \\\ EARL.

     From the original portrait painted by Ralph E. W. Earl, in the United
States National Museum, Washington, D. C. Canvas, 30 by 36 inches. Ralph
E. W. Earl was the son of Ralph Earl, who was distinguished as among the
best of the early American artists and painted the portrait of Mrs. Alexander
Hamilton reproduced in McClure’s Magazine for April. The son went to
London in 1809, and during his stay there had the advantage of intercourse
with West and Trumbull. At the end of a year lie went to Norwich, his
mother’s native place, where he painted for four years. In the autumn of
1814 he visited Paris. Toward the close of 1815 he returned to the United
States, and later visited “ the Western country,” to obtain the portrait of
General Jackson for a picture of the Battle of New Orleans which he had in
contemplation. He then took up his residence in Nashville, and in 1818 mar-
ried Miss Caffery, a niece of General Jackson’s wife. She died within a
twelvemonth, at the age of eighteen. Thus was cemented the friendship
that made Earl, upon the death of Mrs. Jackson, a member of the household
at the Hermitage and later at the White House. He died suddenly, Sept. t6,
1837, and is buried in the garden at the Hermitage.—The portrait of 1828 is
jackson in 1828. age 61. earl. owned by Colonel Andrew Jackson, Cincinnati, Ohio. Canvas, 25 by 30 inches.
Boo

LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

ANIJKRW JACKSON IN 1835. AGE 68. 1‘AINTKI) BY EARL.

   From the original portrait painted by R. E. W. Earl and owned by Mr. William H. Frear. Troy, New York.
Canvas. 22 by 28 inches. Parton says that Earl “resided at the White House during the whole period of Jack-
son's occupation of it, engaged always in painting the President's portraitand adds: " It was well understood
by the seekers of presidential favor that it did no harm to order a portrait of (leneral Jackson from this artist, who
was facetiously named 'the King’s painter.’ ” Earl did paint an enormous number of portraits of Jackson, but the
majority of them are clearly copies one of another with changes in costume and surroundings. The most interest-
ing is the one here reproduced, which shows Jackson as he walked the streets of Washington, though in the setting
of the Hermitage farm. According to Parton it was painted for "a successful politician,” who by an inscription
on the canvas seems to have been “ W. C. H. Waddell.”
LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

80
802

LIFE FOE TEA ITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.

ANDREW JACKSON IN 1845. AGE 78. PAINTED BY HEALY.

    From the original portrait painted by G. P. A. Healy and owned by Colonel Andrew Jackson. Cin-
cinnati, Ohio. Canvas, 20 by 24 inches. George Peter Alexander Healy was born in Boston, Massa-
chusetts, July x5, 1813, and died in Chicago, Illinois, June 14, 1895. In 1836 he went to Paris, where he
lived off and on for the best part of his life; but his American home was in Chicago. His industry
and facility of execution were marvelous; the portraits he painted number many hundreds. For
years he was the fashionable painter of Americans, whether at home or abroad, owing chiefly, no doubt,
to his employment by Louis Philippe to furnish pictures for Versailles. His success was phenomenal,
considering the low merit of his art. His work is thoroughly artificial. It lacks simplicity and
refinement, effects being sought by theatrical posing and exaggerations. Healy was a charming com-
panion, and published late in life a volume of " Reminiscences ” which is readable but not reliable,
a condition commonly attending the recording from memory of events that happened long before.
He gives in this book considerable space to the incidents connected with the painting of the portrait
of Jackson here reproduced, which was begun May 1,1845, and was completed May 30th, only a few
days before the general’s death, the painter being still at the Hermitage when Jackson died. Hut sev-
eral of Healy’s statements in this connection are erroneous, such as that the "original portrait” is in
the Corcoran Art Gallery, and that he painted a second portrait of Jackson from life. The Corcoran
Gallery picture is a replica, a very interesting illustration of the marked differences and distinctions
between original pictures, replicas, and copies; while the second portrait painted by Healy at the Her-
mitage was a composite picture, made from the portraits by Earl and his own just completed, because
he wanted a portrait of Jackson in his prime for Versailles. Healy’s account of Jackson’s declaring
that “ not for all the kings in Christendom " would he sit and that he wanted to die in peace, and then
of his affectionately yielding to the solicitation of his beloved daughter-in-law, together with the account
of the death-bed scene, shows how “Old Hickory’s” temperament and characteristics remained the
same to the last.
LIFE PORTRAITS OF ANDREW JACKSON.	803

ANDREW JACKSON IN 1845. AGE 78. BY ADAMS.

    From the original daguerreotype by Dan Adams of Nashville, Tennessee, now owned by Colonel Andrew Jackson of
Cincinnati. Size, «i inches by j of an inch, with the head but one-quarter of an inch in diameter, Enlargement by Charles
Truscott of Philadelphia. This daguerreotype was taken in Jackson’s bedroom at the Hermitage, on April 15, 1845,
when the general was very weak and his whole body much swollen from dropsy. His granddaughter Mrs. Rachel Jack-
son Lawrence writes, “ I have a vivid recollection of the arrangement for taking this likeness, in which I was greatly
interested. He was much opposed to having it taken and was very feeble at the time. I still have the old plates of some
earlier daguerreotypes, but they are entirely faded out." This is without doubt the most important portrait of Jackson in
existence. There is a living human interest excited in looking upon a man's reflected image that no Rembrandt, Reynolds,
or Stuart can arouse. The daguerreotype is as near to the living man as we can get. Not even the sensitive paper of the
photographic negative intervenes.—Owing to the intended reproduction of the whole-length of Jackson by Thomas Sully
in the Corcoran Art Gallery and its withdrawal on finding it a copy dated 1845, instead of an original dated 1825, as pub-
lished by the Gallery, no mention will be found here of Sully’s life portraits of Jackson.
804

MRS. ANDREW JACKSON.

MRS. ANDREW JACKSON IN 1819. AGE 52. PAINTED BY ANNA C. PEAI.E,

    Reproduced full size from the original miniature on ivory, painted by Anna Claypoole Peale and owned by Mrs.
Rachel Jackson Lawrence, Old Hickory, Tennessee. Anna Claypoole Peale was born in Philadelphia, March 6, 1791, and
died there December 25, 1878. She was the daughter of James Peale, the youngest brother of Charles Willson Peale, who
wa6 one of the best miniature painters this country has produced. Her maternal grandfather was James Claypoole, a
limner of colonial days in the middle colonies, whose artistic ability is only known through his good training of his
nephew Matthew Pratt, whose important picture of West's Studio is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Thus Anna
Peale's artistic temperament was a double inheritance, and she painted miniatures very acceptably. She married first the
Rev. Dr. William Staughton, and second General William Duncan, and is known in the art world by all three names,
without the fact that the three belong to the same person being so generally known. She accompanied her uncle to
Washington, as noted on page 795, and at this time painted portraits on ivory of both General and Mrs. Jackson, the latter
in the costume she had worn at the ball given to General Jackson in New Orleans before his departure after the victory
of the eighth of January. N. P. Trist, who became Jackson’s private secretary early in the presidency, tells of going to
the general’s room one night after he had retired, and says: “ I found Jackson sitting at a little table with his wife’s
miniature, a very large one, before him, propped up against some books, and between him and the picture an open book
which bore the mark of long use. This book was her Prayer-Book. The miniature he always wore next to his heart, sus-
pended around his neck by a strong black cord. The last thing he did every night before lying down to rest, was to read
in that book with that picture before his eye." Mrs. Lawrence writes, “The miniature of Mrs. Rachel Jackson in my
possession is of peculiar interest to me, from its having been so highly prized by my grandfather, so constantly worn by
him, and the circumstances of its presentation by him to me. Early on Monday morning, June 2, 1845, as * was ready to
leave the Hermitage for school in Nashville, I went to his room, as usual, to kiss and bid him good-by. He drew me
nearer to him and said, 1 Wait a moment, my baby,’ his fond pet name for me. and taking this miniature from his vest
pocket and the guard from around his neck, he put it around mine, and handed me the miniature. After looking at it a
few moments, he said, ‘ Wear it, my baby, for Grandpa’s sake. God bless you, my little Rachel.’ ”
GRANT IN A GREAT CAMPAIGN.

THE INVESTMENT AND CAPTURE OF VICKSBURG.

 By Hamlin Garland,

  Author of “ Main-travelled Roads,” “ Prairie Folks,” etc.

r|''HE battle of Shiloh was a great vrc-
-*• tory, but it did not ring over the
North with the same joyous clamor which
followed upon Donelson. The holiday ele-
ment had passed out of the war. There
was an end of talk about “ the boastful
Southron.” It was apparent that he
could fight under leadership such as he had
in Albert Sidney Johnston. The desola-
tion of homes was terrible. Long lists of
the dead filled the newspapers, and long
trains wound and jolted their slow way to
the North and to the South, carrying the
wounded to their homes.

  The nation wasappalled, and, naturally,
a large part of the bitterness and hate of
war fell upon Grant. He had risen so
suddenly to national fame that his private
life and character were dark with mystery.
Few knew how kind and gentle he really
was, and a tumult of abuse arose. He
was execrated as a man careless of human
lives. He was accused of negligence and
drunkenness, and of being unjustifiably
off the field of battle. Great pressure was
at once brought to bear on the Pesident to
have him relieved from duty. Lincoln
listened patiently to all that men had to
say pro and con; then, with a long sigh,
he said: “ I can’t spare Grant; he fights! ”

  General Halleck, “cautiously energetic
one,” now took the field in person, and
Grant became for the time little more than
a spectator. Though nominally second
in command, he had, in reality, almost no
command at all. He was forced to trail
after Halleck in the most humiliating of
positions. Every suggestion he made to
his chief was treated with contempt. The
staff officers, taking their cue from Hal-
leck, turned their backs when he came
near. Orders to his troops were sent over
his head, and movements were ordered in
his department without consulting him or
even notifying him. These things became
unendurable at last, and in a letter stating
his position, Grant asked to be relieved
from duty altogether, or to have his com-
mand defined.

  To this General Halleck replied in dip-
lomatic and soothing words, saying:
“ You have precisely the position to which
your rank entitles you,” and disclaimed
any attempt to injure Grant’s feelings.

  For six weeks, in hesitating timidity,
General Halleck held his immense host in
check before a retreating foe. When the
truth could no longer be concealed, he
ordered an advance on Corinth, and found
an empty city. Lincoln, sorely disap-
pointed with Pope in the Eastern cam-
paign, now looked toward Halleck. Lee
threatened Maryland. A panic set in at
Washington, and on the ioth of July Hal-
leck received an order to proceed to the
capital.

  Thus Grant was once more in command
of his department, but under discouraging
conditions. Buell’s army had returned to
Kentucky, and his own forces were heavily
depleted. During July and August he
could do nothing more than guard his
lines. He held his command but inse-
curely, and felt that he might be removed
at any moment. He was ordered to be
in readiness to reinforce Buell, and had
no freedom of action, though liable at any
time to attack on his attenuated lines.
Through weeks of weary waiting he en-
dured in silence, watching Generals Price
and Van Dorn, and knowing well he had
but inadequate movable force to send
against an enemy. But when the enemy
attacked, in September, he fought skill-
fully, and won the battle of Iuka. A little
later General Van Dorn, seeing the Union
army weakened still further by the trans-
fer of General Thomas to Buell’s com-
mand, assaulted Corinth. Grant’s head-
quarters were at Jackson, Tennessee, at
this time, but he directed the battle, which
was a marked and decisive defeat of the
Confederates. Again, at the first oppor-
tunity, he had cheered the nation with a
victory.

  At this point General John A. McCler-
nand appeared as a disturbing factor. He
had been restive under Grant’s command
8o6

GRANT SEEKS A WAY TO VICKSBURG.

from the first, and soon after the fall of
Corinth he had obtained from President
Lincoln a “confidential” order which
authorized him to proceed to Illinois and
Indiana and raise troops for an expedition
down the Mississippi River to capture
Vicksburg. Grant hearing of this, deter-
mined to give to Sherman the honor of the
capture. He ordered Sherman to attack
the city while he held Pemberton on the
railway. Sherman failed. At the same
time Grant’s immense depot of supplies at
Holly Springs was lost through the cow-
ardice of a subordinate officer. McCler-
nand appeared before Vicksburg, and as-
sumed command over Sherman’s troops.
The desire to save Sherman from subordi-
nation to a man he distrusted, and the de-
struction of his supplies, decided Grant to
take command of the river expedition in
person and make of it his main attack.
Halleck gave him full and complete com-
mand, and extended his department to
cover all the territory he needed west of
the river. Thus with supreme control at
last of all needed territory, troops, and
transportation, lie began his movement on
Vicksburg.

  These discussions and harassments, how-
ever, had wasted golden moments. From
Donelson the army should have marched at
once on Corinth, and on down the valley
upon Vicksburg before it could be rein-
forced or fortified. But instead, the ene-
my had been allowed to fully recuperate
his forces and strengthen his position, and
now a winter of enormous rains was upon
the land. The Northern troops were
mainly raw, and the army unorganized,
and it was February before Grant was
able to put himself personally upon the
spot to see what could be done.

  Now began one of the most extraordi-
nary beleaguerments in the history of war-
fare. Grant had long perceived, as every
thinking soldier had, that Vicksburg was
the gate which shut the Mississippi. It
was of enormous importance to the Con-
federacy. After Columbus and Memphis,
it occupied the only point of high land
close to the river bank for hundreds of
miles. At or near the city of Vicksburg,
and extending some miles to the south, a
line of low hills of glacial drift jutted upon
the river, making the site a natural for-
tress. Upon these heights heavy batter-
ies were planted.

  Another element of great strength was
in the river, which in those days made a
big, graceful curve, in shape like an ox-
bow; so that to run the batteries the

Northern gunboats must pass twice within
range, once on the outer curve and again,
at closer gunshot, on the inner bow. A
third and final and more formidable condi-
tion than all aided to make the siege of
the city hopeless. There was a prodigious
freshet upon the land, and all the low-
lying country, through which the river
flows (at high water) as in a mighty aque-
duct above the level of the farms, was
flooded, and Grant’s soldiers had no place
to pitch their tents save upon the narrow
levees along the river’s edge. No greater
problem of warfare ever faced an American
soldier.

  Grant did not underestimate its difficulty.
Late in January he arrived at Young’s
Point on his steamer “ Magnolia,” and
began to look the ground over. There
were but two ways to attack: from the
north, with the Yazoo River as base of
action; or get below the city and attack
from the south. Grant sent an expedi-
tion at once to explore a passage to the
Yazoo through the bayous of the eastern
bank, and he set to work personally upon
the problem of getting below.

  The difficulties in the way of this plan
were at the moment insurmountable.
Grant could neither march his men down
the western bank nor carry them in boats,
such was the overflow. If he could find
passage for the army and reach a safe point
below Vicksburg, he would still be on the
western shore, and without means to ferry
his troops, and without supplies; and to
every suggestion about running the bat-
teries with transports arose the picture of
those miles of cannon hurling their shells
upon the frail woodwork of the unpro-
tected vessels.

  He set about to find a way through the
bayous to the west, and prodigious things
were done in the way of cutting channels
through the swamps and widening streams
for the passage of gunboats. While this
was going on, he gave attention to a canal
which he found partly excavated upon his
arrival. It had been planned by General
Thomas Williams, and crossed the narrow
neck of land just out of range of the can-
non. It was expected to start a cut-off
which would soon deepen naturally into a
broad stream through which the boats
might pass. Grant, in a letter of the
time, said: “ I consider it of little practi-
cal use if completed;” but he allowed
the work to go on, thinking it better for
the soldiers to be occupied. He had
almost as little faith in the bayou route to
the west. In reality, he had settled upon
EFFORTS FOR GRANT'S REMOVAL.

807

the plan of marching his men overland as
soon as the water subsided, and running
the batteries meanwhile with gunboats and
transports. These weeks of waiting tested
his patience sorely.

  The North, in its anxiety and peril, be-
gan again to grumble, and finally to cry
out. The mutter of criticism swelled to
a roar as February and March went by.
The soldiers were said to be dying like
sheep in the trenches or useless canals.
The cost of keeping such an army idle
was constantly harped upon, and immense
pressure was again brought to bear upon
Lincoln to remove Grant from command.
Disappointed tradesmen, jealous officers,
“Copperheads,” and non-combatants
alike joined in the cry against him. Mc-
Clernand wrote an impassioned letter to
Governor Yates, asking him to join with
the governors of Iowa and Indiana in de-
manding a competent commander. Many
of Grant’s friends deserted him, and
added their voices to the clamor of criti-
cism.

  At last Lincoln himself became so
doubtful of Grant’s character and ability
that he consented to allow the Secretary
of War to send Charles A. Dana (who had
been the managing editor of the New
York “ Tribune,” and was a friend of the
Secretary of War) to the front to report
the condition of the army and study the
whole situation, so that the War Depart-
ment could determine whether Grant was
a man to be trusted. General Lorenzo
Thomas arrived at Commodore Porter’s
headquarters with an order relieving Grant
of his command, if such an order should
be found necessary. Porter told General
Thomas that he would be tarred and feath-
ered if news of the order got abroad. For
various reasons, the order never saw the
light. Hal leek, however, stood manfully
by Grant.

  Grant betrayed his anxiety, but he did
not express doubt or irritation. He knew
he could do the work. He never boasted,
never asked favors, and never answered
charges. When he communicated with
Lincoln or Stanton it was officially.

  His plan was now mature. As soon as
the roads emerged from the water he
intended to run the batteries with gun-
boats and transports, marching his troops
across the land meanwhile to a point below
Vicksburg, and there, by means of the
boats, transport a division across the river
and storm Grand Gulf, the enemy’s first
outpost to the south. Thence, after co-
operating with Banks in the capture of

Port Hudson, it was his purpose to swing
by a mighty half wheel to the rear of
Vicksburg, cutting off supplies from Cen-
tral Mississippi and capturing General
Pemberton’s army.

  He had all to gain and little to lose in
this bold plan, which he first mentioned to
Porter and Sherman. Porter agreed, and
was ready to move; so also was McCler-
nand; but the audacity of the campaign
alarmed the other officers. Sherman did
not believe in it and protested decidedly.*

  The running of the batteries took place
on the 16th of April, and was one of the
most dramatic and splendid actions of the
war. The night was dark and perfectly still
when brave Admiral Porter, on his flag-
ship “ Benton,” dropped soundlessly into
the current. Each boat was protected as
well as possible by bales of cotton, and had
110 lights except small guiding lamps
astern. They were ordered to follow each
other at intervals of twenty minutes.
Grant and his staff occupied a transport
anchored in the middle of the river as far
down as it was safe to go.

  For a little time the silence of the beauti-
ful night remained unbroken. The hush
was painful in its foreboding intensity.
Along the four miles of battery-planted
heights there was no sound or light to
indicate the wakefulness of the gunners, but
they were awake! Suddenly a (lame broke
from one of the lower batteries—a watch-
dog cannon had sounded the warning.
Then a rocket arose in the air with a shriek.
The alarum was taken up, and each grim
monster had his word, and from end to end
of the line of hills, successive rosy Hashes
broke and roar joined roar. Flames leaped
forth, bonfires flared aloft to light the river
and betray the enemy to the gunners.
Then the Union gunboats awoke, and from
their sullenly silent hulks answering light-
ning streamed upward, and the whole fleet
became visible to the awed army and to
the terrified city.

  The sky above the city was red with
the glare of flaming buildings on the hills
and burning boats and bales of cotton 011
the river, and the thunder of guns was
incessant. It seemed as though every
transport would be sunk. But the tumult
died out at last. The gunboats swept on
out of reach. The flames on the land sank
to smoldering coals, and the stillness and

   *	Admiral Porter relates that at a meeting of officers on
board his flagship, the night before the running of the bat-
teries was to lie undertaken, all except himself and Grant
argued against it. Grant listened to all they had to say;
then replied : “ I have considered your arguments, but con-
tinue in the same opinion, lie prepared to move to-morrow
morning.”
8o8

RUNNING THE BATTERIES AT VICKSBURG.

peace of an April night again settled over
the river, and the frogs began timidly to
trill once more in the marshes.

  Porter’s gunboats, almost uninjured,
were now below Vicksburg; Grant’s
mighty host of footmen was ready to fol-
low. On the 20th of April, having been
over the route in person, Grant issued
orders for his army to move. These or-
ders hinted of great things. “ Troops
will be required to bivouac—one tent only
will be allowed to each company. One
wall tent to each brigade headquarters, and
one to each division headquarters.
Commanders are authorized and empow-
ered to collect all beef, cattle, corn, and
other necessary supplies in the line of
march, but wanton destruction of prop-
erty, taking of articles useless for military
purposes, insulting citizens, going into and
searching houses without proper orders
from division commanders, are positively
prohibited. All such irregularities must
be summarily punished.”

  And so, with cheers of elation, with re-
newed confidence in their leader, the army
began to stretch and stream away in end-
less procession along the narrow and slip-
pery roads on the levee top. McCler-
nand’s corps moved first. McPherson’s
troops followed, and Sherman kept the
rear. The point of assault was to be
Grand Gulf, the enemy’s outpost to the
south of Vicksburg. Grant himself took
no personal baggage, not even a valise,
and the army soon found this out. The
new men did not need to be told that this
was no parade soldier who led them. He
had no attendants, no imported delicacies,
no special accommodations. He was
spattered with mud, grizzled of beard,
and wherever he went “ the boys” felt a
twinge of singular emotion. They had
admired him before, they began to love
him now, and he became “ the old man ”
to them. And yet he wras as unostenta-
tious of his camaraderie as he was of his
command. He was his simple self in all
this. He meant business, and spared him-
self not at all, and neglected no detail.

  The attack on Grand Gulf failed, and
Grant, ordering Porter to run the batter-
ies as before, moved on down the river
and landed at a point called De Schroon’s,
just above Bruinsburg, being led to do so
by the information given by a negro, that
a good road led inland to Port Gibson and
Jackson from that point. Meanwhile, to
keep Pemberton occupied with things
above, Sherman had been ordered to make
a great show of attack on Vicksburg itself

and then suddenly to silence his guns and
hasten to join the forces below.

  On the morning of the 30th of April
McClernand’s troops and part of McPher-
son’s command were landed on the east
bank of the river below Vicksburg, and
Grant’s spirits rose. “ I felt a degree of
relief scarcely ever equalled since. . . .”
And yet one would say the outlook was
not reassuring. He was “ in the enemy’s
country, with a vast river and the strong-
hold of Vicksburg between him and his
base of supplies.” He had two armies to
fight. One intrenched at Vicksburg, the
other at Jackson, less than four days’
march to the east, with the whole of the
Confederacy back of it. But he was again
on dry ground, out of the terrible swamps
and bayous of the flat country. So much
was gained.

  He hurried McClernand forward toward
Port Gibson, to prevent the destruction
of an important bridge. Parts of McPher-
son’s command arrived, but still the in-
vading army was small, less than 20,000
men, with no pack-train, and with only
two days’ rations. On the second day
the enemy was met in force, but defeated.
Reinforcements kept arriving, and the
chief was buoyant of spirits although for
five days he had been on short rations and
had not removed his clothing to sleep.
Grand Gulf, being uncovered by the bat-
tle of Port Gibson, was evacuated, and
on May 3d, Grant rode into the fortress,
finding Porter before it with his fleet of
gunboats.

  Grant now heard from General Banks,
who was in command on the lower Missis-
sippi; and abandoning all idea of co-oper-
ation with him, he cut loose from Grand
Gulf and the river, and moved into the
interior, determined to get between Vicks-
burg audits supplies and to isolate it from
the Confederacy. “ I shall communicate
with Grand Gulf no more,” he wrote to
Halleck, “ except as it becomes necessary
to send a train with heavy escort. You
may not hear from me for several days.”

  The next day after leaving Grand Gulf
he learned through Colonel Wilson, his
Inspector-General, and Rawlins, that the
forces defeated by McPherson had fallen
back, not toward Vicksburg, but toward
Jackson. He instantly surmised that a
considerable army was concentrating in
that direction. “ Simply asking one 01*
two questions, and without rising from
his chair, he wrote orders which turned
his entire army toward Jackson.” Then
mounting his horse, he set his command
GRANT'S ATTENTION TO DETAILS.

in motion, sweeping resistlessly into the
interior. This moment when he turned his
army towards Jackson is one of the great-
est in his career. It showed the decision,
boldness, and intrepidity of the man be-
yond dispute.

  Jackson was carried on the 14th, the
Union flag was raised on the State House,
and Grant slept in the same room that
General Johnston had occupied the night
before. General Johnston sent a despatch
to Pemberton which fell into Grant’s
hands, though he did not need it to tell
him what to do. He hastened the move-
ment of McClernand and McPherson to-
ward Vicksburg, to head off Johnston’s
attempt to join Pemberton and to meet
the Confederate troops. The armies met
in a savage battle at Champion’s Hill, and
Pemberton was forced to retire, after four
hours’ hard fighting. He rapidly re-
treated to the Big Black River, where he
made another feeble stand, and then with-
drew into Vicksburg, leaving the victori-
ous army of Grant directly between him-
self and Johnston. The game was in the
bag, and Grant smiled in his slow, grim
fashion, and closed round the city. This
was on the 19th day of May. He had
been on the road one month.

  On this day Sherman, with Grant by his
side, stood on Haines’s Bluff and looked
down 011 the very spot whence his baffled
army had fallen back months before. He
turned to Grant, saying: “ General, up to
this minute I had no positive assurance of
success. This is the end of one of the
greatest campaigns in history.” Grant
was deeply gratified, but he was not one
to anticipate victory.

  On the 19th of May, immediately after
crossing the Big Black, Grant ordered a
preliminary assault, which set the two ar-
mies face to face. On the 22d he ordered
a grand assault. This order was a result
of news of Johnston’s advance. He was
but fifty miles away, with a large army.
To assault and win would set free a large
force sufficient to defeat and possibly cap-
ture Johnston. Moreover, the officers and
men were eager for a chance to “walk
into Vicksburg.’’ They believed they
could storm and carry the works in an
hour, and so Grant gave the word, and the
22d of May will forever remain memorable
as a day of terrible slaughter. But it had
this virtue: it convinced the soldiers that
Vicksburg was to be taken only by deter-
mined siege, and made them patient of
what followed.

  Grant now called upon his engineers to

do their best. Suddenly the army dis-
appeared. It sank beneath the earth, and
like some subterranean monster ate its way
inexorably towards the enemy’s lines as
Worth’s little band approached the Central
plaza of Monterey through the adobe walls
of its gardens. “ The soil lent itself to the
most elaborate trenching,’’ says Major
John W. Powell, who had charge of a
division of the entrenchments.* “ It was a
huge deposit of glacial drift, and could be
cut like cheese. Grant personally super-
vised this work every day, and his ques-
tions were always shrewd and pat. He
knew more of the actual approaches than
McPherson, who was my immediate com-
mander. He came alone, quietly and
keenly studying every detail of the work.’’

  Foot by foot, the army closed round
the doomed city, like the fabled room of
the Inquisition whose walls contracted
with every tick of the clock. The explod-
ing of mines, as great as they were, is now
seen to have been only an incident in the
besieging process under Grant’s persistent
command. On foot, dusty, in plain clothes,
with head drooping in thought, but with
quick eyes seeing all that went on, “ the
old man’’ walked the ditches or stood
upon the hills studying the situation, care-
less—criminally careless—of his person.
The soldiers hardly discovered who he was
before he was gone.

  In this period, when success seemed
sure, claimants for the honor of originat-
ing the plan of the campaign arose, and
the discussion raged endlessly. Men who
had been glad to shift responsibility when
the issue was in doubt, now hastened to
let the world know that it was their own
plan. Grant never changed; as he had
attempted no shift of responsibility, so
now he troubled himself very little about
the claims of others. He had done a
better thing than originate the plan of
campaign, he had executed it.

  By the first of July the two armies
were within pitch-and-toss distance of
each other. A mighty host had turned
moles. By day all was solitary. The
heaps of red earth alone gave indication
of activity. No living thing moved over
the battle-ground, yet fifty thousand men
were there ready to rise and fly at each
other at a word from “the old command-
er.’’ At night, low words, ghostly whis-
pers, and subdued noises ran up and down
the advanced lines, as the blue-coated
sappers and miners pushed forward some
trench, or some weary, thirsty “file’’ in

*	In an interview held expressly for McClure's Magazine.
8io

GRANT'S MEETING WITH PEMBERTON.

a rifle-pit gave place to a relief. Occa-
sionally out of the blank darkness a rebel
gun would crack, to be answered by a
score of Union rifles aimed at the rosy
flash. A feeling grew in each army that
the end was near. On the night of the
2d the word was passed around that a final
assault was to be made on the 4th. The
batteries were to open with a salute of a
hundred guns in honor of the day, and
continue until further orders. The ad-
vance guard was told to let the enemy
know this.

  This order produced vast excitement
within the gray lines. The news went to
Pemberton. He knew his men could not
stand an assault such as Grant could now
make. His lines were pierced in a number
of places. He was out of food, out of
ammunition. His men were lean, weary,
and dispirited. lie despaired of any help
from Johnston. On the morning of the
3d of July, a white flag appeared 011 the
Confederate works. Again a Southern
general asked for commissioners to ar-
range for terms of surrender. Again
Grant replied, “ I have 110 terms other
than unconditional surrender,” but added
that the brave men within the works would
be treated with all the respect due to pris-
oners of war.

  General Bowen, the blindfold messenger
of peace, asked Grant to meet Pemberton
between the lines, and supposing this to be
General Pemberton’s wish, he consented,
and at mid-afternoon a wondrous scene
unfolded. At about three p.m. General
Grant rode forward to the extreme Union
trenches, dismounted, and walked calmly
and slowly toward the center of the lines.
At about the same time General Pember-
ton left his lines and, accompanied by
General Bowen and several of his staff,
advanced to meet Grant.*

  Then from the hitherto silent, motion-
less, ridged, and ravaged hills, grimy heads
and dusty shoulders rose, till every em-
bankment bristled with bayonets. It was
as if at some unheard signal an army of
gnomes had suddenly risen from their
secret run-ways. The under-ground sud-
denly became of the open air. The inex-
orable burrowing of the Northern army
ceased.

  A shiver of excitement ran over the men
of both sides, and all eyes were fixed
upon that fateful figure advancing toward
the enemy, unexcitedly, with bent head,
treading the ground so long traversed only
by the wing of the bullet and the shadow

*	Generalized from reports of eye-witnesses.

of the shell. What he felt could not be
divined by any action of his. His visage
was never more inscrutable in its stern,
calm lines.

  The man who advanced to meet him
was an old comrade in arms, the same
Pemberton, indeed, who had conveyed to
Lieutenant Grant at San Cosme Gate the
compliments of General Worth. He came
to this conference laboring under profound
excitement. Grant greeted him as an old
acquaintance, but waited for him to begin.
There was an awkward silence. Grant
waited insistently, for his understanding
was that Pemberton stood ready to make
the first advance. Pemberton at last began
arrogantly.

  “ General Grant, I was present at the
surrender of many fortresses in Mexico,
and in all cases the enemy was granted
terms and conditions. I think my army as
much entitled to these favors as a foreign
foe.”

  “ All the terms I have are stated in my
letter of this morning,” Grant replied.

  Pemberton drew himself stiffly erect.
“ Then the conference may as well ter-
minate and hostilities begin.”

  “ Very well,” replied Grant. “ My
army was never in better condition to
prosecute the siege.”

  Pemberton’s eyes flashed: “ You’ll bury
a good many more men before you get
into Vicksburg.”

  This seemed to end the meeting, but
General Bowen intervened, urged a fur-
ther conference, and while he and General
A. J. Smith conversed apart, Grant and
Pemberton went and sat down on a bank
under a low oak tree. Pemberton was
trembling with emotion, but Grant sat with
bent head, one hand idly pulling up grass
blades. Suddenly the boom of cannons
began again from the gunboats.

  Grant’s face showed concern for the
first time. He rose.

  “ This is a mistake. I will send to Ad-
miral Porter and have that stopped.”

  “ Oh, never mind. Let it go 011,” said
Pemberton contemptuously. “ It won’t
hurt anybody. The gunboats never hurt
anybody.”

  “I’ll go home and write out the terms,”
Grant finally said, as he rose to go.

  The terms were exceedingly fair. Pem-
berton was to give possession at 8 a.m.,
July 4th; “ and as soon as rolls are made
out and paroles signed by officers and
men, you will be allowed to march out of
our lines, the officers taking with them
side-arms and clothing, and the field, staff,
GRANT IN THE HOUR OF VICTORY.

and cavalry officers one horse each. The
rank and file will be allowed all their
clothing, but no other property.” Per-
haps Grant was moved to these generous
terms by the recollection of Scott’s treat-
ment of Santa Anna’s troops at Cerro
Gordo. At any rate, they were criticised
as being absurdly lenient.

  At ten o’clock on the morning of the
4th of July, the ragged, emaciated soldiers
who had defended Vicksburg so stanchly
“ marched out of their intrenchments.
With sad faces the men of each regiment
stacked their arms, threw down upon
them knapsacks, belts, cartridges, and
cap-pouches, and then tenderly crowned
the piles with their faded and riddled col-
ors.” Their stained clothing contrasted
mournfully with the blue of the Union
troops. For forty days they had lain in
the pits, eating the scantiest fare, and to
many of them it was a welcome relief to
throw down their muskets. For two hours
this movement went on, with no derisive
cry or gesture on the part of the victors.
They knew the quality of these lean and
tattered men, who were mistaken, but who
were fighters.

  The victor allowed himself no indul-
gences. He was sleeplessly active. He
had no thought of resting or going into
summer quarters. He put McPherson in
command of Vicksburg. He sent Sher-
man after Johnston the moment Pemberton
capitulated. He despatched a messenger
to Banks asking his needs. He forwarded
the ninth army corps to Bear Creek, to be
ready to reinforce Sherman if it were nec-
essary; and providing for their return and
movement to Kentucky, he ordered the
boats to be in readiness to transport the
troops. He ordered Herron’s division to
be in readiness to reinforce Banks. He
brought all the remaining troops within the
rebel lines, and gave orders to obliterate
the works which the Union army had toiled
so long to fashion, and sent his engineers
to determine upon a shorter line if possi-
ble, in order that the garrison should be
small. He advised Logan that, as soon as
the rebel prisoners were out of the way,
he intended to send him to the Tensas to
clear out the Confederate troops there;
and in the midst of this multiplex activity

he asked Dana to inquire of General Hal-
leck whether he intended him to follow
his own judgment in future movements or
co-operate in some particular scheme of
operations.

  His army was now let loose for other
campaigns, and this the Southern leaders
thoroughly understood. The fall of
Vicksburg was a disaster. The march of
Grant’s army foreboded the downfall of
the Confederacy.

  In all the correspondence of this strange
conqueror there is scarcely a single word
of exultation, not a single allusion to
victory, even to his wife. He fought
battles and won victories in the design of
moving to other battles and other victo-
ries. His plan was to whip the enemy and
win a lasting peace.

  The Vicksburg campaign had the audac-
ity of the common sense in opposition to
the traditional. What the military author-
ities had settled he could not do, Grant
did with astounding despatch, accuracy,
and coherence of design. He kept his
own counsel—a greater feat than the
other—and it added to the mystery of his
movements and the certainty of his results.
It seemed as if all ill things stood aside to
see him pass on to his larger life as a great
commander. Belmont, Henry, Donelson,
Shiloh, and Vicksburg—all these were be-
hind him and he had no scar. He would
not have been human had not some feeling
of foreordination assumed possession of
him. He was now forty-one years of age,
and at his fullest powers of command and
endurance. He had reached the place
where he now stood in the light of nation-
al fame, holding the full confidence of the
government, without money, without po-
litical influence, after years of hardship,
disappointment, and privation. Now all
opposition was silenced, and his detractors
were overborne. He had placed himself
among the great generals of the world,
and the nation waited to see what the Con-
queror of Vicksburg would do next. On
the 12th of October he received an order
making him the commander-in-chief of the
entire Western army from the Cumberland
Mountains to the Brazos. This placed
him in command of two hundred thousand
men.

   Note.—The capture of Vicksburg brought to its full development and recognition Grant’s genius as a military com-
mander, and marks a clear division in his carcer. With the present paper, therefore, Mr. Garland concludes his series of
interesting studies in Grant’s life, his design having been only to exhibit, by close personal presentations, the course and
character of Grant’s progress to his high destiny.—Editor.
UNCLE JOHN AND THE RUBIES.

By Anthony Hope,

Author of “ Phroso,” “ The Prisoner of Zenda,” etc.

HP HERE may still be some very old men
A about town who remember the duel
between Sir George Marston and Colonel
Merridew; there may still be a venerable
lawyer or two who recollect the celebrated
case of Merridew against Marston. With
these exceptions the story probably sur-
vives only in the two families interested in
the matter and in the neighborhood where
both the gentlemen concerned lived and
where their successors flourish to this day.
The whole affair, of which the duel was the
first stage and the lawsuit the second, arose
out of tiie disappearance of the Mahara-
jah’s rubies. Sir George and the colonel
had both spent many years in India, Sir
George occupying various important posi-
tions in the company’s service, the colonel
seeking fortune on his own account.
Chance had brought them together at the
court of the Maharajah of Nuggetabad,
and they had struck up a friendship, tem-
pered by jealousy. The Maharajah fa-
vored both ; we Merridews maintained that
Uncle John was first favorite, but the Mar-
stons declared that Sir George beat him;
and I am bound to admit that they had
a plausible ground for their contention,
since, when both gentlemen were returning
to England, the Maharajah presented to Sir
George the six magnificent stones which
became famous as the Maharajah’s rubies,
while Uncle John had to content himself
with a couple of fine diamonds. The Ma-
harajah could not have expressed his pref-
erence more significantly; both his friends
were passionate lovers of jewels, and un-
derstood very well the value of their re-
spective presents. Uncle John faced the
situation boldly, and declared that he had
refused the rubies; we, his family, dutifully
accepted his version, and were in the habit
of laying great stress on his conscientious-
ness. The Marstons treated this tradition
of ours with open incredulity. Whatever
the truth was, the Maharajah’s action pro-
duced no immediate breach between the
colonel and Sir George. They left the
court together, arrived together at the port
of Calcutta, and came home together round
the Cape. The trouble began only when

Sir George discovered, at the moment when
he was leaving the ship, that he had lost
the rubies. By this time Uncle John, who
had disembarked a few hours earlier, was
already at home displaying his diamonds
to the relatives who had assembled to greet
him.

  Into the midst of this family gathering
there burst the next day the angry form of
Sir George Marston. He had driven post-
haste to his own house, which lay some ten
miles from the colonel’s, and had now rid-
den over at a gallop; and there, before the
whole company, he charged Uncle John
with having stolen the Maharajah’s rubies.
The colonel, he said, was the only man on
board who knew that he had the rubies or
where the rubies were, and the only man
who had enjoyed constant and unrestricted
access to the cabin in which they were
hidden. Moreover (so Sir George de-
clared), the colonel loved jewels more
than honor, honesty, or salvation. The
colonel’s answer was a cut with his riding-
whip. A challenge followed from Sir
George. The duel was fought, and Sir
George got a ball in his arm. As soon as
he was well my uncle, who had been the
challenged party in the first encounter,
saw his seconds to arrange another meet-
ing. The cut with the whip was disposed
of; the accusation remained. But Sir
George refused to go out, declaring that
the dock, and not the field of honor, was
the proper place for Colonel Merridew.
Uncle John, being denied the remedy of a
gentleman, carried the case into the courts,
although not into the court which Sir
George had indicated.

• An action of slander was entered and
tried. Uncle John filled town and coun-
try with his complaints. He implored all
and sundry to search him, to search his
house, to search his park, to search every-
thing searchable. A number of gentlemen
formed themselves into a jury and did as
he asked, Uncle John himself superintend-
ing their labors. No trace of the rubies
was found. Sir George was unconvinced;
the action went on, the jury gave the
colonel ^5,000; the colonel gave the
ANTHONY HOPE.

money to charity, and Sir George Marston,
mounting his horse outside Westminster
Hall, observed loudly:

  “ He stole them all the same ! ”

  With this the story ended for the outer
world. People were puzzled for a while,
and then forgot the whole affair. But the
Marstons did not forget it, and would not
be consoled for
the loss of their
rubies. Neither
did we, the
Merridews, for-
get. We were
very proud of
our family hon-

0	r, and we
made a point
of being proud
of the colonel
also, in spite of
certain dubious
stories which
hung about his
name. The
feud persisted
in all its bitter
ness. W e
hurled scorn at
one another
across the space
that divided us;
we were bitter
opponents in all
public affairs,
and absolute
strangers when
we met on pri-
vate occasions.

My father, who succeeded his uncle,
the colonel, was a thoroughgoing ad-
herent of his predecessor. Sir George’s
son, Sir Matthew, openly espoused his
father’s cause and accusation. Meanwhile
no human eye had seen the Maharajah’s
rubies from the hour at which they had dis-
appeared from the cabin of the East In-
diaman “ Elephant.”

  A train of circumstances now began
which bade fair to repeat the moving trag-
edy of Verona in our corner of the world,

1	myself being cast for the part of Romeo.
As I was following the hounds one day, I
came upon a young lady who had suffered
a fall, fortunately without personal injury,
and was vainly pursuing her horse across a
sticky plow. I caught the horse and led
him to his mistress. To my surprise, I
found myself in the presence of Miss Sylvia
Marston, who had walked by me with a
stony face half a hundred times at county

balls and such like social gatherings. She
drew back with a sort of horror on her ex-
tremely pretty face. I dismounted, and
stood ready to help her into the saddle.

 “My groom is somewhere,” said she,
looking around the landscape.

 “Anyhow, I didn’t steal the rubies,”
 The truth is that on each of the
 half hundred
 occasions I
 have referred
 to I had regret-
 ted that the
 feud forbade
 acquain t ance
 between Miss
 Marston and
 myself. I was
 eager to as-
 suage the feud
 as far as she
 and I were con-
 cerned.

 My remark
produced an
extremely
haughty ex-
pression on the
lady’s face. I
stood patiently
by the horses.
The absurdity
of the position
at last struck
my companion;
she accepted
my assistance,
although
grudgingly. I
mounted with all haste and rode beside her.
We were hopelessly out of the run, and
Miss Marston turned homeward. I did the
same. For two or three miles our way
would be the same. For some minutes we
were silent. Then Miss Marston observed,
with a sidelong glance:

  “ I wonder you can be so obstinate about
them.”

 “ The verdict of the jury-” T began.

  “ Oh, do let the jury alone,” she inter-
rupted, impatiently.

  I tried another tack.

  “ I saw you at the ball the other night,”
I remarked.

  “ Did you ? I didn’t see you.”

 “ I perceived that you were quite con-
vinced of that.”

  “ Well, then, I did see you, but how could
I—well, you know, papa was at my elbow.”
I was encouraged by this speech, and
quite reasonably.
814

UNCLE JOHN AND THE RUBIES.

  “It’s a horrid bore, isn’t it?’’ I ven-
tured to suggest.

  “ What?’’

  “ Why, the feud.”

  “Oh ! ”

  After this there was silence again till we
reached the spot where our roads diverged.
I reined up my horse and lifted my hat.
Miss Marston looked up suddenly.

  “ Thank you so much. Yes, it is rather
a bore, isn’t it ? ” And with a little laugh
and a little blush she trotted off. More-
over, she looked over her shoulder once
before a turn of the road hid her from my
sight.

  “ It’s a confounded bore,” said I to my-
self as I rode away alone.

  My father was a very firm man. I am
not Sir Matthew Marston’s son, and I do
not scruple to describe him as an obstinate
man. But in this world the people who
say “ yes ” generally beat the people who
say “no”—hence comes progress or de-
cadence, which you will—and although
both Sir Matthew and my father insisted
that the acquaintance between Miss Mar-
ston and myself should not continue, the
acquaintance did continue. We met out
hunting, and also when we were not hunt-
ing anything except one another. The
truth is that we had laid our heads to-
gether (only metaphorically, I am sorry to
say), and determined that the moment for
an amnesty had arrived. It was forty
years or more since the colonel had—or
had not—stolen the Maharajah’s rubies.
Many suns had gone down on the wrath of
both families. A treaty must be made.
The Marstons must agree to say no more
about the crime, the Merridews must con-
sent to forgive the false accusation. The
Maharajah’s rubies had vanished from the
earth; their evil deeds must live after them
no longer. Sylvia and I agreed on all
these points one morning in the woods
among the primroses.

  “ Of course, though, the colonel took
them,” said Sylvia, by way of closing the
discussion.

  “ Nothing of the sort,” said I, rather
emphatically.

  Sylvia sprang away from me; a beauti-
ful, stormy color flooded her cheeks.

  “You say,” she exclaimed indignantly,
“ that you—that you—that you—that you
—well, that you care for me, and yet-”

  “ The colonel certainly took them,” I
cried hastily.

  “ Of course he did,” said Sylvia, with a
radiant smile.

  I assumed a most aggrieved expression.

  “ You profess,” said I, plaintively, “ to
have—to have—to have—well, to have
some pity on me, and yet-”

  “ He didn’t take them ! ” cried Sylvia,
impulsively.

  That matter seemed to be settled quite
satisfactorily, and we passed into another.

  “ How dare I tell papa ? ” asked Sylvia,
apprehensively.

  “ Well, I shall have a row with the gov-
ernor,” I reflected, ruefully.

  “ Horrid old rubies ! I wish they were
at the bottom of the sea ! ” said Sylvia.

  “ I wish they were round your neck,”
said I.

  “ How can you, Mr. Merridew ? ” mur-
mured Sylvia.

  “ I could say a great deal more than
that,” I cried. But she would not let
me.

  Now, as I went home from this interview

I	was, I protest, more filled with regrets
that the Maharajah’s rubies could not
adorn and be adorned by Sylvia’s neck than
with apprehensions as to the effect my com-
munication might have upon my father.
"Whether Colonel Merridew had stolen them
or not became a subordinate question; the
great problem was,Where were they ? Why
were they not round Sylvia’s neck ? I suf-
fered a sense of personal loss, hardly less
acute than the emotion that had brought
Sir George Marston post-haste to the
colonel’s house forty years before. I was
so engrossed with this aspect of the case
that, as my father and I sat over our
cigarettes after dinner, I exclaimed inad-
vertently:

  “ How splendidly they’d have suited
her, by Jove ! ”

  Whenever anybody in our family spoke
of “ they ” or “ them,” without further
identification, he was understood to refer
to the Maharajah’s rubies.

  “ Who would they have suited ? ” asked
my father.

  “ Why, Sylvia Marston,” I said.

  When you have an awkward disclosure
to make, there is nothing like committing
yourself to it at once by an irremediable
discretion. It blocks the way back and
clears the way forward. My mention of
Sylvia Marston defined the position with
absolute clearness.

  “ What’s Sylvia Marston to you ? ” asked
my father, scornfully.

  “The whole world, and more,” I an-
swered, fervently.

  My father rang the bell for coffee. When
it had been served he remarked:

  “ I think you had better take a run on
ANTHONY HOPE.

the Continent
for a few
months. O r
what do you say
to India ? My

Uncle John-”

  “ Mind you, I
don’t believe he
took them,” I
interrupted.

  “If you did, I
shouldn’t be sit-
ting- at the same
table with you,”
observed my
father.

  “ Butshe’sthe
most charming
girl I ever saw,”

I remarked, re-
turning to the
real point.

  “ I don’t fol-
low the connec-
t i o n of your
thoughts,” said
my father.

  There are one
or two points
that deserve
mention here.

T he Marston
property was a very nice one; combined
with ours, it would make a first-class estate.
Sir Matthew had no son, and Sylvia was his
only daughter; to be perpetually opposed in
everything by a neighbor is vexatious; my
father was not really a convinced Home
Ruler, and had only appeared on platforms
in that interest because Sir George was
such a strong Unionist. Finally, the
duchess had said that her patience was
exhausted with the squabbles of the Mer-
ridews and the Marstons and that for her
part she wouldn’t ask either of them. Now,
my father cared as little for a duchess as
any man alive, but the claret at Sangblew
Castle was proverbial.

  “If,” said my father at the end of a
long discussion, “ the man (he meant Sir
Matthew Marston) will make an absolute
and unreserved apology, and withdraw all
imputations on Uncle John’s memory, I
shall be willing to consider the matter.”

  “ You might as well,” I protested, “ ask
him to eat the rubies.”

  “I believe old Sir George did,” an-
swered my father grimly.

  I must pass over the next two or three
months briefly. Thwarted love ran its usual
course. Sylvia (whose interview with Sir

Matthew had bee:i even more uncomfort-
able than mine with my father) peaked and
pined and was sent to stay with an aunt at
Cheltenham ; she returned worse than ever.
I went to Paris, where I enjoyed myself
very well, but I came back inconsolable.
Sylvia’s health was gravely endangered. I
displayed an alarming inability to settle
down to anything. We used to meet every
day in highest exultation, and part every
day in deepest woe. We talked of death
and elopement alternately, and treated
our fathers with despairing and most ex-
asperating dutifulness. The month of
June found ourselves and our affections
exactly where we and they had been in
March.

  A daughter is, I take it, harder to resist
than a son. It was for this reason, and
not because Sir Matthew was in any degree
less stubborn than my father, that the first
overtures came from the Marstons.

  Sylvia was brimming over with delight
when she met me one morning.

  “ Papa is ready to be reconciled,” she
cried. “ Oh, Jack, isn’t it delightful ?”

  “ What ? Will he apologize ? ” I asked,
eagerly, as I caught her hand.

  “Yes,” said she, with smiling lips and
816

UNCLE JOHN AND THE RUBLES.

dancing eyes. “ He’ll admit that nothing
has occurred to prove Colonel Merridew’s
guilt, if your father will admit that every
sane man must have thought that Colonel
Merridew was guilty.”

  “Hum,” said I doubtfully. “I’ll tell
my father.”

  My father received my report in a some-
what hostile spirit. At first he was inclined
to find a new insult in it, and I had great
difficulty in bringing him to a more reason-
able view. His suggestion at last was—
and I could obtain no better terms from
him—that Sir Matthew should admit that
nothing had occurred to suggest Colonel
Merridew’s guilt, but that at the same time
it was conceivable that a sane man might
have thought Colonel Merridew guilty.

  When I next met Sylvia, I communicated
my father’s suggested modification of the
terms of peace. I explained that it cov-
ered a real and most material concession.

  “ Papa will never agree to that,” said
she sorrowfully; and no more he did.

  Negotiations and pourparlers continued.
Sylvia grew thinner. I became absent and
distrait in manner. After a month Sir Mat-
thew forwarded fresh terms. They were
as follows: “ Although Colonel Merridew
may not have stolen the Maharajah’s
rubies, yet every reasonable man would
naturally have concluded that he had stolen
the rubies.” My father objected to this,
and proposed to substitute, “Although
Colonel Merridew did not steal the Maha-
rajah’s rubies, yet a reasonable man might
not impossibly think that he had stolen the
rubies.”

  Sylvia and I built hopes on this last
formula, but Sir Matthew unhappily ob-
jected to it. Matters came to a standstill
again, and no progress was made until the
vicar, having heard of the matter (indeed
by now it was common property and ex-
cited great interest in the neighborhood),
offered his services as mediator. He said
that he was a peacemaker by virtue of his
office and that he hoped to be able to draw
up a statement of the case which would be
palatable to both parties. Sir Matthew
and my father gladly accepted his friendly
offices, and the vicar withdrew to elaborate
his eirenicon.

  The vicar was a man of great intellectual
subtlety, which he found very few oppor-
tunities of exercising. Therefore he en-
joyed his new function extremely, and was
very busy riding to and fro between our
house and the Marstons’. Sylvia and I
grew impatient, but the vicar assured us
that the result of hurrying matters would

be an irremediable rupture. We were
obliged to submit, and waited as resignedly
as we could until the terms of peace should
be finally settled. At last the welcome
news came that the vicar, lying awake on
Sunday night, had suddenly struck on a
form of words to which both parties could
subscribe with satisfaction and without loss
of self-respect. I called on the vicar be-
fore breakfast on Monday morning. He
greeted me with evident pleasure.

  “ Yes,” said he, rubbing his hands con-
tentedly, “ I think I have managed it this
time,” and he hummed a light-hearted
tune.

  “What is the form of statement?” I
asked, for I could scarcely believe in the
good news of his success.

  “Why, this,” answered the vicar:
“ ‘ Although there was no reason whatso-
ever to think that Colonel Merridew stole
the Maharajah’s rubies, yet any gentleman
may well have supposed, and had every
reason for supposing, that Colonel Merri-
dew did steal the Maharajah’s rubies.’ ”

  “ That seems er—very fair and equal,”
said I, after a moment’s consideration.

  “I think so, my dear young friend,”
said the vicar complacently. “ I imagine
that it will put an end to all trouble be-
tween your worthy father and Sir Mat-
thew.”

  “ I’m sure it must,” I agreed.

  “ I have modeled it,” pursued the vicar,
holding out the piece of paper before him
and regarding it lovingly, “I have mod-
eled the form of it on-”

  “ On the thirty-nine articles,” I sug-
gested thoughtlessly.

  “ Not at all,” said the vicar sharply.
“ On parliamentary apologies.”

  As may be supposed, Sylvia and I spent
a day of feverish suspense, mitigated only
by one another’s company. The vicar
rode first to Sir Matthew’s; he reached
there at half-past twelve, and remained to
luncheon. Starting again at three (evi-
dently Sir Matthew had been hard to
move), he reached my father’s at 4:30,
and was closeted with him till seven
o’clock. I had parted from Sylvia about
six, and came to dinner. My father was
then alone. I looked at him, but had not
the nerve to ask him any questions. Pres-
ently he came and patted me on the shoul-
der.

  “ I have made a great sacrifice for your
sake, my boy,” said he. “ Sir Matthew
Marston and his daughter will dine here to-
morrow.” And he flung himself into a
chair.
ANTHONY HOPE.

817

  “ Hurrah ! ” I cried, springing to my
feet.

  “The vicar is coming also,” pursued
my father, with a sigh; and he looked up
at Uncle John’s portrait, which hung over
the mantelpiece. “ I hope I have not done
wrong,” he added, seeming to ask the
colonel’s pardon in case any slight had
been put upon his hallowed memory. The
colonel smiled down upon us peacefully,
seeming to enjoy the prospect of the glass
of wine which he held between his fingers
and was represented as being about to
drink.

  “ It’s a wonderfully characteristic por-
rait of dear old Uncle John,” said my
ftther, sighing again.

  Now, reconciliations are extremely
wholesome and desirable things; in this
case, indeed, a reconciliation was an abso-
lutely essential and necessary thing, since
the happiness of Sylvia and myself entirely
depended upon it. But it cannot, in my
opinion, be maintained that they are in
themselves cheerful functions. After all,
they are funerals of quarrels, and men love
their quarrels. The dinner held to seal
the peace between Sir Matthew and my
father was not enjoyable, considered purely
as an entertainment. Both gentlemen were
stiff and distant; Sylvia was shy, I embar-
rassed; the vicar bore the whole brunt of
conversation. In fact, there were great
difficulties. It was impossible to touch on
the subject of the Maharajah’s rubies, and
yet we were all thinking of the rubies and
of nothing else. At last my father, in de-
spair, took the bull by the horns. He was
always in favor of a bold course, as Uncle
John had been, he said.

  “ Over the mantelpiece,” said he, turn-
ing to his guest with a rather forced smile,
“ you will observe, Sir Matthew, a portrait
of the late Colonel Merridew. It is con-
sidered an extremely good likeness.”

  Sir Matthew examined the colonel
through his eyeglasses with a critical
stare.

  “ It looks,” said he, “ very like what I
have always supposed Colonel Merridew to
have been; indeed, exactly like.”

  My father frowned heavily. Sir Mat-
thew’s speech was open to unfavorable in-
terpretation.

  “You mean,” interposed the vicar, “a
man of courage and decision ? Yes, yes,
indeed; the face looks like the face of just
such a man.”

  “ Poor Uncle John,” sighed my father.
“ His last years were embittered by the
unfounded aspersions-”

  “ I beg your pardon,” said Sir Matthew,
politely but very stiffly.

  “ By the unfounded but very natural ac-
cusations,” suggested the vicar hastily.

  “ To which he was subjected,” pursued
my father.

  “ Or—er—may we not say, exposed him-
self ? ” asked Sir Matthew.

  “ In fact, which were brought against
him—wrongly but most naturally,” sug-
gested the vicar.

  Matters looked as unpromising as they
well could. Sylvia was on the point of
bursting into tears, and my thoughts had
again turned to an elopement. My father
rose suddenly and held out his hand to Sir
Matthew. Again he had decided on the
bold course.

  “ Let us say no more about it,” he cried,
generously.

  “ With all my heart,” cried Sir Matthew,
springing up and gripping his hand.

  The vicar’s eyes beamed through his
spectacles. I believe that I touched Syl-
via’s foot under the table.

  “ We will,” pursued my father, “ remem-
ber only one thing about the colonel. And
that is that one bottle remains of the fam-
ous old pipe of port that he laid down. In
that, Sir Matthew, let us bury all unkind-
ness.”

  “ My dear sir, I ask no better,” cried Sir
Matthew.

  The heavens brightened—or was it Syl-
via’s eyes ? The butler alone looked per-
turbed; three butlers had lost their situa-
tions in our household for handling the
colonel’s port in a manner that lacked heart
and tenderness. “ I cannot bear a callous
butler,” my father used to say.

  “ Fetch,” said my father, “ the last bot-
tle of the colonel’s port, a decanter, a cork-
screw, a funnel, a piece of muslin, and a
napkin. I will decant Sir Matthew’s wine
myself.”

  “ Sir Matthew’s wine ! ” Could there
have been a more delicate compliment ?

  “The colonel,” my father continued,
“purchased this wine himself, brought it
home himself, and I believe bottled a large
portion of it with his own hands.”

  “ He could not have been better em-
ployed,” said Sir Matthew cordially. But
I think there was a latent hint that the
colonel had sometimes been much worse
employed.

  Dawson appeared with the bottle. He
carried it as though it had been a baby,
combining the love of a mother, the pride
of a nurse, and the uneasy care of a bach-
elor.
8i8

UNCLE JOHN AND THE RUBIES.

“MY FATHER TILTED THE BOTTLE a LITTLE MORE TOWARD THE FUNNEL. THEN HE STOPPED SUDDENLY.”

  “You have not shaken it?” asked my
father.

  “Upon my word; no, sir,” answered
Dawson earnestly. The poor man had a
wife and family.

  My father gripped the bottle delicately
with the napkin, and examined the point of
the corkscrew.

  “ It would be a great pity,” he observed,
gravely, “ if anything happened to the
cork.”

  Nothing happened to the cork. With
infinite delicacy my father persuaded it to
leave the neck of the bottle. Sir Matthew
was ready with decanter, funnel, and mus-
lin.

  “ We must take care of the crust,” re-
marked my father, and we all nodded sol-
emnly.

  My father cast his eyes up to Uncle
John’s portrait for an instant, much as if
he were asking the old gentleman’s bene-
diction, and gently inclined the bottle
toward the muslin-covered mouth of the
funnel.

  “ If only my poor uncle could be here,”
he sighed. Uncle John had been very fond
of port.

  “ I should be delighted to meet him ! ”
cried Sir Matthew, in genuine friendliness.

  The vicar took off his spectacles, wiped
them, and replaced them. My father tilted
the bottle a little more toward the funnel.
Then he stopped suddenly, and a strange,
puzzled look appeared on his face. He

looked at Sir Matthew, and Sir Matthew
looked at him; and we all looked at the
bottle.

  “ Does old port wine generally make
that noise ? ” asked Sylvia.

  For a most mysterious sound had pro-
ceeded from the inside of the bottle, as my
father carefully inclined it toward the fun-
nel. It sounded as if—but it was absurd
to suppose that a handful of marbles could
have found their way into a bottle of old
port.

 “The crust-” began the vicar,

cheerfully.

  “ It’s not the crust,” said my father, de-
cisively.

  “ Let us see what it is,” suggested Sir
Matthew, very urbanely.

  “ I’ve done nothing to the bottle, sir,”
cried Dawson.

  My father cleared his throat, and gave
the bottle a further inclination toward the
funnel. A little wine trickled out and
found its way through the muslin. My
father smelt the muslin anxiously, but
seemed to gain no enlightenment. He
poured on under the engrossed gaze of the
whole party. The marbles, or what they
were, thumped in the bottle; and with a
little jump something sprang out into the
muslin. Sir Matthew stretched out a hand.
My father waved him away.

  “ We will go on to the end,” said he sol-
emnly, and he took it up, the object that
had fallen into the muslin, between his
ANTHONY HOPE.

finger and thumb and placed it on his
plate.

  It was round in shape, the size of a very
large pill or a smallish marble, and of a
dull color, like that of rusted tin. My
father poured on, and by the time that the
last of the wine was out no less than seven
of these strange objects lay in a neat group
on my father’s plate, one lying by itself a
little removed from the others.

  “ I have placed this one apart,” observed
my father, pointing to the solitary marble,
“ because it is much lighter than any of the
others. Let us examine it first.”

  “ I propose that we examine the six
first,” said Sir Matthew, in a tone of sup-
pressed excitement.

  “As you will, Sir Matthew,” said my
father gravely, and he took up one of the
six that lay in a group. “The surface,”
said he, looking round, “appears to be
composed of tin.”

  We all agreed. The surface was com-
posed of tin; a line running down the mid-
dle showed where the tin had been care-
fully and dexterously soldered together.
Sir Matthew having felt in his pocket, pro-
duced a large penknife and opened a strong
blade. He held out the knife toward my
father blade foremost, such was his agita-
tion.

  “Thank you, Sir Matthew,” said my
father in courteous and calm voice, reach-
ing round the blade and grasping the
handle.

  Absolute silence now fell on the com-
pany; my father was perfectly composed.
He forced the point of the knife into the
surface of the object and made a gap; then
he peeled off the surface of tin. I felt
Sylvia’s eyes turn to mine, but I did not
remove my gaze from my father’s plate.
Five times did my father repeat his opera-
tion, placing what was left in each case on
the table-cloth in front of him. When he
had finished his task he looked up at Sir
Matthew. Sir Matthew’s face bore a look
of mingled bewilderment and triumph; he
opened his mouth to speak; a gesture of
my father’s hand imposed silence on him.

  “It remains,” said my father, “to ex-
amine the seventh object.”

  The seventh object was treated as its
companions had been; the result was dif-
ferent. From the shelter of the sealed tin
covering came a small roll of paper. My
father unfolded it; faded lines of writing
appeared on it.

  “Uncle John’s hand,” said my father
solemnly. “ I propose to read what he
says.”

  “ An explanation is undoubtedly desir-
able,” remarked Sir Matthew.

  “Aren’t they beautiful?” whispered
Sylvia longingly.

  A glance from my father rebuked her;
he began to read what Colonel Merridew
had written. Here it is:

  “That old fool Marston, having made
the life of everybody on board the ship a
burden to them on account of his miserable
rubies, and having dogged my footsteps
and spied upon my actions in a most offen-
sive manner, I determined to give him a
lesson. So I took these stones from his
cabin and carried them to my house. I
was about to return them when he found
his way into my house and accused me—
me, Colonel John Merridew—of being a
thief. What followed is known to my fam-
ily. The result of Sir George’s intemperate
behavior was to make it impossible for me
to return the rubies without giving rise to
an impression most injurious to my honor.
I have therefore placed them in this bottle.
They will not be discovered during my life-
time or in that of Sir George. When they
are discovered, I request that they may be
returned to his son with my compliments
and an expression of my hope that he is
not such a fool as his father.

“John Merridew, Colonel.”

  Continued silence followed the reading
of this document. The Maharajah’s rubies
glittered and gleamed on the table-cloth.
My father looked up at Uncle John’-s pict-
ure. To my excited fancy the old gentle-
man seemed to smile more broadly than
before. My father gathered the rubies
into his hand and held them out to Sir
Matthew.

  “ You have heard Colonel Merridew’s
message, sir,” said my father. “'There
is, I presume, no need for me to repeat it.
Allow me to hand you the rubies.”

  Sir Matthew bowed stiffly, took the Ma-
harajah’s rubies, counted them carefully,
and dropped them one by one into his
waistcoat pocket.

  “Take away that bottle of port,” said
my father. “ The tin will have ruined the
flavor.”

  “What shall I do with it, sir?” asked
Dawson.

  “ Whatever you please,” said my father,
and looking up again at Uncle John’s pict-
ure, he exclaimed in an admiring tone,
“An uncommon man, indeed ! How few
would have contrived so perfect a hiding-
place ! ”

  “ Sylvia,” said Sir Matthew, “get your
§20

UNCLE JOHN AND THE RUBIES.

cloak.” Then he turned to my father
and continued, “ If, sir, to be an expert
thief-”

  My father sprang to his feet. Sylvia
caught Sir Matthew by the arm; I was
ready to throw myself between the enraged
gentlemen. Uncle John smiled broadly
down on us. The vicar looked up with a
mild smile. He had taken a nut and was
in the act of cracking it.

  “Dear, dear!” said he. “What’s the
matter ? ”

  “ Sir Matthew Marston,” said my father,
“ ventures to accuse the late Colonel Mer-
ridew of theft. And that in the house
which was Colonel Merridew’s.”

  “ Mr. Merridew,” said Sir Matthew, in
a cold, sarcastic voice, “must admit that
any other explanation of the colonel’s
action is—well, difficult. And that in any
house, whether Colonel Merridew’s or an-
other’s.”

  “ My dear friends,” expostulated the
vicar, “pray hear reason. The presence
of these—er—articles in this bottle of port,
taken in conjunction with the explanation
afforded by the late Colonel Merridew’s
letter, makes the whole matter perfectly
clear.” The vicar paused, swallowed his
nut, and then continued with considerable
and proper pride. “In fact, although
there is no reason whatsoever to think that
Colonel Merridew stole the Maharajah’s
rubies, yet any gentleman may well sup-
pose, and has every reason for supposing,
that Colonel Merridew did steal the Ma-
harajah’s rubies.”

  Sir Matthew tugged at his beard, my
father rubbed the side of his nose with his
forefinger. The vicar rose and stood
between them with his hands spread
out and a smile of candid appeal on his
face.

  “There is no reason at all to suppose
Uncle John meant to steal them,” observed
my father.

  “ I have every reason for supposing that
he meant to steal them,” said Sir Mat-
thew.

  “Exactly, exactly,” murmured the

vicar; “ what I say, gentlemen; just what
Isay.”

  My father smiled; a moment later Sir
Matthew smiled. My father slowly
stretched out his hand; Sir Matthew’s
hand came slowly to meet it.

  “ That’s right,” cried the vicar, approv-
ingly. “ I felt sure that you would both
listen to reason.”

  My father looked up again at Uncle
John.

  “ My uncle was a most uncommon man,
Sir Matthew,” said he.

  “So I should imagine, Mr. Merridew,”
answered Sir Matthew.

  “And now, papa,” said Sylvia, “give
me the Maharajah’s rubies.”

  “ A moment,” said Sir Matthew; “ there
was a matter of ,£5,000.”

  “ We cannot,” said my father, “ go be-
hind the verdict of the jury.”

  Sir Matthew turned away and took a
step toward the door.

  “ But,” my father added, “ I will settle
twice the amount on my daughter-in-law.”
“ We will say no more about it,” agreed
Sir Matthew, turning back to the table.

  So the matter rested, and before long I
saw the Maharajah’s rubies round Sylvia’s
neck. But as I sit opposite the rubies and
under Uncle John’s portrait, I wonder very
much what the true story was. Uncle
John was very fond of rubies, yet he was
also very fond of a joke. Was the letter
the truth? Or was it written in the hope
of protecting himself in case his hiding-
place was by some unlikely chance discov-
ered ? Or was it to save the feelings of his
descendants? Or was it to annoy Sir
George Marston’s descendants? I cannot
answer these questions. As the vicar says,
there is no reason to suppose that Uncle
John stole the rubies; yet any gentleman
may well suppose that he stole the rubies.
Uncle John smiles placidly down on me,
with his glass of port between his fingers,
and does not solve the puzzle. He was an
uncommon man, Uncle John !

  At any rate, the vicar was very much
pleased with himself.
McCLUIiE'S MAGAZINE.

A Horse’s Faith (?)

VUE PRINT the following
' * letter of Mr. Davison to
meet the skepticism of those
who, admitting the wonder-
ful effects of the Electropoise,
class it as a “ faith cure.”

  LAME SHOULDER,

Bayne & Davison, 97 Front St.,
New York, April 27, 1895.
Dear Sir:—In regard to your
inquiry as to what success I have
met with in using the horse Elec-
tropoise, would say that it has
done all that I had hoped for. My
mare had been treated by one of
the best-known veterinarians in
this country, for lameness in the
shoulder, for ten days, and at the
end of that time, as she had grown
worse, he told me there was but
one thing left to do—namely, to
blister her. That meant to lay her up for from four to six weeks.

    I laving great faith in the Electropoise for people, I determined to try the instru-
ment on my mare. Three days’ usage showed but little change; however, in six
days I was able to ride her, and she has not taken a lame step since. I have since
used the instrument on the mare for a bad cough, with the same success. Hoping
this letter may do you as much good as the instrument did my horse, I am,

Yours very truly, CLARENCE B. DAVISON.

Oxygen
Home
Remedy
Without

Often...

Cures

 Medicine': 1(01%' f”—I5y jia new method of introducing oxygen directly into the entire
 --- ■ ■ Circulation. Kevitali/.im; mid invigorating diseased ami worn-out organs, rernaer-
 ating the system, puriiying the blood, anil restoring body to its normal condition.

 REV. GEO. C. RE ED II AM,

 TUBS A\(.I,(t..Ut I KK A.V KVA.\(.£LIST.

Pronounced

Incurable

East Noktiifield. Mass., Feb. 1,1897.

I liave Invariably declined giving endorsement to
medicines or agencies for curative purposes; but, after
a faithful use of the Electropoise in niy family, 1 have
had such signal proof of its remedial value that 1 herein
voluntarily testify to its healing virtues. It is my im-
mediate duty to make known its curative properties for
the sake of those who suffer. The Elcctropoise has very
materially benefited myself in dissipating the agonies
of chronic nervous dyspepsia. I re.uret that an unjust
prejudice, founded on misrepresentation, kept me I mm
its beneficent help until recently.

Yours, Gf.o. C. Needham.

 ditor of the
 Assistant

Price, by Express, $to \
Price, by Mail, $10.25 *

 Reduccd from $25

 Delivered in Canada
 free of duty.

REV. \V. II. DePUY, A. M., I). !>.. I).. Edi,

People's Cyclopedia, and for Jifhtn yeurs
Editor of the

MU YORK CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE.

Bible HorsK, Nf.w York. Nov. 17.189C.

I commenced using tlie Electropoise December 10,1803,
for chronic facial neuralgia—a very severe case—and in
a letter of December 30,1893, stated the benefits received
from it. Ey experience with it Since enables me to say
now that my early estimate of its great value as a
general curative has constantly increased with its con-
tinued use in my family and among my Iriends.

w. ii. dePcy.

 Our nz-pagc illustrated booklet, mailed free to any address,
 tells all about the Hlectropoise, and Contains reports from 250
 |>coplc cured by it. Address

ELECTRO LIB RATION CO.

1122 Broadway, NEW YORK

33
MCCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 GoTWN

  (.sceptre

 fftCW*

  VJTvfi?

 oante

 tyxruKg

“ THAT'S IT!”

GOLDEN SCEPTRE. ^perfection

 fop the pipe.
 A Trial Package sent on receipt of ten cents.

 SURBRUG, 159 FULTON STREET, N. Y. CITY.

Please mention*McClurc’s when you write to advertisers.

34

COAL BILLS REDUCED

by using the

Furman Boilers

 200	Styles and Sizes. Burns Hard or Soft Coal.

For Steam or Hot Water Heating.

 Skfe, Substantial, Simple. Portable or Brick Set.
 Write for catalogue and estimates to

THE HERENDEEN MFG. CO.,

Home Office: 13 Lure St., Geneva, N. Y.

/Boston, 54 Oliver Street,

                 J New York. 39 (Jortlandt Street.

                 ) Philadelphia, 1019 Betz Building.
                 Milwaukee, 135 Second Street.

We Make Wagons. only with
Pneumatic
Tires...

BALL BEARING
AXLES (Solid or
Tubular).

Properly constructed, pneumatic tires are just as prac-
tical for carriages as for bicycles. After once using

THE PREMIER ROAD WAGON

you will have no other. Write

THE PREMIER MFG. CO., Hartford, Conn.

A good idea

  is to keep some Pearline
in a sifter, ready to use for
floor-washing, dish-washing, etc.,
etc. You sprinkle a little over the
floor, for instance, and then just wash
it over with a wet cloth. See how
much more convenient to use than soap,
to say nothing of the easier work !

If you’re buying and using Pearline
simply for washing clothes, and not for
all kinds of washing and cleaning,
you’re cheating yourself out of a great
deal of comfort and economy. w
McCL URE'S MA OAZINE.

¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥

*

*

>

*

*

*

*

 &

♦

*

*

*

»

*

*

  fc

*

♦

  s»

*

>

*

*

*

*

>

»

*

*

  i3»

  ?>

 .&

BAZAAR GLOVE=FITTING
PATTERNS

 This Pattern mailed... a s~*.

10

 for ONLY - - -

  Regular I’rice 25c. each

SPECIAL INDUCEMENT

  To sccurc pltmipt rcsponsi:s t<> this advertisement we
  have appropriated 500 copies of “ MODES” by May
  Manton and will mail a copy to every lady who pur-
  chases one of these patterns before tile appropriation is
  exhausted.

  Money will be returned should appropriation be ex-
  hausted when order is received.

  Send at once and secure a copy of this invaluable
  Fashion Publication free. Mention McClukk's.

 No. 7065

Ladies’ Box Plaited
Waist, 32 to 40 inches
Bust Measure.

BAZAAR GLOVE-FITTING PATTERN COMPANY
128-132 White St., New York

*

*

*

♦

*

♦

♦

*

*

♦

♦

♦

♦

♦

4

*

*

♦

♦

♦

*

♦

♦

♦

«

♦

♦

*

♦

*

♦

*

♦

♦

ASSORTED STYLES BOX

 POST-PAID
 50 CTS.

PAPERS AND

ENVELOPES

PO

   5

POST-PAID %
50 CTS. I
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦

     This is a handsome box. containing 36 sheets, no two alike, and 36 envelopes to match, of our
 best papers, in delicate tints and fashionable sizes. It is actually a pleasure to look at them, and a
 privilege to write on them. Every different size in use in good society. If you are a lover of fine
 Stationery, this box will be the very best aid in enabling you to decide just what papers you wish

                            to adopt for your correspondence. Rates by mail or express on papers arc quite inexpensive.
 With this box is included price list and samples of Monograms, Street Dies, Visiting Cards, etc.

 If you cannot find our goods at your stationer’s, may we send you a box and return your money
 if unsatisfactory ? if not, will you send us four cents to pay postage for our sample book ?

 We want you to see our goods.

SAMUEL WARD COMPANY, Paper Merchants *49 BOSTON

                              Correspondence with the Trade solicited.

 BOSTON LINEN
 BOSTON BOND
 BUNKER HILL

■■■■Hr

Reduction in Prices of Hot-Air Pumping Engines

HAVING purchased the extensive plants and stocks of 1 >e Lamater
Iron Works and Rider Engine Co., we beg to announce that we
are able to reduce prices of Rider and Ericsson Hot-Air Pumping
Engines so that they are no longer beyond the reach of buyers of
moderate means. The reduction in price does not imply a lowering
of quality, as the engines will be kept at the same high standard as
maintained by the old Companies for so many years. An engine for
a small country place may now be bought for $100.00. Engines for
heavier work at higher prices.

Catalogue "O" upon application.

RIDER=ERICSSON ENGINE CO.,

22 Cortlandt St., New York. 86 Lake Street, Chicago.
191 high Street, Boston. 29 N. 7th St., Philadelphia.

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

                                    35
MCCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

THE PRUDENTIAL HAS ™E

Strength of Gibraltar

THE PRUDENTIAL

Under

Issues Life Insurance Policies for
MEN, WOMEN, and CHILDREN
$50,000 to $15

 PROFIT-SHARING POLICIES

Premiums payable yearly, half-yearly, quarterly, or weekly.

THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

JOHN F. DRYDEN, President.	Home Office: Newark, N. J.

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

36
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

64 Taken from the Enemy.”

  The following is a translation of part of a speech delivered in
Switzerland, November, 18j6, by M. Edw. Favrc-Perret, the
chief Commissioner in the Swiss department and member of the
Jnternational Jury on watches at the Centennial Exhibition at
Philadelphia, and is worthy the attention of every good
A merican.

 “ Gentlemen, here is what I have seen. I asked
from the manager of the Waltham Company a
watch of a certain quality. He opened before me a
big chest. K picked out a watch at random and fixed
it to my chain. The manager asked me to leave
the watch with them for three or four days, that
they might regulate it. On the contrary, I said
to him, I want to keep it just as it is to get an
exact idea of your workmanship. On arriving at
Locle 1 showed this watch to one of our first
adjusters * * * who took it apart. At the end of
several days he came to me and said literally:

41 am astonished ; the result is incredible. You do
not find a watch to compare with that in 50,000
of our make.’ This watch, I repeat to you,
gentlemen, I myself took offhand from a large
number, as 1 have said. One can understand
by this example how it is that an American
watch should be preferred to a Swiss watch.”

  The watch movement M. Edw. Favre-Perret picked out at random
was a “RIVERSIDEand all that he said of it then, and a good
deal more, is true to-day.

  Do not be misled or persuaded into paying more for a Swiss
watch which is not so good as a WALTHAM.

  Be sure that the name “ Riverside ” is engraved on the plate.

  For sale by all retail jewellers.

Please mention McClure's when yon write to advertisers.

37
 'UDTTivihT

mtil JiLLJ aim JjHJ imi£d ii Eaa

Rigid Bracket, Fits Fork or Head
Light at Any Angle.
Reversible Reservoir.

Glass Protectors to Reflecting Surfaces.

WITHOUT A RIVAL.

EDWARD MILLER & CO

   FACTORIES AND GENERAL OFFICE, MERIDEN, CONN.

Stores: 28-30 W. Broadway, N. Y. 63 I’earl St., Boston.

                                       —	~.N ^ .

MAGAZINE.

THE ONLY AUTOMATIC WICK LOCK

Push the button, turn, and when you let go the wick
is locked automatically.

A Gale won't Blow it Out, Rough
Roads don’t Phase it — Doesn’t
Smoke! Lights the Road for
100 feet. Easiest to Clean.

Jf not sold by your dealer, don't take substitute, we
will send on receipt of s:t. OO. express paid.

SEND FOR PRETTY BOOKLET. FREE.

MATTHlWS & WILLARD MFG. COMPANY,

  40	Murray St., N. Y. Factories: Waterbury,Conn.

PLUGINE

ARRESTS

PUNCTURES

         We positively guaran-
         tee your tires if they
         are treated with Plug-
         ine, "the wheelman’s
         friend.” Two tubes
         enough for two tires,
         sent prepaid for $1.00.
         Circular free.

 The National Specialty Co.,

  87 Euclid av., Cleveland, 0.

McCLURE'S

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

38

A Boon to Cyclists.

BURNIP’S (Patent)

 CHAIN=LINK
 BRUSH

 Cleans Your
 Chain in Two
 Minutes.

    The only
 brush that
 cleans the in-
 terior of the
 links.

    If your dealer does not keep It
 send 50 cent9 to
 L. H. LEADAM, Agent, 81 Pine Street, New York.

Kindly mention this publication.

LL. H. LEADAf

Kit

    UAAAAAAAi

LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAj

AT ALL
DEALERS
ZlcCL Zffl E'S MA OAZINE.

 tl

MIILES

May be made with half the wear upon
wheel and rider, if the chain be well lubri-
cated with Dixon’s Graphitoleo. Helps
you to scorch faster, coast farther and
climb bills easier. Prevents the chain
from wearing and rusting; saves many an
expense for repairs. Made of choicest
graphite, combined with other ingredients
that have been proven perfect—

DIXON’S
Graphitoleo

has an agreeable odor—won’t mould, crumble or catch
dust. Lubricates every |>in and pivot us well as the
sprockets and chains, prevents friction where friction
does the most harm. Sample tube l.'.c. Dixon’s Cycle
Chain Graphite, No. B91, in sticks. 15c. a stick.

  JOS. DIXON CRUCIBLE CO., Jcrney City, N.J.

 UNION

 SP’ECIAL*IOO°-°

 CRACKAJACK III’7500

The two models for SUPERLATIVE...

 ’97 can be truthfully	. QIIPPOR

  characterized as . . .	...am/ bUHtHU.

They combine in their construction to the
greatest degree

HONESTY! SKILL! EXPERIENCE!

  That we have been building pood wheels for
  vear-t, Union riders will concur. This years
  models show a greater advance than any year
  in our history. Send for handsome catalogue,
  and don’t buy without investigratinjc
  our claims.

Union Cycle MTg Co.,

BOSTON, MASS.

""Wheelmen can now get

VIM OID

...AT...

All Drug-Stores.

   Punctures occur most frequently
on days when the bicycle repair
shop is closed; but the drug-store
is always open.

  ASK FOR IT THERE,

and make your own tire repairs.

The genuine Vim oid is contained
in a tube with a red tip.

Fok Sale at Whoi.ksalb only by

McKesson & ROBBINS, New York.
   FULLER & FULLER, Chicago.
   WEEKS & POTTER CO., Boston.

NOTHING CAN HAPPEN TO

DUNLOP

Detachable

Tires

that you cannot easily repair on tlie road, and

 THESE
 ARE THE
 ONLY

TOOLS

YOU’LL

NEED.

Dunlop Tire* are TITRABLE and FAST. The fal>ric
is not vulcanized with the rubber, and retains the strength usually
lost in this process, making the tire hard to puncture and excep-
tionally resilient. There are more Dunlop 'l ire* in use to-day
than all other makes combined. They cost nothing on a new wheel.
Insist on having DUN LOI’S. The tire is the vital part of a bi-
cycle. If you wish to be posted, drop us a card f"r our catalogue,
which we want to send to every prospective purchaser of a bicycle.

AMERICAN DUNLOP TIRE CO.,

CHICAGO:	NEW YORK:	TORONTO:

 134 I~akc St.	504-506 W. 14th St.	36-38 Lombard St.

Please mention McClure's when

39

you write to advertisers,
Me, CL r I! E'S MA GAZIN K.

TWO OP OUR BIG 25c BARGAINS

PERPETUAL DflTER, ?Rc. ELECTRIC STROKE BELL. 25c.

   All your letters, bills and papers should he
     dated ! This Dater adjusts to any desired
     dale instantly and will save you time,
     money and trouble. It is Rapid, Legible and
     costs practically nothing. To present you
     our catalogue of 3000 specialties with a speci-
     men bargain we will send this dater post-
     paid for only 25c., 3 lor 60c.; $2.00
     a dozen.

  CONSECUTIVE NUMBERER,

     numbers from 1 to 10.000, same price. YOU
     need both! AGENTS WANTED.

         The cheapest electric
       stroke Bicycle Hell
       and the greatest bar-
       gain ever offered.

      Pure bell metal beaded
      gong; loud clear ring;

     Perfect continuous
     r i n g i 11 g mechanism;

 Regular price, 60c. To place a sam-
 ple and our great catalogue in consumers'
 hands we mail a sample for only 25
 cents. Send 5 cents extra for postage.

AGENTS WANTED.

Phaetons, Buggies

V«ilii<-I«-*. $10 to $:t00. HariiOM, $5 to $100.

All work guaranteed its represented and sent 011 ap-
proval. Write for our new lllust. Catalog, showing all
the latest designs and prettiest styles. Our goods re-
ceived highest awards. World’s Fair & Atlanta Expo.
Alli»n<‘<‘ t'arria^e Co.,215 Court St..Cincinnati, 0.

 •ntoro hahvijl bah.

BICYCLE SPRINGS M BICYCLE WINGS

JU5T WflAT TOU WAHT (

Terms: CASH with Order, or Serif C.- O. D.
wditp r-OP rim II APS

CRANDALL MACHINE CO.,

GROTON, N. Y.

P AM ERAS *■-

               I	■ r,m	full inslructions

                   W for use. Send 4c in stamps for
                   100-page catalog of everything re-
                   quired for making and finishing
                   photographs complete. All highest
                   lyrade goods at low prices.

                            .IAS. II. SMITH & CO..

                            I) 311 Wabash Ave., Chicago.
     Manufacturers. Importers and Trade Agents.

PIOUS WORDS

          Do not come to those whose cycles and guns get
          gummy and clogged because of the oil they use, but
          Pious Thoughts come to all who use
          ItCLEANS, LUBRICATES and PREVENTS
          RUST. NEVER CUMS. CONTAINS NT
          ACID. Send Two-Cent Stamp for Sample Bottle.

(i. VV. COLE & CO. (Room 40), 1 ■ 1 Broadway, N. Y.

Carriages, Traps,
Harness,
Saddles,

 30 Per Cent Saved
 by Buying Direct
 from our Factory.

       SEFTHAT NU1

       BROOKS ”

M Spring Seat Post

                The Original. The Best. Thousands
                in use. Takes away all jull mid jar.

                Can lip used with any wheel or snd-
                dlc. The only post with an adjust-
                ment to prevent *lde play. Sent
                [’rice, <-'• 0. >'■ on trial. Satisfaction guar-

qq antecd.	mi KNTS WAKTRD.

'= llKUOKS SPIflMi SKAT POST CO.

                                    1640 Marquette llulldlng, Chicago.

EARN a BICYCLE

                              600 Second Hand Wheel*. All

                              Makes. Goodasnew. *& t *15.
                              “■ New High Grade ’90 models,
                              fully guaranteed, *17 to *25.

                             1 Special Clearing Sale.
                             Ship anywhero on approval.

                                    W"** *1" *!»« * rwponriWe
                                    In riu-h town ran on of ramntr wl.roI
                                    to Introduce thrm. Oar repuUtlo'i la
                                    wrU known throughout the country.

                      Writoatonco for our special offer.
                      D. N. MKM> «fc PHEXT1SS, Chicago.

FITS THE yEST POCKET

DODGE CYCLE TOOL.

Closed measures only sj^in. Combines Pump, Wrencli and]
Screwdriver. Material and workmanship guaranteed. Price!
$1.50. Send for circular. BOS WORTH MCH. CO., Milford, Ct.i

    YOUR

      fob

SHIP YOUR WHEEL

 IN THE ....

DO YOU TRAVEL?

  STREAT COLLAPSIBLE BICYCLE CRATE,

SEND POSTAL FOR OCR MAMMOTH CATALOGUE OP 8000 ItARGALNB.

ROBT. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., Mail Order Bargain House, Dept. No. 49, 68 Cortlandt St., N. Y. City.

                     ALWAYS READY FOR USE.

               Can crate your wheel in less than five minutes without the aid of a single tool,
               with PEDA I.S and all on. . . . Price, $L With Canvas Curtains, $(».

Booklet Free. HERBERT Ci. STREAT, Mfr., 270 W. 128th St., New York.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

<10
McCL URE'S MA GAZ1NE.

Adjustable

Money

Bach

Fletcher Bent-Wood
Hickory Handle Bar

Made of selected second-growth
hickory—strong—tough—un-
breakable—highly polished
moisture - proof. Does
away with vibration—
never numbs the hands
or stiffens the arms.

' Will not warp, break,
bend or corrode—is not
'affected by perspiration,
rain or damp. Securely
clamped, without injury to
the wood—cannot slip, work
loose or rattle. Safe—unbreak-
able. Sent, carriage prepaid, to
any address on receipt of price—
$2. If unsatisfactory for any rea-
son, real or fancied, money re-
funded upon return of handle bar.
No words about it.

Covered with Pyralin.

   These bars are also made with a
covering of Pyralin—any color to
match wheel—preserves all the
virtues of the hickory and gives a
beautiful ‘‘finish” to a wheel. Write
for price and booklettellingall about
them.

  SCHAUM & UHLINGER

201	Glen wood Ave., Phila.

Trade prices and full information sent to
dealers upon request.

3 A Ball of Fire is the Fire Ball

Not only a danger signal
for the back of the bicy-
cle, but the finest kind of
a lamp for the front. The
smallest, lightest lamp on
the market. No extra
parts, and nothing to get
out of order. Practically a solid
ball of drawn brass, with large
cut-glass white jewel in front,
green ones at the side and red
clanger signal in the rear. En-
dorsed by the bicycle police of
New York. Price $2.00 By
mail, prepaid, if not obtainable
°£ y°ur dealer.

   The Cycle Danger Signal Co., 107 Chambers St., N. Y. City

No Trouble to Clean
a MARLIN 92 Model

   “Shut Up?

                                         99

   says "the Corker” to the punct-
   ure, and your tire is sound
   again. Always carry

“THE CORKER” !Tr

   a quick mender for cycle tires.
   Twenty-five cents buys enough
   for25 punctures.

“CLINCHIT” Rubber Cement,
  "the stuff that sticks.” Ounce
  tube, postpaid, 15c.

 Circulars free.

THE NATIONAL SPECIALTY CO..
  87 Euclid av., Cleveland, 0.

You can take the action entirely apart a:
illustrated without using: a tool.

This is the rifle made to take 3 different 22
calibre cartridges in one rifle without changc
in adjustment.
In 32 calibre it takes 2 different rim fire and
2	different centre fire cartridges in one rifle.

Send for Catalogue.

THE MARLIN FIRE ARMS CO.,

NEW HAVEN, CONN.

THE BANNER

Is the Cycle Lamp fop ’97.

82-50

WITH RIGID BALL-SOCKET
BRACKET LIKE CUT.

5)4 IN’. HIGH

HANDSOME 1
PRACTICAL!

HONEST!

A powerful light-thrower, having a
8-lncli Double-Convex Polished Optical Lens.

REVERSIBLE OIL POT.
POSITIVE WICK LOCK.
WON'T JOLT OR BLOW OUT.

 Burns kerosene. Solid Rrass, heavily nickel led;
 no solder. $‘2.50 like cut, attachment for head or
 forks. $‘-2.50 with spring bracket. Sent, carriage
 paid, on receipt of price when not kept by dealers.
 Send for illustrated catalogue.

Boston. PLUME 4 ATWOOD MFG. CO.

Chicago. Kactobiks: Vatcrbury and Thouuuton, Conn.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

41
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 WESTERN WHEEL WORMS. .

ITT CHICAGO. _ _ NEWYORH. Tfc^ ,

                            $100 FOR A WHEEL                             
                            NOT A CENT LESS                              
 > | fHE average buyer can never tell whether he gets his money's worth  
 *• when he pays $100 for a wheel. The chances are after he rides it     
 he can tell. High grades and second grades look enough alike to be      
 deceptive to the eye. But cheapness yields to the test of experience.   
 Why not avoid risk and buy a tested wheel? The CRIMSON RIM              
 for example. It is backed by “CRIMSON RIM QUALITY.” The                 
 Syracuse Cycle Company, Syracuse, N. Y., make the CRIMSON RIM           
 and it is sold everywhere by authorized agents.                         
                            THE CRIMSON RIM                              
                          WORTH WHAT IT COSTS                            
in -——---- m

Please mention McClure’s when you writ3 to advertisers.

42
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

  Easy in mind and body

For the ’97 Model Mesinger, with spiral springs, is as healthy as it is comfortable,
because woven rattan, being wood fibre, cannot stretch or sag. But the weaving makes
the seat springy. Therefore the pelvis bones rest on the wide, flat back of the saddle,
and the body does not touch the pommel. The V opening relieves all injurious
pressure, and every curve of the saddle conforms to the body.

    Our style of saddle is recommended by physicians as most healthy; by four
hundred thousand riders as healthy, comfortable and durable, and is the most widely
imitated saddle in the world. Can anyth ng be more convincing that it combines
health and comfort to perfection ? The imitations all lack the essential feature—
woven rattan, because, being wood fibre, it cannot stretch or sag, but the weaving
makes it springy. Price, $3.50, with or without spiral springs, in 8, 9, or 10-inch widths.
Drop a postal for booklet about saddles by teachers, doctors, lawyers, etc.

HULBERT BROS. & CO.

^	SPORTING GOODS

33 West Twenty-third Street
NEW YORK

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

43
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

MONARCH

  CYCLE

MFGCO

     1 w K Tandems, $100

                  Boys’ and Girls’ BicycSes
IrHHR $45, $40, $35

Simple, durable machines of fine workmanship
and handsome finish. Guaranteed for one year.
eRHWFORO MFG. e©.,

Send for Catalogue.	Hagerstown, Md.

SEND FOR (.
CATALOGUE

 CHICAGO
 NEW YORK

LONDON

Take

ACME

a
Minute

and a postal and
write for our
art catalogue of

. . . Acme Bicycles

    Then you will understand how to buy direct
    from the maker,

GET THE DEALER’S PROFITS

and a high grade wheel at manufacturer’s price.
ACflE CYCLE CO., P. O. Box A, Elkhart, Ind.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

44

Pits

the P[ips” %

and follows their every movement.
“Snugly ensconced”—that’s the idea !

A secure and easy seat. It’s ball
bearing; feature gives it a smooth and
unresisting motion which conforms
to the various positions of the body
in cycling. The only true health
saddle is

  The National Ball Bearing Saddle

There is absolutely no pressure upon tender parts. You rest firmly upon the body’s £
natural cushion—the fleshy portion of the hips. Less friction, less labor. A beauti-
ful saddle; any color; tits any wheel and any style of seat post; springs adapted to any
weight.

                 Dealers sell it. or, sent prepaid for $5.00. Booklet mailed free. Ladies are invited to
                 correspond with our lady manager regarding the health qualities of this saddle.

The [National Specialty Go., 87 Euclid Ave., Cleveland, o.

Show this to your Doctor.

 He will withdraw all objections to cycling.
 Makes riding what it should be.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

                           Takes pictures 3^x4^

Mfijgfij Warranted equal to any $5.oocamera made. Q	a

nH Covered with the finest grain leather,	*

fJM Carries three Double Plate Holders. Fitted	C ft if'
with Meniscus Achromatic Lens, and im- V rill 9
S proved Shutter, adapted for Time, Instant-

  ■I aneous, and Flashlight Pictures.	*

-	Descriptive Circular Free.	if'

(ByF The aiken-Gleason Co., la crosse, wis. ?

All Kinds of Cameras—Big and Little.	^

HADE BY THE
MARTPORD RUBBER
WORKS CO.
HARTFORD
CONN.^

NEW YQR^diKAGG

•	.• PEI I LADELPfrllA
BOSTON; BUEFMO
MINNEAPOLIS
BALTIMORE

GUARANTEED ABSOLUTELY PERFECT |

The Imperial Ball-Bearing Axle!

1897 PATTERN

Patents applied for in all civilized countries.

 The Imperial Ball-Bearing Axles reduce friction
 75	per cent.; are practical on all vehicle wheels;
 can be applied to old as well as new work ; are
 dust and water proof.
 A guarantee with each set of axles.

     Western Distributing Agency of
     Hartford Vehicle Rubber Tires

 If your carriage builder has no facilities to put this
 tire on your vehicle wheels, ship us your wheels—
 we will put the best vehicle rubber tire made on
 your wheels and return same within 48 hours.
 Write for free catalogue, testimonials and infor-
 mation.

KELLEY, MAUS & CO.

Address:	184-190 Lake Street, CHICAGO, ILL.

C. B. VON BIEDENFELD, Manager

439 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, III.

The Imperial Ball-Bearing Axle & Vehicle Rubber Tire Dept.

FU LL Or LI EE

Tf Vou Are In need

of a Camera that will produce a perfect picturc, obtain

Cbe fiawk eye, %

which will be found

a faithful friend at all times

      The simplicity of its working parts enables the novice to obtain
 results that will astonish old photographers.

 Loads in daylight and uses either roll film or glass plates.

Size, 4}ix4%x6% in. Photo, 3^X3K in* Weight, 20 oz.

DRT47 C,	A A Send for catalog, giving description of all

                                 kinds of Cameras.

THE BLAIR CAMERA CO., 22 Randolph St., Boston, Mass.

 AMERICA’S REPRESENTATIVE BALL-BEAR I NO AXLE
 THE ANTI-FRICTION AXLE OF THE WORLD
M COMPARE CAMERAS before investing in

M
i
m

THE PREMO

    or after. We court comparison with other makes. It will make
the prospective purchaser a purchaser
in fact. It will satisfy the person who
13' 1111	already owns one that he has the best.

n| III] II	The perfect simplicity, adaptability and

-round con pie eness of The
Premo commend it to all photog-

raphers, professional or amateur.

7LX	_^s.e-=-i.-ro.jE-':J{^^l	J	Send for samples of i.s work.

& Rochester Optical Co., 42 South St., Rochester, N. Y.

Piease mention McClures when you wnte 10 advetUsets.

46

McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

THOUSANDS VERIFY THAT

VIVE

_ $5.00

Cameras

LEAD EVERYWHERE.

Kach $5.00 Instrument will expose
18 Glass Plates or
50 Cut Films, 4% x 4XA, or

anysize under.without reloading,

while our $7.50 Vive will likewise
expose double of the same size of
cach.

The $5.00 includes >2 Metal, com-
bination reducing Glass Plate and
Film Holders.

AVOID buying a Camera where
the required additional Glass
Plate Holders alone doubles the
advertised price, and then you can
not carry them in the camera.

Size, 4% x 5x754. Handsomely
covered with heavy, black, seal
stamped leather.

large, brilliant, centered,
square finder.

New 18973-time pneumatic finger
release shutter. Nothing equal
to it.

1897 Vives also in 4 x 5 and 5x7
sizes, also same sizes in the best apd
cheapest folding cameras made.

Every Camera guaranteed to
take as good photos as ‘‘aninple pic-
ture"” mailed.

Kxumination allowed at Express
Office.

Bclore buying any other send 2-cent
stamp for 1897 Art Catalogue, containing
sample pictures: or 3 cents extra for finely
embossed mounted photograph.

VIVE CAMERA COMPANY

HOME OFFICE,

501 Association Itldir., Chicago.

N Y. Office, 207 Cable Bldg., Broadway.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

"Quad” Camera

Is Compact, Comprehensive, $£‘00
Inexpensive and COMPLETE for ^

No Extra Charge. The advertisements of

                      ■ — a great many of the so-
called $5.00 Cameras are intended to deceive the pur-
chaser and we have no doubt they do sometimes.
They claim to sell a camera for $5.00 to hold almost
any number of plates, but when you send your $5.00 you get ONE plateholder witli
a. capacity of two plates and a “quiet ’’‘notice to send from $1.00 to §4.00 extra
for more plateholders to make your camera complete.

The “QUAD” holds four plateholders and
YOU GET THEM ALL FOR $5.00

Makes a picture nearly as large as a half page of this magazine. Don’t purchase a camera until you receive the
“ Quad ” booklet and sample picture, guaranteed to be made with the “ Quad ” and not taken out of the center of
an 8x10 negative. Send 2 cents in stamps to

EDWARD G. CONE, 810 Champlain Building, CHICAGO

ALL KINDS OF AMATEUR SUPPLIES

Western Branch, 927 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.	E. & H. T. ANTHONY & CO., 591 Broadway, New York,

                                                                                                    Eastern Trade Agents lor the " Quad."

 Do you Know about j

 The New Camera?!

     The first one with which Amateurs can do Professional work. I
 Results equal the work of $25 cameras. No failures. No mistakes, I
 No light-struck plates. You can’t help doing expert work with it. •

me Adlake Camera i

00

 Made to open in

  BROAD DAYLIGHT

 For loading and adjustment. Each
 camera Fitted with 12 single metal
 plate holders* light proof and dust
 proof# No “extras" needed.
 Get gour plates angwhere.

     Our11 Adlake Camera Book” tells all
 about it. Free for the asking. Sample
 mounted photograph 5cts. in stamps.

 COnPLETE WITH TWELVE HETAL
 LIGHT - TIGHT PLATE HOLDERS,

  Prepaid to any part of the United States

    Takes J2 pictures on glass plates at one loading. Takes
  a standard size plate 4x5 inches and cuts a sharp, clear picture
  to the extreme edge. Is fitted with an expensive, extra rapid
  achromatic lens, specially ground*

  'J’HE Adlake Shutter has no
  projecting levers, nothing
  to break off, give out or get
  lost, and the diaphragm has
  three stops. Camera has find-
  ers for horizontal and perpen-
  dicular pictures and two tripod
  sockets. Handsomely covered
  with seal grain leather.

The Adams & Westlake Company, 118 Ontario Street, Chicago. |

                    Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

                                      47
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

HAIR ON	THE FACE, NECK OR ARMS

QUICKLY DISSOLVED AND REMOVED WITH THE NEW SOLUTION

Jpt ___OD6N 0__*__

J	AND Till: QBOWTH DK8TK0YEP WITHOUT THE 8M0HTKST INJURY oil * • .

7	3	*	* _PI8C0L0RAT10W Of THK MOOT DKLICATK 8KI8.—PIBCOVEHKI' BV ACQIPBNT.

J C rjTA	In Compounpins, an Incomplete mixture was accidentally spilled on ilie back of the band, and on washing
afterward it was disiovered that the iiair was completely removed. We purchased the new olscovery and

\Bk	named it. MODENE. It is perfectly pure, free from all injurious substances, and so simple any one can nse It.

tGy \\	It acts mildly but surely, and you will be surprised and delighted with the results. Apply for a few.minute*.

/J! >Vi	and the hair disappears ns if by magic. It has no resemblance whatever to any other preparation ever used for

/fj	a like purpose, ana no scientific discovery ever attained such wonderful results. I’!1 CANNOT KA 11..

\y/( /IM'XjTt: j I\	If the growth be lisht, one application will remove it; the lieavv irrowth such as the beard or hair on moles

4 mWa (/ \	may require two or more applications before all the roots are destroyed, although all hate will be removed at

/ j /] \	e:u'.h application, and without the slightest injurv or unpleasant feelimr w hen applied or ever afterward.

I	\	-MO DENE SUPERSEDES ELECTROLYSIS.--

/ )	RECOMMENDED by all who have tested its merits-used by people of refinement.

\ b / •/	Gentlemen who do not. appreciate nature’s gift of a beard, will find a priceless boon in Modene,which does awav

\ \ / TA ,	with shavinn. It dissolves th<* life principle of the hair, and is guaranteed to be as harmless ate water to the

\	8k,n* Young person# who find an embarrassing growth of hair coming, should use Modene to destroy its

x X w w	erowD'. Modene sent by mail, in safetv mailing cases, postage paid (securely sealed from observationi, on

/Kjf\/ 7	receipt of price, $1,00 per bottle. Send money by letter, with your full address written plainly. Orn-

^	anondence sacnedly private. Postage stamps received the same as cash, always mention youb county

[f \ VA.a	and this papeb. (Cut this out as it may not appear again.)

'‘iWll I III 111	LOCAL AND ) MODENE MANUFACTURING CO.. CINCINNATI. OHIO. U.S.A.

^I'rllliI I V	GENERAL AGENTS - M.tNCKtCTlMtKim ok THK llifillKST fill *i»k H aih I’IIKIMK\ri«*\s.

* • M H III 1 1 •“*	WANTED. ' You can register your letter at any Post-office and insure its safe delivery._j5fJ

WE OFFER $1 ,000 FOR	FAILURE OR THE SLIGHTEST INJURY. EVERY BOTTLE GUARANTEED.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

48

ar

rQ

ME-GRIM-INE

A positive and permanent euro for
ME-GlilM (A llalf-lleuducbrj
and all other forms of

headache or Neuralgia.

Headache Cured Free

     by sample mailed you if this paper
is mentioned. The moro promptly
headaches nre relieved the less fre-
quent will be their return untii
permanently cured. Sold by all drug-
gists. SO CENTS I’l lt ItOX.

TIIK DR. WIIITKIIAM. MKfilllJUNK CO.,
South lleml, Iuil.

CAMERA

REVERSIBLE SWIN(i BACK
RISING AND SWING FRONT

5x7, fitted with Rapid Rectilinear l ens,

U.& I.. Shutter.and two I >oul>Ie Holders, $60. Semi /or Free
8 X 10, without lens and shutter, . . . 50. . Illustrated

614x814.............45- • • Booklet.

5x7..............35-

Send for Free Pamphlet of $5 and $8 Cameras.

PatalncrnQ a‘* kinds of cameras and all requisites r»Qp
Ud Id IUf;UC for photography, mailed on application. II bb

We recommend PJIMAV 11 DV Dl A TCC They are quick
to amateurs Lf L11TIA A U II I I LA I LO and reliable.

•I he INTERNATIONAL ANNUAL, Vol. IX., 100 illustrations,
80 practical articles on photography, now ready.

Price, 75 cents; postage, 15 cents.

E. & H. T. ANTHONY & CO.

591 Broadway, New York.

CO Enjoy Vour Uacation thoroughly

take along a Camera to record the many
incidents and scenes that please the eye.

THE DEXTER, - - $4.00

Makes pictures 3^ x 3J4 inches.

THE CYCLONE, - $6.00

Makes pictures 4x5 inches.

   Both Cameras are fitted with corrected Achromatic
Lenses that are universal in focus, have Time and
Instantaneous Shutter, and are nicely covered with
black Morocco grain leather.

Send 5 cents for sample photo and catalogue.

mestern Camera Itlfg. Co.,

HARTFORD BUILDING, 82 ADAMS STREET,

41	UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK._CHICAGO.

  SUPERFLUOUS HAIR

^MARLBOROUGH

When yon have tried all other
“ removers,” write me. I ad-
vertise blit little, my friends
keep me busy by sending others.
1 have no quicklime, soapstone,
sulphur or electrical “specific.”
I have the true secret of kill-
ing the liair bydissolving roots.
Hair never returns. OveriXKlO
eases successfully treated last
year. Send two stamps for pri-
vate sealed information. My
personal attention given you.
Mrs. HUI-FNS. MA1SKO,

Am. Tract Soc. lildg., New York City, N. Y.
McCL VUE'S MA OA ZINK.

 A New Camera Principle

  No roll film, film. holders or plate holders,
  or changing sleeve or bag. Twice as many
  pictures one-third larger than any other pocket
  camera. The latest development in camera
  construction.

t

 vf/

THE WILLSIE POCKET CAMERA

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

 fa

  lv\_.

 measures 4x3x2^ inches, weighs five ounces, carries
 from 1 10 24 cut films, 2f4"Xs$i inches. Each film
 can be labeled at time of exposure, or taken out for
 development without disturbing the others.

 The camera is provided with a set of three stops,
 a view finder, and is covered with grain leather.

Price $5:00
The Willsie Camera Co.

 134 Van Buren St., Chicago, III.

 \»/
 \t>

 vl/
 \?>
 \f/
 \l>

1
V*/
«>
\lI

m
w
$

 v>

w

w

 v»

Take pictures
on your wheel
with the Baby Wizard

   Don't fail to take the "BABY WIZARD ” with you on your
 trip. Did you >;ct a catalogue of the “ Baby Wizard”? It not
 send for one and see our new $5.00 Camera.

 New catalogue now ready, sent to any address

   MANHATTAN OPTICAL CO., OF N. Y.

        FACTORY AND EXECUTIVE OFFICES

            CRESSKILL, N. J.

Please mention McClure’s when vou write to advertisers.

Does Not Curl.

   Properly handled, Eastman’s
Film does not Curl. And to
properly handle Eastman’s Film
is so easy that the ‘"Curl” can
be said to exist only in the
imaginations of a few beginners
who have listened to the vagaries
of the manufacturers of cheap
plate cameras. A little pre-
liminary soaking in cold water
with the face of the film down
will make it lie as flat as a glass
plate. Development follows just
the same as for plates, but with
the film face down instead of
face up. Handle the films one
at a time at first, just as you
would be obliged to do with
plates, and you will find them
fully as easy to manipulate—
and they won’t break. After a
little experience you can handle
several films in the developer at
one time—an impossibility with
plates. Photography is Easy
with a Film cartridge camera.

Cartridge Cameras, $5.00 to $25.00.

Booklet free at agencies or by mail.

 $2,853.00 in Prizes for
    Kodak Pictures.
    $1,475.00 in Ciold.

Send /or “Prize Contest"
Circular.

EASTMAN

KODAK COMM,

Rochester, N. Y,

“THE LADIES’ PET”

Smallest and strongest 4x5
camera in the world, only 2-M?
inches thick, has our best double
lens, together with all known
improvements; can be
carried in any valise or
satchel in traveling.

   Also see the BO-
 PEEP C. Camera,
 with the extra long
 bellows extension,
 especially arranged
 for long distance
 views and portrait
 photography.

 EVEfUTKIKG PERT .IXINB TO PHOTOGRAPHY FURNISHED AT LOWEST PRICES

40
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Wr;

   This dainty little dress
is better than words to J
prove the economy and ^
satisfaction of clothing^
children at the

CHILDREN’S V
STORE” \

   Muilo uf line imin*ook, Vokr, i.l all
mcr-cmhroidurj', Itulllc over MiouMeiv,
\V«lo Skirl (‘J vnnU m-oumt), Klcevi*
»ml Neck IIui-luil uiUi line cmliruiili'r-
cit cilgc, me-; six months I a tno jrs.,

By mail, postage paid, 5c. extra,4.—]i
;For over	»

700 Other Illustrations

\ Of the advantages of clothing
    Boys, Cirlx anil Babies here,
    .send for our Catalogue. Frco
    X for four ecats postage.

GUARDED SPRING
PREVENTS ALL CATCHING
OR TEARING OF MATERIAL

                                Is secured by using the

              Improved

              Washburn
               Fasteners

                                       as applied to

                         BAC1IELOKS’
                         BUTTONS,
                         HOSE

                      SUPPORTERS,
                      CUFF
                      HOLDERS,
                      DRAWERS
                      SUPPORTERS,
                      PENCIL
                      HOLDERS,
                      NECKTIE
                      HOLDERS,
                      EYE-GLASS
                      HOLDERS.
                      KEY CHAINS.

                                      The simplicity, yet
                                      bull - dojf tenacity,
                                      of this little article
                                      makes it the Ideal
                                      fastener.

                              The wonderful
utility of thwe
vnrloiiH article* make* their pnrehu»e 11 nccciwltf
where their jrreut merit 1» umlerntood.

  Any of above sent postpaid on reccipt of 10c., except
Aluminum and i’hosphor-Hroiizc Key Chains, which are 25c.
■pppp f Handsomely Illustrated Catalogue sent on
i . rc<luest.

AMERICAN RING CO.,

Dep’t Q. Waterbury, Conn.

     Patented April 25th, 1893
     ELASTIC RIBBED

UNION SUITS

 are complete undergar-
 ments covering the en-
 tirebodylike an addition-
 al skin. Perfectly elastic,
 fitting like a glove, but
 softly and without pres-
 sure. No buttons down
 the front. Made for Men,

 W omen,and Y oun gPeo-
 ple. Most convenient to
 put on or off, being en-
 tered attop and drawn on
 like trousers. With no
 other kind of underwear
 can ladies obtain such
 perfect fit for dresses or
 wear comfortably so
 small a corset.

 Send for illustrated booklet. J

   ONEITA KNITTING- MILLS, t

          office:

 No. 1 Greene St., NewYork. I

Stewart’s Duplex
Safety Pins

IN ALL SIZES

the GUARD

must be on inside of spring.
DUPLEX SAFETY PINS

have the only effective Guard to prevent catching or
tearing. It is on the arm of pin that passes through the
cloth. Patented and cannot be used on any other pin.

DUPLEX PINS work as easily in the dark as in the
light; fasten from either side, but cannot slip through.

 Dealers mav offer you o'her pins claimed as good. It
 is your imerest to buv “Stewart’s Duplex,’ the best
 and only pin having the guard inside, where it is ef-
 fective. .

 Made in nickel plate and jet black.

12 assorted samples /or 3 two-cent stamps.

CONSOLIDATED SAFETY PIN CO.

Box 18, Bloomfield, N. J.

Makers 0/Holdfast Aluminum Hair Pins.

                   NS2

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

50
6>

McCL UHE'S MA GA ZINE.

“HTHERE’S a Blue and a Better
* Blue,” says the Cant Proverb.
There are Bindings and
Better Bindings, but.....

Only ONE BEST! GENUINE

MADE AND STAMPED BOTH SIDES ALIKE
Send for sample and catalogue

Wilbur 5hirt & Collar (ptn.yy j

Comfort

Comes

       with the
       adoption of

Underwear

 It conforms to the
 lines of the figure
 perfectly. No pinch-
 ing or wrinkling, no
 slipping up or down.
 The best for men
 and women. Our
 book thoroughly ex-
 plains its hygienic
 principles — mailed
 free.

HAT 4 TODD MFG. CO.

Ypsilanti, Mich.

 • Never rip and never tear
 Ypsilanti Underwear."

  It LOOKS so ELEGANT.
  It LIES so SMOOTH.
  It DOES NOT FRAY.

It is a PERFECT BINDING.
LOOK ON THE BACK for the letters S> H. <5t Mi

It’s the Only Way to tell the Genuine.

If your dealer will not supply you we will.

Satnfiles showing labels and materials mailed free.

S. H. & M. Co., P. O. Box 699, N. Y. City.

 Soft and velvety to the most sensitive skin.
 The best safeguard to health in our climate.
 For men, women, and children.

 The perfected result of years of experience.

Write for Illustrated Booklet.

ROOT MANUFACTURING CO.,
2 Greene St., New York.

 Nature L

 Wool J

Underufeai

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.
McCL URE'S MAGAZIN E.

Durkee’s Salad Dressing

         THE WORLD S STANDARD FOR PURITY FOR 29 YEARS. E. R. DURKEE & CO. WERE AWARDED
         THE WORLD S FAIR MEDAL FOR SUPERIORITY TO ALL OTHERS FOR ALL THEIR CONDIMENTS

                        ALWAYS READY

                                ALWAYS GOOD

                                                                     An unequalled mayonnaise
                                                                     for salads, cold meat, raw
                                                                     tomatoes, pickled salmon,
                                                                     etc. Always alike . . .

Costing

  only

2 per plate
     of Salad

  •• Always have an anchor anif a bottle of DURKKK’S
SAI.AD DRESSING oil board." Don Quixote, Vol. 7,
Chap. 4.

      PREPARED WITH EXTREME CARE FROM THE
      FRESHEST, PUREST, AND CHOICEST
      CONDIMENTS.

        Warranted to Keep Good for Years.

            For sale by all dealers in fine groceries. If your grocer does not
        keep it don't 1st him sell you any other for his own profit; insist on
        his getting you the genuine. This, like all other good things, has
        imitators, always cheaper.

           Large Size, 50 cts.; small Size, 25 cts.

            Booklet, “Salads; How to Make
                    and Dress Them.' ’

 CAM DIE enough io dress salad for four persons,

 OAlfll LL,	mailed for 10 cents.

 E. R. DURKEE & CO., - 138 Water Street, New York

When in Doubt

 always use

   CURTICE BROTHERS’

BLUE LABEL
TOMATO
KETCHUP

    IT HAS NO SUPERIOR
    OR EQUAL .....

 Sold Only in Bottles.

Ask Your Grocer for It.

 Wc also prepare Canned Fruits and Vege-
tables, Preserves, Jellies, Jams, and Meat
Delicacies. Write for Priced Catalogue.

CURTICE BROTHERS CO.

Rochester, N. Y.

Please mention McClure's

 ■y/

ud y

 >ff\

   Place
   of

  Honor

   in the

Picnic

Hamper

 should be accorded that dainty luncheon
 or ample meal—

BOSTON

BAKED

Van Camp’s
  Pork and Beans

 Delicious hot or cold. Open the can and they’re ready
 for eating. Van Camp’s are the original pork and beans.
 Others are steals on name and idea. All grocers sell
 them. Send 6c in stamps for sample can. Booklet free.
 Van Camp's Macaroni and Cheese, with
 tomato sauce—something new—the choicest
 kind of eating. Cans at grocers, 10c, 16c, 20c.

VAN CAMP PACKING CO.,

303 Kentucky Ave., - Indianapolis, Ind.

 when you write to advertisers.

 52
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

                         Chocolate
                         Bonbons

Name on Every Piece.

\ DAINTY, DELICIOUS, PURE

                                    3 Sample package

                                                         of our finest goods for JO
                                                         cents in stamps.

                                                               When not to be had of dealers we will
                                                               send on receipt of price, 1-lb. box, 60c.;
                                                               2-lb. box, $1.20; 3-lb. box, $1.80; 5-lb.-
                                                               box, $3. Delivered free in United States.

THE WALTER M. LOWNEY CO., 103 Pearl St., Boston, Mass

  It Ts Perfectly Safe

 to eat tomatoes or other acidulous vegetables
 that are cooked in “AGATE NICKEL-STEEL
 WARE.” This ware is double coated and con-
 tains no arsenic, antimony, lead or other poison-
 ous ingredient. Every utensil made from it
 bears this trade-mark on the bottom—

    It is the handsomest, best wearing, purest
 and strongest enamel ware made.

     All high-class dealers sell it. Write for our
 f ree booklet, containing the guarantees of eminent
 chemists.

                                              21 Cliff St.
                                              New York

(MANY

daiish

DiSMES

 can be prepared at trifling; expense
 with The Enterprise Meat Chopper,
 “Left overs" can be daintily utilized
 and salads, chowders, croquettes,
 patties, fritters, hash, sausage and
 scrapple prepared in almost no time
 with this marvelous little machine*

  The Enterprise

New Meat Chopper

 chops anything- from codfish to co-
 coanuts, without waste or muss. In
 two pieces, can be cleaned in a min-
 ute, always ready for use.

  No. 2, 81.75. No. 4,52.25. Sold by
  all hardware dealers. Our trade
  mark, “Enterprise,” is on
  every machine. Send4cts.
  in stamps for the “Enters
  prising Housekeeper.”

 Two hundred recipes.

  THE ENTERPRISE MFG. CO. of TJ ,

                                               Philadelphia.

 Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

53
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

I Uric Acid Poison^

I

Slays Its Thousands

URIC ACID POISON results from the accumulation and deposition of Uric Acid or its Salts In the

IJrtemic Coma and Convulsions, and often makes its appearance during and especially alter Scarlet and

  BUFFALO

  LiTHIA WATER

A POWERFUL, ANTIDOTE

        This water dissolves and eliminates from the system any deposition of Uric Acid or its Salts, and is a
   GREAT NATURAL SPECIFIC for these conditions and all others caused by Uric Acid Poison. Taken as a
   common beverage or table water, it acts us a PREVENTIVE of the accumulation and deposition of Uric Acid
   or its Salts, and of all maladies consequent upon such deposition and accumulation. The claim here made for
   this water Is abundantly and emphatically attested by medical men who are regarded as authority wherever
   medical science is known.

    Buffalo lithia water Pamphlets^on application. ^ ^ ^

  | Spring open for guests June 15 to Oct. 1.	PKOPKI KTOIC, Buffalo Litlila Spring**, Va. Ijj|

   IErElS^5L5Tr=Lsi ;dis] -dis^n tJ_^i tLn	:E15^Ln

! TUBE.

  J But dev let e»«r

  *	Invented to
  I prevent
  | imd
  »

  *

  I
  I

                                          rare Colds, Catarrh, !
 Consumption, Asthma and nil |
 Throat disvasea. Invaluable lor public |
 speakers and linger! for improving voice. |
 k ■	send ntnmp for description and testimonials to j

 iC.H YCIENIC SUPPLY CO^, Boston, Mass.»

fTHEl

DEAF

“Common Sense Ear Drums”

Relieveall conditionsof lleaftaen
and Head AioiHCH, where Medical
skill fails. The only Scientific
i Aural Mound Conductor in the
world. Safe to wear, comfortable,
[invisible; no dangerous wire or
metal attachment, uecommended
by physicians. Write for book. Free.
WILSON EARDRUM CO.,
ntn (108Trust Bldg. Louisville. Ky.
Offices j 112a Broadway, New York.

nriN’T RF PflflR $2-200 A YEAR EASY-

 UUH I DC ruun Ladies or Cents taking orders.
 Holding Vapor Bath Cabinet, 50,000 sold. Everybody, sick
 or well, buys. Business Men, Families, Physicians. Tur-
 . klsh, KumIhii, Sulphur. Medit ated Vapor
 1 Itutlin at home. No Bath Tubs or Dr. bills. Ken-
 lovates system, prevent)* dl»cnxc, Obesity.
 |Curcs without Medicine, Coldn, Khciiuiu-
 tl«in, LntJrlppe, Neuralgia, Malaria, Ecze-
 ma, Catarrh, Bright’s Disease, Headaches, Blood,
 Sldn, Nerve and Kidney Diseases; ItcHUtlflcH
 Complexion: Guaranteed. Made of best Antiseptic
 Rubber Cloth; coppered frame. Wt. 5 lbs. Price
 Wholesale to Agents. Book Free.

           W. \VOKLI> MFfi. CO., COLUMBUS, O.

i|i5.00.

■fl - JWi I..HUBERT’S

Malvina cream

T» Complexion.
Kfmoves all Freckles, Tan, Sunburn, Pimples, Liver
Moles and other imperfections. A'ot covering but revioo-
mo all blemishes, and permanently restoring the com-
plexion to its original freshness. For salo at Dr-------

nATlf nnxtnniil nn ra/<aint	TT.. 1 m « 1

----“ Yi 0	»»vuuuuoo, x'ui tui

gent postpaid on receipt of oOc. Use I
MALVINA ICHTHYOL SOAP
£o Cents u Cake*

e at Druggists, of

Prof.I.fiubert

TOLEDO. O.

BLINDNESS PREVENTED

The Absorption Treatment.

 Two of the seven large buildings at Bemis Sanitarium.

A HEAVEN SENT BLESSING.” NO WAITING TO
BE BLIND. NO KNIFE. NO RISK.

                                                             A. B. Colvin, State Treasurer of New York, and a resident of
                                                        Glens Falls, writes: “The history of the Bemis Sanitarium and its
                                                        advance by marvelous strides is due to Edward H. Bemis, Eye
                                                        Specialist, whose marvelous success makes his name familiar to
                                                        thousands all over the United States and in many foreign lands, and
                                                        God speed him.”

                                                             Pamphlets free explaining the cause 0/ impaired 7/is ion and
                                                        diseased eyes. Their treatment, at home by mail, or at our Sani-
                                                        tarium by the absorption treatment, which has given relief to
                                                        thousands becoming blind. Address

BEMIS SANITARIUM, Glens Falls, N. Y.

Mention McClure's Magazine.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

54
McGLURE'S MAGAZINE.

If You Doubt

you are cordially invited to read the following authentic and unsolicited letters. We have
many thousand. They come every day. Everybody should use our Hair Brush.

                West Union. Iowa.

Dear Sir: 1 have your Electric Hair
Brush ami have used it four tceeks; it
works like, a charm. Enclosed ideas?
find for one of your Abdominal
Corsets. If it {/ives me as much satis-
fiction as Hour Brush I will recom-
mend them to all. Yours truly,

              MATTIE S. CRIST.

                Hamilton, Ohio.

Dear Sir: Having used your Elec-
tric Hair Brush for the last two years.

I	find it has preserved my hair and
has also relieved m ij headaches.

Yours truly,

              JOS. F. FISHER.

                    Bedford. Ind.

Dear Sir: Please scud me one of
Hour Hair Brushes. This is the sec-
ond Electric Brush I have sent for.
We all like, it and cannot hare too
many in our home. Yours truly.

           JOHN DURHAM.

                 NoblesviHe, Ind.

Dear Sir. Your Electric Hair Brush
is a wonder-worker for me. It has
stooped my hair from falling out and
made a new growth come in.

Yours truly,

MRS. RENA CASTILE.

                 Nobtesville, Intl.

Dear Sir: lam hiijlily pleased with
your Electric Hair Brush. We all
think it very nice. It makes one's
hair much nicer than any other brush
we ever used, and I cannot praise it
too highly. Respect fully,

              MRS. R. G. LUCUS.

Dr. Scott’s
Electric Hair Brush

Will positively cure Nervous Headache in 5
minutes I Bilious Headache in 5 minutes! Neu-
ralgia in 5 minutes! Failing Flair and Baldness!
Dandruff and Diseases of the Scalp !

Promptly arrests pit-maturo gray ties*. Makes the hnir prow
long anil glossy. Immediately soothes the weary brain.

ABSOLUTELY FREE TRIAL

for six months; then, if not perfectly satisfied
that it is exactly what we claim it to be. re-
turn it and your money will be refunded.

PRICES No- 1 Hair Brush, $1. No. 2 Hair Brush, $1.00
. No. 3 Hair Brush, $2. No. 4 Hair Brush, $2.50
No. 6 Hair Erush, $3.

Quality the same in all; the price differs only according io
                      sizo and power.

                     Carmel. Intl.

Dear Sir: I have hem using one of
your Electric llair Brushes for bald-
ness. 1 have been bald for over eight
years, and I am happy to say I am
having a n<~w growth of hair which is
truly a wonder. It is un excellent
brush for the hair. Respectfully.

HENRY C. HORNBAKER.

                     Columbia, III.

Dear Sir : I am using one of your
Electric Hair Brushes. My hair hail
been falling out and I hail used differ-
ent kinds of remedies without satis-
faction, but your brush relieved me
inside of four weeks. My hair does
not fall out now. Respect fully,

MARY VOELCKER.

Dr. Scott's Electric Hair
Brusll is for sale at all drug and
dry goods stores. Ask for Dr.
Scott’s; take no other; see that
name is on the box, or we will send
on approval, postpaid, on receipt of
price and ten cents for postage, and
it you arc not well satisfied with
your bargain, write us and we will
return the money We refer you to
the publisher of this magazine, or to
the Commercial Agencies as to our
responsibility.

 Dr. Scott’s Electric Corsets, SI, $1.25.	82 and £3; Electric Belts, $.3, $5. 8:0; E _

 Electric Insole*. f>0 c-nts; Electric Toolh Brush, 50 cents ; Hair Curler, A C Th'TVT'TT'C TY7 A TVT'T'T7T\ Quick sales. Libeml imiv.
 SO cents. *■ THE DOCTOR’S STOKY,” a valuable book, sent on request. -tYvJl-J.N 1 iJ WAIN 1 ".I A Satisfaction

         GEO. A. SCOTT,

Room s, 846 Broadway, N. Y.

ti le Safety R.i«ir. P? ; Electric Flesh Brushes, 83 ;

                                      Liberal pay
                                      guaranteed.

ARE

YOU

TOO Stout!

If so, why not reduce your weight
and be comfortable. Obesity is a dis-
ease and predisposes to Heart Trouble,
Paralvsis, Liver disease Rheumatism,
Apoplexy, etc.. and is not only danger-
ous nut extremely annoying to people
of refined taste It's a mistake not to
a m	mu do anything to reduce youi weight if

(”•.	^	£) it is greater than it ou-jnt to be We

rfj	Q do not cate how many reduction

y remedies you may have taken without
'"A	—	success, w r have a treatment that will

v.*'1 iSBBb .Oi reduce weight as thousands can testify.

It is simple, sate and r.leasant to take
and not expensive either. The follow-
ing are a few of the thousands who
have been reduced in wrv,ht and
greatly impiovcd in health by its use :

Mr. C. E. Perdue,	lie tinted

Springfield, 111........1Lbs.

Mrs. M. M. Cummins,

Ottowa, III............ 7S “

Miss M. Hoisington,

Lake View. Mich...	50	11

_Mrs. I. Spaulding,

Morrisville, Vt......................«1	“

Miss M. Nobles, Racine, VVis..............................................................54	“

Mrs M. ( heck, Valley Mills, Texas......................................74	“

Miss Amy I. Dodd, Brocton. Ill........................................50	“

.Nlrs J. B Hyde, Mowcqua, III.....................................>r2	“

II	Rasscttc, Ono, » alif........................................................S-»	“

lUlcn Ri lgcway, Vandalia, Iowa ............................................fiO

.....** ’ ' ” " ***	~	70	“

    MRS. HELEN WEBER
Marietta, () . says: “It is an ex-
cellent flesh reducer and has im-
proved tny health wonderfully."

A DISTINGUISHED PHYSICIAN

Has Tried and Heartily Endorses

Dr. EDISON’S OBESITY PILLS,
SALT AND BANDS.

Miss K Shcely, 600 N. Main St., Marion. O....

We will give S; 100 IN (i()l<l> to any one who can prove that any
of our testimonials arc not genuine.

rjfv fU do anything or take anything until vou hear from us ; we
* have something important to tell you about how to
MAKK ItKiM Kl> Y AT II<> >l F. at a trifling cost and other
valuable information. To any reader of McClures Magazine who
will write to us at once, we will send full particulars and a few days' 1

TREATMENT FREE

in a plain sealed package unon receipt of ' u I * to cover postage,
packing, etc. Correspondence strictly confidential.

HALL & CO., E. N.-Drawer 404, St. Louis, Mo.

Please mention McClure's wh'n yon write to advertisers.

                                                        55

ONLY OBESITY REMEDIES ADMITTED AT THE WORLD’S FAIR.

Free Advice about Obcolty. Rupture, or any DIscbhc at
our New York or Chicago .Medical Department. Call or Write.

                            4so W. Madison St., Chicago, Jan. 20, 1C96.
Lowing & CO., 115 State Street, Chicago.

Gentlemen :—f have made a study of obesity, its causes, complications
and cure. My normal weight is about 130 to 135 pounds. I advanced to 14$
and began to go'on toward iso. Some of my
friends spoke of and will remember my ten-
dency at that time to take on flesh, though my
new flesh was so distributed as not to l e
readily noticed. I began the use 0! Dr.
Edison's Obesity Pills and Salt, and in about
three weeks I was reduced from 117 to 131, ifi
lbs. My flesh did not return, and I have not
found it necessary to resume the treatment. I
have prescribed these remeeus a number ol
times, always with success. Not only have my
patients been reduced by them to a norm, I
and healthful weight, but they have been cured
of chronic diseases of heart, liver, kidneys < r
stomach, which I am eonvin-ed never would
have yielded to treatment that did not involve
flesh reduction. Mis. Sarah Hasting was,
under my care, reduced by Dr. liaison's
Obesity rills and Salt, 46 pounds in about two
months, and cured of shortness of I reath and
serious heart and stomach trouble. Her red u -
tion was permanent and in every way satis-
factory. There are many so-called obesity
“cures ” that do not cure, and I am certain there aresome that are dangerous
to any constitution. Dr. Edison's remedies really reduce flesh rapidly, and
they are perfectly safe. I consider Dr. Edison's the very best obesity and
supporting band made.	Yours respectfully,

LUELLA DAY-UNDERH1LL. M.D.

No other medicines required. Dr. Edison's Pills and Salt take the place
of all female remedies and regulators. Obesity Salt, fi a bottle. Obesity
Pills, {1.50 a bottle. O' esity Bands, $».<;o and up.

We send free “ HOW TO CUKE OBESITY." You are invited to address our
Chicago Medical Department or our New York Medical Department about
your obesity or about any medical question. If you are ruptured write. You
will !>e answered carefully and practically and without charge. We forward
goods promptly. No printing on our envelopes. Mention Department. Use

only the nearest address

X A1\T 11 n ft n A |-v i I A n t \o. I 1.» Stl* 11* SI reel, tlilrmio. III.

L0RHG & CO., Dept.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Prices of Oxydonor Greatly Reduced

Send for New Price List

OXYDONOR

(Trade Mark Registered Nov. 34, '96.)

  The New Life Giver

    Gives vigorous health by instilling Oxygen
From The Air into the System, causing the
whole body to attract it, through every pore,
into the blood. Applied as in illustration ;
it is as simple as breathing. Hundreds of
Public Men and More than a Million Per-
sons in all countries now depend upon the
(Trade Mark Registered Nov. 24, 1896.) OXYDONOR exclusively for health. Get

the Genuine, made by the Discoverer and Inventor, Dr. H. SANCHE. Book of par-
ticulars and price-list sent free to any address.

Cured Senator Mix of Sciatica.

       Under date Dec. 23, 1896, Senator John \V. Mix, of Yalesville, Conn., writes : 14 Sciatica had literally brought me to death's door.
In less than thirty minutes after putting 011 the OXYDONOR, the circulation was re-established, and to my surprise the immediate
relief and subsequent speedy cure came like magic. Words cannot express my gratitude, money could not purchase my Oxydonor
were I unable to procure another. It has relieved me from intolerable suffering and fully restored me to perfect health.

                                    Yours thankfully,	JOHN W. MIX.”

    Liberal terms with reliable dealers.

DR. H. SANCHE & COMPANY

261 Fifth Ave., New York City
61 Fifth St., cor. Fort, Detroit, Mich. Canadian Office, 142 St. Lawrence St., Montreal

DR. HAINES' GOLDEN SPECIFIC CURES

    It can be given without the kn»wled|ri> of
    the p»ti«‘nt if desired. Book free. Address
    GOLDEN SPECIFIC CO., 439 Race St., Cincinnati, 0.
    BSPWrite for our literature, on the I'ainleau Cure
    Of tbo Opium and Morphine *‘ Habit.**.”

 THE BEAUTY SLEEP

If pale, fagged out, nervous, careworn, overtaxed by work or
demands of society, learn how to regain and preserve robust health
and the well-rounded, graceful outlines of youth by the aid of
Nature’s greatest rejuvenator and beautifier. Discard poisonous
drugs and injurious cosmetics at once and send 30c. for" The Key
to Power.” Circular for the asking. Miss Grace B. Moore,
<17, M. C., 3574 Vincennes Ave.. Chicago.

WALTER’S

In South-Eastern
Penna. is the best

 “ The best is

the cheapest. ”

SANITARIUM

Write for Illustrated Catalogue.
WALTER’S PARK, - - Wernersville, Pa.

BOOK AGENTS OF AMERICA something good to" tell you.

B.F. JOHNSON, No. 1 South nth St., Richmond, Va.

TOOTH
SOAP

DellciouH,

Glen- Himr.

Harm less.

C. II. STRONG * CO., CHICAGO.

Others imitate—None .
All Urugfrlite, or by malt -lie.

V-AAaAAAAAAAAAAA A a. a X A A A t ^ A A ■■

[Blair's Pills

 J Great English Remedy lor ( **

   1 GOUT and RHEUMATISM.

1 s

TDruggis

safe, sunn, effective.

] Druggists, or 224 William St.. New York.1

RUPTURE

Stnd for Book.

CHESTERMAN & STREETER,

0UCCS8*O1UI TO

     L 15. SEELEY A CO.. 25 8. 11th 8t., Phil ad*., Ph.

qEELCY'8

  Hard Rubber

TRUSSES.

Established 1884.

it

EDWIN S. JOHNSTON,
Principal and founder.

DO NOT STAMMER”

  The method employed for the
  Permanent Cure of Stammering and
  Stuttering is the fruit of a long personal
  effort of Mr. Johnston to overcome a
  severe impediment from which he has
  suffered forty years.

  The system is endorsed by
  Dr. S. Weik Mitchell,

                     Philadelphia, Pa.
  Prof. Horatio C. Wood, and
  Dr. Harrison Ai.i.rn,

of the University of Pennsylvania.

Send for 60-page book to

 PHILADELPHIA INSTITUTE
 1033 Spring Garden St., Philadelphia, Pa.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

56
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Sold by Druggists Everywhere. 25 Cents per Bottle.

Ladies’ Perfumed Calendar and Beautiful Booklet, FREE.

  ADDRESS E. W. HOYT & COMPANY,	makers of the celebrated

                              LOWELL, MASS. HOYT’S GERMAN COLOGNE.

     "3fs t§t

   Rubifoam—the perfect liquid dentifrice — deliciously flavored —
   imparts to the breath a pleasing- fragrance. It cleanses and
   beautifies the teeth—stops decay — making its use a pleasure
   laden with most gratifying results. Rubifoam is the popular
   American dentifrice — within the economy of every one.

IMF.NNF.N\S bokated talcum

  TOILET
  POWDER

Approved by Highest Medical
Authorities for the use of in-
fants and adults.

“MENNEN’S”

is the original, others are imitations
and liable to do harm.

Punitive relief lor nil nfl'ect ion» of ilie skin. De-!
liglitlul nfier shaving. Take n<» substitute. Sold
by driisruisi* or mailed for *25 cents. r D c r
N a me thl» paper.	Samples r n t t

(iElillAKI) MENNE\ CO., Newark, N. J.

"away WITH I
GL-ASSES

EYE FOOD CO.

 CINCINNATI, O.

Hair Blemishes

 On Face, Neck and Arms Removed
 Instantly and forever, at the
 first touch of

PADONA

                                  hair vanishes like mist before the rising
                                  sun. Roots of the hair wither and die,
                                  making a new growth impossible; leav-
                                  ing the skin soft, white and beautiful.

 Easily applied, certain to cure, and harm-
 less as dew S I OO forfeit ii|> there
 is no ruse of failure or where there is slightest trace of injury.

 Used by thousands of persons of refinement. I’adona is sent by mail,
 postpaid, in safety mailing cases, securcly sealed, on receipt of $i per
 box Safe delivery of your letter insured by registering it at Post office.

 All correspondence icgarded strictlv confidential.

 Descriptive Booklet of Padona and other high class toilet articles, free.

 The Padona Company, D'cf-Cincinnati, 0,, U. S. A.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

                                                        57

That CREAMY
COMPLEX

   which ladies envy

      ffo necestrify for a rough
   or bad complexion.

     MilkWerrf Cream is the natural Skin Food. It
  removed Blackheads, Freckles, Tun, Pimpleu, and
  Wrinkles. Is fragrant and soothing.

   8end 60c. for a full sized jar (if your druggist hasn't
   it) and «et ten times its price in pleasure und satis-
   faction. Send stamp for fre« sample.

FREDERICK F. INGRAM St CO.,

 S6Tenth Street,

 DETROIT, MICH.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

THE

United States
Circuit Court

has granted an injunction against all infringers on the patented
Imperial Hair Regenerator, manufactured only by the Imperia
Chemical Mfg. Co., 292 Fifth Avenue, New York, and the

learned Judge on the bench pronounced it “a useful and meri-
torious invention.”

    This time it was the so-called Victoria Hair Regenerator
which, by Judge Kirkpatrick, of the United States Circuit
Court in Trenton, was decided to be an infringement of the
Imperial Chemical Manufacturing Company's patent. The
decisions hold that the invention of complainant, which con-
sists of ingredients that restore the natural color to gray hair,
and which at the same time has been proven harmless, is one
of the most important discoveries of the age, and properly
patented.

Imperial Hair Regenerator

FOR GRAY OR BLEACHED HAIR

    Clean, odorless, lasting. It does not contain an atom of
poisonous matter, will not stain the scalp, and baths do not
affect it. Neither does curling nor crimping. Price, $1.50 and
$3.0°.

ANY SHADE OF ANY COLOR

     We make applications a specialty, and give absolute privacy.
Samples of hair colored free of charge.

Facial Massage by an Expert

                                               Ret. 30th and 31st Sts.
                                               (lake lilevator.)

292 FIFTH AVE.,

Special Advertising Offer!

CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP

Asthma, Hay-Fever, Rose-Cold, Catarrh, Gripp,
Bronchitis, Throat and Lung Troubles

We have found the way—Nature’s own way—to cure
these troubles: by a perfect system of all-night inha-
lation of a thoroughly disinfected, pure and curative
air—whilst taking the usual rest of the night. It is like
sleeping in the balmy air of the pine-woods. It is safe
as sunshine. There is no stomach-dosing, douching or
snuffing. Thousands are cuted and well by means of it.

For a short time only, we are waking an advertising
offer of a $3 Pi How-In hater at the reduced price of $3.

When ordering, send money with order by New York
Draft, Registered Letter, Post Office or Express Money
Order, and state trouble for which Pillow-Inhaler is
desired.

_ We will gladly send fre<- descriptive pamphlet on application.
Kindly be sure to mention McClure’s.

PI L LOW-1 N H A L ER CO., 1409 Chestnut St., Phila., Pa.

Please mention McClure’s w

ITCHING
SKIN
DISEASES

Ins*ai»t Relief for torturing, disfiguring, Itching, burn-
ins. and scaly skin and scalp diseases with loss of hair, In
a warm bath with CptiOCRA Soap, a single application
of Cvticcra (ointment), and a full close of Cuticuka
Rksolven r, greatest of blood purifiers and humor curcs

(Uticura

Is sold throughout the world. Pottkr D. and C. Corp.. Solo
Props.. Boston. C2" “How to Cure Itching Skin Diseases,” frie.

RED ROUGH HANDS Ueat,P'cuticij ka''soap!1,1< d

CHILDREN TEETHING.

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over FIFTY
YEARS by MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, with PERFECT SUCCESS. It
SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTENS the GUMS, ALLAYS
all PAIN ; CURES WIND COLIC, and is the best remedy f< r
DIARRHOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part of the world.
Be sure and ask for “ Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup,” and
take no other kind. Twenty five cents a bottle.

The Best Toilet Luxury
as a Dentifrice in the
World.
To Cleanse and Whiten
the Teeth,
To Remove Tartar from
the Teeth,
To 5weeten the Breath

  BROWN’S

CAMPHORATED

SAPONACEOUS

DENTIFRICE

FOR THE •'

TEETH

  and Preserve the Teeth
To Make the Gums Hard and Healthy,

  Use Brown’s Camphorated

~ Dentifrice.

Sap

onaceous

Price, Twenty-five Cents a Jar.
                  For Sale Everywhere.

hen you write to advertisers.

cf?
McCL URE'S MAGAZINE.

 “That’s my Washburnl”

If you have it in mind to buy either a
Guitar, Mandolin or Banjo, let us send
you our “Washburn Book.” It tells why
Washburns are by far the best instruments
made; gives portraits and testimonials of
over 100 artists, and quotes to you the
net cash prices at which Washburns are
sold everywhere. Address Dept. T, Lyon
& Healy, 199-203 Wabash Ave., Chicago.

WEBER
 PIANOS

The distinguishing character-
istic of the IVcber Piano is its

Sympathetic Tone;

that is because it is constructed
from the Musician's Standpoint.

WAREROOMS:

 Fifth Ave., cor. 16th Street, New-York.
         258-260 Wabash Ave., Chicago.
         511 Wood St., Pittsburg.

A MIDSUMMER NICHT’S DREAM.

For the Summer Home, the Summer Hotel or the Summer Boarding House
A GRAPHOPHONE is the Prince of Entertainers.

          It will fill the nights with music and is a constant source of delight. It affords an
 inexhaustible supply of fun and pleasure. It will sing the songs of the day, give clear
 and beautiful reproductions of the best bands and orchestral performances, furnish dance
 — music, and repeat comic stories as told by clever comedians. Its repertoire is endless. It
 is not a mere music box. You can sing your own songs to it and
 it will repeat them. 11 will contribute to the entertainment and
 delight of guests in a way that will return a hundred fold the
 comparatively small cost of outfits. Write for Catalogue C.

COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Dept. C,

NF.W YOPK, 1155, 1157, 1159 Broadway. WASHINGTON. D. C., 019 Pennsylvania Ave. BALTIMORE, MD„
110 liast Baltimore St.' ST. LOUIS. Mo., 720-722 Olive St. PHILADELPHIA, PA., 103a Chestnut St.

Please mention McClure’s when you waite to advertisers.

                                                    59

    The Columbia Graphophone

    with clock-work
    motor only
McCL URE'S MA GAZIN D.

7 I his is an American Watch, Nickel-Plated
Case, Open Face, Heavy Beveled Crystal, (Err
It is Guaranteed to Keep Accurate Time, and
with proper rare should last Ten Years.

   Mrs. L. N. A.-writes: “If 1 knew I was to ho the mother or
 innumerable children it would have no terrors for me, so
 great is my coulideuce in the science of TOKOLOGY.”

                               A complete health guide by
                         AUCK 1>. STOCK II AM. M. I)., in
                         practice over twenty-five years.
                         Best Terms to Agents.

                                        Sample pages free.
                          PREPAID, MOR. $2.75. CIO. $2.25.

An editor writes: TOKOLOGY shouid be in
the hands of every woman. It is unequaled in
its practical scientific advice to women.

TOKOLOGY

ALICI3 13. STOCKHAM <S: OO.,	Madison St., Chlotijio.

World of Mystery

AND SCIENCE OF LIFE,

 a monthly magazine devoted to a scientific study of Astronomy,
 Astrology and Occult, Mysterious and Natural Phenomena. The
 Bible interpreted; its mysteries made clear. How to live right,
 etc., etc., Si per year. Ten books on Etiquette, Self-improvement,
 Literary Work, Common I .aw,etc., with Dictionary of 30,000 words
 free to subscribers. Sample copy, 10c. Hook catalogue free.
 Address Would of M vstery, M .C., 67, Masonic Temple, Chicago.

Watch and Chain

For One Day’s Work.

We send this Nickel-I’lated Watch, Chain, and Charm to Boys and Girls for
selling 1 yz dozen packages of BLUINE at 10c. each. Send your full address
by return mail and we will forward the Bluine, postpaid, and a large Premium List.

No money required. We send the Bluine at our own risk. You go among
your neighbors and sell it. Send us the
money that you get for it and we send you
the Watch, Chain, and Charm, prepaid.

 Bluine Company,

Box 76,
CONCORD JUNCTION,
MASS.

IF YOU HAVE

ANY BLEMISH

MARK

DEFORMITY

      or

DISEASE
On? in, or
Under the Skin

   &

 John IT. Woodbury can remove it painlessly and permanently.
 Over twenty-six years’successful experience curing skin diseases
 and facial blemishes; twenty-three associated physicians and
 surgeons. Consultation by mail or in person free.

    Woodbury’s Facial Soap and Facial Cream, if used daily,
 will soften, whiten, beautify and preserve the skin and prevent
 Tan, Freckles and Sunburn. A sample of either Soap or Cream
 and Book 011 Beauty and Treatment of the Skin mailed on receipt
 of 10 cents.

   John H. Woodbury Dermatological Institute

    Offices for the Coke of Skin and Nervous Diseases.
 New York. 124 W. 42d St.: Boston, 11 Winter St.;

Philadelphia. 1300 Walnut St.; ( liirasro, 103State St.

Address all Idlers to 124 W. 42d St., New York

Pale and Thin

people get vigorous
and increase in weight

 A Perfect Food,

 Tonic and Restorative,

   It is a powder made from die |
most nourishing elements of [j
meat, prepared for the nutriment jf
and stimulus of weak systems. :
May be taken dry, or in milk, g
water, etc.

 At druggists, in 2 oz., M and / lb. tins.

       Also the following combinations, :iomatose-Bis-
 cuit, Somatose-Cocoa, Somatose-Chocolate — each
 containing 10 per cent. Soniatose. Very conven-
 es ient and palatable preparations.

 ^ Pamphlets via tied by Schieffelin Co., New York,
 j! agents /or Farbcnfabriken vorm. Friedr. Bayer Co.,
 S Elber/eld.

 HOSPITAL

WHEEL

   VEHICLES

CHAIRS

      pushed about in,
      of the reliable sort.

prices on all

 SMITH WHEEL CHAIR CONCERN, 120 William St., Netc York

To propel one’s self, or
. om fort ably t easily.
Send stamp for catalog
styles and sizes.
McCL URE'S MA OAZINE.

      Write us to send yon our free booklet, " How to Know Now
    York,” and you'll liavo a complete guide to the metropolis in
    handy pocket size. It will save you time, trouble, vexation
    and expense in going about the city. Enclose 3c. in stamps-
    It will save you time, comfort and money to stop at the
    Grand Union Hotel when you come. No hunting and asking
    to find it—right across the street from the Grand Central
    Depot. No cab fare—no luggage hauling. Convenient, but
    comfortable, and not noisy. A good hotel with good
    K rooms—good servico—good meals—and constant cour-
    (j\ tesy. European plan—$1 n day upwards.	/

 ]\	GRAND UNION HOTEL	J(

   j/a^FoRD & Shaw, Prop’rs. m Park Ave., New York. /jh

X^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥* ¥•*$*,

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

♦

*

*

*

♦

*

♦

*

*

♦

*

♦

*

♦

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

♦

♦

*

*

*

 <*

*

&

Hub's Welcome

 in every brick when one comes into a house some
 dull cheerless day. or cold windy night, and the
 eyes rest on a bright blazing fire in one of our
 Fireplace Mantels made of Ornamental Brick
 There'll be many such days and nights in the seasons
 to come, but it s easy to prepare for them. And it s not
 too expensive either. You have only to get the right
 kind of a Fireplace. Ours are the newest and best.
 Don't buy a mantel before you have learned all about
 ours. Send for Sketch Hook of ja designs ot various
 colors, costing from $12 up

PHILA. & BOSTON FACE BRICK CO.

12 Liberty Square, Boston, Mass.

 *

 *

♦

 4

♦

♦

♦

♦

♦

♦

*

*

*

♦

*

♦

4

♦

♦

♦

*

♦

♦

♦

<

♦

*

♦

♦

*

♦

 4

♦

♦

*

kf*444444444 444 4444444444 tf.'W

a PROFITABLE but NEGLECTED Science.

 We want to introduce our TEAS, SPICES
 and BAKINQ POWDER___—--

 JUST GO AMONG YOUR FRIENDS and sell a mixed order
 amounting I11 total to GO lbs. for a Gold Watch (Waltham
 or Elgin) and a Chain; l?r> ll>s. for a Ladies' High-Grade
 Bicycle; 75 lbs. for a Boys’

 Bicycle; 100 11)8. for a Girls'

 Bicycle: 200 lbs. for a Gentle-
 men's High Grade Bicycle; !i0
 lbs. for a Decorated Dinner
 Set; 25 lbs. for a Solid Silver
 Watch anil Chain ; 10 lbs. for
 a Solid Gold King; 25 lbs. for
 an Autoharp; 8 lbs. for a pair
 of Harney &■ Berry Skates;

 15 lbs. for a pair of Lace Cur-
 tains; 10 lbs. for a Camera;

 •.mlbs. for a Sewing Machine;

 25 lbs. for an Autoharp.

 We pay the express or freight
 if rash is sent with order. -Send
 address on postal for Catalogue,

 Order-sheet and particulars.

 W.G. BAKER (Dept. H ), Springfield, Mass.

W'

•niLK there are some people that hnvc a vague idea that coins issued 100
- - or 1000 years ago are worth fabulous sums, yet very few know Uint coins
issued only n few years ago are nt a larjte premium, tor instance, the liist
Columbian half-cloilar issued 1892, soldfor$l,UU0. All the half-dollars from
1879 to 1800 are at n premium, also Isabella quarter* of 1888, twenty-cent
pieces 1876 to 1878; five and three-cent pieces of 1877; last issue of tlictwo-cei't
eopper and three-cent silver pirn's; first issue of the nickel cents, all pi.Id
dollars and three-dollar gold piece*; all Territorial and Cal. coins from
1849 to 1880, and thousands of earlier American and Foreign coins.
There is also a premium on some coins with >1 IKTT M A 1C I4H O, .S,
» or <’Os also on fractional currency, eolonial, continental and Con-
federate hills and old POST AO fi STAMPS. THK Gloiik re-
ports that a coin was found in Galveston worth 8-’>,000. THE NEW YORK
Journal says that a cent was plowed up at Aurora, N.Y., worth $1,200, uml
that Mr. Castle paid #4,400 FOR A STAMP found at L-uis-
ville, Ky. THE Wori.i> says: “Many people have liecome wealthy by looking
after old coins and stamps.’’ TUB HOME JOURNAL says: “ Coin and stamp
collecting is a profitable business, as there are hut few in it. The Numis-
matic Bank buys from Agents all over the country, and pays them big sums."
Coins that are very hard to find In one section are often easily found hi others.
A Boston baker sold 116 coppers for $0,915, 29 silver coin* for $4,713, and 4
•gold coins for $1,700, and others have done nearly as well. Mr. K. W. Ayrr
sold recently a lot of stamps to Stanley Gibbons for S2.10.000. Would
it not pay you to get posted in this new and profitable business before every-
body is i'n‘it? Bare coins and stamps turn eonstantly up and are often sold
at face value, and all they bring over that is profit. There is nothing to lose,
you only need to get posted on the rare dates, and von will find coins and
stamps which you can sell for large sums. Bean the (JOIN 11 ml
STAMP COLLP.CTORS' II KK AI.1». It will give you in-
formation on a subject of most importance to you. Send one dime for sample
copv, or 25c. per annum (none free), ami make a few hundred dollaisquietly.
COIN AMD 8TAJ1I' COLLECTORS’ IlKltAI.I), Seollay 8q. lto»l..n. Hii-k.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

6l

A Coin like this is worth

SISDD

“NUMISMATIC”
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 We will send a sample nipple on receipt of two-cent stamp for postage.

       The COLLAR on the

Davidson Health Nipple

     Prevents COLLAPSE

        And thereby COLIC. The pure Para
        Rubber will not make the baby’s mouth

sore. If you cannot obtain them of
your druggist, take no others, but
send 6ocuS. to us for a sample dozen.

Patent No. 43

HERE COMES MY BOTTLE.

DAVIDSON RUBBER CO.

31 Milk Street, - - Boston, Mass.

Established 40 years.

Complete Catalogue of Rubber Goods free

DJ«if Qnnnnri Light, strong, sure, attached to any wheel,
PHiJCIBJUppgri. goes with you everywhere; stand wheel
any place; s;t oil if desired; handsomely nickeled. $1. 00, express
paid. W. H. MORGAN, Manufacturer, Peabody, Kansas.

direct from the mills
ami factories. Man-
ufacturer to wearer.
Illustrated catalogue free. Underwear department. Address

CONSUMERS SUPPLIES CO., Troy,N.Y.

PURCHASE

SPECIAL SUMMER R A A WT C V
BARGAIN SALE OF 15 VUIxO !

 In order to stimulate trade and to keep our force busy during the usually dull summer months, wo have decided to offer our full line
 of standard and popular books by well-known authors lor a limited time at a tremendous reduction from regul.ir prices. From now
 until October 1st, 1&7, therefore, but not thereafter, we will fill orders for all books hereafter enumerated ut. tho extraordinarily low
 prices hero quoted. All books will bo sent bv mail post-paid, and are guaranteed to give satisfaction. I-'acli is complete iu itself. Please
 examine tho list carefully and send your order for what you want;

Standard Oyclopsedia, 5 vols., per sot............ ...........23 cts.

Dickens’ Works, 12 vols., per set......................cts.

LoatherstockingTales, 5 vols. in one.. ..................cts.

East Lynne by Mrs. Ilenry Wood..............................5 cts.

Jane Eyre, by Charlotte Bronte.............................5 cts.

John Halifax, Gentleman, by Miss Mulock....................5 cts.

Adam Bede, by George Eliot............................... •"» cts.

The Woman in White, by Wilkie Collins....................5 cts.

Lady Audley's Secret, by Miss Braddon.....................5 cts.

Vanity Fair, by W. M. Thackeray..........................li cts.

The Last Days of Pompeii, by Bulwer.".....................5 cts.

The Thred Guardsmen, by Alexander Dumas.................5 cts.

Put Yourself in Bis Place, by Chas. Reado....................5 cts.

Uncle Tom’s Cabin, by Mrs. Stowe........................ O cts.

Tho Scarlet Letter, by Nathaniel Ilawthorno................3 els.

Tho Mystery of Coldo Fell, by Charlotte M. Braeme.........:* cts.

Under tlie Red Flag, by Miss Braddon........................ 3 cts.

King.Solomon’s Mines, by II. Rider Haggard................'J cl a.

A round the World in Eighty Days, by .Jules Verne...........3 cts.

Tiie Corsican Brothers, by Alexander Dumas.................:t »ts.

Lady Grace, by Mrs. Ilenry Wood........................... :{ cts.

Averil, by RosaNouchettoCarey............................. cts.

The Black Dwarf, l>v Sir Waller Scott.........................3 cts.

A Noble Life, by Mfcs Mulock................. ................:i cts.

The Belle of Lynn, by Charlotte M. Braemo...................3 cts.

The Black Tulip, by Alexander Dumas.......................3 cts.

The Duchess, by “TheDuchess”............................;J cts.

Nurse Hovel’s Mistake, by Florence Warden..................3 cts.

Merle’s Crusade, by Rosa Nouchetto Carey....................3 cts.

A Study in Scarlet, by A. Conan Doyle......................:J cts.

ltock Ruin, by Mrs. Ann S. Stephens..........................3 cs.

Lord Lisle’s Daughter, by Charlotte M. Braeme .............:t cts.

The Armorer Of Tyro, by Sylvanus Cobb, Jr..................3 cts.

Mr. GilQl’s Love Story, by George Eliot.......................:t c:s.

A Scarlet Sin, by Florence Marryat............................: I c: s.

Tie Sett King, by Captain Marryat...........................:t cts.

Tha Siege of Granada, by E. Bulwer Lytton...............:t cts.

Mr. Mecson’s Will, by H. Rider Haggard.......................‘I cts.

Jenny llarlowo. by W. Clark Russell..........................:t cts.

Beaton’S Bargain, by Mrs. Alexander........................3 cts.

Tho Squire’s Darling, by Charlotte M. Braeme...............3 cts.

T 10 Russian Gypsy, by Alexander Dumas..... ...............3 cts.

The Wandering Heir, by Charles Reado.......................3 cts.

Flower and Weed, by Miss M. E. Braddon....................3 cts.

No Thoroughfare, by Dickens and Collins.....................3 cts.

The Great lloggarty Diamond, by Thackeray.................:t cts.

Tha Surgeon’s Daughter, by Sir Walter Scott..............3 cts.

Hilda: Or, The Falsa Vow, by Charlotte M. Braeme..........3 cts.

Grandfather’s Chair, by Nathaniel Hawthorne................3 cis.

A Trip to the Moon, by Jules Verne........ .............3 cts.

The Pioneer’s Daughter, by Emerson Bennett...............3 cts.

A Little RobeL by ‘‘The Duchess”............................3 cts.

Master Rockatollar’s Voyage, by W. Clark Russell............:i cts.

The Heiress of Hilldrop, by Charlotte M. Braemo............:* cts.

Hickory Hall, by Mrs. Southworth...........................:i cts.

Meeting Her Fate, by Miss M. E. Braddon....................3 cts.

In Durance Vile, by “The Duchess”.............. .........:i cts.

Danesbury House, by Mrs. Henry Wood......................cts.

Tho Twin Lieutenants, by Alexander Dumas................3 cts.

Repented at Leisure, by Charlotte M. Braeme...............:t ct i.

The Rod Hill Tragedy, by Mrs. Southworth...................3 cts.

£35“ Any of the above books will be sent by mail post-paid upon receipt of the special prices quoted.

Aunt Diana, by Rosa Nouchetto Carey.......................3 cts.

Treasure Island, by Robert Louis Stevenson.. ..............3 cts.

A Rogue’s Life, ny Wilkie Collins............................ cts.

Lady Diana’s Pride by Charlotte M. Braemo.................3 cts.

Grace Darnel, by Miss M. E. Braddon..........................3 cts.

Allan Quatermaln, by II. Rider Haggard.....................3 cts.

King Arthur, by Miss Mulock................ ................3 cts.

Lady Latimer’s Escape, by Charlotte M. Braeme............3 cfs.

Allan’s Wife, by 11. Rider Haggard...........................3 cts.

The Sign of the Four, by A. Conan Doylo...... ..............3 cts.

Pretty Miss Smith, by Florence Warden.......................3 cts.

Christie Jolmr.tone, by Charles Reade.........................3 cts.

A Dark Night’s Work, by Mrs. Gaskell.....................3 cts.

Tho Tragedy of Lime Hall, by Charlotte M. Braeme..........3 cts.

Sybil BrOtherton, by Mrs. Southworth........................3 cts.

The Risen Dead, by Florence Marryat..........................3 cts.

Sweet is True Love, by “The Duchess ”......................3 cts.

At Bay, by Mrs. Alexander......................................’i cts.

At War With Herself, by Charlotte M. Braeme................3 < ts.

The Mystery of No. 13, by Helen B. Mathers.................3 cts.

The Haunted Hotel, by Wilkie Collins........................3 < ts.

Cranford, by Mrs. Gaskell.....................................3 < ts.

A Fatal Temptation, by Charlotte M. Braemo.................3 cts.

The Gold Bug, by Edgar Allen Poo.............................’I cts.

The Man in Black, by Stanley J. Weyman..... ..............3 cts.

The Ghost of Riverdale Hall, by Mrs. May Agnes Fleming.. .3 cts.

Beyond the City, by A. Conan Doyle...........................‘I cts.

Lady Ethel’s \\ him, by Charlotte M. Braemo.................3 cts.

The House of tho Wolf, by Stanley J. Weyman................:i ct s.

Tho Mystery of Cloomber, by A. Conan Doyle................3 cfs.

She’s All the World to Me, by Hall Caine...... ...............3 cts.

Lady Valworth’sDiamonds, by “ThaDuchess”.........(Inc cent.

A Bride from the Sea. by Charlotte M. Braeme..........tine cent.

The Mystery at Blackwood Grange, by M. A. Fleming. .One cent.

At tho World’s Mercy, by Florence Warden...........One cent.

The Diamond Bracelet, by Mrs. Henry Wood...........One cent.

Guilty or Not Guilty, by Amanda M. Douglas............Cue cen'.

A Bartered Life, by Marion IIarland................One cent.

Tho Merchant’s Crime, by Horatio Alger, Jr.............On« cent.

The Laurel Bush, by Miss Mulock........................One cent.

The Knlghtsbridge Mystery, by Charges Reade..........One cent.

A Dead Heart, by Charlotte M Braeme..................One cent.

The Yellow Mask, by Wilkie Col’ins......................One cent.

George Caulfield’s Journey, by Miss M. E. Braddon.....One cent.

A Tale of Three Lions, by II. Rider Haggard............One cent.

The Baron’s Will, by Sylvanus Cobb, Jr..................Cne cent.

A Dangerous Woman, by Mrs. Ann S. Stephens.......Cne cent.

Forging tho Fetters, by Mrs. Alexander.................One cent.

Tho Nine of Hearts, by B. L. Farjeon.....................One cent.

Rutbvon’s Ward, by Florence Marryat...................Cne cent.

Fair but False, by Charlotte M. Braemo.................tine cent.

The Morwick Farm Mystery, by Wilkie Collins..........One ceut.

A Passive Crime, by ‘‘TheDuchess”.....................One *'cnt.

Mary Hardwick's Rival, by Mrs. Henry Wood ..........One cent.

AGtldenSin, by Charlotte M. Braemo...................One cent.

The Scarlet Cross, by Clara Augusta.....................One cent.

Dolores, by Mrs. Jane G. Austin........................One cent.

Reaping the Whirlwind, by Mary Cecil Hay............One cent.

Tho Forcel'inl Rubies, by M. T. Caldor. .................tine cent.

Agatha's History, by Mar-arct Blount...................One cent.

Blue Eyes and Golden Hair, by Annie Thomas..........One cent.

Customers will observe the

economy in postage and stationery secured by ordering a number of books at a time. These special prices will hold good only until
October 1st, 1897, therefore all orders must be rent before that date. We refer to tho Mercantile Agencies as to our reliability, as wo have
been established over 20 years, and are well known. Address all letters:

                      P. M. LUPTON, Publisher, 33, 35 and 37 C ity Hall Place, New York.
                         Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

62
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

HARDWOOD FLOORS

even the poor ones, are better than
carpets. Good ones are better
still. That’s the kind we make.
Good wood, hard and dry; good
workmanship, skilful and consci-
entious; these make good tloors
that do stand as distinguished from
poor tloors that don’t stand. Any
good mechanic can lay our work.
We send full instructions with each
order. One customer wrote that it
went together with “ mathematical
precision.” That’s our aim. It costs
ess to lay good work than poor,
f you want something that will be
admired by your friends now, and
by your grandchildren hereafter,
write us for catalogue.

Wood Mosaic Co.,

ROCHESTER, N. Y.

^V*Y»V«¥*V«Y/«VjVmYBV«VfV*V«ViY«V«mYmVfV«YfY//«V*V*V»V^

| Every	I
if Window
If in your
i House^

* *■

will be a constant
\Z source of worry unless
:S your shades are mount-
ed on self-acting . . .

Hartshorn j
[Shade Rollers!

>	3;

the only roller that acts right under all cir- «:
:Z cumstances. Ask your dealer to show you 3;

the “ Improved ” Hartshorn roller; it has 3:
is holders that fasten the shade, no tacks. 3:
jS Wood rollers or tin rollers, whichever*;
| you prefer.

Stewart Hartshorn’s autograph
•2 on both, none genuine without it. 3:

| Best Paints
| Under tlie Sun |

§§ Sun-proof—weather-proof. Go farther, wear }|
=z longer, hold their colors better than strictly H:
white lead—any other paints:—

 PAITOHS # PAINT

TJT PASTE OB	1 LIQUID FORM.

    Patton’s House Pnintinjj ]>Io«lc*l (cupnblo of
20,000 color combinations), Master Painter's Tinting
Card, mailed postpaid for 12 cents. “IIow to Increase
the Size of Your House with Paint,” Free.

J AS. E. PATTON CO., Milwaukee, Win., U. 8. A.

::

=§

M

EIGHT MONTHS9 COMFORT

              each year depends on gelling: (he right healer to provide warmth without
              waste, dust, gas or repairs. Millions of Dollars are wasted each year in
              poor, cheap heaters that waste fuel and always need repairs. Ours arc* all
              Kood and heat well and never need repairs. For the purpose of introducing
              our Furnaces and Boilers where they are not known we will sell at

Wrrm T I? O A T XT' rrice one furnace or boiler to the person first ordering
Vr il (/J/JvuAi/iy from their town and will

DONATE 25 Per Cent
$25.00 to $100.00

                 as a premium 011 first order.
This will save the buyer

 _______________ This is a bona tide offer. Our CATALOG

 details of our heaters Is furnished FREE, and a net price on

according to size bought,
giving full details of our I
heaters will be given, delivered at any station in the United States. Our

Furnaces and Boilers are high giade heaters; have-been made for tin1
past 12 years; t housands are in use and t hey are specllled by t he leading
architectsand heating engineers throughout the country. Ktatewhether
steam or hot water boiler or furnace is wanted.

OUR RATING: Brad street’s, Highest Credit.
Hit tin’s, Highest Credit.
J. W. Maly Co., Highest Credit.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertise!3.

                       63

 GIIiJjYN & CO.
 Utica, N. Y.
McCL UllE'S MA GAZINE.

THE BEST PRESERVATIVE

House at Cambridge. TIMOTHY F. WALSH, Architect, Boston.

DEXTER BROTHERS’
ENGLISH SHINGLE STAINS

     The artistic American house is stained with Dexter
     Brothers' English Shingle Stains, either Moss Green,
     Dull Red, Brown, or Silver Gray. We study the
     harmony of colors. Send to us for sample boards
     and color plates showing exact reproductions*?*

DEXTER BROTHERS, 63 Broad Street, Boston

The following Firms act as our Agents:

 II. M. HOOKHK Co.. 57 W Randolph St , Chicago. III.

      W. W. Uwkence * Co. Pittsburgh, Pa.

               Smi th & Youn<;. San Francisco,Cal.

THE L. I. MATTISON CO., Cleveland. Ohio.

                          Baker & Richards, Seattle. Wash.

                                 Hbnky Skim & Co . Baltimore, Md.

Gekald Lomek-. Montreal, Canada.

  IT IS EASY TO PLAN A HOUSE which cost* lots of money. But
                              I have made a success of Designing Ar-
                              tistic, Comfortable Cheap ('ottagcs. I
                              believe I have been more successful with
                              these than many of my competitors, and
                              those who buy my books and plans say I
                              ttMWWPF(MUMHUM* aln right. Now a-davsoue wants even a
                              I,	£{00 cottage to be tasteful and attractive-

                                      My books contain perspectives, lloor
   plans and useful descriptions, with correct estimates.

  PICTURESQUE COTTAGES, includes cottages and summer homes,
  costing from (2,500 to (3,000. Price by mail, 50 cts.

 My New Book. PICTURESQUE SUHHER COTTAGES,

   contains 35 beautiful and unique designs for Summer Homes, costing from $250
   .to $1,000, with some Log Cabins, Summer Hotels. Club and Road Houses. This
   is the IInest book of the kind ever published, with new ideas and lists as to
   materials, etc. Price by mail. $1 00
   A Score of STABLE 8KETCHES, containing designs for Stables and
   Carriage Houses. Price by mail, 50 cts. Send for them all.

  E E HOLMAN. Architect, 1020 Chestnut St.. Philada.. Pa

OF FINEST WOODS

 PLAIN OR
 ORNAMENTAL

 THICK OR THIN

FLOORS

 We have representatives
 land stocks of floors in
 the leading cities. Write
 for Prices »* Hook of Designs

The Interior Hardwood Co.,_

__INDIANAPOLIS. J.JSTT).

 CANVAS FOLDING
 ENAMELED BATH.

 Tub fits bather so 2 palls of water make full
 submergent bath. Hot batb made ready In
 5 min. Wt.,10 lbs. Durable, compact,cheap.
 Cat.free,Baths or 15 styles Foi.nino Boats.
 Award at Worlds Fair. ACHE FOLD

     1(1 galls, a __

     lfJnn.Bt.hPWB5rV4 ING boat CO.. miamisburq. ohio
 Our Fifty	Illustrated G'uculoguc will Interest YOU.

                                               Safe, Light,
                                               Handsome,

                                                 Compact, In-
                                                 expensive.

 EXTEHOEOt:^J_ — J&FOLDED. -"1 ‘

 ACMK FOLDING BOAT CO., MIAMISItl KC. O.

RESIDENCES

A. W. 1-ULLER, Architrct, Albany, N. V.

Author of “ARTISTIC HOMES.” Correspondence invited.

STAMPED STEEL CEILINGS

HQ MnDTUDfiP SEND FOR CATALOGUE.

. O. IMUn I nnUr. 26 Cherry Street, New York.

QOD^METAlWorkers

without steain power can save
time and money by using oui

Foot and Hand Power Machinery

Send for Catalogues-
^-Wood-working Machinery.

JB—Lathes, etc.

             SENECA FALLS MFG. COMPANY,
     _679 Water St., Seneca Falls, N.V.

  PACE MAKERS PIN.

                                   A beautiful miniature hlry do, com-
                               plete In every part; 1 1-2 in. long;
                               Irame of sterling silver, and wheels
                               .Ofgold plate, which revolve like
                               lightning audio wind blows
                               against them; For caps or
                               ■ lapel; lady or gent; As n
                               sample of our 30no bargains,

                                         ' we mail It Dost-pald with cat-
                                         alogue for only I<> rents. 3
                                         (or 26c. 7 fur 60c. H5r. do*.

«. II. Ingersoll & Bro., 65 fortlandl St., Dept. Xo. lit S. V-

                                                        Yoa work rigbl
                                                        around home. A
                                                        brand new thing.
                                                        I No troub Is to
                                                        quick,you will be fiur-
                                                        end us your addreti

_____________ ___________________ .. /it* to-day. You cat

poaltively make $18» we«k caiy. ROYAL HFU. CO.,Boxl*I'-. Detroit, illcU*

   POWER? POWER? POWER?

        Fifty per cent increase at 110 additional expense.

     VICTOR VAPOR ENGINE,

 Agents Wanted.

       Steam and Vapor Launches,

  Row and Sail Boats.

  Send for catalogue Specify
  one wanted.

 THOS. KANE & CO.,

 6? Wabash Av., Chicago.

WORK SHOPS

        wood and metal workers, without steam
  ' power, equipped with

 BARNES’ FOOT POWER allow
      MACHINERY	bTd"

  on jobs and give greater profit on the work.

  Machines sent on trial if desired. Catalogue free.

 W. F. & JOHN BARNES CO.,

 200 Ruby Street, Rockford, III.

STEEL SHINGLES the om^

H 3$HHU1UAUU. METAL SHINGLES MA

a® WARRANTED RUST PROOF WITHOUT PAINTING.

    THAT ARE GALVANIZlD AFTER THEY ARE STAMPED, f,
|» THAT ARE DIPPED BY HAND IN OPEN KETTLES. 1
Oi THAT WERE NEVER KNOWN TO BLOW OFF. .. .M) E
S$a| THAT WERE EVER AWARDED A <3

L- SHEET
^.j)>VETAL

  . tJM ■''' . .' 1. »JLJ. -■ ■■■mw

ROOFING CO

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

64
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

-iHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

llll!llllllllll!llllllll!!l!ll!llllllll!llllll!IIIIIIIIIIII!llll!l!!l

i'll

A BIG
MONEY-MAKER	j

For hotels, summer cot-	|§
tages, drug stores and	|
holders of summer resort	§|

privileges.	M

THE NEW	=
ORCHESTRAL	5

REGINA	3

Largest Music Box ever	s
made. Equal in register	p
1 of a 7-octave piano. Unequaled for volume	|§
M of tone and brilliancy of execution.	|j

—	PLAYS 1,000 TUNbS	|

The New Orchestral Regina, provided with	f=

—	uickel-in-the-slot device, coins money for its	I'
■- owners. Will earn $20 a day easily in any popu-	g|
"* lar summer resort, and at the same time furnish-	_
ing delightful entertainment lor all its hearers.	—
_ Write at once for descriptive catalogue. Music	—
__Boxes playing 1,000 tunes from $7 upwards.	=
—	These boxes arc a perfect revelation to all lovers	^
of good music. Catalogue free.	jy

I	REGINA MUSIC BOX CO., RAHWAY, N. J.	§

-11 11 1 11 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiri	T

Are You Short ?; pa;rs00som

The New

Ventilated Instep Lift"

THICK . .. . , .

____can be adjusted to increase

    bottom view	one’s height from one-quarter
10 one inch. It transforms a low, flat instep into one that is
arched and graceful. Walking is made a pleasure.
Is made of thin perforated pieces of cork, covered with
leather, which forms a smooth elastic heel cushion.
Ladies’ 14-in., 25c.; %-in., 35c.; /-/«., 45c. per pair.
Men’s %"in., 30c.; %-in., 40c.; l-in., 50c. “

(GIVE SIZE OF SHOE.)

All Shoe Stores, or send to

GILBERT & WILLIAMSON M’F’G CO.

    76	Elm Street, Rochester, N. Y.

NORRMTDE

   _ ___

Transposingpianos.

liiMiuntly transpose any song to suit any
voice. Are THE ONLY I'I WO* which
*raimpose a full chromatic octave. With
them any player can just as esisily play
any piece in all the other keys as in the
original key, and any singer can sing any
wong in exactly that key in which the
voice sounds best. This adds great value
10 these instruments, which in all other
respects are unsurpassed by any. They
Muit the most exacting critic, and are in-
dorsed by prominent musicians everywhere.
Any child can operate the movable key-
board, and it cannot be gotten out of order.
Voice Teachers, Singers, Churches, Schools,
and Theatres find them an indispensa-
ble convenience. Send for catalogue.

NORRIS & HYDE,

    2249 WASHINGTON STREET, 2261
    BOSTON, MASS.

RIGHT TO THE DOT.

It Means an Aid to Business Success.

A PRENTISS
CALENDAR CLOCK

S'ves in an instant the correct minute, hour, day of
e week and date. It’s always dependable. It’s
always right. It's neccssary alike in your mill,
factory, bank, store or home. It stands alone in its
superiority, as none other approaches it in clock
and calendar excellence.

You have your choice of a handsome case of
Walnut, Mahogany and Light or Dark Oak.

     8-I>ny Culm<ltir Clock, $12.80.

  00	“ “ “

Write for full particulars. Our Clock Catalogue
No. 5497 is yours for the asking.

Prentiss Clock Improvement Co.
Dept. No. 24, 49 Dey Street, New York.

The

©peraphone

 with it every word from the stage or platform can be heard in perfectly
 natural tones, by those sifting in remote parts of tin- Theatre, Opera
 House, Lecture ltoom <>r Church. Uy using the OI’KKAI’IIOX K
 people hard of hearing can distinctly hear ordinary conversation
 at from 10 to 30 feet. Write for descriptive circular, price, etc.
 Compound .Miero-Amliplioiio Co. Westlleld, Mass.U.S..A .

Used similar
to Opera
Glasses

If You Intend
   Buying a Piano

     it will cost you nothing: to secure information
     that may save you much money and more trouble.
     Send your address for a free copy of “The Artistic
     Pianoforte or The Humbug Piano, ’ to
     LUDDEN & BATES, 137 Fifth Ave., New York City.

Piano.

I f not for sale bv local dealer, write

HIE JOHN CHURCH CO.. CINCINNATI or CHICAGO.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Prim Paint

     may do for clapboards, but its opaque coating spoils
     the artistic effect of shingles.

Cabot’s Creosote
Shingle Stains

     color the shingles (in soft, velvety moss-green, bark-
     brown, and silver-gray tones) without hiding the
     wood-grain, and each shingle looks as if it grew that
     color. 50% cheaper than paint.

Stained wood samples and sketches sent free on application.
SAMUEL CABOT, Sole Mfr., 68 Kilby St., Boston, Mass.
Agent* ni all Central Points.

Church & Jobson, Architects, Chicago, III.

 PREPARED ^

WAX

  SAVES LABOR.

   Hardwood Floors arc less
   care than CARPETS when
   polished with the only
   correct finish.

Sold by all Paint Dealers.
Ask for pamphlet.

  S. C. JOHNSON, Racine, Wis.
  Mfr. of Fine Parquet Floors.

 High

 Grade

Bicycles

                                    for Men,Women,Girls <£
                                    Boys. Complete line at
                                    lowest prices ever quoted.

                                        $100 ‘Onkwood’ forf 15.00
      $85 ‘Arlington’ “ $37.60
      $56 « “ $-5.00
      $-0 Bicycle “ $10.76
      $75 'Maywood' Simplest, Strongest Bicycle on Earth “ $32.00
      Fully guaranteed. Shipped anywhere C.O.D. with privi-
      lege to examine. No money In advance. Buy direct from
      manufacturers, save agents and doalcra profits. I.argo
      Illustrated cntaloinie Tree. Address tin lull).

CashBuyers’Union.162W.VanBurenSt.B164Chicago

BRIGHTON ICE SHREDDER,

               The best machine in the world
               for making cool drinks*
               Tinned all over—Has tempered steel knife.
               It is self-emptying—Makes snow balls.
               Delivered any place in the U.S. for 50 cts.

& STROB.RIDCE IRON CO.,

NEW BRICHTON, PA.

LOCAN

A GIFT AT THE PRICE!

  Haring recently purohaaed the entire stock of walohea from a bank-
  rupt Brin, consisting of Mllil gold. silver and gold-tilled caaea, weahall
  offer a portion of tho entire lot at price* never before heard of In iho
  watch trade. Among tho (took are 8.780 AMERICAN style WATCHES,
  In 14k SOLID GOLD-KILLKI> CASKS, whloh we shall sell
  alngly or by tho dsien to prirato parties or the trado, at tho
  UNHEARD-OF LO'V PRICE of $a.98 EACH. Each
  and ovcry watch la guaranteed a perfect timekeeper, and each
  watch la accompaaied with our written guarantee for 20 year j.
  Think of It! A gcnuino Amorlean Stylo Movement watch, In
  solid gold-lllled cates and guaranteed for20 VEARS, for $.'1.08.

 iranting a flmt-clMS, rellablo timekeeper, at about c

                            Watcl

      Thojo i

      third retail prlre, should order at one*. Watch speculator*
      can tnake money by buying by tho dozen to sell. All are ele-
      gantly finished,'and guaranteed perfectly satisfactory In ev-
      ery respect. Cut this out and send to us and wo will send a
      watch to you C.O.D.. subject to examination, hr express. If
      found perfectly satisfactory, and exactly as represented, pay
      $S.9S and It Is yours, otherwise you do not pay one cent. Can
      w* make yon a'fairer offer? Ho Hire to mention whether you
      want ladles'or gont’asixe watch. Price $42.00 per dox. Address

 SAFE WATCH CO., » Murray St., Now York.

Drives and Bargains!

 A Two Dollar INROD^)ehvered'free 7 ^

 toany partof theUnltedStatesupon receiptof *

 Send 10 cents forour new 196 page catalogue. The finest
 ever published. Wholesale Prices. Contains Fishing
 Tackle, ltifles, Guns, Cameras, Electrical Goods, Venetian
 Iron, Hardware, Tools, Lathes, Scroll Saws, Etc. All
 New Goods. Address

 L. S. WILKINSON CO., 51 Dearborn St., Chicago.

NEW DRESS SET, lOc.

                                     A ucw ami beautlftu des-
                                     ign set Including pair of
                                     Cull end rigid link Cuff
                                     buttons. 3 studs, 1 collar
                                     button and new patent
                                     belt retainer in UK
                                     Homan gold or sterling
                                     allvor. Sxtraheavy plate.
                                     Worth 36c. In any store.
                                     To give you nnlnklini of
                                     our l.ooo Bargains we
                                     send complete set and
                                     lnrpe cntalogtie postpnld
                                     ONLY IO CTS. 8 fcrfes*-

                                     Inirersoll k Urn., Dept, -I!*
                                     66 Cortlandt St,. N. V. City.

DCAIiTV 1C D n VA/ C D i>R. campbeli/s safe arsenic com-
D&AUTY IO r U W b K PLEXION WA FERS,. FOII IjD’S A H SENIC

SO A I* mwl KAITT.D’S A 1C SF.\ A T.T N F. (' liF.ASI arc the most wonderful preparations in the world for the complexion.

MODERN MINING MACHINERY

   The Cates Rock and Ore Breaker
   and the Tremain Steam Stamp Mill

have revolutionized the milling of ores. We have made the study of treating low grade
ores our specialty. Address

     CATES IRON WORKS, Dept. K.K.650 Elston Ave., Chicago.

             Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

                                66
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 <r

 AS

  /(V

  /l>

A

$

 6>

 to

 to

 to

 to

&

  /*\

  /;>

 /a

I

 to

 &

»

  'l>

  (ft

 $

 to

 to

 to

 to

A

 to

$

 to

 to

 to

 to

 4s

 to

 to

a

 to

a

     Those who
     Attended the

  QUEEN’S
  DIAMOND
  JUBILEE

and used

 Cfteque Dank
 Cheques

     found them more
     satisfactory than

LETTERS OF CREDIT

  Absolutely Safe. Payable in Gold. May
  be used anywhere and everywhere in the
  entire world — from Iceland to South
  Africa. May be procured of our agents
  throughout the country, or at the chief
  office,

40-42 'Wall St., New York

U. $. gHeque BainK, Limited

FRED'K W. PERRY, Manager

Send for Illustrated Pamphlet

v

Best Things j

 You don’t need a fountain pen.	\

 You need the fountain pen.	<,

 We mean fountain pen—	;

 Not a cross between a stick and	a ^

squirt gun— .	^

 Not an old thing fixed up—	^

 Just the fountain pen.	«

 You buy it and be happy.	j
 You won’t wonder we call it “ Ideal.” '

 Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pen.	v

 Your money back if you do.	<

 Ask your dealer or	i

\

L* E. Waterman Co*

\55 and J57 Broadway, New York, j

\

  Largest Fountain Pen Manufacturers in the World. y

*

Mention McClure’s.	yi

7i*97.	S

   Is Now Placing cn File Application:

   for the autumn Civil Service exam-
   inations in the Postal, Internal
   Revenue, Customs. Departmental
   (including Railway, Mail and In-
   dian), and Government Printing
   Services. Owing to I lie recent
   great extensions of the servlceN

  6,000 Appointments,

 liT and doubtless many more, will be
 ii made next year. Now is the time
 j to take the first Bteps to get one.

   We will tell you just what must be
   done. We are the originators of
   mail instructions for Civil Service
   Examination. We have had five
   years experience* and hundreds
   of our students are now in different
   branches of the Government Ser-
   vice. Many have received appoint-
   ments within a month from the
   timo they were notilled of their
   grades by the Commission.

    Full particular* about all government
    positions, salaries, dates anil places of ex-
    aminations, ctc., free to all who address as
    follows:

   NATIONAL CORRESPOlfDKNCK INSTITUTE,

   2d National Hank Hid?, Washington, 1>. C.
   Dhi'ahtmk.nt C. 8.

 Direct from maker to user.

 Li

MIAMI

AND CHAIR

 or either, will be sent
 you “ on approval,” to be
 returned at our ex-
 pense if not considered
 positively the best
 obtainable anywhere at
 so low a price as that we
 name.

   (Any article of our en-
 tire line siiipped upon
 same terms.)

No. 10 E.

(Patent af>fitted for.)

tv*	v

                        Everyone must have some place for
                        filing letters, bills, special papers, etc.
                        This desk has three complete
                        letter files within arm’s reacli under
                        lock.

                           Art Catalogue of office desks, tables
                           and desk chairs, mailed to any address
                           upon request.

   THE FRED MACEY CO., Grand Rapids, Mich.

LADIES’ DESKS...........

 bookcases.......Many styles, many prices. Illustrated

 TURKISH EASY chairs	Catalogue mailed upon request.

AND COUCHES .....

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertiser.

^7
McCL URE'S MAGAZJNE.

AUTOMATIC

A DAY’S WORK IN HALF AN HOUR

It's useless toil to sit writing the same thing over and over all the day long when you can do as much, and
do it better, by a few minutes' use of the

JEbison fllMmeoovapb

    The MIMEOGRAPH is as quick and accurate as a printing press and its work is as effective as letters
    written word by word. Anybody can operate it and can produce 1000 fac-simile copies per hour from the
    start. It duplicates both handwriting and typewriting, and the zoooth copy is as bright and clear as the first.

  Endorsed by Over 200,000 Users.

    Flease call and see it or send for catalogue and samples of work.

  A. B. DICK COMPANY, 152-154 Lake St.. Chicago; 47 Nassau St., New York

          United States.
          Government Positions

                     For those desiring one of Uncle Sam’s 150.000
                     lucrative positions, we offer facilities for fitting
                     them along Government lines, for passing
                     the required Civil Service examination at a high
                     grade, and advise the proper method to pursue
                     to obtain an appointment. These facilities are
                     secured by having at its head Hon. John H.
                     Oberly, who for several years was at the head of the U. S. Civil
                     Service Commission, through which all appointments are made.

STUDY LAW AT HOME

  This Instituti. n also teaches law by correspondence, and fits
  students for the active practice of law.

  Three Courses are taught: University, Business, and Special.

NATIONAL INFORMATION BUREAU

1422 New York Avenue, - - WASHINGTON, D. C.

GET RICH QUICKLY

 A Fortune in an Hour
 can be made by inventing
 something new. Send for
 list of 300 Inventions Wanted and Patent Book Free. No

charge for selling patents procured through us except commission.

EDGAR TATE & CO.

SOLICITORS OF UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN PATENTS, TRADE
MARKS, DESIGNS AND COPYRIGHTS
245 BROADWAY, - - _ - - _ - NEW YORK

Branch houses in all countries
THE LEADING HOUSE OF THE WORLD

TYPEWRITER

                                 \"o have machines of every make.
                                 Guaranteed in perfect order or money
                                 refunded. Sent anywhere with priv-
                                 ilege of examination.

                     TYPEWRITERS

SOLO. RENTED. EXCHANGED.

                                    Write us before buying. Send forillus*
                                    trated catalog of new and old m_chines.

214 La Salle Street,
CHICAGO.

mom ivniEi imim.

STEAM ENGINEERING

 (Stationary,-- Locomotive, Marine); Mechanical
 Drawing: Architectural Draw'g; Machine Design ;

 Electricity; Architecture; Plumbing; Railroad,

 Municipal, Q I PAIIQCFC and Bridge
 Hydraulic O I UUUIlwLw Engineering;

 Surveying and Mapping; Metal Pattern (Jutting;

 Bookkeeping; Shorthand; English Branches;

 Mining; Metal Prospecting. All who Study

GUARANTEED SUCCESS

 'Fees Moderate, Advance or 1 natal I menu.

 Cirentar free. Stale subject you irish to study.

 International Correspondence School*, B«* 814' Scrunton, I*a.

 SEND

 15c. st amps for illustrated copy Tlome Study Magazine, 48 p.
 Teaches science aud drawing. H S14 ScrautOU.Pa.

PATENTS

 Thos. P. Simpson, Washington, D. C.
 No attorney's fee until patent obtained.

 WRITE FOR INVENTORS GUIDE.

 Yftll

  j yU AiAViiTistiiis' 1

roafc* mor«r dUulboHne CirrnUr* «o<! 8 am pi**. Salary anJ
1 to trawl. Nc eaiivaacia*. Kooiu«a Vc. ■Camii,

BUiiKAU. Ko. Hi* W. 31»t SU, flew \oriu

 ARO FOR SAIC
 OR EXCHANGE.
 lHARBACH Sl CO. 809 FilbertSt.Phila.Pa

WEDDING INVITATIONS

 or Announcements. Correct styles. 100 steel plate script for
 $4.00. 50 for $2.75, complete, delivered, too Visiting Cards, 75c.
 Established 1874. C. 1£. C. DePUY, Syracuse, N. V.

BOYS

PAPER FREE.

If you will send us
your name and the
names of several of your boy friends, we will send you a
copy of the STAR for ^ months free. Address with stamp,
THE STAR, Dept. M, Oak Park, 111.

                                                            Row, sail,
                                                            and hunt-
                                                            ing boats,

_	canoes,

  etc. Send too. for catalog. Specialty of Half and One raters.
  KACINE YACHT AND BOAT WORKS, Racine Junction, Wis.

JOSEPH CILLOTT’S STEEL PENS,

      THE STANDARD PENS OF THE WORLD.

  Numbers 303, 404, 604 E. F., 332, 601 E. F., 1044, and Stubs 1008, 1043 and Others.

           Highest Awards, Paris Expostion, 1S7S and 1889, and Chicago, 1893.

You Would Use a Typewriter

If you could buy it right.

                                                 We can sell you any of the standard
          makes at a saving of from 40 to 609?. Fully guaranteed. Shipped
          with privilege of examination. Write us for catalogue.

 CflllR QTODCQ / 1Barclay Si., New York; 156 Adams St., Chicago ;
 ruun oiunco \ 38 CourtSq., Boston; 818 Wyandotte St., Kansas City.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

                       63
McCLUItE'S MAGAZINE.

s£JV£.v
FOR	: '

QrALo^; '•

FAY MFG.V-^

 •	COMPANY 22( PINE STREET ELYRIA, OHIO.

                              HELP FOR THE HELPLESS" *

’ .mi\uuii>

& CHILDREN
HAND & FOOT
POWER	4

Costs Less to Start With

 THE.

Daugherty...
  Visible

 Is a Saver of
    Time and
    Money

Oft

 Catalogue of

THE DAUGHERTY TYPEWRITER CO.

14 West Main St., Kittanning, Pa.

N. Y. City Agency, C. C. W. Peck, 320 Broadway

Please mention McCllire’s

TYPEWRITERS

  WE BOUGHT FOR CASH during the hard
  times, at our own prices, and now offer AT
  UNIIEARI) OF FIGURES an immense stock of all
  makes, embracing, among others, the following:

 368 REMINGTONS
 U3 CALIGRAPHS
 69 HAMMONDS
 21 YOSTS
 67 SMITHS
 40 BAR LOCKS
 31 WILLIAMS
 26 DAUGHERTYS

   And a miscellaneous stock of all other makes, including
   Densmores, Munsons, Franklins, Fords, Nationals,
   Crandalls, Edisons, etc.

OUR PRICES WILL ASTOUND YOU

      We are the largest handlers in the world of all makes
   of typewriters. Established in New York for fourteen
   years. Unprejudiced advice given. 52-page illustrated
   catalogue and samples free on application.

      Machines shipped anywhere for examination before
   purchase.

Don't Buy Before Writing (/s.

TYPEWRITER HEADQUARTERS
102-104 Fulton St. • - NEW YORK

when you write to advertisers.

69

>»»•»>•»» THE ««««««

J^emington

£	....Standard Typewriter \

fS	a

g takes no liberties with its reputation. ft

I The New Models |

y	" ^	y

y therefore represent a marked advance	y
y in practical Construction, increased	Jy
5J Usefulness, prolonged Durability,
v greater Economy.	v

y	SEND FOR NEW ILLUSTRATED QATALOGUE.	^

K/	v/

y Wyckoff, Seamans & Benedict, y

^	327 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.	V

Running" 1/JJll kJ111V/liJLi Typewriter.”

The Ball-Bearing Type-Bar Joints Mark an Era in Type-
writer Construction.

    OTHER SUPERIORITIES ESTABLISHED:
 LIGHTEST KEY TOUCH

 Because of the Compound Levers.

 GREATEST SPEED

 Because of the Convertible Speed Escapement.

 MOST CONVENIENT PAPER FEED

 Because of the unique paper-fingers, and ease with which
 platen is turned to show writing.

BEST FOR BOTH CORRESPONDENCE and MANIFOLDING
Because of the instantly interchangeable printing cylinders.
Our descriptive pamphlet contains strong praise from
Leading Concerns and from the U. S. Government.

Densmore Typewriter Co., 3,&£"?JX,y
McCLTIRE'S MAGAZTNE.

or crate
detachable,
yet all com-
‘ bining a
handsome
bookcase

RE-HOTELSFORBo
H° BOOKCASES *<!

BUILT LIKE A “FLAT'

(gaefifcbvordejluthor iri a fiat of fu*5 own

Each 'flat' ;*lafflTpMWTT ~Each crat

as you add
to your
Library fe-
add more m,
crates to
hold the *'■&
Books.

Each crate

case can

A mile,c3ry
ifnece55 >
^ Top 6 Bottom Ornamental
Pieces To Fit Any combination.

£LWAYS COMPLETE, YET NEVER FINISHED. ' ^

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

THE WERNICKE

SYSTEM OF ELASTIC BOOKCASES.

'-‘■MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.*-
~Send for Trt* Rootlet "WERNICKE PAYS THE FREIGHT.”

Your

Furniture

Mantels

Grates

Interior
Wood-work

----Bank Counters and

Screens should harmon-
ize. .. Anything in Hard
Wood or Tile we sell—
designed by your archi-
tect, or we will design,
make and deliver... Our
large illustrated catalog
(free) will help you select
suitable Furniture for any
place. Write us.

The Robert Mitchell Furniture Co.

 Established 1836.
 Capital. $1,000,000.00.

23 West Fourth Street,
CINCINNATI, 0.

Anj Young Woip} Caq Earn

From S> I 5 to $25 a Week

 as a stenographer. A three months’ course of short-
 hand for 25 cents. Learn it at your own home. W e
 can give as thorough, practical, and skilful a coursc of
 shorthand as you can obtain at any school in the world
 for which you would have to pay f 75.00. Our course
 is written and conducted by James E. Munson, the
 greatest living authority on stenography.

 A 3 Months’ Course of Stenography for 25 Cents

 The course is conducted by personal lessons through
 our paper and by mail. No other expense. We make
 you a rapid stenographer in 20 lessons.- To show you
 the thorough practicability of this course we give to
 every one answering this advertisement the three
 months’ course for only 25 cents. It is the simplest
 and most complete course ever devised.

WE EMPLOY YOD FOR ONE YEAR.

 To the person showing the most skill and thorough-
 ness at the end of the course we offer a year’s engage-
 ment in our office at a salary to commence with of $15
 a week. Send 25 cents in silver or stamps today. A
 course of stenography will fit you for profitable em-
 ployment. This offer is open to young men and bright
 boys and girls also. Address

Woman’s World and Jenness Miller Monthly
Educational Dep't, 22 L 24 North William St.

Box 2155,......NEW YORK CITY

“Frozen	PPPP
 Dainties”

 We have made a handsome little book that is a veritable encyclopedia about all frozen delicacies.
 It tells just how to make the most delicious Frozen Creams, Cherbets, Ices, Fruits, etc. It is written
 by Mrs. D. A. Lincoln (Author, “ Boston Cook Book ”), and every recipe is tried and true, practical,
 perfect, and easy.

                      Because this book says a few words about the world-renowned White Mountain Freez-
                      ers, we send it absolutely free, by postpaid mall. A postal card request will bring
                      you one if you send to-day, and mention this magazine in writing. Address

THE WHITE MOUNTAIN FREEZER COMPANY, Dept. I>, Nashua, N. H.

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

70
McCL URE'S MA GA ZINE.

The Berkshire Hills
Sanatorium,

An institution for the scientific treatment of

Cancer,

Tumors, and all forms of
Malignant Growths,

WITHOUT THE USE OF THE KNIFE.

   We have never failed to effect a permanent cure where
we have had a reasonable opportunity for treatment.
Hook and Circulars giving a description of our Sana-
torium and Treatment, with terms and references, free.

Address DRS. W. E. BROWN & SON, North Adams, Mass.

All you ever need

SOZODONT

 Because a good dentist and a good
 dentifrice are indispensable in the
 proper care of the teeth.

  A sample of Sozodont for three cents.
  Address P. O. Box 247, New York City.

HALL & RUCKEL,

 NEW YORK.	PROPRIETORS.	LONDON.

,tfr^=J-tc«=s>MKs=»tog=y»»o«s=>cc<s=>cc«g=;»co<g=»to«-r=fct

the

THE

NARROW TREAD

NARROW TREAD

 Model No. 3
 $100.

 That has this mechanically correct
 principle.

Racycle

We assert that a bicycle having the
sprocket wheel and chain puli be-
tween the bearings, or a bicycle
having the balls in the hubs of the
cranks, with chain running between
the balls, has from 20 to 30 per
cent, less pressure on the bearings
than a Wheel with the sprocket
either over or outside the bearings.

INQUIRY BLANK.

 To the Advertising Department
 Miami Cycle and Mfg. Co.,

Middletown, Ohio.

 Tlease send me fuller information
 regarding your wonderful Racycle,
 nari'oio-tread, and how I cun obtain one.

Name........................

A dd ress......................

 P. S. If there is a Kacycle Agent in your town
 don’t write us but call on him.

OUR
Crank Hanger
Does It!

Who can disprove, and maintain
our statement is false.

MIAMI CYCLE & MFG. CO., Middletown, Ohio

<KK)-O^K>00<K><K>0<K)^<><K>0^)^0<>0<KK><KH

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.

71
MCCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

#

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 “ The Black Cat publishes stories that aki; stories—Chicago Timks-Herald.

 ' If you see it in The Black Cat it's a story that is « story.”— Baltimore American.

The Black Cat
Prize Stories.

$2,600.00

  Cash.

%

 v»/

 vi/

f

 vi/

       The result of the prize story contest announced by the publishers of The Black Cat last
     November, and which closed March 31, is given below. Manuscripts were submitted from every
     State in the Union, Canada, Mexico, South America, Australia, India, England, and also the
     iii continent of Europe. Every story of the thousands received was judged solely on its merits,
     the name or reputation of a writer receiving no consideration whatever. The prize money was
     promptly paid by certified checks on the International Trust Co., as will be seen by reference to
     the following page.

 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS

 /is
 $

 /IS

 /is

 /IN

a

4S

 /IS

a

 /IS
 /IV
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 #

 /is

 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 /IS
 i
 HL

 These are the successful contestants:—

1st Prize, $1,000.

       $500.
       $300.
       $200.

 2d Prize,
 3d Prize,
 4th Prize,
 5th Prize.

$lOO.

$100.

$100.

$100.

$100.

$100.

 Total,

$2,600.

 A Celestial Crime.

                      Charles Stuart Pratt, Warner, N. H •

 “The Heart of God.”

                     Joanna E. Wood, Philadelphia, Pa.

 For Dear Old Yale.

                    James Langston, New York, N. Y.

 Her Hare Foot.

                    William C. Hudson, Fordham, New York, N. Y.

     The following were deemed of equal merit, and instead of
 dividing the fifth prize, $/00 was awarded to each.

 A Geometrical Design.

                     Mary Foote Arnold, Terre Haute, Ind.

 Ezra Colllngford’a Figure -4 Trap.

                    William Maynadier Browne, Readville, Mass.

 Sombre.

                      John M. Ellicott, U. S. N., Marc Island, Calif.
 In the Cabin of the Ben Bo.t.

                     Bert Leston Taylor, Duluth, Minn.

 His Millionaire Client.

                     Sallie Pate Steen, South Enid, Oklahoma.
 Melted Melody.

                     James J. McEvilly, Washington, I). C.

  The publication of the above stories, which are not merely prize stories in name but prize
  stories in fact, begins in the

July Issue

 of

The Black Cat!

 The Bi.ack Cat aims to publish the most fascinating stories that brains and genius can
 produce and money can buy. It publishes no continued stories, no translations, no borrowings,
 no stealings, and 110 stories that have nothing to recommend them except the name or reputation
 of their writers. It is unique, clean, handy, and attractive.

   A ny one who will send us JO cents NO IV (postage
 stumps will do) for a year's subscription to The Black
 Cat, will receive, postpaid, monthly as issued, beginning
 with July, the twelve numbers, containing not only all of
 the above $2,boo prize stories, but Jj other equally fasci-
 nating stories, costing over 5/2,000. For f/.oo received
 before A ugust /j, we will send, postpaid, all back numbers
 from October, /Sgj, to June, rHqy—2r in all—and a/so
 mail monthly as issued one copy of The Black Cat,
 rrom July, /Sq7. to December, ISqS. This offer, which
 covers 3 1-4 years' subscription at the price of 2year;, com-
 prises over 200 of the cleverest stories ever told, a/l
 original, complete, and copyrighted, — costing nearly
 $J0,000, and published exclusively in The Black Cat.

200

 Stories of Adventure
 Stories of Mystery
 Stories of Love
 Stories of Detectives
 Stories of humor
 Stories of Pathos
 Stories of Travel

 Address, The Shortstory Publishing Co., Fort Hill Building, Boston, Mass.

T

  sl/

  si/

  VI/

I

  sl/

  VI/

I

  VI/

  VI/
  VI/
  VI/
  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

I

1

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  Vf/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

  VI/

 Sb
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

 /|\

 /S

 H\

m

 /is

m

 /is

 /IS

 /ft

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /Is

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

#

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

 /IS

!

 /IS

 /is

 /IS
 A

The Black Cat Prize Stories.

 iat Prize, $1,000, paid to Charles Stuart Pratt, Warner, N. H.

 Par to On

onah Tnist Company,

 for. Milk and I)cron shin S/ntter^.

■y.MDoIJars

 .1007.

 zd Prize, $500, paid to Joanna E. Wood, Philadelphia, Pa.
          f

 Pay to til

3.'

 7Vb._lQQ3_-:

ton, A/ass.L . 189 J

wak Trust Company,

             •vonshir* Street*.

...&,...UT.oir.cL:

 3d Prize, $300, paid to James Langston, New York, N. F.

J.-Wass.,-, olji/ulAL .189 j

itbnah Trust Company,

 41I1 Prize, paid to .William C. Hudson, Fordham, New York, XT. Y.

                                            ton, Mass., .yj^lAdX.. ^.L../89'l

                    iomih Trust Company,

    Milk and D*vonahir+

 UJL/.ojyiOu. Q.^/bjAAar/:.

 'he Shortstory Publishing Co

 .ZlDoJ/ars

/~'J£he Shortstory -

 CX.

 5th Prize, paid to Mary Foote Arnold, Terre Haute, Ind.

ston, Afas*., ..

 iona'1 Trust Company,

  Cor. Milk anil Dm von shire Stmttx.

 51/MM..lir

~?..C(J)oUars

 Each

i

 si/

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

f

T

 VI/

§

#

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

f

 VI/

 VI/

 VJ/

 VI/

 VI/

 vi/

 VI/

V/

 vi/

 VI/

 VI/

 VI/

W

t

%

 V!>

 VI/

 VI/

vw

I

 VI/

  .....13/ the following parties also received a certified check for $100 as a fifth prize : JVm. Mtiynadier Browne, Read-

 ville, Mass.; J. M. Ellicott, U. S. N., Mare Island, Calif; Bert Lesion Taylor, Duluth, Minn.; Sal/ie Fate .Steen, VI#
 South Enid, Okla.; James J. Me Evilly, Washington, D. C.	k‘J*«

  “ The Black Cat is the most captivating story teller in existence—Philadelphia Call.

73
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

GENUINE

DIAMONDS

Are no better for all intents and purposes than
the Genuine White Topaz that we are selling at
We have demonstrated, and all experts admit that White 1 opaz
cannot be detected from real diamonds and in order to convince you
of this fact, we have inaugurated

A GREAT SPECIAL OFFER!

We will send you a Genuine White Topaz mounted in a Bing, Scarf or Necktie Pin,
Stud, Cuff Huttons, Locket or Pair of Ear-rings; any size stone you want, on receipt
of One Dollar.	,	.
One Dollar pays for any article shown in this border. I lck out what you want, send
us One Dollar and you will receive what you order by return mail, a White lopaz you
will be justly proud of, and one that positively cannot be detected from a real diamond.

GENUINE WHITE TOPAZ.

This is the real article that vo« have read m much about. The stones that have fooled the
Pawn brokers.	WE A RE THE SOLE IMPORTERS 1

Our title has been protected by the courts!

Genuine WIiite Topaz, bears no relation to other so-called Imitation Diamonds no mat-
ter under what name they nre advertised. They are tho hardest of semi-precious stones, im-
possible to detect from real diamonds and warranted to retain their brilliancy. All others pale
to insignificance when compared with White Topaz. Put them side by side and see for yourself.

GUR GUARANTEE

W e warrant each and every
Topaz to retain its brilliancy and
the mountings to give perfect
satisfaction.

Wo will pivoyou AncThdimanil
Hollar* if you can show that we
have ever refused to replace a
White Topaz that was returned
as unsatisfactory.

DIAMONDS DUPLICATED IN
WHITE TOPAZ.

Royalty and the four hundred
who own celebrated and costly
diamonds set in necklaces, tiaras,
brooches, bracelets and girdles,
keep them in burglar proof vaults,
while they wear In publictheexact
duplicates in White Topaz and
no one ever detects tlie (inference.

     White Topaz are Good Enough for Royalty;
                        Are They Good Enough for You?

THE GREATEST SALE IN THE HISTORY OF THE A _
          JEWELRY BUSINESS.	A<\ f\

RINGS that seem worth from $50 to $200 at....................... jV ■ wsrfa

STUDS *“	“ $5O “ $200 “ ..................... ft* ■ »§S

pins “	“ $50 “ $200 “ ..................... m

Cuff Iiutton“8	“ $25 “ $50 “ .....................

lockets ••	“	“ $50 “ “"I::::::;.:;:;:;:::	^

Ear-Rinj;s “	“ $50 “ $200 “ ......................

    In ordering ring, send slip of paper that shows size around the finger.

Send us One Dollar, money order or registered letter and you will be delighted with the
White Topaz that you receive.

 Money Refunded If Goods are Not Satisfactory.

THE DIAMOND PALACE,

AMERICAN EXPRESS BUILDING,	CHICAGO, ILLS.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.
do you smoke?

7/1 We are making a cigar it will pay you to
?/ know more about. If you want a good
if smoke at a low price send $2 for a box of our

J ENSIGN STOGIE CIGARS

J____100 in the box. They are hand made, long

J	fillers: no flavor but that of tobacco good

^	tobacco: no drugs of any kind; they improve

4)	with age. We tnink you will find them

THE VERY BEST

cigars at the price, you ever smoked. If you don’t,
send them back. Tell us what is the matter with
them, or what you think is the matter, and wc will
return the money. If they are not as good as they
ought to be. we want to know it. That’s fair, isn’t
it ? Suppose you try them. Sample box of

12 FOR 30 CENTS.

CRESCENT CIGAR COMPANY, Wheeling, W. Va.

MCCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Will Kruiuvc Wrinkles and ull Fndul Itlcml~h<«, POSITIVE
A PERFECT COMPLEXION BEAUTIFIER

Trade Mark

Registered.

Will Last

Ready

 Forever.

For Use

At all

 Charging;.

Times

 Copyright, 1897. The Batcs-Whitman Co., N. Y.

Dr. JOHN WILSON GIBBS

ELECTRIC MASSAGE ROLLER

Patented United States and England, Dec. 1, '96; Jan'y 25, '97.

  Most effectual in Muscle and Tissue building, also for Reduction of Cor-
  pulency. Will develop or reduce any part of the body. For Rheumatism
  and all circulatory and nervous diseases a specific, "t he reputation and pro-
  fessional standing of the inventor (you are referred to the public press for
  the past fifteen years), with the approval of this country and England, is a
  perfect guarantee. Price: Silver, #8. Cold, ♦ ft. Mail or Office.

Hr. JOHN WILSON (illtlts CO., 1158 Broadway, Mew York
A request will bring you two books.

No Dieting | . Dr. JOHN WILSON GIBBS'	1 No Hard Work

GOLD OBESITY CURE
For the Permanent Reduction and Cure of Obesity

"I can take a pound a day off" a patient, or put it on.”—A'. K. Sun, Aug.30,'91.

The Cure In boMcd on Nature’* luwu.—Ji.V. Herald, July 9, ’98.

  Purely Vegetable. Harmless and positive. NO FAILURE. Your re-
  duction is assured—reduced to stay. #2.00 a hox. Three for &K.OO.
  One month’s treatment. Mail, or Office. 9r>8 Itroadway, New York.

SWEETWATER PAR ft HOTEL. LITHIA SPRINGS. GA.
THE SOUTH’S GREATEST HEALTH RESORT.

A NATURAL LITHIA SPRING WATER.
STILL AND SPARKLING.

Bowden
Litbia Water

FROM LITHIA SPRINGS, GEORGIA.

Nature’s Remedy

FOR ALL DISEASES OF THE BLADDER AND
KIDNEYS, NERVES, RHEUMATISM AND GOUT.

  BLADDER

                                        Atlanta, Ga.. July 11.1895.
DEAR SIRS:—I take pleasure in stating that
AND URETHRA. I have been a constant prescril>er of How den
I ithia IVater for a number of years, and have
found it an invaluable adjunct in the treatment of diseases of Uie bladder and
urethra. In the general classes of diseases dependent upon the uric acid
diathesis, this water has always given me good results.

                Respectfully, Wm. Perrin Nicolson. M.D..
President Southern Medical College: Professor of Anatomy and Lecturer on
Clinical Surgery: Surgeon to Orady Hospital.

  NERVOUS

Hartford, Conn., Jan. 14,1891.

                          I am pleased to say that I have been using the
DYSPEPSIA. Bowden I.ithui Water with success in the case of
my wife, who has been an invalid for three months,
suffering from nervous dyspepsia. Nothing that we did was of value until we
began to use this water. Since then she has found it to be of ereat value and
has improved steadily.	T. D. CROTHERS, M.D..

President Walnut Lodge Hospital; Mem. Am. Psychological Association;

    Mem. Am. Med. Association.

             UNSURPASSED AS A TABLE WATER.

In Pints and Quarts (SPARKLING). % Gal., 5 Gal. and 12 Gal. Packages (STILL).

     A Postal brings our Illustrated Pamphlet and Price List.

LITHIA SPRINGS, GA.
ATLANTA, GA.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.

         BOWDEN LITHIA SPRINGS CO.

131 West 42d Street, - Near Broadway, ~ NEW YORK.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

75
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

For nearly Fifty Years, with this device as our Trade Mark
(ST. GEOPwGE AND THE DRAGON,)

HOSTETTEB’S STOMACH BITTERS

HAS It35JEN THE PROTECTOR OF

The Voyager on the High Seas,

The Sojourner in Malarial Districts,

The Debilitated of every Clime.

In fact, for the cure of all those Ills and Infirmities of Human
Nature caused by a lack of Stamina, an«l the Nervous Strain
which attends the activities of our busy lives.

If there is no News-

dealer in your town who can show you specimens of
"PUCK'S LIBRARY,” the greatest purely humorous
publication in the English language, mail us Ten Cents
(Silver or U. S. Postage Stamps) and we will send you
FOUR specimen copies of it by return of mail. Each copy
has 32 pages, with over 100 Illustrations by America's
hzst Artists and contributions by America's best Humorists.

We want YOU to subscribe for "PUCK'S LIBRARY."
That 's why we practically give you these sample copies.

               Address: “PUCK," Dep. 2, New York.

Prescribed and approved by all the medical authorities, for CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA, TORPIDITY OF THE LIVER, HEMORRHOIDS, as well as
for all kindred ailments resulting from indiscretion in diet.

CAUTION : $ee Mat the label bears the signature of the firm ANDREAS SAXLEHNERa

Please mention McClure's when you write to advertisers.
McCL URE'S MA GAZJNE.

tnif'filMbi1 y'i"i"

OR WHATEVER THE TEMPERATURE

 No home complete without one of
 these beautiful Transparent

; Williams

; Jer afJo flet Soap

                         . i

FOR A V
LIMITED TIME<

1 dozen
XaKes of

 TiieJ.BWiluam* Go

 Gl ASTOMum Conn. U.SA.

 . Proprifltpn* cf

-	Shaving Soa?s

  Ask your Druggist for it, or send us $2.00, and we will
  express—prepaid—one dozen cakes of soap and a thermometer.

      Sample, cake (full size) sent, postpaid, upon receipt of 15
  cenLs—the regular retail price. Address

 Department R.	GLASTONBURY, CONN

  Manufacturers for over half a century of

 WILLIAMS’ FAMOUS SHAVING SOAPS.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

77
McCL URE'S MA GA ZINE.

Co/v€*t~	<ys3f~ ~tt££

     A^y/xlh /nan _ t^u&Stion.
     film, c/oS£ '» (T?n?won..

We have been in the out-of-the-ordinary business of News-
    paper Advertising for 28 years.

For most of this time we have been doing much the
   largest business in this line.

We have paid to the newspapers for advertising space over
    twenty million dollars.

We have to-day i=>o employees, and believe we are giving
    better service than ever.

    these facts seem to any one sufficient
to justify the inference that we are “ tSie
right men,” we will be much pleased to
discuss with him the questions without
which there can be no right newspaper
advertising.

N. W. AYER & SON,

        Newspaper Advertising—Magazine Advertising

Philadelphia.

P'ease iv.cntion McClure's when yon write to advertisers.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

Hay-
Fever

   CHANGE OF CLIMATE as a means of relief
   from this distressing malady is, at best,
   uncertain, annoying, and expensive.

    It never cures, and the relief is but temporary.

    Year by year the benefit is less, and new places have
    to be tried. Business interests suffer because of
    enforced absence; your family may have to suffer
    because deprived of necessaries in order to pay your
    bills; you suffer yourself if you return “ahead of time/'

   NOT SO with our patients. They can stay at
   home in comfort, carry on their usual oc-
   cupation, and perform their duties; have
   relief from the terrible itching, burning, sneezing,
   coughing, wheezing, and distress for breath; can
   sleep sound, and awake refreshened; and best
   of all, can be

CURED TO STAY CURED.

                              “ Having suffered acutely from Hay-Fever for twenty years, and finding relief only in
                              Europe or the Mountains, it needed only ten days’ trial of your treatment to find perfect
                              relief. I took the medicines six weeks last season and their effect upon my system was
                              constantly beneficial in every way. 1 sleep, eat and work better than ever, my complexion is
                              clearer than for years, and during the past winter, although the weather has been very trying,

                                 1	have been absolutely free from any colds or cough."

                                                     RALPH EMERSON, 131 Tremont St., Boston, Mass.

                                 “ I did not send you a report of my condition because I felt so well that I discontinued the
use of the medicines. I scarcely know how to thank you for the good results your medicines
produced in making the dreaded Hay-Fever and Asthma bearable to me. Every year during
the Fever season, 1 have had to leave the city at great expense and inconvenience to myself
\*/	and then suffered from the Asthma on my return. 1 tried every remedy suggested by friends,

                                had operations performed upon my throat and nose, but to no purpose. Since 1 started to take
(T .	your medicines, August 7th, 1 have been absolutely free from Asthma and remained quietly at

                               home, happy and grateful. If you desire, you may publish this in order that your medicines
                               may do for other sufferers what they have done for me.”

 Respectfully yours,

                           Oct. 9th, 1896.	RF.V. N(. MESSING, No. 285 N. Delaware St., Indianapolis, Ind.

    Send for Examination Blank and 136-page Book
    on Asthma and Hay-Fever, with 2,000 references.

Address	DR. HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

79
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE.

  In

  All

  the

World

No

Trip

Like

This

    To tour the Great Lakes and their connecting rivers would, under any circumstances,
be a journey full of charm and interest; but to make the round trip from Buffalo to Duluth
by the magnificent steamships of the Northern Steamship Company is to experience the
most delightful 2,000 miles of travel it is possible to take.

  STARTING from Buffalo at 9.30 p.m. on any
Tuesday or Friday during the summer season, the route
is through Lake l'.rie, touching at Cleveland early the
next morning, and at Detroit that afternoon, passing
through the “straits,” the beautiful Lake St.Clair,
and the St. Clair River by daylight, then into Lake
Huron and through that great inland sea, reaching
historic Mackinac Island at 10.30 the second morning,
thence up the extremely picturesque St. Mary’s River,
dotted with full 5,000 islands, and passing through the
“ Soo ” and its world-famed locks, all by daylight. 1 he
following night and day are spent on the vast expanse
and in the invigorating atmosphere of Lake Superior,
Duluth coming into sight as the evening shadows fall.
After three-quarters of a day in the Zenith City the
return trip is made in the reverse order, so that the
entire route is seen, going or coming, by daylight, and
Buffalo reached at noon of the seventh day.

           “Seven halcyon days of blessed rest,"
worth a month’s ordinary vacation to the weary brain
and tired body.

  While to this unequalled cruise for rest anti health
and pure enjoyment Nature has contributed so much
that is grand and beautiful, nineteenth-century progress,
:is evidenced in the flourishing cities, summer resorts,
and the immense commerce of the Lakes, has added that
requisite so necessary to interest one and so noticeably
lacking in a mere ocean voyage. But it remained for
tiic Northern Steamship Company to bring all within
the experience of the tourist by a fleet of steamships
which are to the Great Lakes what the finest hotels are
to tiie most celebrated summer resorts.

  The North I.and and The North IVest are, indeed,
nothing less (and at the same time a great deal more)
than irreat summer hotels afloat.

  Banish from your mind at once any idea of the
“ cabined, cribbed, confined ”
quarters of the ordinary steamship, and replace it with
the picture of private parlors en suite with bath, brass
bedsteads, couches, easy-chairs, electric lights, etc.,
with state-rooms finished in Cuban mahogany.

  No freight is carried. Every precaution and every
appliance known to marine architecture of the very
latest type for the safety and the convenience of the
passenger.

  The cuisine is equal in every respect to that of the
finest hotels, while the appetizing air gives zest to the
enjoyment of the meals peculiar to this ozone-ladened
atmosphere.

  The price of the round-trip ticket from Buffalo to
Duluth and return is $29, less than 1 ’j cents per mile.
The price of berths, state-rooms, and suites of rooms
varies, according to the location, capacity, and elegance,
from $9 round trip. Meals are served a la carte, so that
their cost c«n be regulated by the passenger. The menu
prices are moderate, and, liberal portions being served,
two or more persons traveling together can materially
reduce the cost of each.

  Passengers wishing to make longer stops at Cleveland.
Detroit, Mackinac Island, Sault Ste. Marie, or Duluth
than is made by the steamship can obtain stop-over
checks good for the entire season.

  Connections are made at Duluth with the Great
Northern Railroad. Northern Pacific Railroad and
diverging roads, for all points farther west to Yellow-
stone Park, Creat Falls, Helena, Butte, Pacific Coast
cities and Pacific Steamship lines.

  Further particulars will be furnished by addressing
              1 M. BORTLE, Gen. Pas. Agent,

Northern S. S. Co., Buffalo, N. Y.

Or any railroad ticket agent.

W. C. Farrington, Vice-President.

Please mention McClure’s when you write to advertisers.

80
Skin Diseases,
Pimples,

Eczema,

Tetter,Acne

rtr

Arc permanently cured

by

Sulphume

Price $ i, express prepaid

SULPKUME

 form, -a new chemical discov-
 ery. Sulphur heretofore was
 considered insoluble. Sul-
 phume when taken internally,
 and applied as a lotion, will
 cure any skin disease man-
 kind is heir to.

SULPHUR BATHScnn

 be taken at home, having
 all the advantages (and
 more) of the most famous Sul-
 phur Springs. One bottle of
 Sulphume makes 12 strong
 sulphur baths.

Impure Blood,

      WeakKidneys
      Rheumatism,
      Gout,

       Vesical and
       Renal Stones

SULPHUME

in a glass of water makes a delightful and healthful
drink of Sulphur water Nature’s Great
Btood Purifier.

are quickly relieved and
absolutely cured by

SULPHUME-SPECIAL

Price $2.00, express prepaid
SULPHUME SOAP is the

  only soap in the world made with
  liquefied sulphur That is why 11
  istheonlygenuineSulphur -Soap

  It has no equal for the toilet and
  the bath. Price per box, (3 cakes)
  75 cts., express prepaid. One cake
  for trial, mailed on receipt of .’sets

ALL Intelligent people know what valuable remedial properties sulphur possesses, but FE'V realize what wonderful
cures are effected by liquid sulphur, Sulphume. Gargling once will cure an ordinary sore throat.

OUR SULPHUME BOOK is a treatise on sulphur, and tells all about Sulphume, SENT FREE.

Shall we send you this book?

Your druggist can procure Sulphume preparations from his jobber, without extra charge to you

SULPHUME COMPANY, 111 Marine Building, CHICAGO.	I.yman, Sons & Co., Montreal Canadian Depot

If we could teach the

 rs SAP0LI0

it would quickly civilize them
 1A perfect type of the highest order,
 of excellence in manufacture." ,

iWanerSaKer&Go:s

Breakfast

Cocoa

          Absolutely Pure.
          Delicious.
          Nutritious.

COSTS LESS THAN ONE CENT fl CUP

          Be sure that you get the
          genuine article, made at

DORCHESTER, MASS.,

By WALTER BAKER & CO., Ltd.

                   Established 1780.

IVOKY
-SOAP

Have you never taken
a bath with Ivbrysoap I
You have m Used a
luxury. The smooth,
creamy lather i*
soothing and re*
freshing.

THIi,

It lust
suits me.”

Clinton

« Safety
Ik Pin_^

-	has tiie largest sale of

e	1	any safety P'n niade,

‘r'*f I1 ;	because of its many

|K>	points of absohit, su-

fcl ,	priority, which arc

I EC	as follows:

                        1st—They have .< per-
         lEfl	feet guard Uiat prevents

 ** .	cloth catchinK in the coil.

■A x.	2d—They are made of

,	tempered brass and do

                       3d- I hey are super-
 ^ **	nickeled and never turn

j|	brass*.

    4tli They can be hooked and unhooked
    from either side; a great convenience.

        BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

 Mjde in Nickel Plate. Black. Rolled Gold,
 and Sterling Silver,
 ip on receipt of stamp for postage, samples of
 mir Clinton Safety Pin, our new *• Sovran ”
 pretty colored animal book for the children.

Oakville Company,

WATERBURY, CONN.

 The Royal is the highest grade baking pow-
 der known. Actual tests show it goes
 oue-tliird further than any other brand.

POWDER

 Aosolutely Pure

  ROVAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.

The McClure Press, 141-15$ E. 25th St., New York City, U. S. A.