FALL

A. N. C.

TRADE

MARK

REG.

FICTION and FACT
OF THE RING

ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

A novel of merry mayhem

by LARRY HOLDEN

The Life and Battles of

rofty ZAie

THE LADY LIKES
BLOOD

 A rousing red-knuckle novelet

by BILL ERIN
chassis, transformer, loop antenna, EVERYTHING you
need to build this modern, powerful Radio Receiver! In
addition I send you parts to build other real Radio cir-
cuits, some of which are

•	pictured below. You use

*	■'wSL.	• matcr'al to Ket practical

             iPjfc :•.» W' Radio experience and
       |T ~'lM mmb	make EXTRA money

S 9| jn||	neUthlx>r>' K:»<li<>s

*■ 3k	§M '» spare time.

   / SEND YOU BIG KITS OF PARTS

You Build and Experiment

 : ;WW.

      AND MANY OTHER CIRCUITS

 icrnwt ncouuiirtD wn*
 ; irctiynt stiwsw

iff

 A

1. E. SMITH. President
National Radio Institute

I TRAINED~THESE MEN

I“AM NOW
i (JETT I NO
. I $00 a week
■land o vcr-
j time ;is Ra-
jdio Sc-rvice-
I m a n for
Adams
Appliance* o."—W. A.
ANGEL. lJlytliesvillc,
Arkansas.

1 *' K N E W
NOTHING
A It O i: T
R A I) I O
whfii 1 eu-
1 rolled. Now
j a in doing
I spare time
have more
paid for my
Course and about $200
worth of equipment."

RAYMOND IIOLT-
CAMIV Vandalia. Ill,

  Want a good-pay job in the
fast -growing RADIO TELEVI-
SlOX Industry'' Want a money-
making Radio-Television shop of
your own? i've trained hundreds
of men to be Radio Technicians
. . . men with no previous experi-
ence. My tested and proved train-
at-homc method makes learning
easy. Learn Radio-Television
principles from illustrated lessons.
CJet practical experience with
MANY KITS OF I-AUTS I send.
All equipment yours to keep.

Make EXTRA MONEY In Spare Time
The day you enroll, I start
sending SPECIAL BOOK-
LETS that show you how to
make EXTRA MONEY fix-
ing neighbors' Radios in
spare time. I'rom here it’s
a short step to your own

shop, or a good-pay Radio-Tele-
vision servicing job. Or get into
Police. Aviation, .Marine liadio,
Broadcast inn. etc. Think of op-
portunities in the booming Tele-
vision Industry.

  See What N. R. I. Can Do For You
Act now! Mail coupon for lesson
and fil-page book. "MOW TO
RE A Sl'CCESS IN RADIO AND
TI: LEV IS rON—ELECTRON I <S.”
Tells how (iiiickly. easily you
can get started. Send coupon in
envelope or paste on penny postal.
J. E. SMITH, President, Dept.

          ...... 0FO, National

Radio Institute,
Pioneer Home
Stud y R a d i o
School, Wash-
ington 9. 1). C.

VETERANS

 You can get
 this training
 without cost
 under G. I. Bill

MY COURSE
INCLUDES

TELEVISION

Good for Both - FREE

 , _ Be * vyjt

 ; A Success ^

 , inRMK0 FWmR. J. E. SMITH. President. Dept. 9FG
 ■lA lUt*tSU« NATIONAL RADIO INSTITUTE. Washmf-ton 9. D. C
 - i tUH*'*’*1

Mail me FREE Sample Lesson and 84-page book.

          •	No salesman will call. Please write plainly.)

 Name

 Address

 City

Zone State.
□ Check if Veteran

 □ Check if Veteran
A BOOKLENGTH PRIZE-RING NOVEL

ONE FIST WAS IRISH!.............Larry Holden 4

        The fighting blood of a thousand Irish warriors coursed through the rugged frame
        of tough Barney Nolan; sprung him to the fistic heights, and then flung him down
        onto the canvas . . . into oblivion, as a ring battler whose fiery temper outweighed
        the power of his gnarled fists.

TWO FAST-MOVING NOVELETS Of THE RING

AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT..........Tom O'Neil 53

       Pugs' knuckles was the diet of Center City. From babes in diapers to bearded
       giants, rough and tumble was the order of the day. But the greatest contest of all
       was staged by two non-combatants: big roarin' Mike McBride and clever little
       Rlnky Sneed, managers de luxe.

THE LADY LIKES BLOOD..............Bill Erin 67

       The brown-haired honey with the big blue eyes was the best matchmaker in the
       business. Didn't she send shy Jimmy McNear against rugged Solly Mason in the battle
       of the century.

TWO STAND-OUT FIGHT FEATURES

POOR JAKE!.................Harold Heifer 66

        Read it and weep for poor Jake Kilrain who had to battle more than just one oppo>
        nent in his memorable go against Jem Smith in 1887.

TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY.........Robt. R. Richards 85

        He never caught the fancy of the fight mob nor the wild acclaim of Press Row. A
        thorough workman, a clean-liver, a precisionist with an expert knowledge of the
        game, seldom does. Tony Zale’s road to the middleweight throne was a slow, bruis-
        ing climb topped by his explosive bouts with Rocky Graziano.

FIVE HARD-HITTING SHORT STORIES

"LIKE A STICK"..............                                    . . Jack L. Kurtzer 2  
He was a whirlwind inside the ropes, but a dud when it came to accepting applause.     
LEATHER LARCENY ...........                                       . . Larry Sternig 37 
   Can you make a champ out of yellow cheese? Manager Tim Dolan did.                   
                                                                   Francis K. Allan 45 
Something called Pride leads all kayo artists. Joe Corey can tell you.                 
                                                                                    79 
Walsh did his best fightin' in dark alleyways---with a bullet in his groin.            
ONCE THEY KISS THE MAT...... . .                                   • • Nathan Broch 83 
Clem was a pug with a big heart. For $130 he'd die happy.                              
FIGHT STORIES: Published quarterly by FIGHT STORIES. INC., 670 Fifth Ave., New York 19, N. Y. The entire
contents of this magazine are copyrighted 1949 by Fight Stories, Inc. All rights reserved Reentered as second-class
matter Aoril 14 1943 at the oost office at New York, N. Y., under Act of March 3, 1879. Subscription rate for
U S. A. is $ 80 yearly Fo5 Advertising rates address: ADVERTISING DIRECTOR, FICTION HOUSE, Inc., 670
Fifth Ave., New York 19, N. Y.	Printed in U. S. A.
“LIKE A STICK”

        By Jack L. Kurtzer

XXT E were sitting around the television set. It
was Friday evening, and Friday is fight
night, and there we were around the set, watching
a couple of tankers in a prelim from St. Nicks.
The fight was slow, and what little action there
was wasn’t enough to keep us interested.

  “God, what stiffs.” It was Sam who spoke, and
we grunted our agreement.

  “You’d think they was in one of those dance-a-
thons, you know, where to win all you gotta do
is you should just stay on your feet and keep
moving. They look punchy, but they can’t be
punchy.” Here he looked around, having his little
joke. “No, they can’t be punchy unless the ref
has been hitting ’em.”

  “And look at the size of these stiffs, too. I know
a kid half their size that could’a beat ’em both in
the same ring. Remember the kid, Bernie?”
Bernie said, “Yeah, a sweet kid.”

  “Remember his name?”

  Bernie thought a moment. “O’Brien?”

  “No, but close,” said Sam, enjoying himself In
the role of quizmaster.

  “He was from Boston and he was Irish,” said
Bernie.

  “Yep, he was, he sure was, Bernie,” he again
paused, prolonging his triumph. “Kelly, that was
it, Bernie, Kelly. What a kid, a sweetheart.”

  He lit a cigarette. “Kelly, yeah that’s it.”
Memory hung in his voice like the smoke in the
room. “A skinny kid, nothing to him. Just like
this he's built.” He held up his forefinger. “A
stick, that kid. You never saw a stick like him.
He climbs into the ropes, this finger of a kid, and
he looks as though he’s gonna be sick, right in the
ring there. He’s like a sheet. Like a ghost he
looks, eh Bernie?”

  “Yeah,” Bernie said.

  “Well, the kid walks around, calm-like. That
didn’t jibe with his looks. You’d think to look
at him he was scared plenty. But he ain’t. He
just walks around calm-like. Dumb, I figger. Too
dumb to be scared.”

  “He’s fighting some Eye-talian, this Kelly kid,
and the kid looks at the Eye-talian who’s takin’
his robe off, and he is deadpan- The Eye-talian is
built like he’s been eatin’ rooks, he’s bulging with

muscles, and I figger, too bad for the kid. He’s
even too dumb to be afraid, the kid.”

  “Then he takes off his robe, and he’s even
skinnier than before, a regular stick, the kid. Too
bad, I feel sorry for him.”

  “They go to the center of the ring, the ref gives
them the instructions, they go back to their cor-
ners, and all this time the kid don’t change his
expression. Deadpan, that’s him. The bell rings
and be comes strolling out of his corner, walks
to the center of the ring, and, what’s he do, the
kid . . . he pulls a John L. Sullivan. Yeah, he
stands there with his body stiff, his left straight
out and his right cockcd in front of hiinl”

  “Well, the Eye-talian is stumped. He’s never
been up against this before, but he does the only
thing he could do. He comes within range and
begins to spar. Bing! It’s all over. Yeah, the
kid’s left ... it couldna’ moved three, four inches,
like lightning it went. And the Eye-talian he’s
down. Out. Stiff. The crowd goes nuts, but the
kid doesn’t bat an eye. Just puts on his robe and
climbs through the ropes. We still couldn’t be-
lieve it, could we Bernie?”

  “Nope,” said Bernie.

“It all happened so fast, and the kid, was so
skinny, so dumb lookin’, his style so funny. He
was a natural that Kelly. Would’a been great.”
“Would’a been? Whatta ya mean, would’a
been?” Joe asked. “What happened?”

  Sam was staring off into space, a dreamy look:
in his eyes. “Yeah, he would’a been great, that
Kelly,” he said, “But that damn crowd. They
knew how skinny the kid was, but they was nuts,
over-excited, ya know, and what do they do, these
nuts, but yell, and crowd, and push to get near
the kid. They just closed in on him’ and beat him
on the back, and pumped his arm, and let him
know how great they think he is. But he’s still
calm, still deadpan. Then suddenly he ain’t dead-
pan any more, his face is all screwed up, and lie
looks even worse than before. The poor kid.”
“For Godsake, what happened, already?” yelled
Joe, impatiently.

  “What happened? Why with all the hand shak-
ing and pushing, some jerk broke the kid’s arm!
I told ya he was skinny. Like a stick he was. Just
like this, he’s built.” He held up his forefinger.

2
"I WAS ASHAMED
OF MY FACE

until Viderm helped moke my skin deorer in one short week"

(FROM A LETTER BY E. i. JORDAN, DETROIT, MICH.I

H your face is brokeiwuf, if bad skin It making you miserable,
here is bow to stop worrying about pimples, blackheads and
other externally-caused skin troubles.

JUST FOLLOW SKIN DOCTOR’S SIMPLE DIRECTIONS

It doesn’t pay to put up with a brokeo*out fact. Your very
success in business, love and social life may depend upon
your looks. Handsomentst and a good appearance usually
atart with the condition of yout skin. Nobody likes to look
et a face that is blemished by blackheads or pimples.
WOMEN ARE ATTRACTED TO MEN WHO HAVE
SMOOTH. CLEAR, HEALTHY-LOOKING SKIN. Busi-
ness executives don’t choose men whose complexions are
against them. Don't take chances with your success in life
when this inexpensive Viderm formula may help you.

Good-looking Skin Is Not for Woman Only

You—yes, you—can have the same handsome complexion,
free from externally caused skin troubles, simply by giving
your face the special care that screen stars give theirs.
There’s almost nothing to it—it is just about as easy as
washing your face. The whole seeret consists of washing
your lace in a way that thor•
cughly purges the pores of every
last epeck of dirt and grime—
something that ordinary cleans*

Ing seldom does. In fact, exam-
ination after examination shows
that, usually, it is not a case of
"bad skin" so much as a case of
faulty cleansing. What you
•should use is a highly concen-
trated soap like Viderm Skin

Cleanser. This penetrater the pore# and acts 89 an anti*
peptic. Specks of Irritating dirt and grime are quickly
(washed out. They dissolve and disappear, leaving your skin

entirely free of the dirt particles that usually bring out pim-
ples, blackheads and other extemally-caused skin troublea.

Squeering pimples or blackheads to get rid of them is •
nasty, messy business—but that isn’t the worst of it. Doing
so may also be injurious and leave your face with unsightly,
embarrassing blemishes. There is. now. • much easier, safer,
cleaner way to help you rid your face of ugly, offensive,
externally-caused skin troubles. You merely follow % docto^a
simple directions.

Don’t murder your skin! Here’s all you have to do to get it
smoother and clearer and to keep it that way. Use Viderm
Skin Cleanser when you wash your face. Rub the rich lather
of this highly-concentrated medicated soap on your face
for just a few seconds and then rinse it of^ Then apply a
little Viderm Medicated Skin Cream and that’s all there is
to it. Viderm Medicated Skin Cream quickly disappears.

leaving your skin nice and
smooth. This simple treatment,
used after shaving, helps heal
tiny nicks and cuts, relieves
razor-burn and smarting, besides
conditioning your skin.

DON'T DO THISI

Don't mwrrf*f your t*ln by squcttlng
Jr. Skin It 4«llcot«. Wh*n you bf*ok
II, you ltov» yourt«lf open to mil-
#rl«i. tf» for toiitr, tor ioUr, to l«t
th« Doubt* Vidtrm Tr»otm«nt h*tp
you «n[oy O hondiome, <l«or«r,
bl#ml|Mrt* tomplexion.

Give Your Face This Treat
for 7 Days

Stop worrying and being em-
barrassed over what may happen
to your skin. Just send for your Viderm Double Treatment
this minute, and be confident of a smoother and clearer
complexion. Follow the simple directions, written by a
doctor, that you will get with your Viderm Double Treat-
ment. Then look in your mirror and listen to your friends
admire your smoother, clearer skin—the kind that worn-
en go for.

Just mail your name and address to The New York Skin
Laboratory. 206 Division Street, Dept.U, New York City 2,
N. Y. By return mail you will receive both of the Viderm
formulas, complete with full directions, and mailed in •
plain wrapper. On delivery, pay two dollars plus postage.
If you wish, you can save the postage fee by mailing the
two dollars with your letter. Then, if you aren’t thrilled
with results, your money will be cheerfully refunded.
Remember that both of the formulas you use have been
fully tested and proven, and are reliable for you. II they
don't help you, your treatments cost you nothing. After
you have received your Viderm, if you have any questiona
to ask concerning abused skin, just send them in.

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements

3
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

By Larry Holden

The fighting blood of a thousand Irish warriors coursed through the spirited
frame of rugged Barney Nolan; sprung him to the fistic heights; then (lung
him back onto the canvas . . . into oblivion ... as a ring battler whose
fiery temper outweighed the power of his gnarled fists.

Barney u>as a madman. The referee
had to tvre8tle him back to his
corner.

SAMMY SLOAN grumbled, “It’s
about time you decided to fight
again, Barney.” He laid his foun-
tain pen across the top of the papers and
pushed them across the desk.

  Goldie Goldstein stood at the window,
looking down into the dark, steep Tacoma
street. “You should have fought right
away after that Canuck died. It wasn’t
your fault. His brains was floating before
he climbed into the ring with you.”
Barney Nolan said, “Shut up about the
Canuck.” He bent over the desk and his
pen scratched on the paper.

  He did not want to be reminded of
that fight with the Canuck, Dupre. Maybe
he hadn’t killed him. The doctor said
one punch would never have done it. A
fighter can take only so many punches in
his career, and when he’s soaked up his

quota, he’s finished. Dupre had gone be-
yond his quota. Goldie was right. Dupre’s
brains had been floating before he stepped
into the ring that night.

   Barney grimaced and kept his head down,
as if reading the agreement to fight Sailor
Molloy. It wasn’t the actual death that
bothered him, though Heaven knows that
was bad enough. It was that Dupre had
looked so much like Vince—tall, black-
haired, lean-faced—except that Dupre had
two eyes and Vince had only one and a
black patch where the other had been. He
had looked just like Vince as he came out of
his corner, grinning a little crookedly as
if tickled by some derisive secret. What
tormented Barney was the gust of rage
that shook him when Dupre’s long, ex-

with excitement, “Fifty-three seconds!
What a battle!” Three hours later Dupre
was dead.

Sammy and Goldie exchanged a quick,

perimental left speared his cheek. His tem-
per had exploded and he had hurtled into
the Canuck, ripping with both hands.

  He remembered nothing about the brief
fight except that when the red mist had
lifted Dupre lay twitching on the canvas
and some hysterical woman at ringside was
shrieking, “Ohgodohgodohgod,” over and
over again, and Barney’s second was
pounding him on the shoulder and yelling

  ✓

significant glance, and Sammy said quietly,
“I suppose you’re fighting because you
need something for that raspberry farm of
yours again. What is it this time?”
“Truck needs a new motor.”

  Sammy shook his head.

  “I don’t get it,” he complained, “I don’t
get it at all. You’re maybe the best light-
heavy in the whole state of Washington,
but you only fight when you need some-

5
6

FIGHT STORIES

thing for the raspberries. The last time
it was a roof for the barn, three months
before that it was a mower. Why don’t
ya get smart, Barney? Let your brother
manage the ranch. Vince knows as much
about it as you do. You could make
enough in the ring in two years to buy all
the raspberries in the world.”

  Barney said shortly, “The ranch needs
two of us.”

  But that wasn’t all there was to it, and
the three of them knew it. Left to him-
self at the ranch, Vince wouldn’t have
raised a sweat, much less raspberries.
Vince was the older of the Nolan boys,
but without Barney he was no good for
anything. Half the time he was no good
for anything, anyway, and doggedly Bar-
ney kept things going.

  That had started when they were kids.
Vince was ten, Barney was eight. Old
man Nolan was a tough Irishman, and
the two boys had to do their chores every
day, or else. The “or else” hung behind
the kitchen door and stung like blazes
when it snapped across your backside.
Vince had been as little fond of chores
then as he was now, and the minute
the two kids were out behind the barn.
Vince would light into Barney and beat
the bejayses out of him until the younger
boy, stubbornly fighting back the tears,
did the chores for both of them. That
was just fine for Vince, but there was
only one thing he forgot, and that was
Barney’s red-Irish temper. Barney fought
back until he was bloody, but Vince was
bigger and stronger, and it always ended
the same way with Barney lying flat on
his face with Vince astride his shoulders,
grinding his face into the ground.

       OW will ya chop that wood? Now

       will ya fetch up the water? Now
will ya pitch down the hay?”

  And Vince always gave him a final cuff
across the ear, even after Barney nod-
ded, grinding his teeth.

  The end of it came abruptly, with vio-
lence and blood that wasn’t Barney’s.
Vince was supposed to go down to the
river pasture and bring up the Nolan’s
three cows, but the minute they were
behind the barn he slapped Barney across

the back of the neck and grinned:

  “Get gawn, half-pint, and no backtalk.”

  For emphasis, he planted the broad of
his foot against the seam of Barney’s
pants and sent him sprawling to his hands
and knees across the stony ground. It was
the indignity of that contemptuous kick
that blew the lid off Barney’s temper. He
grabbed up a handful of stones and flung
them into Vince’s jeering face. For a mo-
ment there was an awful silence, then,
when the blood spurted, Vince let out a
shriek that could be heard the entire length
of the Puyallup Valley, clear to the base
of Mt. Rainier in the chilly distance.

  Vince clapped his hand to his face, ran
in howling circles, then lit out for the
farmhouse, yelling at the top of his lungs.
He had reason to yell. A sharp stone had
split his right eyeball as if it were a grape.
There was never even a prayer that the
sight of that eye could be saved.

  Old man Nolan wasn’t fooled for a
minute. He knew what had been going on
between them, but he had the idea it would
toughen Barney to fight his own battles,
but with Barney’s mother it was different.
Vince was her first born, her favorite, and
she never let Barney forget for as long as
an hour what he had done to his brother.
And neither did Vince. That was Vince’s
way. That was the cross he nailed Barney
to.

  Barney’s red hair and fierce blue eyes
gave the clue to the hot temper that burned
inside him, but from that day on he kept
the lid clamped so tightly on it that some-
times you could see him shake from the
force of it, but he never let go. One
glance at his hard, leathery face would
tell you that here wasn’t a man you could
take liberties with.

  And no one except Vince had seen the
safety blow off that temper until Barney’s
fight with the Canuck, Dupre. Even Bar-
ney could not explain that to himself. Ev-
erything had let go at once that night.

  Only Goldie Goldstein would have been
brash enough to mention that fight to Bar-
ney, but Goldie was notorious for step-
ping on people’s toes. And he was the
only one in Tacoma who didn’t know why
Barney took care of Vince the way he did.
He wouldn’t have understood it, anyway;
ONE FIST

his reaction would have been a disgusted,
“Aw, nuts!” That was the way Goldie was.

  He said cheerfully, “Tell you what,
Barney. I know an honest guy who’ll
manage you right. Let your crummy broth-
er take care of the raspberries. . . .”
Sammy cried, “Wait a minute! Wait a
minute!” and hurriedly flapped his hands
as Barney jumped to his feet. Only a dope
would have talked that way about Vince
in front of Barney. “Hold it, Barney,” he
pleaded. Then, as his quick ear caught the
scurry of footsteps on the stairs, he add-
ed warningly, “There’s somebody com-
ing.”

Barney stopped at the corner of the
desk, his face tight. The door flew open
and little Maxie Mahler darted into the
room. He looked at Barney and panted;
“The Henrouille’s are after Vince!”
Barney whirled. “Where?”

  Maxie gasped, “The gin mill near the
Blue Mouse Theatre. There’s four of
them.”

  He jumped back out of the way as Bar-
ney plunged through the doorway and
clattered down the steps. Sammy Sloan
looked bitterly at the empty doorway then
reached out and slowly tore up the papers
Barney had just signed. He swore monoto-
nously and wearily.

  “Another good fight up the rainpipe,”
he scowled. “Barney won’t be good for
nothing till he gets Vince in the clear. I’ve
seen it happen before.”

  He sighed and let the paper scraps flut-
ter into the wastebasket.

BARNEY” strode into the gin mill and
the barkeep gave him a frightened
glance. The customers were huddled down
at the end of the bar.

  Barney snapped, “Where’d they go?”
The barkeep shook his head and said
quickly, “I dunno, Barney. Vince lit out
through the back when they come in. I
didn’t hear no fight outside. Maybe he got
clear.”

  Barney turned and ran out. He ran the
full six blocks to where the Model A was
parked. He didn’t hesitate. Vince would
head for home. He always did when there
was trouble, and four Henrouilles on the
prod meant plenty of trouble. They were

WAS IRISH!	7

French Canucks, fiery and reckless, and
there were a million of them in Tacoma.
Barney wondered angrily which four of
them Vince had tangled with. Or why, as
far as that went. The Model A roared
east out of the city, along the ditch-like
Puyallup River. The moon was bright on
the snowy crest of Ranier in the high dis-
tance, but Barney saw grimly under the
dusty ribbon on unwinding road.

  He bounced into the yard behind the
house and cut the lights. There was a
snort in the fields behind the raspberries
and a wild, clattering crash of underbrush,
a bony white shape, madly galloping. Bar-
ney swore. One of these nights they’d have
to get together and hunt down that damn
horse. It was running wild and starving,
ripping down fences. Some damn fool in-
stead of shooting it had turpentined it, and
now it was worse than ever. It scared the
pants off the women.

  But the horse was forgotten in a mo-
ment as Barney ran into the dark farm-
house, calling, “Vince! Vince! It’s me,
Barney.” But the rooms were silent. He
bit his lip and lighted the lamp in the kit-
chen. Someday when they had enough mon-
ey ahead, they’d have electricity. He
glanced toward the corner beside the sink.
The guns were still there—the rifle, the
shotgun, the .44 hanging from the nail
with its belt and holster. That alone told
him Vince wasn’t in yet. Vince would
have grabbed for one of those right away.
He lit a cigarette and flipped the match
into the coal scuttle, then went out and
leaned against the side of the house in the
dark of the porch.

  He was there only about five minutes
when ’ft heard the muffled roar of the
truck and saw the headlights stabbing the
night. It swung in at the end of the fence,
bounced over the hump and slid to a stop
in a spray of flying gravel. Four men
spilled from both sides of the cab. Bar-
ney caught the glint of a gun barrel. He
flipped his cigarette over the rail and
pushed himself away from the side of the
house. He stood at the head of the steps,
his thumbs hooked in his belt.

  Someone yelled, “There he is!” and the
four of them surged across the yard.

  That was Leon Henrouille. So it was
FIGHT STORIES

8

that gang. With him would be Pierre, Art
and maybe Paul—the gang that worked
up in the lumber camp, the tough ones.

  Yelling, they ran to the foot of the steps
—and stopped. They stopped so suddenly
that the two behind tramped on the feet of
the two ahead. In the shadows, Barney had
looked like Vince. They didn’t want any
part of Barney. They stood scowling; as he
stepped to the edge of the porch and looked
down at them.

  “What's going on?” he asked evenly,
“What's that gun for?”

  Leon glowered. “We want to talk to
Vince.”

  “Go on home and take your gun with
you.”

  “Never mind about the gun. We wanna
talk to Vince.’'

  The door opened behind Barney, and
he heard Vince’s heavy breathing, as if
Vince had been running. Alone, Vince
would never had faced the Henrouilles, but
with Barney there he stepped boldly out
and said in that cocky voice of his,

  “Go ahead and talk to me.” He laughed.

 A growl rose from the four men
grouped at the foot of the steps. Leon
took a step forward and said;

  “Don’t you try to stop us, now, Barney.
We're taking Vince back with us. He’s
been fooling around my sister long
enough.”

  “Your sister!” Vince laughed again, “I
wouldn’t be seen dead with your sister.”

  Barney took one step down.“You heard
him,” he said harshly, “Now get out of
here.”

  Leon said stubbornly, “Everyday my
sister comes out here to pick ra ^berries
for you. She don’t get home till Mdnight.
She’s out with Vince. . . .”

  “Me and a dozen other guys,” Vince
jeered. “Don’t blame nothing on me.”

  Barney said, “Get in the house, Vince,”
without turning, without taking his eyes
from Leon’s angry face. “Now you guys
get out of here and get fast. Go ahead,
beat it!”

  Leon hunched his shoulders then with a
snarl, swung a wild, looping right at Bar-
ney’s head. Barney chopped his chin with
a short left and leaped down the steps as
Leon fell back into the arms of his broth-

ers. Pierre swore and stooped for the gun.
Barney kicked it into the darkness and
straightened Pierre up with a hard right
to the chin. He stepped in, chopping vi-
ciously with his fists as the other two
swung heavily, crowding him back against
the porch.

  Vince yelled, “Hold ’em, Barney, hold
’em a minute!” and the front door
slammed. Vince had gone in after a gun.

  Barney yelled, “No, Vince!” and ducked
as Paul Henrouille sprang at him. He
brought up his fist and felt the jaw go
loose like a bag of marbles under his
knuckles. Leon grabbed him around the
waist, but Barney clubbed himself loose
with raking blows across the side of Leon’s
head. He flung Leon into Pierre and leaped
at Art Henrouille. He caught him full in
the mouth with a straight left, and buried
his right in his stomach as the Canuck
went back on his heels. Pierre grabbed at
his legs. He kicked himself free and sprang
back up the steps. He flipped the blood
from his eyes with the back of his hand
and hooked twice into Leon’s dark, lung-
ing face. Paul had run around to the side
and was climbing the rail of the porch
with the crank of the truck clubbed in
his right hand.

  Barney scooped up the doormat, flung
it into his face and drove a hooking left
to the side of his face. Paul moaned and
dropped to the ground. Barney whirled as
Pierre dived at him, arms outstretched.
He knocked him down, slapping him on
the back of the neck with the flat of his
hand. He took him by the belt and collar
and flung him off the porch. He rolled in
the gravel walk and lay still.

  Art was sitting on the grass with both
hands to his ruined mouth; Leon was
crawling toward the truck on his hands
and knees and off in the shadows to the
side of the porch, Paul Henrouille was
whimpering softly.

  The door opened and Vince stood there
with the shotgun cradled in his arms.

  “Beat it!” he said arrogantly. “Come up
here with me, Barney.”

  Barney looked at him and reached in
his pocket for his handkerchief. He
swabbed the cut over his eye, wiped the
blood from his nose and mouth. He took
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

9

three stiff steps off the porch, stooped for
the Henrouille’s gun and flung it across
the road into the underbrush.

  As he mounted the steps again he said
bitterly to Vince, “Don’t you know better
than to fool around with our own pickers?
Go inside and put that gun away."

  A half hour later they heard the Hen-
rouille’s truck cough to life and clatter
back down the road toward Tacoma.

II

BARNEY was at the side of the barn
nailing together some raspberry crates
the next morning when Sammy Sloan’s
Packard swept into the yard. Vince was
down at the berry shed making sure the
pickers hadn’t lined their boxes with twigs
or leaves.

  Barney was proud of his berries. They
were the biggest in the Puyallup Valley,
and he got top rates for them at the can-
nery. Packers, they were, packed in little
boxes for the luxury and hotel trade. The
smaller berries were called canners and
went into jams or jellies.

  Sammy climbed out of the car as Bar-
ney straightened up and wheezed across
the yard, shooing off a belligerent gander.

  “I don’t know why I’m doing this for
you, Barney,” he complained, “Don’t ask.
You never do nothing for me but come
down to the Arena whenever you need a
little dough to fix the farm.” He waved his
hand at the blond-faced Swede who had
followed him from the car, “This is Lars
YVidlund. He’ll take care of the farm
while you’re gone.”

  Barney’s eyes narrowed and he scratched
the side of his jaw with the claw of the
hammer. “While I’m gone?” he said,
“Gone where?”

  “Away,” said Sammy succintly, “Away,
on account of you’re in trouble. Just what
the hell,” he demanded, “did you hit them
Henrouilles with last night? Two of
them’s in the hospital and the other two
don’t care if they never get out of bed.
There’s a warrant out for you.”

  Barney said, “So what? They came here
looking for trouble and they got it.”
Sammy wagged his head. “There’s no
so what about it, Barney, Please believe

me. I’m your friend. Look, I’m here—
I’m talking to you like a father. You
have to go away for awhile, Barney. Till
it blows over.”

  “Thanks for coming out, Sammy,
but. . .

  “Now it’s ‘buts* I get,” Sammy sighed.
“Look. In Tacoma there are more Hen-
rouilles than Smiths. That’s votes, that’s
influence. They want to put you in jail.
Is it reasonable that one man can’t beat
four men without using an ax? Ask me.”

  Barney picked up his half-finished crate
and stood it on the saw-horse. He took
two nails from his pocket. “They’re bluff-
ing,” he said, “They’d be laughed out of
Tacoma.”

  “If they took it to court,” Sammy
agreed, “but maybe they won’t take it to
court. You see? Maybe they just put you
in jail while they get Vince. They don’t
want you, Barney. They want Vince.
They’re pretty sore with Vince right now.
Sore enough to kill him, maybe. Don’t
be mad with me, Barney, but Vince is not
a nice boy. He was not nice to that
pretty little Henrouille girl. If they get
Vince there will be trouble for everybody.
Vince will be hurt. When you come out
of jail, you will say, ‘Can I let them
Henrouilles get away with that?’ You
have a bad temper, Barney. You would
be in worse trouble. And the Henrouilles
would be in trouble. I like the Henrouilles.
I like little Jeanne Henrouille. It would
be much better all around if you took
Vince and went away for awhile. Lars
here is a good man. He will grow good
raspberries for you while you are gone.
Won’t you Lars?”

  Lars said stolidly,“I am goot farmer,
you bet.”

  Barney clutched the hammer until his
knuckles showed yellow-white across the
back of his hand. Sammy saw the red
temper raging behind his eyes, but Barney
fought it down as he always did when
there was something concerning Vince. He
threw down the hammer and nodded.

  “All right.” he said between clenched
teeth. He took a breath and held it. The
flaming words died sputtering in his throat.
Only his glance toward the berry shed,
where Vince was joking with the pickers,
10

FIGHT STORIES

showed that the ancient guilt still burned
inside like radium.

  Sammy threw his plump arm across
Barney’s big shoulders and urged him to-
ward the house, saying eagerly, “You go
to Aberdeen where a friend of mine has
a shingle mill. You take your truck. People
will think you go to Yakima for the
apple picking, or maybe even to Seattle for
the boats. My friend will give you jobs.
The mill is working twenty-four hours a
day. They need men. You have an en-
gineer’s license. You will be paid well.
That part you leave to Sammy. I call
him on the telephone. ,You will not lose a
penny. You will see. No one will think
you go to Aberdeen. You leave every-
thing to Sammy, Barney.”

  Barney roared, “Vince!” and ran into
the house, unbutoning his shirt as he ran.
There was no mistaking the urgency in
his voice, and Vince came bounding across
the yard. At Sammy’s order, Widlund
plodded stolidly toward the berry shed,
where the pickers were waiting to have
their crates tallied.

  Fifteen minutes later, Sammy stood in
the middle of the road and waved as the
truck swirled away in rolling clouds of
dust. He took out his handkerchief and
mopped his face, muttering a klulas that
belied the Sloan part of his name. Sammy
could swear in eloquent Jewish.

THE mountain rose at the head of the
Aberdeen street like a tree-clad wall.
The fresh odor of cut lumber was like per-
fume in the air. To the north the cone-
shaped furnace, with the spark-trap at
its top, burned the everlasting sawdust
with fragrant smoke. A freighter from
Newark, New Jersey, was loading lumber
at the dock at the opposite end of the
street from the mountain.

  Three ordinary seamen, all so young
that they had not yet tasted the first edge
of their first razor, scrambled out to the
street and hailed the truck, their thumbs
out-thrust in the ever-hopeful sign of
hitch-hikers.

  Barney said mildly, “We’re coming,
kids, not going.” Their faces fell, and he
said shrewdly, “What’d you do, Jump
ship?”

  They grinned and looked embarrassed
and the tallest said, “We want to see the
country before we go back to Newark.”
He said it a little defiantly, as if expecting
the usual adult rebuke. “We heard there
were jobs in the lumber camps around
Tacoma.”

  Barney grinned. They stood as much
chance of getting a job in a lumber camp
as they did of growing a beard overnight.
Less.

  “Tell you what,” he said, “They need
pickers up in the Puyallup Valley. You
go to the Nolan ranch and tell Lars
Widlund I said to put you on. I’m Barney
Nolan. You’ll see a lot of country up
there. Every morning you’ll look out the
window of the bunkhouse and there’ll be
Mt. Rainier. That’ll be something to tell
your folks when you get home. Get a
hitch to Tacoma. Anybody’ll direct you
from there.”

  The kids grinned their thanks. Vince
didn’t say anything until Barney started
the truck again.

“That was a dumb trick,” he growled.
“Take it easy, Vince. We were on the
road and broke ourselves when we were
their age, remember? And we sure ap-
preciated a hand out.”

  “Sure, sure, but now everybody in Ta-
coma will know the Nolans went to Aber-
deen. That was using your head all right!”
Barney’s mouth tightened. That was
Vince all over—but hewas right. Sooner
or later the kids would blab that they’d
seen Barney Nolan in Aberdeen, and even
in Aberdeen they had law and order—law
and order that would snatch Vince back
to Tacoma and the vengeful Henrouilles
“Where you going now?” demanded
Vince sullenly as Barney passed the turn-
off to the shingle mill.

  Barney’s temper rose. “To get you out
of your mess, that’s where!” he snapped.

  Vince laughed bitterly. “Out of my
mess!” he said. “Maybe I’m the one
who beat up the Henrouilles. Maybe I’m
the one who put them in the hospital. I!m
the one they’re after, is that it? If you’d
left it to me, they’d of run like ants when
I came out with the shotgun. But not
you. Hell no! You’re not happy unless
you’ve got your fist in somebody’s puss.
OISE FIST WAS IRISH!

11

That’s you! You had to beat them up
first. I don’t know why I stick with you,
anyway,” a thin edge of a whine crept
into his voice and his fingers lightly
touched the black patch over the empty
socket of his right eye, “If it hadn’t been
for this I could of got a good job in the
city and the hell with the ranch. They
take one look at me and. . . .”

  Barney said desperately, “All right,
.Vince.”

  “Sure. All right for you. You got two
eyes. But look at me. Who wants a
guy with a black patch in the middle of
his face? I can’t even get a job in a gas
station.”

  Barney said again, “All right, Vince!”
Vince knew when to shut up. He had
made his point and he was satisfied. He
had reminded Barney whose fault it was;
he could see Barney writhing under the
sense of guilt. He leaned back against the
seat. He was satisfied. He lit a cigarette.

  He stayed in the truck when Barney
stopped it at the end of the dock and
walked toward the freighter.

BUT when Barney was out of sight
over the end of the gangplank amid-
ships, he jumped lightly out of the truck
and walked back up the street. That lop-
sided grin of his dug secretively into his
cheek and his eyes danced. He was away
from that lousy raspberry ranch at last
and he was going to stay away. He was
tired of Barney trying to make a hard-
working citizen out of him. Barney wasn’t
smart—that was the trouble with Barney.
He could make a million in the ring, a
million—and the dumb thing about the
whole business was what Barney actually
wanted to do. Well—his grin spread—
he’d take care of that, too.

  He called Sammy Sloan from the drug
store.

  “Those Canucks dead yet, Sammy?” he
asked cheerfully. “This is Vince Nolan.”
Sammy’s voice went as cold as January
ice. “Tell Barney they ain’t as bad off
like they thought at first,” he said, “Why
don’t you come back and marry the girl,
you lousy schmoe, you?”

 Vince laughed. “You marry her,
Sammy. She’s okay. Take my word.”

  “Your word,” said Sammy heavily, “I
take like I take arsenic.” He hung up with
a jarring clatter.

  Whistling, Vince mounted a stool at the
counter beside a fat man with a red,
dyspeptic face and ordered a cup of coffee
and a jelly doughnut.

  “Where can I buy two pair of boxing
gloves around here, Joe,” he asked the
counterman.

  The fat man’s head jerked up and he
grabbed Vince’s arm before the counter-
man could answer. “Me,” he said eagerly,
“Me, I got boxing gloves. Good calks I
got too. You go to the lumber camp, no?”
Vince saw Barney coming into the
lunchroom and he shook his head violently
and waved him away. Barney looked
puzzled but went outside and lit a cigarette.
Vince turned to the fat man.

  “Just boxing gloves, uncle,” he said
easily, “If they’re any good, I’ll give you
ten bucks for the set.”

  The fat man hopped off his stool. “I
come right back,” he said. He went
through the side entrance.

  “Who’s he?” Vince asked the counter-
man.

  “Him? He's got a second-hand shop
next door. Sell you anything. You could
of had them gloves for a fin. He’s had
’em two years.”

  Vince winked. “What makes you think
he was going to get more than that, any-
way ?”

  When he rejoined Barney outside, he
had a thick paper-wrapped package under
his arm. He gave a quick, backward
glance at the door of the lunchroom and
hustled Barney down the street.

  “That was the police chief, that fat guy,”
he whispered, “And you almost walked in
on him. They’re looking for us, but he
was too dumb to realize he had me. They
think Leon Henrouille’s gonna poop out.
Did you get us berths on that freighter?”
Barney’s shoulders slumped. “Yeah,”
he said dully, “We’re shipping as ordinary
seamen to replace those kids that jumped
ship.” He clenched his fists, “I’m going
back to Tacoma, Vince. I’m not running
away. . .”

  Vince took his arm and dropped his
voice persuasively, “That's just what I
12

FIGHT STORIES

told Sammy Sloan. I called him on the
phone right away. Barney’ll be back to
face the rap, I said. You should have
heard him. The air was thick with mat-
zoths.”

  “I'm going back, Vince.”

  “Sure. Sure you are, Barney. But
not right now. Right now they’d
crucify you. Sammy said, tell Barney to
wait till after the election. The Henrouilles
are on the wrong side of the fence this
time. With the Henrouilles out, you’ll
get a fair shake in court. And anyway,
Leon aint dead yet. They’re gonna do
an operation on him. If he pulls through,
you’re in the clear, see? Sammy says he’ll
write to you general delivery in Newark.
Now let’s get aboard and stay there till
we sail.”

  Barney said hopefully, “Sammy said
that?”

  “Don’t worry, Barney. Sammy’ll keep
things under control. Just wait till you
hear from him, that’s all.” He patted
Barney’s shoulder and his grin ran lightly
up his right cheek.

  Barney got the 8-12 watch with the
third mate; Vince was with the second
mate on the 12-4, and the third ordinary
seaman, a kid of seventeen hired at dock-
side, was given the 4-8.

  The decks were piled high with stacked
and lashed lumber, but Vince got per-
mission from the Chief Mate to rig a
small ring on the poop deck. There was
hardly room to spar, but when the weather
became warmer and the seas smoother as
they sailed southward, Barney and Vince
put on the gloves everyday. Vince was
hard to spar with because of his dead eye,
for Barney had always to work to his
left, but in no time at all Barney found
himself with more sparring partners than
he knew what to do with. There was a
new one every day when the deck work
was done.

  Despite the situation in Tacoma with
the Henrouilles, Barney was at peace with
himself. He didn’t have to worry about
Vince. He had always looked after Vince,
and now there was nothing to worry about.
Nothing could happen until they got to
Newark.

  At first the third mate had been very

friendly, but his manner toward Barney
had cooled rapidly until at last they
scarcely exchanged a word through the
dark hours as Barney stood at the wheel,
staring fixedly at the yellow light of the
compass in the binnacle while the mate
paced the bridge from port to starboard,
watching for lights ahead. The mate spoke
only on the half hour when Barney had
to reach up and sound the bells. There
was a break at four bells and Barney was
given ten minutes off to go down to the
galley for a cup of coffee that tasted as
if it had been brewed from dried liver,
and in the beginning the mate had always
said in a friendly voice;

  “Time for the smorgesbord, Nolan. I’ll
take over.” The mate’s name was An-
dresson.

  But now he merely grunted, and shoul-
dered Barney away from the wheel after
he had struck the four bells. His hostility
was unmistakable, but Barney was feeling
too good to think much about it. He en-
joyed the long, silent hours on the bridge,
lifting his eyes occasionally to watch the
long, blue Pacific ground swell, or to watch
the play of dolphin at the bow or the
swift, cutting fin of a following shark
waiting for spilled garbage, or just to
stand there and look up at the velvet
bowl of jewelled sky and feel the life of
the freighter under his feet as the heart of
the engines beat against the soles of his
feet. In fact he did not even realize that
the mate’s attitude toward him was
charged with the electricity of hostility.

  The blowoff between them came the
night before they anchored on the Pacific
side of the Panama Canal. The old tub
was ploughing peaceably along through the
long swells, listing just a little to starboard
—not enough to count—and the air was
as smooth and caressing as a blonde’s arm
around your neck.

UNTIL darkness fell—the sun went
down like a fried egg in the skillet
of the sea—the mate paced the bridge with
angry, staccato steps. He was young, no
more than twenty-five, if that, and he had
a stern, Scandanavian sense of right and
wrong. He felt very strongly about every-
thing.
OISE FIST WAS IRISH!

13

  He stopped stiff-legged outside the egg-
yolk light of the binnacle and thrust his
square hands deep into his pockets and
said harshly;

  “See here, Nolan, I want to ask you
something. You’re a professional ain’t
you ?”

  His voice had a cutting edge and it
knifed through Barney’s reverie. Barney
looked up with a start.

  “What’s that?” he said, “I’m sorry, I
didn’t hear you, Swede.”

  In the beginning, in friendly comraderie,
he had called the mate Swede, and the
mate had called him shanty Irish.

  The mate barked, “You say ‘sir’ when
you talk to me!”

  Barney grinned. “The hell I do. This
isn’t the Navy.” He still thought the
mate was joking.

  The mate asked nastily, “Do you want
to be logged for insubordination? You
call me Mr. Andresson, not Swede.”
Barney blinked, but still grinned. “Yes,
sir!” he said with amused emphasis.
“Answer my question!”

  “I’m sorry, sirrrrr, but I didn’t hear
your question.”

  “Are you a professional? That’s what
I want to know.”

  “A professional what?”

  “Fighter, Nolan, fighter! You know
what I’m talking about.”

  Barney didn’t know what he was talking
about. He glanced at the compass and
turned the wheel slightly to hold the
course steady.

  “I fought some in the ring,” he said,
“But I’m not what you’d call a profes-
sional.”

  “I thought so,” the mate said with satis-
faction, “That’s just what I thought.
That’s the explanation.”

  Barney wras no longer amused. The
mate’s edgy voice had aroused his in-
flamable temper. “Explanation of what?”
he demanded. His hands tightened on the
spokes of the wheel. Temper. That was
what had always gotten him in trouble.
Temper. His fingers relaxed.

 “Pm sorry, Swede,” he said more
quietly. “What’s bothering you?”
Andresson’s square, hard face moved
into the feeble light of the binnacle. “Can

you lick me?” he demanded. “I been in the
ring, too. Or maybe you won’t take a
chance on somebody that ain’t a push-
over.”

 The Swede weighed a hundred and
ninety, Barney was one-seventy-two. He
shrugged good-naturedly as the flood tide
of his temper receded.

  “Probably not,” he said amiably, “You
got weight and reach, and that I fought
in a ring don’t mean nothing.”

  “Scared?”

  “No, I’m not scared!” his temper bub-
bled again, “What’s on your mind, any-
way?” A hot spot deep inside, deep where
he lived, began to glow. He felt the
heat of it rising behind his eyes. “Dam-
mit,” he said hotly, “stop hinting around
and get it off your chest!”

  The mate stood squarely before the bin-
nacle so Barney could see him. Andresson's
young face was as hard as saddle leather.

  “You and your brother,” he said harshly,
have been taking the crew over long
enough. You hear me? Long enough. I’ve
been watching you back there on the poop
deck every night. Sixteen ounce gloves.
Pillows! They might just as well expect
to knock you down with a feather duster.”
“So?”

  “You and your brother have been clean-
ing up. Ten bucks to get in the ring
with you they have to pay, fifty bucks
they’d get if they can knock you down.
Not out—just down. Sounds easy, but it’s
a laugh, ain’t it, Nolan? A big laugh.
That bunch of clowns couldn’t knock a
good professional down if they hit him
with capstan spokes. You and your
brother haven’t left a dime in the deck
crew or the whole damn black gang.”

  The chill that prickled down Barney’s
back told him that the mate was telling
the truth—that Vince had been to work
on the crew, that all those willing sparring
partners had just been suckers—suckers
at ten bucks a throw. You could trust
Vince to have an eye out for the easy
buck. Knock him down! Those free-
swinging comedians couldn’t have knocked
down a wooden Indian.

  But there was still that soft, rotting
spot in Barney—no matter what Vince
did, it was Barney’s fault. Vince wouldn’t
14	FIGHT

have been like that if he’d had two eyes
like everybody else, if he didn’t have that
damning black patch over his right eye
socket, if he could but have faced the
world squarely instead of having to turn
his port side to it continually. A thing
like that could gnaw at a man’s soul, as
it had gnawed at Vince’s, who had a
deformity through no fault of his own,
who had a deformity because of his
brother. His brother, his own brother—
Barney.

  Barney said dully, realizing that he was
merely defending Vince, “Nobody made
them box with me. They took their
chances. The odds should have told them
that there was damn little chance of their
winning. We didn’t pick their pockets.”

  The mate said sarcastically. “The hell
you say!” then grimly, “I talked to the
captain about it. He wanted to stop those
little boxing bouts on the poop deck, but
I talked him out of it. I talked him into
letting me put on the gloves with you
tomorrow night. Just a friendly exhibition,
Nolan. He thought it would be good for
morale for the crew to see you flat on
your back for a change. What do you
say, Nolan—or do you have to ask your
shyster brother first?”

  Barney said, “Don’t worry about me.
I’ll be there.”

  Andresson nodded and, without another
word, walked to the end of the bridge.
At seven bells Barney went aft to the
focsle to ready Vince for his watch. Three
seamen were playing rummy on one of
the lower bunks, but Barney noticed that
there wasnt any money up. They watched
him silently as he reached up and shook
Vince’s shoulder. Vince sat up imme-
diately. He hadn’t been sleeping. He had
been lying there pretending because the
crew was giving him the same silent
treatment they had given Barney. He
turned at the door, thumbed his nose at
the three penniless card players and fol-
lowed Barney out to the deck.

  “Crummy bunch,” he grumbled, “I’ll be
glad when we get to Newark.”

  “Me, too.” Barney said nothing about
the way Vince had taken over the crew
or about the scrap he was going to have
with the third mate the following night.

STORIES

  He left Vince in the galley with a cu^
of steaming coffee, and when he climbed
back to the bridge, the second mate was
already there in earnest conversation with
the third. As Barney took the wheel, the
second mate said abruptly;

  “It’s off. There isn’t going to be any
bout.”

  The third mate growled, “The hell it
is!”

  The second mate swung around. “What
do you want to do—lose your ticket?” he
demanded fiercely, “The Old Man’ll break
you if he finds you getting beat up by a
focsle bum.”

  “I won’t get beat up.”

  “That’s a chance you’re taking. This
monkey’s a professional pug, and the only
place you ever fought was the YMCA.
Look, bud,” he turned back to Barney,
“Be a good guy. Just don’t show up with
gloves on the poop deck tomorrow night.
He,” he jerked his thumb at the glowering
third mate, “didn’t say a word to the
captain about this. The Old Man’d never
let him go through with it. Don’t fight
him.”

  “You’d better be there, Nolan,” Andre-
sson said angrily over the Second’s shoul-
der, “Or I’ll turn your brother in to the
captain for gambling, and he’ll see that he
gets thirty days or more in clink when we
dock. That’s one thing the Old Man won’t
stand for. And you stay out of this,”
he said to the Second.

  The Second snapped, “Okay, okay!”
turned his back and stamped to the end
of the bridge.

Ill

THEY were too late to go through the
Panama Canal the next day and
they dropped anchor just outside on the
Pacific end. Barney and Vince went up
to the poop deck as usual after chow.
The crew lounged around the tiny, im-
provised ring and jeered. There was a
savage, gloating not in their voices as
Vince put on the gloves with Barney.

  “It won’t be long now, Nolan.”

  “Tonight you get your’s.”

  “See how long you’ll stand up when you
get a few smart gloves in your kisser.”
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

15

  Barney clinched with Vince and whis-
pered, “Do they know I’m scrapping with
the third mate tonight?”

  Vince grinned. “It’s all over the ship.
Look down there.”

  Down on the afterdeck, leaning comfort-
ably against the stacked lumber was the
Chief Mate, the Chief engineer and his
two assistants, and perched on top of the
lumber was Sparks, the young radio opera-
tor. The only officer not there was the
captain. By rights the Chief Mate
shouldn t have been there either, but he
was a little Irishman who dearly loved a
scrap and he was not missing this one,
even at the risk of a reprimand from the
Captain.

  Ten minutes later Andresson climbed
up to the pop deck with the second mate.
He nodded shortly at Barney and barked
at Vince, “Take off those gloves.” He
peeled off his shirt and gave it to the
second mate. He wore only a pair of
thick-soled sneakers and pants. He had
long, heavy arms and a deep, muscle-padded
chest.

  Barney eyed him as Andresson held
out his hands to the second mate, who
laced on the gloves-. Andresson had twenty
on him and maybe an inch or two in
reach, but he looked slow—though speed
wasn’t going to mean so much in that
little, pint-sized ring. Not much chance
for foot work there.

  The bosun, a chubby, stolid Dutchman
was timekeeper. There wasn’t room for a
referee in the ring.

  Vince had been shrewdly sizing up the
third mate and just before the bosun
struck the steel bar, that was to serve
as a bell, he whispered gleefully to Barney;

  “You got nothing to worry about, kid.
He’s muscle-bound. Look at the way he
moves his arms. It’s a pushover. Take
him fast. Our whole bankroll’s riding on
this one.”

  Barney’s mouth tightened. So that’s
how the news got all over the ship—Vince.
The second mate must have shot off his
mouth some more after Barney left the
bridge—but Vince had spread the word.
Unless the Captain was deaf, dumb and
blind, he must have heard it, too.

  The bosun struck the steel bar with a

chipping hammer and cried, “Go!” Bar-
ney moved easily from his corner. He had
to take only two steps to meet Andresson’s
lumbering rush. He parried a swinging
right and stabbed a light left into the
mate's earnest face. Andresson missed
with a short clubbing left, hammered a
right home to Barney’s ribs and used his
weight to bull him across the ring to
the ropes. Barney stayed inside and close
and pumped rights and lefts into that
heavy midriff. The mate cuffed him across
the top of the head, but Barney had his
face against his chest, and Andresson did
not know how to pry him loose.

  Barney brought up another short right
and the mate grunted. Barney pushed him
away and danced out into the middle of
the ring, keeping his flickering left in that
grim, Scandanavian face. Andresson
plodded after him. They traded long-range
swings. There was a snap and speed in
Barney’s that the mate would never get,
and he was beating Andresson to every
punch—and still the mate kept plodding
in and plodding in.

  Barney felt a stab of pity as he lanced
out that straight left again and rocked
the bulky mate just enough to keep him
off-balance. This wasn’t just a boxing
bout to Andresson. It was something much
more important. It was another skirmish
in the everlasting struggle between right
and wrong. Andresson, in his bleak, craggy
Scandanavian soul, firmly believed that he
personified Right and that the flame-
haired. cold-eyed Barney was the epitome
of Wrong. Right must triumph.

THAT was the way Andresson thought,
that was what kept him plodding
straight into that light barrage of long
rights and lefts. All he wanted to do was
get close enough to send in a smashing
right that would end the battle—but he
couldn’t get set. He just couldn’t seem
to get his feet in position so he could
get the full weight of righteous wrath
behind his heavy right arm. He blamed it
on lack of training; he blamed it on the
failing light; he blamed it on the uneven-
ness of the iron-plated deck—he blamed
it on everything but the flickering skill in
Barney’s gloves. He took a right to the
16	FIGHT STORIES

jaw and a left jab on his nose but kept
going forward.

  If Barney had put any real sting in
that left, his nose would have been smeared
from cheekbone to cheekbone, but Andre-
sson did not know this. He felt only con-
tempt for the lightness of the blow and
kept his wide right cocked. But when his
chance came, it was so unexpected that
he was caught flat-footed.

  Barney jabbed with his left, jabbed and
jabbed again, and circled to the right, and
as he went around his foot slipped on a
smear of crude oil. He floundered and
grabbed at Andresson for support. The
mate stood open-mouthed, then with a
grunt slammed in that waiting right. It
caught Barney high on the cheekbone. His
leg slid completely from under him and he
went down on the flat of his pants with an
almost visible thud.

  The crew screamed with delight and
even the phlegmatic Dutch bosun became
excited and began to count almost as fast
as he could sputter the numbers.

  “Vun, two, t’ree, faw, fife, zix zeben. .

  Vince was on his feet snarling “Take
it easy, take it easy! Give him time!”

  The crew booed.

 Up on the boat deck, the captain
frowned. How did they expect him to
ignore the fight when they howled like
that. But he gripped the rail and watched
tensely as Barney gathered his legs under
him and leaped to his feet as the bosun
sputtered, “. . . nine und. . .” The crew
settled back with a disappointed sigh as
Barney, his temper high, lashed into the
bulky mate and drove him back to the
ropes with all the sting he could put into
his pumping gloves. Andresson pawed at
him, but furiously he swept the clumsy
defense aside and drove a right and left
to that square, heavy jaw. Andresson’s
legs began to cave at the knees.

  With a start, the bosun realized he was
supposed to be keeping time and he beat
on the steel bar with his hammer, yelled
gutterally, “Hey! Hey! Dots the end of
the roundt. Hey! Stop idt!”

  As Barney sat down on the crate Vince
pushed under the ropes, Vince com-
plained, “What kind of round was that—
ten minutes long! Then just when you. . .”

  Barney said, “Shut up!”

  Vince shut up.

  The wait between rounds was almost
five minutes long. When the bosun ham-
mered his steel bar, Andresson got up
heavily and lumbered toward Barney, his
hands held a little higher, protecting his
head. He had been getting advice between
rounds. He looked cautious and slower
than ever. Barney stung him with three
lightning left jabs and moved in close.
Barney’s face was white and his mouth
drawn down at the ends. He was leaving
openings for the Swede—but nothing hap-
pened. He didn’t want to drop his hands
and have his head torn off. There was
power in that awkward right of Andre-
sson’s.

  The mate shot in a left that caught him
on the ribs. It jarred him. A pale smile
flickered for an instant across his lips. He
jabbed for Andresson’s face and the mate
shot in that left again. Barney gasped and
dropped his guard. The mate swung that
looping right.' Barney rolled with the punch,
taking the weight off it, but he went to his
knees, hoping desperately he was making it
look like an honest knockdown. Andresson
would not be satisfied with less.

  The poop deck was a pandemonium.
Every member of the crew was on his
feet and even the Chief Mate had jumped
to the stack of lumber to see better, grab-
bing the pipe from between his clenched
teeth before he bit through the stem.
Andresson smiled sternly as Barney rolled
to his side.

  The bosun yelled, . . nine und ten,
you’re oudt! You’re oudt!”

  Vince bent over Barney. “Okay, wise
guy, so you took a dive. So we’re broke.
Nuts to you!” He jumped up and walked
away without seeing if Barney needed any
help, without lifting him to his feet, with-
out even taking off his gloves. But Barney
had seen the hatred in his face.

  Up on the boat deck, the Captain’s
hands relaxed on the rail. He flicked the
perspiration from his upper lip. Well,
thank God that was over! It was all right
now. That third mate was all right. He
was a good boy. It would have been a
shame to break him—but a mate who’s
been licked by a deck hand isn’t a mate.
OISE FIST WAS IRISH!

17

A mate has to enforce discipline. If Nolan
had beaten him, that story would have
followed Andresson around the whole mer-
chant marine, from one job to another,
driving from bad berths to worse. The
captain shook his shoulders and strode
hurriedly for his cabin before anyone
caught sight of him there. Praise be that
Andresson had won. He liked Andresson.

BARNEY and Vince landed in Newark
with only five dollars between them,
for Vince had bet even their pay on that
fight with the mate. Subtlely, Vince’s
attitude toward Barney had changed. He
was friendly, but faintly patronizing, as
one scoundrel might be toward a worse
scoundrel. He had figured it all out. Bar-
ney had thrown the fight. That was one
thing you couldn’t fool Vince on. He
knew prize fighting, and he knew a tank
job when he saw one. He had seen Barney
go down from a punch that shouldn’t even
have shaken his hair. Barney had thrown
the fight. That was obvious. And what
was equally obvious to Vince was that the
mate had slipped Barney a couple hundred
or so to lay down. And Vince didn’t
blame Barney a bit. He would have done
the same. It was good business. But he
was sore that Barney didn’t share the
two hundred or whatever it was. Well—
he kept his grin up there—that was okay.
That was chicken feed. In fact, it was
money in the bank. He had Barney’s
number now, and that was going to pay
off. And in bigger numbers than a measly
two hundred, too.

  They took the bus from Port Newark
to Penn Station.

  “I think we’d better wire Sammy Sloan
to have Lars Widlund send us some dough
to tide us over till I find a job,” Barney
said, “We can’t go far on five bucks.”

  “Sure,” said Vince sarcastically, “that’d
be smart. Why not go out there and ask
Widlund yourself—then the cops wouldn’t
have to come across country to grab you.
Suppose Leon Henrouille’s dead? The
Tacoma cops’ll be watching Sammy’s mail
like hawks, and Widlund’s too. The hell
with that. We’ll go to a hotel, then I’ll
go down to the post office and see if

2—Fight—Fall

Sammy’s sent us a letter, like he said he
would. You don’t want to take chances,
Barney. Hell,” he said virtously, “I won’t
let you!”

  Barney believed him because he wanted
to believe—he wanted to believe in Vince.
And, also, he knew he could trust Sammy
Sloan out in Tacoma. Whatever Sammy’s
advice was, it would be good.

  He gripped Vince’s arm and said quietly,
“Okay, Vince.”

  They registered in a fleabag on Market
Street not far from the station, but the
sheets were clean if the lobby was not.
Vince left Barney there and went straight
to the Western Union office and sent a
wire to Lars Widlund asking for five
hundred dollars. Then he went to the post
office, and to his amazement found a letter
there from Sammy Sloan. He had thought-
fully lifted Barney’s wallet, so he had no
trouble claiming it. The letter was type-
written ;

  Dear Friend Barney:

   Leon Henrouille is okay now and you
  can come home but you will be doing
  everybody a favor if you leave Vince in
  Newark or even Hoboken. Lars Widlund
  is making raspberries for you like crazy.

  It is a good crop. Come back soon. I
  have a good fight for you all lined up.

                       Sammy Sloan.

  It was signed with Sammy’s round,
painstaking but unformed signature.

  Vince put the letter thoughtfully into
his pocket and walked slowly out of the
post office. The hell with that. If Barney
went back to Washington State the whole
grind of working on the raspberry ranch
would begin all over again. Nuts.

  Scowling with concentration, Vince
walked back to Market Street. He stopped
in at Grant’s Lunch and bought himself
two hot dogs and a glass of beer. As
he finished his beer, he kept nodding to
himself and grinning. He had it all figured
out now.

  At the drug store on the corner of
Broad and Market he bought a box of
stationery and a ball point pen, then sat
down with Sammy’s letter before him and,
copying the careful, almost childish form
of Sammy’s handwriting, wrote:
FIGHT STORIES

18

  Dear Friend Barney-:

   Leon Henrouiile ain’t dead yet but he
  is awful bad so ray advise is to stay in
  Nwrk till you hear from me. Get your-
  self some fights and keep in trim. You
  can fight under the name Barney Ryan
  and nobody will be the wiser. Let Vince
  manage you. He is a louse but he noes
  the fite game backwards and fourwits
  and will give you good advise beings he
  is your brother and all even if he is a
  louse. But keep punching, friend Barney,
  and do like Vince says as you will need
  mfonney when you return as Lars Wid-
  lund don’t no beans about razberies. I
  am working on an angle to get you free
  from under a murder rap so keep your
  chin covered. As ever yrs affectly,

                        Sammy Sloan.

 Vince regarded his masterpiece with
pride and put it into the envelope from
which he had taken Sammy’s authentic
letter. He sealed it so the small tear on
the flap showed hardly at all and put it
in his inside pocket. He rubbed his hands
together and let that lopsided grin of his
run deep into his cheek. Now for the
real object of his journey into the city.

 He went to the clerk at the tobacco
counter and asked, “Say, bud, where do
the fighters and managers hang out in this
burg?"

IV

BARNEY was asleep when Vince clam-
ored into their hotel room, boisterous-
ly waving Sammy’s spurious letter over his
head. He sat on the edge of Barney’s
bed.

  “Read it first, kid,” he grinned, “then
I’ll tell you the good news. What’s he
say ?”

  Barney bit his lips as he read rapidly.
His eyes fell to what he thought was
Sammy’s signature, then read the letter
again. He folded it slowly and put it
back into the envelope.

 “Leon Henrouille’s worse,” he said
shortly.

  “Don’t worry about it, kid. Sammy’ll
take care of that end.”

 “Yeah, that’s what he says.” Barney
took a breath. “I hope. I sure hope. I

 didn’t murder him!” he broke out, “The
 four of them . . .”

   “Sure, sure,” Vince soothed him, “All
 we gotta do is wait, see? In the meantime
 we do just like Sammy says.”

   “How do you know what Sammy says ?”
“He says sit tight doesn’t he?” said
Vince innocently.

   Barney’s suspicion evaporated. “Yeah.
 Keep my chin covered, he said.”

   Vince took the letter from Barney’s
 hand and pretended to read it. He put it
 back in the envelope and tossed it on
 Barney’s lap.

   “There you are!” he exclaimed, “It’s
 just a coincidence, but I got a fight for
 you.”

   Barney’s eyes gleamed. “A fight?”
“What do you think I was doing all
this time—running out on you? Hell, I
was busy, kid. And I got a fight for you.
The guy’s waiting downstairs in the lobby.
Him and his wife. He’s taking us out for
chow. Whattya think of that now?”
Barney sprang eagerly from the bed
and, standing before the cracked mirror
over the rickety chest of drawers beside
•the window, hastily slid his tie back into
his collar. He swung into his jacket.

   “Vince,” he grinned, “I’d rather fight
 than eat. Let’s get the fight end of it over
 before we eat.”

   “I think the guy’s hungry. Let him
 eat and we’ll talk to him while he puts
 it away.” He smiled slowly, like a cat
 with a canary under its paw.

   The man waiting in the lobby was short
 and slight. He wore a soiled trench coat,
 belted at the waist, and further pulled it
 out of shape with both hands sunk into
 the pockets. He had a thin, tired, cynical
 face, sallow and darkly sagging beneath
 both eyes. The most striking thing about
 the woman beside him was the fullness of
 her wide discontented mouth, the volup-
 tuous promise in her lazy eyes. She was
 small but deep-breasted and her glance
 sharpened with sensuous interest when the
 two tall brothers came from the dusty
 hallway and strode across the lobby to-
 ward them.

   1 he man looked sideways at her and
 said wearily, “Ah, for gosh sake, Lily,
 meet them before you start making them.”
ONE FIST

  She put on a full-lipped smile and said
through it “Shut up, you little rat.”

  Vince came forward with his hand out
stretched and the man took it limply.

  “This is Alec Frazer, Barney,” Vince
said heartily, “Alec’s got a fight he wants
to talk over with you while we have dinner.
Where we going, Alec? You better take
it easy on yourself, because we’re broke.”

  “So you said. Let’s go down the Nov-
elty Grill for a slice of fish. That won’t
bust me.”

  The woman pinched his arm. “May I
come, too, darling?” she said.

  “Uh. Yeah. Sure. This is my wife,
Helen. These are the Nolan boys, Vince
and Barney.”

  “Barney is Ryan,” smiled Vince. “That’s
his ring name, Helen. Barney Ryan, the
best light-heavy this side of the Rockies.
And the other side, too. I’ll tell you all
about it while these two talk business.”

  He took Helen’s arm and led her out
of the lobby, talking eagerly while Barney
and Alec followed.

  Alec didn’t say a word during the three
block walk to the Novelty Grill, but his
hard gray eyes darted from Helen and
Vince in front to Barney at his side. After
the initial, clinical glance, his eyes dis-
carded Helen and Vince and watched
Barney—watched the way he walked, the
way he held his head, swung his arms.
From the intentness in his gaze, you might
almost have thought him a doctor. And
in a way, that was true. He was watching
for something, and what he saw satisfied
him. At the corner of Mulberry and Mar-
ket, a cab blared a sudden horn, and Alec’s
eyes stabbed at Barney, who merely waited
at the curb, then crossed when the taxi
had passed. Alec’s thin lips show a brief,
tight smile.

  They took a rear booth at the Novelty.
Both Barney and Vince ate avidly. Ship-
board food corroded the palate and, if
you were lucky, copper-plated your stom-
ach.

  They ate as if they had never seen
a piece of broiled halibut before in their
lives. Alec stabbed disinterestedly at his
swordfish, and Helen was watching Vince
too closely to enjoy anything that was
set before her.

WAS IRISH!	19

  “That patch over your eye, * she said
suddenly, “It gives you quite a look, Vince.
Piratical, strong, dashing.”

  Vince touched the patch with his right
hand and looked quickly at Barney. “It
makes me feel like a heel” he said shortly.
“Well, ain’t you?” demanded Alec.
Vince grinned. “Me? I’m just a farm
boy.” Then, quickly switching, “What do
you think of the kid brother, Alec?”

  Alec said, “No.”

 “No? Why not? Ain’t he good
enough ?”

  “Too good,” said Alec maliciously, “Too
good, pal.”

  “All the better.”

  “Not for my money, punk.” He swung
his cynical eyes on Barney, “What’s your
price for a dive?” he asked.

Vince gripped the table edge and turned
white. He said hastily, “Wait a minute.”
“Nuts.” Alec did not even look at him.
“What’s your price for a dive, Barney?”
Barney looked from Alec to Vince,
back again. “A dive?” he stammered.

  “Yeah, a dive. A tank job. You got a
price, ain’t you? Your brother here said
you did. Well, what is it?”

  Barney felt suddenly ashamed. He
stared straight down into his plate. “There
isn’t any price,” he mumbled, “I don’t
work that way.”

  Vince said, “Ha, ha ha.” and drew up
his mouth. He looked at Alec. “Okay,
wise guy, you handle it. You stuck your
big foot in it, now get it out.’

. Alec jerked his chin contemptuously at
Vince and said to Barney, “This punk
your manager?”

  Barney shook his head. Vince flushed.
“How’d you like me to manage you?”
Alec asked. “The boys will tell you I’m
as crooked as they come. You can believe
it or not. Maybe I am. Maybe not. But
I’ll tell you this much—Abe Salinski wants
a boy for a tank job, and your brother
here said you were it. I don’t think so.
Salinski wants a shot at the champ. He’s
building a rep. He’ll pay five C’s. What
do you say, Barney?”

  Vince slapped the table. “I thought I
was to handle that end of it,” he said
angrily.

  Alec shrugged. “It makes a difference ?”
20

FIGHT STORIES

  “You’re damn right it makes a diff-
erence !”

  “But he says you’re not handling him.
If you’re not his manager, how can you
handle it?"

  Without lifting his head, Barney said,
“Get back to the hotel, Vince. Go on, beat
it!”

  Vince never disputed when Barney used
that tone of voice. He laughed uneasily
and stood tipping over his chair. He flung
down his napkin on the table.

  “Okay, jailbird,” he jeered at Barney,
“See how far you get without me!” His
face twisted with the same frustrated
hatred he had shown Barney that night
Barney had thrown the fight to the mate,
Andresson.

  He started for the door. Helen Frazer
jumped to her feet.

  “This party’s getting too noble for me/'
her eyes contemptuously raked Alec’s
brooding face, “I think you two Boy
Scouts want to be alone. Call me up some-
time, Alec, when you’re in the money
again.”

  She turned and walked defiantly toward
Vince, who was waiting near the door
with an expectant grin.

  Alec said bitterly, “There’s a boy who’s
had woman trouble before.”

  Barney started to rise from his chair.
“Guess 111 be . . . *

  Alec put out his hand and stopped him.
“Nix, kid, nix. You’re looking for some
bouts, ain’t you? Honest fights, not like
this Salinski deal. Give me a shot at hand-
ling it for you. I won’t cross you. None
of my own boys ever took a dive for any-
body,” he was pleading a little, “I don’t
handle bums, but if some guy wants a
tramp for a tank job, I usually know where
to find one. You don’t have to sign a
contract with me. Just give me a chance.”

  Barney looked hard at him and Alec
met his eyes squarely. Barney nodded.
“Okay,” he said.

HE WAS in Miehle's Gym at nine
the next morning. Alec had a pair
of ring shoes and trunks for him and he
went back to the locker room to change.
Alec had looked at the worried frown
between his eyes, had started to say some-

thing, had thought the better of it and
let it drop.

  When Barney came back from the locker
room, Alec was talking to a stocky heavy
who was pulling the weights at the side
of the big room.

  “Here he comes now,” Alec said,
‘There’s an extra fin in it for you if you
can put him down and keep him there.”
The heavy looked at Barney with re-
newed interest. To him Barney was just
another tall, lean scrapper, flaring wide
from the upper chest into powerful shoul-
ders. Barney moved with a lazy, deceptive
stride. The heavy wasn’t impressed.

  “You can pay mo now,” he yawned.
“Them tall, skinny ones can’t take it in the
middle. I’ll cut him in half.” He took
one of the two pairs of practice gloves
Alec had under his arm and slid his hands
into them with accustomed ease.

  Barney came up, looking around with
curiosity. “I never trained in a gym be-
fore,” he said. “Smoky in here.”

The heavy looked at Alec in disgust.
Alec said woodenly, “Barney, this is
Clapper Wells. He’s gonna go a few
rounds with you. Make it good. I want
to see what you can do.”

  Barney said, “Sure,” and grinned at
Wells, who nodded disinterestedly and
crawled under the ropes into the practice
ring. Barney followed him after Alec
laced up his gloves. Wells lounged out of
the Cjrner where he had been leaning,
bored, against the ropes.

  Barney sparred lightly, the way he al-
ways did with Vince, losening up with
those fast little left jabs, dancing around
the slow-moving Wells to warm up his
legs. Without blinking, Clapper took four
lefts to the jaw and side of the face. He
languidly raised his guard a little higher
and gave Alec a dry, pitying glance. Bar-
ney peppered him with a shower of
featherweight rights and lefts, moving
around a little faster now. Wells waited
until he was sure he wasn’t going to run
into anything solid, then stepped in, taking
a light left to the jaw, and hooked a
savage right to Barney’s ribs. He brought
up his left and sank the right again. Bar-
ney gasped and went back against the
ropes on his heels.
OISE FIST WAS IRISH!

21

  Wells lunged after him, grunting as he
threw in a hard left and a harder right.
A mist swam before Barney’s eyes and he
clutched at Wells’ arms, but the heavy
pushed him away, took a short step back-
ward and drove a straight right flush to
Barney’s jaw. He hit him twice more
with short hooks as he went down. Barney
sagged to his hands and knees and swayed,
his head hanging. Wells gave him a short
glance, then turned on his heel and walked
across the ring to the corner where Alec
Frazer was biting at his nails.

  “I’ll take it now, Alec,” he yawned.
“What a creampuff! He ought to be up
by Sunday.”

  “Yeah? Take a look behind you.”
Wells turned. His eyes widened in
surprise. Barney was not only up, but
his dancing blue eyes said that he was
ready for a fight. Wells grinned.

  “Well, well,” he said, “if the little rubber
ball ain’t bounced up again. I hate to do
it, but let’s go.”

  He put up his hands and let Barney
come to him. He saw the left coming and
he moved his head a little, intending to
roll with it, then bore in with savage
hands for the midsection. It caught him
on the cheekbone. There was an explosion
of sparks before his eyes. A right flushed
his jaw from the other side and he grabbed
desperately for a clinch. Something ripped
into his body and he clung tighter. He
threw his weight forward and, locked to-
gether, they staggered across the ring.

  Wells gasped, “Take it easy, bud.
There’s only a fin in this for me.”

  A glove crashed against his chin and
he sat down. He stayed there until his
head cleared.

  Alec kept saying impatiently, “Come on,
come on. I could have counted you out
twice.”

  Wells turned his head and thumbed his
nose. He’d get up when he was good and
ready. His temper began to prickle. What
a lousy trick! Leading him on like that
so he’d run into that powerhouse wide
open.

  He climbed slowly to his feet and
crouched, holding a tight guard. Barney
came at him, weaving lithely. Wells didn’t
throw a punch. He carried and ducked,

waiting, just waiting for a chance to get
in close where he could do the most dam-
age.

  Barney didn’t like it in the middle. Well,
that was just where he was going to
get it. Barney’s left flickered time and
again over his guard and they were
punches that stung, but it was the right
that Wells kept his eye on. He didn’t like
the left, but he could take it.

  Barney was grinning. He was warmed
up now and his gloves flickered in and
out so effortlessly that there didn’t look
to be any real snap in them. They seemed
to lick out, lightly touch Wells’ head and
snap back into position for the next blow.
When the heavy swung, Barney reached
out and touched this thick biceps, just
touched them it seemed, and the sting
evaporated from the punch. But Wells
could tell you what was behind those light
touches; so could Alec Frazer, and so
could the tall thin man, wearing a rakish
derby, who stood behind him.

  Barney went in with his hands a little
higher, and was just what Wells had been
waiting for—a clearer shot at that mid-
section. He lunged in, pumping with both
hands and felt them land.

  But almost simultaneously his head
rocked from twin explosions that crashed
at his chin. Darkness fell with a thunder-
ous rush. When he opened his eyes, Alec
Frazer was mopping his face with a wet
towel.

  “You might of told me,” he said bitterly,
“Who is he, anyway, Billy Conn’s
brother ?”

  “Just a mick from the West. I never
saw him fight in my life Clapper.”

  Wells looked at Barney, who was pulling
off his big gloves.

  “You got quite a wallop, kid.”

  Barney grinned. “Sorry I got sore,
Clapper. I didn’t expect you to tear into
me right away.”

  Wells said ruefully, “Yeah. It’s tough.
I know just how you feel.” He climbed
to his feet and as he turned to slip under
the ropes, Alec slipped him a ten.

ALEC threw a shapless robe over Bar-
ney’s shoulders and whispered,
“There’s a guy over here I want you to
22

FIGHT STORIES

meet. Fran Willis. He runs the fights
over at St. Mike's Arena."

  Alec introduced them and Willis smiled.
“Nice workout, Ryan,” then lightly to
Alec, “How much did you have to slip
Wells?”

  Alec snorted. “Since when did Clapper
play fish for anybody?”

  “Htn. That's a fact,” he smiled at
Barney again, “No offense, Ryan. I just
think of all the angles. I got a spot for
you tomorrow night in the prelims on my
card if you want it. One of the boys is
down with a broken hand and I need a
substitute.”

  Alec laughed, bit off the end of his
cigar and spat it on the floor. “Since
when do you expect to get class like Bar-
ney in the prelims?” he jeered.

 “And who ever heard of Ryan? Not
me.

  “Out West, he was the boy who brought
in the customers. You just saw what he
can do. They loved him.”

  “As far as I know, he’s just another
gym-wonder. What can he do when it’s
for keeps? I'll give fifty just to see how
he shapes up.”

 “Fifty! Why pay him at all? Make
it a hundred.”

  “For a prelim-boy, Alec? Talk sense.
Tell you what I’ll do—if he shows up to-
morrow night the way he did this morning
and if the crowd likes him, I’ll think
about him for a semi-final.”

  Alec threw up his hands in despair,
grumbled, but finally said grudgingly,
“Who’ll he be fighting?”

  “A1 Moore, a Harrison boy.”

“That meatball] It won’t go a round.”
Willis smiled from Alec to Barney, who
grinned back. “I don’t go for one-round
knockouts,” he said, “I’ve seen too many
good boys put away trying it.”

  Willis winked at Alec. “And he’s smart,
too,” he said. “See you tomorrow night,
guys.” He walked away.

  When he was out of earshot, Alec said
gleefully, “Sold him, by heck! Believe it
or not, lie’s one of the toughest onions
in the racket.”

  “How tough is this A1 Moore?” Barney
asked.

  Alec grimaced. “He’s got two hands

and one of ’eni’s a right, and so far he
don’t seem to care who punches him in
the snoot. The kid who was supposed to
have fought him didn’t come down with a
broken hand. He came down with a
broken nerve. I happen to know. You’ll
earn your fifty.”

  Barney nodded. “Nobody looks good
against a palooka. I don’t like push overs.”
“Talking of push overs,” Alec pulled a
newspaper from his pocket, “Take a look
at this and thank your lucky stars.” He
pointed at a paragraph in a sport column
called Inside stuff with Jimmy Duff.

  It said, “Mentioning no names, but
there’s a light-heavy contender around
town looking for a push over and offering
five hundred, providing that he won’t have
to push too hard. This department is
investigating, and if a fish has nibbled
there’ll be two of them telling the Com-
mission how come.”

  “He means that, too,” Alec said seri-
ously. “Duff’s a tough baby. Am I glad
we didn’t nibble! Salinski won’t dare
fight a set up now. Duff's the boy who
can put the fear of God in them. Well,”
he stuffed the paper back into his pocket,
“put on your clothes and do a little road
work in the park. I don’t think you'll
need anything more in here today.”
Barney hesitated. “Alec,” he said,
“Look, if you’re going to handle me, tank
jobs are out from now on. All tank jobs.”
Alec’s eyes lighted. “Kid, all my life I
been looking for a fighter—a clean guy I
wouldn’t be ashamed of handling. Even
if he never got to be champ. I think
you’re it. Know what I mean?”

  “Okay. That's the answer.”

  “That’s the answer. You won’t have
nothing to worry about. Now,” his voice
took on a note of authority again, “now
get dressed and get out there and run a
little. You shouldn’t of let Clapper move
in on you the way you did that first time.
We're gonna get a little more spring in
those legs. Now get going.”

  But as Barney turned away, he stam-
mered, “Say . . uh . . . did . . did your
brother . . . get back to the hotel all
right last night?”

  Barney stopped. Vince had not been at
the hotel when he awakened that morn-
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

23

ing and his bed had not been slept in.

 But he said, “Yeah. Sure. He was
waiting for me.”

  Alec looked visibly relieved. “I just
wondered. He ... he seemed kind of
sore,” he mumbled. “Get dressed, get
dressed. Waiting for me to dress you?”
Barney grinned and walked toward the
locker room, but his grin disappeared the
moment his back was turned. Poor guy,
he thought, poor guy. He knew what
was behind that question. Helen Frazer
had not been home last night, either.

V

WHILE BARNEY was taking his
roadwork in Branch Brook Park,
Alec dropped in to see Jimmy Duff, the
sport writer.

  “The kid’s got everything, Jimmy,” he
said, “He can box and he can hit. Sure,
there are a thousand guys with the same
stuff, but he’s got something else. You
should of seen what he did to Clapper
Wells this morning after the Clapper
knocked him down for a good count. He
finished the Clapper off like it was a per-
sonal grudge. He never let up.”

  Duff riffled through the papers on his
desk. He had a round, pink face and a
little rosebud mouth, but his eyes were
gray and intent like those of a hungry
shark.

  “I hear he was approached to take a
fall for Salinski,” he said bluntly.

  This was one of the reasons Alec had
visited Duff. Ordinarily he would have
stayed away until Barney’d had at least
one fight. “Sure he was approached,” he
said promptly, “but he turned it down.”
“He should have reported it to the
Commission.”

  “Now, Jimmy,” Alec said reproachfully,
“you know better than that. You know
how these things are done—there’s nothing
to put the finger on. Suppose some hot-
shot you’d never seen before and you’ll
never see again comes up to a fighter and
says out of the side of his mouth—‘there’s
a spot for you on the St. Mike card next
month. I ain’t saying a certain guy’ll be
in the same ring with you, but if you took
the count in the fifth and when you got

back to your dressing room and there was
an envelope for you, wouldn’t you be sur-
prised to find five C’s in it?’ That’s a
typical approach around here. What can
you do with it?”

  Duff tapped his teeth with the tip of
his shears. “Who’s this Barney Ryan
fighting tomorrow night?” he asked.

  “That tough Harrison egg, A1 Moore.”
Then, grinning, “Maybe you think there’s
a fix on that, too?”

  “Could be,” Duff said casually, “To
build Ryan up. I think I’ll drop in and
look it over. I can tell when Moore’s try-
ing or not.” He put down the shears and
looked Alec full in the face. “I don’t
trust you from here to there Alec. This
wouldn’t be the first fix you’ve been errand
boy for. God help you and this Ryan
if I as much as smell fish. Personally,
I like you, but I don’t like your habits. I
don’t like the way your hands shake when
you see a. chance to make a buck. Go down
and have a beer and think it over. I got
my eye on you.”

  The enthusiasm went dead in Alec. He
couldn’t deny anything Duff had said. He
could explain. He could tell Duff about
Helen, that he loved her, that she had
only stuck to him as long as he was in
the chips, and in the fight game you were
either lucky or crooked—but Duff would
only laugh at him. Duff was tougher than
the steel in a bank safe.

  He stopped at the door and faltered,
“I suppose you wouldn’t tell me who
tipped you off that Ryan was approached
for a fix.”

  Duff said derisively, “Don’t be silly.”
Alec went slowly down the stairs to
the street. He glanced mechanically at
his watch, then, with dragging steps,
walked up to Broad Street and took the
bus.

  He didn’t really expect Helen would be
in the apartment when he walked in, but
the smoldering ache burst into tongues of
pain when he found the rooms actually
empty, the way he had left them that
morning. Then he saw the closet and the
empty bureau drawers hanging out. Her
clothes were gone, even her handkerchiefs
and bathing suit. He stared dumbly. He
looked for a note, but of course there
24	FIGHT

wasn’t any. Helen would never have
bothered to leave a note, would never
have bothered to ease the pain. His mouth
twisted and he strode for the kitchen. He
snatched up the bottle on the table but
even while he was drinking, the tears were
spilling down his face.

VINCE did not come back to the hotel
that night, either. In fact, he didn’t
turn up until Barney was getting ready to
leave for St. Mike’s Arena. Barney’s eyes
jumped wide when he walked in.

  It was a different Vince. He was wearing
a yellow sport jacket, a coffee brown shirt
and brown sharkskin slacks.

  “Look me over,” he said with a grin.
“Where’d you get the money for that?”
“Take it easy. I didn’t hold up any-
body. I cleaned up in a crap game,” he
lied. He didn’t intend telling Barney that
he had sent to Widlund for five hundred
dollars from the sale of their raspberries.

  Barney shook his head. “Aw, Vince,
you’re not going to start that again, are
you? You know what it was like out in
Tacoma. You were in hock half the time.
Why don’t you. . .

  “It was just for the stake, Barney,”
Vince interrupted swiftly, “I’m off the
dice from now on. I got a job. This guy
Willis over at the St. Mike’s Arena needed
a publicity man and I talked myself into
it. Not bad, eh?'’

  “On the level?”

  “On the level, kid. You know me, I
can talk myself into anything. Say, Bar-
ney . . he affected embarrassment,
“there's . . no hard feelings about the
other night, is there?”

  Barney looked down at his hands. “It
was a crummy thing to try, Vince. You
know I wouldn't throw a fight.”

  “Sure. I don’t know what got into me,”
Vince said glibly, “I guess maybe it looked
like an easy way to make five hundred,
and no one’d blame you for getting beat
by Salinski. But just like you say, it
was a crummy thing to try. I’m strictly
legit from now on. Honest, Barney.”
“Okay, Vince. I’m glad to hear it.”
Vince threw his arm around Barney’s
shoulder as they walked toward the door.
“Gonna beat this punk tonight, Kid? He's

STORIES

three-to-one and I got a hundred riding on
you.”

  “Why don’t you lay off the easy money,
Vince? How do I know if I’m going to
beat him?'

  Vince laughed. “This isn’t gambling,
kid. I’ve seen you fight when you get
sore. You’ll take him apart. Well,” he
slapped Barney on the arm, “see you at
the Arena.”

  Barney was faintly surprised when
Vince turned and walked down the street,
leaving him standing there. He saw Vince
turn the corner, and a moment later he
heard the grind of a car starting off in
low gear, and then he understood. Helen
Frazer had been waiting there for him.
Vince was heading for trouble again.

  Alec was not at the Arena when he got
there. He went to the general dressing
room and slowly changed into the trunks
and shoes Alec had gotten for him. Fran
Willis came in, leaned against the door and
watched him.

  Barney said, “Hello, Mr. Willis. Seen
Alec?”

  Willis shook his head. “Heard he’s hav-
ing trouble. I’ll give you a boy for your
corner, but you’ll have to slip him a five.
Going to give us a good fight tonight?”

  Barney grinned. Then, “Thanks for
giving my brother that job, Mr. Willis.
Vince is smart. You won’t be sorry.”

  Willis said drily, “I hope. See you later,
Ryan.”

  Barney stood in the runway, the shape-
less old robe thrown over his shoulders,
and watched two young inexperienced
middleweights trying to tear each other’s
heads off. They were both bloody and the
crowd was screaming. The bell rang and
both staggered to their corners. The ref-
eree raised the arm of one and the crowd
laughed but cheered good-naturedly. Who
cares who wins a brawl like that.

 The crowd was silent when Barney
jumped lightly into the ring, but it burst
into a roar when A1 Moore strutted down
the aisle, cocky and tough. He was shorter
than Barney, but heavier through the body.

  The referee, an ex-heavy, gave them
the instructions in a hoarse rumble. He
was a tough referee and you had to keep
punching when he was in the ring. He
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

25

didn’t seem to believe such a thing as a
foul existed.

  Moore tried to act just as tough. lie
had a reputation for being a scrapper,
in and out of the ring, and he was trying
to live up to it. He grabbed Barney by
the arms and snarled at the referee,

  “This guy’s got a habit of doin’ this,”
he jabbed his thumb at Barneys eye, “He
put his own brothers eye out. If he tries
that on me, I’ll give him everything from
the boots up!”

  The referee growled, “Get back to your
corners and quit the clowning.” He gave
each of them a shove.

  Barneys face was white. His lips were
a thin line and his eyes were blue flames
as that old fury welled up inside him. Al-
ways to be reminded of what he had done
to Vince!

  Moore bounded across the ring at the
bell, coming in low and hard, mauling with
both hands. He grabbed Barney and
butted and wrestled him back to the ropes,
working with everything he had. He
fouled Barney twice before the referee
parted them. He always did that, and it
usually worked. He put the fear of God
into his opponents. He even tried to reach
Barney over the referee’s arms as they
were parted, knowing he could get away
with it, knowing the crowd was eating it
up. It was all part of the reputation he
was building. He came sweeping in again
and Barney nailed him on the bridge of
the nose with that straight left.

  Moore’s head flew back and he flailed
backward across the ring. Barney stalked
him. Moore crouched. Blood dripped
from his face. He held up his hands but
he seemed unable to move his legs. The
terror in his eyes was so wild that a
sudden hush washed back from ringside
into the deeps of the auditorium. Barney
went in swiftly and Moore, suddenly find-
ing his legs, went skittering down the
ropes, fleeing. He had never been hit so
hard with a left before.

"DARNEY’S face tight and frozen, his
eyes icy and flat. He didn’t let Moore
get three steps before he was on him like
a great cat. lie speared him with another
left and the mouthpiece flew from be-

tween Moore’s teeth. Barney straightened
him up with a lifting right and drove him
into the corner. He stood wide-legged and
flat-footed and lashed a savage, two-
handed attack, swaying from leg to leg.
Moore’s head bobbed and his hair danced
as the gloves beat soddenly at his face,
but he couldn’t fall for Barney had him
wedged in the corner and the blazing fury
kept Barney’s hands beating in a frenzy
of punishment.

  A towel went flying through the air
from Moore’s corners and at ringside even
the reporters were on their feet, screaming
and a shrieking woman in the second row
was beating at them with her handbag.
The burly referee hurled himself at Bar-
ney, wound his heavy anns around him
and as he dragged him back, Moore fell
straight forward on his face. Someone
was yelling, “Forty-two seconds, forty-
two seconds!” as if his life depended on
it.

  Barney stood dazed in his corner as the
anger ebbed out of him. His hands hung
limply at his sides and dully he watched
Moore being helped to his feet. The
Harrison boy was coming around. He
looked over his shoulder, saw Barney
standing there and his eyes spread with
fear.

  As the referee raised Barney’s hand he
growled, “What dumb yak matched you
two? Willis should know better.”

  The crowd was still screaming when
Barney walked alone up the aisle and
down the runway to the dressing room.
Willis was there, but no Alec.

  Willis said tightly, “Alec’s home sick.
Take your shower. I want to talk to you.”
When Barney came out from the
shower, towelling himself, he saw a short,
fat, pink-faced man talking to Willis. It
was Jimmy Duff, the sports writer. They
stopped talking and looked up when Bar-
ney walked in.

  Duff said with peculiar emphasis, “So
you’re Alec Frazer’s boy. How’d he hap-
pen to pick you up?”

Barney grinned. “One of those things.”
“If you’re smart, you’ll get from under.”
Willis protested, “Alec’s okay, Jimmy.
Give him a chance. Don’t try to tell me
you thought tonight’s go was fixed.”
26	FIGHT STORIES

  “Hell no. Moore or nobody would take
a lacing like that for any money. When’s
he fighting again?” he jerked his head at
Barney.

  “Next week. In the final,” Willis said
so promptly that both of them laughed.
“I’ll see if I can get that kraut—Heinie
Pfaff.”

  “That sounds more like it.” Duff looked
appraisingly at Barney. “Come up to the
News office tomorrow morning as early
as you can. I want some pictures.” He
started toward the door, turned. “And
get loose from Alec Frazer.”

  He nodded to Vince in the doorway
and crowded past him. Willis watched
Barney dress and said slowly, “Why didn’t
you take it easy on Moore when you found
out he was a punk?”

  Barney’s answer was short. “He got me
sore.”

  “I could see that. But I’ve seen guys
get sore in the ring before and they usually
got their ears torn off.”

  Vince grinned, “Barney don’t get sore
that way. He gets like ice.”

  Willis ignored him. “Can you go ten
rounds?” he asked Barney, ‘This Heine
Pfaff is a tough boy. Nobody’s put him
out yet.”

  “Barney's gone fifteen rounds,” [Vince
said.

 “Where?”

  “Out in. . . in Chicago. And knocked
the guy out in the fifteenth, too.”

  Willis looked sharply at him. It was
obvious that he didn’t believe Vince, but
when Barney said nothing, Willis dropped
it.

  He said, “See you next Friday,” and
walked out.

  Vince took Barney's arm and walked
him down the deserted corridor. Inside
the auditorium, they could hear the crowd
yelling.

  Vince whispered, although there was no
need for whispering, “Don’t let Duff get
your picture in the papers, kid. You don’t
wanna take any chances till Sammy Sloan
gets that mess with the Henrouilles
straightened up out in Tacoma. You’re
going places and you don’t want to spoil
it by having the cops on your neck.”

  Barney closed his eyes. In the flush

of victory he had forgotten that Leon
Henrouille was, according to Vince, lying
in a Tacoma hospital, hovering between
life and death. His spirits slumped.

  “I guess you’re right,” he mumbled.
  “Sure I’m right.”

  Vince opened the street door. “See you
tomorrow, kid. Sorry I can’t go out and
celebrate with you, but I got other things
to do.”

  “Things like Helen Frazer?” asked Bar-
ney slowly. “You don’t have to run
around with her, Vince. There are other
girls.”

  “Sure,” Vince sneered, pointedly touch-
ing the black patch over his empty eye
socket, “I can get any dame I want, I
suppose.”

“I ... I ... it isn’t as bad. . . .”
“No, no, it’s nothing! Nothing at all!
Maybe you’d like to go around the rest
of your life with one eye. Why not. It’s
fun!” he said viciously.

 “But why Helen? Alec’s nuts about
her . . . ”

  “If she don’t want no part of him, why
should I worry. Stop preaching, will you?
I’m getting sick of it. If you want to
worry about something, take a look at
this,” he shoved a letter into Barney’s
hand, “I wasn’t going to give it to you,
but you kept asking for it.” He slammed
the door and left Barney standing on the
sidewalk.

  Barney turned the letter in his hand.
It was from Sammy Sloan in Tacoma.
Vince had extracted the original and in-
serted his own forgery. It said;

  Dear Friend Barney:

  Leon Henrouille has a fractured skull
  and they operated. It is life and death.

  If he dies you’ll have to dome back be-
  fore election. Stay where you are till
  you hear from me on account of I don’t
  want you railroaded to the caboose. He
  has a 50-50 chance. Don't write me on
  account they watch my mail.

Sammy Sloan.

  Barney put the letter in his pocket and
plodded heave down the street toward the
bus stop on the corner.
OISE FIST

VI

THE NEXT morning he went to see
Alec Frazer. Alec was in bed. He
looked terrible. There were two empty
bottles lying on their sides next to the bed.

  Barney sat on the edge of the bed and
said casually, “I won last night, Alec.”

  “Knew you would." Alec coughed as
if his throat were dry. He didn’t show
much interest.

  “Willis wants me to fight Heinie Pfaff
next week."

  Alec’s eyes stirred.

  Barney went on, “They say he’s a hard
rock. Heinie Pfaff."

  Alec muttered. “Yeah. Too good for
everybody but the top-bracket boys, and
they don’t want no part of him. A lousy
match for you. How much you gettin?"

  “Willis didn’t say."

  Interest began to gleam in Alec’s blood-
shot eyes. He pushed himself shakily up-
right and leaned against the headboard of
the bed. “You leave that to me," he said
with more life in his voice, “That louse
Willis. He’ll kick in if he wants you.
More guys have busted their hands on that
knucklehead and got no place." He swung
his feet over the edge of the bed and
felt for his slippers. “You go down the
gym and work on the big bag," he ordered.
“I'll see you later."

  Barney went out grinning.

  They weren’t exactly hanging from the
rafters of the arena, but there was a good
crowd, better than the Friday before, and
they were yelling for blood.

  Heinie Pfaff was everything Alec had
said he was. He was short and slow but
as thick-bodied as a wrestler and his small,
round head looked like a real knuckle-
breaker. He liked to get in close and
methodically rip the middle out of you.

  Barney went out fast and was three
times around the stolid German, stabbing
him with that long left, before Pfaff could
get set to throw a punch. He threw a
long right and Pfaff blinked as it smacked
against the side of his jaw. Barney
lanced a left to Pfaff’5 nose and a trickle
of blood showed on his upper lip.

  The crowd was on its feet instantly,
yelling.

WAS IRISH!	27

  “Kill ’im, Ryan!”

  “Kill the kraut."

  Pfaff was the local villain who had
stopped many a favorite son. They hated
him for doing it so stolidly, in such a busi-
ness-like manner with no emotion. Pfaff
took another to the side of the head, then
suddenly lunged inside, working both short
powerful arms. Barney’s middle glowed
an angry red.

  Pfaff grunted contemptuously, “Ja, kill
the lousy kraut. Like you kill dot feller
out West, hey, Nolan?"

  Barney felt himself go cold. “Who told
you that?"

  “Come on. Fight."

  The color drained out of Barney’s face.
He took two more stiff jolts to the ribs
before he tied up the German. For a mo-
ment his legs felt rubbery. Pfaff knew
about the Canuck, and Pfaff had called
him Nolan, not Ryan. But before the
referee could come to part them* he
pushed Pfaff away with a surge of his
shoulders and sent in a straight left that
crashed between PfafFs nose and cheek-
bone. Pfaff’s head went back as if on a
hinge and Barney hit him again while his
chin was still tilted. Pfaff dropped lead-
enly to his hands and knees. Barney stood
over him, hands ready, until the referee
pushed him away and indicated the neutral
corner.

  The crowd counted joyously and in
unison with the referee.

  Pfaff was up at nine, but he was no
longer the stolid, heavy fighter he had been.
He looked around and he backed away as
Barney stalked across the ring at him. He
tried to cover his head as Barney came
in savagely. In a moment he had lost all
his ringcraft and he backed into his own
corner. Barney nailed him there with an-
other left then, weaving from side to side
threw everything he had, beating down
Pfaff’s guard, bouncing his round head
from side to side with the fury of his
attack.

  Pfaff clutched at him, but his hands
feebly slid down Barney’s arms and he
went to his knees, clinging to the second
strand of ropes, his head bowed.

  Alec was into the ring and had the
robe around his shoulders before the
28	FIGHT

referee had crossed to raise Barney’s hand.
Alec’s face was pale and his hands were
trembling. He rushed Barney up the aisle
through the yelling, cheering grabbing
crowd.

  This time Barney had a dressing room
to himself.

  Willis came in, smiling and rubbing his
hands together, and with him the plump,
cold-eyed Duff. Duff was also smiling.
He even nodded in a friendly way at Alec.

  “Nice fight, Ryan,” he said to Barney.
“How come you didn’t come down to the
office? I don’t have a picture of you.
Don’t you want the publicity.”

  “He’ll be down tomorrow,” said Alec
quickly; his hands were trembling as he
massaged Barneys legs.

  The door opened and the silence was
suddenly so thick you could almost taste
it. Stewie Leonard, Abe Salinski’s man-
ager, walked in and took his cigar from
his mouth. Duff stared at him with hos-
tility and looked quickly at Alec, whose
face had turned deathly pale.

  Leonard said in a hearty, commercial
voice, “Glad to see you here, Mr. Duff.
I think we got a story for you if Mr.
Frazer here is as smart as I think he
is.” He hooked his left thumb in the
armhole of his vest and smiled benevo-
lently. “I been thinking we could get a
good gate if we matched my boy Abe
with Ryan here. Whattya say, Mr.
Frazer?”

  Alec opened his mouth but the words
seemed frozen in his throat. Duff’s quick
eyes darted between him and flashy Stewie
Leonard in the doorway.

  .“But Ryan’s had only two fights here,”
he purred, “How do you know he’ll draw,
Leonard ?’

  Leonard waved his cigar and chuckled.
“It’ll be all over town tomorrow what he
did to Heinie Pfaff tonight. Now the
crowd’ll wanna see what he can do against
a good boy like Abe Salinski. Draw!
He’ll draw like flies.”

  Duff shot a sharp, slantwise glance at
the frozen Alec. “Do you think Ryan’s
ready for Salinski?” he asked significantly.

  Alec gulped and said, “S-sure he’s ready.
Ain’t you, Barney?”

  Barney said, “I’ll fight him,” but there

STORIES

was something going on here that he didn’t
catch. The air crackled with it.

  Willis broke into a false, cackling laugh.
“Hell, Jimmy,” he said “you saw what he
did to Heinie Pfaff tonight. Heinie is an-
other boy you can’t fix and you know it.”
“Sure I know it,” Duff dug his hands
in his pockets and teetered up on his toes.
“And here’s something else I know. A
week ago there was talk of Ryan here
being a set-up for Abe Salinski. And
now, just by coincidence, in walks Leonard
here and offers the same match out of
the clear blue. How come Salinski sud-
denly decided to fight a rugged scrap after
all?” he shot at Leonard.

  Leonard shook his head. “These news-
paper boys!” he said forgivingly. “All
the time they’re smelling rats. I think
they got rats up their nose. Mr. Duff,”
he said, his voice sharpening, “you’re a
real tough feller but let’s put up or shut
up. You lay it on the table or I’ll slap
you with a libel suit. You think this match
between Abe and Ryan is a fix? Okay.
Say so in your paper tomorrow. But you
get ready to go to court, because that’s
where I’ll be seeing you.”

  Duff looked around at the ring of set
faces, then nodded once and walked out
without another word, Willis licked his
lips. He looked at Alec.

“This isn’t another fast one, is it?”
he asked harshly, “Because if it is. . . .”
“It’s on the level, Fran. I swear. Would
we be such a dope? I’m sending Barney
in to murder the guy.”

  Leonard said, “Ha, ha. He should live
through the third round. In two weeks,
Fran” he said to Willis. “And rest your
mind. When Ryan goes down it’ll be a
poke in the jaw not a poke in the pocket.
Let’s go down your office. We talk it
up.”

  Willis bit his lip, glanced at Alec and
quickly followed the big, flashy man out
of the dressing room. Alec closed the
room.

  “You ain’t hardly said a word,” he said
uneasily to Barney, “Don’t you like the
match ?”

  Barney’s eyes gleamed for a moment.
“Alec,” he said, “I only live when I’m
in the ring.”
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

29

  Alec looked lip sharply at the intensity
in his voice, then stooped to pick up the
towel he had dropped.

  Barney went on, “When Fm in there
swinging, something happens to me. I’m
. . . I’m getting rid of something. I
dunno,” he finished lamely, “Maybe I got
a grudge against the world and that's my
way of getting rid of it. All I know is
that I’d rather fight than eat. Most of
the time. It was the same way out on
the West Coast,” he rambled on, for-
getting that he was supposed to keep
that part of his past hidden, “I could
work just so long on the ranch, but it
would keep building up and building up
until I had to go down to Tacoma to see
Sammy Sloan and have him fix me up
with a fight so I could get it out of my
system. Know what I mean, Alec?”

 “Sure. Dempsey was the same way.
Ever see his fight pictures around the
time of Carpenter and Willard? Looked
like he was mad at everybody. Me, I
call it the champeen’S grudge. You got

  They turned. Vince leaned against the
wall beside the door, his hands in the
pockets of the yellow sport jacket. Alec’s
face turned yellow. He walked across the
room into the sower and slammed the door.
A moment later another door slammed,
and they knew he was gone out through
the connecting dressing room.

 “Why’s he blame me?” Vince com-
plained, “I didn’t ask his wife to leave
him. I ain’t keeping her away. It ain’t
my fault.”

  When Barney spoke it was as if he
hadn’t heard these words at all. “Did you
win on the fight tonight, Vince?” he asked
tightly.

  “Win!” Vince grinned, took a sheaf
of bills from his inside pocket and riffled
them with his thumb. “I cleaned up. You
were on the short end of 10-1.”

BARNEY was off the table in a swoop-
ing stride. He gathered Vince’s yel-
low jacket in his big fist and shoved him
against the wall, holding him there.

  “You told Pfaff I killed Leon Hen-
rouille !”

  Vince gaped, ceasing to struggle.
“You’re crazy!”

  “He said. . . ”

  “I don’t care what he said. I didn’t
tell him nothing, Barney. Honest I didn’t.
Wait a minute,” he said eagerly, “If he
said anything about a killing, maybe he
meant that Canuck, Dupre, that died after
his bout with you in Tacoma. But I didn’t
tell him, Barney. Honest I didn’t.”
“You’re lying. And who told A1 Moore
that I put your eye out?”

  “Not me, Barney. I swear I never
opened mby mouth to Moore.”

  “You’re lying, dammit! You cleaned up
on both fights. You know I go crazy when
somebody throws that in my face. You
knew I’d crucify Moore the minute he
opened my mouth to Moore.”
ately. ...”

  Vince detected a note of uncertainty in
Barney’s voice. His eye gleamed and he
said arrogantly, “Take your hands off me!
Who do you think you are, anyway?”
Barney tightened his grip, fighting the
temper inside him. Vinee swore and swung
at him. Barney saw the fist coming. He
jerked his head to one side and Vince’s
knuckles split the skin on his cheekbone.
The compressed fury exploded in his head
and he lunged at Vince with both hands.
Vince cried out in terror. Barney’s fist
caught him on the left cheekbone and
shelving cartilage over his eye. He crashed
over the chair beside the door and fell
to the floor. He rolled on his back and
lay still.

  The black patch had come off and the
sightless socket stared emptily and redly.
A small trickle of blood curtained his
left eye and ran down his cheek.

  Barney crouched, rigid with horror. The
blood moved down Vince’s cheek like a
searching, accusing finger. He felt sick.
“Vince!” he cried in anguish, “Vince!”
He picked Vince up and gently laid
him on the rubbing table. Frantically he
rushed into the shower for a wet towel.
When he came out, Vince was sitting up
on the table, .his hand to the cut over
his left eye. His fingers came away,
greasy with blood, and for a moment his
face was half mad with fear—the fear
of total blindness. But in the next instant
30	FIGHT

his face changed. He was seeing—he was
seeing the blood on his fingers, he was
seeing Barney standing there, ashen-
cheeked. He hadn’t been blinded—but it
wasn’t relief that showed in his face; it
was rage, hatred, cruelty. With a hoarse
growl, he leaped from the table and flung
himself at Barney.

  He knew! that Barney wouldn’t defend
himself, wouldn’t strike back. He set
himself and threw a hard, roundhouse
right that crashed on the side of Barney’s
face. Deliberately he swung his left and
cut open the opposite side. Barney
groaned, bowed behind his hands and fell
back a step. Vince followed him. He
hooked his fist heavily into Barney’s
unprotected stomach, then rocked him with
a right and left to the sides of the head
again as Barney’s hands dropped. Bar-
ney was just standing there, leaning weakly
against the wall. Another groan was
wrenched from him as Vince’s cutting
fists smashed into his face, first the right
eye, then the left. Vince’s knuckles ham-
mered his lips against his teeth and his
whole mouth went numb. He was hit
several times after that, but he was falling,
and he was out when he hit the floor.

  Vince stood panting for a moment, then
straightened up and shrugged his sport
jacket back in place. He blew on his
knuckles.

  “You crumb!” he said contemptuously.

  He picked up his patch from the floor
and swaggered out.

VII

BARNEY did not go down to the gym
for a workout the next day. On
the second day Alec came to him. Barney
was lying in bed, fully dressed, his face
turned to the wall. He did not stir, even
when he heard the door close, even when
Alec sat on the edge of the bed. Alec lit
a cigarette.

  “This is a heluva way to train for Salin-
ski,” he said mildly.

  Barney did not answer.

  Alec said, “Sick, kid?”

  Still there was no answer. Alec took
a few more puffs from the cigarette. He
himself was gaunt and there were shadows

STORIES

of corroding tragedy under his eyes. His
hand trembled each time he lifted the
cigarette to his mouth.

  When he spoke again it was with effort.
“I heard that scrap between you and your
brother the other night,” he said jerkily,
“I was out in the corridor. Vince wasn’t
the one who put A1 Moore up to taunting
you about putting his eye out, and he
wasn’t the one who tipped off Heinie
Pfaff,” he took a breath, “I was the guy,
Barney. I tipped them off. Vince told me
about it that night I braced you to take
a fall for Salinski. Vince said he had you
in the palm of his hand. That’s what
he told me before we met you. He said
all he had to do to drive you crazy was
to mention his eye, or just bring up the
name of that Canuck Dupre. I had Moore
and Pfaff tipped off because I hoped you’d
rip them apart when they opened their
yaps. They thought you’d fall apart. I
wanted you to be sure to win, Barney.
That’s why I did it. Don’t blame,” he
spoke with difficulty again, “don’t blame
Vince for it.”

  Though Alec did not realize it, this con-
fession only ground salt into Barney’s
wounds, made things worse. Now Barney
realized that he had attacked Vince with
no provocation, had come close to blinding
him entirely. And for what. For some-
thing Alec had done.

  He said in a dead, muffled voice, “Get
out of here.”

  “Aw, come on, Barney. This ain’t no
way. You go a fight with Salinski a week
from Friday.”

  “I’m not going to fight him.”

  “Sure you are kid. You feel bad now
because you bounced Vince around a little,
but he had it coming to him. What’s he
ever done for you? Ruined your life so
far, that’s what. Made you feel responsi-
ble for every crooked deal he got himself
into. He’s got you all mixed up inside.
He ain’t worth it.”

  “Get out of here, Alec. I’m telling you,
get out of here!”

  Alec threw down his cigarette and
jumped up. “Okay,” he said angrily, “but
you’re pulling all of us down with you.
You know what Duff’s gonna say when
he hears the fight’s off. That he scared
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!	31

you out of it, that there was something
crooked, and he’ll make a stink even the
Commission’ll smell. I was counting on
this fight for a stake for myself,” he said
shrilly, “I want lielen back, see? I want
her hack! If I have the dough, she’ll
come back. I’m not gonna let your lousy
brother take her away from me. I want
her back! And you’re not gonna stop me.
You hear? You’re not gonna stop me!”
He fairly glittered with the brittle rage
that wasn’t entirely sane. He swore as he
wrenched open the door. He slammed it
and Barney could hear the trickle of
plaster dust behind the loose wallpaper.
He closed his eyes and turned his battered
face into the pillow. A sense of guilt
and doom flooded over him.

  Alec was back on Thursday, and with
him was Vince, jaunty in a green sport
jacket. There was a small bruise on his
left cheekbone, but his eye sparkled more
brightly than ever. Barney sat hunched
in the tattered club chair beside the win-
dow.

  Alec said coldly, “This . . . Vince wants
to talk to you. I’ll wait outside.” It was
obvious that even being in the same room
with Vince was agony to him.

  Vince sat on the edge of the bed and
chided, “Aw, snap out of it, Barney. By-
gones are bygones. I had it coming to
me.” He laughed. “I’m the guy that
should be taking it hard, not you.”

 Barney looked up. He stammered,
“Vince

  “Yeah. I been kind of a louse, ain’t
I? Always standing in your way, always
making you get me out of one mess
after another, doublecrossing you,” Vince
shook his head and looked down at his
his hands; he clenched them, “I’m sorry,
Barney,” he said in a low voice, “I was
a heel and I’m sorry.” He put his hands
over his face, but watched Barney between
his fingers.

  Barney jumped up. He sat on the bed
beside Vince and put his arm around his
shoulder. Vince grinned behind his hands.
It was wonderful. That gift of gab was
worth money.

  Barney faltered, “Vince!” His hand
tightened on Vince’s shoulder. It said
more than he could articulate.

  Vince dropped his hands into his lap
and slowly turned his head. His mouth
was a crescent of contrition.

  “I been a louse to you, Barney,” he
said lugubriously.

  Something bubbled up inside Barney
and he shook Vince’s shoulder. “Forget
it,” he said happily, “Forget it, Vince.”
“No. I won’t forget it, but I’m going
to try to make up for it. I’m not gonna
stand in your way again, Barney.”

  Barney jumped up, grinning from ear
to ear.

  Buttons popped from his shirt as his
eager hands impatiently tugged at them.
“This calls for a celebration, Vince, I’ll
buy you the biggest . . .”

  Vince gave him a small, wistful smile.
“You’re a great guy, Barney. But if
there’s any celebrating to do, I’m paying
for it,” he could scarcely keep the corners
of his mouth still as the laugh struggled
for release, “This is on me, Barney. You
get shaved and dressed,” he patted Barney
on'the back, “I’m gonna show you a real
time. We’ll go to the Gilt Edge for
dinner, then to the burlesque, and take
it up from there.”

  When Barney went lightly into the bath-
room, he opened the hall door.

  “You can take off your rubber panties,”
he sneered at Alec, “It’s all fixed. Give
me the fifty.”

  Alec’s hands shook violently as he took
a fifty dollar bill from his pocket and put
it into Vince’s outstretched hand.

  “Now beat it,” said Vince. He closed
the door.

  He was sitting on the bed again when
Barney came from the bathroom, shaved
and combed.

  “This week ain’t done you much good,
kid,” he said, watching Barney narrowly,
“Maybe you’d better call off that bout with
Salinski.”

  “Nothing could keep me out of that ring
now,” Barney grinned, knotting his tie
before the mirror over the chest of
drawers.

  Vince let out a breath of relief. “Salin-
ski’s tough,” he warned, “He’s tougher
than anybody you’ve fought, kid.”

  Barney turned, swinging into his coat,
“Like John Paul Jones said,” he grinned,
32

FIGHT STORIES

“I’ve just begun to fight.”

  “A week ain’t much time to train.”
“It’s enough. I had a good rest this
week. Maybe that’s what I needed. I feel
all tuned up like a concert piano. Let’s
go. I’m hungry enough to eat a wolf.”
“Meaning me?”

  They laughed and went out arm ;n arm.
Vince had a cab waiting before the hotel.
Barney got in first. As Vince was closing
the door, a petite, black-haired girl darted
across the sidewalk crying,

  “Vince! Vince!”

  Vince snapped at the driver, “Get go-
ing.”

  The cab leaped from the curb. Barney
twisted to look back at the girl standing
forlornly on the side walk.

  “That’s . . . that’s . . he snapped his
fingers, trying to remember.

  “That’s a little tart named Vera some-
thing, that’s been chasing me for a week,”
Vince said quickly.

  Barney took a last glance at the small,
receding figure. “I could have sworn it
was little Jeanne Henrouille,” he said.

  Vince laughed. “You got the Henrou-
illes on the mind,” he scoffed, “Jeanne was
never as skinny as that. You’re not wor-
ried about Leon Henrouille, are you, kid?”
“What do you think?” asked Barney
somberly.

  “Well, forget it. I got good news for
you. I got a letter from Sammy Sloan, and
he says Leon’s out of the hospital and
he’s okay. What do you think of that?”
From the tail of his eye, Vince watched
the mute thankfulness flood into Barney’s
face, then quickly added;

  “But Sammy says, stay under cover.
The warrant’s still out, and Leon ain’t
quite right in the head. They expect he’ll
get over that though. Hell, Barney,” he
shook his brother’s arm, “don’t forget,
there was four of them that jumped you,
and they’d be crying out of the other isde
of their mouth if you was the one that was
walking on his heels.”

  “Yeah. I guess so, Vince. I just don’t
like it hanging over me, that’s all.”

 “Trust Sammy. He’ll take care of
everything. But for the time being,” he
said with a satisfied smirk, “let’s enjoy
ourself.”

BARNEY was at the gym early the
next morning. He had a week, just
one week to get in shape for Salinski. In
spite of what he had said to Vince, those
days of brooding lassitude had made him
a little soft, had dulled his eyes a little,
had taken the edge from his timing.

  He ran ten miles a day. Most fighters
ran five, but Barney had the legs and wind
of a marathoner. He worked on the light
bag to develop speed, on the heavy bag
for power. He skipped rope to sharpen his
foot work.

  But mostly Alec worked to fashion his
left into a killing weapon. In a back room,
he had Barney go against two lightweights
with his right arm strapped to his side.

  “You’re a right-hander,” he told Barney,
“and that’s where Salinski’ll expect rock-
a-bye-baby to come from. I want you to
forget for a couple days you even have a
right. Your left’s a killer, but you haven’t
used it enough.”

  Through all that hard week of training,
Alec’s expression never changed. His eye
never kindled with enthusiasm, and his
voiae always had the same leaden timbre.
His narrow face was still and bleak.

  Barney’s speed returned, his timing, the
fire in his fists. Reporters, who came to
watch his public work-outs, left the gym
with a knowing glint in their eyes. By the
night of the fight, Salinski was only a
5-3 favorite. Of all the sports writers,
Jimmy Duff alone remained cynically aloof.
Duff was just waiting to pounce.

  Barney and Alec had to fight their way
from the cab to the back entrance as the
fans thronged the sidewalk. They all
wanted to touch Barney, and they kept
shouting to him as familiarly as if they
had known him all their lives.

  “Knock him bow-legged, Barney!”

  “Kill the bum!”

  Barney grinned, mitted them, and fol-
lowed the two husky cops through the
path they made for him. One character
in a dirty tweed cap boldly tried to walk
in with them, but the cop at the door
collared him and he was forcibly pranced
across the sidewalk despite his protests;

  “Hey, cut it out! I’m wit Barney.
Lemme go. He’ll make it tough for yiz.
Lemme go!”
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!	33

  The cops laughed and left him standing
at the curb, shaking his fists.

  Alec was pallid and shaking as Barney
stretched out on the table and relaxed. He
had warmed up with ten minutes of
shadow boxing and now he was just lying
there, breathing deeply and evenly. Salin-
ski’s chief second came in and growled;
“Let’s get it over.”

  And Barney’s second began to tape his
hands. Alec ducked out to go to Salinski’s
dressing room to watch the same formality.
There wasn’t much chance of either using
plaster of paris on the tape or slipping an
iron in the gloves, not with both knowing
Duff was watching this bout with cynical
eyes.

  Salinski’s second left after the job was
done and Barney lay back on the table,
closing his eyes. He heard the door open.
A strange voice said, “Beat it, you.”

  He sat up. His own second, wide-
eyed, was slipping through the doorway be-
hind a burly man in a dusty derby. Beside
the man stood Vince, white-lipped. They
were linked together with handcuffs. The
man showed a badge.

  “Get on your clothes, Nolan,” he said
shortly, “We’re taking a little trip.”
Vince quavered, “Barney . . . .”

  The man’s hand came up from his side.
He was holding a gun.

  “Just get dressed, Nolan,” he advised,
“I got a warrant here and I got the extra-
dition papers. Assault with intent to kill.
They want to see you back in Tacoma.
This monkey here,” he gave the handcuff
a jerk, “he’s a material witness or some-
thing. Come on, get your clothes on.”
Barney’s hands tightened. So here it
was. “Okay,” he said evenly.

  Vince wailed, “Barney! Don’t let him
take me back. They don’t want me as a
witness. Those Henrouille’s just want to
get their hands on me. They’ll kill me,
Barney!”

The detective said stolidly, “Stop blub-
bering. You get what’s coming to you.
Snap it up, Nolan. I ain’t got all night.”
He stepped back as Barney slid from the
table. Barney’s mind coiled sickenly.

  “Does he have to come, too?” he fal-
tered, nodding at Vince.

3—Fight—Fall

  “He’s a witness, ain’t he?”

  “I know, but . . . what he says is the
truth. The Henrouilles just want to get
their hands on him.”

  “Cut the stalling.”

  “Listen. Just listen to me for a minute.
I’m the one you got the warrant for. Let
him go and I won’t give you any trouble.”
The detective laughed harshly. “Don’t
worry about that, bud. You ain’t gonna
give me no trouble anyway.”

  “How much?” Barney pleaded.

  “How much what?”

  “How much to let him go? He isn’t
really needed as a witness. There were
three other Henrouilles there that night.
That should be witness enough. How much
to let him go?”

  The detective’s eyes licked quickly
around the room. “How much you got?”
he asked in a business like voice.

  “Five hundred.” That was all Barney
did have.

  The detective laughed again and waved
his gun. “Get dressed,” he said, “Go on,
get dressed and stop talking baby talk.”
Vince broke in, wheedling. “Look,” he
said, “Take the money and put it on Bar-
ney to win. You’ll clean up.”

  “Just like that!” the detective jeered,
“I heard this guy Salinski is pretty good.
They’re betting 2-1 on him. And this
punk’s gonna win just like that. Nuts!”
“They’ll kill him if you take him back,”
Barney said.

  “That’s not my business. When I get
him back there, my job’s ended.”

  “Look,” Barney’s hands were sweating;
“S-suppose I said you couldn’t lose if you
bet on Salinski. Would you let him go
then ?”

  The detective pursed his mouth. “Well,”
he said slowly, “like that, eh?”

  “Like that.”

  “Well, now. That’s a little different.
That’s kind of a sure thing, you might say.
I got a couple thousand of my own I’d
put down on a bet like that. But,” his
voice rasped, “I’m keeping this punk
cuffed to me till I see you flat on the
canvas. See you later, Nolan. You’re
going back no matter what. Come on.”
He gave the handcuff a tug, and Vince
shambled out of the dressing room.
34

FIGHT STORIES

VIII

SALINSKI came out fast at the bell,
warily watching Barney’s long left. He
worked to Barney’s right and slapped in
two left jabs of his own. Barney’s head
jerked twice and he covered automatically,
hunching his shoulders a little higher. He
flat-footedly retreated before Salinski’s ad-
vance. Salinski kept always to his right,
peppering away with that left.

  He stabbed with his left, but Salinski
bobbed sideways and hammered him on
the ribs with a left. Barney winced. Salin-
ski could hit, he could hit harder than any-
one he’d ever met. He covered and re-
treated slowly. All of a sudden, Salinski
ducked his head, went in under Barney’s
right and dug into his body with both
hands. Barney automatically tied him up.

  “You’re going great,” Alec whispered
as he sponged him off. “Just take it easy.
He’ll have to come to your left when he
wants to get in with that right of his,
then let him have it.”

  But Salinski seemed to have forgotten
he had a right. He kept going in under
Barney’s right and slamming him with
those jolting lefts. He rolled away from
every left Barney threw.

  He moved a little faster in Round Two.
The crowd was yelling for blood, and he
wanted to give it to them. He picked
Barney’s left off in mid-air and slipped
in with a right that caught Barney flush on
the nose. A razor of pain sliced into
Barney’s brain and the blood was a shawl
over his mouth an chin. Salinski grinned
as he ducked under Barney’s left and
raged at his stomach with ripping hands.
Barney doubled under the tornado of pain
and Salinski stepped back and calmly cut
his face to pieces with slicing hooks. This
was the kind of work Salinski liked. Chop
them up, then cut them down—but chop
them up first.

  Barney reeled to his corner and lay
gasping on his stool while Alec stopped the
flow of blood over his eyes with astringent.
Alec was hissing advice, but Barney did
not hear him. His body was a torment
of pain and his broken nose throbbed,
stabbing deep into his head with each
throb.

  Looking down into the press row, he
saw Duff’s plump, jeering face, and he
knew that he wasn’t putting up a battle.
He’d have to do better to save Vince.

  Salinski came out confidently in the
third. He had nothing to worry about
now. He had solved Barney’s left, and he
wasn’t afraid of the right. He came in,
weaving and bobbing, swinging hard for
the body. Barney shuffled his left foot
forward and nailed him on the side of the
face with a straight right, the right Salinski
thought no longer counted.

  He went back on his heels and his hands
flew up. Barney stepped in, sank a left to
the solar plexus and swung a right over
the dropping guard. Salinski’s eyes went
glassy and he dropped to his knees. Bar-
ney stared at him with horror, and the
referee had to thrust him forcibly to the
neutral corner. Barney’s heart thudded
sickeningly as the referee’s inexorable arm
rose and fell. Salinski was on one knee
at “seven” and up at “nine.” The referee
siezed his arms, wiped off his gloves
against his shirt and stepped back.

  Salinski crouched as Barney walked to-
ward him. There was caution in Salinski’s
eyes and, though Barney boxed weakly, he
kept the fight at arm’s length for the re-
mainder of the round.

  Alec wasn’t in the corner when Barney
went back to his stool.

  The second sponged him briskly and
said, “He seen his wife up there and he
went back to have a word with her. He’ll
be right back. He says to keep after Abe
with that left. You’ll get broke in half,
he says, if Abe finds out you got a right.
But, jeez, it seems to me . . .”

  Barney said wearily, resting his head
against the ropes, “Okay okay. Give me
a little water.”

  He went out in the Fourth determined
to take no chances of repetition of that
almost-disastrous knockdown, but Salinski
was not the kind of fighter you could
merely block. You had to punch with him.
He was too fast for purely defensive
tactics, too smart. The moment he found
Barney holding back, he rocked him with
a volley of rights and lefts. Blood-smeared,
lips puffed, one eye half closed from a
vicious left hook, Barney went down be-
ONE FIST WAS IRISH!

35

fore one minute of the round had passed.
He took “eight”, but Salinski was raging
at him the moment he was up.

  The crowd was on its feet baying as
he drove Barney back into the ropes with
a ferocious body attack and pinned him
there, rattling his jaw with one-two’s,
working down to the stomach again. Bar-
ney clutched, holding himself together by
sheer nerve, keeping himself on his feet
only because he knew he had to make it
look good. Weakly, he fought back.
Through the haze of pain, he saw Salin-
ski’s face before him and he hooked a
right into it.

  The face bobbed and he stabbed at it
with a left. Salinski crowded closer, bury-
ing his head against Barney’s chest. Bar-
ney was numbly surprised. Salinski
shouldn’t have done that. He was throw-
ing away his advantage, because now Bar-
new was able to tie him up and they stood
locked until the referee parted them.

  He did not know the bell had rung
until the referee grabbed him roughly by
the shoulder and growled, “Break it up,
break it up. Get back to your corner.”
He stumbled across the ring. Alec stood
on the apron waiting for him. Barney’s
face was bad, but Alec’s was ghastly. The
yellow skin was so tight against his skull
that his bones stood out in sharp prom-
inence, and his eyes burned deep in their
sockets.

  Alec’s fluttering hands shoved him down
on the stool and Alec sobbed, “This
slaughter’s gotta stop.”

  Barney mumbled, “Don’t let them stop
it, Alec. Don’t let them stop it. Not yet.”
“Listen,” Alec bent over him, his breath
hissing between his clenched teeth “It’s a
frame. There ain’t no detective from
Tacoma. That was just a mug your
brother rung in to make sure you’d lose.
Vince’s got five grand down on the fight.
That ‘detective’ is just a hot-shot who
hangs around the Arena here. Tell him!”
he snapped at the second.

  The second’s eyes followed his pointing
arm. Vince was sitting three rows back,
smirking, beside the dusty-derbied man.
The second nodded.

  “His name’s Harry Fox. He works the
numbers.”

ffOEE, kid?” Alec snarled, “It was a

  O	frame. And I framed you, too. I
had you work on that left. I promised
Salinski I’d keep your right dead. That’s
the reason he ain’t afraid of your right.
I got dough down on the fight too—on
Salinski. But,” his mouth twisted, “it
don’t make no difference no more. I just
saw Helen and she says she won’t have
nothing to do with me if I had a million.
But I fixed her!” he ground his teeth
and his eyes rolled wildly, “She’s dead
out in the corridor with a bullet in her
head.” He swept over this as if it was
no longer of any consequence, “And here’s
something else. Look down here. Recog-
nize that girl,” a black-haired girl stood
beside the ring and stared up with wide,
frightened eyes, “That’s Jeanne Henrou-
ille, Barney. The little girl from the West
Coast. She’s got something to tell you.
Tell him Jeanne.”

  “Leon’s fine, Barney,” her voice trem-
bled, “He’s ashamed they tried to beat you
up. There’s no warrant out for you. And
he don’t want me to marry Vince anymore.
I ran away. Sammy Sloan told me you
were here. I saw Vince, but . . . but . . .”
tears welled up in her eyes. “H-he had
some men he wanted to do business with,
and he wanted me to . . he wanted me . . .
to be nice to them . . .

  She seemed to disappear before Barney’s
sodden eyes and vaguely he heard someone
cry, “Catch her!” Alec was snarling at
him again;

  “Go out and kill Salinski this round,
kid. Tear him apart the way he’s been
tearing you apart. Cut his heart out.”

 Barney mumbled, “Too late, too
late . .

  “The hell it is. He had you against
the ropes that last round and you snagged
him with a right and left and had him
holding on. Go out and kill him.”

 Barney heard the bell. He was no
longer pain-racked, but he felt sodden and
numb. He saw Salinski’s snakey left com-
ing over. He moved his head and was
surprised when the glove missed him. He
jabbed his own left into Salinski’s face
and was surprised when it landed. It
wasn’t a hard blow, but it shouldn’t have
landed. It couldn’t go on. It was just luck.
36

FIGHT STORIES

   As if to confirm it, Salinski bobbed and
came in hard with a punishing attack to the
midsection. Barney’s body arched away
from those stinging gloves, but instead of
clinching, he hooked a right and left to
Salinski’s ribs, then brought up his right
and hooked to Salinski’s ear—and Salinski
was moving away. His beady eyes watched
the two red blobs that were Barney’s fists.
So there was still thunder in them. Well,
he could wait. He’d cut him up a little
more, take some of the sap of him, then
chop him down. The fight was young. He
moved to Barney’s right on those spindly
legs of his. Barney turned slowly.

  Something was building up inside him.
Something exploded, blowing all the dust
out of the corners the long years had made.
Now he knew why he’d had to go to
Sammy Sloan every so often for a fight.
Vince. He remembered the storming fury
that rode his gloves, and now he knew
why it was. He had always seen Vince
there in the ring with him, Vince’s jeering
face. That Canuck, Dupre, had looked
like Vince.

  He had known, right from the beginning
that Vince was something evil that had to
-be destroyed, but he had never faced it.
He had tried to take the blame himself,
to tell himself that he was the evil. But
Vince had always dirtied everything he
touched. He felt suddenly clean and re-
freshed. He didn’t have to worry about
Vince anymore.

  For the first time, he seemed to see
Salinski there in the ring with him—a
tall man with thin legs and a chest that
was too heavy for him, a man with cruelty
in his little eyes, a man with a knowing
twist on his slitted mouth. Barney went
toward him, up on his toes, weaving. He
jabbed with his left and Salinski bobbed
as he knew he would—bobbed straight into
a driving right. Salinski staggered and
rushed for a clinch, but Barney nailed him
with a short right and drove him back
with a left.

   Salinski stood straddle-legged and tried
to slug it out, thinking this a short-lived
flurry. But Barney was waiting for him.
He slipped a right and his left went up in

a short arc. Salinski’s legs went watery
and he half stumbled and was half ham-
mered back to the ropes. His eyes were
unfocussed but he fought automatically.
Barney got him into the corner and stand-
ing flat-footed wove from side to side as
he drove in a savage right and left.

  Salinski was out on his feet. His guard
was as loose as a torn pocket. Barney
could have hit him with anything. But that
festering fury no longer drove him. In-
stead of tearing into him as he had into
A1 Moore, as he had into Heinie Pfaff,
he stepped back and mercifully let Salinski
fall to the floor. He helped them drag
Salinski to his stool.

  As he walked to his own corner, he
heard a shout and three loud claps as if
someone had slapped two boards together.
A woman screamed, and there was the
thunder of frantic feet as the crowd at
the left side of the ring rushed for the
exits.

  A blue-coated policeman ran across the
ring, tugging at his hip, and leaped over
the ropes. Barney’s second was standing
on his stool, staring over the bobbing
heads. His hand trembled at his slack
mouth. He looked down at Barney.

  “Your brother!” he gibbered, “Alec just
shot him, then shot himself. They’re lay-
ing on the floor.”

 Barney turned. The crowd bubbled
around the spot where Vince had been
sitting and three policemen were fighting
their way through it. Barney turned away,
stooped and picked up his robe. He tried
to feel sorry for Vince, but all the others
crowded into his mind Helen Frazer, dead
from her husband’s bullet, Alec, Jeanne
Henrouille, Leon Henrouille. How many
others had there been?

  Jeanne Henrouille sat frozen in the seat
at ringside where kindly hands had placed
her after her faint. Around her was
turmoil as men leaped 011 their chairs,
craning their necks to see better, but she
just sat staring straight ahead.

  Barney jumped down from the apron.
“Come on, Jeanne,” he said, “There’s
nothing for us here.” He led her up the
aisle.
LEATHER
LARCENY

By Larry Sternig

This kid they practically dragged into
the ring . . . made him fight . . . made
him yellow . . . made him tough . . .
made him champ.

THERE was no one watching now.
The jeweler was busy at the other
end of the counter, and the few cus-
tomers in the store were engaged in busi-
ness of their own.

  My hand went toward the watch, and
then stopped. My heart was beating fast, and
my entire body trembled. But the urge was
there again, like some demon possessing me,
and my hand went on. It went on and closed
around the watch.

  I was aware, then, of a movement at my
side.

  But I kept my hand closed and put it in
my pocket.

  A voice murmured, “I thought you were
On parole, Jimmy. Aren’t you being
foolish ?”

  I turned. It was Tim Dolan.

  I said, “What the hell are you talking
about ?”

  “About the watch you just stole. About
a top welterweight going in for petty lar-
ceny.”

  I tried to bluff it out, but Tim merely
said, “I could have you searched. A man on
parole isn’t above suspicion at any time,
you know.”

  I thought of the time I’d spent in that
place of the iron doors, and my mouth
turned dry. There wasn’t anything I could
say.

  “Come along with me,” Tim suggested.
“My office is just a few doors from here.”

   I followed him dumbly, fearfully, hate for
Tim Dolan stirring in me, a hate that was
to grow from that moment on.

  We walked down a half block and turned
into a small office building. We went up two

floors to a door marked: t. dolan man-
ager—PROMOTER.

  He waved me to a chair next to his desk.
He wasted no words. He said, “I haven’t
had a champ for a long time, Jimmy. Not
for over a year.”

  I looked at him suspiciously. Tim Dolan
had a very good name in the fight game.
Tim Dolan wasn’t the kind to interest him-
self in a washed-up fighter. Nor would he
stoop to blackmail. I hoped.

  “I’ll take forty per cent,” Tim went on
calmly. “That’s what I always take. You
can move out to the farm. You’ll be away
from temptation there.”

  “I’ve got a manager,” I reminded him.
“And I can’t fight, anyway. The commis-
sion won’t let me.”

  “You had a manager,” Tim said. “A
manager who tore up your contract the day
you got into trouble. I’ll take care of the
commission.”

  “Is this blackmail?”

  Tim’s eyes were blank. “This is black-
mail.”

  “You could go to jail for that,” I re-
minded him.

37
38

FIGHT STORIES

  He nodded. “We could go together. We
could be cell-mates.”

  “Okay,” I said. “You win this round.
But if I ever get the chance—” I choked
back the threat that rose in my throat.

  “I was a pretty fair middle myself once,”
Tim said. He held out his hand. “I’ll take
the watch. Be back here in an hour with
your clothes.’’

THE farm was neat and green and sur-
rounded with fresh air. Under any
other circumstances, it would have been
ideal for me. I stood there on the porch,
that afternoon, taking it all in and some of
the distraction left my mind.

  I was city born and city bred, and I’d
known nothing but its clamor and its smoke
all my life. I took a deep breath, and my
dislike for Tim Dolan dimmed for a mo-
ment.

  A voice said, “Nice view, isn’t it ?”

  I turned. A girl stood there, a plain girl,
but one who created the illusion of beauty
because of superb health. A girl with clear
eyes and a complexion there are no words
for, and a smile that went straight to my
heart.

  “It is,” I agreed. I was staring at her,
and realizing it, I blushed and looked awk-
wardly at my hands.

  “I think you’ll like it here,” she said,
smiling. “Dad and I will try to see that
you do.” She held out a hand. “I’m Tim’s
daughter, Ellen.”

  “Oh,” I said, and there was a tinge of
bitterness in my voice. I barely touched
the hand.

  I went inside, and up to the room Tim
had assigned me. I sat there on the bed,
and my mind passed Over the day’s events.
I felt annoyed.

  Tim put me on a routine the next day.
A routine of road work and bag punching,
and swimming. Tim intended to build up
the body that prison life had softened.

  I went through it obediently. I went
through it like a bad child who was being
disciplined, and though I knew the situa-
tion was ridiculous, I also knew there
wasn’t a thing I could do about it. Because
Tim Dolan had connections, and Tim’s
word could put me back to that place that
gave me nightmares.

  I saw little of Ellen, and I was thankful
for that. The few times I’d seen her, some-
thing strange and new had happened to
my heart, and I’d felt a sharp regret over
the first day’s rudeness.

  All that was needed to make this set-up
tougher was for me to fall in love with her.

  Then a couple of other boys from Tim’s
stable came up to train, and I had a chance
to mix it with them. One of the boys, Vic
Grant, was a welter, and a good one.

  I mixed with Vic for two short rounds,
and took the pasting of my life. Tim saw it
all, and a wrinkle deepened between his
eyes, and he called a halt.

  He told me, “This Vic is good, but not
that good. Haven’t lost your heart, have
you, boy?”

  “My timing is off,” I said, “and my wind
isn’t all back. But this Vic could probably
take me, anyway. I was never a champ, you
know.”

  “You never had the title,” Tim corrected
me. He paused. “Don’t think all the wrong
things about me, Jimmy. There’s a chance
you may be wrong.”

  “You can tell me what to do,” I said.
“But I can think what I please.” I turned
on that, and went to the showers.

  Vic Grant was unlacing his shoes when
I came in. He was a short man, even for a
yvelter, with a slugger’s build. He said to
me, “Tim figuring on building you up, or
just till lie can peddle you?”

  “I wouldn’t know,” I said.

  Vic shook his square head. “Well, it’s a
screwy set-up. Here I figured I’m really
going to get some promotion, and he picks
a has-been from the clink.”

  I looked him over slowly, while the bit-
terness in me boiled. I looked him over
slowly—and said nothing.

  When I came out again, after my shower,
Vic was talking to Tim, and by the tone of
his voice, he wasn’t pleased.

  I went up to my room.

  Tim came in a few minutes later. He
said, “I fixed you up for a prelitn spot for
next week. It’s not much, but it’s the best
I could do. You aren’t ready for any big
guns yet, anyway.”

  I asked, “What did Vic have to say?”

  A muscle ridged in Tim’s jaw. “He said
that if he didn’t get a crack at the title in
LEATHER

LARCENY

39

six months, I wouldn’t be his manager.”

  I shook my head. “I mean what did he
say about me ?”

  Tim looked at me for a moment. Then,
“He said you were yellow.”

  I smiled. “Maybe I am.”

  “I don’t think so,” Tim said, and left.

  I thought back to the night of my crime.
For the first time since the trial, I'd be
facing a crowd of people. People who knew
my story. It had been news, big news a
year ago, and they wouldn’t have forgotten.
I knew enough about fight crowds to fear
that.

  I didn’t mix with Vic in the days that
followed. Tim imported a couple of boys
and I began to get the range again. But I
was a long way from my best.

  Ellen drove me in the afternoon of the
fight. She’d been civil since that first day,
but only civil. Today, she seemed to be
going out of her way to be friendly.

  She said, “Dad told me—about—about
your trouble. And he told me—” She
faltered.

  “About blackmailing me?”

  She kept her eyes on the road ahead. “If
that’s the way you put it.” She paused.
“That night, that night it happened. Did
you need the money?”

  My laugh was short. “I didn’t even know
there was money in the purse.”

  She nodded, as though suddenly under-
standing. “It was at a party, wasn’t it? You
were excited, nervous?”

  “It was at a party,” I repeated, as
though talking from some grim dream.
“One of those fancy parties, where the elite
invite a fighter for the atmosphere or some-
thing. I walked into a room, and there were
some women’s coats on the bed. And some
purses. I don’t know what happened after
that. I simply couldn’t help what I did. And
the purse I took happened to have a lot
more money in it than any purse should.”
I was looking down at my hands, and the
shame in me brought a flush to my face.

  Ellen’s voice was soft. “You mustn’t
think of yourself as a criminal. You’ve got
to forget that. You—you were sick. There’s
a word for it, and I think you know it. It’s
a sickness.”

  “You think your dad would take advan-
tage of a sick man? You admit that?”

  She didn’t say anything for a minute,
and when she did talk, she evaded my ques-
tion. She said, “Dad isn’t very often wrong
about people. I hope he wasn’t wrong about
you.”

IN the dressing room that night, the
tenseness that had grown in me the past
weeks reached its peak. I could feel it
physically, in the tightening of my muscles,
in the hammering of my heart. Tim was
with me every second, and Tim’s eyes were
off of me for very few of those seconds.

  The call came, finally, and I went out
with Tim and a handler. Out, and up the
aisle.

  I could feel Tim’s presence, could
sense that he was walking very closely be-
side me. The handler flanked my other side.

  One of the boys was coming down, the
winner, and getting a hand. Then the crowd
spotted me, and I held my breath, and
prayed. There was a silence, a sort of sub-
dued murmur. Then someone yelled,
“Lookit! The man of steal!”

  A laugh went up, a short laugh that dis-
solved in a bedlam of talk. I kept my eyes
on the glare ahead, and the bitterness
surged in my taut body.

  We went up, and through the ropes, and
a part of the tautness melted. For this was
the old glare, the old smell, the old noise.
This was home.

  I looked over in the opposite corner, at
my opponent of the evening. A hairy, bulky
lad named Stover. A lad who looked like
he’d been to the wars once too often.

  The ref was introducing us, and I dread-
ed the reception I expected. But the only
sign of the crowd’s sentiment was the weak-
ness of applause.

  I’d had a crazy notion during the past
few days of throwing this fight, just as a
way of getting back at Tim Dolan. But I
knew now that I couldn’t do it.

  Maybe I wouldn’t have to.

  Stover came out with a rush at the bell,
crouching, and trying his best to look mur-
derous. I put a jab in his face, and stood
my ground. Stover stopped, and began to
circle.

   I circled with him, kept pushing that left
hand in his face, vexing him into a lead.
Stover came in under the left, and put a
40	FIGHT STORIES

heavy hook into my middle. I tied him up.

  We broke, and I was short with a left. I
missed a right, and Stover closed again.
This time Stover’s hook really shook me.
I back-pedaled, jabbing. My chin was
buried.

 But Stover came in again, and he
brought a right to my throat that gagged
me.

The lights began to waver as I hung on.

Stover was pummelling my midriff
viciously, slamming away with both hands.

  Then the lights went out.

  I heard a great buzzing in my ears, and
the pinwheel overhead seemed to be de-
scending on me. Somebody was calling out
numbers. I heard “6.”

  I rose groggily to one knee at 8. At 9
I was up.

  Stover rushed in for the finisher, and I
put the remnants of my strength into a
whistling right. It landed with a splat on
Stover’s nose.

  The bell.

  Tim said, “this guy is strictly a mixer.
Keep him clear. He shouldn’t be able to get
within shouting distance of you.”

  Stover came out for the second with a
very red nose, and a little more caution. He
moved around in a shell, and I took the of-
fensive.

  I was short with a straight left, and then
threw a right that wasn’t short. I connccted
to Stover’s eyes with another straight left,
and then my right whistled to the button.

  Stover went back into the ropes, and I
followed him in. But Stover tied me up.

  The ref parted us, and we moved to the
center of the ring, Stover circling, my left
keeping him clear. Again Stover rushed,
and this time I was ready.

  I put my weight into a straight left, and
then crossed a hard right. Stover went back
—and crashed.

  I walked to a neutral corner, and the
thunder of the crowd was sweet music to
my ears.

  My timing was back this round, and even
if Stover should get up, I knew I could take
him now.

  Stover did get up.

  I moved in, and feinted him into a lead.
I was set, and really put my weight into a
right smash.

HIS time Stover didn’t get up.

  He was a club fighter, this Stover,
and he’d been licked a lot of times. But
victory is always sweet. I almost felt normal
back in the dressing room.

  Tim said, “You looked like your old self
for about a minute there. When you are,
we’ll get you some good boys.”

  I nodded, my eyes averted.

  The next day’s papers gave the bout
more ink than it was worth. It had what
newspapermen call “human interest” and
the whole account of my crime and subse-
quent imprisonment went with it. I winced
as I read it, and the hate I had for Tim
Dolan was fired anew.

  Later that morning, when I came in from
a two mile jog, Tim introduced me to a tall,
expensively dressed man.

  “Dr. Barton is a psychiatrist,” Tim ex-
plained, “and he wants to ask you some
questions.”

  I didn’t like the sound of that, but I sub-
mitted grudgingly. For almost an hour I
answered questions as honestly as I could.

  Later I heard Dr. Barton talking to Tim.
I heard the phrase, “compulsion neurosis”
and “unstable emotional condition ” I felt
like a human guinea pig.

  Despite my poor mental condition, how-
ever, my physical health was coming back
to its former peak. My timing was still bad,
but my speed and wind were nearly what
they were. I mixed with a better than aver-
age lightweight that afternoon and scored
often on that fleet target.

  Ellen was watching me from the ringside,
and she smiled as we finished the round in
a flurry of leather. “You looked like a
champ for that last round,” she told me.

  I managed a grin. “I feel like an insect
on a slide. Who was that doctor that gave
me the third degree this morning?”

  “He’s one of the best psychiatrists in the
country,” Ellen said. “And he agreed with
Tim about you.”

  “And what was their verdict ?”

  She was silent for a moment. Then she
said with a smile, “they think you’re one of
the best welterweight prospects they’ve
seen.”

  “All right,” I said. “I’m a little ooy, and
I can’t take the truth. Whatever it is, it
can’t be worse than a purse snatcher.”
LEATHER

  She made a face. “Whatever it is, you’ll
know when they’re sure.”

  Suddenly I blurted, “I was thinking—
there’s a good movie in the village tonight
—and—nh—I—”

  “I’d love it,” she said.

  It was a good movie. And there was a
great big musical comedy moon hanging
in the sky as we drove home. We stood on
the porch for a minute before turning in,
and the moon combined with Ellen’s fra-
grance was a little too much for me.

  My lips came down to hers, and her lips
answered.

  I said shakily, “I—I’ve had a girl or
two. But not like—I mean, for me, this is it.
I knew it since that first day.”

  She nodded. “Me, too.”

  I didn’t get much sleep that night. The
one thing that could happen to make the
situation unbearable had happened. I’d have
to talk it over with Tim in the morning.

  But in the morning, Ellen told me.
“You’d better not say anything to dad about
us right now. He and Vic had a quarrel
this morning, and he gave Vic his contract
back.”

  “I figured that was coming,” I said. “And
I think Tim lost a gold mine. That Vic will
be champ soon.”

  Ellen nodded. “That’s what started the
quarrel. Vic’s been promised a chance at
the title by another manager if he could buy
his contract back.”

  “I’ll bet Tim got plenty for it,” I said.
Ellen looked at me queerly. “Sometimes
I wonder why I love you. He didn’t get a
dime for it.”

  I smiled, but said nothing. Loyalty was a
virtue I particularly admired, and I loved
Ellen all the more for it.

TIM arranged another bout for me the
next week. It was a wind-up this time,
in a small club, and my opponent was a trial
horse who’d crashed many a hopeful to the
canvas.

  I sent him to slumberland in the fourth
round.

  And the next morning, I had my talk
.with Tim about Ellen.

  Tim said, “Ellen’s old enough to know
her own mind. But it’ll be kind of tough on
her, don’t you think, married to a man who

LARCENY	41

hates her dad?”

  I had no answer for that.

  In the next three weeks, I had three more
bouts, and won them all.

  And the night I won my last bout, Vic
Grant won the welterweight title.

  I told Ellen. “Tim never had a real line
on that boy. But I knew. I mixed with a lot
of them, and I can tell a champ when I see
one.

  “Maybe dad was blind,” Ellen said
slowly. “When it came to welterweights,
maybe he could only see one boy.”

  I grinned. “Maybe—and maybe not.”
That afternoon, Tim Dolan asked me.
“Would you like a shot at the title? Would
you like a crack at your old friend?”
“You’re the boss,” I said.

  “They want you now—in a couple of
weeks,” Tim said. “In six months you’d be
too hot to handle. But by then we might not
get the chance.” He paused. “Think you
can take him?”

  “I don’t think I ever saw the day I could
take him,” I said modestly. “But I can
try.”

  Tim shook his head. “That isn’t enough.
I’ll turn them down.” His eyes were on the
ground. “It might be your last chance at the
crown, Jimmy.”

  “I won’t lose any sleep over that.”

  The afternoon papers carried the story
of a manager who’d refused a title fight.
It was comparable to a man biting a dog,
and good for a column.

  I realized then that I’d put Tim on the
spot. For it was he who’d refused the fight.
I didn’t feel too good about that.

  I went to him. I said, “accept the fight,
Tim. I don’t know whether I can lick him
or not, but I promise that I’ll fight the best
fight of my life.”

  “Whether you can lick him or not, you’ve
got to think you can,” Tim said. “But that’ll
be my job, to make you think that way.”
As it turned out, however, it .wasn’t
Tim’s job. For that evening Ellen told me
something that made my blood boil.

  “That night,” she said, “when we went
to the movie, I stayed downstairs after you
went to bed, to do some bookwork for dad.
And Vic came in.” Her eyes left my face,,
“He—well, he got a little fresh, and I
slapped him. Dad happened to walk in just
42

FIGHT STORIES

then.” She paused. “That’s why he gave
Vic his contract back.”

  I reached over to hold her head in my two
hands. I kissed her gently. “That guy will
know he’s been in a fight, honey. I promise
you.”

  The next two weeks were a grind, the
toughest training grind of my career. For
I had a lot to regain in those two weeks,
and I’d need all the moxie I ever had for
this one.

  Two days before the bout, I began to
taper off, to prevent going stale. I saw a lot
of Tim during those two days, and Tim
said to me one afternoon, “I’d like to think
you thought enough of me to know I’m hon-
est. I’d like to think you wouldn’t need
an explanation from me.”

  I was silent, studying him. Finally, I
said, “I do think you’re honest, Tim. I
guess the whole town knows that.” I shook
my head. “I’ve been, well—rattled. Even
before that happened, that thing that sent
me up, I’d been unsettled, nervous.”

  Tim nodded. “This urge, this desire to
steal. Had you had it before that night?”
My thoughts raced. “Only in my mind,
if you get what I mean. I mean, I’d see
things in stores and the thought of taking
them would come to me, but I didn’t think
it was serious. I mean, a fellow gets a lot
of thoughts he doesn’t follow through with.
That was one of them. Until that night.”
“You should have explained that to the
judge,” Tim said. He paused. “You know
what kleptomania is, Jimmy?”

  I nodded. “Uh-huh. And I think I’d
rather be tagged a criminal than a nut.”

  “It isn’t insanity,” Tim said. “Your un-
settled condition had something to do with
it. Maybe, we all have a touch of it—some-
thing for nothing, that’s a pretty common
fault. That’s why I—blackmailed you. I
wanted to keep your mind occupied on the
one thing you knew best. And I wanted to
get you up here, where it’s quiet. I wanted
to cure you if I could.”

  I realized then, that all this should have
been clear to me from the first day. I said
humbly, “Thanks, Tim. I think you have
cured me. But, why? Why go to all this
trouble for a guy you only knew slightly?”
“Because,” Tim said, “I think you’re the
best welterweight in the w'orld. And be-

cause—I always want to see the best man
at the top in this game.”

THE three of us drove in together the
morning of the fight, and I felt more
physically and mentally fit than I had at
any time within my memory. I’d need to
be for this one tonight. For I had a lot more
respect for Vic Grant than Tim did. Ellen
had been right about her dad. Tim Dolan
was blind in the welterweight field; he
could only see one man, and that was his
man—Jimmy Powers.

  The manager had released the psy-
chiatrist’s opinion of my malady, and the
papers had given it a play. I wasn’t sure
whether to feel vindicated or further con-
demned. One thing was certain, I was the
most publicized welter in the game.

  There seemed to be a hundred reporters
at the weighing in, and another hundred
waiting for us at the hotel. I kept my mouth
tightly shut, and let Tim do all the talking.
Tim Dolan was a master at it.

  In the dressing room that night, Tim
shooed them all out. He told me, “Keep
clear for two rounds at least. Even if they
start to boo. For two rounds, Vic is better
than you are. That much I’ll admit. After
that, he’s not in your league.”

  Grinning, I shook my head. “If I could
only fight like you think I can.”

  Ellen was there, then, for a final word,
and I told her, “If I win, tonight, it’s be-
cause of you. This brawl I now dedicate to
you.”

  She kissed me lightly. “Knock him into
the cheap seats, Jimmy.”

  Then the call came, and we went out to-
ward the lights. The house was a sell-out,
jam packed, the biggest crowd I’d ever
faced. But there was no tenseness in me
beyond the normal tenseness expected for
a title bout.

  I went up the aisle, with Tim and two
handlers, and the crowd’s reception was
hearteiling. I had a glimpse of Ellen, as I
climbed between the ropes, and she held her
small clenched hands aloft.

  On my stool, as I relaxed, while Vic’s
new manager came over to inspect my
hands, my eyes were on the man across the
ring. A good man, broad and husky, with
those muscle bunches in his back that
LEATHER

labeled the hitter. A champion. Tim Dolan
had brought him up to this. Tim had
brought us both this far, and Tim thought
I was the better man. I certainly hoped so.

  We went out for the introductions, for
the instructions. We went back to our cor-
ners to flex. The bell, and we turned.

  Vic came in like a tornado. He came in
like Dempsey used to in his prime, and he
landed two fists to my midriff that actually
hurtled me back into the ropes.

  The crowd gasped, and then rose with
a hoarse cry. It was the fastest opening any
of them had ever seen—or I, for that mat-
ter. And I was on the receiving end.

  Vic came in with his left hooking vi-
ciously, and took about three-quarters of
my starch in the first ten seconds. I wilted,
got my hands inside, and hung on.

  The ref broke us, and I got on my bi-
cycle.

  For two minutes I kept clear of the
charging Vic, kept my left pumping weakly,
while my stomach settled, while the crowd
howled.

 Then I braced up, snapped home a
straight left, and was short with a right.
Vic tried to close, but I had the range with
my left now, and my timing was flawless.
I managed to stay clear for the rest of the
round, and scored twice with the right.

  In my corner, Tim said, “Whirlwind
stuff. And he didn’t do it. He shot his
bolt.”

  “We hope,” I said.

  We hoped in vain. Vic stormed out for
the second in a flurry of flying leather that
sent me into a backward march. It was
Armstrong stuff. I rode it out, landing that
stinging jab enough to keep the champ cau-
tious, bringing home a short right that
stopped him in his tracks for a second.

  I moved in lightly, circling a little, look-
ing for a hole for my right. Vic turned with
me, contempt in his eyes, and a smile on his
heavy lips.

I FEINTED twice and landed a left, tried
a right that missed. I moved around
him, using the left like a riveting machine,
and Vic took it all with a grin.

  Angered, I moved in to mix—and Vic
brought up a killer from his knees.

LARCENY	43

  I fell forward and hung on, while my
head cleared. Vic went to work below. I
broke, stepped clear, and tried to paste him
with a left. But Vic had smelled blood
again, and no jab was going to slow him.

  He chased me for the remainder of the
round.

  The fans were booing at the bell.

  Tim said, “I could have been wrong
about that guy. But I wasn’t wrong about
you. You’ve taken his best punch. You can
open up a little now.”

  I almost laughed in his face at that one.
I said, “Did you bring some spinach ? What
I’ve got doesn’t seem to be enough.”

  “What you’ve got will be too much,” Tim
said.

  The third was slower. Vic seemed to
think he could win this one when the time
came, but there was no hurry. He countered
and parried, circling always, moving in a
semi-crouch.

  I did open up a little. My right was mov-
ing in now, short and swift, but Vic was
pretty much in a shell, and few of them
landed heavily.

  I began to set up things with the left,
feinting, looking for openings. But Vic
wasn’t champ for nothing. Vic didn’t bite.
Vic taunted me, smiling, and Vic moved in
toward the end of the round and brought
the hook with him. It was a good hook.

  I was weary at the bell. I’d taken a lot
during those first two rounds, more than
I could have taken a month ago, and I re-
alized how far along Tim’s conditioning
had brought me.

  The fourth was faster. Vic began to mix
again. But I had his rhythm now, and I beat
him to the punch. Vic stepped up the pace,
and I stepped with him. For twenty seconds
we traded. Then I broke, stepped back—
and stopped.

  Vic rushed and I met him with a straight
right that landed squarely on the button.

  Vic went back a half step and toppled.

  Vic was up at 9. I didn’t rush. I came in
cautiously, and brought the left in sharply
twice, before trying another right. Vic was
still alert. The right was shorthand Vic
tried to close.

  I tied him up at the bell.

  Tim said, “That’s the Jimmy Powers we
used to know. That’s the Powers who’s
44	FIGHT

going to be champ. Like Loughran. Like
Tunney. Like silk.”

  The fifth was slow. Vic wouldn’t lead,
and I couldn’t quite penetrate the armor.
In the fifth, I could sense a change of crowd
sympathy. I’d stood up well those first two
rounds, and lived to hand it out. They liked
that.

  Toward the end of the round, I moved in
swiftly, trying a desperate right. It never
landed.

  Vic put his weight into a right hand
blow that landed flush on my jaw. The
lights went out, and the canvas came up
and hit me.

  I didn’t even hear the count until it
reached 7 and then I rose too soon. Vic
came in like a cannonball and landed again.

  I stumbled into the ropes at the bell.

  Tim and the handlers worked like beav-
ers. Tim was muttering something inco-
herent, massaging the back of my neck.
Then I felt the chill of a cold towel.

  Vic came out with a rush for the sixth.
He landed heavily with the hook and tried
that right again. I moved in desperately,
and the right went around my neck. But
Vic was beating a sickening tattoo on my
stomach. Then the champ stepped clear,
and threw his Sunday punch.

  Again, I managed to step away from it.
Vic came in carelessly, and I threw a right
at the blob that should have been his jaw.
It was. Vic stumbled back three steps, and
went into his crouch.

  I moved in slowly, my head a buzzsaw,
my footwork ragged. I kept the left pump-
ing automatically, and the right cocked.

STORIES

  I got through that round on all the finesse
I’d picked up through the years, and I
needed it all.

  In my corner, Tim said, “this is the
round. This is the one they won’t expect
you to mix. How are you feeling, Jimmy?
Are you up to it?”

  “I think so,” I said. “And I hope you’re
right.”

  So I went out slowly, and waited to see
the attack Vic Would launch. But Vic had
the same idea in mind. We stalled for a
full minute, while the fans grew restless.

  Then Vic moved in and I answered the
challenge. For seconds wc exchanged. For
seconds I slugged it out with the best
slugger in the field. And the slugger came
out second best.

  Vic was weary when we broke. Vic was
wilting, and my left lanced out sharply.
Vic tried a wild right, and I crossed over it.

  It landed, and for a fraction of a second,
Vic seemed to hesitate. It was all I needed.
I put my hundred and forty-seven pounds
into a Sunday punch. I put all my weight
and all my hate into it ,and sent it over with
a prayer.

  It was the one

  They carried Vic to his corner, and the
ref came over to raise my right arm aloft.
Then the crowd poured into the ring.

  I saw them all through a mist, because
the one that mattered most was coming to-
ward me, a smile on her face and arms out-
stretched. One more theft, and then no
more. I’d have to steal Tim’s daughter, but

I	knew Tim Dolan wouldn’t mind this
time.. ..

AT YOUR WRIST

THE WORLD’S GREATEST BARGAIN CALENDAR wafch, te!f»

TIME & DATE precisely, automatically. Sent to you on our 30
DAYS HOME TRIAL. We DARE you to COMPARE. Money back In
30 days if not OVERJOYED. 3 YEARS WRITTEN GUARANTEE
(it must be good). Made in world's finest factory (Swiss). Finest
RUBY JEWELED movement; Separate mainspring, balance & lever
bridges; PATENTED integral SHOCK absorber; AUTOMATIC over-
tension guard; Pin pallet lever precision movement; high pressure
water proof; non-magnetlc. SAVE big money, get the FINEST. Our 30 DAYS trial, or
MONEY BACK will prove to you, AT NO RISK, that this is THE WORLD'S GREATEST
BARGAIN. Get one now, you'll buy more for your friends. You'll be HAPPY and PROUD.
SPECIAL . . . Chrome top, steel back ONLY 517.00 Rolled GOLD $20.00 . . . FREE
RADIUM DIALS and NO TAX if you RUSH.

ACE1X CO. • Box 921 (Dept. 66) • Plttsbargta UU, Pa*

TIME your
BATE • . .

 In seconds
 in minutes
 in hours
 in DAYS

30 DAYS
HOME TRIAL

 3 YEARS
 GUARANTEE

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
HOMECOMING

By Francis K. Allan

 In a strange city things are different for a fighter... a fighter like Joe Corey,
 anyway. You take the big Hive, collect the moola, tlrink and forget. But
 tonight Joe was home . . . and the marbles were on the table for everyone

to see.

THE LONELINESS and the reality
trapped him, finally. The train was
gone, and the song of the rails
could no longer lull his thoughts.

  Here the sharp June sunlight glistened
on the sticky asphalt streets. A sucking
whine was left in the wake of speeding
cars. The tall buildings shimmered in the
heat waves. His shirt clung limply to his
broad shoulders. There was not a single
familiar face. No band was here, no may-
or with a gilded key. This was a home-
coming for you. And Joe Corey laughed—
a rough laugh that ended abruptly.

  Sure, this was the way to come home.

Or maybe it was, he thought slowly. In
thirty-six hours it would be over. The
train would take him back to New York.
Between now and then it could be like a
hall—like a long silent hall that you
walked through. You didn’t open the
doors. You made no noise. You passed
through and were gone. Yes, that was the
best way.

  It seemed to simplify something in Joe’s
mind. He lifted his worn suitcase from
the curb and moved toward the line of
waiting cabs. The sun glistened in his
brown sandy hair and deepened the color
of his broad rough face. He carried his

45
46	FIGHT STORIES

coat under his arm. He walked with a
stalking grace, his shoulders leading, his
heels scarcely meeting the pavement. There
was a heavy rhythm and power in his
motion.

  He sat forward in the cab, rubbing his
knuckles with the great palm of his left
hand. He saw the new post office, the
trackless trolleys, and he kept searching
among the strange faces.

  How many of them would be there to-
morrow night? Twenty thousand? Per-
haps thirty thousand, rising out beyond
the glare of the ring. They would know
him, then. Here and there someone would
say, “Corey. Came from here, remember?
... Sam Krebble, this same guy that’s got
Dulaney, he used to manage him. He was
at the top. There was nobody . . . That
was five years ago. Then something hap-
pened in Pittsburgh. I don’t know. I don’t
think they ever proved anything . . .”

  The fingers of his great hands were
twisted tightly together.

  The Marsden Hotel was a fat brown
structure—a shabby old lady resting com-
placently on the outskirts of the business
district. Joe put on his hat and coat before
he went in. The lobby was shadowy and
cooler. He saw the poster, thumb-tacked
to the bulletin board. The name flamed
across the top in crimson letters—Baron
Dulaney.

  Joe looked at the curly blond hair in
the picture, at the smooth unbattered face,
the level eyes. Below, in smaller letters,
was Joe’s name. He was glad they hadn’t
used a picture.

  “Ah, Joe!” The shrill greeting turned
him around. Little Sam Krebble came
panting across the lobby, his tie askew, his
suit wrinkled. It might have been the
same cigar of five years ago. “To see you,
and looking so good!” Sam gasped. His
black eyes sparkled as he grasped Joe’s
hand.

  “Hello, Sam.” Joe smiled and held the
smile as the little guy’s eyes darted over
his frame.

  “iNever have I seen you looking better,”
Sam pronounced.

  “I’m allright. For thirty-two, anyway.”

  “That is but childhood. When you have
lived as long as Sam . . .” He wagged his

head mournfully and steered Joe toward
the elevator. He explained why he hadn’t
met the train. He mopped his damp jowls.
He assured Joe that his indigestion was
definitely worse.

  Joe was grateful for the rush of words.

HE followed Sam into the room that
had been reserved for him. It was
large and slightly shabby. The windows
faced west. Beneath the glare of the sink-
ing sun the city rolled gently out into a
bluish haze. Sam turned on the overhead
fan and the blades generated a monoto-
nous drone. The air remained thick and
sticky.

  “Dorsey will come in later,” Sam was
explaining. Dorsey was the man who
would handle him tomorrow night, Joe
remembered. “It is all arranged at the
Downtown Club, if you want anything.
And about Dorsey—as soon would I trust
myself. That is right, Joe.”

  “We’ll get along. There won’t be much
to do.”

  A silence formed, deepened by the drone
of the fan. Sam fretted his cigar. Joe
massaged his knuckles until they were wet
and he rubbed them against his coat. Sam
cleared his throat. “You have seen Du-
laney ?”

  “Once, about three years ago. His last
light before he went into the army.”

  “He is faster, now. Heavier. A left like
never before.” Sam blinked at him. “For
you it will not be so easy tomorrow night,
Joe.”

  “What the Hell, Sam! I know what I
came for. Me tomorrow. Maybe Dorati
next month, then the championship in the
fall. I’m glad it’s your show. Anyway,”
he said more quietly, “twenty-five hun-
dred dollars can buy a lot of rounds from
me, now.” And instantly Joe felt the im-
pact of the unplanned words. His eyes
locked with Sam’s. Between them leaped
up the recollection of that night in Pitts-
burgh. The Paski fight. Sam’s eyes, elec-
tric with outrage, his round face apoplec-
tic, his voice quivering: “Carried him!
You carried him! That money should
ever mean so much to you that you should
turn . . . turn crook! For you and me, it
is quits!”
HOMECOMING!

47

  There were countless times thereafter
when Joe had tried to understand, to re-
trace and ask himself his reason. For ten
thousand dollars. Why? . . . No, it wasn’t
just the money; he could make that. Had
he wanted to please Silvestri ? Perhaps ...
It was all part of the swift new intoxica-
tion. New friends. New places. The sud-
den fame. It had come so swiftly, that
rich thick wine.

  “Why did you give me this fight, Sam?”
The inevitable question slipped from Joe’s
lips. Sam looked at him straight.

  “You are smart. Dulaney will learn
from you. And for you—”

  “For me, the twenty-five hundred,” Joe
supplied evenly. “That’s okay. I need it.
You knew that when you wired me. It’ll
be a good fight for a while.”

  “Not just the money for you . . .” Sam
began. He stopped and rubbed his chin.
He sighed and held out his hand. “But it
is time for me to go.” He held out his
hand. After he had opened the door, he
paused. “Yesterday I saw Letty. She was
asking . . He glanced at Joe.

  Joe tightened his fingers. Walk softly
down the hall, he was thinking. Leave the
door closed. It will soon be over.

  Sam frowned. Slowly he closed the door
and was gone.

  Dorsey dropped in just after five o’clock.
He was a stoop-shouldered man of about
fifty, with faded wise eyes and a melan-
choly voice. After they shook hands, Dor-
sey seemed ill-at-ease. He sat there, creas-
ing a newspaper between his bony hands
and blinking at the window. Joe was glad
when he left.

  He took off his coat, loosened his tie,
and stretched out on the bed. He unfolded
the crumpled newspaper Dorsey had left.
It was the sports section of the Herald.
At the left was a box-column, Looking
Them Over With Levlitt. Joe remembered
Ben Levlitt from high school—a thin hay-
haired boy with a touch of wry humor.
The column discussed the fight, devoting
three-quarters of its space to an examina-
tion of Dulaney’s maturing skill and pow-
er. The final paragraph looked at Joe.

  Few fights, it said, have held the irony
of this one. Scarcely five years ago Joe
Corey’s star was in its ascendancy. The

championship twinkled just ahead. Then,
on a July night in Pittsburgh, there was
exhibited one of the most intriguing fits
of chivalry since the era of King Arthur.
This ten-round waltz marked both the
turning point of Corey’s career and the
end of his association with Sam Krebble,
his manager, and today the manager of
Baron Dulaney. Mr. Corey began to take
an intense interest in the Full Life, doing
his fighting from the west corner of Man-
hattan’s High Top Club. It is rumored he
chose a liquid diet. Tomorrow night will
be something of a homecoming-

  Joe hurled the paper to the floor. A
wounded cry broke from his jaws. Why
did they have to keep riding hifn? Why
wouldn’t they forget?

  He covered his eyes with his arm.
Something kept squeezing in his stomach,
making him hot and breathless. This was a
crazy thing! Why hadn’t he realized! A
beating like this for twenty-five hundred.
It wasn’t the thing that would happen to-
morrow night in the ring. That was easy.
It was this—this ripping at his pride.
This . . . And Joe stopped and laughed
acidly. That was a word! Pride.

  He hurled himself from the bed and
stalked around the room, shaking his head
like a stunned animal. He looked at him-
self in the mirror. His eyes burned dark
and tormented. The skin of his cheeks felt
drawn and old. He felt desperately tired
and lonely.

PRIDE . . . This time Joe did not
laugh. It was true. He couldn’t ex-
plain it, but he knew it was true. And it
was such a fragile thing. Like a scrap of
lace, salvaged and laboriously cleaned.
Mended with clumsy fingers until a pat-
tern was formed again. But it was still
so frail, this pride. And they wouldn’t let
it alone. If only--

  The gentle knock came at the door. Joe
turned, his chest rising and falling heavily.
Angrily he jerked the door open. “What
do you—” The raw words evaporated. He
stepped back. His arms sagged to his sides.

  She wore.no hat. Just a summer dress,
white and soft. From the look in her eyes
now, he knew she had been smiling be-
fore she saw him. Slowly she smiled again.
48	FIGHT

“Sam told me you would be here.”

  “Sam ? Oh.” He fumbled with his hands.
Her smile was ebbing again. Joe gestured
vaguely. “Yeah, Sam. He made the reserv-
ation.” Her quiet blue eyes searched his.
Her fingers rested on the door. Her smile
had faded. “I’m sorry if ... Do you want
me to go, Joe?”

  “I don’t . . . No, please. I was just
thinking when you knocked. I wasn’t ex-
pecting ...” He stumbled back and
pushed out a chair. “Sit here, Letty. It’s a
little cooler under the fan.”

  She closed the door softly. He could not
take his eyes away from her. Had she al-
ways been so small, so slender? Her hair
seemed so much darker, her eyes so much
more blue. She sat down, tucking her legs
under. She’d always done that. Joe found
himself waiting for the plop-plop of her
shoes as she pushed them off.

  He sat down. Her job? . . . She didn’t
work for the oil company. She’s been with
her father at the store since he fell and
hurt his hip. Her mother was fine; she’d
wondered if Joe would come to supper.

  They talked while the fan droned in the
ceiling and the sunlight drained from the
windows. They talked carefully of little
things. She was living in Crestview, now;
it was a new addition, built on the old
municipal golf course.

  He listened to the gentle lilt of her
words. Her face seemed to grow more
lovely, more delicate in the shadows. Then
he scarcely listened; he thought of the last
time he had seen her: two years after that
thing in Pittsburgh, a month after he’d lost
the Cadillac to Silvestri. It hadn’t been a
walk-out; Joe knew that, now. It had been
the Christmas songs, the toys in the win-
dows. And the bitter emptiness. She had
come home. Now, thinking back, Joe was
so grateful that she hadn’t been there the
next year.

  It was dark now. Nests of lights twin-
kled on the horizon of the city. “Let’s go
back to Dundee’s,” Joe said. “Remember
those lobsters?”

  They’d eaten there a lot, the first year
they’d been married. But it was gone now.
It was called the Crescent Grill, now.
Now the walls were white. A nickelodeon
wailed loudly. Old Dundee was gone. There

STORIES

was a lean sleek-haired man behind the
cash register.

  All the little things were said. They
looked at each other. They were silent,
and then Letty touched his hand. “Tell
me, really, Joe. Tell me how things are.”

  He wanted to tell her. His throat ached
with a yearning. If only he could make
her believe. “I tried to think. I spent a
long time thinking,” he began. “I didn’t
take a drink. I haven’t . . .” He stopped.
“It took a long time—”

  “Sure it’s him, like on the poster, you
dope!”

  Joe glanced around. There were four
of them—the oldest not more than twelve.
They stood at the side of the booth, star-
ing at him boldly. “Ain’t you Joe Corey?”
the one with the freckles challenged.

  “Sure, that’s me.” Joe grinned and held
out his hand.

  “Like I said!” the kid said triumphant-
ly. “My uncle was there. He seen it!” The
words rang through the room. The sleek
man was watching. The waitresses were
staring. “Said it was a fix and a bunch of
gamblers sure cleaned up!”

  Joe was frozen. Something horribly hot
exploded in his chest.

  “My uncle, he told me—” the kid was
saying again.

  The terrible thing seared into Joe's
brain and blinded him. A cry of rage
broke from his lips. He leaped from the
booth.. The kids scattered, yelling with
fear, “Joe! Don’t let—” Letty cried.

  He stopped and swayed like someone
jerked from a nightmare. The room was
filled with eyes and faces. The kids were
gone. He stood there alone in the shame
and silence. He couldn’t stand it. He
lunged toward the door.

  “Hey, we’re not running a soup line,
pal. Pay your check,” the sleek man
snapped.

  “It’s all right, Joe,” Letty said huskily.
“I’ll meet you.” He didn’t wait. He want-
ed to run—to run so fast that the wind
would cool the flame of his face; to run
so far that the voices would be lost for-
ever. He kept going, stalking deeper and
deeper into the old section of the city. His
teeth were clenched, his fists knotted.

  The scent of beer came to him. It was
HOMECOMING!

49

a little hole-in-the-wall bar. He stopped,
his chest rising and falling like a bellows.
It had been so long . . . Suddenly he didn’t
care. It made no difference. They wouldn’t
let you forget, no matter what you did.
He walked into the place and sat down at
the first stool. He ordered a rye and
water. It burned, going down. He ordered
another.

  “Getting in your last training licks,
Corey?” The question was careless, ironic.
Joe twisted around and there stood Ben
Levlitt, the sports-writer. He was grin-
ning, and his lean face seemed to twitch.

 “Get out. Get away from me,” Joe
whispered.

  “How does it feel to be home, Joe?”
Levlitt asked dreamily.

ALL the pent-up rage went into Joe’s
blow. It caught Levlitt’s chin and
reeled him into the wall. He went down to
his knees. The bartender yelled angrily.
Levlitt stared with stony contempt. Joe
looked at his fist. He rubbed his hand
across his eyes. Suddenly he felt sick. A
feeling of desolation went through him.
Dazedly he turned, fumbled with the door,
and went out. He felt heavy and old and
terribly tired. His eyes burned and blurred.
“Damn them.” But the words, too, were
tired and empty.

  It was nearly midnight when Joe re-
turned to the Marsden. The street was
empty and still. Just within the darkened
entrance a man moved slightly, seemed to
lean forward and peer at Joe’s face.

  “Corey?” he asked.

  “Yeah?” The word was hostile. “So
what ?”

  “If you can spare a minute.”

  “For what?”

  “Let’s take a walk in the park.” The
man kept his voice muted. As his head
moved, a reflection of light gleamed on
his thick glasses. He was a short man,
rather plump, with an oval flat face. “You
won’t be wasting your time,” he assured.

  Joe bent forward, trying to recognize
him. “W(hat’s your name?”

  “Charlie. Come on, Corey. I think you’ll
be interested.”

  Joe hesitated. There was something cu-

4—Fight—Fall

riously compelling in the muted words.
Slowly he turned. They walked together
across the street and into the darkness of
a patch of park.

  “I’ll talk. You can stop me when you’ve
had enough,” the man named Charlie said.
“First, would it break your heart to win
that fight tomorrow night? Would you
mind having a few grand riding on your-
self at maybe five-to-one?” He paused and
sidled a sharp look at Joe. “It could be
arranged. It all depends on you, Corey.”
“Is Dulaney for sale?” Joe whispered.
“It’s a lot easier than that.” Charlie
chuckled deeply. “It’ll take just about
three ,solid rights while you’ve got him
blindfolded.”

  “I think you’re a little crazy.”

  “Over a period of years I have dis-
proved that theory. Suppose you listen.”
His tongue moved over his lips with a
moist sucking sound. “My information
comes from one of Dulaney’s sparring
partners; first he heard the story, the
badkground. Later, just by accident, he
saw how this thing would work. He tried
it again; it worked again. It’ll work to-
morrow night. Krebble’s spotted it, now,
but it’s something that can’t be smoothed
out in a few days, see? It’s like this . . .”
His voice softened deliciously. “You let
Dulaney come across with a left. Then—
straight up in the air with your left hand,
see? Like this, wild like—like you were
about to drive a knife down in his face!
See it? . . . Then he does it. Covers up
like a kid about to get slapped. He throws
his right arm over his eyes. You’ve got
the whole lunch-hour to bust him. That’s
all there is, see?”

  Joe stared intently at the shadowy face
before him. “Now I know you’re crazy.”
“The story, the background,” Giarlie
continued serenely. “It happened in
France. Dulaney’s outfit was pinched off
in the Battle of the Bulge. He was in this
hole by himself when a kraut climbed into
him with a bayonet. He’d been half-sleep-
ing. For just a second Dulaney saw this
blade coming down. He tried to cover. It
caught him just under the eye. Somehow
he nailed the guy, then he passed out. It
was cold. He stayed there a long time, he
thinks, before they found him. Then he
FIGHT STORIES

50

had fever. Nightmares, when he kept see-
ing that arm upraised, that blade coming
down. You get it? . . . He hasn’t whipped
it. He will, sure. But not by tomorrow
night. Something like that takes a long
time. So . . Charlie cocked his head
alertly. “It takes somebody smart enough
to handle him a while, then use this open-
ing. You can do it. And I can get five-
to-one on you.”

  Joe swallowed. His throat was dry. He
flexed his fingers. They were stiff. “The
whole thing, it’s crazy,” he said thickly.

  “You’ll never know until you try it.”
Charlie tilted his head again. “I’ve got
two thousand to bet for you. It’ll bring
you ten. All I’m waiting for is your word.”
“I don’t know. The whole thing ... I
want to think,” Joe stammered.

  “That’s okay. Tomorrow morning will
be soon enough. You can call me at this
number . . .” He handed Joe a slip of
paper. “You know, Corey,” he said confi-
dentially, “you don’t owe anybody a damn
thing. They brought you in here to take
a beating. They were looking for a soft

touch. Why should you-”

  “I’ll make up my mind without the sob
story, Charlie,” Joe said abruptly. “I need
to think. I’ll call you.” He turned and
walked back to the Marsden.

HE tried to lie down, to think about
it calmly. A tense restlessness surged
through his veins. He got up and paced
around the room.

  Now, if it was like that. Just a flaw
like Charlie said . . . Sure, if you spotted
an opening, you worked it. You always
did that. That was okay. Sure. So what
were you thinking about?

  Toe tried to understand. There was
something tauntingly familiar about this
moment—as though he had lived it all at
some other time. It was that time in Pitts-
burgh. “But it’s not the same!” he said
aloud. “This is something different. This
is his weakness. It’s nothing I’ve done.
What if things were turned around? Why

wouldn’t he-”

  His eyes found the crumpled newspaper
on the floor. There was Levlitt’s column.
He could hear the taunting words again,
“How does it feel to be home, Joe?”

  He stood very still, his fingers closing
into fists. He felt the slow surge of fire
reach his cheeks. And he heard the shrill
voice of the kid again.

  They would be there tomorrow night,
their hungry eyes upon him. They hadn’t
let him forget. What did they care about
his pride?

  If things were turned around ... Joe
thought of it again and his fingers cut
into his palms. “They wouldn’t give a
damn!” he cried. His heart pounded. His
hands were wet. He reached for the
telephone.

  Ten thousand dollars ... It would be
the start. A store, a piece of land. A
chance to get away. No need for this again.

  He gave the number. One minute later
he replaced the receiver. He turned and
stared around the room; he felt cold. He
had the strangest feeling—as if Letty had
passed through this room and listened.
The door was locked. It was only a feel-
ing. Slowly he rubbed his head.

  The lights were hot on Joe’s bare
shoulders. Noise kept flooding down
from the crowded darkness of the stands.
He shuffled around his corner, flexing his
shoulders, filling his lungs deeply. His
stomach felt light and airy, and a deep
richness of finality filled him. This time
tonight . . . This was the last time.

  The bell jerked at his nerves, then ev-
erything seemed to slide into a measured
pattern. He went out slowly to meet Bar-
on Dulaney. Dulaney’s face was calm. His
gold hair glistened. His eyes were cool
and appraising. There was a long pale
scar under his right eye.

  He stung Joe with a left, crossed with
a right, moved off and threw another left.
Joe drew a deep breath. The physical con-
tact was strangely reassuring. He went in,
his massive shoulders bent, his head
tucked in. Dulaney fed a left. Joe smashed
his lips with a looping right. Dulaney
backed away. Joe breathed hungrily. This
was it. This was everything. His muscles
seemed to sing.

  The round had been at least a draw,
Joe knew. He breathed easily. His arms
felt long and tough. He saw Charlie and
the little man winked. Then Joe saw Let-
ty. She was three rows back and to his
HOMECOMING!

51

right. She smiled and her lips formed
some silent word. A momentary quiet
strayed through his brain. The bell rang
again.

  He followed Dulaney, found him with
lefts, rocked him backward with long
rights. He stalked him constantly. As the
round wore away, a growing exhilaration
filled his throat. He could take this kid.

  With half a minute left, Dulaney trapped
him. The right seemed to explode between
Joe’s teeth. The ring rose and tilted in his
vision. He went down and a great roar
swelled in his ears. His legs felt numb
and flabby as he struggled up. The bell
rang.

  Dorsey worked on him frantically. Joe
sucked fresh water as it ran down his lips.
The stands pulsated with a hungry chant:
“Get him! Get him!” Joe stared at Dula-
ney coldly1. The false exhilaration was
shattered. His arms felt like wet pillows.
He dragged in a deep breath as the bell
rang. This time. This round. It would
have to be now, he thought fixedly.

  Dulaney worked him along the ropes
with cruel jabs. The blows were penetrat-
ing, now. Joe’s lungs began to burn. His
ribs ached. He backed away, licking his
lips, watching, waiting, remembering.
Mid-way through the round the chance
came.

  Dulaney tossed over a left. Joe hesitated
an instant, then hurled his left arm high
above his head. With the motion he was
taunted by a sensation of utter folly. Then
it happened—so instantly and so incredibly
Joe could scarcely realize. An expression
of stark dismay splashed over Dulaney’s
face. He jerked. He stumbled clumsily.
His right arm went over his eyes. For
what seemed like an eternity to Joe, Dula-
ney huddled before him. Joe’s muscles
coiled and kicked loo.se. His right smashed
into Dulaney’s jaw and Dulaney went
down.

  A stunned roar broke from the crowd.
Dulaney huddled on the canvas, staring at
Joe with tortured eyes, eyes that were
glazed with dull accusation. The referee
was counting. Dulaney started up. The
poise and calm had left his face.

  Between the rounds Joe’s eyes met
Sam’s. Their impact stung him. The cold

THIRD MAN OUT

     Abe Attell, king of the little men some
   forty years ago, once kayoed the referee of
   a bout in which he xvas participating, then
   stood by while his opponent counted out
   the ref.

     The year was 1913. It was a hot July
  night, and Abe was battling Willie Beecher
  at Arverne, N. Y. For two rounds the
  referee kept pestering Abe for more action.
  Abe, an obliging fellow, stepped up the
  pace. Then, in a flurry of infighting
  Beecher moved his head and the ref re-
  ceived one of Abe’s rights squarely on
  the nose. He hit the canvas and Beecher
  counted him out.

fury of five years ago was rekindled in
Sam’s face. He knows, Joe thought queerly.

  Charlie was smiling softly. Joe looked at
Letty. She sat perfectly still, her eyes
fixed on him with the strangest look of
wonder. Then, so very slowly, her eyes
moved toward Charlie. Finally she looked
at Sam. She seemed to be searching for
some interpretation.

  Midway through the fourth Round Joe
caught Dulaney again. He threw up his
left grotesquely. He hurled his right into
Dulaney’s mouth as Dulaney huddled be-
fore him. Dulaney fell on his side and his
lips began to bleed. Joe walked away.

  He saw Charlie. The fat face was radi-
ant. Charlie winked and nodded compla-
cently. Then Joe saw Letty. Her eyes
were fixed on Charlie. Slowly they re-
solved themselves in his. Her face was
ashen. Her lips seemed to tremble. Abrupt-
ly she rose. Her eyes had found their an-
swer. She stumbled toward the aisle.
Something tightened and snapped inside
Joe. His throat went dry. Her name tried
to reach his lips.

  “Fight!” the referee commanded. Du-
laney was on his feet again. Letty van-
ished beyond the outskirts of light. Joe
turned to fight. All his heart and urge
seemed to have walked away.

  He sat in his corner and stared at her
empty seat. All around was the ghosty sea
of faces. A strange silence cloaked the
crowd. Something hard and ugly was
dawning into realization out there.

It made Joe cold, and he looked at the
empty seat again. The anguish of loneli-
52

FIGHT STORIES

ness strangled him. They hated him,
and suddenly he hated himself. This wasn’t
the thing he’d come back for. Suddenly, in
those moments, Joe let himself think
clearly.

  He hadn’t wanted to walk unknown
down the hall. He had hoped there’d be
someone to meet him at the station. In
some unspoken way, he had hoped to find
something here. He was so very tired,
and he’d wanted to come home. This was
J.he last fight, and he didn’t want it this
way.

  Dorsey was pushing him. Yes, the bell
had rung. He went out. His arms felt
like sacks of concrete. His lungs burned.
The mechanical part of his mi'nd kept
prompting. “Now. This round. This
round.”

  Dulaney hit him. Again. Again. Joe
waited. He hurled up his left. A momen-
tary struggled stained Dulaney’s face as
he fought to control himself. He lost. He
stumbled and covered up. There he wait-
ed. There was his chin. This was it.

  The sob of anguished decision broke
from Joe’s lips. His right arm sagged to
his side. He closed his eyes and shook his
head. Noise, like the sharp rustle of leaves,
swept through the crowd. Then Joe looked
at Dulaney. The younger man’s eyes were
wide, incredulous. Joe hit him with a left
and the eternal instant was past. Dulaney
came in. He slammed Joe back. He
worked him along the ropes. He ham-
mered at Joe’s ribs.

  In the fifth Joe was down. He was
down twice in the sixth. His lungs felt
like furnaces. His knees shook. Each jab
seemed to grind his ribs deeper into raw
flesh. The .salt of blood coated his lips.
The sixth? . . . Four more left. Four
more. It was forever. The end of forever.
It was where he had to go.

  The seventh. Down again. The eighth.
Harder to make his knees carry him up.
Hard to see Dulaney through the mist.
No, this was the referee. Joe shook his
head doggedly. He was all right.

  Sam’s face swam through his vision.
Or was it Sam? . . . Something had
happened to the eyes. The face was gray
and sick. Was he smiling? Joe thought he

was smiling at him. Letty’s seat was emp-
ty. Dulaney kept hitting him. This was
the ninth round, wasn’t it? The bell rang.
In an instant, it seemed, it rang again.

  “You can make it.” Dorsey had said
that. Joe went out to meet the white wraith
that was Dulaney. He threw his tired
fists out. Dulaney slugged him. Joe start-
ed down, dragged himself up, and bowed
his legs apart. He ceased moving and
planted himself to stay.

  The blows ceased to sting. Nothing
could hurt. He was going to last. The
terrible sweetness of the realization filled
his throat. He wanted to laugh. His lips
wouldn’t move. He did not hear the bell.
He was alone, in the center of the ring.
He was still swinging when Sam and the
referee pulled him back, and there was an
endless thunder pouring out of the stands.

  Dorsey got him through the ropes. His
eyes began to clear as they started up the
long aisle. It was then, and only then,
that he realized they were shouting for
him, too. They reached out when he
passed. This had not happened in a long
long time.

  Dorsey was tying Joe’s shoelaces when
Levlitt came into the silent dressing room.
He walked over to Joe and held out his
hand.

  “If you want to know,” he said. “It
was the biggest fight you ever won.”

  Joe looked at him and understood what
he meant. Sam came in with Dulaney.
They shook hands and Sam began to chew
his cigar ferociously.

  “I am glad, Joe,” he said. He left it at
that. “I am wondering. We will be need-
ing somebody. With what you can
teach . . .”

  Joe did not hear the last words. Letty
had come in. She was standing there with
a light shining in her eyes—a light so long
ago lost that Joe could scarcely remember
it as pride. She came toward him.

  “I waited on the ramp, Joe. I had to
know, this time,” she said softly.

  Joe looked at her without speaking. He
thought of the things he needed to tell
her. And yet, as he kept looking at her,
he realized there was no need at all. They
both knew he had come home to stay.
AnHonestFight Every Night

By Tom O'Neil

Pug’s knuckles Was the diet of Center City. From hahes in diapers to
bearded giants, rough and tumble was the order of the day* But the greatest
show of all was still to come . . • staged by those impresarios of swat:
Roarin’ Mike McBride and little Rinky Sneed.

CENTER CITY was a fight town,	crew, partly Irish, partly Welch. The

On the south side, beyond the bar-	north side was the exclusive property of

rier of the railroad tracks, were	the steel workers from the mills, hard-

the coal miners, a brawling, boisterous	jawed Hunkies and harder-headed Swedes.

53
54

FIGHT

STORIES

Caught between these two in a kind of
squeeze were truck drivers, railroad men,
freight handlers, factory hands, eager to
fight to defend their right to live peace-
ably, no holds barred. Every night was
fight night, every street corner an arena,
every cop a referee.

  The professionals, of course, were the
elite.

 A good lightweight was held in
higher esteem than a councilman, and the
mayor wasn’t in the same class with the
local heavyweight champ, but—a success-
ful manager was king of them all.

  But Center City did not have a king.
The town was divided into two armed
camps.

  Roaring Mike McBride, full of bois-
terous hospitality and Irish whiskey,
with his St. Patrick’s Arena, was Crown
Prince of the South Side. Graven in the
marble arch over his ticket window were
the words—An Honest Fight Every night.
And if you doubted it, Roaring Mike
would fight you himself, and that would
be an honest fight. Roaring Mike sat-
isfied his customers.

  And on the North Side, his rival was
little Rinky Sneed. Where Mike impress-
ed you with the force .of his personality
and muscle, Rinky Sneed held office be-
cause he was smart. He was smart from
the end of his pointed nose to the tips of
his pointed yellow shoes. Before Rinky
had opened his Emporium of Swat (he
called it that!) he had looked around him,
and everywhere he had looked there was
another fight arena.

  Center City had arenas the way most
people had mice. And that was where
Rinky Sneed showed his smartness. His
Emporium was not just another Arena—
it was a lure for the jaded appetite, a
feast for the blood-thirsty. On alternate
days, it was true, you could see a straight
fight card. But ah! the other three days!
Rinky Sneed had the kind of imagina-
tion that must have actuated such Roman
spectacles as elephant versus rhinocerous,
trident and net versus shield and sword,
Christian versus lion, or even the burning
of Rome itself. Rinky Sneed was am-
bitious. He wanted to be fight king of
Center City,

  Pie did not have lions or elephants, but
he did have the Twelve Man Melee, the
Blind Man’s Battle (six gladiators blind-
folded, the gory One-Arm Massacre, in
which five men entered the- ring with one
arm tied behind their backs. He insti-
tuted the novelty of two little men fight-
ing one big man; he inaugurated the Kan-
sas Duel, in which the fighters held either
end of a four-foot strip of innertube be-
tween their teeth, the object being quite
obvious.

  Ah yes, on such nights gore and teeth
rained on the canvas like tears from a
poet’s pen, and none enjoyed it more than
Rinky Sneed himself. Rinky had the
tastes of a Nero or a Caligula. Imperial
tastes.

  His first step toward the imperial
throne was the advent of Young Tom
Cribb, the Classic Clouter, an immediately
popular innovation. An innovation for this
day and age, that is, for Young Tom
fought under the old London Prize-Ring
Rules of 1838, under which anything was
permissible except the use of an axe.
There was no time limit on rounds, for
they ended only with a knockdown. Oh,
it was really classic. The gore-gluttons
loved it.

  And to make it more interesting there
was a thousand dollars waiting for the
man who could beat the bejiminy out of
Young Tom, all comers welcome. That
was Rinky Sneed’s first bid for the throne
of Center City.

II

WITHOUT fanfare of trumpet, a
tall, wavering figure lurched from
the rear entrance of the Emporium. He
staggered across the sidewalk, caught at a
tree to steady himself, then straightened
with visible effort and aimed himself at
the next tree, head out-thrust, legs wide.
White patches of plaster criss-crossed his
lean face, his eyes were all-but-sightless
slits in puffy flesh, his lips a pair of blub-
bery doughnuts.

  A small roadster leaped across the
street like a kangaroo with a hot-foot,
screeched to a stop two feet over the curb,
and a girl with a flaming mane of hair
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT

55

like a crest of fire, jumped from the door
and gathered the battered walker in her
young and tender arms.

  “Dinny, Dinny,” she sobbed, “Why did
you do it, Dinny? Why did you do it?”
She cupped his swollen face in trembling
hands.

  He tilted back his head to see her be-
tween the slits of his swollen eyes, and
the grimace that moved his lips was
meant for a grin.

  "It was a tough fight, Mom,” he said
as lightly as he could, “but I lost. I’ll bet
I look it, too.”

  “Oh Dinny! But why? Why, Dinny?”
“For the thousand dollars, my little
passion flower, for the rest of the pay-
ment on that gas station, or your old man
would never let me marry you, and you
know it. Bless his heart, of course,” he
added quickly for he knew how deep was
the love between Nora McBride and Roar-
ing Mike, “Bless his homy heart.”

  “Oh, Dinny, your poor face,” she
touched it with soft fingertips, “Here’s
my car.”

  It was the blind leading the blind, for
her eyes were veiled with spilling tears.
He sank into the seat beside her with an
“Ah-h-h!” of grateful muscles.

  “Dad won’t l>e home from the Arena
until after midnight,” she told him, “I’m
taking you there to put something on your
lips . .

  “If you put on them what I’m thinking,
they’d be well in a minute,” Dinpy grin-
ned.

  “A cold compress,” she said severely.
“And stop your thinking. Thinking you
could fight that awful Tom Cribb got you
nothing but trouble.”

  “I still think I can beat him, Nora.”
“Nobody can beat him,” she said with
conviction. “He’s beaten hundreds of
men. How many did he beat tonight?”
“Six,” he admitted reluctantly. “I was
the fourth. But I blacked his eye for him
and gave him a cabbage ear that he can
cook with the corned beef I made of his
nose. With the knowledge I gained to-
night I’ll stand a good chance the next
time ”

  “I can’t see,” Nora said primly, “that
you’ve gained anything but a face like

Mulligan stew. I dont want to hear any
more fight talk!”

ACROSS the city, Roaring Mike Mc-
Bride was getting an earful of fight
talk, and his guffaws rattled the loose
glass in the windows of his office in St.
Patrick’s Arena and popped a button from
his vest just where the white piping came
to a V over his generous paunch. Across
the desk from him sat white-haired Tim-
othy Lord, sports editor of the Center
City News.

  “Fight talk, Mike,” said Lord, smiling
as he tapped the proof of the advertise-
ment spread on the desk between them,
“What are you going to do about it,
Mike?”

  It was a full page ad, mostly in bold-
face type.

 “FOR THE CLASSIC CHAMPION-
SHIP OF CENTER CITY
COME ONE-COME ALL
“I, Young Tom Cribb, hereby challenge
all the bluffers and loud-mouths who have
been poking cowardly fun and otherwise
maliciously maligning my claim to the
CLASSIC crown, to a

    FIGHT TO THE FINISH
“In the ring of Rinky Sneed's Emporium
of Szvat. Particularly I address this chal-
lenge to any fighter in the stable of Roar-
ing Mike McBride, the noisiest braggart
in seven wards”

  “John L. Sullivan once issued a chal-
lenge like that,” Lord said reminiscently,
“and Gentleman Jim Corbett beat the tar
out of him. What are you going to do
about it, Mike?”

  “Me?” Mike leaned back and roared
with laughter, “Nothin’, Timmy, nothin’.
It’s beneath me, that’s what it is. I
wouldn’t send any of my boys against
thim clowns of Rinky Sneed. ’Twouldn’t
be an honest fight, like I pride meself on
giving. ’Twould be a massacree.”

  “This Young Tom Cribb is supposed to
be pretty good, Mike.”

  Roaring Make disposed of Young Tom
Cribb with a flip of his massive hand. “An
acrobat,” he said contemptuously, “A ras-
sier. Still,” he thoughtfully stroked his
56

FIGHT STORIES

rocky chin, “the taxpayers might start to
wonder a little if I let this challenge go
unnoticed now, wouldn’t they? In fact,”
he said with decision, “I think I’ll send
Sailor McGuire against the prancin’ ape
the next time he fights.”

  Lord said calmly, “Under an assumed
name, Sailor Maguire fought Young Toni
three weeks ago and had his cauliflower
ears pinned back.”

  “Whisht ye say! The avaricious bum.
Out after the thousand dollars, no doubt,
and me paying him a isteady, living wage.
And Cribb beat him, ye say? No wonder
he suddenly up and wint to his grand-
mither’s funeral. He didn’t have a face
to face me with. This is serious. The
Sailor was a good fair-to-middlin’ fighter.
Maybe I’ll make it Jimmy Flannery, a
very promising heavy.”

 Timothy Lord yawned. “Oh promise
me!” he scoffed, “Flannery looked like a
wilted orange blossom when Young Tom
got finished with him two weeks ago.
Wasn’t it Flannery who up and went to
his uncle’s wake in Weehawken?”

  “It was indade,” said Roaring Mike
grimly. “And I suppose ye’ll be tellin*
me next that me prime heavy, Larry
O’Sullivan, was took by this galloping
wonder. Ye won’t be telling me that, will
ye, Timmy?” he pleaded

  “Under the alias of Battling Sullivan,”
Lord yawned, “Last week in seven rounds.
Where is Larry O’Sullivan, by the way?”
“Visitin’ his grandmither’s aunt that’s
got a pain in me fut,” said Roaring Mike
heavily.

  He pushed himself up from his chair
and strode ponderously toward the door.
He paused with his hand on the knob
and said, “I’m goin’ home to kiss me
Shamrock, Tim, and that ain’t for publi-
cation !”

DIN NY KEOGH was lying on his
back on the living room sofa with
a cold compress on his ear when Roar-
ing Mike shambled in, mumbling to him-
self. Nora sprang up from the sofa-side
and attempted to shield Dinny from Roar-
ing Mike’s gaze with her skirts, but her
father’s glance was wandering and lack-
lustre.

  From force of habit, he muttered, “And
what did the cat drag in this time, Nora-
lass,” but his interest was faint. His
eyes roved the room. “Where’s me bot-
tle of Auld Bushmill’s, coleen? Yer auld
man needs a drink.”

  Nora sprang for the kitchen cupboard
while Roaring Mike sank into the hearth-
side lounge chair with a sigh, ignoring
entirely the presence of Dinny Keogh. He
cupped his heavy chin in his hands and
stared into space. He scratched the back
of his neck, pulled at his ear, and his
eyes again encountered the supine figure
of Dinny.

  “And Who the livin’ hell are you?” he
demanded.

  Dinny said belligerently, “I’m Dinny
Keogh. I’m going to marry your daugh-
ter and you might as well get used to the
idea!”

  Mike stared at him, awed. “Whisht,
young- feller-me-lad, and what happened
to yer face?” he whispered.

  “A difference of opinion,” Dinny grin-
ned, “A difference of opinion with Tom
Cribb. He had the last word.”

  Roaring Mike continued to stare as if
hypnotized. “Surely,” he faltered, “his
gloves were made of barbed wire with an
anvil concealed in either fist.”

  “It was a fair fight and I lost.”

  “He kicked ye whin ye were down, didn’t
he?” Mike pleaded, “He kneed yer poor
Weedin' face and fouled ye in the clinches,
surely ?”

  “It was a fair fight,” Dinny maintained,
“I made a mistake, but . . .”

  “That ye did,” Mike said gloomily,
“The mistake of fightin’ him in the first
place. Young Tom Cribb,” he mumbled,
clenching his fists, “Me very life is
haunted with Young Tom Cribb. ’Twould
be better to call him Young Tom Creep,
I’m thinkin’. And the worst of it is, I
niver clapped eyes on the blasted come-
dian. How does he fight, hey, young fel-
ler ? Come on, speak up, speak up! What’s
that ye got in yer mouth, anyways?”
“There’s nothing in my mouth,” Dinny
mumbled, “That’s my lips sticking out.
How does he fight? Well, it’s half wres-
tling and half boxing, but I can’t say I
remember a lot about it, for after that
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT	57

  body slam he crashed me with in the first
round, tilings became a little hazy. I sort
of remember that he boxes like Tunney,
hits like Louis and wrestles like Jim Lon-
dos, kicks like a mule and dances like Fred
Astaire, and as for the rest of it, you
can liken him to the Invisible Man, espe-
cially when you’re trying to hang a right
hook on his jaw.”

  Nora came in with a tray bearing a
bottle of Irish whiskey and a beer glass.
Mike filled the glass and drained it at a
gulp.

  He filled it again, sawllowed twice
and the glass was empty. He waved Nora
and the tray away.

  “I know me capacity,” he said. “Hmmm.
Thank ye, young feller, ye guv me a lead
on this Young Tom Cribb, sink his soul.
Also an idea, and if its works out now,”
he cocked an eye made sunnier by the
Irish whiskey, “I’ll look favorably on yer
suit for me daughter’s hand, perviding ye
can support her in the style I’d like her to
become accustomed to. Now if ye’ll ex-
cuse me and get the hell out of here . . .”
Dinny said quickly, “Mr. McBride. . .”
“The word is scram, if ye don’t un-
derstand English!”

  "But I . .

  “Ah now, have pity on me gray hairs
and spare me the pother of throwing you
out on yer ear. I want to communicate
with meself, and I can do it best alone.”
At a nod from Nora, Dinny rose from
the sofa, put the cold compress in Roar-
ing Mike’s lap and departed, but leaving
behind him the admonition, “You’ll wish
you’d listened, that’s all I have to say.”
Roaring Mike said irritably, “Wurra,
wurra,” and communicated with himself.

  The next day he took up Rinky Sneed’s
challenge, but obliquely, anonymously, for
he wasn’t really ready yet. All he wanted
to do now was prove that Young Tom
Cribb could be beaten, and for that pur-
pose he imported a wrestler from New
York, called him the Masked Murderer,
and the following Friday sent him to chal-
lenge Cribb in his own ring and in the
sight of all.

  Roaring Mike was at ringside when the
Murderer climbed into the ring. He re-
laxed in his seat with a complacent grin

and smoothed his vest over his paunch.

Ill

IN THE grappling dens of nocturnal
New York, the Murderer was known
as Klutski the Clutch, for his specialty
was to fasten himself around his oppon-
ent’s waist and tighten up notch by notch.
No one had ever found out if his arms
would eventually have met in the middle,
for the bout always ended when his op-
ponent’s innards met his tonsils.

  But things began to go wrong immedi-
ately, and rapidly became a mess. The
Masked Murderer just wasn’t bright—he
had forgotten to put on his mask, for one
thing*. And for another, he had forgotten
his lines and had to take a piece of paper
from his pocket and recite from it in a
hesitant and stilted voice. And in the
third place, Roaring Mike was just 110
good as a showman at all. He could give
the public an honest fight, but he didn’t
know enough about skullduggery to make
it palatable with nosegays and vaudeville.

  Rinky Sneed, on the other hand, was a
past-master. All dressed up like a beau
of the Gay Nineties in a flowered vest, a
high crowned derby, a fat cigar and a
pair of handlebar moustaches donned for
the occasion, he held a short, whispered
conversation with the Murderer, then led
the lumbering behemoth to the mike.

  “Ladies and gentlemen,” he cried in a
high, sarcastic voice, I want you to lie very
hospitable to this little boy here, because
he’s a foreigner. He’s come all the way
from New York, all by himself. Next
year he plans to vote. Give him a big
hand, folks!”

  Mike groaned. The Murderer was not
supposed to have mentioned New York.
The crowd did not like imports, and if it
became apparent that he had been hired
to come, that would be a debacle. An
outside manager could bring in a for-
eigner to fight a local boy, but for a local
resident to do the same was treason.

  The boos rolled down from the gal-
leries with thunderous volume, and sud-
denly Mike found himself on his feet
booing with the best of them.

Rinky Sneed grinned thinly. He knew
58	FIGHT

who had imported the Murderer, and he
gave Mike a jeering, foreboding glance.

   “Now tell me,” he said, putting his hand
on the Murderer’s arm, “who brought
you here to fight Young Tom Cribb? A
local citizen?”

  Mike held his breath. They’d mob him
if it came out, but stolidly the Murderer
held up his paper to the light.

   “I-was-just-passing-through-on-the rail-

road-train,” he read jerkily, like a sixth-
grader reciting the Gettysburg Address,
“I-like-Center-City. I-want-to-marry-and
and-settle-down-here. I need-a-thousand-
doJlars to rent-an-apartment-and-buy-my-
girl-a-ring.”

   The crowd roared derisively. Any girl
who’d have the Murderer wouldn’t be
wearing a ring. A halter would be more
appropriate.

  Rut the Murderer had sense enough to
stop there—or perhaps it was because he
had come to the end of his paper and
couldn’t think of anything to say. De-
spite Rinky Sneed’s sly prodding to elicit
the name of Roaring Mike from his lips,
all he did was stand an occasionally buq).
Onions. Onions always made him burp.
In defeat, Rinky waved him to his corner,
darting Mike a venomous glance.

  Young Tom Cribb was ugly and hairy
—but the Murderer was uglier and hair-
ier, 250 pounds of it. He sat squatly on
his stool, scratched his belly and burped
again, impervious to the hostility of the
crowd.

   Cribb sprang quickly from his stool at
the bell, but the murderer came out slowly,
shaking his hands a little, as if the light
gloves bothered him. He came out in the
wide-legged, spread-armed crouch of a
professional wrestler.

   Cribb evaded his initial pawing grasp
and his hands licked out like striking
snakes. The spat-spat was audible all over
the arena as the gloves landed meatily on
either side of the Murderer’s jaw.

   The Murderer’s eyes flew wide in sur-
prise, but he just pulled in his head a
little more deeply into his shoulders and
plodded forward, weaving his pincer-like
arms. Cribb danced around the ends
of his gloves and hooked a hard right to
his ear, sent in a straight left. The

STORIES

Murderer turned stolidly and followed
him across the ring, hunching his shoul-
ders higher until his shaven bullet head
was almost buried in mountains of
muscle. Cribb was being careful, very
careful, staying out of range of those
clutching arms, depending on his longer
reach to soften up the Murderer for the
decisive later rounds.

  The Murderer gathered himself and
made a rush. It was like the plunging
charge of a rhinoceros, but Cribb ducked
under his reaching arms and swung a
full-bodied left to the pit of the wres-
tler’s stomach. It was like beating a bass
drum. He smashed a right to the jaw,
a left to the mouth, a right to the ;side of
his head, and threw in three lightning left
jabs as he danced back and around to the
middle of the ring.

   But it was as if he had been assaulting
a tank with a bean flipper, for the blows
lost themselves in those layers of muscle,
and the Murderer plodded inexorably for-
ward, ever forward.

  Cribb was sweating now. It glistened
on every hair and ran down his ribs; it
dripped from the ledges over his eyes and
pebbled his upper lip. He was worried.
His Sunday punch had buried itself in
blubber and nothing had happened. His
sharp, cutting punches had no target in the
hard turret of that round, shaven head.

  Cribb was not imaginative, but he did
not like the jolts that jarred his shoulder
blades every time he conected solidly.
He wanted to sit down and talk it over
with Rinky Sneed and get some advice,
but there was no time limit on these
rounds. One man or the other had to go
down before he could get back to his
corner.

A 1 RINGSIDE, Roaring Mike yell—
ed imploringly, “Stay away from
him, Tommy-me-bhoy! Stay away from
him.!”

  Cribb showed his teeth in a wordless
snarl. What the hell did Pudgy think he
was trying to do, sit in the Murderer’s
lap and croon lullabies ? He shot in a long
left and as he circled, his foot slipped.
For a frantic moment he floundered and
he felt the Murderer’s arm slide asound
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT

59

his waist. He twisted, found a hold and
with surging desperation, threw the Mur-
derer with a cross-buttock. The judge’s
whistle screamed shrilly and the round
was over, for the Murderer had touched
knee and hand to the floor.

  Cribb sneered at the cheers that show-
ered him. He had taken the round, but
he knew how hollow had been that small
victory. He was arm weary from punch-
ing and he had gotten no place. The
Murderer just sat phlegmatically on his
stool and burped. Onions. And with
garlic it was the same. Always burps.
The very thought of it made him burp. He
shook his head irritably.

  The thirty seconds ran out and the
fighters went to scratch for the second
round. Cribb’s warning jab spat viciously
against the Murderer’s head, but too high,
too high. It was almost impossible to
find his buried chin from that range. Tak-
ing a chance, he stepped in, hooking with
rights and lefts. He danced back be-
fore the Murderer’s seeking hands could
circle him. He grinned a little. This
was better. There could be more of this.

  But Rinky Sneed, his pointed face
pinched with worry, gnawed at his cigar
and glanced malevolently across the ring
—but Roaring Mike’s seat was empty. He
had fled. Rinky grinned thinly. Tomor-
row. He’d fix Mike tomorrow.

  More confident now, Cribb circled the
ponderous Murderer, then darted in,
shooting a right—but the Murderer had
been lying in wait, and as Cribb came in,
he brought up his linked hands and caught
him under the chin with a terrific, sweeping
blow. Cribb had expected him to grapple,
not strike. Cribb’s legs flew up and he
crashed head and shoulders into the can-
vas. The audience shuddered under a pro-
longed groan.

  The Murderer stared around disgusted
ly, burped, and tramped back to his stool,
This was a hell of a way to rassle. No
jumpings-on, no kicks in the pusses, no
grunts, no groans. He belched and the
stool creaked beneath him. The next
round was the end. He was tired of this
sissy stuff, and he wanted to go home and
take a bicarbonate of soda.

  As the dazed Cribb was dragged to his

corner by his seconds, Roaring Mike
came pounding down the aisle, his collar
open, his face purple, his paunch heav-
ing from the exertion. He galloped to
Cribb’s corner, uncorking a small bottle.
He thrust Rinky Sneed roughly aside,
snarling:

  “Ye want yer tramp to win doncha, ye
under-sized dose of arsenic? Git outta
me way!” Dabbling liquid from the bot-
tle on Cribb’s gloves, he whispered,
“Let him grapple with ye next round, me
bhoy, and whin he does, shove yer gloves
under his fat snoot. That’s all ye gotta
do. Mind me words now!”

  Sneed watched with beady eyes, not at-
tempting to interfere. If Cribb lost now
he had his rival in a box, a box filled
with the barbs and poison of scandal, for
Mike had no right in Cribb’s corner.

  He said loudly, “Leave the boy alone,
Mike!” and noted with satisfaction that
the reporters in the press row had heard
and were staring curiously. That did it!

  Cribb went groggily to scratch at the
whistle, groggily but grimly. Grapple,
eh? He eyed the Murderer’s flat, im-
passive features. There’d be some changes
made there before they got to grips. He
chopped a stinging right and left to the
Murderer’s nose and arched his back as
the wrestler’s arms went around him. The
Murderer braced his legs and settled his
face against Cribb’s chest with a satis-
fied grunt. He cross-locked his hands
and constricted. For a terrifying mo-
ment, Cribb fought against that awful
pressure. His ribs sprang and his eyes
stood out on stalks. He beat against the
side of the Murderer’s head with impo-
tent gloves.

  Mike roared, “Under his snoot, ye stu-
pid ape, under his snoot!”

  The voice came faintly through the
sound of jagged cymbals that crashed in
Cribb’s brain, and weakly he pushed his
gloves under the Murderer’s nose. The
response was instantaneous. The Murderer
jerked up his chin and sharply drew back
his head. He strained away from the
gloves, but Cribb kept them glued to his
upper lip. The Murderer’s expression
changed from that of distaste to one of
horror and agony. He turned green and
60

FIGHT STORIES

finally, releasing his lethal grasp, stag-
gered back, wiping furiousy at his nose
with his fore arm. Thunderous, rum-
bling sounds came from his lips. Cribb
pursued him as fast as his shaking legs
would go. The Murderer covered his face
with crossed arms and retreated. Round
and round the ring he stumbled, rum-
bling like a train in a tunnel. Cribb boxed
him into a corner and hammered pile-
driving rights and lefts into that agon-
ized face, to the tilted shelf of the un-
protected chin. The Murderer looked
almost grateful as his knees crumbled and
he sank into unconsciousness, signalled by
a monumental burp.

  Rinky Sneed snatched the little bottle
from Roaring Mike’s hand and snarled,
“What did you rub on Cribb’s gloves?”
His pointed nose dipped to the lip of the
bottle. His features convulsed and he
thrust out the bottle at arms length.
“Peeyoo!” he gasped, “Garlic!”

  “Essence of garlic,” corrected Mike
complacently, “Poison for a bilious stom-
ach like the Murderer’s, poor lad!”

THE next day, Rinky Sneed brought
out another innovation in ballyhoo, a
paid advertisement in the form of a two-
column sports gossip feature in the Cen-
ter City New,s.

AT RINGSIDE
WITH
RINKY SNEED

  “What prominent manager-promoter,”
he wrote, “sprang a ringer on Young
Tom Cribb, Classic champion of Center
City, and got his comeuppance ? Five
dollars for each correct answer.”

  That was pure inspiration, that five
dollar prize offer. It was not so little
that folks wouldn’t try for it, and not so
much that Sneed would go broke paying
it. And pay it he did, cheerfully, for the
answers came rolling in. It cost him
$5,255—but the name of Roaring Mike
was on every tongue, and the name was
mud.

  Sneed let this situation ferment for
three days, then put over the crusher in
his column.

  “Are you all washed up, Roaring Mike
McBride?” he inquired, “Isn’t there one
real fighter in your stable of bums?
Your St. Patrick’s Arena must be in a
bad way if you don’t have even one boy
you can send against Young Tom. You
must be cheating the public, Mike, if
you’re putting on a show without fighters.
"This is a challenge!”

  “If I don’t hear from you within one
week from date, Mike McBride, I will
proclaim Young Tom Cribb undisputed
Classic Champion of Center City.

  “How will it feel, Mike, going back
to bricklaying ?”

THAT evening Roaring Mike held a
council of war in his office. The
genial bloom had left his cheeks, and
even his prosperous paunch had a dis-
couraged droop. With him were Sailor
Maguire, Jimmy Flannery and Larry
O’Sullivan, his top-bracket heavies. Mike
leaned heavily on his desk and looked at
each of them in turn.

  The Sailor rasped, “Don’t look at me,
Mike. I can’t take the guy.”

  Larry O’Sullivan nodded. “And I ain't
trained to fight his way,” he admitted,
“He gets me all mixed up, Why doncha
challenge him to fight our way?”

  Mike spread his hands in a weary ges-
ture. “Bhoys,” he said sadly, “I jist waited
too long. I been out-witted. They’d
laugh at me if I come out wit a challenge
now. How about you, Jimmy Flannery?”
“I’ll take another shot at him if you
say so, Mike.”

  “But ye don’t have much hope, is that
it?”

  Flannery grimaced. “I can’t get the
hang of trying to break a guy’s arms the
same time I’m punching him in the jsnoot.
It don’t come natural.”

  Big Mike slumped. He raised his hand
and let it fall. “Go home, me bhoys,” he
said, “Go home and water yer lawns, and
if ye have money in the bank, pay off
yer mortgages. It looks like Roaring
Mike McBride’s going out of business.”
After they had gone, he locked the office
and trudged out into the soft darkness of
the summer night. The Arena was closed
for the first week-night in its history. But
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT	61

across town on the North Side, Rinky
Sneed’s Emporium Of Swat was jammed
to the eaves and the customers were fight-
ing on the sidewalk for the last few tick-
ets remaining. It was Tom Cribb’s last
come-one-come-all night, for next week
he would be the crowned king of Center
City.

  Mike trudged his lonely way homeward,
his chin sunk on his breast, his hands
sunk in his pockets. This was the bitter
way of defeat, this lonely road. He had
never thought it would come like this.
Fighting—that was his way. It hurt hav-
ing to slink off like this.

  As he neared the flowering rhododen-
dron that bordered his modest Cape Cod
cottage, a burly figure stepped from be-
hind the bushes and growled:

  “That you, Mike McBride?”

  Mike stopped. He wasn’t afraid, but
his heart was hammering. “ ’Tis meseif,”
he snapped pugnaciously.

  But before he could draw his hands
from his pockets, his assailant was upon
him. A heavy fist crashed against his jaw
and he sagged to the sidewalk. The thug
stood over him as he feebly tried to rise.

  “That’ll teach you to bring in furri-
ners, Mike McBride!”

  Though the words were snarled, they
were curiously empty of rancor, and with
an intuitive flash of understanding, Mike
knew that this attack had been planned
by Rinky Sneed as a blow to his pride.

  The screen door slammed and a lean
figure hurtled down the walk. In a fly-
ing dive, he plunged into the thug and
they rolled on the grass. But only one
rose and the other lay jack-knifed and
writhing. Comforting hands helped Mike
to his feet and Nora’s young voice panted:
“Did he hurt you, Dad?”

  Mike ruefully rubbed his jaw.
“Whisht!” he grumbled, “A McBride
niver gits hurt with a sock in the snoot.
But who is this cock o’ the world that
came lepping to me rescue now ?”

   “That’s Dinny Keogh, the boy who . . .”
“Aye,” said Mike gloomily, “the bhoy
who made a mistake fighting Young Tom
Cribb, me curses on his hairy hide. Help
me in the house, me bhoy. These she-
nanigans kind of shook me up, like.”

  Between them, Nora and Dinny helped
him into the living room and when Nora
went for the whiskey bottle, Mike looked
critically at Dinny’,s lean, tanned face and
said politely:

  “I’m glad to see yer face is back to its
normal ugliness, me bhoy. But ’twas a
good lesson to keep yer nose out of other
people’s gloves.”

  Dinny grinned. “It was a good lesson,”
he agreed, “But I’ll take him the next
time.”

  Mike chuckled. “Ye can’t beat the
Irish,” he said, “Especially the thick Irish.
So there’s goin’ to be a next time, hey?”

  “You bet there is.”

  “Well, well, now? And what makes
ye such a fightin’ cock and all ?”

  “Because I’m going to marry your
daughter and I need the money to buy a
gas station. I have fifteen hundred dol-
lars, but I need another thousand.”

  Mike listened thoughtfully. “It’s a
wonder bhoy, ye are,” he observed, “Yer
the only one that fut this Cribb that wants
another dose. Ye think ye can beat him,
surely ?”

  “Well,” Dinny’s chin went up, “he
won’t take me by surprise this time. I’m
in good condition. I played football and
I can take care of myself. I’ve got a
chance.”

  “And a fightin’ heart too, I’m thinkin,”
Mike muttered. “It’s a good build ye got
—broad in the shoulder and lean in the
shanks, and the courage to take on a man
bigger than yerself as ye just did out there
on the sidewalk,” he hooked his thumbs
in the armholes of his vest and said in a
suddenly business-like voice, “See here,
young-feller-me-lad, “I’ll make ye a
proposition . . .”

IV

THE next day all Center City was
electrified by the full page ad in the
News, surmounted by the smiling picture
of jovial Roaring Mike McBride himself.

“I’M CALLING YOUR BLUFF,
RINKY SNEED!

  “I’m taking up the challenge against
your grasshopper champion, Tom Cribb,
62

FIGHT STORIES

and against him I’ll match the Wonder
Boy of the Fistic World, none other than
Center City’s own

“DINNY KEOGH
“And though gambling’s against the
law who’s to know if I bet my St. Pat-
rick’s Arena against your run-down Em-
porium of Swat?

“PUT UP OR SHUT UP, RINKY
SNEED!”

  Rinkey Sneed sat in his office, the pa-
per spread before him. His ferret-bright
eyes darted from the bold print to Tom
Cribb, who lay on the couch across the
room, interested in pulling hairs from his
ears. Rinky’s glance was calculating and
cold, and there were dollar signs behind
it.

  “You didn’t look so good last night,
Cribb,” he said sharply, “What’s the mat-
ter, getting old?”

 “Me, boss? I took on eight guys,
didn’t I?”

  “In three and a half hours. Slipping?”
Cribb looked abashed. Rinky’s thin,
metallic voice could do that to him. “Aw,
boss,” he mumbled, “I was juss kind of
showing off. It was me lass night, and
I was clowning it up.”

  “If that’s all, okay. But from now on
I don’t want any monkey business. Did
you see this?” he tapped the spread of
Mike’s ad.

  “Yeah. Lousy picture of Mike, ain’t
it? A baboon, Haw, haw!”

  “Shut up! Didn’t you read it?”

  “I was kind of busy at the time and—
aw, hell, who wants to read what that guy
says anyway?”

  Rinky knew Cribb couldn’t read, but he
liked to rub it in. Somehow, though,
this game didn’t seem to have much
flavor.

  “Keogh,” he said, “Dinny Keogh. You
beat a guy by that name.”

  “That’s a fact, boss. Four-five weeks
ago. A young guy.”

  Rinky’s eyes narrowed the way they
always did when his sharp little mind
was searching for the joker in what
looked like an honest deal. Rinky had
plenty of experience with those jokers.
Suspiciously, he reread the ad.

  “I don’t get it,” he admitted sourly.
“He’s putting up a monkey you already
beat, and betting his Arena against
mine.”

  Cribb whistled and sat up. “Say, boss,”
he said brightly, “what’ll my cut be?”

ROARING Mike McBride was feeling
a lot less jovial than he looked as he
marched down the aisle before Dinny
Keogh and the honor guard of seconds
and handlers behind. Beneath his white
sweater, his heart had butterflies, and his
feet were quaking in their number fifteen
prisons.

  Hairy and slightly simian, Cribb was
already in the ring, swapping jokes with
his admiring partizans, and when Dinny
climbed between the ropes, he roared
boisterously:

  “Well, well, if it ain’t me old punch-
ing bag, Dinny Keogh! I got a pair of
horseshoes you can put in your gloves if
you want.”

  “Dinny flushed, but he showed a flash-
ing grin and waved his hand. “Getting
old and flabby, Tom? You offered me
anvils the last time.”

  He got a laugh for that and even Cribb
grinned.

  Roaring Mike’s eyes were watchful and
appraising. Cribb was a half inch -shorter
than Dinny, but he was bulky, and in com-
parison the boy was a peeled stripling, six
feet one and lean as a bull whip. He
didn’t have the weight for a fight like this.

  Sneed called derisively across the ring,
“Make it another five thousand, Mike.
Or are you a piker?”

  Mike snarled, “Make it ten!” and im-
mediately regretted his quick, Irish
tongue. But it was done, and he turned
to Dinny, showing a smiling, confident
face.

  The referee called the fighters to the
middle of the ring and gave them the
slightly bewildering instructions, for these
were not the National Sporting Club rules.
He patted them on the shoulders and sent
them back to their corners for the gong.
This was all done in the fine old classic
style. The referee was a deputy sheriff
and wore his star on his suspenders, and
on his hip hung an ivory-handled six
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT	63

shooter. Hollywood could have used
Rinky Sneed. For this bout, he had in-
stalled a gong with a funereal knell.

  It tolled and both fighters left their
stools fluidly and quickly. Dinny held his
hands as a boxer would—the left crooked
and out-thrust, the right close to his jaw
and ready. But, scowling, Cribb came out
with a pantherish leap, crouched low, both
arms extended. He looked wide open—a
delusion, for Cribb could move with light-
ning speed.

  He feinted with his body to draw a
lead, but Dinny merely circled, standing
straight-up, watchful, his hands bobbing a
little, but poised and close, offering no
handle for a Flying Mare or a body slam.
He had been there before. Cribb grin-
ned narrowly and prowled around his
wary opponent, feinting with both hands
now. But Dinny’s eyes were on Cribb’s
feet. He pivoted slowly, refusing to be
drawn into a lead.

  Cribb straightened suddenly and threw
a long straight left. Dinny’s right spat
out, beating the punch, and drew a trickle
of red from Cribb’s nose. Cribb bobbed,
shot another left, crouched and pointed
with a right that purposely missed and
offered his body for a left. But Dinny
grinned and winked, for Cribb’s right
would have locked on Dinny’s wrist if he
tried for it, and a fall would have fol-
lowed

  Cribb scowled. He had to force this
fight or lose the popular acclaim, but this
monkey wouldn’t be drawn. Cribb count-
ed on that first, crushing fall. He circled
lithely, watching for that opening, the
opening that would send his opponent to
the canvas with a bone wrenching crash.
Dinny Keogh could hit. That he knew.
His cabbage ear was still a witness to the
fact. He didn’t want another.

  He circled tigerishly, waiting, watch-
ing. He was expert at this. Keogh
would make a mistake. They always did.
They weren’t trained to this kind of fight-
ing. It took years—years and a blood-
thirsty louse like Rjnky Sneed to promote
it. Cribb had no illusions about Rinky
Sneed.

  He padded patiently around Dinny,
shooting an occasional punch, but waiting,

always waiting. He offered his chin for
Dinny’s right, but Dinny just waggled his
glove derisively. He, too, was waiting.

  The crowd was getting impatient. And,
as far as that goes, so was Cribb. Usu-
ally, by this time, he had the fight in his
pockct. This wasn’t running on schedule.
A body slam, he remembered, a body slam
had done for Keogh the last time. He’d
be watching for that. Give him the Mare
with an arm-wrenching twist. That was
the one. The Mare. He circled until he
had Dinny pivoting in the middle of the
ring, then sprang . . .

  The breath went out of him with a
whoooosh! and he went back across the
ring on his shoulder blades. It was the
first time he had encountered the smash-
ing block of a hard-running fullback.
Dinny had caught him mid-stride with
shoulder and side, the full weight of his
thrusting leg behind it. Cribb had never
played football. That was obvious.

  The judge’s whistle screamed as Cribb
skidded into the ringpost. His back look-
ed like what happens to your hip after a
reckless slide into third base.

  Rinky Sneed hissed into his ear, “I
thought you took this tramp once before.
Snap it up, ya bum, or I’ll pin your ears
back.

  Cribb’s isides heaved painfully. “Next
round,” he panted, “He’s got somethin’
new.”

  White-faced Nora sat at ringside.
Dinny had not wanted her to come, but
there was too much riding on their fight.
She fluttered her handkerchief and man-
aged a pallid grin when he winked down
at her as he walked to his corner.

  Roaring Mike worked over him, saying
joyfully, “Ye got him, Dinny-bhoy. Ye
stopped him cold. Ye got him!”

  Dinny shook his head. He didn’t have
him, not yet, and that block wouldn’t
work a second time. Cribb was too smart
for that.

THE bell tolled at the end of the thir-
ty-second respite, and the fighters
went to scratch. The referee stepped back
and Cribb jabbed with a snaky left, fol-
lowed by a hard right to the side of the
head, tried for the midsection, but Dinny
64

FIGHT STORIES

countered with a right to the jaw and cir-
cled. Cribb bobbed and weaved and came
in hard, hooking like a wounded bull.
Dinny stepped back and nailed him be-
tween nose and cheekbone with a driving
left.

  Cribb bled and shook his head and
Dinny rocked him with a right and left.
Cribb grabbed for his wrist and turned to
throw him with a cross-buttock, but Din-
ny slammed into him with his full body
and chopped his face with sharp hooks
as he went back to the ropes.

  Roaring Mike tore his sponge to bits
and Rinky Sneed shredded his cigar be-
tween his teeth.

  The referee parted the fighters when
Cribb clinched and held on. Cribb cir-
cled and fell back. He dropped his
hands, hitched up his trunks, turned his
back on Dinny, took two steps away from
him, then whirled and dived at him in a
hard-thrusting flying tackle. This had
taken many a man by surprise, but Dinny
leaped toward him, swaying his hips just
a fraction, evading the grasp, and shot out
a straight-arm as they crossed. Dinny
laughed as Cribb pancaked, face-down, on
the canvas. The whistle shrilled and
Cribb, dazed, lurched to his feet.

  Roaring Mike kneaded Dinny's heaving
stomach and whispered, “And jist exactly
was that one, Dinny-bhoy? I niver saw
the like of it in the whole o’ me life.”

  Dinny said, “Football,” and grinned.
He relaxed his muscles under Mike’s
skillful hands.

  It was Cribb who came out slowly and
warily at the gong. Cast aside were his
wrestling tactics and he looked more like
a true fighting man as he shuffled from
his corner, weaving and bobbing, his
hands poised for a blow rather than a
grab. He grinned. This was what he
really liked. That other stuff was okay
against the clowns Rinky Sneed had
matched him with, but against a boy like
Dinny a real stand-up fight was the thing!

  He bobbed under Dinny’s reaching jab
and lanced in a straight left that took
Dinny high on the forehead, snapping his
head back, drove in a right to the body,
but took in return a slashing right and
left that rocked him to his heels. This

monkey could punch! He moved more
warily. He bobbed, feinting, and grin-
ned as he sank a left to the heart, but in
the next instant his grin was nailed to his
teeth by a crashing left. He back-ped-
elled and the grin stayed where it was. He
offered his chin and drove in under Din-
ny’s right, pumping short, vicious hooks
to the stomach, the heart, the belly.

  He had a chance then to throw Dinny
with a cross-buttock, but he just
crouched tighter and hammered away at
the midsection. This was a fight now!
Dinny let himself be driven back to the
ropes, then chopped twice for the side of
Cribb’s head and turned as Cribb went
into the ropes from the force of his own
momentum. Dinny straightened him up
with a short right that had bone, muscle
and sinew behind it. It took Cribb on the
side of the neck and sent him lurching
into the corner. Dinny followed relent-
lessly, stabbing over the feeble defense
of Cribb’s raised arms.

  He drove a left to the heart, and as
Cribb’s arms came down, he shot a
straight, ramming right to the jaw. Cribb
toppled into him and he stepped back,
raising his arms, and Cribb went to the
floor. The judge’s whistle shrieked into
the pandemonium—there was no count
in this scrap—and Dinny trotted to his
corner.

  The seconds dragged Cribb to his cor-
ner and Rinky Sneed, his cigar cast aside,
worked frantically over him.

  Cribb was able to stand at the bell.
Gamely but blindly, he wavered to iscratch,
and when the referee stepped back, he
lurched at Dinny, still punching, still try-
ing. Dinny caught him under the arm-
pits, held him up and turned his head in
appeal to the referee. Cribb was still try-
ing to fight himself clear when his sec-
onds bore him to his stool.

  Roaring Mike was dancing a come-all-
ye in the middle of the ring, bellowing.
He grabbed Dinny, hustled him out of the
clutch of the hysterical crowd and ran him
up the aisle to the dressing room, where
Nora was waiting. Grinning, Mike step-
ped back into the corridor and closed the
door. He stood for a minute with his
tongue in his cheek, then rubbed his
AN HONEST FIGHT EVERY NIGHT	65

horny hands together and went hunting
for Rinky Sneed’s office.

  Rinky was huddled behind his fancy
desk when Mike burst in with a roar.

  “Rinky, me bhoy,” he cried, “I’ll take it
kindly if ye’ll git the hell outa me chair
and away from behind me desk.”

  Rinky gave him a venomous glance, but
slunk out of the chair. Roaring Mike
dropped into it, patted the padded arms
and looked around with an air of satis-
faction. His nose wrinkled but there
was a twinkle in his eye. He waved a
thick hand at the garish furnishings.

  “Take a look at it, will ye!” he mar-
velled, “It’s as fancy as a lady’s front
parlor. What we need in here, Rinky,
me lad, is more spitoons and fewer nakit
women on the walls. There’ll be a few
changes made, now that I’m sole owner
and proprietor.”

  Rinky snarled wordlessly. He dug into
his pocket for the keys to the Emporium
Of Swat and furiously threw them across
the desk.

  “The interest on the mortgage,” he
said in a mean voice, “is due on the 30th
of every month.”

  Roaring Mike’s eyes opened a little.
“Ah, a mortgage is it? and just what is
the amount of this famous mortgage?”
“Thirty thousand dollars.”

  “Ye don’t say,” said Mike soberly, “Ye
. . . don’t . . . say.”

  “And the contractor who put in the new
balcony last fall holds a corporation note
for fifteen thousand dollars.”

  “The thievin’ robber!” Mike gasped, “I
could of done the job meself for ten.”
“And there’s still seven thousand due
on the new air conditioning unit,” Rinky
said derisively.

  “We-11, we-11, is there now? It seems
to me that air comes a lot cheaper over
at me own St. Pat’s Arena.”

  Rinky hooked his thumbs in the arm-
holes of his vest. “I’m a little in arrears
with the taxes,” he purred, “But it’s noth-
ing that five thousand dollars won’t clear
up.”

  Roaring Mike scratched his chin. He
stole a quick glance at the gaudy office

5—Fight—Fall

and winced. He took a deep breath and
put on his most persuasive smile.

  “Rinky, me bhoy,” he said genially, “I
been thinkin’ it over. If I went and took
this arena away from ye now, why I’d be
in competition with meself, and that’s silly
on the face of it. Tell ye what I’ll . .

  “Just a minute,” Rinky jeered, “There’s
something else I forgot to tell you. The
mayor owns ten percent of the stock in the
Emporium, the police commissioner owns
another ten and the chief of police took
fifteen. They’re your partners now.”

  “Not mine, me bhoy. Yours.”

  “Not on your life, bud. This is your
arena.”

  “Oho, is it now! And did we sign pa-
pers ?”

  “What’re you trying to do—welsh on
the bet, Mike? This is your arena and
don’t you forget it. I’m taking the first
train out of town before the chief of
police, the mayor and the police commis-
sioner crack down on me for non-payment
of taxes and other debts. They were
threatening to throw me in jail, but if you
put up the five thousand for the taxes I
guess they’ll leave you alone for awhile.
So long, Mike.”

  Grinning, he tipped his hand from his
forehead and strutted out of the office.

  Mike groaned, “Wurra, wurra,” and
forked his fingers through his hair. “If
I was a young feller, now, with ambition
in me very bones, I could make a payin’
business outta feenancial collapse. Wurra,
wurra!” All he wanted to do was to sit
in his lounge chair and drink a quart of
Irish whiskey and watch over the peace-
able affairs of St. Pat’s Arena. This
Emporium needed hard work, but it could
be done. Work! Mike shuddered. He
plodded out of the office.

  As he opened the door to Dinny Keogh’s
dressing room, the boy and Nora sprang
guiltily apart.

  “Ah, ’twas a pretty picture indeed,”
Mike said fondly, “Ye make a handsome
couple and I’m givin’ ye me blessings.
And what’s more,” he went on as inspi-
ration seized him, “I’ve got a little sur-
prise for ye. Guess what I’m givin’ ye
for a weddin’ present?”
Poor Jake!

 By Harold Heljer

YOU CAN look up and down the annals of
the ring and you won’t find a pugilist that
you’ll feel any more sorry for than one,
Jake Kilrain, following his 106-rounder with
Jem Smith, the English champ.

  If ever there was a guy who seemed to get the
hack of the hand despite the most commendable
determination and valor, it was Jake Kilrain in
this fight. To begin with, he was outnumbered.
Originally, there had been something like eight
Americans in his party but four of them, in wind-
ing their surreptitious way to a swampy island
in a marshy part of the Seine River in France
where the illegal match was to be held, got lost.
Thus, of the 100 or so spectators who did get
there, virtually all were Englishmen, deeply parti-
san, in their sentiments and in their financial
wagers, to the Britisher, Jem Smith.

  The year was 1887, when the boxing glove was
first beginning to be used. In fact, back in
America, what fighting Jake Kilrain had done
always had been with gloves. This was to be his
first bare knuckle encounter and also, as a matter
of fact, his first appearance in a professional
prize ring.

  The Englishmen, consisting pretty much of the
nobility, were quite certain that their man, highly
touted the world over, would waste little time and
experience no difficulty in finishing off the raw
lummox from across the waters.

  But, although Smith landed a blow at the out-
set that closed one of Kilrain’s eyes, it became
evident quickly that the game American was going
to be far from a pushover and, indeed, that Smith
was going to need all his ring lore and stamina to
survive.

  As one of the chroniclers of the event reported,
“When Kilrain came up for the next round there
was something in the expression of his good eye
that caused Smith’s seconds to warn him.” In
every round from the fourth through the 11th
Kilrain knocked Smith down at least once and
by the 50th round he had knocked him down more
than 30 times. The last portion of the fight
seemed to follow just about the same pattern.

  But, while Kilrain was doing plenty all right
against his ring opponent, that is, against one
specific one, namely Jem Smith, he was having
discomforting moments with Smith’s seconds, in
particular a chappie named Baldoch.

  It seems that in those days if the two pugilistic
opponents got into a clinch they would wrestle
each other trying to break out of it and if both
men went down, which frequently happened, then
the seconds ran into the ring and brought their
man back to his corner. Well, it seems that
Smith’s second, Baldoch, would use his oppor-
tunity in the ring to do nefariously mischevious
things to Kilrain.

  “At the end of the 32nd round,” went an ac-
count of the fight, “Kilrain staggered to his feet,
half blinded. ‘Mr. Atkinson,’ he addressed the
referee, ‘that man Baldoch rammed his finger
into my eye as I lay there and tried to gouge it

out. You can see for yourself.’

  “His left eye was streaming with blood. The
right eye had been closed for an hour. The
wound in the eye was on the lower lid where
the nails of Smith (apparently not a paragon of
gentlemanly attributes, either) had dug into it.
Fortunately, he had not succeeded in piercing the
eyeball. Atkinson reproved Baldoch.”

  But, reproof or not, it appeared Baldoch could
not be contained from his rather underhanded
practices. At one juncture Charley Mitchell,
Kilrain’s handler, leaped into the ring and cried
out: “You dare not maltreat my man. 1 blush
to acknowledge that you are Englishmen. Here’s
a lad who has come three thousand miles over-
seas to fight your champion. He never even saw
a prize fight before. He has no friends here
while there’s one hundred against him. He’s
going to have his right or I’ve got to get licked
as well as he.”

  Even this stirring declaration did not deter the
determined Baldoch and at the end of the 38th
round, while in the ring supposedly to pick up
his gladiator, was seen trying to break a finger
of Kilrain. This was too much for Mitchell and
he jumped into the ring and took a swing at
Baldoch, knocking him out of the ropes. Baldoch
got back in and the two seconds went at it ham-
mer and tong, threatening to eclipse in fierceness
the main event, but ringsiders finally brought it
to a halt.

  As the fight passed the 100-round mark there
was no doubt that, from one quarter and another,
the American had absorbed quite a bit of punish-
ment. “Kilrain’s right eye was puffed like a
miniature 'balloon,” a journalist wrote. “His
left eye could open itself only partially. His jaw
looked like a piece of raw beefsteak and there
were bumps on his forehead the size of eggs.
A continual stream of blood flowed from his
right car where it was torn. There were blood
smears all over, his body although it was kept
continually sponged.”

  But, although Smith only had one opponent in
the ring to contend with, the journalist went on to
say that the Englishman’s appearance “was even
worse,” indicating very strongly that Kilrain had
got much the better of the embroglio. In the
106th round Kilrain knocked Smith down again
and the Britisher seemed to have trouble getting
up but the fight was stopped and called a draw
“because of darkness.”

  A heartbreaking denouement for Jake Kilrain,
it goes without saying, and a rather strange fight
all the way around, but perhaps the most curious
part of it was the presence at the ring of a
rather small Englishman with patches of hair
at his cheekbones. He was the Marquis of Qucens-
bury, the man who was to set down our modern
civilized rules for pugilistic ring behavior. And
what was the Marquis’ reaction to all this skull-
duggery and mayhem on behalf of his compatriot
prizefighter? “He wandered socially about,” it
was recorded.

66
The Lady
Likes Blood

By Bill Erin

“1*11 murder the bum” Mason yelled at Adele.
McNear fumed,

The title was the least these two men
were fighting for. There was a brown-
haired honey who had ’em both sizzling
before the bell ever rang*

OLD TOM JOHNSON looked up
at the man standing in the door-
way. The man was a fighter, Tom
could tell that by looking at his face. It
had been a good-looking face once, but
now it was marked too much. The man
was still youthful but something had aged
him.

  Old Tom grunted. It was his way of
greeting.

 “Tom Johnson?”

 Old Tom grunted again, looking up
 sourly at the man.

 “Fin Jimmy McNear.”

 Old Tom grunted the third time. The
 name didn’t mean anything to him. Too
 many men came to his gym office every
 day.

 “I’m looking for a match and apparently
 —can’t get one in New York without a

67
68

FIGHT STORIES

manager." The man seemed undaunted
by Old Tom’s cold attitude. He stood in
the doorway easily, steadily regarding the
well known manager.

  “Whodjaeverfight?” It almost sounded
like a fourth grunt.

  “Solly Mason seventy-three times.”

  Old Tom’s head snapped up and his
eyes came open. He didn’t say anything
and his face held a question.

 Jimmy McNear smiled faintly. “We
did a series of exhibitions overseas right

after the European war closed-a long

series.”

  Old Tom’s head slowly sank again and
his eyes lidded. He was unimpressed.

  “I learned a lot in those fights,” said
the man a little grimly.

  “ Whereyabeensince ?”

  “Out on the West Coast. I met some
pretty good boys out there, and beat them.
Haven’t lost a fight since my discharge.”
“Howdjahappentopickme ?”

  “Had an old trainer and sort of manager
on the Coast. He told me to look you up
if I ever came East. Name is Ziggy
Peters.”

  “Ziggy?” Old Tom’s feet came off the
desk and his face turned up alert and
smiling. “How is the old fathead?” He
forgot his role and the words were under-
standable.

 “Fine,” said Jimmy. “Getting old
though. Figured he was too old to keep
climbing in and out of rings and getting
all excited.”

  “Old? Why, I’ll say he must be old.
He was old when I first started in this
racket.” Old Tom shook his head slowly,
thinking back. “I’ll say he must be old.
He told you to look me up?”

  “That’s right.”

  Old Tom remembered his role again
and subsided a little. He hooked his
thumbs in his vest and looked the fighter
up and down. “So you want some fights?
Well, I can get them for you if you’re
any good. Ziggy probably wouldn’t fool
with you unless you were.”

  “I’m good-now,” said Jimmy, grim-
ness returning to his voice.

  Old Tom squinted at him. “Middle-
weight ?”

  “Right.”

  “Solly Mason’s still champ, you know.”
  “I know.”

  “Okay, come with me.”

  Old Tom took Jimmy back to the locker
room and scooped out the bottom of a
locker, throwing aside an old towel, sweat-
shirt and one shoe. “Take this one,” he
said. “You got duds?”

  Jimmy nodded at the bag he was carry-
ing.

  “Okay, get dressed and come out to the
ring. I’ll line something up.”

  Jimmy slipped into the ring a few min-
utes later. He was dressed in a pair of
old trunks and Tom noticed the ripple to
his muscled back and the good slope to
his shoulders. While Tom was putting a
pair of heavy gloves on him, Jim looked
across at his opponent. He was only about
twenty and danced in his corner, sticking
his mouthpiece in and out and blowing
through his nose the way he thought a
fighter should. Jimmy grinned to himself.

  “Okay,” Tom shouted, “go to it.” He
stepped aside and let the two fighters come
together.

  Jimmy fought upright, moved in on his
toes, but didn’t dance and waste energy.
He watched his opponent closely.

  The kid came dancing in with a great
deal of flourish. He lashed out with a
long left and Jimmy picked it off easily.
Jimmy stepped in close to draw a punch
and the kid swung a savage right-hand
haymaker. Jimmy rolled and leaned back
just a little. The right flashed past in
front of his nose and Jimmy was immedi-
ately alert for the left-hand follow. But
it didn’t come. The kid, having missed,
was far off balance and wide open. Jimmy
grinned and crossed with a left, pulling the
punch as he tapped the kid on the chin.

  The kid straightened up and drove at
Jimmy furiously, hitting with left and
right and pounding with everything he
had. Jimmy had a rough time for a mo-
ment, but managed to tie the kid up with
both of them unscathed.

THE kid bounced back energetically,
swarming in, and Jimmy saw that
the kid had orders to kill his opponent if
he could. He didn’t want to cut the kid
up and hated to hurt him, but a good,
THE LADY LIKES BLOOD	69

clean knockout was the only solution un-
less he wanted to fool around until the
kid tagged him with one of those wild
swings.

  Jimmy blocked a right and drove his
own right hard to the pit of the stomach.
Then he crossed his left expertly to the
jaw and hooked his right to the other
side of the jaw. The kid sprawled out
across the canvas.

  Jimmy spit his mouthpiece into his glove
and looked at Old Tom. “That was a
mighty poor piece of try-out you gave me,”
he said.

 Old Tom shrugged. “Why should I
throw one of my good boys at you and
ruin his confidence? As a matter of fact,
I don’t have anything very good right now.
Besides, how did I know you were gonna
pull your punches and tap around? You
said you’d been trained by Solly Mason.”
Jimmy’s face froze. “I said I had some

exhibitions with him in the Army-1

didn’t say he trained me.”

  “Uh-huh,” said Old Tom. “Did Solly
ever pull a punch?”

  “Sure,” said Jimmy, “when he wanted
to cut me up.”

  Old Tom wisely refrained from any
more questions. “Okay,” he said, “I’ll get
you some fights. You can use that locker
and train here. A lot of the good boys

train here at times-even Solly Mason!”

  Old Tom got Jimmy fights all right, and
Jimmy took them on in business-like
fashion. Jimmy always gave the customers
a good show. He had a knockout wallop
in either hand and he bowled over the men
he met. Within a year Jimmy’s name be-
came known in the East.

  Old Tom stopped him at the gym one
day. “Say,” he said, “Solly Mason’s going
to train here for the Jenkins fight. He’s
looking for good sparring partners. You
interested ?”

  “No,” said Jimmy.

  “He pays pretty good money to his
sparring partners,” said Tom.

  “He should,” said Jimmy shortly, and
he walked away.

  Solly Mason came in to train every
afternoon, belting kids around the ring,
punching them silly even with the heavy
gloves. To Solly fighting was a joy. He

was a born killer and liked to punch a
man around. To Jimmy it was a business
and he set about to win a fight in the
easiest possible manner for both him and
his opponent. He didn’t have the color
of Solly Mason, but Old Tom recognized
in him already a possible challenger for
Mason’s crown.

  Jimmy deliberately avoided the loud-
mouthed champion. He fooled with the
bags in the morning and did a little spar-
ring, trying to teach Old Tom’s kids some-
thing, then quit about the time Solly was
due. He hid in the showers under a
cascade of water while Solly dressed, and
came out when the champion had gone into
the gym. Then Jimmy dressed and left.

  About a week after Solly went into
training, Jimmy was leaving and stopped
in a corner a moment to watch Solly,
across the gym, pummel a sparring part-
ner. Even with the heavy gloves, Solly
was giving the kid a bad time and had
him a little groggy. Jimmy turned away,
a little sick with the remembrance of
seventy-three times he had gone through
the same thing with Solly, but with fight-
ing gloves. Exhibitions! Exhibitions of
how Solly Mason could knock a man out,
or cut him up, or beat him groggy. But
Jimmy had been in the army and his orders
were to climb in the ring and fight Solly
Mason whenever an exhibition was sched-
uled.

  Jimmy opened the door and almost ran
down a girl standing there. She must have
been peeking in the window and Jimmy,
preoccupied, had bumped her head, knock-
ing her silly hat askew.

  “I’m sorry,” he said, grabbing her by
the elbows to keep her from falling, “I
didn’t see you.”

  “That’s all right.” She gave him a smile
and Jimmy’s heart did three quick nip-ups.
She was peaches and cream. Jimmy
couldn’t tear himself away.

  “Can I help you with anything?” He
asked eagerly.

  “Possibly you can,” she said, straighten-
ing the hat on her rich brown hair. Her
face was classic except for a nose that
was just a little too snubbed, and to Jimmy
she was the prettiest thing he’d ever seen.
“I’m looking for Solly Mason.”
70

FIGHT STORIES

  Jimmy’s heart did a quick dive into the
pit of his stomach. “Oh, no,” he said.

  She looked surprised. “Oh, yes, I am.
What’s so surprising about that?”

  “Well” said Jimmy, still not believing,

“it just-1 mean, you don’t look-,”

he stumbled thinking of the type of girl

Solly usually dated-and he still didn’t

believe it. The girl was nice. She was-

nice!

  Then a sudden thought came to him.
“What did you want to see him about?”
His voice was hopeful, looking for ail
easy explanation.

  Her surprise deepened. “Don’t you
think that’s my business?”

  “Well, sure, I just meant-1 mean,

I thought maybe I could help you.”
“You can. If you’ll tell Mr. Mason I’m
here I shall be grateful. My business with
him is personal.”

  “Oh.” Jimmy’s face hardened. “Thank
you. I’ll tell him.” He turned away and
strode across the gym to where Solly was
resting until another partner was ready
for him. Jimmy’s mind was so busy and
he was so angry that he was halfway
across the gym before he remembered that
he was going to talk to Solly Mason! His
stride faltered and he almost stopped.

  Solly Mason! A hard, cold lump formed
in his throat at the thought of Solly’s ugly
face leering at him across a pair of gloves.
He was tired, so tired, and his face was
bleeding from cuts that didn’t have time
to heal between bouts. The doughboys
were hollering and he tried to get his
guard in the right place, but Solly kept
smashing it aside and flicking those gloves
into his bloody face. Jimmy couldn’t lay
down and quit in front of all these GI’s.
but his legs were rubbery and his arms
heavy, and Solly just danced around,
flicking and cutting and making himself
look good instead of delivering the coup
de grace and ending it all.

JIMMY shook his head to clear it and
found that he was at ringside. He
heard Solly’s hoarse, rough voice and
looked up.

  “Jimmy,” Solly yelled. He threw his
head back and guffawed. “Well I’ll be a,
wooden saw-horse, if it isn’t old Jimmy.”

  “Hi, Sol,” said Jimmy.

  “Say,” said Solly “you’re just the man
I’m looking for. I need a good sparring
partner. Come on, I’ll fix you up in some
togs and you can show these bums how
to take it.”

  “No thanks,” said Jimmy coldly. “I’m
not in the army now I don’t have to get
in there and let you show off.”

  Solly allowed surprise in exaggerated
proportion to cross his face. “Let me?”
He guffawed again. “Don’t take it to
heart, Jimmy. Besides, it seems to me
you used to fight back now and then and

I	had to give you a lesson.” Solly let his
raucous laugh peal out again.

  Sure, he had fought back before he got
too tired, before the tricks and pounding
of Solly wore him down. He had been
no match for the experience and ability
of the older man.

  “You gotta admit, Jimmy, you learned
when you were fighting the champion.”

  “Sure,” said Jimmy. “I learned a lot of
things.” He had at that. The last eight
or nine exhibitions he had been giving the
champion a rough time. He tagged the
champ every now and then and once he
had nearly put the great Solly Mason on
the ropes. But Solly had what it took and
he always came back to lace Jimmy un-
mercifully in the later rounds. It never
paid to fight back, although Jimmy always
did.

  “Watcha doing Jimmy? Still fighting?”
Solly was curious about this fighter who
had never quit during seventy-three beat-
ings.

  “Yeah,” said Jimmy, “I’m still fighting.”
Then he remembered why he had come
over. “Just came to tell you that there’s a
girl at the door waiting for you.” He
indicated the girl and watched Solly
closely. Solly looked over and his chest
puffed up. He had always been proud of
his women. This one he could afford to
be proud of. A leer came to Solly’s face.

  “She the current rage?” Jimmy was
goaded into the question by something he
couldn’t understand.

  Solly looked down at him and guffawed.
“Sure, Jimmy, you know how I was with
the women.” He waved his glove and
shouted across the gym. “Hi’ya, Honey,
THE LADY LIKES BLOOD

71

come on over.”

  That was enough for Jimmy. He turned
away and started back across the gym.
He met the girl halfway and she didn’t
look as though she were advancing eagerly
to meet a lover.

  “Thank you,” she said coldly to Jimmy.

  Jimmy stopped doggedly and regarded
her. She stopped too, uncertain. Jimmy
looked at her well-dressed figure, looked
into her clear, hazel eyes and shook his
head. “No sir,” he said.

  “I beg your pardon?”

  “No sir, you don’t look like the kind
of girl that would fall for a lout like Solly
Mason.” Jimmy’s eyes were cold and
hostile.

  Her eyes widened in surprise for a
moment and then anger swept across her
face. She turned on her heel and walked
toward Solly Mason.

  About two days before the Jenkins fight,
Jimmy found out who the girl was. The
papers were full of pictures of her, pic-
tures of Solly Mason, the middleweight
champion, and of the two together. She
was Adele Lemuir, an actress who seemed
to be a champion in her own field al-
though Jimmy didn’t care much for the
name, and she announced her engagement
to Solly. She was opening a new show
on Broadway the night after the Jenkins
fight.

  Solly announced to the world that
he would be there, win, lose or draw
against Jenkins. She would be at ringside
to cheer Mason on.

  Jimmy attended the fight. She was not
only there but climbed into the ring and
was introduced to the cheering crowd as,
“the champion’s fiancee who is opening a
new show on the great white way tomor-
row night.”

  Jimmy prayed fervently that Jenkins
would knock Solly’s head off. But he
didn’t. Jenkins was a rough, tough slugger,
made to order for Solly. Solly was a
stand-up fighter who cut Jenkins to pieces
as the hitter tried to get in close. Jimmy
had to admire the way Solly’s feet were
always in position to hit a solid blow with
either hand, the lightning way Solly’s
hands moved to block and hit, the ring
generalship of the man. He knocked

Jenkins out in the sixth. He was a cham-
pion all right.

  The next week Old Torn called Jimmy
into the office. “Jimmy,” he said, “we got
a chance for a big fight.”

  “So?”

  “We can take Jenkins on in the main
event at the Garden two months from
now.”

  Jimmy was surprised. “How come?”
Old Tom shrugged. “You’ve built a
good reputation since you’ve been here.
Your record from the Coast is good. They
want to build Jenkins back up for another
shot at Mason’s title.”

  It was Jimmy’s turn to shrug. “Okay,
I’ll take him on.”

  Old Tom’s eyes narrowed. “You realize,
don’t you that they figure Jenkins can
beat you or they wouldn’t make the
match ?”

  Jimmy stood up. “That goes two ways.
I think I can beat him, too.”

  “So do I,” said Old Tom.

  This surprised Jimmy. “Why?”

  “Well,” said Tom, “did you notice how
he was kind of made to order for Solly?”
“Yes.”

  “Did you ever figure out that you fight
a great deal like Solly Mason? You don’t
fight a man seventy-three times while
you’re learning without picking up some-
thing.”

Jimmy looked down at his closed fist.
“I don’t force a fight the way Solly does.”
“No, you counter-punch more. That’s
why I figure you’ll beat him when you
meet.”

 “When we meet?”

  Old Tom shook his head wisely. “It’s
going to happen, Jimmy.”

  Jimmy snorted. “Not unless it’s an ex-
hibition,” he said. He walked out on Old
Tom, that cold lump of lead back in his
stomach.

II

JIMMY stood in his corner, waiting for
the bell. He looked across the ring at
the husky, gnarled figure of Jenkins and
a million thoughts raced through his mind.
This man was fighting for another shot
at Solly Mason. If Jimmy let him win,
72	FIGHT

Jimmy would never have to fight Mason
again.

  Then the bell rang and Jimmy was out,
with the crowd yelling. He moved warily,
keeping his feet in position, watching the
older man come in, alert for the opening
blow.

  Jenkins just plodded in and started
swinging. Jimmy picked off and countered,
then retreated. Picked off, countered and
retreated. He moved out of a corner and
stopped to beat Jenkins in the head, taking
a few blows to the body that didn’t carry
too much sting. With surprise Jimmy real-
ized that Jenkins was no longer a fighter,

he was too old, washed up-he shouldn’t

even be in the ring. Jimmy could hit him
at will.

  So that’s the kind of stuff Solly was
holding his title against, Jimmy thought.
Jimmy had met several promising young
middleweights that could do better than
Jenkins. And had beat them.

  At the end of the first round Jimmy
came back to his corner breathing easily
and unmarked.

  “You’re doing fine,” said Tom as they
sponged him off. “Just keep moving and
picking off. You’re way ahead of him.
Don’t let him get in close and you’ve got
nothing to worry about.”

  Sure, Jimmy thought, stay away and cut
him up, just like Solly Mason. Wear him
down and then knock him out, make it
look good.

  “Tom” said Jimmy, “how many rounds
did it take Mason to knock out this pa-
looka ?”

  “Six!”

  “Well, I’m going to do it in two!”

  Jimmy was out at the bell and walked
across the ring to meet Jenkins. Instead
of moving away, Jimmy closed in and
beat the older man to the punch. He
blasted a right hand to the face and hooked
a left deep in Jenkin’s stomach. Jenkins
countered to the body and Jimmy hooked
a savage right that caught Jenkins right
on the button. Jenkins’ eyes glazed over
and he reached for a clinch. Jimmy stepped
outside the arms and threw a long left
over the top of them to the head. The
crowd was sensing the kill and were on
their feet screaming.

STORIES

  Jimmy moved inside again, put the left
to the body and hooked the right to the
jaw. Jenkins’ knees buckled and he held
on. The referee separated them. Jimmy
went right back in and hooked the left
to the head. Then he brought a right
hand up that had behind it every bit of
timing and every ounce of weight that
Jimmy owned. Jimmy twisted his body
into it and it snapped Jenkin’s head back
savagely.

  Jenkins went back into the ropes and
then slowly dropped to his knees. He
reached automatically behind him for the
ropes, missed, and fell forward on his
face. He lay still while the referee counted
him out.

JIMMY stretched out on the davenport
in his small bachelor’s diggings and
read the papers. Usually his wins were
just in with the fight results. Sometimes
he got a write-up. But this time he had
headlines on the sports pages. His knock-
out of Jenkins was described variously as
“Unexpected”, “Thrilling”, “Savage”, and
an “Upset”. Jenkins said after the fight
that it was the hardest he had ever been
hit. The papers named him as the next
man to meet Solly Mason.

  Jimmy frowned. If there was one man
his knockout wouldn’t fool, it was Mason.
Mason had just fought Jenkins, he knew
how impotent that older man’s blows had
become, how slow he w’as, how easy it was
to knock out Jenkins. It wouldn’t fool
Solly.

  Apparently it didn’t fool Solly and the
Champion still considered Jimmy a set-up.
Seventy-three times he had his way with
Jimmy that’s a habit hard to break. Solly’s
manager announced the next day that he
was willing to meet Jimmy. Old Tom
called Jimmy to his office.

  “Well,” said Old Tom, indicating a
sheaf of newspapers on his desk, “Mason
wasn’t kidding the press. I had a call
from his manager.”

  Jimmy was silent.

  “What do you think?” Tom asked.

  Jimmy shifted his weight. “Jenkins was
washed up,” he said, “Solly knew that.
I’m not as good as I looked against
Jenkins-Solly knows that.”
THE LADY LIKES BLOOD	73

  “Maybe not, but neither is Solly then.”

  “Solly sees a good gate and an easy
win,” said Jimmy bitterly.

  “It won’t be so easy, if he does win,”
said Old Tom.

 “Do you think I’m ready?” It was
Jimmy who was uncertain this time.

  “How old are you now?”

  “Twenty-six.”

  “If you’re not ready now, you never

will be. You should be at your peak-

and maybe four more years. Then you
start slipping down.”

  “Mason’s twenty-nine,” said Jimmy.
“He’s still a good fighter.”

  “Sure,” agreed Old Tom.

  “Maybe I better not fight him,” said
Jimmy.

  Tom looked Jimmy up and down slowly.
Jimmy was ashamed of his cowardice but
driven by it nevertheless. He could feel
the blood stinging seventy-three different
cuts on his face now.

  “No guts?” Old Tom’s two distinct
words dropped into the stillness of the
office like gun shots on a quiet fall morn-
ing.

  Jimmy’s face jerked up and anger, anger
to hide the shame, convulsed it. Jimmy
helped to his feet. “No guts, that’s right.
I got no guts to fight Mason. But go
ahead, sign me up, I’ll fight him.” Jimmy
leaned across the desk and pounded it.
“Go ahead, I’ll fight him. Sign me up.”
Jimmy turned and left the office, the quiet,
accusing eyes of Old Tom following him
down the stairs and into the street. Jimmy
jammed his hands into his trouser pockets
and walked.

  He walked without direction or aim,
his mind a tumult, the hurrying crowds
around him unheeded, until suddenly he
was face to face with a life-sized picture
of Adele LeMuir. He looked around and
saw that he was standing in front of the
theatre where her show was playing.

  The girl had often been in Jimmy’s
thoughts since that day he met her at the
gym. Now almost without thinking, he
pulled a bill out of his pocket and went
to the ticket window. There was a matinee
and he purchased a seat in the front row.

  Jimmy sat among the scattered patrons
at the afternoon performance and watched

her slim beauty and grace as she performed
her part. It was a comedy, and the people
about Jimmy laughed heartily at different
times. But Jimmy glowered through the
entire show, hearing none of the words,
his eyes fastened on each movement of
her face, remembering the clean cut lines
and hazel eyes of the girl. Jimmy drank
his fill and when it was over he rose to
leave.

TO HIS surprise an usher stopped him
as he reached the aisle. The usher
handed Jimmy a small, folded and deli-
cately perfumed piece of paper. Jimmy
opened the paper and there was a note
penned hurriedly.

  “Please see me after the show. The
usher will lead you backstage.” It was
signed: “Adele.”

  Jimmy was more than surprised, he was
amazed. He would have bet money that
if he had met Adele LeMuir in the street
she wouldn’t recognize him. And he hadn’t
noticed that she had paid any attention to
the audience. Yet she had apparently seen
him there and had written him that note.
Jimmy meekly followed the usher.

  He was led through the confusion back-
stage to a door with the traditional star
on it. The usher knocked and Jimmy
heard Adele call out. The usher opened
the door and Jimmy went in.

  It was a very lovely room, obviously a
dressing room. Adele sat in front of a
huge, mirrored dressing table. She was
wearing a fluffy dressing robe that covered
her from throat to ankles.

  “Hello,” she said to Jimmy, “sit down.”

  He sat and she smiled at him with great
enjoyment.

  “What’s so funny?” He asked sourly.

  “You,” she said. “I don’t think I ever
saw anyone get as little enjoyment from
a performance. I don’t think you smiled
once.”

  “You were watching me?” He was in-
credulous.

  “Intently,” she said. “If everybody’s
reaction was like yours, the show would
have closed its first day.”

  “I was getting my enjoyment another
way,” said Jimmy, thawing a little and
giving in to the joke on him.
74

FIGHT STORIES

“Indeed. What way was that?”
“Watching you,” he said, and then
wished he hadn’t.

She dropped her eyes but then returned
her gaze to his with the same mocking
smile. “Even though I’m engaged to
Solly Mason?”

Jimmy shook his head slowly, the frown
returning to his face. “That’s' something
I’ll never understand.”

“That’s why I asked you to come here,”
she said, the smile leaving her face, “to
explain.”

“To explain? To me?” The surprises
since Jimmy had entered this theatre were
piling up on him. “Why?”

She hesitated before answering and her
eyes were steadily on his. “I don’t know

-do you?”

He held her eyes a long moment. “Yes,
maybe I do. Maybe the same reason I
came here this afternoon.”

 There was a silence as they both digested
 this. Then she laughed quickly and turned
 away to her mirror, picking up a brush
 and smoothing her hair.

“It was a publicity stunt, the engage-
ment. Our press agents cooked it up. Our
show was opening the next night and they
figured it would help the box office for
both the fight and the show.”

“Did it?”

 “It did for the show. It isn’t a particu-
 larly good show, yet we’ve had a decent
 rim. I think we’ll close sometime next
 month.”

“Do you think it was worth it?”

She stopped combing her hair. “Aren’t
there some things necessary to your pro-
fession that you don’t care for?”

“Yes.”

“Well then?”

“Okay.” Jimmy shrugged his shoulders.
“I guess you’re right. I just couldn’t
figure it out. Then you’re not going to
marry him?”

She shuddered. “Perish the thought.

He’s-he’s very coarse. I had to go out

with him a few times with plenty of
photographers around.”

“I’m glad you agree with me.”

She turned to face him again. “I do.
However, I probably wouldn’t have
minded it so much if you, a complete

stranger, hadn’t been so outspoken. It

kept worrying me-and when I saw you

in the audience today I had to tell you.”
Once again their gazes locked in a long
moment of silence.

  “Where are you eating tonight?” Jimmy
asked suddenly.

  “Wherever you are,” she answered gaily.
“It’s a deal,” Jimmy said, and Solly
Mason was forgotten.

  The next morning Jimmy called Tom
on the phone. “Have you signed that
Solly Mason fight yet?”

  “No.”

  “Do it this morning.”

 “What?”

  “Do it this morning.”

  Old Tom’s voice became joyous. “That’s
the boy, Jimmy. I knew you’d do it, boy.
I knew you’d fight him. I’ll call right
away, Jimmy boy.”

  The fight was scheduled for January
1st in the Garden. Mason had insisted
upon waiting until January for income tax
reasons. By that time Adele was rehears-
ing a new play and Jimmy saw her as fre-
quently as training allowed him.

  One night a gossip columnist saw them
together. The next day he ran a query
as to why Solly Mason’s fiancee was going
out with his next opponent.

  Solly called Adele and complained. She
told him they should publicly call off their
engagement and that was the next story
to hit the papers. The sports writers be-
gan to bill it as a grudge fight because
of the pretty actress. The stories made
liberal mention of her next show and
called her the “Fighter’s Lady.”

  Jimmy didn’t care for any of this. It
seemed to him that her whole life was a
sham, just like a role in one of her

plays. Even her name was false-Adele

LeMuir was something her press agent
had dreamed up. But Adele was genuine,
and when he was with her Jimmy forgot
the other things.

  January 1st approached and Jimmy’s
training became intense. He was worried.
He was worried not because of the fight
or because he might lose, he was worried
bccause he knew that he had a physical
fear of Mason. He knew it was unreason-
able, that he was a much better fighter
THE LADY LIKES BLOOD

75

than when he was in the army, but he
couldn’t control the reaction he had had
night after night when he climbed into the
ring against the champion. It was too
much for him.

  On New Year’s morning Jimmy was up
early after a restless night. He had risen
at midnight to lean out the window and
watch New York welcome the New Year.
He had slept little after that, the night’s
fight revolving in his mind.

  He picked up the morning papers and
turned nervously to the sports page. There
was a huge picture of Adele standing on
a night club table, a glass of champagne
in her hand, New Year’s Eve revelers all
around her, announcing that Solly Mason
and Jimmy McNear were fighting for her
hand that night, that she went to the
winner. The caption said: “Fighter’s
Lady says, ‘Winner, Take All Of Me’.”
Then there was a mention of her new
show, opening the next night.

  Jimmy went to the phone and snatched
it up, gripping the receiver until his
knuckles were white. Then he slammed it
back down without calling her. He had
been on a merry-go-round ever since he
met her. She always protested her inno-
cence, but that stuff wouldn’t come out
without her consent. And look at the
picture, she must have been at the
night club.

  He picked up another paper and there
was the same picture from a different
angle. Her skirts were raised high to
show her beautiful legs.

  Later in the morning the phone rang
but Jimmy ignored it, jamming on his
hat and leaving the apartment. She would
say she had nothing to do with it.

  He was at the gym when one of the
trainers yelled at him that some dame
wanted him on the phone.

  “Tell her I never talk to anyone on a
fight day,” said Jimmy tightly. “Tell her
my press agent doesn’t like it.”

  “Huh?”

  Jimmy waved a hand at the trainer.
“Tell her!” The trainer shrugged his
shoulders and went back to the phone. A
little later he reported.

  “This dame says to tell you she’s sorry.”

  “That’s tough,” said Jimmy, closing his

mind to the thought of hurting Adele.

Ill

JIMMY climbed woodenly into the ring
that night. He could already feel the
rapier fists of Solly Mason cutting him
down and he didn’t much care whether
he won or lost. He knew from long ex-
perience how fast Mason could feint and

hit-how hard Mason could hit and how

it felt when things suddenly blanked out
and you came to a few seconds later in
an awkward position on the floor with no
idea of how you got there.

Then suddenly Adele was on the ring
steps and had hold of Jimmy’s arm.
“Jimmy,” she said, “Jimmy, you’ve got
to listen to me.”

Jimmy looked at her and saw she was
close to tears.

He didn’t say anything.

“Jimmy, that picture was faked.”

A photographer had seen them and a
flashbulb burst.

“That one wasn’t,” said Jimmy. “There’s
another thousand dollars worth of publicity
and another week for your show.”

“Jimmy don’t! They have hundreds of
pictures of me in different poses. They

dubbed in that background-don’t you

understand? I was home all last night.”
More pictures were being taken and
Jimmy’s face froze into a mask.

“Jimmy, I fired my press agent. It'll
never happen again, I promise.”

Then Jimmy heard loud laughter and
Solly Mason was at his back. Solly had
come over to get in the pictures.

“Don’t worry, Honey,” Solly yelled,
“we’ll be married as soon as I polish off
this bum.” Solly waved at Adele and
more pictures were taken while the crowd
stood on the seats, rubber-necking to take
in the scene.

Jimmy looked down at Adele and her face
was white, frightened, as she looked up at
Mason.

The look broke through Jimmy’s guard
and he knew that regardless of what
had happened or who was to blame, there
was one thing more important than the

past-that was the future.

“Okay,” Jimmy said quickly, “your turn
76	FIGHT

to meet me in my dressing room.”

  Then Jimmy turned around and placed
his glove in Solly’s chest, shoving hard.
“Get back to your own corner, show-off,”
he grated.

  Solly stumbled backward and almost fell
“I’ll murder you,” he yelled and came at
Jimmy. Jimmy stepped forward to meet
him.

  Suddenly there were trainers, policemen
and the referee in between the two. Solly
allowed himself to be led back to his cor-
ner, the coarse grin back on his face.
But Jimmy struggled to get loose. The
crowd screamed its approval of the before-
fight fracas.

  Jimmy strained in his corner, all the
pent-up hate and emotion spilling out of
him as he waited to get at Solly Mason.

  “Listen,” said Tom, “don’t be a fool

now, stay away and counter-punch-

he’ll force the fight if you don't rush, that’s
the way he works.”

  But Jimmy didn’t hear anything except
the pounding in his ears and when the
bell rang he leaped across the ring to get
at Solly’s ugly face.

  Solly backed and blocked as Jimmy made
his first vicious attack. Then Solly saw
an opening and slammed home a left.
Jimmy drove back in, throwing solid
smashes at Solly’s head and face with
everything he had. He backed Solly into
a corner but didn’t land a blow and the
champ tied him up again.

  Jimmy drove Solly back across the ring
with maniacal fury, throwing punch after
punch, expending energy he was going to
need before fifteen long rounds had gone
their way, and Solly just retreated before
the outburst, picking off and waiting for
his chance.

  Jimmy thought he had the champ on the
ropes and drew back his right hand to
swing a haymaker. But Solly saw the
opening and hooked a fast left to Jimmy’s
head.

  Jimmy threw the right and missed,
going off balance, and Solly racked him
with left, right and left before Jimmy went
into a clinch.

  The challenger made one more attempt
to smother the champion under a flurry of
blows and again he met with no success

STORIES

as the cool-headed Solly covered. Once
again Jimmy drove him to the ropes.
Solly, seeing that Jimmy was tiring, came
off the ropes slugging.

SOLLY caught Jimmy with a right that
staggered the younger man. Then he
exploded a right and left to the body that
hurt and took away some more wind be-
fore blasting at the jaw with both hands.

  Jimmy saw the flash of stars and pin-
wheels as he tried to clinch. But then he
felt another jolt and everything went black.
He came to on the floor of the ring with
the lights glaring into his eyes.

  “Four,” said the referee, and Jimmy
tried to focus his mind.

  “Five,” said the referee, and Jimmy re-
membered where he was.

  “Six,” and Jimmy turned over on his
stomach.

 “Seven.” He was on his hands and
knees.

  “Eight.” He was crouched.

  “Nine.” He got up.

  His arms were leaden and his legs
tired as the referee wiped the resin off
his gloves. He tried to bring up his guard
as Solly came in, but his reactions were
too slow and Solly whipped home a left
and a right.

  Solly could have finished the fight, but
he was still the supreme egotist and sadist
killer. He decided to have a little sport
first. He slashed in some cutting blows
that opened wounds on Jimmy’s face, and
then let Jimmy clinch.

  “I’ll teach you to take a girl away from
me,” he rasped.

  He slipped away and laughed as Jimmy
tried to renew his attack. Solly again cut
with his left hand and then drove a hard
right to the body to keep Jimmy slowed
down. They clinched and Solly whispered
in Jimmy’s ear.

  “She sure gave you a run-around, didn’t
she?”

  Jimmy tried again and the bell rang,
ending round one.

  “What are you trying to do, commit
suicide?” Old Tom raged at him between
rounds. Tom used an antiseptic on his
cuts and then got to work with the collo-
dion. Jimmy tensed himself against the
THE LADY LIKES BLOOD	77

stinging pain and it helped to clear his
brain.

  “Listen, son,” said Tom, “you want to
win this fight, don’t you?”

  Jimmy nodded affirmatively.

  “Then stay away, understand? Stay
away!”

  “I’ll kill him/’ Jimmy grated.

  “Not the way you’re fighting, you
won’t,” said Tom, and he stuffed the
mouthpiece in Jimmy’s mouth as the bell
rang.

  Solly waited for Jimmy to come in close,
but Jimmy stayed out, moving around,
following Tom’s instructions after his
close call in the first round. Solly began
to press a little and moved in with left
and right. Jimmy blocked and tied Solly
up, still getting his second wind and not
ready to fight.

  “She ain’t no saint, take it from me,
kid,” Solly whispered in the clinch. Then
they were separated and Jimmy had a
sudden desire to drive in and smash that
leering face. But he held fast to his self-
control and circled warily.

  Solly came in and again Jimmy tied him
up before any damage could be done. “That
davenport of mine could tell some tall
stories,” said Solly that time.

  When the referee separated them Jimmy
lashed out with a hard left, but Solly
picked it off and moved away, laughing.
The crowd saw him laugh and responded.
Jimmy went back into his shell.

  It was a slow round compared to the
furious first, but Jimmy refused to open
up.

  The second round went to Solly also,
but Jimmy was in much better shape when
it was over than he had been after the
first.

  “Good boy,” said Tom between rounds,
inspecting the cuts which hadn’t been re-
opened, “you’ve got him coming to you.
Now start hitting back instead of clinching,
but watch out, he’s got dynamite in those
fists.”

  Jimmy nodded. The bell rang and he was
back out. They sparred for a moment and
then Solly moved quickly, stabbing with
a left. Jimmy rolled away and circled.
Solly followed and Jimmy moved into a
corner, letting Solly trap him. Solly

stepped in, expecting Jimmy to slip away
down the ropes, but Jimmy set himself
and threw a straight overhand left to the
bridge of Solly’s nose. Solly snorted and
Jimmy followed in with a right to the pit
of the stomach before Solly could recover.
He heard the champ grunt.

  He tied Solly up before the champ could
retaliate and slipped out of the corner
after the clinch. Solly had been too busy
getting breath back to say anything.

  Solly followed Jimmy, his eyes narrow
ancf mean the way Jimmy remembered
them, and for a moment the knot returned
to his stomach as it used to do when he
was going to take a beating. Then he re-
membered where he was and shook his
shoulders to loosen the tension. He waited
for Solly’s attack.

  It came with lightning swiftness. Solly
suddenly stepped forward, cocking the left,
then shifted his feet quickly and slammed
a hard right at Jimmy’s head.

THAT manuever had worked many
times for Solly, but Jimmy had seen
it many times during his seventy-three
beatings and he was inside the right just
as quickly as Solly had moved. He went
inside and blasted a savage left hook to
Solly’s face and sank the right in Solly’s
stomach again.

  A warm feeling spread through him as
he heard the air whoosh out of Solly. He
had found a weak spot. Solly wasn’t in
top condition. He was soft around the
middle.

  Solly hunched a little, protecting his
stomach, as he followed Jimmy. Jimmy
stopped and met Solly head on in the
center of the ring. They traded hard
lefts and rights and then Jimmy took an-
other left and right to the head as Solly
forgot his middle. Jimmy drove home the
right like a pile driver and Solly stopped
in mid-stride. Jimmy saw his face go
white and drove in, smashing, blasting and
belting the champion back across the ring
as the bell sounded the end of round three.
Jimmy’s round, as the tide of battle was
swinging.

  But Solly Mason was a champion and
a fighter, and whatever his faults he in-
tended to go down fighting. He knew that
FIGHT STORIES

78

Jimmy had found a weak spot and he knew
he didn’t dare box the challenger. He
had to score a knockout in the next round
or two before Jimmy could continue to
smash the mid-section. He rushed across
the ring to unleash his years of boxing
experience and skill upon Jimmy.

  Jimmy blocked the opening blows of the
rush and tried to tie Solly up. But Solly
was ring-wise and kept a hand free, slam-
ming home three damaging blows to
Jimmy’s face before Jimmy could get in-
side his shoulder. Jimmy was bleeding
again.

 They broke and Jimmy found Solly
right on top of him, catching him in a
corner and rocking him with hard blows
to the head that sent the stars flashing
again. Jimmy got his chin down and
blasted back, hitting and slugging as he
tried to batter his way out of the corner.
But the champ nailed him against the
ropes and rocked him again.

  Jimmy clinched and realized shakily that
Old Tom and he had counted their chickens
a little too early. The referee broke them
and Solly was back again, throwing ring-
craft aside and matching raw muscle and
hitting power against whatever Jimmy
could muster.

  Jimmy had to fight back and he couldn’t
set and drive that blow to the mid-section
that he knew would stop Solly. They stood
toe-to-toe while the frenzied thousands had
their blood lust stirred and put themselves
in the ring with the fighters, giving and
taking.

  It was Jimmy that gave ground. He knew
he was fighting a losing battle, the first
round had taken too much of his stamina.
He felt his strength ebbing again and he
gave ground suddenly, drawing Solly with
him. Solly thought he was hurt and
charged, but Jimmy set himself and met
the charge with a straight left. Solly
had his right cocked as he got inside the
left, but Jimmy beat him to the punch,
smashing a right hand into Solly’s middle.
He felt the champion give and drew it back,
blasting it home again. A third time he
belted it in before Solly tied him up, hang-

ing on. He saw Solly’s mouthpiece bounce
away across the ring as the champ fought
for breath.

  “Now you can talk better,” he said into
the champ’s ear as the referee pulled them
apart.

  Solly was hurt and covering as Jimmy
moved in warily. He exploded two left
hands into Solly’s face, but the champ
refused to open up. Jimmy drove him into
a corner and hit both hands to the head
as the round ended.

BOTH fighters were bloody and both
were breathing hard from their sav-
age fight, but Solly was visibly hurt and
the crowd was yelling for a knockout.

  Jimmy was as the hunter when he sees
wild game falter, he rushed in for the
kill, banging away with both hands, belting
to the head, blasting to the face, and,
finally sending a crushing right to the
helpless man’s mid-section that doubled
him up until the champion fell to the can-
vas like a broken straw. He writhed on
the floor but at the count of ten had made
no motion to rise. Jimmy was the new
world’s champion!

  Jimmy posed for the pictures and spoke
to the radio audience. He received con-
gratulations and shook hands and finally
got out of the ring, Old Tom clearing a
way to the dressing room. Tom held
everybody out of the dressing room and
finally closed the door against the press of
bodies.

  "Well,” he said turning around, “so

now you’re-.” His voice trailed off

and his eyes bugged. His new champion
was back in a clinch.

  “Hey!” Old Tom was uncertain as to
whether to break the clinch or not.

  The new champion worked a hand free
and waved Old Tom away. Tom shrugged
his shoulders and opened the door, push-
ing out into the press of bodies and closing
the door behind him.

  The champion got his hand back into the
clinch and pulled his opponent with the
rich brown hair close. The infighting was
delicious!
THE BUM!

By Don Shea

His dirty record was behind him. Tonight he’d fight a good clean battle.
He’d go out on a note of triumph. He went out all right . . . but the not©

was terribly sour.

    ARSH GRAVEL ground into the
I I palms of Perry Walsh’s hands and
grated against his cheek. Searing
pains chased each other through his neck
and down into his chest. Three bullet holes
can cause a lot of pain. It was deathlike
still in the alley after the thundering of
the guns and the metallic patter of run-
ning feet. The three thugs had fled, leaving
him to die.

  The first trickling of a crowd was be-
ginning to gather, their feet scraping on
the gravel, their azved voices low.

  “He’s unconsciousa vaice from the
crowd came to him dimly. “Look at his

lips move. He thinks he’s fightm a fight, I
guess.”

  Thinks he’s fightin’ a fight? Huh! That
was a laugh! Just like a fight fan. This
was the toughest fight he’d ever had. He’d
better get to work before the kid stabbed
him to death with that left.

  What round was this? The fourth? Six
more rounds! About twenty-five more
minutes to go!

  The cocky youngster glided toward him
behind that razor-sharp left hand; darting
in and out and circling to his left; jarring,
his left, and effortlessly backed by a
smooth fighting machine. Mike Travis was

79
80	FIGHT

plenty good. Lean, a hard young battler,
a fancypants with an unmarked face. A
tanned, glistening body bouncing another
step toward the championship.

  Perry Walsh trailed him closely, pa-
tiently, rationing his strength, until the kid
committed a technical mistake, delayed a
fraction of a step in sliding out of a cor-
ner. Perry looped a whistling left hook in-
to his body that should have dulled some
of his spark, but didn’t. The youngster
drove needle-point lefts into his face,
stinging, sneered as he spun to the left out
of range, away from the ropes, back to
the middle of the ring.

  Perry Walsh grinned at Travis, tight
mental checkrein on his temper. He must
hold his temper this time. He’d promised
Florence, his wife.

  The throbbing in the back of his head
had quieted note). Only the sharp knives in
his throat and chest were left. It was chilly.

  Mike Travis moved toward him again,
the slight sneer still on his smooth face,
confident behind that sniping left hand. He
isn’t punching at me, Perry realized, he’s
walloping at my temper. Perry half-
crouched, shuffled forward, let a hail of
jabs rattle high across his forehead and
bulled his man into the ropes. Pie ground
a half-dozen murderous lefts and rights
into Travis’ belly before they clinched,
and as the referee worried them out of it
a backhand flick slapped sweat into his
eyes. A deliberate foul. Perry grinned.

  With the bell Travis dropped his gloves
and headed toward his corner, a swagger
in his walk, because the championship was
one round nearer. Perry turned to his cor-
ner more slowly, economizing on strength,
and sat down. Buzz, his second, sloshed
water into his mouth, hard hands lifted his
chest to make room for deep gulps of air.
Perry casually gazed out into the smoky
dimness. A full house. His cut would be
a good one, and he needed it. “Lotsa shoes
for baby,” he thought and pictured his wife
listening to the radio, alone, anxious . . .
pulling for him not to go crazy again.
Little Katy would be asleep in her crib.

  It was still early in the evening when he
and Dick had sat down at one of the tables
in his little restaurant to count the day’s
receipts. Dick ran the place for him. It was

STORIES

deserted when the three robbers had
walked in, guns gripped tight in their
hands, coat collars turned up.

  He felt good, strong, as he sat in his
corner. Buzz was working over him hard,
kneading his legs. His eyes wandered out
over the crowd again. The dirtiest man in
the ring, they called him . . . The Bum.
Well, what the hell, why not, he’d thought
for so many years. He’d been born into
dirt, the filth of the East Side. When he
was nine life had taught him how to fight
life—with every weapon on hand, fists, feet-
brains and even clawing fingernails—after
a gang of street toughs broke his nose
with a blackjack, stole his clothes, and left
him naked in the gutter. At eleven he had
discovered he had an ally, an ungovern-
able temper which shot dynamite into his
hard fists and coated pain with a dulling
redness. The magnet of money had lured
him into the ring and fans such as these
had poured more into his pockets. They
booed him, they hated him, but they came
to see him fight. Because when he got mad
he forgot the rules, forgot he was fighting
a foe with padded gloves and was battling
in the streets again for his life. Sure, he’d
been kicked out of rings. Plenty. In Cali-
fornia he was barred for life. But he was
a good fighter, almost a great fighter. For
the past year he had stood as the insur-
mountable obstacle between all comers and
the title. The champion of the champion,
always the challenger but never the champ.

  But now he was through as a dirty
fighter.

  He smacked his wine red gloves together
in grim determination, glared at the crowd.
Just this one last good clean fight against
Mike Travis tonight; he’d prove he could
fight clean.

  He and Dick had half risen in surprise
when the three thieves 'walked in. One of
them had grated: “All right, you guys, up
against that wall and no monkey business.,>
Dick, old and cautious, had backed against
the wall, hands raised over his head. Perry
moved slowly, fighting the temper which
choked him. “You’ll never get azvay with
this,” he’d growled. One of the robbers
had made a menacing gesture with his gun.

  Travis moved into him, cautiously;
he would be cautious. His midriff
THE BUM!

81

glowed red from the pounding he’d been
sucked into during the last round, but it
hadn’t slowed his blinding speed, that ra-
pier left, just made him doubly cautious,
even sharper.

  Walsh didn’t like Travis. This guy
would fight dirty given the chance, and a
dirty fighter had no place in the ring. He
should know. He thought of Florence.
“Promise me,” she’d pleaded a couple days
ago, “promise me you’ll keep your temper,
in the ring and out.” And he’d promised.

  Travis’ left jabs were small charges of
dynamite exploding in Perry Walsh’s face
and he worked in close. But Travis locked
his elbows and butted him sharply with his
head, starting blood flowing from a small
cut under the eye. The referee didn’t see
the foul. Perry ignored it and clipped
Travis alongside the chin, drawing from
his deep reservoir of hard-earned experi-
ence to shake one hand free, but he didn’t
hurt Travis. The kid went on his bicycle
again, circling to the left and pecking open
that cut beneath Perry’s eye. Slowly the
cut grew and blood flowed more freely.
Suddenly a left hook swished into Perry’s
groin, low. It didn’t hurt him or slow him,
and the referee warned Travis, but Perry
knew that wouldn’t stop these tactics.

  A film as red as the blood smeared
across his cheek slowly rose in Perry. He
was getting the business. The old crimson
tide of ungovernable anger welled within
him. His eyes narrowed to twin slits. Then
he suddenly stopped his forward rush as
he remembered Florence.

  He halted for a moment, shaken, then
moved into Travis more confidently. He
had beaten the thing and could have hit
Travis out of sheer joy after the bell if the
youngster hadn’t suddenly sat down. Perry
realized Travis had cleverly worked him
into his own corner just as the bell rang,
but he didn’t care. He was inwardly glow-
ing proudly as he strode across the ring
to his corner.

  He lay back. Buzz leaned close to his
ear: “Better get goin’. This guy’s givin’
you the works!” Perry nodded, grinned at
him, then smiled and waved at Travis
across the ring. Buzz’ mouth fell open in
astonishment; a surprised murmur ran

6—Fight—Fall

through the crowd. Perry chuckled. Flor-
ence would appreciate that.

  The three thieves had him covered cold.
He knew that. Well, let them have the
money, which was little enough, he’d
thought. Then Dick, in his confusion, had
allowed his hands to drop. One of the
thugs had half-whirled and crashed his
pistol barrel alongside the old man’s head,
crumpling kirn to the floor. Then Perry
knew what he had to do, and he was proud
that he did it coldly, and not in anger. One
quick step had carried him to the nearest
man; a hard right knocked him across a
table. Perry spun around toward the others.

  Guns roared. One slug had smashed into
his neck. He’d staggered back as another
had blasted into his chest.

  Perry kept his eyes on the timekeper
and was out of his corner with the bell.
Buzz was yelling at his back for him to
bore in, to infight. The kid tossed some
rights, hard and sharp. Perry worked over
his stomach with both hands before switch-
ing to a clean uppercut. He was feeling
good now, and getting stronger. The sweat
rolled freely, lubricated his big muscles.
Travis took a lesson from what had hap-
pened before when he tried to swap
punches and went back to his educated
left hand, unstitching the cut under Perry's
eye. Perry grinned at these tactics. Travis
circled, always back and away to his left
and Walsh deliberately stopped in the
middle of the ring and waved him in.
But Travis merely spat out a foul word
which Perry couldn’t identify. Then the
kid moved in swiftly to bounce two knife-
like lefts off the cut again.

  The youngster was working even faster
now. Swift, like a collie, in and out. What
round was it ? Eighth round ? Perry wasn’t
sure. It was a good, hard fight.

  He went after Travis, blocking him into
a corner while his eye sopped up a dozen
of those snake-like left hands. Blood
flowed freely now and Travis was trying
to out-maneuver him, to stagger him with
a right cross and dance free. Perry knew
the punch was coming, flexed his knees
slightly to let it slide past his jaw over his
left shoulder and then curved a looping
left hook against Travis’ ribs. Travis
grunted and scowled, smashed a hard right
82	FIGHT STORIES

below the belt. It hurt, but Perry only
grinned at him. He had that temper situa-
tion well in hand now. The kid finally
worked out of the trap back into the
middle of the ring.

  Perry had remained standing, his legs
spread far apart, weaving slightly, a dazed
look in his eyes. From the floor the third
bandit had propped himself on an elbow
to pump another bullet just below Perry’s
heart. Then the bandits had fled, racing
into the street. Perry had staggered to the
open door after them. They were running
up the alley alongside the building. Perry
had follmOed a feiv weak steps, then had
collapsed in the gravel.

  Travis was there in front of him, always
stabbing, moving away from Perry’s right
hand, his chin hidden behind a raised left
shoulder. He was tough and fast, all right.
The blood ran into Perry’s eye again and
he cocked his head to see. Travis roughed
him in the clinches and he was proud of
his ability to curb the instinct to reply with
similar tactics, to refrain from grating the
laces across Travis’ face, or to clip him
with an elbow. Perry ducked his head and
bored in.

  That round was even, maybe a shade on
his side. He was breathing hard, but the
pace was telling on Travis, too. A hard
red lump was raised on one cheek, one eye
was dark and his ribs would ache. But ev-
ery wallop still had plenty of sting.

  Between the rounds, Perry sat and
chuckled at the fight he was making. What
a field day the sportswriters would have.
He could see the headlines: “Dirty Fighter
Gives Technique a Bath!” He chuckled
again.

  Buzz worked on the bad eye so he could
see and Perry asked himself if he could
somewhere find something deep down
within himself this last round to score a
knockout. Wind up his career with a big
noise.

  With the bell he rose slowly. Cold, cal-
culated, untouched by the drug of anger
which had won him previous battles, he
accepted Travis’ straight left jabs with
disdain, crowded beneath the flurry of
whiplike blows to rip home a short right,

another one. And a left. The crowd rose
with a roar.

  Perry moved into the kid, forced him
across the ring, ripped across his middle
with piston-like precision, switching to his
face. Travis fought back hard, his breath
whistling; jabbing, crossing.

  Perry took a faceful of punishment to
get Travis where he couldn’t circle, and he
rocked him with a right hook to the jaw
and dropped his left fist half-way to the
wrist into his body. Travis staggered,
quickly recovered and fought back with
dogged ferocity.

  Both were battling now, their hardest.
Travis forgot his jabs as they squared
away in the center of the ring. And, head
burrowed between his thick shoulders,
Perry answered him with flying fists.

  Dimly, through the great pain, he could
hear the screaming of an ambulance siren
in the distance.

  Travis folded quickly. Perry ripped a
short left into his solar plexus and left
him gasping. The kid’s hands dropped.
Perry splashed rights and lefts into his
face, drove him across the ring. A crisp
left hook straightened Travis up and a
whistling right uppercut dropped him for
a nine count. He struggled to his knees,
raised one foot under him, then sprawled
forward on his face.

 Perry was exultant as he slipped
through the ropes, bathrobe thrown over
his shoulders, the tumult of the mob roar-
ing in his ears. He couldn’t wait to phone
Florence, to hear her happy congratula-
tions over not losing his temper; he was
going to retire after a good clean fight.

  The gravel was still harsh against his
palms, but strangely his throat and chest
no longer hurt. Then his hands clawed at
the alleyway, one last time. A dull voice in
the crowd spoke, but he didn't hear the
'Words:

  “Cripes, what, a tough break. And over
such a little bit of dough, too. He woiridd
made a hundred times that much fightin’
Mike Travis tomorrozv night.

  “He musta lost his temper to get shot
up like that. He never could keep his tem~
per.”
Once They Kiss The Mat

By Nathan Broch

A Short Story

 The dying prizefighter scooped up the hills with his good hand and held them against
 the dimmed light so they looked like a round green glove with fancy pictures on it.

THEY had put a screen around his
bed and now he was looking up at
them through his one good eye, the
left eye, the one that wasn’t busted.

  The interne had a pad in his hand and
a pencil and tried a smile. The nurse
wasn’t doing anything. Not even smiling.
She just stood there, looking down at the
dying prizefighter.

  “Just a formality,” purred the interne.
“How you spell that name again?”

  “C-l-e-m,” his breath rattled low with
the spelling. “Z-e-l-l-o.”

  “Right,” the interne crossed something
out on his pad and wrote down the cor-
rect name. “Married?”

  Clem shook his head a little. “Only my
mother,” he whispered. “And my kid sis-
ter. Over in Lakewood.” It hurt to speak
and the good eye closed for a moment,
then opened again slowly, dragging the lid
with the words. “It’s all white in Lake-
wood now,” he muttered. “My kid sister’s
on the lake. Skating. She likes to skate.
Always has.” He paused. Long straight
lines furrowed his forehead. “Carolli,” he
said with sudden clarity. “I want to see
Carolli.”

  “Relative?” the interne was writing
again.

  “My manager,” said Clem. “Haven’t
seen him since they took me from the

83
FIGHT STORIES

84

ring.” His eye steadied with the question,
“Know him?”

  The interne flipped the pencil against
his nose, “Never go to fights.”

  “Me too,” said the nurse and it was the
first time she spoke.

  “Guess he’s sick himself,” Clem mur-
mured. “Trouble with his stomach. Ulcers.
But I got to see him.”

  “Why?” asked the nurse.

  “My cut,” said Clem.

  “We stitched that up,” the interne of-
fered.

  A smile crept into the one good eye.
“No. I mean my money from tonight’s
bout. A hundred and thirty dollars.”

  “Oh,” said the nurse. She looked at the
interne.

  He was shaking his head, his eyebrows
way up.

  “Maybe he’s already gone to Cleveland,”
Clem said. “Carolli always goes to Cleve-
land when he gets those ulcers.”

  The interne gave a short laugh. The
nurse turned around sharply and he
stopped it. “Where’s he staying?” she
asked.

  Clem shook his head. “Better go to the
station. Sure to find him there. On the
platform. Going to Cleveland. Always does
when he gets those ulcers.”

  “I’ll go,” said the nurse. “I’ll bring him
here.”

  “No,” Clem thought hard. “He’s a sick
guy. Those ulcers. He’s got to go to Cleve-
land. Just get my cut. Hundred and thirty
bucks.”

  She looked down at the fighter. “I’ll
go,” she whispered. She opened the screen
and slipped out and the interne closed it
after her and came back to the bed.

  “Carolli’s a good guy,” the good eye
smiled again. “Only about money. Some-
times he forgets about money. Account of
those ulcers.”

  “Then he goes to Cleveland?” irony
flickered in the interne’s voice. But it got
lost against the white screen, against the
battered body of the dying man.

  “Yes,” said Clem, “but I’ve been with
him these four years. Live and let live.
That’s what Ma always says.”

  The interne nodded. Clem wasn’t look-
ing at him. “I hope she’ll find him on that
platform,” he said. “I hope to God she’ll
find him. Got to send some money to
Lakewood. Just got to.”

  For a while they didn’t speak. Some-
times they were watching each other.
Sometimes the interne got a hold of Clem’s
good hand, the one that wasn’t broken,
and felt the pulse and shook his head
without really shaking it.

  After a long time Clem said, “Maybe
she didn’t find him.”

  “I’m sure she will,” the interne stole a
glance at his watch.

  Then the nurse slipped back through
the screen. “Here,” she leaned across the
bed. “A hundred and thirty dollars.”
Clem’s good hand felt over the bills.
“So you found him,” he muttered.
“Thanks for finding him. He’s a good, sick
guy, Carolli.”

  “Yes,” said the nurse. “A good man.
He’s gone to Cleveland.”

  “Those ulcers,” he scooped the bills
with his good hand, holding them against
the dimmed light so they looked like a
round green glove with fancy pictures on
it.

  Suddenly the good hand wasn’t good
any more. It dropped heavily by the side
of the bed and the green glove with pic-
tures fluttered limply to the floor.

  The interne stooped for the bills and
gave them to the nurse. Then they cov-
ered the dead fighter and walked out to-
gether through the screen.

  “Never thought you’d find that man-
ager,” the interne sounded hoarse.

  The nurse nodded. “I had him paged
and he came to the information booth. We
talked.”

  “And he gave you the money?”

  She shook her head. “That manager’s
horrible. Maybe insane or something.
‘Once they kiss the mat,’ he told me,
‘they’re through and there’s no cut.’ And
with that he ran for his train.”

  “But you showed that boy the money?”
The nurse smiled. “My own money,”
she whispered. “I never knew it could buy
that much.”
Tony Zale - His Ring Story

By Robt. R. Richards

  He never caught the fancy of the fight mob nor the wild acclaim of Press
  Row. A thorough workman, a clean-liver, an uncolorful precisionist with
  a wide knowledge of the ring game seldom does. Tony Zale’s road to the
  middleweight title was long and tough . . . and his record speaks for itself.

COLD PALE eyes raked the ringside
for a friendly face. Tony Zale saw
few of them. It was a long way
from Gary to Seattle. Not many steel
workers could make the coast trip but those
who did made up for their lack of numbers
by loud cheering for Tony Zale. Their
faith had never wavered. Zale was their
idol. They had been with Tony when he
was beaten so often in the past that he
had to quit the ring. Even when he quit
they knew he would come back. Tony was
as tough as Gary’s steel.

  The steel city slugger sat calmly in his
corner. Typical of Tony. Unworried, un-
hurried. And here he was facing the most
terrific left hook artist among the middle-
weights. Zale never could stop a left hook
in his early days and now, six years after
his pro debut, his only defense for a
snaking left was hitting the other man
quicker and harder.

  Tony grinned at the few familiar faces
beyond the blazing ringlights. As long as
there was one Gary steel worker in the
house that was enough to spur him on.
That, and the terrible anger he felt as he
stared at A1 Hostak. It had taken Tony
ten long, hard years, to fight his way up
from the amateurs to a big name bout. A
dozen setbacks had marred his climb to-
wards the top. But always Tony fought
to get away from the steel mills. Not that
Tony felt higher than the work. It was
just that he knew he was made for some-
thing else. He knew it when he was still
an amateur. He knew it when he climbed
through the ropes for the first time.

  The prize-ring was a rainbow, and the
championship was the pot of gold at the
end of it. Tony was rugged, he could
sock, he had endless courage. He fought
like the blond tiger that he was, throwing

his all into every punch. But the ring
had its paradoxes. There were times when
a man won and it was just as though he
had lost. Seven months before he
had fought this same A1 Hostak in
Chicago. Tony had come off the deck
to thrash him after being dropped by a
whizzing left hook.

  Afterwards it was learned that Hostak
had broken his hand after dropping Tony.
They called Zale’s victory a fluke. It hurt
when you licked a man and then every-
body went around saying you were just
plumb lucky and hadn’t really beaten him
at all. Tonight Tony was getting his sec-
ond chance. Perhaps the only chance he’d
ever have to make good again.

  Hostak was the National Boxing Asso-
ciation Middleweight Champion. The
honor was worth more than half of the
disputed world title.

  Hostak and his manager decided to
make the Zale camp pay if they wanted
a return match and a shot at Hostak’s
title. Although Hostak had lost seven
months ago, he still retained his title, as
both men had come in over the official
weight. Tony’s managers were glum when
they told him Hostak’s terms. “You see
that doesn’t even leave us enough for
training expenses,” Sam Pian said. Tony
snapped. “The heck with the expenses.
I’ll fight him for nothing. I’ve just got
to have that title, Sam. I know I can beat
Hostak and you know it.” Sam smiled,
“Okay, Tony, then we’ll travel to Seattle.”

  Zale faced Hostak beneath the blaze of
lights as the referee issued instructions.
He saw the cool confidence, the quiet
superiority in Hostak’s face and it an-
noyed him.

  Maybe you don’t think I belong in here
with you, Al. And maybe you can show

85
86

FIGHT STORIES

me that I don’t. But I don’t think so,
I’ve come two thousand miles to meet you,
Hostak, without a cent coming to me. A
man doesn’t travel that way for nothing.

  The fighters shook hands. It was
written all over Tony Zale’s cold pale eyes
and the grim line of his lips.

  I’m going to lick you Hostak, you’ll
never send me back to Gary in defeat,
never send me back to the steel mills. I’ll
show you that first win was no fluke.

THE bell. Tense, prayer-like silence
envelopes the crowd. The two hard-
est hitters among the middle weights crowd
each other beneath the lights. No room
to breathe, barely room to punch. Whack!
whack! they smash at each other and the
echo of scorching leather can be heard in
the back rows. Hostak rushes his punches
for one of his famous one round knock-
outs. Zale slams with gusto.

  One round melts into another like a
roaring flame. Not even a simple jab is
thrown without murderous intentions. The
bell between rounds is a mere punctuation

mark separating the fighters for a brief
minute until they tear at each other again.

  Round four. Sam Pian is happy. “You’re
ahead Tony. Stay out in front.” Zale nods,
the roar of the crowd is in his ears as
Hostak rushes him in the fifth. The
champion’s pride is badly wounded. He’s
willing to gamble everything on a knockout
and he does. Left hooks buck from his
shoulder in an endless stream. Rights
windmill into Tony Zale’s face. But the
Gary fighter stays with the rangy, semi-
bald Hostak.

  Mid-way in the fifth Tony slams back
with an offensive of his own. He spikes
Hostak’s big guns and opens a cut over
the champion’s eye. Zale will not be
denied. His jaw aches from the shock of
Hostak’s lefts. His body is sore from the
terrific infighting. But there’s no qu^t in
Tony Zale, no signs of let up. The Steel
City slugger is a hurricane in the tenth.
Hostak reels and rolls beneath his shatter-
ing blows. Hostak has never been on the
canvas, never been knocked out. Tony
Zale grits his teeth. He must drive him
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

87

to the deck, knock him cold. 11-12- the
13th round, Zale’s dynamite-laden fists ex-
plode on Hostak’s granite jaw. The gran-
ite is blasted. Hostak takes the count while
the crowd cheers the thrilling fight with
delight and the handful of Gary steel-
workers go absolutely mad.

  Tony Zale is a fighting champion. He
draws the line against nobody. Big Billy
Soose, six feet tall, rangy, long armed,
long legged, a crafty, thinned out light
heavyweight, wants an over-the-weight
match with Zale. Tony might have ducked
it but he took the match. Soose kangaroos
all over Tony and grabs the decision. Once
again they start calling Zale a second rater.
Even when he’s on the top they try and
drag him down. Soose moves into the
light-heavyweight division where he be-
longs and leaves Tony looking foolish.

  The world middleweight championship is
still in a muddle. One half is owned by Tony,
the other half is claimed by Ken Overlin.
Had Mike Jacobs been willing to take a
chance a few months back things might

have been different. Shortly before Tony’s
spectacular knockout of Hostak, Zale’s
manager’s had begged Jacobs to give Tony
a shot at Ceferino Garcia, for the New
York version of the title. Mike chose
Ken Overlin instead. Zale had no follow-
ing in the east, and besides, his past
record was studded with defeats. Tony’s
pilots, Pian and Winch, talked their
charge’s ability up to the skies.

  Jacobs was insistent, “I want Overlin,
not Zale.” Pian argued that Tony would
turn in a terrific performance against
Garcia as compared to the dull slapper-
dapper affair one could expect from Over-
lin. There was no use arguing with the
big promoter.

  Like many of Zale’s opponents who had
once dropped Tony to the canvas, A1
Hostak was hard to convince. In their first
encounter he had broken his hand. In
their second clash Al’s eyes were cut up
badly. Besides, he had Tony in a bad
way during the fifth round of their Seattle
clash. Chicago was the scene of their third

Graziano teas furious. His murderous right came screeching at Zale’s jaw.
88

FIGHT STORIES

tangle. Tony ripped at Hostak from the
opening gong. The terrific socking, semi-
bald Seattle boxer was slugged into obliv-
ion before the second round ended. It was
a tremendous victory for Tony before
the home town folks. Sam Pian knew
that “Benny Ray’s fighter” was on top to
stay.

  The meeting of Sam, Tony and Benny
Ray is a story in itself. It marked a
turning point in Zale’s ring career. Tony
often felt that afternoon in Trafton’s gym
made his rise to the peak possible. Benny
Ray was a local Gary promoter. He was
an exceptionally shrewd judge of boxers,
having predicted the rise of Barney Ross
and Joe Louis.

  Tony came smiling into Traf ton’s gym
one day. Benny Ray’s eyes narrowed.
Zale had quit the ring in ’35, and here it
was two years later, with Tony showing
up with a boxer’s handbag. Zale stepped
gingerly toward Ray, his pale blue eyes
eager and alive. “I’ve been looking for
you Benny.” the fighter said.

  Benny glanced at the handbag, “I don’t
get it. Last I heard you were back in the
steel mills.”

  “But not for keeps.” Tony smiled, I've
just got to take another crack at fighting
again. I’m ready to hit the comeback trail
if you’ll manage me, Benny.”

  The Gary promoter thought it over.
This Zale kid was made of tough fibre.
He had known Tony since way back when.
The Gary slugger had been pushed too
fast, over-matched, rushed in against top
notchers without having mastered the rudi-
ments of pro fighting. Benny grinned
when he saw Sam Pian, Barney Ross’s
famous manager.

 Sam Pian was the answer to Tony
Zale. It would give Benny a chance to
settle a debt that could not be repaid in
money. Many years back Benny Ray was
down on his heels. Sam Pian had staked
him without blinking an eye. Benny would
never forget it as long as he lived. The
promoter glanced at Zale. Given a top
notch manager who could nurse him along
this kid was set for ring stardom. Sam
Pian was that manager.

  “How about it am?” Benny said, “He’s
a grand kid with a barrel load of guts.

Remember, I picked out Ross and Joe
Louis. Well, Tony Zale is going to be
right up there with them some day.”

  Zale was thrilled. He hoped Sam Pian
would take him into tow. “Okay, Benny,
I’ve seen this boy in action. I’ll bring him
to the top for you. Anytime you want him
back, he’s yours.” For years Pian handled
“Benny Ray’s fighter.” Benny never asked
for him back. Each year he predicted
great things for Tony. Pian and Zale
were satisfied and Benny Ray died happily
some time later. He never did see Tony
rise to stardom but he had squared his
debt with Pian.

  Tony followed Pian’s instructions to
the last letter. The desire to make good
burned in Zale like a flame. Zale was the
strangest tough guy Pian had ever run
across.

 He never drank, never swore, he
trained for each match as though it
was the last and greatest fight of his
career. When he threw a punch, even a
simple jab, he tossed everything he had
behind it. He didn’t just train, he was
fanatically devoted to training. Other
fighters might balk at the grind, but not
Tony. Other fighters might take it easy
between bouts but Tony went right on
with some part of his training regime.

  Zale drove himself relentlessly. He
wanted as much perfection as he was cap-
able of. When he finished one bout he
was already thinking of another. Sam
Pian was pleased by his hard driving pro-
tege. Others were puzzled by this total
devotion to ring warfare. What was Tony
Zale seeking? Did he want to become the
greatest fighter of all time? What made
him lash back ten times as hard when the
chips were stacked against him? What
made him stand up under beatings that
most fighters would have quit?

  Tony Zale was a two fisted tough guy
between the ropes who hated to fight
outside the ring. He was a physical man
who loved to read; a kid who insisted upon
obtaining a high school education while
laboring in the steel mills. Tony Zale in
his own quiet way was an engine. But
there was no answer to Tony Zale’s fierce
drive, his tremendous will to succeed. The
answer was in the Tony Zale who faced
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

89

Hostak, Abrams, Conn and Graziano. Yes,
the answer was there, but the key to
the question. What drove Tony Zale? —
was forged a long time ago when he was
a boy in Gary.

II

Anthony florian zaleski,

was born in the fiery reflection of
the Gary steel mills. Ever since he was
a child he could remember the reddish
glow in the night sky. The soot-covered,
smoke-ridden city, at the lake bottom. The
laborers going to work with green lunch
pails. The mournful cry of the factory
whistles announcing the end of one dreary
shift and the start of another.

  The mills of Gary claimed everyone
sooner or later. Tony’s Polish born
parents settled in Gary in 1912. His
father was a moulder in the blazing
foundry of the Illinois Steel Corporation.
Automobiles were new fangled, reckless
and expensive things. Joseph Zaleski was
fond of using a bicycle. One day Papa
Zaleski was found dead on the streets of
Gary, his bicycle a twisted wreck after
having been struck by an automobile.

  His widow was left with seven children,
five boys and two girls. The road ahead
was a hard one for the family. Mary,
the eldest daughter, went to work. One
by one the Zaleski boys followed each
other into the roaring infernos of the
steel mills. As each lad reached fifteen
he took up his lunch pail and headed for
the mills. Young Tony’s turn came soon
enough.

  He neither hated nor liked the mills at
first. It was work and the family needed
money. Tony was never one to runaway
from a fact. It was a fact that if he
worked in the mills and didn’t get himself
an education he might not get anywhere
either. His mother encouraged him along
those lines and he graduated from high
school. He was a fine student and read
a great deal along with indulging in sports.
His older brothers, both amateur boxers,
donned the gloves with him when Tony
was only ten.

  He got used to the feel of padded
leather. It wasn’t strange that he entered

the Golden Gloves at the age of sixteen.
Nor was it odd that he won the Gary
welterweight and middleweight titles four
times in a row. Tony rolled up fifty knock-
outs in ninety-five contests. In the winter
of 1934 lie travelled to New York in order
to represent Chicago in the inter-city finals.

  Tony was a middleweight. He was sure
to hold his own in that division. A big,
sleepy-eyed colored boy with a shy, pleas-
ant smile, was representing Chicago in
the light-heavy weight division. He was
a terrific socker for an amateur, this Joe
Louis.

  His New York opponent, stocky Melio
Bettina, was far above average for an
amateur likewise. In a few years he went
on to win the world’s light-heavyweight
championship. At the last minute Joe
Louis was disqualified from the team as
his official residence was Detroit and not
Chicago. Somebody had to fill the Brown
Bomber’s place against a rugged mauler
like Bettina.

  Tony Zale, the middleweight from Sub-
urban Gary, was the Windy City’s answer
to Bettina. Tony was tough, dead game.
He could hit like a mule and take a
punch without backing up. Of course Zale
only weighed 153 to Bettina’s well stacked
175 pounds. But for a kid who managed
to graduate from high school and work in
the steel mills at the same time, it shouldn’t
have been too great a handicap, provided
you weren’t in Zale’s shoes facing husky
Melio Bettina.

  Madison Sq. Garden was packed. Bull
bodied, hairy chested Melio Bettina
scowled in his corner. A chunky, unortho-
dox southpaw, with tremendous power in
his hefty frame, Melio certainly didn’t
look like an amateur. The mob waited
anxiously for his opponent. They stared
in disbelief as Tonv Zale stepped through
the ropes. The blond kid from the mid-
west appeared awfully fragile alongside
Bettina. So this was the substitute for
Joe Louis. Well, chalk up a knockout for
New York!

  Tony could read it in their faces, hear it
in their voices when he shed his robe. He
stood nonchalantly in his corner. Broad
shouldered, square jawed, cucumber cool.
Nothing could ruffle Tony Zale once he
90	FIGHT

slipped through the ropes. He waited
calmly for the opening bell. Zale rubbed
his gloves together and rushed at the
gong’s hollow sound. Bettina sailed into
him. They collided in mid-ring and a sizz-
ling fight was on.

  Zale was backed against the ropes by
the crushing weight advantage of Bettina.
He lashed furiously at his stocky foe.
Tony in trouble was ten times as danger-
ous, even in these early, simon pure days.

  Bettina sopped up a pulverizing right
to the body. The crowd roared and rose
from their seats. Melio was grovelling on
the canvas. Goliath had been hit by
David’s slingshot. The bull-torsoed battler
came off the deck with murder in his eyes.
He lunged at the comparatively fragile
Zale. His awkward, southpaw stance threw
Tony off. His tweny-two pound weight
edge shoved Zale back. Tony never quit
or yielded for a moment. He slugged his
way to the final bell while the mob shouted
their approval. Bettina got the decision,
Zale got the glory. Tony had put up one
of the gamest, toughest stands, ever dis-
played in a handicap fight.

  Tony had gone as far as he could in
the amateurs. His record of fifty knock-
out victories was sensational to say the
least. He returned to Gary and was
roundly congratulated by his family and
fellow steel workers. Tony walked along
the grimy streets. He stared at the red-
dish glow in the night sky. The mills, just
as he had seen them since he was a child.
The roaring open hearth furnace ready to
claim him again. The long hours, the
dreary nights, the mechanical robot march
of men through an inferno. Suddenly
Tony Zale hated the mills.

  His father, his brothers, his relatives
and his pals were all part of the mills.
Chained to rivers of molten metals, for-
ever smelling the warm, rusty odor of hot
steel in their nostrils. Steel was on their
clothes, bits of metal in their skin. They
washed and scrubbed only to take in more
steel again. Sure, the mills had made him
strong and tough. The mills had molded
him like an ingot of steel. It was hard
work, honest work. Tony didn’t balk at
it. But there was another door. A door
to fame and fortune to a security he could

STORIES

never know in the mills. If he could open
that door Mom would never have to worry
about meeting bills again. The possibility
of it lay within his fists. The prize-ring
could free him from the mills and give
Mom, the family and himself, a security
they had never known since Father Zaleski
had been killed on the smoke fogged
streets of Gary.

  Therein lay the answer to what drove
Tony Zale. The kid from Gary fought to
stay away from the steel mills. He drove
himself relentlessly in order to make a
better life for himself and others. Sure,
Tony wanted fortune but only enough to
buy himself security. Fame? yes, he would
take that too in his own shy, modest way.
As long as he was a hero to his hard
working mother and family, that was
enough fame for Tony Zale. Mom had
pinned a great many hopes on him. She
prayed that her boy would make good in
his newly chosen profession. Tony was
courageous, bright, ambitious. He must
make good. He must be happy. He was
her son. She had seen too many hard-
ships among the steel workers to deny
Tony his gambling attempt at fame and
fortune.

CHICAGO wasn’t like Gary. The
windy city was a huge, indifferent
place for Tony Zale. Fighting for pay
was like beginning his career all over
again. He had to start from the bottom.
Four rounders, prelims that often bored
the customers as they waited for the main
event. But Tony Zale was different right
from the start. He tore from his corner
and fought with everything he had.

  Unknowns, Allen, Simpson, Millsap, Lis-
ton. Tony blasted them to the canvas. He
never took a rest, he was anxious to make
good, over-anxious. There were times
when no more than seventy-two hours
elapsed between bouts. Tony would fight
on a Monday night and be back in the
ring on Thursday. His competition in-
creased by leaps and bounds. In five
short months he had punched himself into
the main event class. There was no smart
manager to pull strings for him, no “ins”
with a promoter, no organization behind
him, nothing to back him up but a furious,
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

91

courageous desire to make good. He
lacked experience badly.

 There was no master minding Jack
Blackburn to train and guide him a la
Joe Louis. Nor was there a shrewd and
patient manager, devoted, unhurried, tak-
ing endless time to develop him like Pop
Foster had done for Jimmy McLarnin.
There was nothing but Tony Zale vs. the
other fighters in the ring. His older
brother Johnny, an ex-amateur boxer, was
too busy making his own way in the steel
mills. Johnny knew training inside and
out just like he knew his kid brother. But
the mills had claimed him long ago and
he belonged to them.

  The hour glass of Tony Zale’s success
began to crack in less than half a year.
Skillful, seasoned main event boxers like
Jack Gibbons took decisions over him.
Jack, the nephew of two great boxers of
yesterday, Mike and Tommy Gibbons, had
his uncles to teach him the subleties of
ring craft. Tony was tired, he needed a
rest. He went right on fighting from one
mis-match to another. He began to slide
rapidly down to the preliminaries again.
Someone by the name of Bazzione took a
decision over him. A guy named Phagan
knocked him out. A ham and egger like
Jack Moran held him to a miserable six
round draw.

  The hour glass of success had broken.
Two years after beginning his ring career
Tony Zale was back where he started
from. Tony came back to Gary in de-
feat. The steelworkers, his family and
Mom were still all for him. Gradually Tony
drifted toward the dreaded mills. He took
up his place before the open hearth furnace
again and was silent. Tony’s ambition was
halted, not crushed. Ted Momot, a friend,
talked Tony into a Florida trip.

  For the first time in his life the steel
city slugger took a long rest. He basked
in the sun, fished and loafed. The roar
of the mills and the dim fight crowds were
far behind him. Lying on the sand, staring
at the tropical blue sky, gave Tony’s tired
body a chance to heal and his brain a
chance to think. He was twenty-three
years old. Vibrant life and hope surged
back into his powerful physique again.

  He decided to make a comeback. No

rushing, no over-matching this time. He
didn’t care if it took him ten years. Tony
Zale was determined to master his trade.
He refused to become discouraged despite
any set backs of the past or future. Tony
knew he had the stuff. Melio Bettina was
a top rank pro fighter now and he had
dropped Bettina on the deck just two short
years ago. Tony Zale returned to Chicago,
determined to turn his back on the steel
mills of Gary forever.

  Things weren’t easy at first, not even
with Sam Pain at the helm. Tony was
rusty, there was plenty to learn. Becoming
a four round prelim boy again wasn’t very
inspiring either. He climbed back very
slowly. This time fighting several return
matches until he mastered his opponents.
Pie had his downs as well as ups. Once
again he was kayoed. This time by Jimmy
Clark. A shadow of a doubt blackened
Tony’s morale. But he recalled a promise
that would keep him plugging towards the
championship even if everything else
failed.

  Tony loved his mother dearly. Despite
his rugged, tough, self-sufficient fibre he
was a momma’s boy. Tony helped around
the kitchen, washed dishes, mopped floors,
even baked cakes. Mom was always there
to encourage him when he was glum. Mom
was there to pray for him when he fought,
to worry when he lost and feel hopeful
when her boy won. Tony knew how much
she worried about his career. It wasn’t
easy for a mother to see her son come
home with nicks and scars and stitches.
But if it was what Tony wanted, if there
was a rainbow and a pot of gold at the
end of the trail it was alright with her.
Tony promised that he would make good
in a great big way, he would drop the
middleweight championship of the world
in her lap. Someday she would see that
all her hopes were not in vain.

  Mother Zaleski did live long enough to
see her Tony crowned champion of the
world. It was one of the happiest mo-
ments of Tony’s life when he returned
to their modest home with a title in his
belt.

  The blackest day in Tony’s life was the
day he received a call from his brother.
John, while training at Hot Springs, Ar-
92

FIGHT STORIES

kansas. John said that Mom was critically
ill. Tony took a plane to Gary. He arrived
just a few minutes before Mom died. Tony
never fought thereafter without thinking
of his mother. He never quite got over
the feeling that Mom wasn’t still at home
listening to him fight over the radio, or
waiting to hear his own story of defeat or
victory.

  Zale faced his kayo conqueror. Jimmy
Clark, again. This time Tony handled him
with a vengeance. Clark collapsed before
the blazing fury of Tony’s attack. Clark
made the supreme mistake of tangling with
Tony for a third time. Zale beat him to
the canvas with a thunderous onslaught
just a few minutes after the opening bell.
The steel city slugger had more than
squared his account.

  No other fighter in modern times with
the exception of Joe Louis, had Tony’s
ability to score astonishing successes in
repeat performances. It was true against
Hostak, Clark, Graziano and a trouble-
some slugger, Steve Mamakos, Steve was
cutting a wide swath among the middle-
weights shortly after Zale’s series with
Hostak.

  Mamakos was the kind of a fighter that
never wins a title but makes it hell for
those who try. Tony took on this brawler
in Chicago one night. Mamakos nearly
raised the roof with his slugging tactics.
Tony skidded over the line with a decision
and signed for a return slug-fest. The
N. B. A. middleweight title was at stake
and Steve was set to score the biggest
upset of the year.

  Mamakos could punch like blazes. He
staggered Tony early in the fight. Round
after round he slammed at the steel city
slugger. Mamakos long experience against
trial horses, cagey veterans, confusing
southpaws and unorthodox battlers was
paying off against Zale. Mamakos tossed
the book at Tony. There wasn’t a punch
or trick he forgot to employ.

  Tony stepped into Steve’s wicked swings
and ended up on the canvas. The stadium
was in an uproar. Amazingly cool, but
groggy, Zale swung back into action.
Sooner or later he would catch up with
Mamakos. Steve drove him from pillar
to post now that he had the upper hand.

Tony held down the lid of his dynamite
until he could get a clean shot at his
enemy. He was in no mood to be trapped
out of his N.B.A. title by a reckless gam-
ble. Round after round he searched for
an opening in the weaving form of Mama-
kos. There were none.

  It was the fourteenth round. The fans
were hysterical with excitement. Steve
Mamakos was beating Tony Zale. For
once the Gary slugger was failing to turn
in a terrific performance in a return go.
The only cool head in the house was Tony
Zale’s. He lit into Mamakos, unleashed
everything he was capable of throwing,
and kept tossing it until he broke through.
Mamakos stared in disbelief from the
canvas as the referee tolled ten and out!
Steve was never much good after that
night. Tony Zale’s furious outburst had
shattered something else besides his jaw-
bone.

Ill

THE WORLD’S Middleweignt
Championship still remained dis-
puted in 1941, as it had been for ten
years following the retirement of Mickey
Walker. In November of 1941 it narrowed
down to Tony Zale and Georgie Abrams.
Mike Jacobs could no longer deny Zale
a Garden title scrap. The boxing com-
mission and the fans demanded seeing this
slugger from the mid-west.

  Georgie Abrams was a weird looking
fighter. Bald, with a thick mat of hair
curling over his torso. Loose armed, loose
shanked, somewhat flabby around the mid-
dle and yet he was on the trim side. He
was an odd combination of cleverness and
rough house tactics. His big forehead
loomed like a naked skull beneath the
bright ring lights.

  Neither Abrams’ appearance nor tre-
mendous reputation ruffled Zale. He was
fully aware of the Washingtonian’s ex-
ceptional glove talent.

  As Tony crawled through the ropes he
tried to shut his ears against the crowd’s
cheering. Coolness, that was Tony’s code
before, during and after a fight. It was
exciting enough, fighting for the world’s
title, returning to the Garden after seven
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

93

years of ups and downs. In this very
ring he had slugged it out with Melio
Bettina for an amateur title. And now he
had come back as a full fledged profes-
sional. Ring smart, experienced, wised
up, in the art of punching for pay. Tony
was a long way from the steel mills and
he was happy.

 Sam Pian had warned him about
Abrams. “Watch that left hook, Tony.
Georgie knows how to throw it with ven-
geance.” Zale’s pale eyes narrowed. No
matter how much he drilled, Tony still
hadn’t found a fool proof defense for a
spinning left hook aside from hitting the
other man before he got his. It was
perfectly alright with Tony. A fighter’s
job was taking it as well as dishing it
out. The steel city slugger wasn’t one
to seek a soft berth.

  Georgie Abrams awaited the bell with
supreme confidence. It was as simple as
the alphabet. Billy Soose had outboxed
Zale. He had trimmed Soose, not once,
but three times. Hostak had nearly torn
Zale’s head off with a smashing left hook.
Georgie Abrams had the best left hook in
the business since Hostak. Zale was a
willing mixer, all the better. There wasn’t
a sportswriter in the nation who thought
he wasn’t capable of outboxing Zale.

  Abrams snorted at the bell. Zale came
out. Characteristic pose. Tow head tipped
forward. Deep set pale eyes staring, search-
ing. L£ft extended, curled for action. Right
drawn up against his chin. Abrams
slammed in. So he wanted to make a
fight of it from the opening bell. It was
double okay with Tony Zale. The steel
city slugger felt his gloves drive hard
against Abrams cross-webbed arms. Geor-
gie was a lanky spider with a fatal sting in
his left.

  In his own way Abrams was as awk-
ward as Bettina. Leather sizzled against
flesh in a hot exchange. Georgie was
tough, smart, a crack infighter. Tony kept
pushing forward. Biff! bang! Zale felt
his legs buckling. He was on the canvas.
The right side of his face fevered from
Abrams left hook!

  Take it easy Tony. Keep calm, keep
cool. The grey shirted arm of the referee
swung like a metronome before his pale

eyes. The mob roar surged at him from
balcony and mezzanine. “One . . . two . . .
three . . . four.” Zale made no attempt
to move. “Five . . . six . . . seven.” He
brushed his gloves against satin trunks.
“Eight!” Zale picked up the count at nine
and bounced to his feet. Back in the cor-
ner Sam Pian was able to breath again.

  Tony waded into Abrams. It was gruel-
ling, uphill fighting. Georgie had an iron
clad defense with his cross-webbed arms.
Each round the steel city slugger increased
his pace. The bald head loomed before
him. The long face seemed to mock his
efforts. Georgie Abrams wras smarter and
faster and just as tough as the man from
the mills. Zale hammered relentlessly.

  He felt Abrams grab and hold in the
fourth. Move back in the fifth. Blood
trickled from Georgie’s eyes in the sixth.
Zale was smashing punishing rights at the
heart and head. It was in the bag, Abrams
was fading mid-way. Bang! that vicious
left drove at Tony in the eighth. Zale could
feel his teeth chatter. The crowd faces
blurred. Abrams swarmed all over him.
The bell was welcome relief.

  Tony let himself die for sixty seconds.
Arms hanging limply, eyes closed. He
heard nothing, wanted to hear nothing but
the blood bubbling through his veins,
feeding his muscles. It was Tony Zale’s
way of getting three minutes rest out of
sixty seconds.

  Tony swept Abrams across the ring in
the ninth. His drive was too furious for
denial. Georgie was rocked by jolting jabs,
shaken to his ankles by thunderous rights.
Desperately Abrams worked himself in
and out of clinches. He held for dear
life. Tony slammed him against the ropes.
Georgie’s instinct, born of long experience
and a cast iron defensive network of arms
was the only thing that held him up.

  Zale blasted his way to an overwhelming
decision. At the final bell Abrams big
face was a red blood mask. His eyes
hammered to a pulp. Nose, cheeks, lips
swollen. Georgie could barely make it to
his corner. His arms were bruised and
stiff, his body beaten into a pink flame.
He had paid the price for refusing to yield
before Tony Zale.

  “The new, undisputed middleweight
94

FIGHT STORIES

champion of the world!” Tony shivered
with joy at the words. An official champ-
ion at last. On top of the fistic world,
seven years almost to a day since his
amateur scrap against Bettina in this same
ring. Tony bounded across the ring.
Words of praise for his beaten foe. The
microphone was shoved before him. The
first words out of his mouth were for the
home folks in Gary. Familiar faces
jammed his dressing room. The steel city
boys would travel twice around the world
to see Tony fight.

  Mike Jacobs clamored for Tony Zale
now. Out of the smoke and din of the
dressing room Tony heard Billy Conn’s
name mentioned. “Billy Conn? Mike
Jacobs wants me to fight Billy Conn?
Sure, I'll fight him. Who cares if Conn’s
a lightheavy or a heayweight? Who cares
if he almost licked Joe Louis. I’ll fight
Joe Louis if Mike wants me to.” That
was Tony Zale, not boasting, just willing
to trade leather with any man in the ring.

  Sam Pian signed for the Conn match
immediately. The sports writers thought
he was crazy. If believing implicity in
the ability of Tony Zale to stand up against
any man in the ring was insanity, then
Sam Pian was crazy.

TONY ZALE didn’t linger in New
York very long. He never felt at
home outside of Gary. Gary people were
his people. The kind he had grown up
with and knew best. Tony shook hands
around the steel city until his fingers were
sore. He visited his old haunts, places
he had never gotten away from. Places
he never wanted to get away from. St.
Hedwig’s Catholic Grammar School in
Gary. Father Grothouse, the priest who
knew him ever since he was a kid. Jack
Gilroy, physical director for Gary schools.
The fellows he had played handball and
baseball with, the steel workers, the name-
less, numerous chums around the city who
no more felt at home in Gary without
seeing Tony Zale, then he did when he
was away from them.

  Yes, 1941 was a great year for Tony
Zale. It was at this time that he met a
very striking brunette. It was the best
St. Hedwig’s party he had ever attended.

Adeline Richwalski’s presence had seen to
that. She was a sweet girl, a wonderful
girl. She would make a good wife for
Tony Zale now that he could settle down.
He kept running into her by accident, in
Gary, in Chicago. On the street, in a bus,
in a train, at a social gathering.

  After his fight with Billy Conn, Zale
enlisted in the Navy. Two days later he
married Adeline. Nobody was surprised.
Adeline became part of the large Zaleski
family with their happy gatherings. Things
were settling for Tony Zale. The steel
city slugger couldn’t forsee the future.
He had no idea what would happen against
Conn, except that he would fight like a
tiger. He had no idea how long the war
would last and like everyone else he had
never heard of Rocky Graziano.

  February 13, 1942, the war is in full
swing. Uniforms can be spotted all over
the Garden. The crowd has turned out
for one of the biggest handicap matches
ever staged. Billy Conn, hard hitting Pitts-
burgh heavyweight who eight short months
ago flattened Joe Louis, is facing the 160
pounder, Tony Zale.

  It doesn’t make sense, Zale has no busi-
ness being in there with Conn. Joe Louis
is introduced in uniform. He smiles
broadly at his rousing reception. He shakes
hands with Conn, then Zale. There is
admiration in the Brown Bomber’s eyes
as he speaks with Tony Zale. Both of
them came up from the Chicago amateurs
together. Zale went to bat for him against
Bettina the night Joe was disqualified.
Conn nearly took Joe’s title. People are
talking, Louis isn’t what he was cracked
up to be. Who is Conn? Can a small
guy like Tony Zale lick him?

  Joe sits tensely in his ringside seat. The
outcome of Conn vs. Zale is darned im-
portant for the Brown Bomber. If Zale
upsets Billy Conn then the public is right.
Joe Louis has lost his grip, and a million
dollar future gate will be swept away. The
odds are heavy on Conn but Joe remem-
bers Tony Zale from those amateur days.
The steel city slugger’s gameness is a
factor to be reckoned with.

  Conn. six feet tall, towers over five feet
eight inch Tony Zale. The Pittsburgh
fighter has everything but stamina and
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

courage over Tony Zale. Its apparent from
the start, Conn’s superiority. Billy is fast
and shifty, he had reach, height, weight.
Conn moves rapidly on the balls of his
feet, blocks beautifully with his elbows
and shoulders. Zale, blond, pale eyed,
pugnacious, rips at the bigger man.

  Zale takes the third with a furious drive
to the body. Four more rounds pass with
Conn in front. They’re coming out for
the eighth. Six rounds for Billy, only one
for Tony. The steel city slugger shakes
Conn with a smashing mid-section attack.
Joe Louis stirs uncomfortably, not that
he doesn’t wish Tony Zale the best of
luck. But if the shorter, smaller man,
the complete underdog turns the tide, Joe’s
performance against Billy Conn will be
written off the books as a failure for the
Brown Bomber.

  Conn is aware of the excited drone of
the crowd. Zale is making him look foolish
indeed. The Pittsburgh heavyweight is
grimly determined to end this farce in the
ninth. If he can knock out a two hundred
pound heavyweight like Gunnar Barlund,
drop Joe Louis on his panties, surely he
can better this middleweight into sub-
mission.

  Zale reels beneath the fury of Conn’s
attack. Don’t go down, Tony. Don’t go
down, Tony. He keeps repeating between
locked lips. He tried gamely to fight back
as Conn drives him from one side of the
ring to the other. Its the bell, the end of
the ninth. Zale is still on his feet.

  Conn continues banging away, through
the tenth, eleventh. Tony answers Conn’s
fury the only way he knows how. with a
merciless barrage of his own, a faltering but
plucky counter-attack against the bigger
man. Before the finish of the fight in the
twelfth, Zale had been on the verge of
a knockout five times as he staggered on
the canvas. Billy Conn could not put Zale
on the deck!

  Sheer grit, determination, steel stamina
and the will to fight saved Tony Zale. His
heart-rending, stubborn stand against the
bigger man, tore at the crowd. There
were shouts of “Draw! Draw!” as the
referee collected the slips. Purely an emo-
tional response by the mob, for Tony had

95

Do You Want to
Make Men OBEY YOU?

Do you want to make him love
you wildly fiercely? Do you
want to make him say, ‘‘Darling,
I adore you. I worship you. I’ll
do ANYTHING for Y0U1” Do
you want to make him OBEY
your every command? Then use
CHEZ-ELLE (What a Perfume)
to help you CONTROL Men. One
woman told me that CHEZ-
ELLE is the STRONGEST per-
fume she ever used. Another
woman told us that she blesses
the day she first used CHEZ-
ELLE, because now her husband
comes homo at night to help her.

Just send me your name and address and I will rush
a Trial Bottle of CHEZ-ELLE (What a Perfume) to
you. When the postman delivers CHEZ-ELLE in a plain
package, deposit only $2 plus postage (3 for $5) with him
on this GUARANTEE. Use CHEZ-ELLE for 10 days.
If you don’t agree that CHEZ-ELLE is the most POW-
ERFUL perfume you ever used, return it and I’ll send
your $2 right back. Write NOW to

TRULOVE. 58 Walker Street, Dept. 145-AC, Hew York II

 Something Hew!

 TWO BOOKS IN ONE!
 A ^ value for 25(!

   Two complete western books in one
   magazine. A double-barrel bull’s-eye
   of buckaroo action and campfire ro-
   mance. Each issue of TWO WEST-
   ERN BOOKS contains two full-
   length western novels, complete and
   uncondensed. Each issue gives you
   the pick of the western novel round-
   up. Get your copy today . * .

TWO

WESTERN

BOOKS

  On Sale At All Newsstands

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
96

FIGHT STORIES

won no more than three of a dozen rounds.
Conn charged angrily up the aisle, “I’ll
never fight a little man again!” he snapped
as the mob cheered Tony Zale to the
rafters.

  Both men were in uniform shortly after.
Zale in the Navy. Conn in the Army.
Tony was a petty officer, first class, and
on active duty for three years. He never
allowed himself a chance to get out of
shape. In Puerto Rico he headed a physi-
cal conditioning program for many months.

  Tony certainly had no trouble making
the grade in the Navy. Calm, cool, modest,
methodical and friendly, that was petty
officer Zale. He knew how to take orders
as well as give them. Although Tony did
no boxing for four years, he insisted on
continuing as much of his training pro-
gram as possible sans gloves. Tony knew
it was back to the ring for him as soon
as the war ended. He had a wife and a
family of his own now to care for. Al-
though he was the middleweight champion,
Tony didn’t make much money out of
his hard won laurels. Hostak had grabbed
the lion’s share of the profits in their
series. As a matter of fact when Tony
journeyed to Seattle and lifted the title
it did nothing more than pay his expenses.
Hostak’s manager felt if Zale wanted the
crown he would have to pay for it.

  The Abrams match wasn’t the big at-
traction it should have been. The Conn
camp had received far more than Tony
Zale, as Billy was the “big” name on the
card then, not Tony. The steel city slugger
knew he would be over thirty years of age
by the time he received his discharge. That
didn’t leave much time for title defenses.
A boxer was definitely past his peak by
the time he hit thirty. Strangely enough
it was Tony’s post-war scraps that brought
him undying fame and fortune.

IN 1946, when Tony donned the gloves
again he was the forgotten champion.
Nobody had heard of him since the night
of the Conn fight four years back. In
the time Zale had spent in the service
another middleweight had become promi-
nent. And that’s, putting it mildly. Rocky
Graziano, the tousled haired, gum chew-
ing, swaggering fighter from the brawling

streets of New York’s tough East Side
was a sensation.

  Graziano was everything that Zale was
not. One would have to search far for
two more opposite types. This they had in
common, both had come up the hard way,
both of them terrific fighters. The resem-
blance ended there. Had a promoter tried
to dream up a pair of opposites like Zale
and Graziano his product would have
borne only a pale resemblance to the real
thing.

  Rocky was a street corner tough, ju-
venile delinquent, a reform school gradu-
ate, a specialist in sidewalk fist fighting and
back alley brawling. If Zale was made of
steel, Rocky was hewn from the concrete
sidewalks of New York. Thrown out of
school for refusing to learn, and assault-
ing his teachers, Rocky roamed the streets
with marauding corner gangs.

  While Tony Zale was plugging away
in the steel mills, Graziano was brushing
shoulders with mobsters. Tony fought to
get an education. Rocky fought just as
hard not to get one. The street was where
young Rocky learned, the street was where
he lived. Graziano believed in only one
law, that which his ten knuckles could
either defend or break. Method, order,
not for Rocky. Graziano’s war record was
completely the opposite of Zale’s. The
“Rock” spent ten months in an Army
prison for disobedience while Tony
sweated beneath the Puerto Rican sun
drilling men in a physical conditioning pro-
gram.

  Zale was a polished boxer compared to
Graziano. Rocky’s early managers were
discouraged by his right hand crazy crude-
ness and his inability to fight in any
other style but a caveman’s. Graziano was
finally picked up by Irving Cohen, who
managed him and taught him a few essen-
tial fine points. The Rock quickly dis-
carded most of them and went right back
to his primitive manner of slugging. That
smashing right hand of his brought him
victory when everything else failed.

  Smart boxers, Harold Green, Freddie
Cochrane, stabbed the ears off the Rock
until the moment Graziano’s right landed.
There was no arguing with that furious
right, no recovering from its lethal sting.
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

97

Two welterweight champions, Cochrane
and Servo bit the dust in rapid order when
they faced Graziano. Terrific hitting Billy
Arnold crumbled before the Rock’s attack.
These men weren’t beaten in the ordinary
sense, they were electrocuted by Graziano’s
right.

  In the Spring of }46 Tony Zale was
the champion, but one would never know
it unless he scanned the record books or
remembered the prewar Hostak and
Abrams clashes. Rocky Graziano was on
everyone’s tongue. The most talked of
fighter in the middleweight division.

  Tony Zale was truly the forgotten man
of boxing when he signed for the Graziano
fight. He was an old champion, thirty-two,
grown rusty in the Navy. Fans with short
memories began to ask, who did he ever
beat? Graziano was hot copy, scribes and
fans flocked to his camp. Graziano kayoed
his sparmates while Zale trained in his
methodical, unspectacular manner.

  Promoter Mike Jacobs talked of a sen-
sational $700,000 gate. The fans spoke
of Rocky. The papers carried column after
column on the new fistic star. Tony Zale,
who was he? The guy who is going to
fight Graziano. Say, Zale’s the champ
ain’t he? These conversations were typi-
cal wherever sportsmen gathered.

  Tony trained doggedly, unmindful of
the huge buildup for his opponent. Graz-
iano was just another fighter to him. Tony
was aware of Graziano’s crashing right
but not afraid of it. The fight was sched-
uled for July but destined not to come of?
until September. Zale complained of pierc-
ing pains in his ribs. Trainer and mana-
gers rushed him to a doctor. The medico
called it neuritis but he was only half
right. The bout was cancelled and Tony
returned to Chicago where the neuritis at-
tack developed into pnuemonia.

  The postponement only served to wet
the appetites of the fans. The champion
recovered and September found both con-
testants training in Stillman’s gym, at
different hours. As Zale would leave, his
future opponent would come hopping up
the stairs wearing a polo shirt and trailed
by a mob of Dead End looking kids. Tony

7—Fight—Fall

UlUSTRATBP

CARTOON BOOKLETS/

  ■SAY.miOWS! BE THE UfEfftfttftUlTY
  WITH TNK£ SMAUIllUSTIUTEO CAR-
  TOON BOOKLETS COMIC OMRACTUS

  •	io. au otmneuT, ti postpaid

  •	SORRY, MO POSTAL C.O.D.'S/

 ftECBNAlD SALES

  I2I6AB Park Row Bldg., N. Y. 7. N. Y.

ARE YOU LONELY?

Thousands of lonely folk EVERYWHERE have
found true happiness through introductions by mail.
We ■will show you PROOF of results. Send NOW
for FREE particulars in plain sealed envelope.

RAINBOW SERVICE, 110 W. Oak Avenue
Santa Rosa, CaU Dept. FH

WANT TO BE A MERCHANT SEAMAN?
11 n r MOPNTHLY^V’ STARTING PAY

195

APPROX. AV.

MONTHLY

TRAVEL-ADVENTURE
overtime CAREER AT SEA ON
LODGING AMERICAN SHIPS

NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED TO START
EX-SERVICEMEN WITH SUFFICIENT SERVICE
MAY QUALIFY FOR SHIP'S OFFICERS
for further Information WRITE today to:
MERCANTILE INFORMATION BUREAU OF GALVESTON
Box 6954-D, Walbrook Station Baltimore 16, Md.

LONESOME?

Marry Richt

Do you want letters from our well-to-do
members? Yes. from your own state. Send
name and age for our free matching chart.
Try us—we’re different, and very fast.

BLAIR CLUB
4554-FD Broadway Chicago 40, HI.

LOVE! MONEY! POWER!

All these can be yours! Handwriting reveals the hidden
talents which will make you a success in your personal
life. Get your individual analysis today! Send ten
lines in your writing and $1.00 to—

SEYMOUR SCHNEID

1669 Norman St., Ridgewood 27, Queens, New York

WHY BE LONELY?

If It’s Friends, Romance or Companionship you
want, let one of America’s foremost Clubs arrange
a correspondence for you. A confidential service.
Nationwide membership. Sealed particulars free.
Send stamp and age.

             PEARL J. SMITH
P. O. Box 2732-H	Kansas City, Mo,

          MMAM.O

     SPORTSMAN*

        Powerful — Naw — Accural,	P0*

        KilU Rabbin, Squmali. E«c
        ftowH rnti

                                       tivoU AicHoryl
             FaU fecomins a Ma|o» Sport
             ^	"Ho"*1 •	Easy la m

        _ Co inflate wfefc 40 poll* and aitra rufaW ifrapi.
        WMAAVO MK. CO, Bo> U.W. South toodwo. Colli.
        *fra<M«ional nvxW WMd by mwnb,re Noll St.nj.ho* Auoc

Please mention Fiction House Macazinl Group when answering advertisements
98

FIGHT STORIES

glanced at the well, built, dark-eyed, gum
chewing fighter with the tousled hair. He
heard the hoarse, tough voice of the chal-
lenger.

  There was no sign of recognition be-
tween champion and challenger. Zale’s
cold pale eyes stared straight ahead. In-
stinctively both knew they would get to
know each other soon enough. It was al-
most as though they could already feel
the impending violence of their struggle.

IV

SEPTEMBER 27, 1946. The Yankee
Stadium, a clear, bracing autumn
night. Two men, one blond, the other
black haired, stand beneath the warm glare
of lights barely listening to the warning
undertone of the referee’s instructions.
Rocky Graziano’s dark eyes gaze at the
canvas. Once in awhile he raises his head
and glances briefly at the cold, steady stare
of Tony Zale.

  “Alright, back to your corners and come
out fighting.” Ex-fighter and now referee
Ruby Goldstein says thickly. Never was
that phrase more unnecessary than tonight.
Zale watches the lights fade like twilight
around the stadium. His brothers are sit-
ting out in the mob darkness. Johnny,
Wally and Joe. The Zaleski boys from the
steel mills of Gary rooting for Tony
from the bottom of their hearts. The steel
workers who have taken a week end off
are lost in the vast expanse of the arena.
Aside from his brothers and the workers,
very few people believe in Tony Zale,
very few have come to see the champion.

  The talk is all Graziano. The odds three
to one, are all Graziano. The big name
sportswriters crowding the ringside have
their eyes on Graziano. Tony Zale is aware
of the crowd’s fascination for his oppon-
ent. The champion is a complete under-
dog. The champion is pimply a guy stand-
ing temporarily in the way of Graziano’s
spectacular and certain quest for the title.

  Its that way at the bell when Graziano
shoves out of his corner while the crowd
roar follows him into Tony Zale who
waits. Rocky Graziano smashes contempt-
uously at Zale. No attempt at defense on
Rocky’s part not one ounce of caution.

  The punches hiss from the coiled mus-
cles of the challenger's powerful sloping
shoulders. They break like all the furies
on Zale’s head and torso. The champion
moves around, he steps aside, never back,
and then all at once he matches blow for
blow with Graziano’s deadly power. Zale
is shaken, his body breaks out into great
pink splotches from the challenger’s blows.

  The crowd screams to their feet. A
frenzy of excitement grips the stadium.
Rocky Graziano’ head is flung back, his
torso arches, as the champ rockets an un-
expected right uppercut to his jaw. Graz-
ciano, bewildered is taking the count!
One . . . two . . . three . . . four. Mur-
derous anger clouds the dark eyes of the
challenger. Five! Graziano springs to his
feet with the savage speed of a jaguar
landing on a jungle path.

  40.000 voices funnel into a frenzied
roar. The mob is swept on the wave of
Graziano’s furious attack. Rocky would
bash Zale’s head in with a hammer if he
had one. Instead his wine colored gloves
churn like leather mallets while the champ
stands his ground unflinching, returning
as much as he can get through the storm
that beats his flesh against his bones.

  The wild dark eyes flash before his
face. Leather cracks against Zale’s head,
shoulders, arms, even his wrists. There’s
no escape from the clubbing cyclone of
punches. Zale stands up and trades but
its a losing exchange for the champion.

  The bell rings numbly in his ears.

  Trainer Joe Neidwick rubs something
cold around his neck. Sam Pian and Art
Winch are talking. Tony Zale lays his
head back against the ropes. He gulps the
cool night air. His legs are planted wearily
on the canvas. His arms hang loosely at
his sides. He usually feels this way at
the end of a long, hard, tough contest and
its only the second round coming up!

  Graziano shoots from his stool at the
bell. The wild dark eyes flash before
Tony’s face again. Bludgeoning leather
booms at Zale and drives him back. The
champion draws deep breaths. He must
stand right up to Graziano. He must face
up to him and trade blow for blow. Res-
olute, grim lipped, Zale fires back. The
fans sit at the edge of their seats. The
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

99

smack of leather on hard muscles echoes
along the outer rows of the stadium.

  Tony rolls beneath the crash of Graz-
iano’s right. The champ snorts and gulps.
He can feel the tremendous animal energy
of Graziano as they bump gloves and
shoulders. The unceasing, weighty beat of
Rock’s fists on his body. Zale squints be-
neath the lights. Shifting, weaving, tear-
ing at him, that’s Graziano, without a
vulnerable spot on his tough frame. That
right uppercut in the first round was
enough to daze a horse but it only served
to pour fresh vitality into Graziano.

  The steel city slugger is trying desper-
ately to keep up with the challenger.
Boom! Graziano’s right rams into his head
like a crow bar. Tony sees the lights
shiver and lurch overhead. He’s on the
canvas and the crowd faces begin to whirl
like a merry go round. Graziano is a blur
moving along the ropes. The referee
counts to three. Tony is shaking his head.
He draws his right glove in a vague ges-
ture across his blood stained mouth. Graz-
iano is coiled on the ropes waiting for the
champ to stagger to his feet before he
bulls in for the kill. The sharp clang of
the bell stops the official’s count. Rocky
swears and spits on the canvas.

  Tony flops on the green stool. Sam
Pian speaks with a kind of rapid calm.
He’s excited but confident that his man
will weather the storm. Zale’s corner has
implicit faith in their man. They’ve seen
Tony come off the deck many times in the
past, Hostak, Mamakos, almost had him.
But neither of them could hit like this
Graziano. Tony’s face has never been
so cut up before.

  Whitey Bimstein taps Graziano’s power-
ful shoulders as the warning buzzer makes
the crowd tense. “This is it.” Whitey
whispers hoarsely. Rocky nods, Zale is
scheduled to go out, in this, the third
round. The champion is met with a two
fisted barrage. He staggers and rolls be-
neath the punches. Graziano is turning
the knockout current on with fierce heat.

  Zale tells himself to fight back, but his
weary arms are ridiculous weapons against
his enemy’s rapid-fire dynamite. Tony rolls
beneath crude swings and he crouches and

ARE YOU LONESOME?

      Large 16-page magazine, complete with de-
t ^ tails, pictures and descriptions, both ladies
‘ W and gentlemen. Copy lOtf; with ladies’ or
J gentlemen’s addresses 50^.

(	WEED AfiENCY

r 772 Cleveland Ave., Bridgeport 4, Conn.

Ir«>

WHY BE LONELY!

Lot America'* greatest Introduction serrico
And your ideal friend, sweetheart, or mate.
Our amazingly different systom has brought
Ideal love, friendship, and enduring hap-
piness to thousands. Why not you? This
method offers individual analysis and In-
troduction to persons of your type. Sensa-
tional results—even when all other methods
fail. Largest, most select membership. Sealed details FHBH.
DR. MILES, Box 9265, Sta. S, Los Angelos 5, Cal.

SAVE * 3! POUJERMKE

DIRECT FROM FACTORY TO YOU

Nationally known-Makes your bike a speedy
streamlined Powerbike at new low cost. Ideal
for work and play! Write for FREE LITERATURE!

SAGINAW PRODUCTS CORP.v

112 Rlvor St.. Saginaw, Michigan

RUPTURE-EASER

A strong, form fitting, washable sup'
port. Back lacing adjustable. Snaps
up In front. Adjustable leg strap.
Soft, flat groin pad. No steel or
leather bands. Unexcelled for comfort
Also used as after operation support
For men or women. Mali orders give
measure around the lowest part of the
abdomen. Specify right or left side
or double.

Rlflht Of Wft

$*.$3*5

308 East 12th

PIPER BRACE CO.

Dopt. FH-6 Kansas City 6, Mo.

Do YOU want

MONEY, LOVE, and POWER?

Do you feel that opportunity is pass-
ing you by? That if someone showed
you HOW, you could earn big money,
be popular and make people admire
you? Wouldn’t you like to win in
whatever you do? Boss those who now
boss you? Deane Hammond, a college
trained New York Public Relations
Executive has compiled a FORMULA
_	FOR SUCCESS that helped him to

open wide the door to SUCCESS,
LOVE and HAPPINESS. Don’t sit on the sidelines while
others obtain life’s greatest pleasures. Just send me your
name and address for a 10 DAY TRIAL. When the post-
man delivers the booklet FORMULA FOR SUCCESS
with instructions, pay only $2 plus postage. Follow his
directions carefully and I PERSONALLY GUARAN-
TEE that if you are not COMPLETELY SATISFIED
within 10 days, I'll send your $2 right back. You are en-
titled to try to gain for yourself the HEALTH,
WEALTH and HAPPINESS you have always wanted.
Write NOW to

TRU LOVE

58 WALKER STREET
Dept. 145-AH, Now York 1)

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
100

FIGHT STORIES

takes those he can’t get away from. He
refuses to step back or go down. Graziano
is punching at a shifting, weary target
held up by stamina and courage alone.
The Zaleski boys turn away from the
ring and they’re not squeamish. The crowd
is yelling. “Stop it!” at referee Ruby
Goldstein.

  The champions face is an inhuman,
blood stained mask. The crowd squirms
before the sickening, unending chain of
Graziano’s punches. They gaze in silent
awe as Zale throws his shoulders back and
marches proudly to his corner at the bell.
His battered face is held high, a coldly
confident stare still in his eyes. Sam Pian
and Art Winch throw their arms around
him win or lose they’ve got a fighter in
their corner tonight. A man any manager
can be proud of.

GRAZIANO shakes his head in dis-
belief as he stares across the ring at
Zale. His arms are beginning to feel
weary from the hundreds of punches he’s
tossed at the champion. Surely Zale wiH
not be able to weather the fourth. Rocky
tears out to renew the onslaught and the
plucky champion is there to pick up the
challenge. Some of the flame has been
taken from Graziano’s blows, some of the
shock of his power removed through sheer
tiredness.

  Zale can feel the strength flow into his
body again. Long years of clean living
and arduous training is paying him back
in a pinch like he always knew it would.

  Tony brings the crowd to their feet
again with a savage rally. Head and body,
head and body, Zale drives at his enemy
with short, steel packed punches. The
blood trickles from Graziano’s startled face
as the Gary slugger moves in with a
vicious, swinging attack. The steel workers
shout themselves hoarse in the shadows of
the stadium.

  The old timers are reminded of Harry
Greb and Stanley Ketchell. What a match
that would have been had these two great
middleweights clashed. And now the argu-
ment as to the superiority of each is being
settled in replica tonight. Zale is Greb,
Graziano is Ketchell, for the old timers.

  At the ringside Damon Runyon says,

“I’ll take ten to one on Zale.” Just three
short minutes later the dean of sports-
writers reverses his opinion as Graziano
turns the tide again in the fifth. See-saw
betting around the ringside makes the place
look like a panic on the stock exchange.
One moment someone holding a fist full of
greenbacks is shouting himself hoarse for
Zale only to place his money on Graziano
a second later. Nobody knows the out-
come of this fight, not even the experts,
for there are no experts, everybody is a
fan tonight from the gate crashers to the
silk hats.

  The tide has turned completely against
Zale again. His fourth round rally is just
a memory. He wobbles without being hit,
he staggers from the breeze of Graziano’s
wild swings. He barely makes it to his
corner and falls exhausted on his stool.
Only a miracle will carry his blood-flecked
body through another session.

  Tony is given the last rites. His aching
head doused with a bucket of cold water.
An ice pack placed at the base of his
brain, smelling salts waved beneath his
battered nose. Joe Neidwick kneeds his
leg muscles. Art Winch works on his
arms, Sam Pian pulls the elastic band of
his trunks out and makes it easier for him
to breath. Despite his beaten condition
a coldly frozen look of determination is
riveted in Zale’s eyes. Tony isn’t through
yet.

  Sam Pian can see that. Maybe he can
take one more solid punch, or two, or
three. Maybe he’ll just go out there and
hang on to Graziano until the referee stops
the fight. But go out there he must. Sam
knows his fighter, Tony isn’t licked until
they’ve counted ten over him. Sam knows
it doesn’t make sense but not even Graz-
iano can shatter his faith in Tony Zale. At
the bell he keeps telling the others that
Tony will win. “You’ll see, you’ll see, he’ll
win.” Sam repeats blindly. Nothing can
diminish his faith in Tony Zale.

  The champion has barely moved from
his corner when Graziano is in on him
again. Zale is a pitiful spectacle, wobbly
legged, punching back feebly with nothing
but instinct and heart to back him up. The
betting is over. The see-saw is coming
down at one end with Graziano on top.
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

101

Tony’s pale eyes narrow. He stares at the
vicious curl of his enemy’s mouth. The
square, battered face of Zale is impassive.
Suddenly, with terrible energy, Tony Zale
drives a crushing right against Rocky’s
heart.

  Graziano reels, he’s concrete tough and
doubly dangerous when wounded. Zale
clips him on the head with a neat, sharp,
shattering left hook. The challenger
bounces to a sitting position with one leg
curled beneath the other. “One-two-
three. . . ”

  Graziano is resting 011 one knee. His
wild dark eyes are dazed and out of focus;
his bloodied lower lip hangs loosely. His
arm loops through the lower rope and then
his glove reaches up uncertainly for the
top strand. Zale is gasping in a neutral
corner. Rocky clings to the topmost rope.
“Nine-Ten!” he pulls himself up as the
referee completes the count. The ring is
thick with seconds, officials and police-
men. Pian and Winch run to Zale and
hug him with delirious joy.

  Referee Ruby Goldstein’s arms are
locked around Graziano for a different
reason. The former Dead End kid is a
snarling madman. He curses and beats the
air wildly with his gloves.

  He fights to free himself from the offi-
cials grasp in order to get at Zale again.
Cordon of policemen close in on him.
Goldstein is shouting that the fight is
over, he’s been counted out. There is no
reasoning with the rough, tough, caveman
from the slums. Graziano has to be forc-
ibly removed from the ring.

  He swaggers up the aisle, red faced,
angry, feeling cheated and smarting under
the raw wound of his defeat. 40,000 faces
stare at him and Graziano is like an en-
raged bull looking for some object to vent
his fury on. Someone nearby cups his
hands over his mouth and shouts, “Yellow
bum!” Instantly Graziano is ablaze, he
breaks through his guard of burly police-
men while his tormentor flees towards the
bleachers. The slugger from the sidewalks
calms down in his dressing room. He looks
amazingly fresh as the scribes close in
on him and fire questions.

  “That first knockdown right after the

SONG POEMS WANTED

TO BE SET TO MUSIC

Send your Poems today for Free Examination to
J. CHAS. MeNEIL

A.B. MASTER OF MUSIC
510-FH So. Alexandria Los Angeles S. Calif.

             AMAZJMO MAOIC T*ICK

Vanishing Card

--Show It—than pitch It up Into the »liw

  Itt now completely disappeared, yet when you reaoh litf®
  a spectator's pocket you produce tha same eard— It’a com*
  Dlete, ready to perform, easy to do, price only

2463 F-Kensington Avenue, Phila. 29, Pa.

25c

LONESOME?

JOIN RELIABLE CLUB, established 1909

  Members everywhere— beautiful girls, nurses, teach-
  ers. widows, businessmen, farmers seeking congenial
  mates. Many.claim wealth. Dignified, dependable and
  sore, we get results. WRITE FOR INFORMATION
  AND DESCRIPTIONS FREE. SEALED.

THE EXCHANGE, 3827-72 Main, Kansas City, Mo.

QUIT TOBACCO/

 Remove all tobacco craving safe in every form and
 join the thousands who have obtained satisfactory
 freedom from tobacco with TOBACCO BANISHER.
 Send for FREE BOOKLET describing the ill effects
 of tobacco and our safe reliable home treatment, a
 proven success for 38 years..

GUSTAF H. GUSTAFSON CO.

 2325 E. Vickery Blvd. Dept. FH	Ft. Worth 3. Texas

Lei us help you find real happiness. Join our o|d reliable
club. 42 years of dependable, confidential service. Corre-
spondents most everywhere. Many with means, seeking con-
genial mates. Proven results. Photos, descriptions free.

STANDARD CLUB, BOX 207, GRAYS LAKE. ILL.

LONESOME?

A LONELY HEARTS CLUB THAT'S DIFFERENT!

Introductions by letter. Confidential, Dignified, Hon-
est service. Write for FREE sealed particulars.

LESTER GOLLIDAY

 G-1514 East Long St.	Columbus 3, Ohio

LONESOME?

  Find your Llfemate through my Club. Old and Reli-
  able. Established 1924: Personal. Painstaking *ervice
  for refined men and women. Have most ell ago*. Na-
  tionwide membership. Many state they are wealthy,
  alto Christians. Let me help you to happiness: Continuous. Dig-
  nified. Dependable Individual service. Confidential Introductions by
  letter. Why not join now? Write for Free Particulars, Photos,
  Descriptions 8ealed.

        LOIS L. REEDER
 Box 849	Palestine, Texas

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
102	FIGHT STORIES

fight started wasn’t nothin’.” he waves
a bandaged hand for emphasis. “Sure, it
hurt. That Zale can hit. But this last
one . . Rocky tapped his hand over his
solar plexus, “. . . it took my wind.” He
hops from the rubbing table and grabs a
towel,” Do I wanna fight him again?
Damn right I do!”

  The champion, Zale, was unable to speak
with the reporters. The excitement in his
dressing room reached everyone but Tony.
The titleholder lay stretched on a rubbing
table. His swollen right hand soaking in
a bucket of ice water. His eyes closed,
his face nicked with cuts. The doctor
kneeled over him and carefully cleaned
his mouth wounds. The mob had almost
torn him apart as the police fought their
way back to his dressing room. In the
space of an hour Tony Zale had risen
from an unpublicized champion to the
status of hero, his name spoken of as often
as Graziano’s now. No longer would they
ask who the middleweight champion was.
True, Tony had taken a worse beating
than Graziano, but he had delivered the
payoff punch and won. Tony could re-
turn to Gary now with a heart full of
pride while his wounds healed. There
was a long winter of rest ahead of the
champion before he faced Rocky Graziano
again in the spring. The Zaleski family,
Adeline his wife, and his two cute daugh-
ters, Mary and Terry, would always be
at his side. The champion would forget
about his brutal struggle with Graziano,
the stitches in his mouth, the ache in hi9
swollen right hand, until the spring, when
he would have to remember Rocky Graz-
iano again.

V

Rocicy graziano, the bad boy of

boxing, bounced back into the head-
lines again shortly before his re-match with
Tony Zale. Big black ugly headlines that
half told the story of a bribe. The Rock
had withdrawn from a scheduled Garden
clash with Cowboy Reuben Shank. The
commission approved of his withdrawal
at the time and let it go at that. A month
later the headlines screamed from the
stands:

GRAND JURY PROBES GRAZIANO
BRIBE OFFER

  Confused, almost completely bewildered
by the courtroom proceedings, Graziano
sat between his manager and lawyer while
his case was reviewed. He was placed on
the witness stand and admitted a bribe
offer to lay down for Shank had been
proposed in the dressing room of a gym
some time back. Graziano said he didn’t
know who the man was and certainly
didn’t take the bribe for the fight that
never came off. Previously Rocky had
blurted quite honestly that he might have
accepted a bribe in his earlier fighting
days had one been offered him. He said
he was broke when he started out and
probably would have engaged in a fixed
fight had he been approached with enough
money.

  The dark light of suspicion was cast on
Rocky. His brutally frank testimony didn’t
help him any. In a cleanup drive by the
boxing commission Graziano was selected
as a number one example. His dishonor-
able discharge record from the Army was
given wide play.

  Although Rocky Graziano had never en-
gaged in a phony fight in his career never
taken a bribe, and didn’t know who the
thugs were who had propositioned him,
he was banned for life by the New York
Commission and its affiliates. The charges
leveled against him were failure to report
a bribe at the time it happened and his
poor Army record which was considered
a bad example for youthful followers of
boxing.

  The proposed March 21st, clash with
Zale was driven out of the Garden and
New York State. The Twentieth Century
Sporting Club sought frantically for a new
site. Many states joined New York’s out-
lawing of Graziano and for awhile it
looked as though the re-match of the
decade might never come off. Chicago
finally approved of the match and the
Windy City was an ideal spot. The champ-
ion had a huge following in Chicago with
Gary being right next door.

  Zale entered the ring as a favorite for
the only time in his series with Graziano.
It was a scorching summer night and the
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

103

fight was held indoors at the Chicago
Stadium. The coffers of the promoters
were swelled by an enormous gate of
nearly half a million dollars. Fans trav-
elled from both coasts to witness the
great middleweight title battle. Graziano’s
bad publicity had only served to increase
the public’s curiosity over the second bid
of the lawless caveman from the sidewalks
of New York.

  The champion stepped into the familiar
Chicago ring. He was instantly aware of
the terrific heat from the new, suped up
lighting system. The ring was like an
oven, over one hundred degrees beneath
those blazing lights. Tony Zale sat quietly
and confidently in his corner. Pian spoke
briefly of their ring strategy. Rush him,
body, head, don’t give Graziano a chance
to open up and watch that right. Zale
nodded. He winked at a friend along the
ringside, mopped the perspiration from his
brow, and stepped gingerly across the ring
at the bell.

  Tony’s cold pale eyes concentrated on
the dark, savage leer that twisted Graz-
iano’s face. The challenger was dying to
get at him. But he had gathered some
respect for Zale’s hitting power since their
first clash. Tony hammered at his enemy’s
weaving body. Sharp, short, jolting
smashes that made Graziano gasp. The
champion rolled expertly beneath the crude
slugger’s attempts to bash his blond head
in with a single crack of his right.

  Zale had the situation under control.
The Rock constantly missed fire and was
beaten off each time he tore at Tony.
Zale was certainly a master boxer tonight.
He switched to the head with ease and cut
Rocky over the left eye with needling
rights. Tony drilled rights at the eye
until the blood flowed freely. Graziano
bounced energetically and awkwardly
around the ring and wiped the gore from
his eye.

  As they slammed at each other during
the third stanza Tony felt the unmistakable
power of Graziano’s blows. He must dam-
age Rocky, cut down on that terrific power.
Zale hunched in with his left working
like a tiger’s paw, silent and fast. Graziano
caught a shattering hook and his right

LONELY? WHY BE LONELY?

      America’s friendly club will ar-
      range a romantic correspondence
      for you. Sealed Particulars FREE.

DIAMOND CIRCLE

BOX 1203, DEPT. 14 ST. LOUIS. MISSOURI

Illustrated Comic Booklets

 Sell our ILLUSTRATED COMIC BOOKLETS and other
 NOVELTIES. Each booklet size 4^Sx2J4- We will send
 25 assorted booklets prepaid upon receipt of $1.00 or 75
 assorted booklets sent prepaid upon receipt of $2.00.
 Wholesale novelty price list sent with order only. No
 orders sent C. O. D. Send Cash or Money-order.

REPSAC SALES CO.

65 Fifth Avenue Dept. K73 Naw York 3, N. Y.

MEN!

COMIC PRINTED

Ml I POCKET FUN

MMU NOVELTIES

 40 Comic Pocket Cards
 12 Illustrated Booklets
 6 Comic Love Letters
 6 Launchable Diplomas
 4 Printed Pocket Laughs
 Everything $1.00
 Postpaid Sealr»l.

FUN SHOP, 2463 F-Kensington Avo., Phil*. 23, Pa.

BOOKLETS

 The kind grown ups like. Each one of theie booklet* Is
 POCKET SIZE, also contains 8 ILLUSTRATIONS. and la
 full of fun and entertainment. 12 of these Joke booklet!, ALL
 DIFFERENT, shipped prepaid upon receipt of $1.00, or 24
 BOOKLETS ALL DIFFERENT shipped prepaid for $2, rash
 or money order. No order* sent C. O. D. Print namo and
 address and mall to:

TREASURE NOVELTY CO.,Dei»t.72K

28 Cooper Station, New York 3, N. Y.

for mom?

THt 6/PLS iOUC IT TOO !!

4 BOOKS

EACH DIFFERENTf

““■*"$00.,
1 BUCI('

momy back ouAKnnrn

MONIY BACK OUAkANtH

LARCH BOOK CO.

118 East 28 St., New York 16. Dtpt. 158-A

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
104	FIGHT STORIES

eye became discolored and swelled instant-
ly. Once more he plugged at Zale, the
savage leer still on his face.

  The crowd was hypnotized by the grim,
gory struggle. The sweating backs of
the fighters glistened beneath the blazing
lights. Desperate, rib aching punches echoed
around the ringside. No matter who had
the edge, the mob knew either one could
hit the deck at any moment. Zale flung a
lot of weight behind a wicked, curling
right. Graziano buckled and struck the
canvas. The fans were delirious with ex-
citement, the thunder had burst.

  Rocky swept up from the floor at the
count of one. A strange, nasty gleam
clouded his wild dark eyes. He grinned
at Tony Zale with contempt. Is that all
you can do chump ? The words were
written on his face.

  It was Tony Zale all the way now.
Hooking lefts to the head and body, bear-
ing his curling right hand down on Graz-
iano’s battered eyes. The champion’s torso
was drenched with sweat beneath the burn-
ing blaze of lights. The heat was well
over one hundred degrees in the smoke
choked arena. Graziano, nine years
younger than the thirty-three year old
steel city slugger seemed little affected by
it.

  As the bell ended the fifth Zale walked
slowly and confidently towards his corner.
He lay back against the ropes and breathed
heavily. He had been forcing the fight
and the pace was beginning to tell. But
never for a moment did he doubt his ability
to keep pushing the match. His cold pale
eyes were calm with assurance. The steel
workers shouted at him to keep up the good
work from various parts of the hot arena.
Zale grinned inwardly. The bets of the
Mikes, Joes, Tonys, Steves and Als, from
the open hearth furnaces were safe. Gary,
Indiana could pull in the sidewalks to-
night and celebrate.

  Graziano sneered at Tony as they came
out for the sixth. A smoldering, savage
gleam in his bruised eyes. Sam Pian
nodded with approval as Tony pumped a
steady stream of lefts at his opponent’s
body. Once again Zale felt Graziano’s raw
strength in close and realized the chal-
lenger was far from beaten. The champion

trained his fire on the battered eyes of
his enemy. The tough, chunky muscled
challenger rammed back with vicious lefts.

  Zale felt a right crash against his face
with sudden fury. Graziano’s thumping
punches splattered him against the ropes.
Graziano was all over him, ripping leather
through the air like a madman. Zale’s head
bounced back like a rubber ball from the
fierce jolt of Graziano’s rights.

  The champion’s legs began to give.
Wherever he turned Garziano was there,
pouring a roaring Niagara of leather in
his face. Tony began to lose consciousness.
His arms dangled loosely, he wobbled
along the ropes, refusing to go down.

  He barely heard the roar of the crowd
as Graziano drove him against the ropes.
The blazing lights whirled before his eyes.
The canvas rocked beneath his feet. The
mid-rope dug into his waist as he bent
double over it. Graziano slashed at him
until the referee removed the fury of the
former Dead End Kid.

  Pian and Winch led Tony back to his
corner. The beaten champion shook his
head and mumbled something about con-
tinuing the fight. Rocky Graziano, the
conqueror, was paraded around the ring
with his right hand help up. The crowd
roared their approval and the beaten Tony
Zale was cheered as he passed along the
aisle. It was hard for Tony to accept de-
feat. Almost impossible for him to be-
lieve that Graziano had licked him. He
complained of the sweltering heat, of the
referee’s hastiness in stopping the match.
The scribes shrugged their shoulders at
Tony’s alibi. Graziano had broken him
with his thunder. The champion was
thirty-three, he was old, decrepit, tough
yes, game to the core, but unable to stand
against the youthful fury of Graziano. It
would be a great match, another thrilling
contest if he was thrown in with Graziano
again, but inevitable that Tony Zale had
passed his peak and Graziano was his
master.

THE defeated champion returned to
Gary. The steel workers, his family
and his pals, ever loyal, welcomed him
warmly. He was still their Tony, the kid
from the mills who had made good. Maybe
TONY ZALE—HIS

 the rest of the country didn’t believe Zale
 could lick Graziano in a pay-off match but
 Gary was behind him, perhaps more out
 of loyalty than knowledge.

   Tony didn’t have to fight Graziano
 again. At last he had made enough money
 to retire on, the steels mills were safely
 behind him. He could buy a house in
 Gary for his wife and children and live
 peacefully without ever having to go
 through the grind of gruelling ring war-
 fare again. He was thirty-four now, old
 for a fighter. Including his amateur days
 Tony had been pushing leather for nearly
 eighteen years.

   He had beaten several champions, stood
 up to Billy Conn and knocked out Rocky
 Graziano. For six years he had been the
 undisputed middleweight champion of the
 world. Add this to years of active service
 in the Navy and you have a fighter who
 can retire on his laurels. Nobody would
 have called Tony Zale a quitter if he hadn’t
 faced Graziano for a third time. That is
 nobody except Tony Zale himself.

   The steel city slugger not only thought
 he could trim Graziano, he was positive of
 it. Sam Pian and Art Winch were al-
 ways there to back his confidence. Some
 quarters criticized Pian and Winch for
 signing for a third bout. Anybody could
 see that Tony was an aging fighter. His
 nose was spread in the center, the flesh
 above his eyes permanently hammered into
 twin swellings. His ears were thickening,
 the boyish look had long since vanished
 from his face. Tony Zale had the marked
 features of a veteran who had been to the
 wars often and long.

   When Pian and Winch signed for the
 rubber match with Graziano they remem-
 bered what a lot of people had forgotten.

 A younger, cruder hitting Tony Zale, quite
 ferocious beneath the deceptive calm of
 those cold, pale eyes. A Tony Zale who
 never quit, who was dead game, a fighter
 to the core of his knuckles. A man who
 was always better after he had been licked.

   Maybe Zale’s face had changed, maybe
 he was a little older but his fierce courage
 burned as brightly as ever. His skill and
 power was greater than it was even though
 his stamina might lag in a long contest.

RING STORY

105

            Meet your future hushand, wife or
       companion through our pertontlized,
       selectiTe introduction serrice. Nationwide
       membership, ail agca. Write today (enclo** 10c coin) and
       reccivo by return, sealed mall. 40 actual picturoi and cotn-
       plcto details. Pleaso mention ago and sex.

             HOLLYWOOD *’400" CLUB
 P, O. Box 2349-KX	Hollywood 28, California

SONG-WRITERS ATTENTION

 The amazing demand for phonograph records, ac-
 celerated by countless Juke-Boxes, warrants your
 Immediate investigation. We are offering New
 Writers the rare opportunity of having a cele-
 brated "Hit” composer furnish music on reduced
 percentage basis for any likely poems received this
 month. The "Petrillo Ban” does not affect us.

 RECOLA RECORDING CO., Box 987FH, Hollywood 28, Calif.

LONESOME?

                        Let me arrange a romantlo correspondence fot
 , you. Find yourself a sweetheart thru America's
 foremost select social correspondence club. A friend-
 'M_H?L_^aiFahIp letter society for lonely ladies and gentlemen.
 Members everywhere; CONFIDENTIAL introductions bys letter;
 efficient, dignified and continuous service. I have made thousands of
 lonely people happy—why not you? Write for FREE sealed particulars.
 EVAN MOORE P. 0. BOX 986 JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

RAISE HAMSTERS

                   The new wonder animals from Syria.
                Often called Toy Bears. Delightful pets.
                Everyone wants them. Laboratories need
                thousands. Clean, odorless. Raise any-
                where. A profitable and interesting hobby
                or business. We furnish breeders and in*
                structions. Write today for free book.

GULF HAMSTERY, 151 6BASIL ST., MOBILE. ALA.

wantto STOP TOBACCO?

 Banish the craving for tobacco as
 thousands have with Tobacco
 Redeemer. Write for free booklet
 telling of injurious effort of tobacco
 and or a treatment which has reliev-
 ed many men.	r~ *

 35 Years In Business
 300,000 Satisfied Cistmers
 THE NEWELL COMPANY

%
*>

 FREE

 BOOK

 293 Clayton Sta., St Louis 5, Mo.

                  [Doctor's Aniazinf Discovery for Hair
                  and Scalp! Why spend hundreds of dol

                    lars and time visiting fancy offices for
                    treatment?.His discovery nay It used

_in the privacy of your h#«e—in a few wit-

 «t«*—only once each week—made from a specialist s pre-
 scription. it has been highly successful in stopping further
 loss of hair due to the most common cause—seborrheic der-
 matitis and associated dandruff! We do not claim infallibility.
 • Guaranteed retund if you are not delighted with a healthier
 head of hair! Mail your name and address only! When this
 remarkable formula preparation with easy to follow
 instructions is delivered to you pay postman only
 J10 plus postage! This product is medically tested
 and proven! It is guaranteed to delight and surprise

  SCNO I
  • NO
  MOWtY

 you! Baldness won't wait! Order mw! Mail Orders to Dept. 21
 NATIONAL SCALP RESEARCH. Box 186. Jersey City 3. N. j

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering- advertisements
106	FIGHT

But there never could be a lengthy contest
with Graziano. His managers recalled
those early days with Tony, and remem-
bering them made them sure they were
right in sending Zale in against the dreaded
power of Graziano once more.

  Sam Pian recalled those early Chicago
days. Benny Ray turning Tony over to
him.

  Young Zale, quietly tough, eager to
learn, right hand crazy in those days.
Burning with an ambition to make good
as few fighters Pian and Winch had ever
seen. “He’s a great kid,” Benny had said,
“Even if he gets licked you can be sure
he’ll lick the pants off his opponent in a
return go.”

  Pian remembered that trip to Youngs-
town, Ohio with Tony. The Zale kid had
picked up a lot since they had taken him
over.

  He had learned to put punches to-
gether in combinations and dropped his
right hand crazy stance. Youngstown and
A1 Wardlow were to be the acid test for
Tony. Wardlow was a good boxer, a
puncher and a southpaw to boot. Pian said
nothing to Tony, “Just go in there and see
what you can do.” The kid from Gary did
plenty. He knocked out Wardlow in three
rounds. Pian and Winch were sold for
life.

  The series with Hostak clinched every-
thing. Tony coming off the canvas to
breeze through by a close decision the first
time. Flattening Hostak in 13 rounds the
second time out. Kayoing him in 2 rounds
during their third clash. Tony Zale always
improved in a series and Graziano was
no exception, Pian and Winch were sure
of that. Besides, Tony carried a memory
of Graziano’s savage, boastful leer around
with him. He hadn’t forgotten the con-
tempt in the wild dark eyes either. And
then there was all of Gary, one hundred
thirty thousand strong, praying that their
boy from the steel mills would regain his
title.

  They showed up in Ruppert Stadium,
Jersey City, on the cool June night mark-
ing the third and final clash of the middle-
weight feudists. They came in droves, in
trains, buses, cars, by planes, the citizens
and steelworkers of Gary.

STORIES

VI

TEN P. M. The ring is cleared. The
announcer bellows the names of the
contestants. The Tournament of Champ-
ions is staging the show instead of Mike
Jacobs. If Pian and Winch ever wanted
to get back at Uncle Mike for snubbing
Tony in the past this was the night to
do it.

  Rocky Graziano bounces through the
ropes. A cocky sneer on his face. He
glares at Zale. Rocky is the champion now
and he lets Tony know it. Pian, Winch,
Ray Arcel and Tony Zale huddle beneath
the lights as the referee speaks. Graziano
slices the air with anxious gloves. Tony
Zale tenses in his corner. This is the
crowning fight of his career and he knows
it. He drinks deeply of the cool night
air. No blazing heat to sap his strength
tonight.

  He bites hard on his mouthpiece and
grinds his toes into the resin. Cold, mur-
derous blue fire sparkles in Zale’s eyes.
The casually calm, phlegmatic Tony is
on edge tonight. He hammers his gloves
together and waits anxiously for the bell.

  The warning buzzer. Zale is on his
feet. Graziano, cocksure, supremely con-
fident, turns his back on the Gary Slugger
and waves his glove at a friend. The
gong. Zale and Graziano crash head on.
Tony jars his enemy with a cracking left,
slips beneath Graziano’s flailing arms and
drives him against the ropes with a relent-
less two-fisted attack. Rocky sneers and
slugs back. Zale’s punches are sharply
accurate. Graziano’s somewhat wild.

  Zale tries for a quick kill. Right, left to
the jaw, stunning blows. Graziano is
dumped on the canvas. He stares wild
eyed at the howling mob. One minute of
the fight gone and he’s taking the count.
The sneer comes slowly back again. Tony
Zale works his gloves against his trunks
and waits for Rocky to come off the deck.

  Graziano is up at three. Tony Zale is
the unrestrained, mad puncher tonight. He
hammers at Rocky with a rolling, shifting,
overwhelming attack.

  Rocky Graziano, the king-puncher of
the middleweights can’t stand up to Zale.
The steel city slugger drives mercilessly
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

10 7

for a one round kayo. Rocky reels and
staggers beneath the leather storm. Lefts
jar him to his ankles, rights punch his
head back. Baffled, hurt, shocked out of
his confidence, Graziano strikes back
blindly agai-nst the cyclone socking Zale.

  The mob roar drowns out the bell. Nei-
ther fighters nor referee are aware that
the round had ended. Zale anchors a loop-
ing right beneath his opponent’s heart,
beats him back on his heels with a rushing
attack before the referee prys them apart
and shouts, “The round is over!”

  Rocky comes out smoldering for re-
venge in the next round. A dark flame
burns in his eyes, his teeth are bared as
he rushed Zale. Tony beats off one at-
tack, counter-punches another, but the
fury of Graziano's revenge cannot be de-
nied. The steel city slugger’s legs wobble
beneath the shattering, unending wave of
gloves. Grimly, defiantly, Tony sticks with
him. Pimch for punch, shoulder to shoul-
der, Zale stands up to the champion and
bends but does not break.

  The men in Zale’s corner glance at each
other with assurance. If Tony can take
this he can take anything. The sneers, the
snarls, the murderous assault of Graziano
will be swallowed by the challenger and
hurled back at Rocky in the end. Tony
Zale is out to win or die. Rocky Graziano
must be beaten along with the steel mills,
the early set-backs, the hard, tough road
to the top that Tony managed to master.
Graziano is as much a part of his past as
the present fighter. Rocky represents all
the obstacles that Tony had to overcome
and Tony Zale must win or die.

  Back in his corner Tony snaps through
parched lips, “I’ll get him in this round,
the third. I’ve got to get him.” Arcel tells
him to take it easy, be careful. Rocky is
always dangerous, even when he’s on the
canvas, because he gets up twice as mad
and hits three times as hard.

  The third round, the session in which
Tony made one of his rare boasts to
sportswriters while training. “The Rock
will never get past the third.” The mob
seems to remember it as they edge for-
ward. Its one round apiece and one fight
apiece. Betting is as feverish as it was i-n

DON'T BE LONELY

   Cupid's Message to you. Obtain friends, Romance,
   Marriage, through discreet and confidential corre-
   spondence. Many fine men and women have found
   happiness through my club.

  ALICE MAE CORRESPONDENCE CLUB

  P.O. Box 3006	Los Angeles S3, Calif.

A THRILLING ROMANCE

Can now be yours easily and quickly. Send $1 for
full membership in the famous Movieland intro-
duction club with NATIONWIDE MEMBERSHIP.
Receive by return mail over 12 pages of names,
addresses, descriptions & photos of our lonely, lov-
able club members. Quick action assured. Please
mention age.

MOVIELAND CLUB

P.O. Box 1345 Dept. E Hollywood 28, Calif.

  K’.’bOIVORCE

          •	You should know the legal requirement! sod the grounds I
          on which the Cornu will consida a separation In jroor State.!
          •What U “mental duties?" »What is “cnid treatment?" I

          •	What is “Indignities?" •Venn the answers to these qaej-1
          don* and many other* »A dlgttf of divorce law*.of every I
          State In booklet fonn. •Sent to von too paid (or SI-00.1

                                M ERICA'S

                                                       .largest and fin-
                                                       est personalised
                                                       introduction
                                                       club Invites you
                                                       to meet thotr
                                                       thousands of el-
                                                       igible member*

 throughout the TJ.3.A. and Canada. Write today (enclose 10c coin)
 for 40 actual pictures and sealed, ootUidential details. Mont ion age
 and sax.

 HOLLYWOOD "400" CLUB

P. O. Box 2349-CC

 Hollywood 28, California

"Sinca 1888"

    lick relief with Deni's. Use Dent's Tooih Gum
 or Dent's Tooth Drops lor cavity toothaches.
 Use Dent’s Dental Poultice lor pain or sore-
 ness in gums or teeth. At all drug stores.

§	TOOTH GUM

w	TOOTH DROPS

*0 DENTAL POULTICE

DENT’S

DRUNK?

DOCTOR'S MARVELOUS NEW DISCOVERY
RELIEVES DRUNKENNESS IN 5 DAYS

Does Drunkenness Threaten Your Happiness or Your Loved
Ones’ Our Remarkable New Oiscovery Quickly and Easily
Helps Bring Relief frcm Ml Oesite for liquor! With This
Craving for liquor Gone, Ho Will Power Is Necessary To
Stop Orinking! This Is Strictly A Home Method! Easy lo
Take! Nothing like II Before* You Can Go lo Business And
^ Carry On Your Social tile AS Usual. While Using Our Moth-
\od! May be uved secretly lor whiskey, wine or beer.1
Improvement Is Noticed In A Remarkably Short Time! The
Price Is Amatmgly low! Only JI0.00 for The Entire
Method, formula and Instructions! Ibis Is The Only Method That
Saamtm Satisfactta or Your Money Rehiedid! You Will Bless Tbe
Day You Saw Tbit As Thousands Have Already Dooe!

Pay Postmaa 0a Otflvwyl Mail Ui Veer Haae and Address Only!

SEND

NO

MONfr

 SCIENTIFIC AIDS CO., INC. OijiLI S. Bai 118. Jersey City 3. NJ.

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
108	FIGHT STORIES

their first clash. There’s no telling which
way the tide will turn and who will beat
whom.

  Zale comes out with the straightest left
seen since Gene Tunney’s day. It javelins
into Graziano’s face and shoves him off
balance. Once again, with the amazing
precision of a Tunney, Tony follows quick-
ly with a bitterly sharp left hook. The
kind of blow that stuns and cuts and makes
you feel that your opponent is wielding a
knife.

  Tony bucks his shoulders behind some
of the most vicious punches ever tossed
by a fighter. Each one is calculated to end
the fight, each one carried enough lead to
sink a ship. Rocky Graziano is no ordi-
nary mauler. He’s hurt, very badly hurt,
but the rugged veteran of a thousand
street brawls cannot be brought down so
easily.

  Zale switches to the body. The crowd
spills into the aisles. The partisans of
both fighters shout frantic advice at them.
Graziano is dazed, he goes through the
motions of fighting. Instinctively he seeks
the ropes for protection. He can hang on
the ropes, he can recover on the ropes he
can come back from the ropes.

  Only Tony Zale won’t let him. The
Gary slugger tosses everything into a
double barreled drive at the head and
body. Rocky is broken by the drive and
collapses on the canvas. One leg rises dis-
jointedly in the air. One arm is crushed
beneath his torso. His eyes half closed, his
mouth wide open, he takes the count.
Five-six-seven. Rocky is up on his feet
again!

TONY pounces at the stricken cham-
pion. Graziano whips over a left and
leaves himself open for retaliation. Zale
misses nothing tonight. He rockets half a
dozen beautifully timed punches at the
champion. The mob howls as Graziano’s
legs spread wide. His knees jerk and he
bounces on the canvas. His arms curl
around his head, the wild dark eyes are
dazed and silent.

  Zale moves to a neutral corner. His face
impassive, his eyes coldly regarding his
fallen enemy. The referee sweeps his hand
over the prostrate figure of Graziano with

a mournful cry of—ten and out! Tony
Zale has succeeded in doing what only the
great Stanley Ketchell has ever accom-
plished. The winning of the middleweight
championship from the same fighter he
lost it to.

  Zale is mobbed as he leaves the ring. A
broad grin creases his face. But there is
no gloating in the cold pale eyes as he
glances back at Graziano. The former
dead end kid is a real fighter to the core
and Tony has respect for a guy like him-
self who came up the hard way. The Rock
shakes his head bitterly as he passes along
the aisle and Tony knows just how he feels.

  The steelworkers pour all their winning
bets into a basket. One of them is elected
custodian of the pooled money and they
head for the night spots to celebrate in the
name of Tony Zale. A huge parade was
staged in the re-crowned champion’s hon-
or when he returned to Gary. Tony was
back again amongst his wife, kids and
family. He came home with the title and
he was happy. The Zaleski boys welcomed
him with iron handshakes and backslaps.
The steel city slugger had earned ring im-
mortality and brought fame to Gary.

  Nobody noticed a small item in the pa-
per that day. A sports note from a Euro-
pean ring. A Frenchman by the name of
Cerdan had fought a Belgium by the name
of Delannoit. Cerdan, the champion of
Europe had lost an unfair decision and
was going to fight Delannoit again.

  Cerdan licked him subsequently and not
many people noticed that either. Marcel
was well known in American rings, he had
fought in the Garden, out of town, he was
popular. A stocky, powerfully built mid-
dleweight with gold capped teeth, and an
odd, perpetual style of fighting coupled
with an expert left hook. But how good
could this Cerdan be if this Delannoit had
given him trouble?

  Georges Carpenter, the old time French
light-heavyweight champ, arrived with
Cerdan and said Zale had better watch out.
Chunky Marcel was an exceptionally good
fighter, the best France had to offer in
years. The Tournament of Champions
wanted to know if Winch and Pian would
let their world champion defend his title
against Cerdan. Winch and Pian knew
SEND NO MONEY

Simply sign and mail the coupon. Remember, each of the 5 Volume*
1*	hlch- and opened, over a foot wide! Remember al*o

that this 5-Voluino Set formerly sold for $10. And it is bound in
expensive life-time" doth. Don't put this off. Fill out the coupon
an(* recoivo this huge work at once.

*	Metro Publications, 363 Broadway. Dept. 1810, N. Y. 13, N. Y.
! Send me "The Secret Museum of Mankind” (6 great volumes
, bound together). I will pay postman $1.98, phis postage on
B arrival. If not dollghted. 1 will return books In 6 days for full

■	refund of $1.98.

J Name.......................................................

■	Address.....................................................

■	City................................zone......State..........

*	._. CHECK HERE if you are enclosing $1.08. thus saving

    1 mailing costs. Same Money-Back Guarantee.

! I—I Canadian and Foreign Order*—$2.50 in Advanee.

TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

of Marcel’s ability and they knew Tony
Zale’s likewise. Still, it was a risky fight,
Cerdan was faster, hard to figure, he could
make trouble. Tony had just completed a
gruelling series with Graziano.

  “Sure, I'll fight him.” Tony said, “I’m
the champ. I’ve got to defend iny title.”
He figured a champion like himself
couldn’t have too many fights left in him
at the age of thirty-four. The sooner he
took on this new challenger, the better.
Winch and Pian got Tony $120,000 for
the match. Just in case Tony lost he would
be well paid for the effort. Not that they
expected him to lose. Zale was a better
ringman than Cerdan, he liad proved him-
self against Graziano. While proving him-
self he had burnt a lot of energy, taken a
lot of punches, and he was thirty-four with
eighteen long years of glove slinging be-
hind him.

  In September, 1948, Tony was back in
Ruppert Stadium again. The same ring in
which he had humbled Graziano just a
few months before. Paul Cavalier, the
same referee. Cerdan even looked like
Graziano a bit. But the resemblance ended
there. The Frenchman was a far cleverer
boxer and certainly as rugged.

 It was a cold night and Sam Pian
wrapped a towel around Tony’s blond
head to keep him warm. The French boxer
and his managers had difficulty under-
standing the referee’s instructions. Cava-
lier crossed his hand impatiently along
Cerdan’s waist to indicate the foul line.
Neither fighter glanced at the other.

  Tony shadow boxed in his corner. He
was the champion, the favorite. He ap-
pered to be in magnificent shape although
his face showed clearly the battlemarks of
the ring. The hammered flesh above the
eyes, stitches webbed through his blond
brows, scars around his mouth, both ears
thickened. Tony certainly looked like the
aging, tough fighter that he was.

  Cerdan moved deftly at the bell, gloves
close to each other. His body was heavy-
set, brutally powerful, and yet he moved
with the speed of a thin, fast, terribly fast
boxer. In a sense there was something un-
natural about all that bulk moving with the
lithe and grace of a sleek animal. Zale

   World's Greatest Collection of
   Strange and Secret Photographs

NOW you can travel round tho world with tho most daring adven-
turers. You can see with your own eyes the weirdest peoples on
earth. You witness the strangest customs of the red. white,
brown, black and yellow races. You attend their startling rites, their
mysterious practices. Thoy are all assembled for you in these live
great volumes of THE SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND.

600 LARGE PAGES

Here is the world's Greatest Collection of Strange and Secret Pho-
tographs. Here are Exotic l’hotos from Europe. Primitive Photos
from Africa. Torture Photos from Asia, Strange Photos from Oceania
and Amorica. and hundred* of others. There are almost 600 LARGE
PAGES of Stranoe and Sccret Photographs, each page 57 square
In size.	, 0Q0 pHOTOS

You see actual courtship practiced in every quarter of the world. You
see megio and mystory in queer lands where the foot of a whlto man
has rarely trod. You ice Oriental
modes of marriage and slavery In
China, Japan. India, etc. Through
tho Intimacy of the camera* you wit-
ness the exotio habits of overy con-
tinent and the strangest customs. In
America, Europe, etc. You are bewil-
dered by these large pages of ONE
THOUSAND PHOTOGRAPHS, in-
cluding 130 full-page photos and
thrilled by the hundreds of short
stories that describe them.

Contents of 5-Volume Set
VOLUME I
The Secret Album of Afrlsa
VOLUME 2
rha Secret Album of Europe
VOLUME 3
The Seoret Album of Asia
VOLUME 4
rhe Secrot Album of America
VOLUME 5
The Secret Album of Oceania

5 PICTURE PACKED VOLUMES

The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND consists of live plcture-
packed volumos (solidly hound together for convenient reading). Dip
Into any one of these volumes, and os
you turn its pages, you find it diffi-
cult to tear yourself away. Hero, in
story and unusual photo, is the
WORLDS GREATEST COLLEC-
TION OF STRANGE AND SECRET
PHOTOGRAPHS, containing every-
thing from Fomale Boauty Round the
World to Ihe most Mysterious Cults
and Customs. Theso hundrods and
hundreds of large pagos will give you
days and nights of thrilling instruction.

               NO MONEY

 Specimen Photos;

  Dress and Undress Round
  the World
  Various Secret Societies
  Strange Crimes, Criminals
  Omens. Totems & Taboos
  Mysterious Customs
  1,000 Strange and
  Secret Photos

  — 1
  YS
  ■
  ■

    i
    s

... ,
... ■
I

... ,
I saving ■
■
■

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
110

FIGHT

STORIES

paid no attention to Cerdan’s shifting
speed. He was fighting the Frenchman,
not a spectator watching him. Cerdan let
Tony do all the leading, most of the fight-
ing in the early rounds.

  Every so often the Frenchman would
break into a flurry of fast, hitting, vicious
counter punching, curling his right, strik-
ing his left with deft, deadly fury. Tony
blinked his eyes and covered up. As the
fight progresed he continued covering up
more and more. He still sought the
Frenchman with a jab, a hook, sometimes
he would risk a swinging right. But Mar-
cel Cerdan was incredibly fast and clever.
He let Tony push the fight. He laid back
and countered without wasting a motion.
His sense of pace was constant. Cerdan’s
corner had plotted a brilliant strategy. Zale
would be made to -force things. It had
been several years since the champion had
gone more than six rounds. Zale would
punch himself out while Marcel waited.

  The strategy of the Frenchman was
precisely the opposite of Graziano’s. He
blocked patiently, led Tony into false leads,
countered with sparkling skill and landed
several lefts to the head.

TONY began breathing heavily. The
fast, shifting pace was beginning to
tell after a few rounds. The blond, bat-
tered champion wore a worried frown.
Marcel Cerdan was damned elusive. His
gloves were glued beneath his chin, he
never led, never indicated any move he
might make. If it hadn’t been for Tony
Zale there might not have been any fight
to speak of. It was Tony who forced the
openings, pushed the action, sought at
first with confidence, now with desperation,
a clean shot at Cerdan’s jaw.

  The sixth, seventh, eighth. The fight
wore on, the champion stalked and was
clouted with short, heavy, breath-taking
punches. Zale gasped and hitched up his
trunks. He lunged several times and
missed. Always Cerdan caught him with
shattering left hooks when he missed. The
Frenchman punched with frightening
speed. Not that Tony was afraid, but
there was just no way to get at this man
and fatigue was stabbing at his legs.

  As the bout pushed into the ninth and

tenth rounds Tony was too tired to try
a savage rally as he had done against
Graziano. Besides, Cerdan was remark-
ably crafty. He blocked skillfully with his
arms and shoulders while his poised gloves
were ready to strike at a split seconds
notice. Tony was very tired as the bell
sounded for the eleventh. The left hooks,
the hooks he never really learned to stop,
were piling up against his face and made
his eyes tear and his ears ring. Cerdan
was a hard puncher, not a one punch hitter
like Graziano, but a man who kept adding
one blow to another until his opponent was
subtracted.

  Tony’s head ached. He had been stag-
gered several times. The breath was
knocked out of him from rattling, snaking
blows to the pit of his stomach. His legs
dragged over the canvas and his arms were
leaden. Then Cerdan opened up with
everything he had. The cagey Frenchman
dropped depth bombs on Tony’s jaw in
the form of snapping left hooks and club-
bing rights that stunned the senses. Tony
wavered near the ropes, then all the lights
went out in his brain and he was pitched
into darkness.

  Smelling salts, ice packs, and the champ-
ion came around again only to learn that
he was an ex-champion. Tony had col-
lapsed at the bell from sheer exhaustion
and the compilation of Marcel Cerdan’s
steady pounding. The crowd gave the steel
city slugger a rousing hand for his game
stand. Tony took the loss of his champion-
ship philosophically. He was thirty-four,
battle scarred, with eighteen years of ring
warfare behind him. The Graziano fights
had seen him at his peak, the Cerdan loss
had seen him sliding down that peak. A
man couldn’t stay on top forever.

  Win or lose, his old pals mobbed him
when he returned to Gary. As Tony gazed
at the reddish glow of the night sky he
knew he had won his greatest fight. The
battle to stay out of the steel mills. The
fight to make a better life for himself and
those who would come after him. He lis-
tened to the mournful cry of the factory
whistles and he saw the steel laborers
going to work with their green lunch
pails. The end of one dreary shift, the
beginning of another. Nothing had
TONY ZALE—HIS RING STORY

111

changed in Gary since he was a kid and
first saw the reddish glow in the night
sky. Nothing had changed except Tony
Zale who had gone far beyond Gary to
win fame and fortune in the prize-ring.

  Tony, acting on the advice of his man-
ager, his friends, and many sports writers
throughout the country, decided to hang up
his gloves for good the early part of this
year. Good luck, Tony.

WHERE’S THE CLOCK?

    Jimmy O'Gatty, former New York
  welterweight, was compelled to knock out
  his foe five times in the same round before
  being declared the victor . . . and his
  opponent was a light-heavy weight at that.

     O’Gatty accomplished this amazing feat
   against Young Packy McFarland at Glens
   Falls, N. Y., on Sept. 16, 1920. O'Gatty’s
   hard punches floored McFarland on five
   different occasions and each time McFar-
   land remained on the canvas for from one
   to two minutes while Jack McAuliffe, the
   referee, paced the ring until McFarland
   got up. Eventually, after the fifth knock-
   down, O'Gatty was awarded the bout, but
   it was a ten minute round, the longest in
   boxing history.

SUCKER?

    Packey O’Gatty, classy bantamweight
   contender of the first world zvar, tells this
   story about Battling Levinsky.

     “It zvas early in 1919 zvhen Dumb Dan
   Morgan took Battling Levinsky, zvorld
   light-heavyweight champion, to Canton,
   Ohio, to fight a ten rounder. On the train
   I asked Levinsky who his opponent zvas.
   The Battler nonchalantly put his hand on
   my knee and grinned, ‘It's some mugg
   named Greb. I’ll take him in a round or
   two, Packey*

    *On the morning of the fight while
   Levinsky, Morgan and I were having
   breakfast, in walked a chap who resembled
   a Harvard freshman. He was accompanied
   by his zvife, a nifty looking number, and
   his manager, Reddy Mason. We were then
   introduced to the ‘sucker’, Harry Greb.

     “He zvas such a nice fellow I really felt
   sorry for him. After my own fight on the
   same card, I rushed from my dressing
   room to watch the poor kid get stiffened.
   Instead, Battling Levinsky took an un-
   merciful mauling. Say, before that fight
   zvas over I was weeping for the Battler.
   From that day on Harry Greb was in a
   class by himself."

REVEALED AT LAST!

 *ityitCeri&

For roars tho world has heard only whispers about Hitler's strange
attitudes toward women. Ills maniacal flts of hysteria and passion.
Now. for tho first lime, you can resd the entire uncensored story
of Hitler’s personal life, his most Intimate thoughts, as told by
HITLER'S PERSONAL PHYSICIAN! Every png# of this grip-
ping l>ook reveals thoughts and acts so shooklng that you will bo
held spellbound by Its weirdnew.

"... a fantastic nightmare of horror!!"

              —St. Louis Globe Democrat
You will gasp with disbelief as you read
of Hitler's pursuit of the 15-year-ohJ
Goll, of his wayward sister, the women
who were reserved for officers. You will
be fascinated by this true revelatloa of
tortured madness. Here is Hitler's moil
Intimate physical and mental life,
stripped bare for you to read and under-
stand. This Is a book only a doctor
could write, one who has liter-
ally lived with Hitler, stud-
ied every part of his
character, weaknesses
and vicee. Written In
non-medic8l, easy-to-
read language, this book
may shock you as no
other book ever has!

FREE

Read for 10 Days
Send No Money

Don’t miss this groat oppor-
tunity of reading this best-
seller. See for yourself why
over 200,000 copies of this book
have already been sold, why It
has ranked In the national best-
seller lists of the New York
TIMES for three successive weeks! Send No Money . . . Just your
name ami address. When your copy of "T WAS HITI.EU'S DOC-
TOR” arrives, pay tho postman only $1.98 plug postago. or enoloM
$2.no and wo pay the postago. If you aro not completely satisfied,
shockefl and amazed, return tho book witliln 10 days for prompt
82.00 refund. Order Today!

I

•	ANWIL PUBLISHING CO.. Dept. K-333

J	45 East 17th St., New York 3, N. Y.

!	□ Kush my copy of "I Was Hitler's Doctor.*' On arrival I

I	will pay postman only $1.98 plus postage. I may rotum book

J	within 10 days for full purchaso prico refund If not dollghted.

J	□ I onclose $2.00. Send postpaid.

{	Name.....................................................

I	Address...................................................

I

j	City & Zone........................Slate..........Age....

Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements
The Amazing ELECTRIC WATER HEATER that gives

 Think of it! THE HOT WATER YOU WANT
 —the moment you want if—from any sink
 cold-water faucet , , „ just by plugging the
 amazing new Little Marvel Water Heater into
 the nearest electrical outlet. No boiler or tank
 needed! No fussing with fires. Attached in a
 jiffy—takes seconds to attach or remove. You
 merely turn faucet to regulate temperature.

You’re never without hot water when you own a Little
Marvel Electric Water Heater. Get one now at the amaz-
ingly low_co»t of only $4.98. Mail coupon TODAY I

ADDITIONAL FEATURES

*	Operates on AC or DC current

*	>0, moving parti to war owe/
jbt. git out of order

•^fonstructed of handsomely f\n>
nhed aluminum

*	Weighs less than 1 pound (lit*

inches x 3*/* inches)

- Underwriter Approved 6-foot
extension'cord
Costs little to operote o day

   SOLD ON
  MONEY-BACK
  GUARANTEE!

  the IHU* Marvel Electric Water Heater Is •kill*'
  fvlly mad* and guaranteed against any and
  all defects In material and workmanship. With
  ordinory taro It will give years of satisfactory
  «ervice.

• For SHAVING early in the
morning and late at night

For BABY'S BOTTLES
For use in SICKROOM

i wm W! 1    
     w    '■ 
             
•	For quick LAUNDERING

♦	For FARMS, BUNGALOW}

 and COTTAGES that do not
 have regular hot watei
 supply or where not readily
 available.

     •	For use in FACTORY,

     SHOP AND STORE

     •	For GARAGE, BASEMENT,
     etc. -•>

     •	When HEATING PLANT
     BREAKDOWN stops hot
     water supply

 MARVEL SALES CORP., 18 E. 41st St., DepL 7-N, New York 13

MARVEL SALES CORP., 18 Eait 41st St., Dept. 7-N New York 17, N. Y. i

□ Rush LITTLE MARVEL HOT WATER HEATER C.O.D., I’ll pay post- f
   man $4.98-plus postage.

O Enclosed find *4.98 . Send POSTPAID,

NAME.........—.........................

.........

MAIL COUPON TODAY! , STREET.......................     .......................ZONE....... .....STATE...... ...................--- 
                   W CITY.............................                                                                            
                   f (»lt*SE MINT)                                                                                                
Please mention Fiction House Magazine Group when answering advertisements

112
 What a
 difference

 5 inches
 of new
 Muscle

  *‘My arms increased
  I1 -2 . chrst 2» 2",
  forearm 7." »»..c
  W. Va.

 For quick results
 I recommend
 ^ L CHARLES
 . W ATLAS

GAINED
29
POUMDS .

 “When I started
 weighed only
 141. Now 170.*’

No SIR! - ATLAS
Makes Muscles Grow

\ Fast / fir—

GEE what a build /
Didn't it take a long
time to get those muscles?

 SHOWE

Will You Let
Me PROVE
I Can Moke

YOU a New Man?

  LET ME START SHOWING RESULTS FOR YOU

  John Jacobs

 AFTER

••Have

 put 31 2"
 on chest
 (normal) and
 _ ' expanded.••
 —F. S.. N. Y.

CHARLES

 ATLAS

  Awarded Hie title
  of "The World's
  Most Perfectly
  developed Man"
  I n international
  contest in com-
  net i I ion with ALL
  men who would
  consent to appear
  aqainst him.

  Tliis Is not a
  studio pic' lire l.tit
  an net na I un-
  :<iii[|ie.l snapshot

 “Am sending snnpnnot
 showing wonderful prog-
 ress.”-W. G., N. J.

HERE'S WHAT ONLY 15 MINUTES A DAY CAN DO FOR YOU

I DON'T cave lmw ol«l or yontiK you
arc. nr how ashamed of your prcs-
ciit physical condition you may lie.
Ii you can simply raise ji.ur arm
anil Ilex it I can ailtl S**l,ll) Ml S-
CL,E to your biceps yes, nil each
arm in doni>lc-‘|ttiek time! Only 15
minutes a day riuht in youi own
home— is all I he time I ask of you!
And there's no cost if I fail.

  I ran broaden your shoulder*, strength-
en yolir buck. develop your whole muscu-
lar system IN SI OK and OfTSIDK' I ean
add Inches In your chest, she you a \ise-
llUe Krlp. make those legs of yours lithe
and powerful. I ean shoot new strength
Into your old backbone. exercise llioac
inner organs. help you eram ynitt body so
full nf pep, vigor ami red-blooded vitality
that you won't feel there's evui "stand-
ing rnoin" left for weakness and that
lazy feeling! Before i set through with
you I'll have your whole frame "meas-
ured" to a nice, new beautiful suit of
muscle!

  What's My Secret?

  “Dynamic Tension!” That's the tiekel!
The identical natural method that I my-
self developed to chance my body from
the srrawny skinny chested wen'linn I
was at 1". to my present super man
physique! Thousands of oilier fellows arc
becoming marvelous physical spvelm mis
my way. 1 give you no gadgets or con-

traptions to fool with. When vnii ban
learned in develop your Strength liirniiu'i
"Dynamic Tcnsicn" yet can iaurdi nl
artificial mils h m/k is V>ii <impl>
utilize the DOIt.M.WT iim."|c-|HHver In
your own (iod-givcli liojy uireli it in
crease and multiply douldc-uulck Into real
solid I.IVK MISCI.K.

  My met boil "Dynamic T-n'fon" will
turn the trick for 'mi ' i theory—
every exercise 1- tiracti-ai. And man. so
easy! Spend only 11 minute.
day in ymir own home. 1'roni the
vcr.v siarl you'll be using my
iiicthnd nf "Dynamic Tenr.ion"
almost unennseiotisly cverv min
lit<• of the day wal' lie. '-i-i'd
ing over. etc. to Ill'll.I)

Mt SCl.lO and VITALITY

 i CHARLES ATLAS. Dept. 172W,

 ! 115 E. 23 St., New York 10, N. Y.

FREE BOOK

Everlasting Health
and Strength

   In it I talk to you in
 straight from-the-•hnulder lan-
 guage. Packed with inspira-
 tional pictures of myself and
 pupils fellows who became
 NEW MEN in strength -iv
 way. I.et me show you wlial I
 helped THKM do. See wlnn T
 can do for YOI"! For a real
 thrill send fur this hook today.
 AT O.Vft:. CMAUl.KS ATI.AS
 Dept. 17-W. 11.1 Kast 23rd St..
 New Ynrk 10. N.Y.

I want the proof that your system of “D>-
I namic Tension” will help make a New Man of

*	me give me a healthy, husky body and bin
I muscular development. Send me your free hook.

•	"Everlasting Health and Strength."

I Xante
■
i
i
i

 (Please print or write plainly)

Address,

                          Zone No.

•	City........................(if anv)____State.
IN YOUR OWN HOME!

  Yes. now you can do :i pro/c.v,viona/ puinlinU job on
  everything in and around vour house with this ainti/ini-,.
  brand new, self-contained electric paint fprayvr. Just Mil
  tin- big. 25-ounce rapacity. interchangeable mason i.n
  with any kind o( ordinary oil-base liquid lacquer, glossy
  paint, enamel. varnish, shellac, residual type insecticides,
  light oils, moth sprays, disinfectants, etc. Then plug tin
  8-ft. insulated cord into any 1 10-volt A C household out
  let pull the trigger and Ret satin-smooth, professional
  results every time.'

SAVE MONEY, TIME ANO WORK

  VIBRO-SPRAYER paints tw'ice as fast as a brush, saves
  strain, fatigue, backache and sore muscles Paint goes on
  FASTER. SMOOTHER and far more EASILY than with
  a brush. Adjustable spray control allows wide or narrow
  spray, thick or fine, os the job requires. Spray radius is
  always under complete control. VIBRO-SPRAYER cannot
  clog or drip and is amazingly simple to clean What's
  more. VIBRO-SPRAYER is SAFE! Will never break in
  use as there is NO pressure in the jar.

COSTS LESS THAN A GOOD BRUSH

 Not only does VIBRO-SPRAYER paint faster, smoother
 more easily than a good brush, but it actually costs less'
 And because VIBRO-SPRAYER applies paint more evenlv
 and uniformly, you use LESS PAINT save the cost ol
 the sprayer in )ust a few months' In addition. VIBRO
 SPRAYER shoots a fine, even spray into deep crevices
 where ordinary paint brushes can't reach, makes short work
 of rough or pebbled surfaces that are so difficult to brush

MADE BY A FAMOUS COMPANY

 VIBRO-SPRAYER is manufactured by the world-famous
 Burgess Baiters Company, makers of popular auto and
 flashlight batteries. Every VIBRO-SPRAYER is guaran-
 teed by the manufacturer to be free ol mechanical defects
 In addition, we guarantee that VIBRO SPRAYER will
 give sou exactly the professional, last labor and money
 saving results you desire, or you may leturn your sprayei
 svithm lOdavsfoi full purchase price relund You get FULL
 PROTECTION under this DOUBLE GUARANTEE!

SEND NO MONEY

 Send only the coupon, now. When your VIBRO-SPRAYER
 arrives, pay the postman only S 12-95 plus small delivery
 charge or enclose full payment now and we pay all de
 livery charges. In either case you are fully protected by
 the manufacturer's guarantee of mechanical perfection,
 and our guarantee of complete satisfaction, or return vour
 VtBRO-SPRAYFP within 10 days for lull purchase price
 refund. Send the coupon AT ONCE!

FOSTER PRODUCTS, INC.

 179 Wooster St., New York 12, N.Y.

  t;tjss
  Paint
  la r
  Holds
  25 OuncM.
  It Biokfll
  Usr Any
  Standard
  Mason
  1.11.

 Comes Complete—All Ready
 to Use-No Extras to Buy!

 VIUKO-SPKAYEH is complete-
 ly .self-contained the ONLY *
 unit of Its kind on the market 9
 Nothing else to buy. no hose,
 compressor, motor, tank, etc
 Just pour liquid into paint Jar.

  >25 ounce capacityt plug In and press the trigger'
  Size 8V high. 6'/" deep -I" Wide Works on acti-
  vated piston and suction principle Hutlt like
  professional equipment does the work of a
  S100 00 unit producing 40 lbs. pressure!

 FREE TRIAL COUPON MAIL NOW!

  I FOSTER PRODUCTS, INC., Dept. SG B2
  179 Wooltor St., New York 12, N. Y.

  Please send a VIBRO-SPRAYER lor 10 days no-	.

   | risk examination. On arrival 1 will pay the |Kistman	^

   ■ only SI2.95 plus small delivery and handling charge.	g

  I I Check here il you enclose S 12.95 now. We	■

   I I_| pay all delivery and handling charges.

I	I

t Nam, ............................................................................I

I	I

 | Addreu ...................................... .....|

I	I

 | City .........*on« State	|

  | NOTE: Whether you order C.O.D-. or prepaid, you	|
  receive the full protection ol our GUARANTEE of
  | satisfaction or money back!

ONLY

12-

  weighs
  only
  2' „• lbs.

SAVE MONEY, TIME, WORK! GET PROFESSIONAL SPRAYING RESULTS!

  % Paint Floors, Ceilings, Walls,
  Woodwork, Furniture, Toys

  •	Enamel Auto Bodies and Fend-
  ers, Storm Windows, Screens

  0 Varnish Table Tops, Linoleum

  •	Spray Moth-Proofing Liquids in
  Closets and Attics

 Spray Flit or Other Insect and
 Pest Solutions

 Spray Insecticides on Flowers,
 Plants, Shrubs

 USE VIBRO SPRAYER for EVERY
 Job of Painting and Spraying
 in and Around the Home
 Self-Contained Unit — No Motor,

 No Compressor, Produces Equiv-
           alent of 40 lbs. Pressure!

JUST plug in Z

PULL THE WOW,

TRY IT

10 DAYS FREE

OUTDOOR FURNITURE

INSECT CONTROL

cMrrmifiU'ii'M »•! I oaciir*,

iiitiMiiiitoi1' ami	•».

lor tiM»?IipftMflmv* flMln**

£AF