STRANGE ADVENTURES ON OTHER WORLDS
. ^STHE UNIVERSE OF FUTURE CENTURIES

NORTON, THE EARTHMAN, tfELPS
THE FAIR WARRIORS REPEL THE A
INVASION OF THE SCALY ONES £

by JOHN MURRAY ttETffOLPS \

WARLORDS OF the MOON

by ini DAVIES

THE CAVE-DWELLERS $
OF SATURN

    - .kv IQH^-WUUSJV
IF
YOU

ENJOY

A
GOOD

DETECTIVE

BOOK

Then here is a magazine you will doubly enjoy, for it contains not one
hut TWO of the best current detective books. Carefully selected from
the best regular $2.00 editions, they have been re-set in deep magazine
pages so that the two, in full length, easily fit into one magazine. And
the price of this magazine is only 25<k—a real value.

A Big Magazine A Lot of Good Reading A Big Quarter's Worth

FOR
MYSTERY-DETECTIVE FICTION
AT ITS BEST
READ

TWO COMPLETE

DETECTIVE BOOKS

On sale at all newsstands for 25c.
*	PLANET *

★	* ★ STORIES * * *

T. T. SCOTT, President >nd General Manager	MALCOLM KEISS, Editor

A Terrific Novel of Outer-Space Worlds

THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS .... John Murray Reynolds 2

        Dakta death, horrible beyond the weirdest fever-dreain9 of Earthmen, faced Space
        Ship Commauder Gerry Norton. The laconic interplanetary explorer knew too much.

        He stood in the dynamic path of Lansa, Lord of the Scaly Ones, the crafty monster
        bent on conquering all the rich, shadowless lands of the glorious Amazons of Venus.

Three Exciting Novelets of Adventure Amid the Stars

EXPEDITION TO PLUTO . . . Fletcher Pratt and Laurence Manning 52

        Within the Goddard’s 20-inch, beryll hull. Captain “Steel-Wall” McCausland mused
        his secret plan for an Earth eclipse. Reuter the scientist cuddlcd his treacherous
        test-tubes. And Air Mate Long worth grappled an unseen horror that menaced a
        billion lives.

WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON.........Linton Davies 81

        Quick-revving Ross, on the Moon run, asked a simple question. “How are the stars
        behaving, Harry?” But Harrell Moore could only stare in horror. For the stars
        had run madly amok, cosmic engines of destruction in the hands of the twisted genius
        of the Moon.

CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN........John Wiggin 96

         Across Ehrth’s radiant civilization lay the death-shot shadows of the hideous globe-
         headed dwarfs from Mars. One lone Earth-ship dared’the treachery blockade, risk-
         ing the planetoid peril to find‘Earth’s life clement on mysterious Saturn of the ten
         terrible rings.

Volume 1.	Winter Issue

No. 1	20c per copy

   PLANET STORIES: Published by Love Romances, Inc., 461 Eighth Ave., New York Gty. Printed in U. S. A.
The entire contents of this magazine arc copyrighted, 1939, by Fiction House, lac. All rights reserved. This
issue dated November 1. 1939. While due care is always exercised, the publishers will not be responsible for the
return of unsolicited manuscripts. For advertising rates address THE NEWSSTAND FICTION UNIT, 9 Rock.—
feller Plaza, New York City.

The

Golden Amazons

OF VENUS

By JOHN MURRAY REYNOLDS

 Dakta death, horrible beyond the weirdest fever-dreams of
 Earthmcn, faced Space Ship Commander Gerry Norton. The
 laconic interplanetary explorer knew too mnch. He stood in
 the dynamic path of Lansa, Lord of the Scaly Ones, the crafty
 monster bent on conquering the fair City of Larr and all the
 rich, shadowless lands of the glorious Amazons of Venus.

THE space-ship Viking—two hundred port. Her many portholes gleamed with
feet of gleaming metal and polished light. She was still taking on rocket fuel
duralite—lay on the launching plat- from a tender, but otherwise all the final
form of New York City’s municipal air- stores were aboard. Her helicopters were

3
PLANET STORIES

turning over slowly, one at a time, as they
were tested.

  In the Viking’s upper control room
Gerry Norton and Steve Brent made a
final check of the instrument panels. Both
men wore the blue and gold uniform of
the Interplanetary Fleet. Fatigue showed
on both their faces, on Steve’s freckled
pan and on Gerry Norton’s lean face.
Gerry in particular had not slept for thirty-
six hours. His responsibility was a heavy
one, as commander of this second attempt
to reach the planet Venus from Earth.
Well—he would have a chance to catch
up on sleep during the long days of travel
that lay ahead.

  The two officers finished their inspection,
and strolled out onto the open deck atop
the vessel. For a while they leaned on
the rail, staring down at the dense crowds
that had thronged the airport to see the
departure of the Viking. In this warm
weather the men wore only light shorts
and gayly colored shirts. The women wore
the long dresses and metal caps and thin
gauze veils that were so popular that year.
Around the fringes of the airport stood
the ramparts of New York’s many tall
buildings, with the four hundred story
bulk of the Federal Building a giant metal
finger against the midnight sky.

  “When are we going to pull out, Chief?”
Steve Brent asked.

  “As soon as the ship from Mars gets
in and Olga Stark can come aboard.”
“Funny thing—I’ve never been able to
like that gal!” Steve said. Gerry smiled
faintly.

  “That puts you in the minority, from all
reports. However—that’s aside from the
point. She’s the most capable Space-pilot
in the whole fleet, and we need her.
What’s she like personally?”

  “Tall, dark, and beautiful—with a nasty
tongue and the temper of a fiend,” Steve
said. He yawned, and changed the sub-
ject. “Y’know—I’ve just been wondering
what really did happen to the Stardust!”
Gerry shrugged without replying. That
was a question that was bound to be in
the minds of all members of this expedi-
tion, whether or not they put it in words.
Travel between Earth and Mars had been
commonplace for more than a generation
now, but there had not yet been any com-

munication with Venus—that cloud-veiled

planet whose orbit lay nearer the sun than
that of earth. Two years ago the explor-
ing ship Stardust had started for Venus.
She had simply vanished into the cold of
outer space—and never been heard from
again.

GERRY NORTON thought the Viking
would get through. Science had made
some advances in these past two years.
His ship would carry better rocket fuel
than had the Stardust, and more efficient
gravity plates. The new duralite hull had
the strength to withstand a terrific impact.
They would probably get through. If not
—well—he had been taking chances all his
life. You didn’t go into the Interplanetary
Service at all if you were afraid of danger.

  “There comes the ship from Mars now!”
Steve Brent said, suddenly pointing up-
ward.

  A streak of fire like a shooting star had
appeared in the sky far above. It was
the rocket blast of the incoming space
liner. Yellow flames played about her
bow as she turned on the reverse rockets
to reduce the terrific speed. The roar of
the discharge came down through the air
like a faint rumble of distant surf. Then
the rockets ceased, and the ship began to
drop down as the helicopters were unfolded
to take the weight and lower her easily
through the atmosphere.

  “It won’t be long now!” Steve said in
his low, deep, quiet voice.

  “Aye, not long!" boomed a deep voice
behind them, “but I’m thinking it will be
a long day before we return to this braw
planet of ours!”

  Angus McTavish, chief engineer of the
Viking, was a giant of a man with a voice
that could be heard above the roar of
rocket motors when he chose to raise it.
He had a pair of very bright blue eyes
—and a luxuriant red beard. There were
probably no more than a dozen full sets of
whiskers worn in the earth in this day
and age, and McTavish laid claim to the
most imposing.

  “Fuel all aboard, Chief,” he said, “The
tender’s cast off and we’re ready to ride
whenever you give the word.”

  “Just as soon as these people come
aboard.”
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

5

  “Tell me, Mac,” Steve Brent interposed,
“Now that we’re all about to jump off into
the unknown—just why do you sport that
crop of whiskers?”

  “So I won’t have to button my collar, ye
feckless loon!” the big engineer replied
instantly.

  “The Scots are a queer race.”

  “Aye, lad—the salt o’ the earth. We
remain constant in a changing world. All
the rest of you have forgotten race and
breed and tradition, till ye’ve become as
alike as peas in the same pod all over the
Earth. We of Scotland take pride in being
the exception.”

  “And in talking like some wild and
kilted highlander of the twentieth century!
You’re out of date, Angus!”

  “If you two are going to argue about
that all the way to Venus,” Gerry said
grimly, “I’ll toss you both out and let you
drift around in space forever.”

  “Speaking of the Twentieth Century,”
Steve said, "one of the ancient folk who
lived in that long ago and primitive time
would be surprised if they could see the
New York of today. Why, they made
more fuss about one of their funny old
winged air-ships flying the Atlantic than we
do about a voyage to Mars or the Moon.”
• The ship from Mars settled gently down
on the concrete landing platform, and her
helicopters ceased to turn. From a hun-
dred nozzles along the edge of the platform
came hissing streams of water, playing
upon the hull that had been heated by its
swift passage through the outer layers of
the Earth’s atmosphere. Then, as the hull
cooled, the streams of water died away
and the doors opened. The passengers be-
gan to emerge.

  A platoon of police, their steel helmets
gleaming in the glow of the lights, cleared
a path through the crowd for a small group
that hurried across to the waiting Viking.
A few minutes later three newcomers came
aboard. All wore the blue and gold uni-
form of the Interplanetary Fleet. The two
men were Martians, thin and sharp fea-
tured, with the reddish skin of their race.
The other was an Earth woman. Olga
Stark stood nearly as tall as Gerry Nor-
ton’s own six feet. She had a pale skin,
and a mass of dark hair that was coiled
low on her ncck.

  “Pilot-Lieutenant Stark and Flight-
Ensigns Tanda and Portok reporting
aboard, sir,” she said quietly.

  “You’ll find the officers' quarters aft on
B-deck. I’m calling a conference in the
chart room as soon as we get clear of the
stratosphere.”

GERRY NORTON stood on the little
platform at the top of the control
room, under a curved dome of transparent
duralite that gave him a clear view along
the whole length of the Viking’s super-
structure. The last member of the expe-
dition was aboard, the airport attendants
had all stepped back. The time of depar-
ture had come at last!

  “Close all ports!” he snapped.

  “Close ports it is, sir,” droned Chester
Sand, the Safety Officer. Warning bells
rang throughout the ship. Tiny green
lights came winking into view on one of the
many indicator panels.

  “All ports closed, sir!” the Safety Offi-
cer sang out a minute later. For a mo-
ment Gerry bent over the rail of the plat-
form and himself glanced down at the solid
bank of green lights on the board.

  “Start helicopters!” he ordered.

  There was a low humming. The ship
began to vibrate gently. From his place
in the dome, Gerry could see the Viking’s
dozen big helicopters begin to spin. Faster
and faster they moved as Angus McTavish
gave his engines full power. Then the ship
rose straight up into the air.

  “Here we go, boys—Venus or bust!”
Steve Brent muttered under his breath, and
a low chuckle swept across the control
room.

  The lighted surface of the airport fell
swiftly away beneath them. The myriad
lights of New York were spread out like
a jeweled carpet in the night, dwindling
and seeming to slide together as the drive
of the Viking’s powerful motors carried
her steadily upward. At the three thou-
sand-foot level they passed a traffic bal-
loon with its circle of blue lights, and the
signal blinker spelled out a hasty “Good
Luck!”

AT the thirty thousand-foot level they
passed an inbound Oriental & West-
ern liner, bringing the night mail from
6	PLANET

China. She hung motionless on her heli-
copters to let the Viking pass, her siren
giving a salute of three long blasts while
her passengers crowded the decks to cheer
the spacc-ship. After another ten thousand
feet they were above ordinary traffic lanes.
The glass windows of the control room
were beginning to show a film of con-
densing moisture, and Steve Brent brought
the heavy duralite panes up into place.

  “Stand by rocket motors!” Gerry com-
manded. “Stand by to fold helicopters.
Ready? Contact!”

  There was a muffled roar. The Viking's
nose tilted sharply upward. Momentarily
the space-ship trembled like a living thing.
Then she shot ahead, while the helicopters
dropped down into recesses within the
hull and duralite covers slid into place over
them. Gerry climbed down from the dome
into the main control room. Momentarily
lie glanced at the huge brass and steel speed
indicators.

  “Twelve hundred miles an hour,” he
said. “Fast enough for this density of at-
mosphere. Hold her there. Summon
heads of departments and all deck officers
to the chart room.”

  The call was quickly answered.

  The assembled officers stood leaning
against the walls, or perched on the chart-
lockers. Now that the trip had actually
begun, uniform coats were unbuttoned and
caps laid aside. Angus McTavish had a
battered brier pipe clenched in his teeth.
The stem was so short that the swirling
smoke seemed to filter upward through
his whiskers.

  “Better be careful, Mac,” said Portok
the Martian. “Maybe the air filters won’t
be able to handle that smoke of yours.”
“Never mind the air filters, sonny!”
grunted the big Scot with imperturbable
good humor. “They’ll handle the smoke
of good "baccy better than the fumes of
that filthy grricqua weed you smoke on
Mars.”

  A radio loud-speaker had been left on,
and they heard the voice of an announcer
on some European station:

  “We now bring you a brief sports
resume. In Canton, China, the Shantung
Dragons played a double header with the
Budapest Magyars. The score of the first
game was ...”

STORIES

  “Wonder if they ever heard of baseball
on Venus!” Steve Brent chuckled.

  “Maybe they’ll learn as fast as we of
Mars,” said Portok. “I seem to remem-
ber that in the last Interplanetary Cham-
pionship Series we ...”

  “Skip it!” Steve growled. “I lost a
week’s salary on that series.”

  McTavish and Portok grinned.

  Gerry Norton watched them with a smile
on his lean, dark face. They were a good
crowd! The Viking was going on the most
dangerous journey mankind had ever at-
tempted, a journey from which no one had
ever before returned alive, but he could
not have asked for a better group of sub-
ordinates. They were people of his own
choosing, and all but two were old ship-
mates. Though he had never sailed with
Chester Sand, the Safety Officer had been
highly recommended. Neither had he ever
sailed with Olga Stark before, but he knew
her by reputation as an excellent navigator
and when she applied to go he felt he
should accept her.

FOR half an hour Gerry held them to-
gether, while he set the watches and
checked assignments and outlined other
routine details. Then the meeting ended,
and only Steve Brent remained with him.
They walked forward into the darkened
control room, where the only light was the
dim glow from the indicator boards. The
Quartermaster on watch stood motionless
beside the steering levers.

  Gerjy noticed that he had a tendency to
rise a couple of inches off the floor with
each step. The pull of Earth was already
lessening! He threw the switch that con-
trolled the attraction-gear, and heard a
faint hiss of shifting gravity plates beneath
their feet. The feeling and impression of
normal weight returned.

  For a moment Gerry and Steve stood
looking out one of the big duralite win-
dows of the control room. At this level
the legions of stars gleamed with an un-
real brilliance in the dead black of the
heavens. The Earth was a vast globe be-
hind them, glowing for a quarter of its
surface with the familiar outlines of the
continents still visible. With the lessen-
ing pull, the Viking had increased speed to
five thousand, but she seemed to be stand-
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

7

ing still in comparison with the vastness
of space.

  “Funny thing, Chief,” Steve Brent said
meditatively, “Olga Stark and Chester
Sand are not supposed to have met before
they came aboard this ship—but I saw them
whispering together in that dark corner off
Corridor 6 as I came forward.”

  “Maybe she’s just a fast worker,” Gerry
said. For a moment the incident irritated
him, but then he shrugged and forgot it.
On a purely scientific and exploratory ex-
pedition of this kind, there was no possible
motive for any underhand work.

THE days passed in slow progression.
The Viking had attained her maximum
speed of fifty thousand miles an hour as
the ceaseless drive of her great rocket mo-
tors forced her ahead, a speed possible in
the void of outer space where there was
no air to create friction. For all her great
speed by Earthly standards, she was but
crawling slowly across the vastness of In-
terplanetary space.

  Life on board had settled down to a
smooth routine. Now and then alarm bells
would suddenly ring a warning of the ap-
proach of a small planetesimal or some
other vagrant w'anderer of outer space, and
the ship would change course to avoid a
collision. Otherwise there was little ex-
citement. Astern, the familiar Earth had
dwindled to a shining disc—like the but-
ton on an airman’s uniform. Ahead, the
cloud-veiled planet of Venus drew steadily
nearer.

  Passing along one of B-deck corridors
one day, Gerry met Olga Stark coming out
of the recreation rooms. She was oft’ duty
at the moment, and instead of her uniform
she wore a long gown of green silk. Her
dark hair was surmounted by a polished
metal cap, and a thin gauze veil hung
to her chin. Gerry stopped her with a
gesture.

  “Very dccorative, Lieutenant,” he said
with a twitch of his lips, “but this is sup-
posed to be a scientific expedition. I must
ask that you wear your uniform outside of
your cabin.”

  “I am off duty!” she retorted, her dark
eyes suddenly angry and sullen.

  “It’s true that you’re not on watch at
this moment, but everybody is on duty

twenty-four hours a day till this expedi-
tion is over. Resume your uniform.”

  “And if I refuse?” she asked.

  “You’ll go into double irons. When I’m
commanding a ship, I do just that!”

  For a moment their glances met, the wo-
man’s hot and angry, the man’s cold and
unyielding. Then, without another word,
she swept away to her cabin. Gerry Nor-
ton sighed, and went on his way. He had
never become entirely reconciled to the
presence of women in the Interplanetary
Fleet. They made good officers most of
the time, but occasionally they had fits
of feminine temperament.

AT last there came the day when the
yellowish, cloud-veiled mass of Venus
filled half the sky ahead. Watches were
doubled up. Rocket motors were cut down
as the attraction of the planet pulled them
onward. Then the forward rocket-tubes
began to let go for the braking effect, and
the flame of the discharges filled the con-
trol room with a flickering yellow light.

  As they entered the outer atmosphere
layers of Venus, the effect of air on the
sun’s rays gave them natural sunlight and
blue skies again for the first time in over
six weeks. Something about the effect of
yellow sunlight slanting in the port-holes
raised the spirits of all of them, and men
were whistling as they went about their
work. Gerry brought the ship to a halt
a few thousand feet above the endless, tum-
bled mass of clouds that eternally cov-
ered all of Venus. They were now near
enough to be fully caught in the rotation
of the planet’s stratosphere, so that they
had normal night and day instead of the
eternal midnight that had gripped them for
weeks.

  Early the next morning, with all hands
on duty, the Viking’s helicopters began to
drop her down into the cloud-mass. The
cottony billows swept up to meet them—
and then they were submerged in a dense
and yellowish fog. Moisture gathered
thickly on the windows of the control
room.

  “This reminds me of a good London
fog!” said Angus McTavish, who had come
up from his engine rooms for a few min-
utes. “I wonder if they have any good
pubs down there!”
8	PLANET STORIES

  The soupy, saffron-colored fog en-
shrouded the Viking as she dropped lower
and lower. Gerry Norton checked the alti-
tude personally, watching the slowly mov-
ing hand of the indicator. Twice he held
her motionless while he sent echo-sound-
ings down to make sure they were not too
close to land. Then they went a little lower
—and suddenly came clear of the cloud
mass. They were sinking slowly down-
ward through a peculiarly murky, golden
light that was the normal day-time condi-
tion on the planet of Venus. They had
arrived!

  Below them stretched the rippling waters
of a vast and greenish sea. It was broken
by scattered islands, bare bits of rock that
were dotted with a blue moss and were
utterly bare of life except for a few swoop-
ing sea-birds. On a distant shore were
lofty mountains whose peaks were capped
with snow. In one or two places a narrow
shaft of sunlight struck down through a
brief gap in the canopy of eternal clouds,
but otherwise there was only that sub-
dued and peculiarly golden light. Nothing
moved but those few oddly shaped birds.

  “Lord—but it’s lonely!” Gerry mut-
tered.

  There was no sign of human existence,
no trace of the towers and buildings of
mankind. Not even any sign of life at all,
except for those sea-birds. It was like a
scene from the long-ago youth of the world,
when the only life was that of the teeming
shallows or the muddy shores of warm
seas. The place was desolate, and forlorn,
and inexpressibly lonely.

  They had opened some of the ports for
a breath of fresh air after long weeks of
the flat and second-hand product of the air
filters, with its faint odor of oil and dis-
infectant. The breeze that came in the open
ports was warm and moist and faintly
salty.

  “Rocket motors — minimum power!”
Gerry commanded quietly. “There's no use
landing on one of those bare islets. We’ll
see what lies beyond the mountains.”

  The subdued blast of only two rocket
tubes began to drive the Viking forward at
a slow speed of about 300 M.P.H., while
long fins were thrust out at the sides to
carry the weight and free the helicopters.
All hands were crowded at the windows

and ports. After a moment Olga Stark
turned to Gerry.

  “Our magnetic compasses are working
again, Captain,” she said quietly. “I sug-
gest going across the mountains and then
turning southwest.”

  “Why there—rather than in any other
direction?” Gerry asked quietly. The girl
shrugged.

  “Just a hunch. Of course, it’s all guess-
work.”

  The Viking had to go up to a level of
18,000 feet above this lonely Venusian sea
before she was above the peaks of the
mountains. Then Gerry turned her in-
land. Just before they left the shore-line
they passed some sort of a flying thing
that swooped down to prey on the sea-
birds. It had a reptilian body, and a spread
of leathery wings about twelve feet across.

  “Will you look at that!” Steve Brent
muttered.

  “I’d hate to meet that on a dark night!”
Gerry said grimly. Along the shore-line
as they flashed inland he could see mon-
strous, crawling things that moved slug-
gishly along the beaches or in the shallows.
It began to seem that life on Venus was on
a different level than that of the Outer
Planets.

  The Viking drove steadily westward
across the mountains. From the lower con-
trol room windows Gerry could see only
drifted snow and naked boulders, and the
gauntly lonely peaks. The air was thin
and cold. The canopy of yellow clouds
was only a little way above them. Then,
across the mountains at last, they dropped
down toward a broad table-land covered
with patches of forest and alternate
stretches of open grass-land.

  “Cut rockets!” Gerry snapped. “Pre-
pare to land!”

  A few minutes later the Viking settled
gently down in a broad clearing, where the
coarse grass was knee high. For the first
time in over six weeks the sound and vibra-
tion of the motors ceased. The expedition
had landed on Venus!

THE landing party filed out a door that
opened in the lower part of the hull.
The moist air was a little warmer than that
of Earth, and it had an unfamiliar smell
of growing things, but its density seemed
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENDS

9

about the same. Since the size of Venus
was similar to that of their own planets,
neither Earth-man nor Martian had much
trouble in walking as soon as they became
accustomed to a slightly lesser gravity.
Gerry found he could leap eight feet in the
air without any trouble.

  Gerry split the landing party into four
groups, sending them spreading out like the
spokes of a fan.

  “Don’t go more than three miles from
the ship without further orders. Study the
countryside thoroughly, and then report
back on board."

  All the landing party wore light armour
of steel coated with duralite, and carried
ray-tubes at their belts. Every third man
had a heavier ray-gun with its cylindr ical
magazine, not unlike the old-fashioned ma-
chine gun. Their polished armor took on a
golden tinge as they tramped away across
the grass-land, while behind them the Vik-
ing lay motionless in the grass like a great
torpedo of steel and blue.

  Gerry took personal command of the
southernmost exploring party, leading them
into a broad belt of forest. It was very
still beneath the giant trees, where strange
yellow flowers hung from the branches and
their path wound between clusters of ten-
foot ferns. Huge toad-stools of purple and
green rose higher than their heads, and
once they saw a giant ant some three feet
long who scuttled off through the under-
brush with the speed of a galloping horse.

  Gradually Gerry became separated from
the rest of his party, bearing more to the
southward as he caught a glimpse of more
open-country through the trees. Then, on
the edge of a small clearing, he abruptly
halted as half a dozen men appeared on
the far side.

  That is, Gerry thought of them as men
for lack of a better term. They were like
nothing he had ever seen on either Earth
or Mars or any of the planetoids between.
Lean bodies were covered with glistening
gray scales. Though the hands seemed hu-
man, the feet were clawed and webbed.
Short, flat tails hung behind them. The
faces were scaleless, low-browed and green-
eyed, with a jutting mouth and nose that
came together in a sort of snout. They
had pointed ears that stood sharply erect.
Their general appearance was a little more

on the animal side than the human, but
they had swords slung at their belts and
carried short-barreled rifles.

  In the center of the group was a woman.
She was naked except for a scarlet loin-
cloth and golden breast-plates. This was
no semi-reptilian creature, but a woman
straight and clean-limbed and beautiful,
with long blonde hair that hung nearly to
her waist. She had blue eyes, and her
skin was about as white as Gerry’s own,
though it had a faintly tawny tinge so
that she appeared all golden. At the mo-
ment her hands were tightly tied behind
her back and a cloth gag distended her
lips, while one of the Scaly Men led her
along by a rope about her neck.

  Gerry stepped out into the clearing with
his ray-tubes swinging free in his hand.
His wide shoulders were thrown slightly
forward, his whole muscular body was
tensed and ready beneath his armor. As
always when he went into a fight, his lean
and normally somber face was smiling.

THE captive girl saw him first, and her
eyes widened in utter surprise. Then
the half dozen reptilian men caught sight
of the lone Earth-man standing there in
his gleaming armor, and their snout-like
mouths sagged open. Gerry walked quietly
forward.

  He was half across the clearing before
the Venusians recovered from their sur-
prise. Then one of the patrol flung his
short rifle to his shoulder. There was a
hiss of escaping gas, and a split-second
later an explosive bullet struck him in the
chest with a flash and a loud report. It
would have instantly killed an unprotected
man, but it did no more than slightly dent
Gerry’s armor.

  The Earth-man half crouched, his eyes
narrowing and his jaw jutting suddenly
forward. He had meant to try and parley,
but diplomacy had no place with creatures
who shot first and challenged afterward.
His ray-tube swung up to the level. There
was a sharp crackling sound, and for a
second a murky red light played around the
open end. The nearest Venusian crumpled
and went down. He twitched for a sec-
ond, and then lay still. The gray scales
had turned dead black in the area where
the death-ray had struck him.
10

PLANET STORIES

  At least the Scaly Men had courage I
The remaining five came forward with a
shrill and almost canine yelping, advancing
at a bent-legged run. Their rifles hissed
as the compressed gases were released, the
explosive bullets crackled all around
Gerry. Twice more his ray-tube let go its
deadly blast—and then his weapon was
empty. He cursed himself through
clenched teeth for having strayed away
from the patrol while armed only with a
light tube with simply three charges. Two
more of the reptile men lay twitching in
the tall grass, but the other three were al-
most up to him. After that one volley
they had drawn their swords, which prob-
ably meant that their compressed-gas rifles
were cumbersome things to reload.

  And then Gerry Norton suddenly re-
membered the greater strength of his
Earthly muscles. As the foremost Venu-
sian lunged for him with long blade swing-
ing, Gerry bounded high into the air. He
went clean over the head of his antagonist,
coming down squarely on top of the next
behind. They both went sprawling, but
Gerry recovered first. Gripping the fallen
Venusian by the ankles, the Earth-man
swung him around his head like a flail and
hurled him squarely at the other two. The
three of them went down in a tangled heap.

  By the time the reptile men again
scrambled to their feet, Gerry had snatched
up the sword of one of the men he had
killed with the ray-tube. Now he had
something to fight with! The long sword
whistled as he jerked it free from its scab-
bard. For an instant he tested the blade
in both hands. It was forged of some blu-
ish metal that seemed as strong and flex-
ible as well-tempered steel. Then, still
smiling his thin-lipped smile though his
eyes were as cold as the wintry seas, Gerry
Norton waited the onrush of the three
Venusians.

  There were a few seconds of clashing
steel. The reptile men were good swords-
men, but they were no match for the speed
and strength of the Man from Earth. Two
of them were stretched on the ground with
cloven skulls, and then the last survivor
turned and ran. Gerry could have caught
him easily, for the webbed feet of the
Venusian did not make for great speed,
but he was content to let him go.

  When the scaly tail of the fleeing crea-
ture had vanished in the underbrush, Gerry
thrust his sword upright in the ground—
where it would be handy if he needed it
again in a hurry—and freed the golden-
haired girl from her bonds.

  “I wonder where you fit into this pic-
ture, Bright Eyes!” he muttered, knowing
she would not understand.

  There was certainly nothing of the
shrinking violet about this girl! When her
hands were free she faced Gerry without
any sign of either fear or even much grati-
tude, standing erect with her hands on her
hips and her eyes nearly on a level with
his own.

  “Jaro quimtar—who are you ?” she asked
in Martian.

GERRY stared at her in startled sur-
prise. The girl had unquestionably
spoken in Martian. It was a very old and
antique form of the language that she used,
a dialect that had not been heard on Mars
itself for countless generations, but it was
poss'ble for Gerry to understand it. The
last thing he had expected to find on this
planet of Venus was anyone who spoke
one of the tongues common on the Outer
Planets!

  “I’m Gerry Norton,” he said.

  “Geree!” the girl repeated. “You talk
funny.”

  “Same to you, sister,” Gerry grinned.
“And just who are you, anyway?”

  “I am Closana, of course, the daughter
of Rupin-Sang!” the girl said haughtily.
“Don’t you see the Golden Arrow ?”

  She touched a small golden arrow that
hung from a light chain about her neck. It
seemed to be some kind of an insignia of
rank. Her deep blue eyes were looking at
him thoughtfully.

  “You wear queer clothes, Geree,” she
said at last. “Where do you come from?”
“From Earth.”

  She frowned.

  “Where is that? Is it one of the lands
beyond the Great Sea?”

  “Much farther away than that. It’s an-
other planet, far off in outer space.”

  “You lie,” she said. “Such a thing is
not possible."

  “Okay, sister,” Gerry snapped, “we
won’t argue about that right now. Who
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

11

were your unpleasant friends here? What
do we do next?"

  Closana walked across to take the sword
of one of the slain Reptilians. She tested
its balance, seemed satisfied, and then
belted the scabbard about her own waist.
She handled the long blade with the ex-
perienced ease of a warrior, and for the
first time Gerry noticed the play of corded
muscles beneath the smooth and tawny skin
of her arms and shoulders. Closana,
daughter of Rupin-Sang, was feminine
enough but there was nothing of the cling-
ing vine about her! She threw her long
hair back over her shoulders and faced
Gerry with the sword in her hand.

  “You should have killed the last of the
Scaly Ones,” she said, “instead of letting
him get away. Now he will bring the
whole raiding party down on us.”

  “Who are they, those things you call the
Scaly Ones?”

  “Their region lies beyond the frontier of
our land of Savissa,” the girl explained.
“We are near the boundaries now. There
is constant warfare between ourselves and
the Scaly Ones. Now and then their raid-
ing parties break through our ring of bar-
rier forts, and it was a group of five hun-
dred such raiders that captured me this
morning. That one who escaped will bring
the rest back with him.”

  “Then I guess we’ll need help!” Gerry
said grimly.

THERE was a two-way, short-wave ra-
dio set built into his helmet. He
reached up to adjust the switch, then
flashed the alarm signal. A few seconds
later he heard the answering voice of Por-
tok the Martian, who was in command of
the nearest of the Viking's exploring
parties.

  "Jumping ray-blasts, Chief, we were
wondering what had happened to you!’’
“Guide on my transmitter and get here
as soon as you can!” Gerry snapped.
“Hurry!”

  A few minutes later they saw a glint of
armor through the trees, and then the half
dozen members of the exploring party
emerged into the clearing. Their eyes were
wide with surprise as they saw Closana
standing beside Gerry.

  “Who’s your yellow-haired friend,

Chief?” Portok asked with a broad grin.
He had spoken in Martian, the two tongues
being practically interchangeable with the
men of the Interplanetary Fleet. Closana’s
eyes flashed fire.

   “Speak of me with more respect, little
 Red-face!” she snapped. Portok’s jaw
 sagged open, but before he could say any-
 thing further the underbrush on the far
 side of the clearing suddenly vomited a
 yelling horde of the Scaly Ones.

   They came in close-packed masses, yelp-
 ing shrilly. Their scaly skins and the
 blades of their swords gleamed in the sub-
 dued yellow light. Evidently bent on cap-
 ture of the small group of strangers, they
 were not using their gas-guns.

   “Keep together! Fall back toward the
ship!” Gerry roared, drawing the sword
he had captured earlier in the day.

   There was a sharp crackle of ray-blasts
 as the Earth-men fell back before the
 charging horde of the Scaly Ones. The
 short hand-tubes were soon exhausted, but
 the heavy ray-guns carried by two of the
 men fired steadily. Murky light continu-
 ally played about their stubby muzzles.
 Dozens of the Scaly Ones dropped, twitch-
 ing, in the tall grass before the deadly blast
 of the rays, but the shouting hordes came
 on unchecked. And then a bugle sounded
 somewhere off on the flank!

  “Now, you scaly devils!” Closana
screamed, facing about and waving the
sword high above her head, “The frontier
guards have arrived I”

  Long lines of warriors charged out
through the bushes to take the reptile men
on the flank. The front line of skirmishers
carried heavy bows and had quivers of
arrows slung on their backs, the ranks
^behind were armed with shields and spears.
Rank by rank and company by company
they came, nearly a thousand strong, the
ringing clamor of brazen trumpets urging
them onward. Gerry Norton stared at
them blankly, scarcely able to believe what
he saw. All the warriors were women!

   They were tall and clean-limbed, with
long golden hair that streamed behind them
as they ran. Like Closana, they wore
bright-colored loin cloths and had round
gold plates fastened across their breasts.
The might of the Golden Amazons of Ve-
nus swept forward like a giant wave, with
12	PLAJVET

 a spray of tossing spear points above it.
 Then the trumpets sounded again, and the
 arrow storm began.

  The front ranks loosed their long shafts
swiftly, and the air became full of the
twang of bow-strings and hiss of speeding
arrows. A shouting officer of the Scaly
Ones went down with a pair of shafts
feathered in his chest. His men were
dropping all about him as the gold-tipped
arrows struck home.

THE reptile men were using their gas-
guns now. The sharp hiss of the dis-
charges rose above the twang of the bow-
strings, the snap of the exploding bullets
was like a crackle of old-fashioned mus-
ketry. The projectiles ripped holes in the
front ranks of the Amazons, but they still
came bounding forward.. Then the sharp
reports of the exploding bullets died away,
for the gas-guns were cumbersome things
to re-charge and there was no time. The
two lines met with a clash of steel.

  Gerry Norton had thrown his armoured
Earth-men and Martians as a guard around
Closana when she ran toward the center of
the Amazon line. On two occasions small
parties of the Scaly Ones cut their way
through the guarding spears to reach them,
and each time the blast of the heavy ray-
guns mowed them down. The clatter of
meeting blades was like the noise of a
thousand smithies, the shrill yelping of the
reptile men was drowned out by the trium-
phant blast of the Amazon trumpets. The
Scaly Ones were giving back all along the
line, under pressure of superior numbers
and the greater agility of the lithe
Amazons.

  Gerry fought with the long, blue-bladed
sworcl in his hand and the shield of a
fallen Amazon on his left arm. With the
greater strength of his earthly muscles, he
raged through the fighting while his heavy
blade wrought deadly execution. And then
it was over! The Scaly Ones broke up
into scores of fleeing groups and fresh
companies of Amazons bounded in pursuit

with their long bows twanging. Closana
leaned on her dripping blade and held out
her hand.

  “It was a good fight, Geree. I think I
will take you for my husband.”

  “I think,” Gerry said, “We’ll just leave

STORIES

that idea for discussion some other time.”

THE fleeing survivors of the Scaly
Ones had gone, with companies of light
armed Amazons in hot pursuit. The others
were tending the wounded and gathering up
the dead, picking up fallen weapons, doing
all the routine tasks that are the aftermath
of battle. Closana was now surrounded by
a body-guard of tall, blonde Amazons
whose lion-cloths bore the same design of a
golden arrow-head as her own.

  “I think,” she said to Gerry, “that you
should come to see my father Rupin-Sang,
who is ruler of this land.”

  Quite a thinker, decided Gerry.

  “We can take you there in the ship if you
show us the way,” he said shortly.

  A horde of Amazons^ thronged around
the big blue-and-silver hull of the Viking
where she lay in the knee-high grass. As
the members of the landing party filed on
board and turned their ray-tubes in to the
Ordnance Officer to be recharged, the other
members of the crew came out to stare at
the visitors. Angus McTavish stood on
the steps of the ladder with his big fists on
his hips.

  “Will ye look at all the bonny lassies!’
he said. “This may not be such a bad planet
after all.”

  The feminine warriors of Venus saw
McTavish then, and a sudden murmur
swept over the throng. An instant later a
hundred blades flashed in the air in salute,
and then all the Amazons dropped down
on one knee.

  “Now what the devil . . .?” muttered
Steve Brent who had come out of the ship
just behind McTavish.

  “Just a proper tribute to my outstanding
personality, lad!” the big Scot muttered
aside. Closana read the surprise in Gerry
Norton’s eyes.

  “There are few men in this land of
Savissa,” she explained, “And the wearing
of a beard is the sign of a noble of the
highest rank.”

  “Wonder how long it will take me to
grow a good crop of whiskers!” Steve said.

  Closana and a dozen of her body-guard
came aboard, looking curiously about them.
As the Venusian princess walked into the
control room she came face to face with
Olga Stark. For a long moment the two
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS	13

women stood looking at each other, their
clashing glances hard and intent. The
golden Venusian and the dark haired
Earthling. Then Closana shrugged and
turned away.

  “I do not like her,” she said calmly. A
slow flush spread over Olga Stark’s face,
and her eyes smoldered, but she did not
answer.

  With helicopters spinning, the Viking
rose a thousand feet in the air. Then she
moved ahead at minimum cruising speed.
Closana stood at one of the control room
windows to point the way.

IT was a strange land that they saw mov-
ing past below them, though a pleasant
one. There were rolling uplands, and
patches of forest, and occasional villages
surrounded by broad tilled fields. Except
for the yellowish tinge to the vegetation,
and the odd shapes of the trees, it might
have been an Earthly countryside. Then
Gerry noticed another thing! Though it
was broad daylight, as bright as it could
become on this planet, there were no shad-
ows at all. The diffusing effect of the
eternal cloud barrier kept the light equal
on all sides.

  “The Land of No Shadow!” he said
aloud. For the first time in this busy day
he thought of the fact tliat they were forty
million miles from home. If anything hap-
pened to the Viking, they would spend the
rest of their lives here.

  They passed some of the barrier forts,
square and stone walled buildings reminis-
cent of medieval castles on Earth. In the
misty hills beyond, Closana told Gerrv, lay
the country of the Scaly Ones.

  “What is it like?” he asked. She
shrugged, but her eyes were shadowed.

   “All I know about it is legend, the sort
of tales that old women tell in the evenings.
Many of our people have been taken there
as prisoners in raids, but none has ever
returned alive.”

  Leaving Steve Brent in command in the
control room for the moment, Gerry went
aft to his quarters where he had a compact
Tri-dimensional-cinema outfit. He was
passing along one of the corridors on
B-deck when he abruptly halted. A faint
humming was coming from behind the
closed door of the radio room!

  The Viking's sending outfit was not
strong enough to bridge the vastness of
interplanetary space. Such outfits existed,
of course, but only a small set had been
installed on the space-ship because of the
extra weight involved. The radio room had
been closed and locked weeks ago. No one
was supposed to have access to it except
Steve Brent and Gerry himself. And yet
—the unmistakable hum of a generator
was coming from behind the closed door!

  Gerry cautiously tested the knob of the
door. It gave under his hand. As he
opened the portal a crack, he clearly heard
the sharp murmur of the sending apparatus.
Then he swung the door wide on its noise-
less and well oiled hinges. A dim light
gleamed across the room! A dark figure
was crouched tensely over the table that
held the sending set. At the moment Gerry
could not see who it was.

  Two steps Gerry took into the room.
Three steps. The rubberoid soles of his
shoes friade no sound. Then a crushing
weight descended on top of his head! In
the half second before he lost conscious-
ness, he realized that there had been a sec-
ond interloper in the radio room. Someone
who had been crouching against the wall
by the door, and who had slugged him as
he passed.

WHEN consciousness returned to
Gerry Norton, he was lying alone on
the floor of the darkened radio room. He
sat up, and rubbed his aching head, and
swore softly. There was no sign of the
interlopers, nor any clue to their identity.

  The whole incident puzzled him. His
assailants must have been from among the
Viking’s crew. That was surprising enough
in itself, but there was also the problem of
motive. Why would anybody be sending
a secret message when there was no re-
ceiving set within millions of miles? The
thing just didn’t make sense.

  Closing the radio room behind him
Gerry went back to the control-room and
drew Steve Brent aside.

  “Look here, Steve! I just found some-
one sending a secret message out over the
radio, and got knocked on the head before
I could see who it was.”

  “You must have been reading some of
those funny old Twentieth Century gang-
14	PLANET

ster yarns of evil deeds!” Steve grinned.

  “I’m serious. That really happened.”
Gerry snapped. The grin faded from
Brent’s freckled face.

  “Then it must have been Chester Sand,”
he said promptly.

  “Why do you say that?”

  Brent shrugged.

  “Because he’s the only man aboard that I
don’t know too well to suspect.”

  “Interesting logic,” Gerry grunted, “But
we can’t lock a man up on such negative
grounds. Keep your eyes open. I’m going
to try to sweat some information out of
someone as soon as we get through this
ceremony of visiting the king of this
place.”

WOMEN working in the fields looked
up as the Viking passed, lifting a
hand to shade their eyes as they stared
aloft at the soaring space-ship. Other
women drove small carts along the white
roads that wound through the fields. There
did not seem to be any men in this land at
all. Then, atong the far horizon ahead,
there began to lift the domes and towers
and minarets of a mighty city. Closana
proudly lifted her arm.

  “The Golden City of Larr!” she said,
"Capitol of our land of Savissa. None
but our own people have ever penetrated
those walls except as prisoners of war.”
The walled city of larr dominated the
plain in all its towered splendor. Its walls
of polished yellow stone were more than a
hundred feet high. The serrated battle-
ments at the top were faced with plates
of thin gold. Domes of blue and scarlet
gleamed within the walls. Slender min-
arets lifted their lattices high in the air.
In the center was a massive round tower
whose top was shaped like the point of a
golden arrow.

  “But surely your people never built ‘his
place!” he gasped. Closana shook her head.

  “The city was not built by my people
as they are now. Larr, the Golden City,
is very ancient. It was built by the Old
Ones—they who lived here long ago. in the
dim dawn of time. I have forgotten most
of the tale but my father can tell you.”
As they passed over the outer walls,
Gerry saw some long steel tubes mounted
on swivels above the battlements. They

STORIES

were protected by gleaming metal shields.
He touched Closana’s arm.

  “What are those things that look like
giant ray-guns?”

  "Those are the defences of the walls,”
the girl answered, “We also have them at
the barrier forts. In some way they send
out rays of heat that bum and shrivel all
things within reach. I do not know much
about them, but my father can tell you.”
“Looks like he’s going to tell me a lot
of things,” Gerry said. Closana shook back
her long hair and looked at him thought-
fully for a moment.

  “Yes, Geree. He will also tell you why
you had better marry me as I suggested.”

  “I told you we’d have to let that subject
wait till later!” he said grimly. Steve Brent
prodded him gently in the ribs.

  “Persistent souls, these Golden Ama-
zons !” he said in English.

THE appearance of the Viking in the
air over Larr created a mounting ex-
citement among the citizens of the city.
Through the open windows of the control
room Gerry could hear the brazen clamor of
many trumpets, sounding the alarm.
Crowds appeared on the roofs. Arrows
streaked up at the space-ship, futile shafts
that fell short of the mark. As they neared
the central tower, gun crews swarmed
about two of the ray-tubes. Knowing the
resisting power of the Viking's duraiite
hull, Gerry was not greatly worried, but
Closana seemed to feel that things had gone
far enough.

  Hitherto the girl had been quite evidently
enjoying the consternation that the Viking’s
arrival had caused among the defenders of
the city. Now she leaned far out from the
open window and waved reassuringly. As
she was recognized, defense preparations
ceased and the gun crews began to cover
their weapons up again.

  The Viking settled gently down on the
worn stone pavement of a square plaza di-
rectly before the central tower. A ring of
amazon spearmen instantly formed to keep
back the curious crowds, and other compa-
nies were drawn up as a guard of honor.
They saluted Closana with a shout and a
surge of uplifted spears when she and
Gerry stepped out the opened starboard
door. Then, when Angus McTavish came
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENVS

15

out with a group of senior officers a few
seconds later, all the Amazon warriors
dropped instantly down on one knee while
their spear-points rattled on the stones.
The big engineer beamed through his
beard, and tilted his uniform cap to a more
rakish angle.

  “I have already stated that these folk are
a verra discriminating people!” he said
with deep satisfaction. Closana turned to
Gerry.

  “It would be better to take only a few
of your people along when we go into see
my father.”

  Gerry faced about, his glance running
quickly over those of his crew who had
emerged from the hull and were standing
nearby.

  “Steve Brent stays here in command,”
he said quietly, “You come with me, Angus.
Xnd Portok. And one other. . . He
hesitated, then named Olga Stark. Later
he was to wonder what evil genius had led
him to select her as one of the party. He
could not quite remember. Probably it
was just a desire to take as varied and
representative a group along with him as
possible. Closana looked annoyed at his
choice, but did not comment.

THEY passed through the ranks of the
spear-guard, and up to the octagonal
main door of the tower where carved
golden leaves slid back into the wall on
each side. A blue light glowed around the
inner frame of the door, and Closana held
up her arm.

  “Wait till the blue light fades, for it is
Death," she said quietly. Then, as the
light died out, they all stepped inside while
the golden leaves of the door closed clash-
ing behind them.

  They were in a winding corridor whose
stone walls were faced with polished stone
and hung with ancient tapestries. The
place was lighted by metal discs set flush
in the ceiling, discs of a substance that gave
forth a soft and golden glow'. Even this
light, Gerry noticed, was so diffused as to
be shadowless. “The Land of No-
Shadow!” he muttered under his breath,
remembering the phrase that had come to
him earlier. Somehow the friendly old
Earth seemed very far away at that mo-
ment !

  In an ante-chamber they met the first
man they had seen since they reached Ve-
nus, aside from the half-animal raiders of
the Scaly Ones. This man was short and
slight, with a very high forehead and un-
usually large eyes. His skin had the same
tawny tinge as that of the feminine war-
riors of his race, but he was more lightly
built than they. He wore a loose yellow
tunic, and his hair and thin beard were
heavily shot with gray. Somehow he
looked tired, and old even beyond his
years, as though the sands of his race were
running very low.

  “Rupin-Sang awaits your coming,” he
said to Gerry. As Portok and the others
from the Viking came into sight, the Venu-
sian stared at them with strangely startled
eyes. He said nothing more, but his glance
seemed to hold a strange, terrible haunting
fear.

  At the end of the corridor they stepped
into a small golden car. A door closed
behind them. The floor shot rapidly up-
ward. A few seconds later the door of
the lift-car swung open again and they
stepped out into a round chamber near the
top of the great tower.

  “Enter to His Highness Rupin-Sang,
Lord of Savissa and the Mountain Lands,
ruler of field and forest and castle, heredi-
tary Warden of the Great Sea!” the Venu-
sian courtier said sonorously.

  The room was circular, with glassless
windows set in the walls every few feet.
A warm breeze blew in to stir the tiny
metal discs that hung around near the tops
of the walls in a sort of frieze, setting them
swinging till they clashed together with a
continuous jingling. A small fountain mur-
mured in the center of the room. A pecu-
liarly shaped telescope stood by one wall,
and there were other scientific instruments
of a type unfamiliar to the Earth-men.

IN a big carved chair in the center sat a
very old man, a rolled parchment lying
across his knees. What remained of his
hair and beard were pure white. His face
was lined and sunken. He half raised his
arm in a ceremonial gesture of welcome,
but then a sudden expression of alarm
came over his face. He pointed with one
shaking hand.

  ‘‘/lie—woe to the City of Larr! The
16	PLANET

hour of the fulfilment of the prophecy is
at hand! Woe to Larr, with its walls and
towers!”

  Closana hurried to her father's side. A
moment later the old man had regained his
calm. He greeted them with formalized
speech of welcome full of old phrases, then
added:

  “Forgive my agitation when you first en-
tered, hisiren, but it brought to mind the
doom-filled phrases of what we of Savissa
call the Prophecy of Jeddah-Khana.”

  "What is that?”

  “It is a very old prophecy, carved in an
ancient runic script on the stone walls of
one of the vaults under this tower. Tradi-
tion says it was put there by the Old Ones
who built this city, and of whose science
we are the unworthy heirs.” Rupin-Sang
bowed and touched his forehead as h£ men-
tioned the Old Ones. “The Prophecy
states that the day will come when a red-
skinned man and a dark-haired woman and
a ruddy, bearded giant will come together
to the city from afar, and that within a
month thereafter the Golden City of Larr
will crumble and return to the dust.”

  “But surely you don't take such old
legends seriously!” Gerry said. The old
man smiled.

  “My head tells me not to, but supersi-
tion is strong in we of Savissa. However
—I can take comfort from the fact that the
old legend also prophecies a rebirth for
Savissa after the great catastrophe. But
enough of this talk of portents and legends!
I give you welcome to Savissa, and to the
city of Larr. Also, I thank you for rescu-
ing my youngest daughter from the Scaly
Raiders. Whence come ye?”

  Gerry sketched in hasty phrases the out-
line of present conditions on Earth and
Mars, and told of their trip through space
to Venus in the Viking. Rupin-Sang
nodded without showing any particular
surprise.

  “And so that’s the story,” Gerry con-
cluded. “We’re curious about some of
your conditions here. The women war-
riors, for instance. . .

  “It was not always so in the land of
Savissa,” Rupin-Sang said with a faint
smile. “In the days of the Old Ones
there was a natural balance of the sexes.
But, as the slow centuries passed, the birth

STORIES

rate gradually changed. Now one child in
five thousand born in Savissa is a male.
The few men we do have are needed for
certain administrative and scientific work,
particularly the supervision of the alta-
radium mines in the mountains from which
we get the raw material for the alta-ray
tubes that are our greatest protection
against invasion.”

  “I saw the tubes on the walls,” Gerry
said, “but why is it that your mobile forces
are armed only with primitive weapons like
bows and arrows?”

  “Because we cannot possibly mine and
produce enough of the alta-radium to do
more than supply the defences of the city
and of the barrier forts. The possession
of the secret of that ray has kept our bor-
ders free from the Scaly Ones except for
isolated raids like the one you encountered
today, but we cannot arm our troops with
the ray.”

  “And the gas-guns of the Scaly Ones?”
“They are a good weapon—but we have
not the materials to manufacture them on
this side of the border.”

  “Sounds like what we used to call a
‘balance of power’ in the days when Earth
was torn by wars,” Gerry said with a smile.
“But tell me one thing more. I notice that
in this land you speak an archaic form of
Aiartian.”

  “The Tempora-scope can tell you the
story better than my words.”

  Rupin-Sang nodded to his attendant, and
a cloth cover was removed from a broad
metal disc that was attached to some kind
of a machine. He touched a control lever,
and the mechanism began to hum. Blinds
were dropped down over the windows, so
that the room was filled with a murky twi-
light. The humming sound grew steadily
louder. Now the metal disc glowed with
a brilliant light. Momentarily its polished
surface clouded over, as though obscured
by a thin fog, and then the mists drifted
aside.

BEFORE them they saw the Universe
as it was in the youth of the world,
when roaring volcanoes were still active on
the Moon and the rings of Saturn were
just drifting out from the girth of that
spinning sphere. It was as though they
were looking out through a circular win-
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENVS	17

dovv somewhere in the sky. The machine
gave a perfect illusion of reality, not
merely tri-dimensional but touching all the
senses as well. They could hear the roar
of new-made satellites spinning off into the
void, and the rush of burning gases. They
could smell the scent of molten rock.

  Then time passed! The planets began
to cool. The mud-flats steamed under a
cloudy sun, the mountains shouldered their
way upward through the tilted and riven
fields. On the edges of inland seaS*, the hot
shallows were filled with slimy things that
crawled with their bellies dragging. They
could hear the ripple of the waters, and the
rustle of warm winds blowing through the
flowerless and fern-like forests. Gerry
could smell the rank odors of the steaming
and primitive jungles. There was a pun-
gent taste on his lips. Once he stretched
his hand out toward a trilobite that seemed
to be crawling up to his feet—and he felt
the coarse surface of the shell before he
pulled his hand back again.

   The picture changed once more, center-
ing on a ruddy planet that swept toward
them while Portok exclaimed at the sight
of Mars in the ancient days before the
planets were built. Men and women walked
its smooth fields, among the flaming scarlet
flowers. Music and laughter and the voices
of women drifted on the scented winds.
But Mars was changing. It was drying up.
Life could no longer be the same. Some
of the people were beginning to draft the
plans for the great canals that were to con-
serve the planet's failing supply of water,
but others took to space-ships and sailed
off into the void.

   Then, for the first time, they saw the
planet Venus as the Martian space-ships
dropped down through the veiling clouds.
They saw those first pioneers of space land
on Venus, and subjugate the natives, and
build mighty cities in the plains. But some-
thing happened to the birth-rate, and most
of the science of the Old Ones was lost
when a series of great quakes swept the
planet. The holdings of the descendants
of those interplanetary travelers of long
ago dwindled to only the city of Larr and
the land of Savissa itself.

  The humming of the Temporascope died
away. The big metal disc again became
2—Planet Stories—Winter

blank. The machine had ceased to function,
and the illusion of the reality of the past
was gone. They were simply in a shaded
tower room with a tired old man who sat
on a carved throne.

   “And that is the tale of the rise and de-
cline of our people, hiziren,” he said sadly.
“Now the sands of our nation run low.

I am half inclined to believe that the old
prophecy will come true, and that this is the
twilight of Savissa and its people. But—
enough of that. Raise the blinds again,
Rotosa, so that we may have light while
we can. And I ask you visitors from afar
to dine with me tonight before you go back
to your space-ship.”

THE banquet table was set on the
ground floor of the Arrow-Tower, in
a room where an open colonnade looked out
on a walled garden behind the palace of
the rulers of Savissa. A carved wooden
table was set with golden plates. Faint
music came from some hidden source. In
the garden outside, night birds sang softly
and there was a constant sound of running
water from many fountains.

   In addition to Rupin-Sang, there were
three of his male attendants and about
twenty women. On this ceremonial occa-
sion they supplemented their usual scanty
garb with long and graceful robes that
gleamed like silk. Thin veils were at-
tached to jeweled circlets. Catching a
glimpse of the sullen discontent on Olga
Stark’s face, Gerry suddenly realized that
the Earth woman was jealous of her own
appearance.

   “Probably hating my guts right now for
making her wear her uniform!” he thought.
“Women are queer!”

   To Gerry Norton, that meal was a peace-
ful interlude between the monotonous
strain of the long interplanetary voyage and
the uncertainty of what lay ahead. Though
some of the native dishes tasted strange
to his Earthly palate, the food was gener-
ally good. Fragrant, heady wines from the
hill country bordering Savissa were served
in colored glass goblets. A sound of distant
singing drifted across the garden.

   Gerry was wondering what disaster had
overtaken the first expedition that had set
out to reach this planet, the space-ship
Stardust that had left Earth over two years
18

PLANET STORIES

ago under command of Major Walter Lan-
sing. Perhaps it had landed in some less
friendly part of the planet and been over-
whelmed by the natives before it could get
away again. Perhaps it had met some swift
disaster in outer space and was now spin-
ning endlessly in the void—a lifeless and
man-made planetoid. In any case, he would
make a thorough search for some trace of
the Stardust before he started back to Earth
again.

WHEN the meal was over and they all
arose from the table, Gerry noticed
that Angus and Olga Stark walked out into
the garden together. It struck him as an
odd combination, for Olga was the one per-
son on board with whom the genial Scot
was not friendly. Then he forgot about it.

  A few minutes later Closana took Ger-
ry’s arm and led him out into the garden.
Colored lanterns hung here and there along
the paths, but most of the light came from
globes of glowing metal that were con-
cealed near the tops of the trees. The
effect was much like Earthly moonlight,
except that the moon was golden instead of
silver. Angus and Olga should have been
a few yards ahead of them, but both had
disappeared. Gerry wondered about it—
and then a dim figure rose up in the shad-
ows immediately before him. A cloud of
choking gas, hurled squarely in his face
from some sort of flask, filled his lungs
with the pain of many fiery needles.

  Gerry crumpled soundlessly to the
ground. He could see and hear what went
on, but otherwise he was paralyzed and in-
capable of sound or movement. For a mo-
ment he thought that Closana was behind
some form of treachery. Then dark fig-
ures swarmed around him, lifting him from
the ground, and he saw the dim light gleam-
ing on gray scales. The Scaly Ones had
penetrated to the innermost sanctuary of
the City of Larr!

  Gerry’s head fell back as they lifted him,
and he could see that Closana was equally
helpless in the grip of more of the raid-
ers. A section of grass and bushes was
swung back on a hidden trap door, re-
vealing a flight of moss-covered stone steps
leading downward. The two prisoners
were carried down, and the door dropped
hollowly into place above them.

THEY were in a narrow and very an-
cient stone passage. Moss and lichens
covered the walls, moisture dripped from
the ceiling. On the floor in the midst of
another group of the Scaly Ones lay An-
gus McTavish, evidently also a victim of
the paralyzing gas. Olga Stark stood near-
by, her long dark hair loose about her
shoulders and an expression of savage tri-
umph irf’fier eyes.

  “Tie them securely!” she snapped to the
officer in command of the Scaly Men. His
long-nosed, brutish face creased in a grim
smile.

  “It shall be done, Mistress!”

  Closana was stripped to her loin-cloth.
A cloth gag was twisted into her mouth,
her arms were tied behind her back. Gerry
and Angus were treated in the same way.
Control of his muscles was returning
swiftly to Gerry Norton now, as the ef-
fects of the gas wore off, but he was al-
ready secured and helpless.

  Grim rage filled Gerry then, but even
greater than that emotion was his utter
amazement. The thing was completely be-
yond his understanding. This was no rou-
tine raid of the Scaly Ones against the
people of Larr, but a definite attempt to
capture him! Strangest of all was the part
played by Olga Stark, who acted as though
she was in command of the Scaly Men.
It just wasn’t possible—but it was hap-
pening.

  The three prisoners were pulled to their
feet. Guards gripped their elbows. At the
first bend in the passage a small waterfall
came down from above and formed a gur-
gling stream that ran in a deep gutter at
one side. The air was hot, and moist, and
heavy with the scent of running water and
fungus growths. Other jets of water came
down from above to add to the trickle of
water until, as the passage widened, a gur-
gling torrent ran along beside them. Sud-
denly Gerry realized where they were.
This was the sewerage system that carried
away the waste of the city’s many flowing
fountains!

  At last they came to the main drain, a
vaulted stone passage where a twenty-foot
stream of black water flowed along beside
the narrow foot-path. Tied up there, look-
ing like a sea-monster in the dim light of
the lanterns carried by the Scaly Men, was
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

19

a metal boat that had only a narrow deck
and a round dome above the water. A
crude submarine!

  The three prisoners were forced aboard.
Their gags were removed, now that si-
lence no longer mattered, but their arms
remained bound and they were chained by
the necks to a steel bar as they sat in a row
at one side of the narrow hull. The raid-
ers cast off, came aboard, and closed the
dome behind them. Motors hummed softly,
and then the submarine ■ moved sluggishly
down the stream.

  At the moment the three of them were
alone. They could see the scaly skins of
some of their captors busied at various
tasks in adjoining compartments, but there
was no one within hearing. After twisting
futilely at his bonds for a moment, Gerry
leaned back against the steel bulkhead be-
hind him and looked over at Angus.

  “Well—here we are!” he said.

  “Aye—so it seems!” The Scot’s broad
face was grim. “I should have known that
black-haired witch had some deviltry in
mind when she asked me to walk in the
garden with her!”

  "But where does she fit into the pic-
ture? How does she get her control over
these scaly devils?”

  “How do I know?” snorted McTavish
angrily. “Ask me some more riddles!
What’s more to the point is where they’re
taking us in this queer craft.”

  “I can guess that,” Closana said quietly.
The girl was very pale, but she smiled
faintly as she met Gerry’s eyes. “This
drain empties into the Giri river, and a
few miles farther along that river forms
the boundary between Savissa and the
lands of the Scaly Ones. We have never
known they could travel beneath the water
this way.”

  “What will happen after they get us
there?”

  “Torture and death. Once any of our
people are taken across into the land of
Giri-Vaaka, they never return alive.”

  “Nice little trip we’re taking, Gerry lad!”
McTavish growled. “Too bad you didn't
bring your cinema camera along I"

THE submarine moved sluggishly
ahead, silent except for the hum of its
motors. As Gerry looked around he could

see that it was a crudely constructed and
makeshift craft. Even so, it was more than
he would have expected from men of the
apparent mentality of the Scaly Ones.

  “Thfc is a funny sort of submarine!”
he said to Angus. The big engineer, who
had twisted around to peer at the bulkhead
directly behind them, growled deep in his
throat.

  “It's funnier than ye think, lad! Look
at this !” McTavish nodded toward one of
the sheets of thin steel from which the
bulkhead had been built. On the edge there
were stamped a few words. The letters
were small, and in the dim light Gerry
had to narrow his eyes for a moment be-
fore he could read them.

U. S. Gov't Steel lVoi*%s
Atlanta, Ga.

  “How in Heaven’s name did they get
that . . . ?” Gerry’s voice trailed off with-
out finishing the sentence. McTavish
shrugged.

  “Ye don’t need more than one guess.
The Stardust must have, been wrecked
somewhere near here, and these devils took
some of her parts to build this outlandish
craft.”

  At last, long hours later, the submarine
came to a stop. As his captors led him up
on deck, Gerry saw that the ungainly craft
had grounded in the shallows on the shore
of a broad river. It was just daylight. A
pale yellow light filtered down through the
canopy of clouds, and a flight of marsh-
fowl was winging by just overhead.

  “Where are we?” asked Gerry.

  “This is the Giri River,” Closana said.
“Savissa lies on the far shore. This is the
land of the Scaly Ones.”

  Some of the reptile men hauled the sub-
marine into a cove and began to cover it
over with piles of reeds. Some twenty
others formed up in a column with the
three prisoners in the center. Then the of-
ficer in command barked an order and they
all moved out along a dirt road that led
away from the river. Olga Stark was
walking beside the first rank of scaly war-
riors. She had not looked at the prison-
ers at all.

They tramped steadily onward through
the dust in silence except for the dull slap
20

PLANET STORIES

of the webbed feet of the reptile men and
the jingle of their equipment. After a
while the officer in command came back to
look at the prisoners. He was a grizzled
veteran with shaggy ridges above his eyes
and the long-healed scars of-half a dozen
old wounds on his scaly body. McTavish
glared at him for a moment.

  “Take a good look, sonny boy!” the big
Scot growled. “What’s your name—if you
have one?”

  “I should tear out your tongue for
speaking in that tone to an officer of Giri-
Vaaka,” the officer said. His voice had the
high pitched and metallic quality typical of
his race, and he bared his pointed teeth
in a not unfriendly grin, “but the torturers
of the Lord Lansa will take care of you
soon enough. I am Toll, commander of a
strikka in the border guards.”

  “Where are you taking us?”

  Toll grinned wickedly.

  “To the palace of Lansa, overlord of all
Venus."

GERRY noticed that this countryside
of Giri-Vaaka was very different
from the pleasant and cultivated fields of
Savissa over which he had passed the day
before. The roads were dirt and half over-
grown. Not much of the country was un-
der cultivation. Strange purple bushes
with thorns a foot long covered much of
the land, crowding close on the patches of
forest where ten-foot ferns towered high
overhead. Sometimes they came upon a
grazing herd of the yard-long giant ants,
who would go galloping away with their
antenna waving in the air and their hard-
shelled leg-joints clicking loudly.

  Depression hung on Gerry Norton’s
chest like a physical weight. It was not
alone the fact that every stride carried them
deeper into a grim and hostile land—pris-
oners whose doom was probably already
sealed—that set him biting his lower lip
till he tasted the salt blood on his tongue.
Nor even the fact that Closana shared the
same fate because she happened to have
been with him at the time of the raid. It
was also the utter strangeness of every-
thing. Yesterday, in Savissa, the people
and the mode of life had been nearly
enough to normal so that he was not deeply
conscious of the strange vegetation and the

other things in which Venus differed from
Earth and Mars.

  Now everything seemed different, and
alien. The lowering yellow skies of Venus
were ominous. The hot winds brought
strange smells tand seemed to carry a hint
of doom. The one thought that gave him
any real hope was the fact that Portok
the Martian had not been captured with
the rest of them. He must have missed
them soon cfter the abduction. There
might be a chance that he and Steve Brent
would bring the Viking to look for them.

THEY had begun to pass occasional
small farms. These were scanty fields
carved out of the creeping masses of purple
thorns, usually with a roughly thatched hut
in the center. On one such occasion the
farmer and his family stood apathetically
at the roadside to watch the patrol of Rep-
tile Men go by.

  “But they’re not scaly!” Gerry ex-
claimed. Closana shook her head.

  “No. They are of the Green Men of
Giri. Once they held this land while the
Scaly Ones dwelt in the marshes of Vaaka
farther west, but the Scaly Ones have now
been masters of this place for many gen-
erations.”

  The Green Men, Gerry noticed, looked
like ordinary Earthlings except for a slight
greenish cast to their skin. Probably, like
the Golden Amazons, they were also de-
scended from the Old Ones who had come
from Mars so long ago. The ragged and
mud-stained fanner gave Toll a perfunc-
tory salute, and then leaned on his hoe to
watch the column pass by.

  The warriors of Toll swaggered along
the road with the insolent assurance of men
who know themselves masters of all around
them. The farmer’s green face was care-
fully expressionless, but there was a gleam
in his eyes that spoke of no great liking
for his scaly masters. When his glance
lingered on Gerry's for an instant, the
Earth-man read a definite sympathy in it.

  They camped that night in a clearing
beside a small stream. One of the guards
shot a giant ant with his gas-gun, then
cracked open the horny shell with his
sword. They cut long strips of the meat
and roasted it over a fire. Though the
taste was peculiar the stuff was edible, and
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS	21

the three prisoners managed to swallow it.

  “The condemned man ate a hearty
meal!” Angus McTavish said with grim
humor, wiping his fingers on the coarse
yellow grass beside him.

  Olga had gone on with a faster-moving
detachment, and only a dozen Scaly Ones
remained with Toll to guard the three pris-
oners. Gerry and Closana sat side by side
before the fire, their bare shoulders touch-
ing. The ruddy and flickering glow of the
firelight touched Angus' giant frame a lit-
tle farther around the circle, and then the
scaly skins and long snouts of the reptile
men watching them. Gerry clasped his
arms around his knees.

  “Y’know Angus, at the moment we’re
living as our ancestors must have lived
long generations ago. No ray-tubes or
dura-steel armor. No portable electro-
phones. Not even a low-speed rocket car
to carry us along. It must have been this
way back in the days when they built that
little old building that's now used for a
museum in New York. The Empire State
Building.”

  “You’ve got your dates mixed, laddie,”
McTavish yawned. “The Empire State
was built in the twentieth century, and
even the people of those queer old days
were more advanced than most of what
we’ve seen of life on this planet of Venus.”
“I don’t suppose those Ancients knew
what they were missing.”

  “Maybe they were better off! At least
they only got into trouble on their own
Earth instead of wandering off to other
planets like a pack of fools as we have!”
Toll and two of his men came toward
them, earning the ropes with which they
had earlier been bound.

  “Sorry, but I must tie you up for the
night,” he said. For an instant Gerry
thought of making a break. If he could
get away he might find some way of res-
cuing the others. Then he decided against
it. One of the reptile men would be al-
most sure to bring him down with a gas-
gun before he got out of the circle of fire-
light, in spite of the greater strength of
his Earthly mdscles. So he shrugged, and
allowed the guards to tie him up again. For
quite a while he lay awake, hoping to hear
the hum of the Viking’s motors, but at last
he fell asleep.

ON the thjrd day of their journey, the
trail led upward, into a range of
bleak and rocky hills. A few mean huts
were the only signs of human habitation.
Then, as they rounded a bend in the trail
which at this point clung to the face of a
cliff, they saw the answer to a mystery
that had puzzled the civilized world for
two years.

  It was the wreck of the space-ship Star-
dust. She lay at the foot of a cliff across
the valley, her steel and duralite hull still
gleaming brightly through the thick green
creepers that had grown up around it.
Even from this distance Gerry could see
the hopelessly crumpled rocket-tubes at the
stern, and the gaping holes where plates
had been ripped away to make the subma-
rine that had brought them out of the city
of Larr.

  “So that was the end of the Stardust!”
Gerry muttered. “I wonder what hap-
pened to her crew!”

  “We'll probably find out soon enough!”
McTavish replied grimly. “I’ll bet all the
gold in Savissa against an empty rocket-
oil tin that we’re headed for the same fate
right now.”

  “Poor devils—I suppose the Scaly Ones
did get them. I never liked Walter Lan-
sing, as you know, but I could have wished
him better luck than this!”

  At last they crossed the hills and saw a
broad valley before them. Dim and snow-
capped mountains notched the yellow sky
on the far side of the Valley. A river
wound through the plain, and on the shore
of the saffron waters of a mighty lake they
saw the gray walls of a city. Toll, the
reptilian captain, pointed across the valley.

  “Yonder lies the city of Vaaka-hausen.
Soon you will stand before the Lord Lansa,
and then,” he added with a grim and
ghoulish humor, “neither I nor anybody
else will be bothered with you any more.”
The countryside immediately around the
city of the Scaly Ones was better kept and
more cultivated than what they had seen
of the rest of Giri-Vaaka. There were
a number of small villages. Then they
passed in through the walls, gray stone
ramparts that seemed to be very old and
were in poor repair. The muzzles of heavy
caliber gas-guns peered over the battle-
ments here and there.
22	PLANET

  The crowds in the streets stared cu-
riously as Toll led his prisoners toward the
center of the city. Tall reptile men swag-
gered through the crowds with their swords
slung on their hips, but the shorter Green
Men were in the great majority. Most of
them, men and women alike, stared at the
captives without any particular sign of
emotion. This gray and crowded city of
Vaaka-hausen had none of the atmosphere
of pleasant friendliness that Gerry had no-
ticed in Larr. It seemed a place of fear
and oppression.

THE palace of the ruler of the Scaly
Ones was a squat gray building in the
center of the city. An arm of the river
swept along beneath one wall, with the
muddy waters lapping at the aged gray
stones. An iron gate swung aside to let
the newcomers into the courtyard. Men
who wore black metal breast-plates over
their scales took over the prisoners from
Toll, leading them down a long flight of
stairs into the dungeons beneath the pal-
ace. They waited in a vaulted chamber
where the only light was a shaft of yellow
radiance that came from a narrow slit
high up near the ceiling.

  “It won’t be long now!” Gerry mut-
tered.

  Then a gong sounded somewhere near-
by. It was a very resonant and deep-
throated gong, and instantly the rock-
walled chamber became filled with a green
light. It had no visible source, seeming
to come from the walls or from the very
air itself. Again the gong rolled.

  "The Lord Lansa comes!” barked the
captain of the guards, “the overlord of
Venus is at hand. Down on your knees,
captives and slaves.”

  Closana went to her knees, though oth-
erwise holding herself proudly erect with
her hands tied behind her back. In the
greenish light her long blonde hair looked
like molten gold. Angus McTavish mut-
tered savagely in his beard and stayed on
his feet. Instantly one of the reptile
guards drew his sword and held the blade
horizontally behind the Scot’s knees.

  “Kneel—or I cut the tendons!” he
snapped.

  “Come down, you stiff-necked idiot!”
Gerry growled. With a muttered oath

STORIES

Angus dropped to his knees, and the guard
stepped back into line.

  Then the door opened, and three men
came slowly intoSthe room. Two were
gray-scaled guards who carried their gas-
guns cocked and ready. The third was a
tall man in a loose green robe. His head
was hooded, so that nothing of his face
could be seen at all, his hands were tucked
in the sleeves of his robe. There was some-
thing deadly and almost grotesque about
that silent figure. Gerrv knew that at last
he was in the presence of Lansa. Lord of
the Scaly Ones and ruler of Giri-Vaaka,
self-styled Overlord of all Venus!

THE seconds passed in silence. The
guards were frozen motionless at at-
tention. At last Lansa spoke, his voice
coming hollowly from the shadows of his
hood.

  “Take them to the cells. Their doom
shall be decided when the Serpent Gods
have spoken. I have ordered it!”

  The tyrant of Venus gestured sharply,
and the guards closed in about the pris-
oners. For a fleeting instant Gerry had a
glimpse of a thin green hand, a hand where
the finger was missing at the second joint.
Then Lansa went out and the door closed
behind him. The deeply resonant gong
sounded again, and the pulsating green light
instantly vanished so that there was again
no light except for the thin trickle of yel-
low radiance that came in the single high
window. The prisoners were pulled to their
feet.

  There was no chance to speak to Angus
or Closana again. Gerry’s guards led him
down a narrow corridor, past the steel
doors of cells. It was very dim and si-
lent. From some of the cells he heard a
faint rattle of chains, from others a low
groaning. Otherwise there was no sound
but their own footfalls. At last the guards
opened the door of a cell, pushed Gerry
inside, and cut the ropes that bound his
arms. As they slammed the heavy steel
door behind them he heard the rasp of
bolts. Then the slapping tread of the
guards’ webbed feet died away and he was
left alone.

  Dim as the light in the corridor had
been, that in the cell was so much less that
Gerry had to wait half a minute before he
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

23

could see at all. Then he made out the
outlines of a small, bare cell with a bunk
made of a light and flexible metal at one
side. There was nothing else in the place.
Gerry rubbed his wrists a moment to re-
store circulation, then sat down on the
edge of the bunk and dropped his head in
his hands.

  He seemed to be about at the end of his
trail. Well—that was fate. He did not
mind so much for himself and Angus.
You knew you were taking risks when you
signed up for interplanetary travel in the
first place! But he was sorry that Cl°sana
had been dragged into it.

  Gerry had now lost all hope of rescue
by the Viking. He did not doubt that her
duralite hull could withstand the explosive
bullets of even the heaviest caliber gas-
guns, nor that her three-inch ray-tubes
could blast a way into these underground
dungeons in a few minutes. If only Steve
Brent knew where to come! That was the
rub. There was now no way for Brent to
learn where the prisoners were being held,
and he could not search all the land of
Giri-Vaaka.

  Something small and furtive was moving
about on the floor a few feet away. Gerry
scuffed his feet on the stones, and the crea-
ture scampered quickly away. Probably a
rat! It seemed that he was going to have
pleasant company during his stay in this
place.

  Restless and gloomy, Gerry stood up
again. He started to walk up and down
the few feet that the length of his cell
allowed him. Then he froze motionless!
A faint tapping was sounding from some-
where to his left. Someone was knocking
lightly on the wall of the adjoining cell.
Then a voice spoke softly in Martian.

  “You there ! You in the next cell! Can
you here me?”

GERRY knelt down on the damp floor
and put his head close to the base
of the wall. Now he could hear the man
more clearly, could even hear his heavy
breathing. Gerry’s groping fingers found
a place between two of the stones where
the mortar had been picked away to leave
a small air space.

  “Yes, I hear you!” he called softly. He
heard a dry chuckle.

  “Good! I have been waiting a long
time for them to put someone in the next
cell. Some of the stones are loose. I will
come in.”

  There was a soft rattle of falling mor-
tar. and a scrape of sliding stones. Gerry
saw the head and shoulders of a man
thrust through the opening, and then the
man crawled laboriously into the cell.

  “Who are you?" he whispered. “Your
accent is not like that of the Green Men
of Giri. Wait, I have a light here.”

  A small flashlight clicked on. Its beam
pointed up into Gerry's face. Then the
man gasped.

  “Good Lord!” he whispered. “It . . .
it’s Gerry Norton!”

  Then the man swung the light so that it
swung on himself. Gerry saw a tall, gaunt
man in the tattered remains of a blue and
silver uniform. It was Major Walter
Lansing, once of the Interplanetary Fleet,
who had commanded the ill-fated Stardust
when she set out on her voyage into space!

  “Norton!” he gasped in a hoarse whis-
per. “Man, I never expected to see anyone
from Earth again!”

  “We thought you were dead.”

  “I might as well be!” Lansing said
grimly. “But tell me how you come to be
here.”

  As they squatted there in the darkened
cell, Gerry whispered the story of the Vik-
ing’s expedition and of his own capture.
Lansing told him how the Stardust had
been wrecked on the rim of the mountains
when landing, and how the Scaly Ones had
captured all the crew.

  “They have kept me alive because the
signs pointed that way when they cast the
omens before the Serpent Gods,” Lansing
said, “but all the rest of the crew were
used as bait for hunting the giant Dakta.
They died. You and your companions will
probably meet the same fate."

  “Pleasant prospect!” Gerry said grimly.
Lansing gripped his arm.

  “There’s a chance, Norton! Listen!
I've been able to get these scaly devils to
bring me a good many things from the
wreck. I couldn’t get a ray-tube, they
were too wise for that, but I did get a
portable radio by telling them it was my
tribal god. I have it in my cell. We’ll
go over and you can phone your ship to
24

PLANET STORIES

come after us.” He eyed Gerry eagerly.
  “Let’s go!"

  They both crawled through the gap in
the wall. It was like Gerry’s own, but it
was piled with an assortment of junk from
the wrecked space-ship. In one corner
stood a compact two-way radio telephone
set with its tubes still intact.

  “Think you can tell them how to come ?”
Lansing whispered.

  “I’m not sure. They marched us along
the roads, and the route was winding,
and ...”

  “I’ll draw you a map!” Lansing inter-
rupted. “You hold the light.”

  While Gerry held the flash, the other
man spread out a piece of crumpled paper
on the floor and began to draw on it with
the stub of a graphite stylus. He talked
as he wrote, in a shrilly, excited whisper.
Gerry had never liked the man in the old
days, considering him excitable and unde-
pendable, and it was evident that the long
captivity had not improved Walter Lan-
sing’s self-control. That did not matter.
The main thing was to get out of this
place. And then Gerry saw something that
stiffened every muscle and made the short
hair prickle all down the back of his neck.
The ring finger of Lansing’s left hand was
missing at the second joint!

THE suspicion that had come to Gerry
Norton seemed impossible. Walter
Lansing . . . the Lord Lansa. It couldn’t
be. And yet—he was sure he had seen
that same mutilated hand thrust out from
the sleeve of a green robe an hour before!
Lansing was still talking as he bent over
the improvised map.

  “Here’s the line of the Giri River. Tell
them to cross by the bald gray hill, then
bear west-six-north, using Venusian mag-
netic bearings. After that ...”

  He suddenly stopped and looked up,
catching Gerry’s grim glance fixed on his
left hand. Hastily he jerked it aside into
the shadows. He must have read in Ger-
ry’s eyes that his move had been too late,
for his own gaunt face hardened.

  “You rat!1' Gerry hissed between his
teeth. His right hand shot out, clutching
for the other man’s throat, but Lansing
twisted aside and jerked a dark object
from his pocket. An instant later a sting-

ing cloud of the paralysis gas took Gerry
in the face, and he fell limply to the floor.

  Lansing straightened up and tossed aside
the flask that had held the gas. There was
a savage gleam in his narrow eyes.

  "All right, Norton,” he said, “we'll do
it the other way. Ho—guards!”

  A gong sounded in the corridor, the
pulsating green light immediately flooded
the cell. Scaly-skinned guards swarmed
in and saluted. Lansing ripped off the
torn uniform, revealing a tight-fitting
green garment beneath it, and one of the
guards helped him on with the cowled robe
he had worn before. He glanced down at
Gerry for a moment.

  “Bring him and the others up to me
when he recovers the use of his muscles,”
he said.

BY the time Gerry Norton recovered
from the effects of the gas he had
been securely bound again. Two guards
led him to the end of a corridor and up
a flight of stairs to the level above. This
was also part of the prison zone of the
castle, but built in an entirely different
manner. Walls and floor were of a pol-
ished green metal. Super-charged elec-
tronic locks fastened each door, holding
death for anyone who attempted to tamper
with them. Metal globes gave a steady light.
Mirrors above each cell door gave the
guards who lounged in the corridors a
complete view of the inside of every cell.

  This, Gerry realized, was actually the
prison used by the lords of Giri-Vaaka.
He had been placed in the old and aban-
doned dungeons beneath as part of the
scheme to lure him into calling the Viking
to her doom. Glancing in the door-mirrors
of the cells as he went by, Gerry saw that
most of the occupants were men and wo-
men of the Green Race of Giri, with a
fair number of Golden Amazons and a
few reptile men who had been guilty of
some crime or infraction of discipline.

  Then he saw Closana! The girl was
tightly spread-eagled against one of the
polished metal walls of her cell, her out-
stretched wrists and ankles held by steel
cuffs. Gerry’s jaw jutted stubbornly for-
ward, and for a moment he twisted help-
lessly against the cords that held his arms
behind him.
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

25

  The guards halted before a door deep in
the interior of the palace, where a pair of
scaly warriors stood on guard with gas-
guns cocked and ready. The opening it-
self was not closed by any door, but by
what looked like a tightly stretched curtain
of some transparent green material. On
closer inspection he saw that it glowed
with a steady pulsation, while occasional
specks of green fire ran through it. When
one of the guards moved incautiously back
so that the tip of his scabbard touched the
green glow filling the door, there was a
crackling hiss. The tip of the scabbard
simply vanished. It was as though it had
been cleanly cut off by a very sharp knife.

  A challenge came from within, and one
of Gerry’s guards shouted a reply. The
green glow suddenly vanished from the
doorway. Whatever elemental force it was
that blocked the passage had been with-
drawn, and they walked freely in through
the opening.

THE wide room before them was
walled with slabs of polished black
marble. The figures of writhing snakes
and rearing reptiles were inlaid into the
black walls with some iridescent green
stone. Their eyes were inlaid jewels.
Thin trails of pungent smoke drifted up-
ward from their nostrils. A low and throb-
bing music, full of the thunder of muted
drums, came from unseen source. At reg-
ular intervals around the walls stood tall
golden standards with glowing globes atop
them.

  This was the throne room of Lansa,
Lord of Giri-Vaaka, who had once been
an officer in the flying forces of Earth.
The man himself sat on a black marble
throne with a dozen of the higher officers
of his scaly warriors grouped around him.
These Inner Guards wore breast-plates and
helmets of a bright green metal, and their
pointed ears protruded upward through
twin openings in the sides of the helmets.

  Lansa’s swarthy face was gloatingly tri-
umphant. It had always been Gerry Nor-
ton’s private opinion that Walter Lansing
was slightly mad. Brilliant in many ways,
but definitely unstable. At last he appeared
to have slipped over that shadowy border
that divides the rational from the insane.

  ‘‘It is unfortunate that my little scheme

to have you summon your space-ship here
did not work,” Lansa said in English.
“But we will find some other way of per-
suading you to do it.”

  “You think you’re quite the little tin
god, don’t you?” Gerry sneered.

  “I am a god—to these people,” Lansa re-
plied quietly. “Though the Stardust was
damaged too badly to return to earth, little
of her equipment was harmed except for
the rocket tubes themselves. Within six
months after landing I had made myself
master of these primitive but obedient peo-
ple. The submarine that brought you
from the city of Larr shows what can be
done with them. In the meantime I had
communicated with friends on Earth by
means of a secret radio frequency, and
waited for the sending of the next space-
ship. . .

  He broke off as a door behind the
throne opened and a woman came into the
room. It was Olga Stark, now wearing
a long gown of shimmering green. Metal
strands of the same color were braided into
her dark hair, which was crowned by a
circlet bearing the design of a rearing ser-
pent. All the officers and courtiers lifted
their arms in salute. The woman walked
over and stood beside Lansa’s throne, look-
ing down at Gerry with a cold and imper-
sonal scorn. It had not taken Olga Stark
very long to fit herself into the role of the
queen of Giri-Vaaka!

A NUMBER of things were clear to
Gerry Norton now! It had been Olga
Stark with whom Lansing had secretly
communicated after he made himself mas-
ter of the Scaly Ones, and that explained
her insistent requests to join the expedi-
tion. Again, it had been Olga who had
been surreptitiously using the radio to talk
to Lansing that day when Gerry had
stepped into the radio room on hearing the
hum of the generator. They had been ar-
ranging the details of his abduction. Only
—who was Olga’s confederate who had
knocked him over the head when he had
walked in on than that time? There was
still some traitor on board the Viking.

  “I have now developed the resources of
this country to the point where the final
campaign is ready,” Lansa boasted, “all
these reptile men needed was a man of
26

PLANET STORIES

sufficient brains and initiative to lead them.
We are making ray-tubes, modeled on those
aboard the Stardust, and will soon be able
to blast down the guardian forts of Sa-
vissa and to conquer those few other por-
tions of this planet that still stand against
me. Then I will return to the Earth in
your Viking, taking with me enough gold
to buy a vast fleet of ships. There is more
gold available here on Venus than all your
banks on Earth have ever imagined! I
could make myself ruler of Earth with
all that gold, but I will choose another
method. I will bring back the space-ships,
and load them up with my scaly warriors
—and then sail to conquer the Outer
Planets and whatever else may lie beyond
the Solar System!”

  Gerry Norton stared at Lansa in a grim
silence. The man was undoubtedly mad.
Stark, raving mad! No one but a maniac
would cherish such a wild dream of Uni-
versal conquest. He had that dangerous
combination of natural cleverness and dis-
torted values that has often distinguished
leaders who have taken nations into the
shadowy valleys of ruin. For a moment
Lansa hesitated, his narrow eyes blazing
and one ‘arm flung up in a dramatic ges-
ture. Then some of the fire went out of
him, and he returned to more prosaic and
immediate things.

  “But all that lies in the future. At the
moment I must ask you to radio-phone
the Viking to come to this city and land
in the plain just below the walls.”

  “I’ll see you in hell first!” Gerry snapped.
Lansa shrugged.

  “I expected you to indulge in some
such heroics! Your type always does. I
have not forgotten your attacks on my
reputation back on Earth some years ago,
Norton, nor your charges that I was unfit
to command the Stardust. It will give me
considerable pleasure to watch what is
about to happen to you. Ho—guards!
Bring him down to the torture chamber.”

THE place of torture was a circular and
low vaulted chamber. Gerry was led
across to one of the walls, and his bound
hands fastened behind him to a metal
ring. The place was lit by a dim green
light that had no visible source, though in
one spot there was a ruddy glow where

irons were heating in a brazier of burning
charcoal. A bench was placed for Lansa
and Olga to sit on, and four of their guards
stood beside them.

  The torturers themselves had been se-
lected from among the Green Men of Giri,
instead of the scaly skinned warrior race
of Vaaka. They were squat and heavy
men, those torturers, evidently of the most
brutal and debased type that Lansa had
been able to find. One in particular, whose
wide green face was made hideous by an
old scar that had put out one of his eyes,
licked his thick lips in ghoulish anticipation
as his fingers prodded the flesh about Ger-
ry’s ribs and felt the Earth-man’s muscles.

  “Bring in the other two,” Lansa com-
manded.

  All about the room were the tools of the
torturers art. Some were familiar things
that have been used since men first began
to mistreat his fellow creatures—leaded
whips and stretching-racks and cradles lined
with pointed spikes. Others were strange
looking and probably even more horrible
mechanisms of coils and wires and elec-
trodes. Gerry licked his lips. The place had
the hushed stillness of a chamber that has
been thoroughly sound-proofed. Probably
no screams of agonized victims ever pene-
trated beyond those smooth walls of pol-
ished green metal.

  They brought Angus McTavish in first.
He looked like some shaggy red giant,
wearing only a loin-cloth with his hair and
beard all awry. Then came Closana. Her
crossed wrists were tied together before
her by a cord that was held by one of the
guards, and she was very pale.

  Lansa nodded quickly.

  “Let them begin,” said Lansa tonelessly.

  “A suggestion, sir!” Olga leaned forward
on the bench. The glance of her brooding
eyes was fixed on the young Amazon prin-
cess. “Let them work on the girl first.
It will probably succeed more quickly. I
think the man Norton has fallen in love
with that empty headed young savage, and
you know how men are.”

  “You are right. Let it be done that
way.”

  Closana was spread-eagled in mid-air,
her upstretched arms fastened to ropes that
led to the ceiling and her ankles lashed to
metal rings in the floor below. She could
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

27

move nothing but her head as Olga Stark
walked up to stand before her.

  “This will repay for the condescension
with which I was treated in Savissa!” the
Earth-woman said venomously. Closana
looked at her in silence for a moment, and
then suddenly spat squarely in the other
woman's face.

  “Atta girl!” roared Angus with all the
power of his big lungs. Olga struck the
helpless girl twice in the muuth with her
clenched fist, then returned to her seat.

  “Begin!" she commanded.

  One of the torturers tossed Closana’s
long hair forward on either side of her
neck, to leave her back entirely bare for
the lash. The girl’s eyes were closed again,
and there was a thin trickle of blood at
one corner of her mouth. The torturer
shook out the lash, whirled it once through
the air, and then brought it smashing across
the middle of Closana’s back.

THE girl’s whole body writhed convul-
sively for a moment. There was an
instant red welt where the whip had struck.
A low moan escaped between her clenched
teeth. Then Gerry Norton leaned forward
where he stood bound against the wall.

  “You win, Lansing!” he said hoarsely,
“stop it! Make them leave her alone and
I’ll do as you say.”

  “I thought you would,” the renegade of-
ficer said sottly. There seemed to be a
definite disappointment in his cruel eyes.
“I will have the radio set brought here and
you can call the ship right now.”

  “Have them lower the girl down.”

  “She stays where she is until you have
finished.”

  The portable radio-phone from the
wrecked Stardust was brought in and set
up on a stand immediately in front of
Gerry. Olga set up the sigmoid antenna
on its duralite frame, and twisted the dials
to the space-ship’s wave length. Then she
took the transmitter.

  “Calling Steve Brent on the Viking!
Calling Steve Brent on the Viking! Please
come in!” she repeated over and over.

  At last the answering signal lit up, and
Steve’s familiar voice came from the re-
ceiver.

  “This is Steve Brent. Who is calling?”

  Olga held the transmitter before Gerry’s

mouth. Lansa nodded to one of the tor-
turers, who drew a white hot iron from
one of the braziers and held it a littlff way
from Closana’s face.

  “One false word and that iron goes into
the girl’s eyes,” the Lord of Giri-Vaaka
warned in a low hiss. “After that, all of
you will live in agony for weeks before
we have finished. Tell him to land near
the city and bring all but a single watch-
man to the east gate where they will be
well received.”

  “Hello Steve. This is Gerry Norton!”
Gerry said. Brent’s voice shook with ex-
citement.

  “Jumping ray-blasts, chief, we all
thought you were done for! Where did
you go? What happened? Where are
you now?”

  “I’m being well entertained in the city
of Vaaka-Havson. These Scaly Men are
very pleasant and friendly when you get
to know them. Cross the Giri River by
a bald hill. ...”

  Gerry finished the directions for the
coming of the Viking and the landing of
its crew as ordered by Lansa. As the radio
was turned off, the Lord of the Scaly Ones
stood up with his thin lipped smile.

  “Good! Our plans progress. Now you
three will go back to a cell. And, since
you are no longer of any value to us, you
will be used when we hunt the giant Dakta
on the shore tomorrow.”

THE three prisoners were placed in the
same cell, all spread-eagled against the
wall with their outstretched arms held by
metal cuffs. Angus McTavish’s face was
sour and glowering as he turned to Gerry.

  “That was an ill thing that ye did, Gerry
Norton,” he growled.

  “I could not see them whip her any
more.”

  “The three of us will probably meet as
bad a fate soon anyway, from what that
thin faced devil said at the end, and, mean-
while, ye’ve lured our comrades to deduc-
tion.”

  “It couldn’t be helped,” Gerry said, and
closed his eyes. He had taken what was
probably the longest chance of his career,
and he was not in a mood to talk about
it. Particularly when every faintest syl-
lable uttered in one of these metal cells
28	PLANET STORIES

could be heard by the guards in the corri-
dor outside!

  There was little rest for any of them,
chained in that awkward position and with
the cell always filled with that pitiless green
light. Gerry dozed fitfully from time to
lime. Closana seemed to have fallen
asleep, drooping forward in her bonds with
her head hanging low, but her long hair
covered her face and it was hard to tell.
Angus made no attempt to sleep at all, and
for most of the intervening time he was
muttering many tongued curses into his
beard.

  At last they were freed from their
chains. They were given water in metal
cups, and a bowl of some kind of stew to
eat. For perhaps an hour they rested and
eased their stiffened muscles. Then more
guards came and bound their hands behind
them and took them away.

  It was again broad daylight when they
were taken out into the streets of the city,
the peculiarly yellow daylight that filtered
through the cloudy canopy overhead. The
three prisoners were surrounded by a heavy
guard of reptile men who marched them
across the city and out through a gate in
the far wall. Here a broad plain swept
down to the waters of a saffron colored
lake, a sheet of water so vast that its far
shore was no more than a dun line along
the horizon. A sort of grandstand had
been erected along one side of the plain.

  ‘'I think I begin to understand the point
of this little game!” McTavish muttered,
squinting as he peered ahead, “and I don't
fancy the idea at all.”

  “I don’t get what you mean?”

  McTavish snorted.

  ‘‘Did ye never see a piece of cheese in
a mouse-trap?”

  Then Gerry himself began to under-
stand, On a broad platform before the
grandstand stood a line of men armed with
gas-guns. Some were gray scaled officers
of the fighting forces, and others were
dandified Green Men of the decadent
minority that had fawned upon and min-
gled with their conquerers. In the flat
and marshy expanse of the plain before
them there had been driven a number of
short but heavy stakes like tent pegs, each
with a metal ring set in the top. There
were long rows of them. Gray scaled

guards were busy fettering prisoners to
the pegs, making them fast by tying to
the metal ring the other end of the long
cord with which their hands were tied be-
hind them. The hunters and the audience
were ready, the bait was being prepared.

  Closana was a few feet away from
Gerry, fastened to the next stake. She
stood erect, her shoulders drawn back by
the strain of her bonds and her long hair
blowing in the wind.

  “This is the end, Geree,” she said, “if
not today, then tomorrow or the next day.
This was the tale told in Larr of what
happens to the prisoners of the Scaly Ones,
but I never believed it till now.”

THERE were sixty or eighty prisoners
fastened in the field to serve as bait
for the giant dakta. About half were
Golden Amazons captured in various raids.
The remainder were men and women of
the Green People of Giri, prisoners con-
demned to death hy the grim and ruthless
tribunals of the Scaly Ones. Now a dozen
attendants carrying leather buckets ran
up and down the lines of the captives,
splashing each victim with a dipper full
of a purple colored and very pungent oil.

  “Now what’s the game?” Gerry mut-
tered. Angus bent his head to sniff at the
heavy liquid trickling down his hairy chest.

  “It smells like a harlot’s dream!” he
muttered sourly, “probably intended to
make us more attractive to whatever kind
of creature it is that’s coming after us!”,

  The attendants had hurried away with
their buckets of oil, and now the crowds
in the grandstand and on the plain settled
down to wait. They were in holiday mood,
laughing and talking in their shrill voices.

  Then a black dot appeared high up in
the sky. A murmur of anticipation ran
over the crowd. The dakta came plum-
meting earthward as its super-keen senses
saw and smelled the attractive bait wait-
ing below. The thing, as it came near, was
like some figment from a night-mare. It
had a reptilian body between a twenty-foot
spread of leathery wings, and a long beak
with a double row of pointed teeth. One
of the things that Gerry had seen flying
over that lonely sea when he first brought
the Viking down through the canopy of
clouds that covered the planet of Venus!
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS	29

  “So that is a dakta!” Angus muttered,
“bonny little creature!”

  The winged lizard checked its flight
momentarily some ten feet off the ground,
directly above one of the captive' Ama-
zons. Then he dove down. The girl
screamed and twisted away to the length
of her tether, and the toothed beak just
missed her. The first of the hunters fired
as the dakta whirled and lashed out again,
but the bullet exploded off to one side.

  Gripping the writhing Amazon with his
beak and his clawed feet, the dakta flapped
his great wings and soared upward again.
Two more of the hunters fired together.
One of the explosive bullets missed en-
tirely, the other blew one of the girl’s legs
to pieces but did not harm the monster that
held her.

  Then Lansa tossed aside his green robe
and stood up. Gerry saw that he held a
ray-tube, either one from the Stardust or
one of the new ones he now claimed to
be able to make in Giri-Vaaka. The tube
slanted upward. Murky light played
around its muzzle. The dakta gave a shrill
and almost human scream. Then it dropped
its mangled victim and fell twitching to
the ground. Its leathery skin was turned
black where the ray-blast had struck it.
Along the edge of the field, the close packed
crowds broke into wild cheering and Lansa
acknowledged it with a condescending ges-
ture of one upraised arm.

  The hunt went on. Sometimes the dakta
came singly, sometimes in pairs. The hunt-
ers had the range better now, and dropped
them consistently. On several occasions
the flying lizards were brought down be-
fore they had time to seize a victim at all,
but most of the time one of the prisoners
was killed or mortally wounded before the
dakta was slain. A Green Man tethered
to the stake next beyond Closana had been
ripped about the throat by the raking teeth
of a dakta’s bill, and was breathing with
a sort of gurgling moan as he bled to death.
So far, that was the nearest that one of
the flying lizards had come to Gerry or his
two companions.

  And then Gerry saw the thing for which
he had been watching. There was a streak
of fire along the eastern horizon. The
blast of speeding rocket tubes! A cigar
shaped hull of gleaming blue and silver

came streaking across the saffron sky with
a trail of smoke behind it. The Viking
had come!

A SWELLING uproar came from the
crowds which began to mill about in
confusion. Lansa had risen to his feet
and was peering upward with one hand
raised to shade his eyes. Yellow flames
played about the Viking’s bow as the re-
verse rockets checked her momentum. A
pair of swooping dakta veered away from
her, then dropped down toward the bait
tethered below. One of them was headed
straight for Angus McTavish.

   Instantly one of the forward ray-guns
on the space-ship glowed into life, and
the winged lizard crumpled in mid-flight.
Gerry knew then that someone on board
had been looking down through the pow-
erful viewing glasses, and had recognized
him and Angus. He shouted hoarsely,
knowing he would not be heard but unable
to keep silent.

   Drums were throbbing a swift alarm,
and the milling crowds were in wild con-
fusion. Companies of the scaly warriors
were firing by volley, but the explosive
bullets only flashed harmlessly against the
Viking’s duralite hull. Some of the heavier
gas-guns set on the battlements above
hissed into life then, but even the larger
caliber explosives could make no impres-
sion on tempered duralite. With her ray-
guns flashing and ripping black swathes
in the scaly ranks below, with her heli-
copters spinning to take the strain as the
blast of the rockets died away, the Viking
settled rapidly groundward.

   “By Lord, Steve came a-fightin’!” Mc-
Tavish roared.

  “Of course, you old goat!” Gerry
shouted back, “did you really think I’d call
the ship into a trap? You’re as bad as
that maniac who calls himself Lansa. I
knew that if I spoke too strongly of what
nice fellows these scaly devils are, Steve
would have the sense to know that I was
under pressure and in a trap.”

  And then came swift disaster! Over
the edge of the nearest black and battle-
mented wall of Lansa’s palace thrust the
muzzle of a large caliber ray-gun. Steve
Brent saw it, too, and tried to lift the nose
of his ship to bring his own guns to bear
30

PLANET STORIES

on this new menace, but he was too late.
The muzzle of the ray-gun on the battle-
ments glowed dully, the blast of the supode-
rays struck the row of spinning helicopters
on top of the Viking’s hull. The blades
of the big propellors went spinning into
space, their shafts bent and crumpled like
straws in a gale. Robbed of their sup-
port, essential when lacking rocket power
of at least 300 miles per hour, the space-
ship plunged downward like a falling star.
She struck the waters of the lake with a
mighty splash. Spray dashed as high as
the walls of Lansa’s castle, and when it
was gone the space-ship had vanished.

GERRY NORTON stood motionless.
He was staring at the muddy and
foam flecked waters of the lake, and at
the spreading ripples that still beat on the
shore as the effect of that mighty splash
subsided. At the moment he felt old and
tired and defeated, his brain numbed. The
Viking was gone! Freckled Steve Brent,
and the cheerful Portok, and all the rest
of them were gone. Buried deep in the
muddy bottom of a Venusian lake.

  The second expedition from Earth to
this cloud-veiled and ill-fated planet had
also ended in disaster. In the future the
Viking would be classed with the Stardust
—simply another luckless space-ship that
sailed away into the void and vanished.
The men of her crew and what they tried
to accomplish would be forgotten, their
names would only remain on some yellow-
ing record buried in the maze of govern-
ment files. So deep was CJerry Norton’s
bitter brooding that he scarcely heard the
words Angus McTavish was shouting in
his ear.

  “Come on, Gerry lad! Let's get away
while there’s all this confusion.”

EVER since they had been brought to
this field beside the lake, Angus had
been working at his bonds. He was a very
strong man anyway, and the swell of his
earthly muscles was far greater than the
strength of any of the races that the Scaly
Ones were accustomed to making prison-
ers. While the attention of all the guards
was absorbed in the appearance and sub-
sequent wreck of the Viking, Angus had
managed to snap his own bonds and was

now unhurriedly freeing Gerry’s wrists.

  Gerry ran to Closana and untied her
hands, while Angus freed the nearest other
prisoner who was a stocky and broad shoul-
dered Green Man with a heavily lined face.
As soon as his hands were free, the latter
wheeled to face them.

  “My thanks, hiziren!” he panted, “now
go while you can. You are more easily
spotted in a crowd than I. Hurry! I will
free as many of these others as possible.
Get into the city, and try to reach the place
men call ‘The Square of the Dragon.’ Say
that Sarnak sent you. Hurry!”

  Even though he was carrying Closana
in his arms, Gerry’s Earthly muscles al-
lowed him to run in mighty six-foot
bounds. Angus went leaping along before
him. So great was the confusion that they
were half way across the plain to the city
before anyone noticed them at all. Then
a shouting officer of the Scaly Ones threw
himself in front of them with his drawn
sword in his hand.

  The big engineer roared like an angry
bull, and leaped clean over the man. Be-
fore the scaly warrior could turn the Scot
had him from behind. An instant later
Angus had the sword and was racing ahead,
while the Venusian lay sprawled in the
mud with his neck broken and his long
head twisted grotesquely awry.

   The hal f dozen guards posted in the arch
of the gate stared indecisively at the white
skinned trio racing toward them. Angus
had a sword in each hand by this time, and
he leaped at the guards with a shout. The
fugitive broke through the line of swords-
men by sheer momentum and dashed into
the city. There was no pursuit. The first
of the panic stricken throng rushing back
for the shelter of the city reached the gate
a moment later, and the guards were
swamped by a jostling mob of mingled
Scaly Ones and Green Men.

  Gerry and his two companions darted
into the nearest of the many narrow alleys
that twisted about this part of the city.
They dodged from one dingy thoroughfare
to the next. When they met a woman of
the Green People, Gerry unceremoniously
tore off her robe and shielding veil and
flung them to Closana to hide her own
tawny skin and golden hair. Later, when
he and Angus had also disguised them-
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

31

selves in the rough garments worn by the
poorer folk of this city of Vaaka-hausen,
they were able to walk quietly down the
streets without fear of detection unless
they met a patrol at dose range.

  At last they came to a dingy plaza that
was surrounded by ramshackle buildings
of great age. It had probably once been
a prosperous and fashionable part of the
city, centuries ago, before the Scaly Ones
overran the land of Giri. Now grass grew
up between the paving stones, and the roofs
of the dingy buildings sagged close to the
breaking point, and piles of festering rub-
bish lay along the gutters. The place was
a slum of the sort that had not existed on
the more enlightened planets of Earth and
Mars for many generations. A canal
flowed along one side of the square, and
in the center of the plaza stood the eroded
and ancient black marble statue of a rear-
ing dragon.

  “This must be the place!” Angus mut-
tered from the shadows of the hood that
he had drawn up over his head.

AS they hesitated, a few people peered
furtively out at them from the broken
windows and sagging doors of the houses
around the square. Then a man came to-
ward them. He was bent and crippled, a
beggar wearing filthy rags. His matted
hair hung down over his eyes, and his
whole body seemed covered with the caked
filth of one who had never thought of
washing. As the man came forward with
a sort of limping shuffle, Gerry instinc-
tively laid his hand on the hilt of the sword
he carried concealed under his cloak, while
Closana drew the concealing veil more
closely over her face.

  “Alms, hisiren! A little charity of your
generosity!” the beggar whined as he came
closer.

  “What place is this?” Gerry asked, try-
ing to give his voice the soft tone and lisp-
ing accent characteristic of the Green Men.

  The beggar limped a little closer and
peered up into the shadows of Gerry’s
hood. What he saw seemed to satisfy
him.

  “Take your hand from your sword hilt,
friend!” he said in a low voice quite unlike
his previous whine, “what place do you
seek?”

  “The Place of the Dragon.”

  “This is it. Who sent you ?”

  “Sarnak sent us.”

  “It is good.” The beggar pointed down
a flight of worn stone steps that led to the
canal whose surface was some eight or
ten feet below the level of the plaza. “Go
down there, below the bridge, and tap on
the stone that bears a rusted iron ring.
You will find friends. Go quickly, while
there are no strangers to observe you.”
‘‘Do you trust that man ?” Angus whis-
pered in English as they turned away.
Gerry shrugged.

  “We’ve got to. It’s- our only chance,
We’re too easy to recognize, in spite of
these clothes, to stay free in this city for
long.”

  The black waters of the canal flowed
sluggishly along between slimy stone walls.
Refuse drifted on the surface. The water
itself had a foul and penetrating odor.
Gerry walked down the steps, and then
along the walk that stretched beside the
water at one edge of the canal until he
was under an arch that served as a bridge
to support the street above. The arch was
wide enough so that they were now com-
pletely hidden from the view of anyone
in the plaza above.

  On one of the stones of the arch, at
about the height of his shoulder, Gerry
saw a rusted iron ring. He tapped on
that stone with the hilt of his sword. He
heard a faint click, and though there was
no visible change in the surface of the
pitted stone wall before him he heard a
whispered question:

  “Who knocks?”

  “Friends,” Gerry replied.

  “Who sent you?”

  “Sarnak sent us.”

  There was a low, metallic jingle. A
section of the wall about the height of a
man and some three feet wide swung
quietly inward. As soon as the three of
them had stepped through the opening into
a small room that was built in the interior
of the arch, the door swung shut behind
them.

THERE were half a dozen men in this
low roofed and stone walled chamber.
All were of the Green People, dressed as
ragged beggars but with the bearing and
32	PL.4UVET

appearance of warriors. Drawn steel
gleamed in their hands. Their faces were
heavy with suspicion. One of the men
had gone to stand with his back against
the closed door behind them.

  “Who are you, that come using the name
of Sarnak?” snapped the leader.

  Suspicion became blended with puzzled
surprise as Gerry and Angus threw back
their hoods and the outlaws saw their white
skins. Hastily Gerry told the tale of the
dakta hunt and of their subsequent escape.

  “So Sarnak got away I” the leader of the
Green Men exulted. “Ho! That is the
best news that we of the Dragon’s Teeth
have heard in many weeks 1 All right,
Slag, take these strangers through to the
inner places.”

  One of the Green Men beckoned to
Gerry to follow him down a narrow flight
of steps at the back of the room. It ended
in a circular pool of water like a large
well, the steps going on down below the
surface. Their guide opened a cupboard
built into the wall and took out four glass
helmets. The helmets were attached to
leather pads that fitted tightly about the
shoulders and chest, with straps to hold
them in place. A cylindrical metal tank
was attached to the back of each helmet,
with a tube that led to a valve at the side.
The guide also took out some heavily leaded
sandals.

  “Put on these helmets and then open
the valves,” he explained, “then follow me
down the steps. Be careful not to fall in
the darkness. After w^ get around the
first bend in the corridor below there will
be light.”

  Gerry put the globular glass helmet over
his head, opening the valve as soon as he
had adjusted the straps. The air in the
helmet immediately took on a faintly chem-
ical odor, but it was pleasant and in no
way oppressive. As soon as all of them
were ready, the man called Slag beckoned
and then started down the steps.

  Warm black water rose to Gerry’s knees,
then to his waist. As it came up to his
shoulders he saw the top of Slag’s helmet
disappear below the surface ahead of him.
For a moment the smooth surface of the
water was level with Gerry’s eyes as it
rose around his own helmet. Then he
stepped dow'n into a darkness as black and

STORIES

impenetrable as though he were immersed
in ink.

  Gerry guided himself with his left hand
on the slime covered stones of the wall
beside him. He reached back with his
other hand to steady Closana who was just
behind. All together he counted thirty
steps, feeling carefully with his feet each
time, before the floor leveled off. The
wall curved around to the right. Gerry
followed it, rounded a bend, and was no
longer in darkness.

  They stood in a straight passage that
was lined with blocks of polished stone.
Metal plates, set in the ceiling at regular
intervals, glowed with a greenish-yellow
light that was nearly as bright as the cloudy
Venusian daylight. The place was com-
pletely filled with water.

  It was an eerie sensation! Slag was
standing a few feet ahead, grinning at them
through the glass of his helmet, but now
he turned and w'alked slowly down the cor-
ridor. Gerry followed him, bent well for-
ward as he walked, forcing himself ahead
against the resistance of the water. All
their movements were sluggish and slow,
but the heavily leaded sandals held them
down and gave their feet purchase.

SMALL fishes swam past them along the
passage, their round eyes peering in
through the helmet glasses as they passed.
Clumps of colored seaweed grew out from
the walls and ceiling, their long streamers
waving gently in the slow currents set up
by the passage of the men. In spite of
the brightness of the light from the ceiling
plates, the effect of the water made it dif-
ficult to see far down the passage ahead.
The outlines of Slag were clear enough as
he plodded along directly ahead of Gerry,
but everything beyond him was a little
blurred and uncertain. It was like living
in a mirage.

  At last they came to a point where the
passage branched. Here they passed a
sentry who wore a glass helmet and a tight
fitting green rubber uniform. On his chest
was the insignia of a rampant black dragon.
He was armed with a very thin, almost
needle-like sword whose point was razor
keen. Gerry realized the reason for that
peculiarly designed weapon when the sen-
try swung his sword upward to salute their
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

33

guide. The blade was so thin that it of-
fered little resistance to the water, and its
power of being quickly wielded made it
a far more effective weapon under water
than a heavier sword would have been.

  They passed more branching passages,
and more rubber-clad sentries who stared
at them curiously as they went by. There
was a whole network of corridors in this
underwater world! At last Slag opened
a metal door at the end of the particular
passage he had followed, and they all
crowded into a small room. Slag closed
the door and dogged it, then tapped on a
glass panel across the room.

  A silvery flood of air bubbles came
pouring out the end of a pipe that pro-
truded through the wall. At the same time
Gerry heard the thud of heavy pumps start-
ing to suck water through gratings at the
base of the wall. The water level dropped
rapidly. When it was down to their waists,
Slag took off his helmet and slipped the
leaded sandals from his feet. He mo-
tioned to the others to do the same.

  “We are about to enter the hidden realm
of Luralla, the home of the Dragon’s
Teeth!” he said. “If you can prove your
right to be here you will be welcome.
Otherwise you will go back into one of
these waterlocks—without any helmets on.”
He grinned cheerfully.

THE water dropped below the level of
the door sills. The pumps sucked
noisly on the last few foaming inches for
a moment, and then they ceased. The inner
door was opened by a sentry whose tight
fitting green uniform with its black dragon
was made of dry cloth instead of dripping
rubber. He wore a plumed metal helmet,
and carried a heavy sword instead of one
of the thin water blades.

  “Come in, Slag,” he said, “who are these
strangers ?”

  They were in a sort of guardroom, a
square chamber where glass water helmets
stood in long rows on metal shelves and
many weapons hung in racks on the walls.
The control levers of the pumps were just
to the left of the door. There were half
a dozen uniformed men standing about the
room, one of them bearing the silver in-
signia of an officer on his chest. When
3—Planet Stories—Winter

Slag had given a hasty account of the com-
ing of Gerry and the others, the officer
nodded toward an inner door.

  “Prince Sarnak has just returned. You
will find him in the great hall. Take these
strangers there.”

  The sound of music and laughter, and
the confused babel of many voices, came to
Gerry’s ears as soon as the far door was
opened. They entered a vast hall. It was
low ceiled, as were all the water-locked
chambers of this strange place, but it was
broad and spacious. Heavy stone columns
carved like giant sea-horses supported the
roof. Patterns of seaweed and star fish
and other denizens of the deep were inter-
mingled wth rearing dragons in the painted
designs along the walls. The room was
filled with wide tables flanked by long
benches.

  The men and women who sat at the
tables, or stood gossiping in noisy groups
in corners of the hall, were nearly all of
the Green People of Giri, but there were
a few escaped Golden Amazons who came
flocking eagerly around Closana. In out-
ward appearance these green skinned men
and women were similar to the folk who
lived in the city overhead with their scaly
masters, but there was a subtle difference.
These people had none of the cowed and
subjugated air of the citizens who lived
above ground. There was a different look
in their eyes, a more confident note in their
voices, a firmer set to their shoulders.
These folk had the air of free men and
warriors, not slaves.

  A stocky and merry eyed man caught
sight of them and came striding across the
hall. It was Sarnak, the man who had
been tethered next to them in the field of
the dakta hunt.

  “Welcome to the halls of Luralla!” he
boomed, “we are glad to have you come
to the hidden realm of the Dragon’s Teeth.
Hizlren and comrades, these are the out-
landers from afar who freed me this after-
noon so that I and a dozen more of our
people escaped death at the hands of the
Scaly Ones!”

  “Thrice hail!” roared the crowd, while
a hundred blades flashed in the golden
light. Angus McTavish rung the water
out of his dripping beard.

  “These look like men of spirit,” he rum-
34	PLANET

bled cheerfully, “I think I'm going to enjoy
myself again.”

A LITTLE later, wearing dry clothes,
the three of them sat down with Sar-
nak and his officers at a table in the comer
of the hall. Young girls brought them
dishes of fried sea-urchins, and broiled
steaks of the grappa fish, and other savory
dishes.

  “We who call ourselves the Dragon’s
Teeth are outlaws descended from out-
laws,” Sarnak explained. “Our ancestors
were men and women who never acknowl-
edged the rule of the Scaly Ones when
they overran this once pleasant land of
Giri. I was born in this hidden place, as
was my father before me and his father
before him. We live here in the water-
locked Halls of Luralla, and harass the ty-
rants in what ways we can, and try to keep
alive the traditions and glory of the old
days when the Dragon Kings ruled in this
city and the Scaly Ones were still lurking
in their Vaaka marshes to the westward."
“Does Lansa know of this place?”

  “He knows that the Dragon’s Teeth ex-
ist, as all rulers of the Scaly Ones have
known it, but the location of our hiding
place has never been betrayed.”

  “Then,” roared Angus, pounding his big
fist on the table till the dishes rattled, “why
don’t you revolt? I’ll go with you myself
to strike a blow against those reptile
skinned devils up above!”

  “Count me in, too!” Gerry said quietly.
Angus’ voice had boomed out through
the big hall. It was answered by a lilting
shout as men sprang to their feet. Hun-
dreds of sword blades flashed clear of their
scabbards. Only Sarnak himself remained
seated, slowly shaking his head. There
was a twisted smile on his broad and heav-
ily lined face. His eyes held bitterness.

  “It would only be pointless suicide,
hiziren!” he said grimly. “We number
only about a thousand all together, we
hunted men oi the Dragon’s Teeth, against
the countless thousands of Lansa’s scaly
hordes. It would be different if our coun-
trymen up above could be inspired to a
mass uprising, but the time is not yet. Too
long have they lived under the rule of the
tyrants. They are cowed. They have lost
their spirit, and some of the younger ones

STORIES

have even become fawning satellites of
the conquerors! I f there comes a day when
the forces of the Scaly Ones are engaged
in some major war along the frontier, as
in this suggested assault upon the barrier
forts of Savissa that Lansa is said to be
planning, then we may be able to do some-
thing. For the present we must continue
to lie hidden and bide our time.”

  Gerry Norton was uncertain about his
own course. Now that the Viking and her
crew had been lost, with all hope of a re-
turn to Earth cut off, he felt hopelessly
adrift. Sarnak urged his visitors to stay
in Luralla. The place was a remarkable
engineering feat, completely under water
and with its air constantly re-conditioned
and preserved, but Gerry felt restless and
cramped there. Though the outlaws car-
ried on a constant guerilla warfare with
the Scaly Ones, it was all on a small scale.
Gerry felt that he would rather return to
Savissa, where at least the people were
free and the Amazon warriors kept cease-
less watch on their frontiers. Closana, of
course, was very anxious to return home.

  “Suits me, too,” Angus rumbled, “in
that country they at least show a proper
respect for a man of my attainments.”
“Meaning your whiskers?” Gerry asked.
“Look out, Angus,” Closana warned with
a smile, idly running her slender fingers
along the keen edge of her dagger. “Some
Savissan princess will choose you for her
husband as I have chosen Geree here.”

  “I told you we wouldn’t talk about that
for the present. . . .” Gerry began. Clos-
ana’s hand moved swiftly as a striking
dakta. The keen blade bit through the
cloth of Gerry’s sleeve and pinned it to the
table top.

  ’’You’ll never get away from me, Geree,”
the girl said quietly. Angus McTavish
burst out in a great roar of laughter.

  “Might as well admit you’re licked now,
lad! These Venusian women seem to be
verra strong minded lassies!”

THEY started two days later. There
was, of course, neither night nor day
in the sub-aqueous halls of Luralla but the
outlaws ran their lives on a normal sched-
ule. Sarnak supplied Gerry and the others
with rubber uniforms and complete equip-
ment including the thin bladed water-
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

35

swords in the long feathery scabbards.

  “I will have you guided out to one of
our exits that is a quarter mile off shore
from the place where the dakta hunt was
held,” Sarnak offered.

  “I thought that water was a lake,” Gerry
said. Sarnak shook his head.

  “No. It is an estuary, an arm of the
Great Sea. The chemical tanks on your
water helmets will keep the air pure for
several days travel, and the sentries at the
last outpost will give you trained saddle-
dolphins so that you will make better time
toward the coastal regions of Savissa.”

  Sarnak went with them to the guard-
room at the edge of the water filled pas-
sages, and personally checked over their
equipment.

  “These are our new type of helmet with
the audiphones that let the wearers talk
to each other under water,” he said, touch-
ing the tiny microphones set into the
curved glass. “Well—you had better
start. May the Dragon Gods be with you!”

  They strapped on their helmets and ad-
justed the valves. A uniformed guide
stepped into the water-lock with them.
Sarnak shook hands, saluted, and then
stepped back through the door which
closed behind him. The guide lifted his
hand in a signal, and a second later a tor-
rent of water rushed out of the gratings
to foam about their feet. They were ready
to leave Luralla!

  Again they went through the maze of
water-filled passages, passing occasional
sentries. After a while the character of
the corridor changed. It was wider, and
was arched instead of square, and there
was a carpet of soft natural sand beneath
their feet instead of a stone floor.

  "We come to the last outpost of Lu-
ralla, hiziren 1” the guide said.

  They stepped out of the end of the pas-
sage and found themselves in the open
sea, many fathoms down. A broad and
slightly sloping floor of smooth sand
studded with lumps of coral and clusters
of sea-weed stretched before them. Some
were giant ferns stretching twelve and fif-
teen feet high, others were low and sponge-
like growths. A school of tiny red fishes
shot swiftly past them. Larger fish sailed
majestically by overhead. The top of the
water was a gleaming golden ceiling far

above them, the greenish yellow light les-
sening in intensity as it came down to the
depths.

  The end of the passage was surrounded
by a barrier of piled coral. Outlaw swords-
men stood on guard, also armed with a
sort of compressed air cross-bow that shot
a heavy metal needle with great force. From
a corral at one side an orderly brought
three saddle-dolphins.

  The big fish were equipped with rubber
saddles strapped around the body, and
short stirrups. They were guided by a
bridle similar to that used on Earthly
horses. As Gerry swung up to the saddle
his dolphin bucked once or twice with quick
flips of his tail, then steadied down as he
felt the tight pressure of his master’s
knees. When the other two were mounted,
the officer commanding the outpost lifted
his arm in salute.

  “The Dragon Gods be with you!” he
said. At a distance of fifteen or twenty
feet the sound of his voice was slightly
muted, but the words were perfectly clear
in the ear-pieces of Gerry’s helmet. He
lifted his own rubber gloved hand to his
globular helmet and returned the salute.

THEY rode off at an easy pace, the
dolphins rising above the tops of the
tallest vegetation. Gerry found that it was
easy to sit the saddle as long as he bent
a little forward to overcome the resistance
of the water against his chest. They were
about thirty or forty feet down. On Earth
such a depth would have been uncomfort-
able, but the lighter gravity of Venus made
it easily bearable.

  Gerry glanced back. Closana was riding
a few feet behind him, slender and erect,
controlling her restless dolphin as easily
as though she had been accustomed to such
steeds all her life. Angus was grinning
broadly through his globular glass helmet
as he sat astride a particularly big dolphin
and swung his light bladed water-sword
from side to side.

  “If any of our friends back on Earth
could see us now in some sort of an astral
spectroscope,” the big Scot cried, “they’d
think themselves crazy. Maybe this is only
a nightmare at that! Do you think we’ll
wake up soon and find ourselves safe back
on board the Viking?”
36	PLANET

  “I’m afraid not,” Gerry answered. He
wondered in what part of this vast sea the
twisted hulk of the Viking was now lying.

  All day they rode, roughly following the
shoreline to the northward. Whenever it
got so deep that nothing was visible below
but a vast green shadow Gerry headed
inland until the tops of the sea gardens
again came into view. Sarnak had told
them that by the middle of the next day
it should be safe for them to come above
water and check their maps and put fresh
chemical cartridges in the cylinders of their
helmets. The Scaly Ones patrolled their
coast line in shallow open boats, but they
did not go beyond their own borders.

  Once Gerry checked his dolphin and
then headed downward as he caught sight
of something big and dark lying on the
sand. The others followed him. It was
the broken and rusting hulk of a space-
ship, a vessel of a strange type with a name
in an unknown tongue still visible on the
shattered stern. The wreck must have been
there for a very long time, for the sand
was heaped high about it and sea-weeds
grew up through the open hatches.

  “Leaping ray-blasts!” McTavish said
softly. “Yon craft never came from either
Earth or Mars.”

  “Probably from some far distant planet
in outer space that we’ve never heard of,”
Gerry said. “Some adventurous wanderer
of the interstellar regions who came to
grief in this lonely spot.”

IT was desolate and forlorn, the sight
of that wrecked vessel from so long
ago. It made Gerry think of his own lost
command. There were clean picked white
bones of strange shape lying about on the
sand. Gerry saluted, a tribute to those
strange and forgotten wanderers of space,
and then urged his dolphin to a higher
level again.

  When the dimming light showed that it
was dusk above the water they rode in to
the four-fathom shallows and halted iti a
smooth patch of yellow sand. Gerry un-
saddled the dolphins and tethered them to
lumps of coral where they browsed con-
tentedly on the short vegetation. Then the
three exiles sat down in a circle on the
sand. McTavish stretched his long legs,
bouncing a few feet off the ground as he

STORIES

did so and then floating slowly down again.

  “I’ll never forget this journey if I live
to be older than the whole Solar System
itself 1” he said. “Also—I’m hungry.”
“There’s nothing we can do about that
until noon tomorrow,” Gerry grunted.
“Maybe the fasting will make you lose
some of that surplus bulk of yours. But
I'll admit I could do with some of that
special coffee Portok used to brew in the
ward room on the Viking in the evenings.”
“I’d give a lot for a drink of plain
water,” Closana said wistfully. “Acres of
water around us and nothing to drink!”
When the last of the light was gone they
lit a small lamp that Sarnak had given them.
It illumined a circle some twenty feet
across, a little patch of light in the midst
of the utter blackness of the depths of
the sea. They sat there talking for a while,
then Gerry stretched out on the sand with
one arm hooked around a lump of coral
to hold himself in place. He was thankful
that the waters of Venus were always
warm. It would scarcely have been pos-
sible to sleep at the bottom of one of
Earth's oceans in this manner, even with
the equipment with which Sarnak had sup-
plied them.

  For a while Gerry drowsed. The audi-
phones of his helmet picked up all the
faint sounds of this watery world. A
muffled splash as Angus McTavish stirred
restlessly ... the steady movement as
their drowsing but apparently sleepless
dolphins fed on the fields of sea-weed . . .
an occasional steady churning as some
larger denizen of the deep swam past above
them. Then he slept.

IT was well past midnight by the illumi-
nated dial of the waterproof chronom-
eter that Sarnak had given Gerry when he
awoke. Angus was shaking his shoulder.
The light had been put out hours before,
and there was no illumination at all except
for an occasional flash of green phos-
phoresence where some fish sped by.

  “Either I’m an overgrown sponge,” the
big engineer muttered, “or there's a light
shining through the water off to the west.”
Gerry yawned and sat up, instinctively
starting to rub is eyes before his hands
bumped against the hard glass surface of
his curving helmet. Some of the bits of
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

37

coral around them glowed with an eerie
green radiance, and a tall frond of sea-
weed had tiny specks of light on the tips
of its constantly waving leaves. Then, far
off to the left, Gerry caught a faint glow.

  It was hard to tell what kind of a light
it was, so great was the refraction of the
water, but there was something there. It
was little more than a lessening of the
deep gloom that otherwise surrounded them
on all sides. Gerry got to his feet and
picked up his rubber saddle which he had
been using as a pillow under his helmet.

  “We'd better investigate,” he said.
“Wake Closana.”

  They saddled their dolphins and rode out
at an easy pace, holding the big fish down
with a tight rein. As they rode the glow
ahead of them became more definite. It
seemed to come from a long row of twenty
or more lights. Then they were near
enough -to see each other in the reflected
glow.

  “It’s some kind of a ship,” Gerry said.
“Those lights are her port holes!”

  “It’s more than that!” snapped Angus.
“It’s the Viking! I know the lines of her
stern anywhere, even in this sunken and
God forsaken spot!1'

  The space-ship lay quietly in the soft
mud of this part of the ocean bottom. All
her port holes of transparent duralite were
glowing with the reflected light from in-
side. The twisted wrecks of her helicop-
ters were still visible on top of the hull,
but otherwise she did not appear to be
damaged.

  Gerry was in the middle as the three of
them rode their dolphins up close to one
of the big windows of the control room.
The ship had evidently survived the fall
into the water, for they could see dim fig-
ures moving about inside.

  “I told you that duralite hull could stand
u little thing like a fall into the ocean!”
McTavish exulted.

  As they crowded their finny steeds close
to the glass of the control room window,
Portok the Martian came to peer out. His
red skinned face went pale as he saw them,
and even through the ship’s hull their au-
diphones picked up his agonized cry.

  “Steve! Tanda! I just saw the ghosts
of Norton and McTavish looking in the
window!”

  Steve Brent came into the control room.
He looked haggard and unshaven, and he
was stained with oily grease.

  “What are you raving about, Portok?”
he snapped.

  “It’s no raving, Steve!” the little Mar-
tian chattered, "I tell you I saw the three
of them. The Chief, and Angus, and the
Amazon girl—all riding on some kind of
big fish and peering in that window!”
“You’re going crazy!” Steve Brent
snapped, but he walked to the window. His
own eyes widened as he saw the strangely
clad trio sitting their mounts outside. Gerry
waved violently to him.

  “Let us in, you idiot!” he shouted, for-
getting that the Viking did not carry any
audiphones that could pick up his words.
He heard Steve’s unsteady voice.

  “Maybe we’re both crazy, Portok, but
I think they’re really out there. Open the
outer door to the starboard space-lock.”

A SMALL door swung open on the
starboard side of the Viking’s blue
and silver hull. That small compartment
had really been designed for dropping ob-
jects into the void of outer space, or for
testing the quality of the atmosphere on
any stray planetoids the Viking might have
visited on her journey across the vastness
of interplanetary space, but it would do
for a water-lock in this instance.

  Gerry and the others dismounted from
their dolphins and let the reins hang. An-
gus gave his mount a slap on the flank.
With a flip of its tail the big fish wheeled
and swam off, and after a second the others
followed it. Gerry led the way into the
space-lock and closed the door behind him.
It only took a few seconds for the blast
of the Viking’s powerful compressed air
tanks to blow out the water. Then, as
Gerry unstrapped his helmet and lifted the
big glass globe off his head, Steve Brent
opened the inner door and stepped into the
space-lock.

  “I don’t know if I'm crazy or dreaming
or what, Chief,” he said, “but I’m damn
glad to see you back.”

“You’re sane enough,” Gerry snapped,
“it’s a long story, so skip it for the mo-
ment. I thought you were done for!”
“Not the Viking!’’ Larry affectionately
slapped the laminated duralite shell of the
38	PLANET

space-ship. “She can stand more than be-
ing dropped in the drink from a few hun-
dred feet up. Our problem is how to get
going again. We’ve been able to crawl
along the bottom by using minimum power
of one rocket tube and scaring hell out of
all the fish, but that's the best we’ve been
able to do. Now that Angus is back he
can take over. What do you think about
the helicopters?”

  “I could forge new ones in a week out
of that blue metal they have in Giri-
Vaaka,” McTavish muttered. “But God
knows how we’ll ever get hold of a sup-
ply. Anyway, I think I can reverse enough
of the gravity plates to give this craft re-
serve buoyancy so she'll navigate on the
surface instead of hugging the bottom.’'

  “I never thought of that!” Steve said
admiringly. Angus grunted, and began to
strip off his green rubber uniform.

  “It takes 9 Scotsman to show the rest
of the Universe how to get out of a tough
spot!”

IT was afternoon on the following day
when the Viking’s long hull finally
broke the surface. She lay in the water
like a half submerged cigar, the yellowish
ripples lapping on the curved blue duralite
of her superstructure. The twisted re-
mains of the shattered helicopters were
ugly stumps along the space-ship’s sleek
back. A single rocket tube flamed and
smoked astern, its blast driving the vessel
through the water at a good pace while
her wake smoked and bubbled.

  Gerry Norton opened the duralite dome
of the upper control room and stepped out
on the wet deck with a few of the others.
They were well out on the great sea, with
the green hills of the Giri-Savissa border
a low smear along the horizon to star-
board. This was the same lonely sea they
had seen when they first dropped down
through the clouds to Venus.

  The vast and greenish-yellow waters
were broken by scattered islands, bare bits
of rock that were dotted with blue moss.
Sea birds swooped about them. Lofty
mountains on a distant shore were capped
with snow. In one or two places a narrow
shaft of sunlight struck down through a
brief gap in the canopy of eternal clouds,
but otherwise there was only that subdued

STORIES

and peculiarly golden light in which there
movd only a few oddly shaped birds.

  So much had happened since they first
saw that lonely sea! It seemed as though
much more than a week had elapsed. Sa-
vissa and its Golden Amazons . . . the
arrow tipped tower of Rupin-Sang . . .
the Scaly hordes of Vaaka and the dread
palace of the insane Lansa who had once
been an Earthly officer . . . the secret
and water-locked halls of Luralla where
the outlaws of Giri dwelt—many scenes
went through Gerry Norton’s mind. He
seemed to have aged ten years since the
day he brought the Viking down through
the cloud screen. Well—the immediate
problem was to get some suitable metal to
repair the smashed helicopters. The Vik-
ing might possibly get up into the air with
the power of her rockets alone if they
beached her on a sloping shore with her
nose upward, but she could never come
down safely without helicopters.

  “I'll hold her on this course a while,”
Gerry said. “In the morning we can strike
over and try to pick up the frontiers of
Savissa.”

  It was just at dusk that they saw white
towers against the sky. They rose out of
the sea as Gerry turned the Viking’s blunt
nose toward them—the mighty battlements
of a vast city. Closana, who was standing
on deck beside him at the time, rested her
hands on the rail and stared in utter amaze-
ment.

  “But it isn’t possible, Geree!” she
gasped, “there isn’t any civilization out
there on the islands of the Great Sea!”
“Could it be a mirage?” he suggested.
“A reflection of some Savissan city on the
mainland ?”

  “No.” The girl shook her head. “There
are no cities of that sort in any of these
lands. Geree—there is something strange
here. I do not like it. There cannot be
any city ahead of us there!”

  "But there it is!” Gerry said grimly.
“We can't all be seeing things. We’ll go
closer and get a better look.”

  It was sunset, the unspectacular Venu-
sian sunset which was simply a swift les-
sening of the golden glow from the cloud
veiled sky above. Lights were gleaming
from most of the tall buildings of the tow-
ering city as the Viking drove toward it
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

39

through a quiet sea. Sea birds swooped
low about the ship's wake. The watchers
011 deck could see the low shore line of the
island on which the city was built. Then
they heard distant bells, pleasant bells that
seemed to be chiming a farewell to the day
and a welcome to the night. And then a
red light flashed on top of the tallest build-
ing and in an instant the entire city van-
ished.

ONE minute the strange city had been
clearly visible before them, its grace-
ful towers agleam with lights as they
notched the sky. The next instant the
whole place was gone. There was nothing
in sight at all but a low shoreline. It
was as though a thick veil of concealing
mist had been suddenly drawn across be-
tween the ship and the city. Only—the air
was clear and without a trace of mist.
Gerry Walked across to the open dome of
the upper control room.

  “Cut rockets!” he snapped. “Get some
kind of an anchor overboard. We’ll just
stay right here off shore until morning.
There’s something queer going on.”

  Gerry and Steve Brent leaned on the
rail together, peering through the darkness
toward the island. Nothing was visible in
the faint phorphor-glow that marked the
Venusian night, but they could just hear
a distant singing as of many voices lifted
in chorus.

  “What do you think happened to the
city so suddenly?” Steve asked. Gerry
shrugged.

   “I suppose some mist hid it.”

  “There wasn’t any mist,” Steve said
flatly, “anyway—we could see the low hills
on shore just as clearly after the city dis-
appeared as before. Anyway. ...”
“Listen!” Gerry interrupted.

  Now they could again hear the sound
of bells coming across the water. Half
the time the sound was swept away by the
night breeze, half the time they could just
hear it. The bells were of many blended
tones and notes, an immense carillon. They
were singing some outland melody that was
full of the surge of ocean breezes and the
cries of the sea birds. It rose, and swelled,
and died away again.

   “The city’s there, all right,” Gerry said
slowly. “Though I can’t imagine why we

don’t see any lights with the sound of the
bells that close. But we’ll see in the morn-
ing.”

  “I tell you there is no city,” Closana
said, her voice troubled. "We have often
sailed ships into these waters from the
Savissan coast, and we know that none of
these Outer Isles are inhabited. What you
have heard must be the ghosts of the Old
Ones, ancient phantoms speeding through
the skies. There is a legend that the bells
of their phantom ships can sometimes be
heard off the coast at night.”

  “Ghosts or no ghosts, we’re going ashore
there in the morning!” Gerry said stub-
bornly.

ALL night the Viking rode to a crude
anchor that Angus had improvised
from some spare parts on board. The
space-ship’s designers had never expected
her to lie in water. Most of the crew
were on deck as soon as it grew light
enough to see. Ahead of them, less than
half a mile away, stretched a sandy shore
backed by a line of low hills. The island
had a wealth of the yellow vegetation typi-
cal of the mainland of Venus, so that it
had a more friendly appearance than the
other specks of land which dotted the Great
Sea and were only bare rock, but there
was no sign of life. Certainly there was
no trace of any city! There was not even
an indication of human habitation at all.
As the dawn-mists cleared away they could
see that another range of hills stretched
along the horizon some miles behind. Their
greenish-yellow slopes were clear and sharp
against the cloudy sky beyond, and they
were located well in the rear of where the
city had appeared to be in that hasty
glimpse the night before.

  “Ready the landing party!” Gerry com-
manded. “Full armor and equipment!”
They gently beached the space-ship on
the sloping expanse of sand, running her
nose a little way up above the water level
while the light surf lapped her dripping
sides. Some giant crabs scurried away
across the beach in startled surprise.

  “Want to go ashore, Angus?” Gerry
asked as McTavish’s red bearded face came
up through an escape hatch. The big en-
gineer shook his head.

  “I’ll just stay aboard here and brood
40	PLANET

over my broken helicopters, thanks. My
last trip ashore took care of all my wan-
derlust for the present.”

  Gerry took half the vessel’s crew with
him, leaving the other half on guard.
Closana went with the landing party. With
their armor gleaming in the golden light,
ray guns and other weapons ready, they
tramped up across the loose sand of the
beach. Beyond the shore line was firmer
ground, a field of some low plants that
grew in orderly yellow rows.

  “I’ll swallow my ray-tube if this isn't
a field cultivated by man! Nature was
never that orderly.” Steve Brent muttered.
Gerry shrugged.

  “Lord knows! If we ever get those
helicopters fixed, I’m all for a quick return
to Earth. This planet is certainly no peace-
ful garden of Eden, and I’ve had pretty
near all I want of it. Savissa was the only
place I really liked. I wonder what’s hap-
pening there now!”

  “We’ll know if anything very exciting
turns up,” Steve said. “When we started
out on our search after you disappeared
that night, I left Tanda behind with a
portable radio to keep us posted. Sort of
figured it was our base on Venus, and any-
way there was always the chancc you might
wander back there.”

  “Great planetoids—I just thought of
something! As soon as we get hack to
the ship, remind me to radio Tanda to tell
Rupin-Sang that the Scaly Ones had
learned to use the old sewers, and that he
must either block them off or place a heavy
guard there.”

  For a mile they walked inland, across
those odd fields. The orderly rows of
plants stretched off to the horizon on bath
sides. And then they came to a kind of
level plain. The ground before them was
strange looking, so strange that Gerry
called a halt while he stared down the
slight slope at it.

MOST of the plain was of bare rock,
rock that was absolutely smooth and
level without any sign of weathering at
all. Along the outer edge it was pitted
at regular intervals by what looked like
shallow wells a foot in diameter. Beyond
that zone were many excavations of many
sizes and shapes, all cut down into the solid

STORIES

rock with the sides perfectly straight and
smooth. Gerry took off his helmet and
scratched his head.

  “Now what do you make of that?”

  “I know what it looks like to me,” Steve
said. “It looks just like the foundations
of a city—without the city. Those round
pits are the anchorages of the outer wall.
Those square holes are the basements of
tall buildings. Only—somebody has lifted
the whole city away.”

  “You’re crazy!” Gerry growled. Steve
shrugged.

  “Maybe we all are! Anyway, I’m going
to take a look into one of those holes.”

  Steve walked quickly forward toward the
nearest of the round pits. Suddenly, just
as he reached the very edge of the zone
of bare rock, there was a dull clash of
steel. Something had seemed to pick Steve
up bodily and hurl him backward. He
landed flat on his back on the ground, his
helmet bouncing off and rolling a few feet
away.

  “It hit me,” he shouted.

  “What did?"

  “I don’t know.” Steve sat up and rubbed
his head. “Y’ know, Chief, it really felt
more as though I’d just walked squarely
into a solid stone wall.”

  “It has just occurred to me,” Gerry said
slowly, “that maybe that’s exactly what
you did do!"

  Gerry walked forward cautiously, a foot
at a time, one hand stretched out before
him. When he reached a spot on line
with the place where Steve had been
stopped, his hand encountered something
cool and firm and smooth. It was like the
surface of a highly polished stone wall.
Or a sheet of heavy and invisible glass. lie
ran both his hands over it. The thing was
continuous and solid. There was nothing
visible to the eye, and he could see far
ahead of him across the strangely surfaced
rocky plain, but there was an impenetrable
barrier blocking the path.

  Stepping hack a few feet, Gerry picked
up a pebble and tossed it upward. The
stone bounced sharply back as soon as it
came in line with the invisible barrier. He
threw the pebble higher and the same thing
happened. There was something mysteri-
ous and disquieting about the way the stone
would soar up into the clear air—and then
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

41

sharply bounce back from a point in space
where nothing at all was visible.

  “Magic!” Closana said nervously. Even
the Earth-men of the landing party had
drawn together in a compact group, ray-
tubes ready and eyes alert.

  Gerry moved back a few feet farther,
then hurled the stone forward and upward
as high as he could. This lime the pebble
did not bounce back. It simply vanished
in thin air. And then, from somewhere
off in the emptiness of space above them,
there came the sound of a deep and mock-
ing laughter!

AS though that first laugh had somehow
eased the necessity for a carefully
enforced silence, there came a whole burst
of unseen and eerie merriment. There was
a murmur of many voics. Then it died
away again. There was still nothing vis-
ible, and the silence Was once more un-
broken.

  ‘‘For Lord’s sake, let’s get out of here!”
Portok gasped. “This place is ghost
ridden I”

  “There are no ghosts here, little red-
faced man!” boomed a voice.

  The sound had seemed to come from
somewhere overhead. From the empty
void above, where there was nothing at all
until the cloud canopy was reached many
thousands of feet up. One of the Viking’s
crew bared his teeth in a sudden panic and
lifted his ray-gun to fire blindly upward.
Before he could pull the trigger there was
a blinding blue flash and a crash like sum-
mer thunder. Captive lightning! The ray-
gun flew from the man’s hands and landed
a few feet away, its wooden stock badly
charred and its barrel a glowing mass of
fused metal.

  "Let your weapons rest, for they are
useless here!” commanded that same boom-
ing voice from above. “Whence came ye,
strangers in odd clothing who have trav-
eled in a ship like a blue whale? What
do ye seek here in the Outer Isles?”

  Gerry stepped forward, a few feet ahead
of the group. He shouted that they were
a scientific exploring party who had come
from Earth in a space-ship. There was a
brief period of silence, as though men con-
sulted in whispers. Then the voice called
him again.

  “You there—the leader! The Council
of Elders will talk with you. Go fifty paces
to your right, to where there are two
white stones, and then come forward be-
tween them. Do not be afraid. You will
not be harmed.”

  “Are you going to take the chance,
Chief?” Steve whispered. Gerry nodded.
“I’ll have to.”

  About fifty yards to his right Gerry saw
two white stones. They were set some
twelve or fifteen feet apart, on the very
edge of the invisible barrier. Gerry walked
over, turned left, and then walked squarely
in between the stones. He held one arm
protectingly in front of him, but this time
his hand did not encounter any barrier. In-
stead—he found himself standing under the
arch-way of a gate with a mighty city
spread before him!

THE city had simply appeared in a
flash, with its mighty towers soaring
up to the sky, as soon as he stepped over
the outer line of the arch. Whatever it
was that held the place invisible from out-
side, it had ceased to function for him as
soon as he came within the limits of the
outer surface of the walls. Glancing back,
he saw that his companions were still star-
ing blankly at the spot he had just
quitted. They were evidently unable to
see either him or any part of the city.

  “It’s all right, Steve!” he shouted. “Just
hold everybody there till I come back.”
Doors of heavily carved glass slid noise-
lessly out of recesses within the wall to
close the gate through which Gerry had
just entered. The arch in which he stood
was inside the thickness of the wall, faced
with white marble, inlaid with designs in
gold. Ahead, he could see a broad avenue
that ran from the gateway down through
the center of the city. It was tree lined
and pleasant, thronged with people. Flow-
ers grew in little plots in front of the gold
and white houses. Small furry animals,
dogs, were evidently kept as pets. They
drowsed on the doorsteps or scampered
about the neat gardens.

  Half a dozen men were standing around
Gerry, within the arch of the gate. They
were slight in stature though wiry, with
heads a little larger than normal and ex-
ceptionally high foreheads. Their skin bore
42

PLANET STORIES

a tawny tinge, similar to that of the Ama-
zons of Savissa. Two of them, who imme-
diately took up posts just inside the glass
portals of the gate, wore a semi-military
uniform that included a gilded helmet. The
others wore white cotton tunics and high
leather shoes. It suddenly struck Gerry
that this was the first place on Venus that
he had visited where the majority of the
citizens did not go heavily armed at all
times. Perhaps it was a good omen.

  One of the men stepped forward, a
bearded and gray-haired man who bore a
gold-tipped staff.

  “I am Gool, chairman of the Council of
Elders of Moorn,” he said in the deep voice
that Gerry had heard outside. “The Coun-
cil has decided to see you at once. You
are the first outsider who has been per-
mitted to enter the city of Moorn—White
Queen of the Outer Isles—in countless
generations. It would not have been per-
mitted even now if you had been a man of
this planet. Come with me.”

THEY went up a flight of steps and
climbed into a metal car that hung
from an overhead rail supported by col-
umns along the street. Gool touched a but-
ton, and the car shot ahead at high speed
along the overhead mono-rail. The old
man, who had settled comfortably back on
one of the upholstered seats, was faintly
smiling as he watched Gerry’s face.

  “You are puzzled, stranger?” he asked
at last.

  “Yes. There seemed to be nothing on
the plain but a lot of holes bored in the
rock, and now ...”

  “And now you find yourself in the city
of Moorn,” Gool said. “A knowledge of
dimensional control is one of the reasons
why we of this city have lived in peace
and safety for so many centuries while the
rest of the planet is torn by constant wars.”

  “Dimensional control?” Gerry said
slowly. Gool nodded.

  “Yes. It is hard to put it into language
that will be clear to one who has no knowl-
edge of our science. Perhaps I can ex-
plain it by saying that the human eye is a
three-dimensional organism, and therefore
capable of perceiving only things that fall
into that same category. There are a great
many things in the universe, some of the

greatest importance, that the ordinary
man’s senses are incapable of. perceiving.
We have learned how to cast a protective
screen of fourth-dimension rays about our
city, and the effect is that it becomes com-
pletely invisible to the human eye. Do I
make myself clear?”

  "Not entirely,” Gerry grinned. "But I
do know that your screen works! But,
since your science is so far ahead of the
other people of Venus, why don’t you rhle
the entire planet?”

  “The other races are all barbarians,”
Gool said with a sort of disdainful gravity.
“We prefer to live here in our peaceful
isolation and not bother with them. That
is an essential part of our philosophy.”
The speeding mono-rail car mounted
higher as it neared the center of the city.
The track seemed to end on the blank wall
halfway up the tallest of the buildings, but
as the car came near a circular doorway
suddenly opened just in time to let it
through. They halted in a circular cham-
ber where heavy springs caught and al-
layed the last of the car’s momentum, and
a pair of gold-helmeted guards saluted
Gool as they helped him to alight.

  “The Council is ready and waiting, my
Lord,” said one. Gool nodded over his
shoulder to Gerry.

  “Follow me,” he commanded.

  The Council of Elders of Moorn sat at
a U-shaped table in a high-ceilinged room
whose walls were hung with heavy and
very ancient tapestries. The dozen mem-
bers of the council were all old men, gray-
beards who seemed dwarfed by the high-
backed chairs in which they sat. They lis-
tened with grave attention to Gerry’s ac-
count of what he had seen of conditions
on Venus, but their austere faces showed
no sign of animation when he again sug-
gested that they should intervene in the
planet’s affairs.

  “We are not interested,” Gool said list-
lessly.

  Suddenly the short-wave alarm in Ger-
ry’s helmet buzzed loudly. He pressed
the receiving switch.

  “Listen, Chief 1” Steve Brent’s voice was
tense and excited as it came from the ear-
phones, “I just got a message from Tanda
back in Larr. There’s hell to pay back
there! The Scaly Ones have in some way
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENVS

43

managed to storm one of the barrier forts,
and now they’re pouring over the borders
of Savissa in great hordes. They’re armed
with supode rays, too!”

  Gerry switched off the radio, and leaned
forward with his hands on the carved
table.

  “Now is the time for you to act!” he
snapped. “Lansa is a mad-man. He
plans to overrun all Venus. If you come
to the aid of the Amazons at this time,
it will ...”

  “Our isolation of centuries is not to
be broken,” Gool interrupted. Watching
the emotionless faces of the Council of
Elders, he felt as though he were wading
through mud. He was getting nowhere!
The inertia of these gray-beards was a
leaden and tangible thing.

  “But if Lansa wins he may come after
you!” he urged. “Your walls are invis-
ible, but they're there. I could feel them
with my hands. Now that Lansa has the
equipment to project the supode ray, he
may bring them down and ...”

  “We take no part in what goes on out-
side our walls,” Gool repeated firmly. “We
will give you the metal to repair your
own ship. If you and some of your men
wish to return quickly to the mainland
in the meantime, we will send you across
in our flying cars. That is the most that
we can do.”

HALF a dozen flying cars rested on a
broad platform on top of one of the
walls of the city of Moorn. Many bells
were tolling the noonday chimes as Gerry
Norton led his armored men from the Vik-
ing aboard the compact little flying ma-
chines. There was room for six men in
each car, the pilot and five passengers.
Only Angus and the necessary assistants
had remained behind to repair the space-
ship with the materials supplied by the
men of Moorn. Gerry leaned from his car
to shake hands with Gool, who was lean-
ing on his gold-tipped staff.

  “Thanks for this much help,” Gerry
said. “Next time we meet I’ll tell
you ...”

  “We shall not meet again, my friend,"
Gool said with a half smile. The words
seemed definitely ominous to Gerry, but
before he could say anything more the old

  man had bowed ceremonially and then
stepped back off the landing platform.

  The flying cars of Moorn were shallow
bowls of some gleaming blue metal, oval
in shape and with three comfortably up-
holstered seats. They had no visible means
of propulsion. Curved windshields of
heavy glass protected the passengers from
the air-blast of swift motion, (jerry got
in beside the pilot of the leading car, who
was a slight and taciturn Moomian with
the big head and high forehead of Ids race.
A complicated control board was fixed in
place before him. Closana and Portok
were in the seat next behind, while two
more members of the Viking’s crew occu-
pied the rear seat.

  “Ready?" the pilot asked. Gerry nodded.

  The pilot touched a switch on the con-
trol board before him, and three globular
dials glowed with an iridescent light. The
space-car rose easily from the landing plat-
form, moving upward and outward at a
steep angle. There was neither noise nor
vibration. The city vanished as soon as
they passed outside the zone of dimen-
sional-control on its outer walls. Looking
back and down, Gerry saw only the pitted
rock of the foundations far below. A cart
was moving toward the beach with some
bars of metal for the Viking.

  Then the next flying car came into sight
as it sped out beyond the walls. Its nose
came into sight first, then the middle sec-
tion, finally the whole car. One after an-
other, the rest of the flotilla took off till
they were flying in a V-shaped formation
like a flock of wild geese.

  “What kind of power makes these cars
go?” Gerry asked.

  “Iso-electronic rays,” the pilot replied
shortly, not taking his eyes from the indi-
cator board.

  “And can they be made invisible like the
city ?”

  “Yes. The dimensional-control lever is
here." The pilot pointed at many of the
controls, then again lapsed into silence.

It was evident that Gerry was not go-
ing to be able to have any extended con-
versation with the driver of the car. That
might be due to instructions the man had
received from his superiors, or simply to
his own nature. Probably a combination
of both! These men of Moorn were a
44

PLANET STORIES

cold and self-centered race. Probably they
were an isolated off-shoot of the original
Old Ones who had first settled this planet,
a group who had managed to retain the
scientific knowledge of their ancestors but
had lost the vigor and fire that are found
in active and vital nations.

BELOW them lay the greenish yellow
expanse of the Great Sea. Though
these electronic flying cars of Moorn trav-
eled with a noiseless smoothness that was
the last word in flying comfort, their speed
was much less than that of the Viking at
even minimum rocket power. The pilots
were holding the flotilla down to a level of
only a few hundred feet. The sight of
the vast expanse of rippling waters sliding
past so close below them was a strange ex-
perience to Gerry Norton, who had spent
his life in space-ships that always traveled
at the upper levels where everything be-
low looks like a gigantic patch-work quilt.

  Scattered islands shouldered their way
upward through the sea ahead, and then
sailed past below. So utterly smooth and
noiseless was the movement of the elec-
tronic flying cars that they seemed to be
standing motionless, while a strong wind
blew against their glass shields and the
surface of the planet unrolled beneath
them. It was well into the afternoon be-
fore the familiar mountain ranges border-
ing Savissa came into view ahead.

  Closana was leaning forward on her seat,
her eyes eager and youthful in the shadows
of the steel helmet with which she had
been fitted out from the Viking’s stores.
Then, as the coast line became clearer with
every passing mile, she suddenly pointed
ahead and down to two black dots on the
surface of the sea. The pilot took one
glance at them, and then his hand moved to
the dimensional control lever.

  When they first entered the flying cars,
Gerry had noticed that each one bore a
very realistic appearing metal bird at the
end of a sort of flag-staff that protruded
upward at the bow. At the time he had
thought it was simply a form of decora-
tion. Now he realized that the metal bird
fulfilled a much more useful purpose. It
was outside the zone of invisibility, and
gave all the pilots something to indicate the
locations of the other cars and avoid col-

  lisions. When he glanced back, all he
could see was a flock of birds following
them in a wide V. The flotilla was keep-
ing formation.

AS they soared closer to shore, the two
black dots gradually took shape as a
pair of good-sized surface craft. A black-
hulled raider, manned by a crew pf the
Scaly Ones, was hotly engaged with a
wooden Savissan patrol boat. Companies
of Amazons crouched behind the high bul-
warks of their warship, loosing their ar-
rows in stinging flights. Explosive bul-
lets crackled around them as the Scaly
Ones replied with their gas-guns. The
boat was equipped with a big charging-
tank, for reloading the gas-guns, equip-
ment too heavy to be carried by land raid-
ers but possible here. The tide of battle
was definitely setting against the Amazons.
The bodies of many of the golden-haired
feminine warriors lay sprawled in the scup-
pers or scattered on the riven decks.

  Closana’s fists were clenched as she
peered down at the battle on the seas be-
low. The decks of the Savissan craft were
beginning to smolder, and her arrow fire
was weakening. Closana threw Gerry an
agonized glance, and he turned to the pilot
beside him.	•

  “Is there any way we can strike at that
raider below?” he asked. The Moornian
pilot smiled faintly, and then handed
Gerry a long metal rod that was equipped
with gun-sights and had a sort of rubber
stock. A wire trailed away from it and
was attached to the car’s power plant be-
neath the control boar. It looked like an
odd form of rifle, but the metal rod was
solid instead of hollow.

  “Aim—then press the button!” the taci-
turn Moornian said.

  Gerry brought the strange-looking
weapon to his shoulder and sighted through
a line of rings set in the top. He cen-
tered the cross-hairs amidships on the
black-hulled Reptilian craft, then gently
pressed the switch button set in the stock.

  There was a blinding flash of lightning.
An instant later came the crashing roar of
thunder. Momentarily the flying car
rocked under the buffeting of the disturbed
air masses, then it steadied down again.
On the sea below, the battle had come to an
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS

45

abrupt end. That single blow was enough.

  The lightning bolt struck the sea raider
amidships, with a blinding flash. The metal
hull glowed red hot. Water steamed about
it. The jkfrk shapes of Scaly warriors
went spinning off into the sea. Then the
tank of gas amidships exploded, sending a
sheet of blue flame high into the air.

  The Savissan war-craft rocked violently
on the waves created by the lightning bolt
and the explosion. The surviving Ama-
zons clung frantically to bullwarks and
rigging to avoid being washed overboard by
the sheet of foam-flecked water that spread
over die decks. Then as their craft stead-
ied down again, they looked up into the
sky. All they could see was a flock of
small birds speeding rapidly inland. They
lifted their weapons to the sky in salute,
a tribute to whatever dark Gods had sped
the deadly bolt that wrecked the enemy
craft.

  Gerry gingerly handed the deadly light-
ning caster back to the pilot.

  “That’s an effective weapon,” he said
“If these flying cars can only stay with us
for a few hours after we arrive at the
city of Larr, we can probably break up
the attack of the Scaly Ones and ...”

  “We return to Moorn immediately, as
soon as we have landed you in Larr,” the
pilot said with cold finality. ‘‘Those are
the orders of the Council of Elders.”

DUSK caught them just as they passed
over the Savissan coast line. They
saw the gleaming lights of various scat-
tered towns and hamlets below them. An
hour later the lights of Larr itself came
into view. At first they were only a glow
along the horizon. Then, as the flotilla
of flying cars swept nearer, the lights of
the city began to take on definite form
and shape. Closana was again leaning
eagerly forward.

  “The lights look strange!” she said, “so
many of them are unsteady and flicker-
ing r

  Gerry Norton peered ahead through the
night. His own eyes were narrowed and
thoughtful.

  “Those flickering lights you see are ray-
gutis,” he said at last. “The city is al-
ready under siege.”

  Before attempting a landing as they

came to the Golden City of Larr, the flo-
tilla of flying cars swept in a wide circle
over the city and its surrounding suburbs.
Great fires burned in braziers along the
walls. Other fires had been kindled by the
besiegers. Dozens of cottages outside the
circuit of the city walls were also aflame,
blazing furiously. The whole place was
suffused with a ruddy and uneven light,
and the observers in the flying cars had a
clear view of the scene below.

  Behind the battlements and bastions atop
the city’s walls crouched the Golden Ama-
zons of the garrison, loosing their storms
of arrows at the swarming besiegers below
them. Other tawny-skinned crews worked
the alta-ray tubes that belched blasts of
blue flame at regular intervals. Wherever
the blue beams struck, the ground was
blackened while the twisted and charred
shapes of Scaly Ones writhed in brief
agony. The myriad brazen trumpets of
Larr sounded hasty rallying calls, or else
tossed staccato signals from one part of
the defences to another.

  The hordes of Lansa had invested the
city on three sides, the marsh-land on the
far border of the city protecting that side
from direct assault. Groups of Scaly Ones
took shelter behind tree trunks and mounds
of earth and any other possible cover, fir-
ing their gas-guns up at the battlements
in an effort to lessen the arrow fire. Others
crept forward behind movable metal
shields. Heavy-caliber gas-guns inched
slowly forward behind wooden mantlets
that bristled with arrows, and hurled their
larger explosive bullets up at the walls.
Wherever they struck there was a puff of
yellow dust and a scarred place on the
stones. Reptilian trumpets beat with a
staccato thunder as Lansa kept in touch
with his various divisions. Not all the
advantage was with the besiegers, however.
Even as Gerry watched, a blue heat-ray
struck full on one of the big gas-guns
and blew it up with a shattering crash.

  In all but one particular the battle was
a large-scale edition of the type of as-
sault diat the Scaly Ones had often tried
against various barrier forts in the past.
The difference was that they now pos-
sessed the supode ray, which Lansa had
been able to prepare for his forces. Long
beams of the familiar murky, reddish light
46	PLANET

were continually playing upon the walls of
Larr.

  The effect of the supode rays seemed
to be less serious than Gerry would have
expected. Perhaps Lansa’s ray-guns were
lacking in power because inefficiently made.
Perhaps the yellow stones that formed
the walls of Larr contained some radio-
active substance that partially neutralized
the rays. The walls were crumbling into
powder in dozens of small spots as the
searching beams of the rays found a weak
point or flaw in ijhe stone, but there was
none of the wholesale collapse that Lansa
had probably hoped to achieve.

  The whole scene below was like a ma-
cabre nightmare. The fires flashed and
crackled, and the explosive bullets of the
Scaly Ones twinkled like fire-flies through
the drifting smoke. Red light glinted on
the points of flying arrows. Savissan trum-
pets blared defiance to the thunder of rep-
tilian drums. Most dramatic of all, silent
but terribly deadly, was the duel of the
ray-casters as the red beams of the attack-
ers and the blue rays of the defenders
darted back and forth through the night
like the rapiers of fencing giants.

THE flotilla of flying cars darted down
to the plaza in front of the Tower of
the Arrow. The pilots kept them invisible
until they had landed, lest the nervous crew
of a defending ray-machine blast them be-
fore their identity was known. As soon
as the dimensional-control was switched
off there were cries of alarm, and a few
hasty arrows glanced harmlessly off the
Earthmen’s armor. Then Closana shouted
reassuringly and they were recognized.

  A little later Gerry and a few of his offi-
cers stood with Rupin-Sang on one of the
balconies of the Great Tower. The aged
king of Savissa wore full armor though
in the shadows of his gilded helmet his
face looked old and gray and tired. Be-
side them, a squad of the Golden Amazons
worked a long-range ray-tube that was fir-
ing at the rear areas of the Reptilian posi-
tion. The muscles of the feminine war-
riors rippled beneath their tawny skins as
they swung the heavy controls of the big
ray-machine.

  “They came against one of our barrier

STORIES

forts from the rear, in great, numbers,”
Rupin-Sang said wearily. “I cannot im-
agine how they had managed to get so
many men in behind our lines. . .

  “Probably brought them under water in
that submarine they used when they took
me captive,” Gerry said. “Brought them
through in relays. I should have sent you
warning to block the river channel against
that craft, but I never thought Lansa would
strike so quickly.”

  “At least we had enough warning to
prepare for the defense of the city after
they broke through the frontier,” Rupin-
Sang said. “We called in all the surround-
ing troops. We sent the very young and
the very old, the ill and the crippled back
to comparative safety in the hills by way
of secret trails through the swamps. If
the walls will stand against the new rays
the Scaly Ones are using, we should be able
to hold out for a long time.”

  “The armor of my men is proof against
either rays or explosive bullets,” Gerry
told him, “and our ray-guns are superior
to those that Lansa has been able to make.
We’ll use my men as shock troops to beat
back any particularly pressing attack. Be-
tween us, we can hang on until Lansa gets
tired of the siege.”

  “I hope you’re right,” Rupin-Sang said
gloomily, “but I recall the old prophecy.
It is in my mind that the end of the Golden
City of Larr is at hand, and that the sands
of my nation run very low. However—
we will fight to the end.”

  “No bunch of half-lizards led by a white
renegade is going to lick me!” Gerry
rasped.

A WEEK later Gerry Norton was less
confident. Haggard and unshaven,
he stalked into an inner room and tossed
his helmet clattering on the table. His ar-
mor was badly dented by the impact of
many explosive bullets, and one forearm
was burned where a supode ray had mo-
mentarily pierced between the chinks of the
armor.

  “All right, Steve,” Gerry said wearily,
“it’s your watch. Go up on the walls and
take over.”

  “Anything new ?” Steve Brent asked, sit-
ting up on the cot where he had been sleep-
ing and running both hands through his
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS	47

tousled crop of sandy hair. His freckled
face was as .lined and drawn as Gerry’s
own.

  “Another of the bastions on the west
wall came down under the rays, but we’re
holding the breach all right with archers
and a portable ray-caster. Hurry and get
up there, like a good fellow! I left Por-
tok in charge, and he’s dead on his feet.”

  “I am not so damn much alive myself!”
Steve muttered, but he put on his helmet
and went clanking off up the corridor.

  Gerry sat down heavily on a bench, at
the moment too tired even to take off his
armor. The city of Larr still held out—
but that was all that could be said. The
Scaly Ones still pressed the assault day
and night without ceasing. The once
mighty walls of yellow stone were crum-
bling under the constant attack of the walls
while the defense of the steadily widening
breaches put an added strain on the dwin-
dling numbers of the garrison.

  If oniy the Viking would come! Her
duralite hull would withstand either rays
or explosives, and her own powerful ray-
tubes should be able to blast the attacking
artillery out of existence ad thereby raise
the siege. But he could not raise the space-
ship on the radio! That was the thing that
worried Gerry most of all. Tanda had
been trying at hourly intervals for days,
but he could not get any answer from
McTavish.

  At last Gerry stretched out on the cot
that Steve had quitted, and almost instantly
went to sleep. It seemed only a moment
later that he awoke to find Portok the
Martian shaking him by the shoulder.
Gerry laboriously raised himself up on one
elbow shaking his head to clear his brain.
So strong were the bonds of sleep that sev-
eral seconds passed before his brain
grasped the meaning of the words that
Portok was shouting in his ear.

 “Chief! Can't you hear me ? The
whole western wall has come down, carry-
ing all the ray-tubes with it. The Scaly
Ones are in the city!”

GERRY seized his helmet and weapons
from the table where he had thrown
them, and dashed out of the room. From
one of the balconies of the Arrow Tower
he could see the swift disaster that had

come upon the City of Larr. The cease-
less, unrelenting play of Lansa’s supode
ray machines had finally weakened the
city’s western wall until the whole rampart
had collapsed.

  The once towering wall was now only a
long mound of rubble. The companies of
Scaly Ones nearest the wall had been
buried in the debris when it fell, but fresh
hordes were pouring forward with a shrill
yelping. The Amazon archers defending
the wall from above had been mainly
crushed in the wreckage. Reserve regi-
ments were hurrying into place at the
double, bow strings twanging and long
golden hair streaming out behind them but
there was one loss that could not be re-
placed. All the alta-ray machines on that
wall were shattered and broken.

  The despairing courage of Larr’s femi-
nine defenders was not enough to hold that
mile-long pile of rubbish whose sloping
sides could be easily climbed by the swarm-
ing hordes from Giri-Vaaka. The Ama-
zons were falling back all along the line.
The retreat was a slow and stubborn one,
but it was steady. Such of the alta-ray
machines as could be brought to bear upon
the shattered wall from other portions of
the fortifications swept the advancing
Scaly Ones with blue blasts that tore gap-
ing holes in their ranks, but there were not
enough of them. The firelight gleamed on
the armor of a few of the Viking’s men
who were fighting with the rear-guard,
their ray-guns stabbing viciously into the
Reptilian ranks as they fell back. The
drums of the Scaly Ones took on a deep-
mouthed bellow of triumph, and the brazen
trumpets of Larr were the voice of a for-
lorn and fading hope.

  Rupin-Sang appeared on the balcony be-
side Gerry, leaning his gnarled old hands
on the rail. He was smiling, as though
final disaster had at least brought a relief
from strain.

  “This is the end of the City of Larr,”
he said. “The ancient prophecy of Jeddah-
Khana comes true after all. Save yourself
and your men while you can, my friend.”

  “Can’t we all escape through the swamps
and put up a better fight in the hills?”
Gerry asked. Rupin-Sang shook his head.

  “No, my friend. The last survivors will
do that when all is over, but we will de-
48

PLANET STORIES

fend Larr to the end—street by street and
house by house—as the tradition of Sa-
vissa. We are the last descendants of the
Old Ones. We may die, but we will do
it with honor.”

  The swift advance of Lansa’s men bit
deeply into the city, halfway from the
shattered wall to the central plaza sur-
rounding the Great Tower, before it was
checked at a line of hasty barricades.
There was bitter house-to-house fighting
all across the city. Gerry knew that the
stand at the barricades could not be sus-
tained for very long. The advance of the
Scaly Ones had at the moment outdis-
tanced their supode ray casters and their
heavy caliber gas-guns. For the present
the Amazon arrows held them checked.
The advance was sure to resume as soon
as Lansa’s heavy weapons could be brought
up again.

IT was a hopeless fight—and yet Gerry
could not bring himself to leave. Partly
it was his affection for the grief-stricken
but indomitable Closana that held him
there. Partly it was the sheer courage of
the Amazon’s gallant fight against such
heavy odds that kept him in the battle line.
By some standards the affair was none of
his business but he could not quit now.
However—he had not the right to hold his
men in the stricken city if they wished to
leave. As he located the various members
of the Viking’s crew in the disorganized
Amazon ranks, he gave each one permis-
sion to escape from the city through the
eastern marshes. Portok’s reaction was
typical.

  “Run from these snake-skinned dev-
ils?” the little Martian panted hoarsely, his
ruddy face gaunt and his eyes sunken deep
in their sockets. “Not while I can still
stand. I’m staying with the rear guard—
as long as there is one!”

  New fires had been started by the vic-
tory-drunk Reptilians, fires within the
walls. The lurid glow of burning houses
made, the night hideous. Fully a third of
the city was in flames by now, and only
the easterly wind kept the flames from
driving the defenders away from those
portions of the city that they still held.

  By noon the next day the tale was nearly
all told. The Savissans now held less than

a third of their city, a V-shaped sector
with the Arrow Tower at its apex. The
murky beams of supode rays were now
continually playing against the walls of the
Great Tower itself, and small cascades of
pulverized rock kept sliding off the face
of the stone work as the weaker parts be-
gan to decompose under the steady impact
of the rays. And still the fight went on!

  Gerry liad forgotten what it w'as like
to lie down and rest. He was leaning in
an angle of the wall, actually asleep on his
feet, when Chester Sand from the Viking
hurried across to him.

  “Rupin-Sang wants to see you down in
the garden right away, Chief!” Sand
panted. “You and Steve Brent both.”

  “All right. Get Steve,” Gerry growled.
He sighed, and tightened his belt, and went
wearily down the steps to the lower floor
of the tower.

THE pleasant walled garden behind the
tower was a very different place from
the stop Gerry had seen when he first came
to Savissa. The explosive bullets of the
Scaly Ones had ripped up many of the
trees, and shattered the marble statues. A
heap of debris fallen from above lay along
the base of the tower wall, while more was
constantly trickling down as the murky
beams of the supode rays criss-crossed
overhead. The bodies of dead Amazons
were scattered here and there on the tram-
pled grass. Dense clouds of acrid smoke
from the burning city swirled down over
the garden wall.

  Closana was waiting in the garden, her
armor dim and battered. Her left arm
was heavily bandaged, but she still carried
a naked sword in her right hand.

  “I was told that you wanted me,” she
said. Gerry shook his head.

  “No, it was your father who sent for
vie.” Just then Steve and Chester Sand
came across the garden. A faint suspicion
began to stir in Gerry’s mind.

  “Where is Rupin-Sang?” he demanded.

  Sand hesitated, and cleared his throat.
His eyes were shifty. Then Gerry heard
a slight sound behind him. He spun
around—and looked squarely into the muz-
zle of a ray-tube held by Lansa himself!

  They had been neatly trapped! Lansa
and a dozen of his men had come up
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENVS

49

through the sewers and slain the Amazon
guards' posted there.

  “DropTyour weapons!” Lansa snapped.
Gerry shrugged and obeyed, and the others
followed his example. There was a tri-
umphant smile on the renegade’s saturnine
face. “I am glad you were not killed in
the fighting, Norton,” he said, “because
you and Brent and the girl will make very
valuable hostages for me when your space-
ship eventually returns.”

  Gerry turned and stared at Chester
Sand. The Viking’s Safety Officer was
pale, but he met the other man’s glance
with a sort of weak defiance. Gerry’s lip
curled.

  “So you are the rat who slugged me that
time I caught Olga in the radio room!” he
said. “I should have known it. I seem
to have left several loose ends I should
have watched, but I’ll fix you for this some
day and ...”

  “You won’t be fixing anybody any more,
Norton,” Lansa said grimly. “After I've
used you to get possession of the Viking
you’ll die in the torture chambers at Vaaka-
hausen. Thanks to my good friend Sands,
I also know the location of the invisible
city. That, too, I will attend to. But all
in good time. Guards! Bind and gag the
prisoners. . .

  He never finished the sentence. There
was a sharp hiss, and a thud. A narrow
steel point stood a hand’s breadth out be-
yond his throat. A wondering expression
came into his eyes. Then his knees buckled,
and he went down on the trampled grass.
Across the garden, still holding the air-
gun from which he had shot the long steel
slug, stood Sarnak of Luralla!

THE Scaly Ones went for their weap-
ons, but a vengeful throng of the out-
law brood of the Dragon came pouring up
from below on the heels of their leaders.
There was no thought of quarter between
these hereditary foes. There was a short,
sharp fight—and then the last of Lansa’s
raiding part}' died in the shadow of the
wall. Sarnak came striding forward, his
hand outstretched and a cheerful smile on
his broad face.

  “It seems that I came in very good time,
my friends!” he said.

A—Planet Stories—Winter

  “Perfect,” Gerry grinjjed. "But what
does your coming mean?”

  “It means that the hour of deliverance
is at hand. When Lansa brought his full
force eastward against Savissa, it gave us
the opportunity we have been needing for
generations. We of the Dragon’s Teeth
rose against the scanty garrisons he left
behind, and put them to the sword. The
mass of the people joined us then, when
the chances of victory looked so strong
that hope overcame the despair born of
generations of oppression. Now the Green
Folk of Giri have thrown off the yoke of
the invader at last, and thousands of them
are marching this way to take the army of
the Scaly Ones in the rear.”

  “But how did you come to arrive in the
garden at this particular moment?” Gerry
asked.

  “The forces of Giri have forded the
river and are marching overland, but I
came ahead with a hundred picked cavalry
mounted on swift saddle-dolphins. We saw
a crude type of under-water craft moving
in this direction, and followed it at a dis-
tance. You know the rest. After bring-
ing down the sentries that Lansa had posted
below, we left our dolphins and our water
helmets down at the main drain and crept
up through the passages to this place.”
“When do you think the rest of the
Green Folk will come?” Closana asked.

  “Within a few more hours, Princess.
They will not be in time to save your city,
but they will be in time to protect the
survivors.”

  “If there are any of us left by then!”
the girl said bitterly. Gerry suddenly
pointed upward.

  “Look there! The worst is over now!”
he shouted. The Viking was streaking
across the sky in a burst of yellow rocket
flame.

  The big space-ship dropped down over
the beleaguered city, her powerful ray-
tubes flashing. Other murky beams
stabbed up to meet her, but her duralite
hull was impervious to the rays and Angus
kept her high enough so that the helicop-
ters were protected by the curve of the
hull. One after another the ray casters
and heavy gas-guns of the Scaly Ones
went out of action. When the ship’s
beanrs had silenced the artillery and com-
50

PLANET STORIES

menced to rip black holes in the rmks of
the Reptilian warriors themselves, they
suddenly broke and fled.

THE war drums of the Scaly Ones
were silent at last, while the trumpets
of Savissa raised a long-drawn paean of
vengeance. Out of the ruined and flaming
city fled the Reptilian men, while troops
of swift-footed Amazons hung on their
flanks and rear with twanging bows. Back
across the plains toward the border they
fled—and ran squarely into the grim thou-
sands of the Green People who tore them
apart with the savagery of an oppressed
race just finding their souls again. The
few that survived, out of the powerful
army that Lansa the mad Earth-man had
brought eastward to attack Savissa, were a
handful who fled back across the land of
Giri and vanished into the desolate Vaaka
marshes from which their people had first
emerged generations before.

  The Golden City was hopelessly afire,
past saving, and the survivors gathered on
a level field outside the northern wall. Gerry
and Sarnak and Rupin-Sang were standing
together as the Viking dropped down to
land on the edge of the field. McTavish
stepped out, red bearded and jovial but
showing die effects of sleepless nights him-
self.

  “Sorry we couldn’t get here sooner,” he
said, “but we’ve been working night and
day to make proper repairs with that queer
metal the people of Moorn gave us. We
got your radio messages, but couldn't re-
ply because the ship’s sending set is broken
and I figured the helicopters were more im-
portant repairs.”

  In a few brief words Gerry told Mc-
Tavish of the fight in the garden. The
big Scot beamed hrs pleasure. “An’ did
they get that slinking she-devil of an Olga
along with the rest of the carrion?” he
asked.

  Gerry shook his head. “No, she wasn’t
there. At least, we didn’t see her. It
wasn’t likely though that she would come.
She probably remained back in Vaaka-
hausen.”

  McTavish frowned his disappointment.
“Ah, weel,” he shrugged, “ye canna’ have
ever’thing.”

  “Don’t worry, McTavish,” Sarnak

grinned, “we’ll probably have her in a few
hours. A force of Savissans and Green
Men have already left to clean up Vaaka-
hausen.”

  Gerry grinned. “Good. There’s one
thing I would like to suggest. I loathed
Lansing as much as any of you, but he is a
white man, and I dislike thinking that he
may be hauled off and tossed into a com-
mon grave with the rest of the Scaly Ones.
Let's go to the garden, and see that his
body has at least a half-way decent inter-
ment.”

  The rest of the party agreed to this, and
they made their way back to the garden.
They went down the steps leading to it,
then all stopped in surprise. The bodies of
the slain Scaly Men and Lansa were gone!

  McTavish rubbed his eyes unbelievingly.
“What kind of devilment is this?” he
whispered. Sarnak shook his head slowly.
“I don’t understand. Unless the retreat-
ing forces found them, and carried them
along with them. They were all dead, of
that I’m sure.”

  “Lansing, too?” inquired McTavish sus-
piciously.

  Gerry laughed. “Lansing never walked
away from here, unless as a ghost. I saw
him go down. And men with an arrow
transfixing their throats don't do much
walking.”

  But the big Scot didn’t seem entirely
convinced, and as they walked away, he
was still shaking his great, shaggy head in
doubt.

  With the strain of the siege over at last,
many of the garrison had simply dropped
to the ground and gone to sleep where
they fell. Gerry was watching the flames
sweep over the last of the city. For a
long time the Arrow Tower remained
standing above the sea of fire, but then
it began to tip. Faster and faster it fell,
till it came down in a shower of sparks.
Closana dropped her head in her hands, but
old Rupin-Sang touched his daughter on
the shoulder.

  “Save your grief," girl,” he said. “It is
true that the Golden City of our fathers
no longer exists, but there was a second
part to the prophesy. That, after the great
disaster, the people of Savissa would have
a re-birth. A message that just came
through from those of our people who are
THE GOLDEN AMAZONS OF VENUS	51

hidden in the hills tells me that—of ten
children who have been born since we sent
all the non-combatants out of the city—
seven have been boys! The curse has been
lifted from our race.”

TWO days later, even before the ashes
of Larr were cool, working parties of
Amazons began to clear away the ruins
to prepare for the building of a new city.
Sarnak of Luralla had already returned
across the river Giri to supervise the re-
building of his own land. Angus Mc-
Tavish came up to where Rupin-Sang and
Gerry stood in front of the king's tent.

  “Tests all complete, Chief,” he said.
“That material we got in Moorn is all
right.”

  “I don't suppose there’s any way of
thanking them for it.”

  The big Scot shook his head slowly, tug-
ging at his beard. "The city isn’t there
any more.”

  “What do you mean?”

  “Just that it’s gone. We heard the bells
a few hours after you left, and then we
never heard them again. You can walk
clean across the plain where the city stood.
Sand from the beach is drifting into the
holes that held the wall foundations, and
grass is already beginning over the rest
of the place. . . . It’s gone, that’s all.”

  “They were queer folk, the people of
Moorn,” Gerry said moodily. “I sup-
pose they were afraid they might get
dragged into the affairs of the planet in
spite of themselves, and simply moved the
whole city off to some distant and unknown
planet.”

  “But how could they do that?” Mc-
Tavish said. Gerry shrugged.

  “Ask me another! How could they
make the place invisible? We know they
did that, we don’t know how much further
their science went. Anyway—I’m going
to be glad to get back to Earth for a while.

I	guess we’re ready to start.”

  He turned to look at Closana for a mo-
ment. The girl had laid aside her battered
armor for her customary bright loin cloth
and golden breast plates. She shook back
her long golden hair and faced him with
a smile.

  “Want to come back to Earth with me,
Closana?” he asked.

  “Either that—or the ship goes back
without its captain,” she said quietly. Gerry
laughed.

  “Darling, I feel sorry for any Earth-
woman who ever concludes you're some
shy little stranger she can patronize. Well
—the trails of interplanetary space are
long and we'd better get going. All
aboard 1”

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ SCOOP!

       AIR STORIES scoops the fiction field with a thrilling
       new novel of the Second World War, WINGED
       RAIDERS OF NAZI SKIES, by famed war-air writer
       Arch Whitehouse. Also in tlie same issue a semi-book-
       lenglh novel by George Bruce . . . “Sky Kingdom” . . .
       the story of the fantastic journey of a modern air safari
       to Africa’s centuries-lost Golden City Above the Clouds.

      Other stories by Tom O’Neill and William Barrett.

STORIES now on sale at all newsstands
Expedition to Pluto

By Fletcher Pratt and Laarence Manning

Within the Goddard’s hurtling hull Captain “Steel-Wall” McCaus*
land, hero of the space fleets, nursed his secret plan for an Earth
reborn. Reuter the scientist cuddled his treacherous test-tubes. And
Air Mate Longworth grappled an unseen horror that menaced a

billion lives!

if TV T' OW passing Pliobos, the sec- most dangerous portion of our voyage.

           ond moon of Mars. From This ship’s armor of twenty-inch beryll-
» this point to the orbit of steel may be perfectly adequate to keep
Jupiter we are in the planetoid belt, the meteorites out, but let just one of those
52
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO	53

planetoids, little worlds, hit us and this
broadcast would end right now. Here we
are! Phobos at our left and down, if
there is any up or down out here in empty
space. It's a little red moon, cracked and
seamed, all rock; it has no atmosphere and
no weather. The rocks stand up, jagged
and sharp. There she goes! Good-bye
Phobos—we’re making 9,250 miles an hour
past Phobos, accordinig td a message front
Captain McCausland which has just been
handed to me. The Captain doesn’t look
well this morning. He seems depressed
and the difficulties of this expedition are
weighing on him. That’s all for today.
This is 7-LOP, the interplanetary expedi-
tion ship Goddard, on the exploring ex-
pedition to Pluto. Your reporter, Paulette
de Vries speaking. Interplanetary time
O-six-O-O, May 24, 2432.’’

  The girl snapped the key of her micro-
phone off and turned angrily to the young
man who had tapped her on the shoulder.
“What do you mean by interrupting my
broadcast, Adam Longworth?”

  The tall young man was frowning at
her. “You know the crew listens'' in on
these broadcasts, don’t you?”

  “Well, what am I supposed ter do about
that? Give three cheers?”

  “Listen, Paulette. On an expedition as
dangerous as this, is it right to let the crew
know the Captain is feeling depressed or
doubtful? I didn’t mean to make you
sign off, though.”

  “I signed off because I was through.
Don't flatter yourself! Trouble with you
is you try to run everybody’s business.
.1 thought you might have got over that
in the ten years since I knew you in
school, but you haven't. Trying to keep me
out of the control room so I wouldn’t hurt
myself ! Wake up, Mr. Longworth, this
is 2432; you’re still living back in the
nineteen-hundreds when woman’s place
was in the home.”

  Longworth glanced at a bandage around
the girl’s left wrist. Paulette reddened.

  “All right, I slipped and sprained my
wrist. So what? So you have my things
moved to another cabin, where I’ll be
more comfortable. You’re an interfering
old woman, Mr. Longworth. You’re hope-
less !”

  Longworth reddened uncomfortably.

“Very well, Paulette, I’ll stop interfering
as you call it. But really, you ought to
stop referring to the Captain in such a
manner as to break down the morale of the
expedition.”

  The girl glared at him. “I’ll take or-
ders about that kind of thing from Cap-
tain McCausland and nobody else. And I
don’t think the man I’m going to marry
will censor what I have to say.”

  Adam Longvvorth’s face set as he stood
for a moment irresolute. Then, as Paulette
said nothing more, he turned and left the
cabin. Outside he paused, gazing down
the long main corridor of the space ship
toward the open fo'castle lock, where the
crew lolled in the month-long idleness of
space-voyaging. He frowned, strode off to
find Captain McCausland.

APT AIN McCAUSLAND — “Old
Steel-Wall” as he was known in the
League of Planets Space Service — was
poring over the course plotted on the chart
table. The handsome, saturnine face and
straight back were those of a youth; but
he was forty-five and had twenty years of
service behind him and had won the honor
medals of three planets. He was so ab-
sorbed that he did not notice the Mate till
Longworth touched his arm.

  “Yes?” he said, turning round with a
pair of dividers in his hand.

  “It can wait sir, if you’re busy.”
McCausland looked at him out of cold,
efficient eyes. “Speak up.”

  “It’s the crew, sir. You know how
these' long runs are. Months with nothing
to do, nothing to see.”

  There was a flicker around the Cap-
tain’s mouth that might have been amuse-
ment. “Trouble?”

  Adam looked startled. “Oh, no, nothing
yet. I just wanted to head off trouble
before it started, sir. You heard Miss
deVries broadcast just now?”

  Captain McCausland nodded, and this
time the smile of amusement was definitely
present. “I think the word was ‘de-
pressed’ wasn’t it? And you’re afraid it
will throw the crew into a panic, and they’ll
turn the ship around on us and head for
home. Is that it, Mr. Longworth?”

  Adam, wishing he were anywhere but
just there, and wilting visibly under the
54	PLANET

sarcastic gaze of the Captain, plunged
desperately ahead. “Well, sir, I took the
liberty of asking her not to do it again. . . .
She said she was taking orders only from
you . . . that is . . . I’m sorry, sir, I didn’t
know you were going to. . .

  “To be married, you mean? Well, why
not?” He smiled again. “The ceremony
will take place as soon as we come back
from this expedition. That gives her a
certain amount of privilege you under-
stand.” His face turned suddenly grave
and his voice a trifle sharp. “Moreover,
Miss deVries is here as radio reporter
for the Interplanetary broadcasting. I
want you to understand, Mr. Mate, that
I’ll have no interference with her. In-
stead of chasing bugaboos, suppose you
check the course through the planetoid belt.
I’ll leave you with it; that will give you
something real to worry about for a
change.”

  Adam stared hopelessly after his re-
treating back. Damnation! Everything
had seemed to go wrong since the begin-
ning of this voyage. The harder he tried
to prove himself worthy of the appoint-
ment as second-in-command to “Old Steel-
Wall” the worse things went. With a
shrug he turned doggedly to the chart
work.

  Two hours later he stepped over to the
chart-room port and gazed out into the
velvet blue-black of space where the thou-
sand suns of the Milky Way burned across
the horizon. It was no use. He was go-
ing to have to make a fool of himself
again.

  But could he help it ? Captain McCaus-
land had certainly asked him to check the
course through the planetoid belt. Perhaps
he would forget now, and not ask about
the checking operation. But if he did?
Certainly Walter McCausland couldn't
have been wrong. Yet the figures—?
Adam studied his work sheet again, shak-
ing his head.

  “Finished the checking, Longworth?”
The voice startled him so that he jumped.

  “Yes, sir. Shall I take over the watch,
sir?”

  “Little early, aren't you ? What do you
think of the course, Mister?”

  Adam hesitated.

  “It seems . . . likely to get us there, sir.”

STORIES

  McCausland’s eyes became points.
“Are you by any chance evading my ques-
tion? I’ll repeat it. It was—what do you
think of the course ? What is your
opinion ?”

  Adam gulped. Here it was.

  “There seems to be a fault in it, sir.
I’m sorry.”

  “Indeed?” The tone was sarcastic.
“Elucidate, Mister Mate.”

  “It takes us up out of the plane of the
ecliptic, then back again beyond the
planetoid belt. That’s very good, sir, and
quite sate, but didn't you omit the fuel con-
sumption factor? The course as plotted
gives two shifts of forty-five degrees each,
or half a complete stop, as far as fuel is
concerned. It would cut down the amount
of fuel available for exploration on Pluto
to—well, here are the figures a^ I’ve
worked them out. We’d have about
enough for two or three landings. But
if we went right through the danger belt
of the planetoids as originally planned, we
would save enough fuel to really explore
the planet. We have to explore thor-
oughly if we’re going to find beryllium
there. It won’t lie on the surface. Why,
it’s hardly worth going on at all if we
can’t do any more exploring than that.
. . . That’s my opinion, sir, and I didn’t
volunteer it, and I ask your pardon in
advance.”

THE great space captain smiled easily.
“No need to beg my pardon at all.
At first glance one would think you had
the right of it, but I just happen to have
gone into the matter a little deeper. You
understand the reasons behind this voyage ?
Well, suppose that after having been away
for two years we come back right on sched-
ule, but without a load of beryllium, with-
out having found any trace of it. What
will happen? The League of Planets
simply orders out another expedition, bet-
ter equipped, and we go down as having
failed.”

  “But Captain! In two years there may
not be enough light alloys left on the three
planets to build another ship as big as this!
The service to Mars will have to be stopped
long before that. The lithium mines there
can’t operate unless the water supply from
Venus is maintained.”
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO	53

  “Well, what of it? Nobody likes to
work in that Martian colony.”

  Adam caught his breath.

  “But how aro the atomic motors that do
all the work going to operate without the
lithium from Mars?”

  “And what of that, even? It would be
temporary. Just a few months or years
till another expedition could be sent out.
You take things too seriously. WThat is
there to prove that some other method of
armoring space-ships won’t be found?
Beryllium may not be necessary after all.”

  “Perhaps you’re right.” Adam was still
skeptical. “But is it likely, sir? You’ve
been on the space run so long you haven't
kept up with chemistry. The armor
against meteorites now' is so thick that any
metal but beryllium would double the
weight of the vessel, and even with these
seven million horsepower Buvier-Manleys
we couldn’t make the run from Venus to
Mars. Why, sir, it would mean the end of
the lithium mines, it would mean the end
of atomic power, and we’d have to go back
to the barbarism of the twentieth century,
when they ran everything by electricity
from waterfalls!”

  Captain McCausland raised ah athletic
hand. "Spare me that, Mister Mate! I
have heard it at approximately a hundred
banquets before starting out on this ex-
pedition. Yes, we carry the fate of the
world and all that. We have to find
beryllium or else the Mars mines can’t be
run and the atomic motors stop. I could
sing it in my sleep. But suppose we do
take chances and get this ship wrecked.
Won’t the world have to go back to ‘bar-
barous’ electric power after all? For my
part, I think some of those people in the
twentieth century probably had a good
time.”

  Adam was silent. There was something
in the Captain’s reasoning, he felt. Yet he,
Adam Longworth. could not but feel that
the issue was a desperately serious one for
every inhabitant of the three worlds—
Earth, Venus and Mars—belonging to the
planetary league. The entire known sup-
ply of beryllium, the precious light, strong
metal that was alone suitable for the
armor of space ships, had been exhausted.
All that remained was in the hulls of the
few dozen ships carrying water from

Venus to Mars, and from the arid deserts
of Mars, bringing to earth the equally
precious lithium which was the only mate-
rial with which atomic motors could be
powered.

  Every year, in spite of the best of care,
one or two space ships would be wrecked
—caught in the sun’s gravitational field, or
lost through some small error of naviga-
tion. Soon there would be no more space
ships; and no more could be built. Each
of the outer planets had been explored in
turn—each but the last, the outermost and
most distant; Pluto. They were on their
way there now ; if they could not make it—

  “Very well, sir,” he said aloud. “I see
your point. Will you take over the con-
trols at the change of course?”

  “I’ll take over now. Report in two
hours. . . . One more thing, Longworth.
You’re young, damn young, to be first
mate on this expedition. You know you
were a last-minute choice, because of an
accident to a much more experienced, and
from what I’ve seen so far, a much bet-
ter man. Make the most of your chance,
but don’t forget I’m captain here. I can’t
go into my reasons for everything I do.
That’s all, Mister Mate.”

(C TTELLO, EARTH! This is Paul-

  11	ette de Vries speaking, aboard
7-LOP, space-ship Goddard. For the last
two days we have been running along the
first leg of the angle that will lift us over
the dangerous belt of tiny planets thirty
million miles beyond Mars. In a few
minutes’ the ship’s motors will be started
to turn our course again—straight for
Pluto. I’m going to turn you over to the
microphone in the motor compartment and
let you listen as the seven-million-horse-
power atomics take hold. Jake Burcliall
is in charge down there at the motors. . . .
Ready, Jake? Take it away!

  . . . “That’s all, folks. We’re on the
new course, with the engines shut off, and
we’ll coast along for eight months at a
speed of two miles a second, 120 miles a
minute, 7,200 miles an hour toward Pluto.
Nothing for anyone to do—a nice vacation
for eight months. We’re giving a costume
ball, folks; it’s all we can think of. It
won’t be much of a ball, though, as I'm the
only woman aboard. I'm going to lend
PLANET STORIES

some of the space-men some of my
dresses—" (CRASH!)

  ‘‘What was that, quick—I”

  She got the answer, and went on.

  "It’s all right, just one of the incidents
of interplanetary navigation. Hit by a
meteorite. Out here above the planetoid
zone and close to Jupiter meteorites are
more common. Here’s Mr. IVayland, one
of the junior officers, with a report.
What’s the damage, Mr. IVaylandt It is!
Folks back on earth, we surely got it tluit
time! The meteorite penetrated! Right
through the twenty-inch beryll-steel armor
of our hull into compartment eighteen.
The whole wall of the hull is crushed in
there, we’ve lost a few hundred cubic feet
of air, but the doors are closed and our
air supply is safe. Here’s First Mate
Longworth, just back from compartment
eighteen. He says they’ll leave the com-
partment as it is, and build a tunnel of thin
metal through it to reach the five compart-
ments toward the stern.

  ‘‘Folks, can you. imagine the shock of
that meteorite? It’s only a foot through
and weighs five hundred pounds. If it had
been one of the planetoids our whole hull
would be crushed now. Captain McCaus-
land turned our course to avoid the plane-
toid zone entirely and does that prove he
was right? It does, and how! Well,
folks, it’s been a long day and an exciting
one. This is 7-LOP, space-ship Goddard,
signing off. Paulette deVries speaking.
0-nine-two-seven, May 27, 2432.”

ADAM had returned from the damaged
compartment in time to catch the
close of the broadcast as he was stripping
off the space-suit in which he was making
the examination. Dog-tired, he had just
switched off the light preparatory to
turning in when the light and buzzer
flashed at the door.

  “It’s me, Jake,” came a voice.

  The First Mate switched on the light,
and called : “Come in.”

  A small man, his face seamed by a thou-
sand wrinkles, slipped through the door
almost furtively and stood, twisting his
hands in the audition helmet which
enabled him to hear in the engine room
above the noise of the motors.

  “Didn’t think you’d be in bed so soon,

Mr. Adam,” he apologized. “But you
always was an early retirer. I remember
when I had you on the training ship—he—
he—he.” He ended on a kind of nervous
little giggle, and Adam looked at him
sharply.

  “Yes, I remember. I couldn’t cork off
for a minute without hearing someone
pounding on the door and you yelling,
‘It’s Jake Burchall! Time to get up’ ”
His face sobered. “You didn’t come here
to talk about old times, Jake. What's on
j our mind ?”

  “Well, you know how one thing and
another gets around on a long run like
this. I didn’t know but maybe there was
something I could help you about, sort of,
he—he—he.”

  “Afraid not, Jake. Everything on hand
is up to me. You can tell me one thing,
though. I was just in from the Mars run
when I found my name posted for this
expedition, and I never did hear whose
place I got as First Mate on this trip. Do
you know who it was?”

  “Didn't nobody tell you that? It was
Blagovitch.”

  “Why, he’s one of the most cautious
men in the service! What happened to
him?”

  “Bruk his foot. He-he-he. There was
some said he did it on purpose.”

  “But what could Old Steel-Wall—that
is, why did the Captain pick him in the
first place?”

  “Well, Mr. Adam, there’s a lot of
things about this trip ain’t the same as an
or^nary run. I wonder myself sometimes.
The Cap’n, he picks a course way out of
the ecliptic to dodge planetoids he didn't
stand one chance in a million of hitting
anyhow; and he picks him a mighty cau-
tious mate, and then he picks him a young
mate when the other one can’t go. What’s
he ’fraid of?”

  “He’s afraid of failing, that’s all, Jake.”
“He-he-he. Well, maybe I’m a old
fool. I’d say it was more like he was
’fraid of succeeding.”

« TTF.LLO, EARTH! This is your
J- radio gal, Paulette deVries,
speaking from 7-LOP, space-ship God-
dard. Interplanetary time two-two-O-
three, or just three seconds behind sched-
EXPEDITION

ulc for entering the atmosphere of Pluto.
We're falling rapidly toward the planet.

I con only see half of it, filling the entire
horizon. The color is almost exactly that
of a pearl in moonlight, white with blue
lights and absolutely featureless. Sunlight
out here is indescribably weak. Our spec-
troscope, handled by Professor Reuter,
shows the atmosphere is high in fluorine,
with traces of argon, and outside that a
thin belt, a very thin belt of helium and
hydrogen. I told you all that the other
day. We have accurate temperature read-
ings now, folks, and what they say is 200
degrees belcno zero, which is plenty chilly.
You could drive a nail with a butter ham-
mer at that temperature, folks, and it
means we will have to do our exploring by
diving, since the whole surface of the
planet will be covered, perhaps miles deep,
by liquid gases. Can’t tell till we get
there. Once we do get in, however, these
talks will temporarily cease, folks. I’ll be
sorry, because I’ve enjoyed them, and I’ve
enjoyed hearing from all of you back on
earth, so many million miles away. But
I’ll be back, and so will all the crew and
its heroic captain. You may remember—
Stand by! We’re in the hydrogen layer
now. It’s misty, streaming past the ports,
so I can hardly see anything. I must sign
off now. This is 7-LOP, spaceship God-
dard.”

  Adam Longworth crouched motionless.
The muscles bulged along his arms, shoul-
der and neck quivered with tension, and
perspiration stood in tickling beads on his
skin. His eyes were fixed on the control
panel before him; on either side was a
quartermaster at a set of controls and be-
hind the three stood Captain McCausland,
calm and watchful.

  Adam’s hand moved rapidly and a
quivering needle stood still on a dial.

  ‘‘Three gravities insufficient.”

  The Captain’s finger found a red but-
ton on the portable signal panel that made
a three-inch medallion on the left breast
of his uniform. Throughout the ship
there was a flash of red lights; loudspeak-
ers echoed his “Stand by for five gravities.”

THE quartermasters flung long levers;
the motors boomed, braking the speed
of the Goddard’s fall toward the surface.

TO PLUTk	57

Captain McCausland slumped to the accel-
eration and recovered; the air-speed indi-
cator crept toward the bottom of the dial,
and had almost reached it, when a loud-
speaker twanged nasally. “Visibility fifty
feet, liquid surface. Forty feet—going
down—afloat, sir.”

  Adam killed the motor with a plunge
of his finger and his ears rang in the sud-
den stillness.

  “Thank you, gentlemen,” said the Cap-
tain. “Perfect landing, Mister Long-
worth. Relieve the navigation watch and
report to the chart-room in ten minutes.”
Adam saluted, said a few words to the
quartermasters and went out with them to
the fo’castle. The men off watch were just
unstrapping themselves from their bunks.
Jake Burchall stepped up.

  “Do I take up the new watch, Mr.
Adam?”

  “Two hours from now. Look here,
Jake, there’s something I wish you’d do.”
“Yes sir.”

  Adam lowered his voice.

  “Did you hear the report? Fluorine all
through this planet. Our ports are glass,
and fluorine acts on glass. They’re thick,
of course, and have layers of plastic, but
it will wear them through eventually.
We’ve got to think of something to do
about it, and I think I have the answer.
Remember compartment eighteen? She’ll
be flooded. Suppose when you’re posting
that watch you get into a space suit and
slide in there. Don’t go outside, but cut
loose some of the mica lining around the
break. When you get it, you can make
some mica sheets for the helmet view-
ports of your space suit. Then get into
compartment eighteen again, and try it out.
I’m no chemical expert, but mica should
insulate the view-ports on the helmet, and
if it'll do that, it will insulate the view-
ports of the whole ship. Report to me pri-
vately. I don’t want to make a fool of
myself if Professor Reuter already has
some other scheme worked out.”

  Jake grinned in understanding.

  “Yes sir. He-he-he. Hope he hasn't.’'
In the chart room, when Adam arrived,
he found a small gathering. Perkins, the
chemists, was there; so was Professor
Reuter, the astronomical man, a couple of
assistants, and Captain McCausland, look-
58	PLAN ET

ing extremely grave, thoughtful, but ruffled.

  “Well, Longworth,” he said. “You’re
just in time to order out the navigation
watch and set the course back to earth.”
Adam was aghast. “Not really?”

  “Ask these gentlemen.” He indicated
the scientists.

  Professor Reuter cleared his throat, but
it was Perkins who spoke. “At least we
cannot remain here. The fluorine here
will gradually, but certainly, cut through
the glass in this ship.”

DAM flushed. He burst out: “But
you knew there was fluorine a month
ago! Didn’t anyone—?”

  Captain McCausland raised his hand.
“Please.”

  Professor Reuter explained. “To tell
the truth there was some discussion at
that time. I am afraid I must confess
myself considerably at fault. Dr. Perkins
at that time urged that the expedition re-
turn and install quartz ports on the God-
dard. At that time I judged the tempera-
ture would be about what it is, minus 200,
and at that figure fluorine would not be
present in the liquid portion of the atmos-
phere, but would exist as a gas, and there-
fore would not make contact with our ports
while diving.”

  “I warned you it would be in solution,”
remarked Dr. Perkins.

  “Yes.” Professor Reuter, a big man,
with folds of fat hanging from his cheeks,
pursed his lips and blew through them.
“At the time, I must confess, I really must
confess, that I failed to consider the fact
that the enveloping upper atmosphere of
the planet would cause the surface tem-
perature to be lower than that in the
atmosphere itself. As a result, it is just
cold enough to hold a certain amount of
fluorine in solution in this cold ocean—”
“And, in a nut-shell, we must turn
back,” said Adam. He appealed to Cap-
tain McCausland. “Isn’t there anything
aboard ship with which we could insulate
the ports?” Scientists always made diffi-
culties, he thought; an old space captain
like McCausland would not be so hard to
down.

  “We can try putting divers in space-
suits with double-thickness glass in the
ports. That would last a couple of hours

STORIES

at all events. I don’t dou, ; but we could
get volunteers in this crew.”

  Reuter blew through his thick lips again.
“Dangerous. As scientific head of the ex-
pedition I will permit nothing of the kind.
Naturally, Captain, we are under your or-
ders, but if you take such a step it will
be without my authority.”

  McCausland made a gesture of hopeless-
ness. “Have you any other ideas to sug-
gest, Mister Longworth?”

  Was “Old Steel-Wall” giving up this
easily? Adam’s thoughts wheeled, but he
schooled himself to inquire mildly, “Have
you thought of trying mica windows, sir?”
“That would do it!” cried Dr. Perkins
excitedly. “Fluorine doesn’t attack mica—
at least at earth temperatures. I don’t
know about these sub-zero atmospheres,
but it ought to work. Have we the mica?”
“The ship is lined with it,” remarked
McCausland. “But we can’t very well
take the ship apart.”

  “Compartment eighteen-, sir!” Adam
burst out.

  “Try it by all means'. Hurry though,
for we’ll have to shutter the ship’s ports
within an hour or get out of here. I con-
gratulate you, Mister Longworth. That
was well thought of.” -

  Was there a touch of irony in the voice ?
As Adam saluted and withdrew, he won-
dered. Nobody else appeared to have
noticed it, to have noticed that there was
something in the Captain’s voice that
didn’t somehow sound quite right.

THREE men were grouped around the
air lock at eighteen, and they looked
up as the First Mate approached. “He’s
coming out now, sir,” said one of them.
“Been in already once, and Bjornsen
fitted a mica shield over one of his helmet
ports. He’s trying that and the straight
glass shield in comparison.”

  Adam nodded wordlessly, watching the
lock handle. Presently it turned and out
stumbled a figure like a gnome, cased in
hairy hoar-frost. “Pretty cold out there,”
said one of the men, as with gloved fingers
he labored deftly at Burchall’s helmet.

  The little wizened face came out of it,
grinning like a, monkey’s. “It works, sir!
I was in a good five minutes. Look here—
the glass lens is all pitted and scored, but
EXPEDITION TO PLITO	59

the mica isn’t touched. Something funny
out there in that ocean, though.”

  ‘‘What do you mean ?”

  “Something with legs, only they weren’t
exacdv legs, either—”

  “Careful with that space suit there,
Jake. Material’s brittle after that cold.”
Adam raised his voice. “Look here
men. We have a job on our hands. We
must make and install port covers for
every port on the ship. You know, the
regular collision covers—beryll-steel. Jake,
go up forward and get a dozen men, while
you, Bjomsen, fix those mica covers on a
dozen space-suit helmets. Make it snappy,
for Heaven’s sake. We have just one
hour to work in.”

  “Beg pardon, sir, but wouldn’t it be
easier to do it outside this atmosphere?”
“Haven’t the fuel. Hurry!”

  The ship rang with orderly disorder,
as man after man of the off-duty watch
reported, received the space-suit with the
new mica windows, and passed out through
the air-lock in compartment eighteen to
join the others who were adjusting protec-
tive collision-shutters over the big ship’s
ports. The last man through, Adam em-
barked on an inspection tour of the ship.
Compartment 23 checked—all ports shut-
tered; compartment 22?—

  A bell rang violently, and the loud-
speaker system shouted: “First Mate
Longworth wanted in the Captain’s cabin
at once. First Mate Longworth wanted—”
“First Mate Longworth reporting,”
Adam remarked into his chest phone, and
hurried along the corridor.

Captain McCausland was seated at his
desk, drumming on it with his fingers.
“Mister Mate,” he burst out, as Adam
entered, “do you know what time it is?”
“No, sir.”

  The Captain, indicated the space-chro-
nometer set in the wall. “Your hour is
up. Call your men in. We’re leaving.”
“But, sir, they’re nearly finished—”
“Mister Mate, I have taken the trouble
to explain my orders to you once before.
I’ll do it once more, so there will be no
possible mistake. I’m responsible for the
safety of this expedition and the lives of
the people aboard. In the present case it’s
my responsibility to see that this cold
fluorine ocean doesn’t eat through the

ports and put everyone to a horrible

death, corroding as it freezes them—in-
cluding Miss deVries. Call in your men.

That’s an order!”

  Adam’s mind filled suddenly with the
picture of Paulette struggling vainly to
beat back the hideous icy wave of acid at
a temperature lower than anything on
earth, of. . . . He lifted his chest phone
and spoke slowly. “Working party out-
side; abandon work and return at once.
Enter by lock in compartment eighteen.”

THE sound of hammers and the grind
of wrenches on the outer hull went
on uninterrupted. An expression of sur-
prise spread across Adam’s face; Captain
McCausland’s darkened with anger. “First
Mate Longworth speaking! Did you hear
me? Burchall, answer at once!”

  Again that pause, punctuated only by
the sound of tools. McCausland lifted
his own phone. “Burchall! Heinstatt!
Captain McCausland speaking! Answer
at once.” Again no reply but the mocking
tap of hammers. The Captain’s face
flushed darkly.

  “Longworth, if this is more of your
officiousness, I'll have your badges! Mis-
ter Longworth, you will get into a space
suit at once and bring those men in.
Knock them out if necessary.”

  Adam ran down the corridor toward the
compartment eighteen air lock thinking to
himself that if this was a mutiny it came
at the most fortunate time for the success
of the expedition. He took his time don-
ning the space suit, his time about enter-
ing the air lock and turning on the
pressure jets that would clear the way be-
fore him into the icy ocean outside. Just
as he was about to throw open the outer
door of the lock, the indicator on it moved,
it was flung open from the outside, and
the first of the divers stumbled in. accom-
panied by a rush of the icy sea that began
immediately to vaporize in the warmer
space of the compartment. The clang of
hammers outside sank to a tap, then
ceased altogether. The work was done!
They could float on tliat Plutonian sea for
as long as necessary without danger.

  When they were out of compartment
eighteen’s air lock again, with the helmets
off, Adam turned to Jake Burchall.
60

PLANET STORIES

  “Why didn't you answer me or Captain
McCausland just now? Didn’t you know
you could be sent to the mines on Mars
for disobedience?”

  “Didn’t hear you, sir. You see, we was
in such a hurry to get out that we kind
of forgot to put our radiophones on the
helmets."

  Before Adam could put another ques-
tion the bell clamored for lunch.

ABOARD the space-ship Goddard the
fiction of keeping up the normal
twenty-four-hour early day was main-
tained, and it was not till after the meal
called, by courtesy, lunch that Adam
again faced Captain McCausland across
the desk of his cabin. Paulette deVries
was on the Captain’s other side as Adam
entered and saluted stiffly.

 “Your report, Mister Mate? I am
anxious to learn why my orders weren’t
obeyed.”

  “No radiophones on the suits, sir.”

  The Captain stared, taken aback. At
last he nodded his acceptance of the wholly
reasonable explanation.

  “Very well. . . . Glad you got the shut-
ters installed in time. As matters stand,
then, we can remain here for some time.
Professor Reuter reports we are near one
of the poles of this planet. We might
as well start exploring here as anywhere.
Will you take the detail?”

  Adam's face lighted. He hadn't ex-
pected a chance like this. “I’d be delighted,
sir,” he began, and then, catching sight
of Paulette's slightly disdainful smile,
broke off short.

  “Very good. Take at least one good
man with you. Professor Reuter says the
depth here is about sixty feet, which is
the equivalent of thirty feet on earth, due
to the difference in gravity. That is, the
pressure ought not to bother anyone in a
space suit provided the depth is constant.
I’m sending you because you made good
on that mica stunt. Now here’s your
chance to do something bigger. You’ll
have complete charge of whatever party
you take.”

  “Mr. Longworth will enjoy that very
much.” remarked Paulette. “He likes to
take complete charge of things.”

  “I’ve noticed that,” said McCausland,

drawing down the corner of his mouth.
He reached into a drawer, and producing
one of the ugly, ungainly rocket-pistols,
shoved it across the desk. “This thing
fires the new atomic shells. Pretty danger-
ous, as you probably know, but it’s about
the only thing that will work in these
liquid densities, and you can’t tell what
you’ll run into out there. Good luck!”
Adam saluted, and was just turning
away when out of the comer of his eye
he caught sight of Paulette’s face. It
had gone suddenly rather white, and her
lips were slightly parted. He turned
back to speak, but the moment had passed,
and contenting himself with an awkward
repetition of the salute he made his way
out of the cabin.

JAKE BURCHALL, responding to a
call over the loud speaker system,
found him changing into the electrically
warmed clothes used in the depths of
outer space.

 “Want to come with me, Jake? An
hour or so scouting along the ocean floor.
We’ll be the first men to land on Pluto.”
To his surprise, the wizened little man,
instead of bursting into his habitual gig-
gle, looked thoughtful.

  “What’s the matter, Jake?”

  “Nothin’, Mr. Adam. I was just won-
derin', that’s all, if maybe you volunteered
for this, but I don’t s’pose you'd care to
tell.”

  “I don't mind telling you. Captain Mc-
Causland assigned me.”

  Burchall scratched his head, evidently
seeking to choose his words.

  “You think a mighty lot of him, don’t
you, Mr. Adam?”

  Adam stopped dressing with a zipper
half closed, his mouth open. “Why sure!
Ever since I was a kid—I*remember being
brought up on the story of how Steel-Wall
McCausland saved the Venus mail rocket,
the time—"

  “Yes, I know, Mr. Adam. But looky
here, I’m goin’ to tell you for your own
good, there some folks think Old Steel-
Wall is a little bit too smooth outside and
too hard inside, and I ain’t satisfied.
There’s some mighty funny things goin’
on. I don’t like the way he called us in
from that port detail—and that there navi-
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

61

gation around the planetoids—and this
here exploring trip—I'm just maybe a old
fool, but I got my ideas.”

  “Bunk, Jake. Captain McCausland has
other people to think of, too. . . Adam’s
sentence trailed off as he remembered the
Captain’s willingness to give up the ex-
pedition when they had landed on the wet
surface of Pluto. Could it be possible that
the hero of his boyhood, the man Paulette
was going to marry—?

 “What have you got there?” Jake
Burchall’s voice interrupted his chain of
thought. “I s’pose the Captain gave you
that, too?” inquired the old engineer,
picking up the rocket pistol, and when
Adam nodded. “Not for mine, Mr. Adam.
Them things is twict as dangerous to you
as to whatever you shoot ’em at. Come
back there with me to the engine room.
I got some of those marble bombs stuck
on long rods back there. When you poke
something with them, you know the explo-
sion isn’t going to blow you into the mid-
dle of next week.”

  Cased like lobsters in their space suits
the pair waddled clumsily up the spiral
ramp to the main outlet lock. The pair of
duty men at the lock swung the handles
in a bored manner, and just as he was
entering Adam thought he caught another
glimpse of Paulette around the comer of
the corridor, and raised one sheathed arm
to wave her farewell, but she did not
answer.

  “All right, Jake?” called Adam through
the chest phone. There was a series of
clicks. “All right, Mr. Adam.”

  Adam swung the lode control and felt
the grip of the pale ocean, colder than
anything on earth, sliding up around his
legs, to his waist. Another spin of the
handle, and side by side the two were set-
tling gently through the opalescent depths
toward the surface of Pluto.

INSIDE the ship, the lock attendants
had gone off duty and the corridor
was for the moment empty. Paulette
glanced at the pressure gauge, saw that it
registered a blank, which meant that the
two had left the lock, and then turned
swiftly to look along the corridor. No one
in sight.

  “At least,” Walter had said to her, “wait

till those two come back. You don’t know
what may be in that ocean out there—an
ocean of liquid air and fluorine. Dr. Per-
kins says we don’t know a thing about the
climates of these extreme cold planets, and
what forms of life may exist. Think of
those horrible quick-acting fungi that
destroyed the explorers of the first Uranus
expedition.”

  “But you practically ordered Mate
Longworth to go,” she had retorted.

  “That’s different. Danger is his busi-
ness.”

  There was no point in arguing. She
left it at that, and promising Walter to
rejoin him later, strolled down the cor-
ridor and up the ramp to the outer air-
lock. But danger was her business, too,
she told herself, as she swung back the
door to the compartment in which the
space suits were kept, and hastily took
down the smallest on the rack. Yes, the
eye-pieces were mica-covered.

  Danger was her business, she told her-
self again, as she turned on the pressure
jets to clear the lock; she was Paulette
deVries, the radio gal, chosen for her
part in this expedition out of all the radio
recorders of three planets for her utter
fearlessness. And besides, that snip of a
First Mate, Adam Longworth, had inti-
mated that she needed protection. The
lock snapped to behind her, and as it did
so, she thought exultantly that Captain
Walter McCausland might as well learn
now as any other time that he couldn’t
order his prospective wife around, even if
he could make everyone else aboard the
Goddard jump.

THE water was very dark, the color
of bottle glass, splotched here and
there with darker, purplish shadows. Far
above her, Paulette could see the faint
shimmering line of light that marked the
space ship. It looked to be hundreds of
feet above her. Five steps in any direc-
tion, she knew, would blot it out com-
pletely. She had no great fear of getting
lost, as the compass guide at her belt was
tuned to the ship’s control compass and
would always point to it. Somewhere
down here in the dark around her Adam
and Jake were also exploring the bottom.
Although she couldn’t see them, the
62	PLANET

thought gave her courage. She stepped
tentatively forward. One—two-three—
four—five—at each step floating a little
before she came down. She could no
longer see the faint, comfortable lights of
the ship som’ewhere above her, and for a
brief moment, panic tore at her throat.
She fought it down. Silly! She peered
around her, as though the thought of
Jake and Adam wtrnld make them mate-
rialize. There! There they were. She
could see them dimly, like shadows, to her
left. She turned and walked as swiftly
as she could in the direction. How Adam
would laugh at her for her fears. What a
little coward—. She stopped suddenly,
and cold, clammy fingers of fear rippled
along her spine. The dark shadow before
her wasn’t Adam or Jake! It was some-
thing tall and thin. Something that
seemed alive, weaving back and forth, and
about the same color as the water. It
seemed about ten feet high and six inches
through, and was made up of sections like
a string of sausages. Then over to the
right she saw more of them—a regular
forest.

  Like the snapping of a brittle icicle, the
tension broke. They were plants. Some
form of natural flora, swaying to and fro
in the icy currents of that dark sea. She
laughed hysterically, and relief flooded her,
bathing her in perspiration. But the ex-
perience had nevertheless unnerved her.
Coward or not, she decided she had had
enough, and turned to find her way back
to the ship. Then she saw it! Behind
and a little above her. Something big,
whiter than the color of the water, hover-
ing, drifting. She tried to hurry. Tried
to tell herself it was just another surpris-
ing but inanimate form of life to be found
in this strange planet, but as she glanced
back and up, she saw the thing was keep-
ing perfect pace with her. Horrified, she
watched as it settled slowly toward her.
Huge. White. Hideously opaque. She
couldn’t move. She could only stand,
rooted as in some frightful nightmare,
staring with bursting eyes as the thing
drifted gently toward her. Then panic
took her. She opened her mouth to
scream, but no sound came from her
strangling throat, and her tongue clove
tightly to the roof of her mouth. She

STORIES

put her arms up, like a child trying to
push aside a horrible dream. Her hands
touched a soft, white pulpy body. Touched
it, then to her utter horror passed thi-bitgh
intv the body itself! They were gripped
in that opaque substance. And still the
thing settled lower, like a great hideous,
white cloak. It would cover her com-
pletely. Absorb her. As it had absorbed
her hands. As it was even now absorb-
ing her wrists—her arms . . .

ADAM and Jake Burchall had set out
with the idea of tracing a circle of
some 300 yards around the ship. In spite
of the weak gravity, the pressure was
against them, and at each long, floating
step they paused while Adam probed into
the silt of the ocean floor with a long
rod. Rock surface was only inches down;
what kind of rock he could not tell. At
each step they encountered the same
sausage-like chain-weeds Paulette had met,
and twice Adam attempted to pull up one
of the singular Plutonian plants, only to
find it breaking into sections at a touch.

  “I suspect,” said Adam through his
phone, “that these are some very low form
of life. Look how they break along the
joint, Jake. They probably reproduce in
that fashion, breaking off to form an en-
tirely new plant.”

  “Funny we haven’t seen any other form
of life.”

  “Yes. It would be more usual to find
a couple of hundred on an ocean floor
like this.”

  A surge in the water round them nearly
swept the explorers from their feet. Adam
looked up. Scarcely ten feet above him,
a huge brownish globe shot past, twice his
own height, its smooth surface studded
with countless tiny arms that beat the
water in unison. As he gazed at it, a paler,
whitish mass soared through the twilight
to leap on the brown globe, and twisting
in each other’s grip, they passed from
sight.

  Jake’s gasp came through the earphones
and then his giggle, “Pie—he—he, Mr.
Adam, there’s two more forms of life and
we make another one, if we stay alive till
we get back.”

  Another three steps, and they halted
again at the sight of a shapeless, almost
EXPEDITION TO PLtTO

63

white mass looming through the fog of
green ahead. It was alive; it moved, but
flowing, rather than swimming, and as
nearly as they could make out in the dim-
ness was without eyes, mouth or visible
organs of any kind, a huge, shapeless
jelly. Adam reached for the rocket pistol
at his belt, but Jake’s eye had caught the
motion and his voice came through the
earphones, “Don’t use that thing, Mr.
Adam. It ain't—Holy catfish!”

  The huge colorless jelly had sidled
toward them through the water, then
sheered off, revealing as it did so, a core
of some darker color through its trans-
lucent sides and three shapeless legs whose
motion propelled it. As it made the turn
away from the explorers it bumped one
of the curious segmented weeds and Jake
had cried out.

FOR where the animal had bumped the
weed a huge dent appeared in its
rounded forward end, growing rapidly till
it was a cavern, a cavern which engulfed
the chainweed. Instantly the lips of the
cavern closed; Adam could see that the
surface had become as smooth as before,
while inside the translucent structure of
the animal the outline of the weed was
faintly visible.

  “I've seen things like that before,” said
Adam softly, as though fearful of attract-
ing the monster's attention.

  “Where ? I ain’t never seen nothing like
that. And I'm telling you, Mr. Adam, I
been around a lot. Even in those dinosaur
swamps on Venus.”

  “Ever look through a microscope, Jake?”
“Can’t say as I have very often, Mr.
Adam.”

  “That’s just what you see in a micro-
scope, Jake. That brown thing was just
like a rotifer. Those big white lumps, that
can turn themselves into mouths anywhere
they want to and then close up and turn
themselves into stomachs, they're amoebas.
Amoebas as big as whales! They’re the
most savage animals in the whole created
kingdom—and just about the most danger-
ous for their size”

  The engineer’s voice was doubtful.
“You mean we’re sort of in a microscope?”
Adam grunted.

  “Microscope my left foot! Those things

are real! They're dangerous! They’re
the lowest form of life, but what hap-
pened is probably that they couldn’t de-
velop into any higher forms on this cold
planet, so they simply grew to gigantic
size. Let’s get out of here.”

  He took off in a long soaring step that
carried him jerkily six feet through the
water, Jake following. They had pro-
gressed perhaps three leaps, when the
engineer’s voice was suddenly loud inside
Adam’s helmet—“Look! On the left
there!”

  Adam checked himself in mid-leap and
saw a dark figure in the green gloom of
the undersea world, with one of the giant
amoebas swooping toward it. “A man!”
came Jake’s voice. “It’s attacking one of
the crew. Stand still you, we’re coming!”

THERE was no answer; the other
diver only put up his arms to ward
the thing off, and they saw1 his hands were
empty, weaponless. Another leaping step
carried them almost within reach of the
hideous thing that at the first touch of
the other diver’s hands had suddenly
formed itself into the huge ingestion fun-
nel. Adam swung his arm back to stab
the amoeba with his explosive spear, but
Jake’s voice came through the earphones.

  “Too close, Mr. Adam. He’s right on
top of that man; you’ll blow him to pieces.
Let me try to attract him away.”

  Jake was holding out the harmless end
of the spear. He prodded the giant
amoeba briskly, and he did so, the jelly-
like creature again opened a huge funnel
and swooped with a speed surprising for
so large and formless an object. Jake
dodged and flattened to the sea-bottom,
shouting “Give it to him!”

  Adam jabbed, pressing the button of
his spear as he did so. There was a vio-
lent shock; Adam himself went down from
the impact of the compressed water and
as he fell saw the diver they had rescued
tumbling also. Above them a cloud of
milky silt boiled up, then whipped away in
long ribbons as some obscure current of
that strange sea caught it. The giant
amoeba loomed through the murk, with a
great ragged hole in its side—but the
hole was closing, healing before their very
eyes!
64

PLANET STORIES

  As he tried ta rise and draw the rocket-
pistol again, Adam’s ears caught Jake’s
growl of fury, and he saw the engineer
lunge with another of the bomb-spears.
Again there was the violent shock and
murky cloud, half clearing to show Adam
the strange diver, who took two staggering
steps toward him and then collapsed
against his supporting arm. At their feet
the giant amoeba lay, a whitish, shapeless
mass, injured beyond the power of a sec-
ond restoration—but no! As he watched,
a foot long bud'suddenly projected from
the side of the mass, swelled, detatched
itself, and then slithered off into the dim-
ness.

  “Holy catfish!” ejaculated Jake. “You
can’t kill the thing! Who is it you got
there ?”

  “Don’t know. Hello there, hello!
Doesn’t answer.”

  “Better get him inside. I’ll help.”

  Together they half dragged, half lifted
the diver toward the air-lock, leaped,
caught it, and in a few minutes more were
in. The lights in the corridor were blind-
ing bright; Jake and Adam snatched off
their own helmets, and worked fever-
ishly on the gears of the stranger, to
reveal the pale, half-unconscious face of
Paulette deVries.

SHE grinned feebly and licked pale
lips.

  “Hello, Adam! Oh, boy was I glad to
see you a few minutes ago! I thought
that thing had me. It was like a bad
dream.”

  “Are you all right? How did you get
there ?”

  “I’m all right now, thanks ... I walked.”
She got up, a tottering step, and slipped
out of her space suit. “I don’t need help
—excuse me, I’m being ungrateful. What
was it?”

  “Giant amoeba, I think. He might
have found that space suit of yours a lit-
tle hard to digest, but you would have
smothered, waiting for him to discover
that. What ever persuaded you to go out
there without your headphones connected
up or any weapons?”

  “Adam Longworth, are you going to lec-
ture me again?” she began, then her face
broke into a smile. “Oh, I suppose you’re

right this time, though. The main reason
was really to show Walter that I could do
my own thinking, to be honest. And—
thank you again.”

  She held out her hand in gratitude. It
lay cool in his for a minute, returning the
friendly pressure, and then she was gone.

  “I think,” said Captain McCausland,
“that we can evade any more incidents
with these animals of yours by having the
digging parties work in an air-lock at-
tached to the ship’s entry lock. Diving
suits won’t be necessary in that case.”

  “Of course, sir, that would be safer.
Won’t it use up a good deal of fuel to
move the ship for each separate dig,
though, sir? We’re very low on fuel.
May I suggest we pump into storage the
amount necessary to make the return
voyage? Whatever is left over we can
use for exploration from a special tank.
When that tank’s empty, we're through and
we have to go.”

  “Good suggestion. Give orders accord-
ingly, Mister Mate.”

  “What would you think of sampling
parties,. sir. say three well-armed men,
chipping off the surface rock wherever they
can find it ?”

  “Waste of time. Beryllium will have to
be dug for.”

  ‘‘Where shall we dig, sir? Right here?
I understand that beryllium would be
closer to the surface near the planet’s
equator—if there is any.”

  “You understand? What gave you to
understand anything of the kind? Are
you the geologist? We’ll dig right here.
Professor Reuter has made a very ex-
haustive study of the question and he
thinks the pole is much the likeliest spot.”
Adam stared. “Professor Reuter! I
thought he was an astronomer.”

  “Reuter is an eminent scientist—which
is more than you’ll ever be, Mister Mate.
You have your work to attend to, and if
you do it you’ll have no time for doing
mine or Professor Reuter’s. Now detail
an engine-room party to pump fuel for the
return trip. Allow ten per cent margin for
safety. . . .What are you staring at me
like that for? Do you realize you are
impudent! Allow ten per cent. Then re-
port to me how much is left for explora-
tion. Next watch, have the mechanics
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

65

begin work on the digging lock. By the
way—may I have my rocket pistol back?”
Adam remembered that he had handed
the pistol to Jake Burchall and had seen
it disappear in his capacious pocket. At
another time he might have said as much;
but in his new-born suspicion of the Cap-
tain he merely replied:

  “Sorry, sir! Must have dropped it in
that fight with the giant amoeba—”

  He stopped. For just an instant there
had flashed across Walter McCausland’s
face an expression of fierce, snarling
hatred. Then a smooth mask seemed to
be drawn across it, and the Captain's voice
was serene. “Of course. If it turns up,
return it to me. That's all."

t<T)UT Adam! That’s absurd. What
JD possible reason could he have for
wishing to make the expedition fail?"

  Paulette looked anxiously from Jake
Burchall’s face to Adam's and back as the
three sat in die girl’s cabin.

  “I know,” said Adam. “I don’t under-
stand myself, Paulette. Why, he’s been a
hero of mine ever since I was big enough
to know what a space ship looked like!
But—”

  Jake’s wrinkled visage contracted in a
frown. “I don’t know much about the
rest, Miss, but I do know I could have
navigated through that planetoid belt my-
self, and I’m only an engineer. But he
certainly used up an awful lot of fuel
jumping over it.”

  “Yes,” Adam broke in excitedly, “and
he knew there was fluorine in the atmos-
phere here, but he landed right into it with-
out making any preparation to shutter the
ports, though he knew very well fluorine
eats into glass like water into sugar. Then
he wants to turn back. Then he gives us
an impossibly short time to shutter the
ports and tries to call in the men and leave
before they get it finished. I won’t men-
tion—”

  The girl burst in on him. “Adam, you’re
frightfully unfair. There’s a perfectly sen-
sible explanation of everything you’ve men-
tioned.’’ She held out one hand. “Really,
you saved my life down there and I don’t
want you to think I’m ungrateful, but
you’re letting things get you. You mustn’t

S—Planet Stories—Winter

think you’re running the whole expedition.”

  Adam’s face flushed. He swallowed
twice as though about to speak, but before
he could say anything, Jake Burchall slowly
produced from his pocket the rocket-pistol
and laid it on the table before the three.

  “Look here, Miss,” he said. “I don’t
want to say nothin’, but when I got into
my own bunk, I took one of the shells out
of this thing. The others are in the maga-
zine. Now I want you to look at this.”

  He snapped back the catch at the side
of the pistol, and two atomic-power shells
dropped out—the most powerful and ter-
rible weapons yet invented by the scientists
of three planets, ugly little things in their
gleaming metal cases. Jake picked up one
of them and handed it to Paulette, indi-
cating a spot on the side of the shell with
his finger-tip. The girl bent and gazed;
there was a tiny pin-prick, a puncture en-
tering the side of the shell.

  “Do you see that little hole there?’’ said
Jake. “Do you know what would happen
when the trigger was pulled with that shell
in the gun? Instead of firing the bullet
toward the giant amoeba that hole means
the whole force of the charge would have
gone off in the gun itself. And that's the
gun Captain McCausland gave Adam. . . .
I’m sorry, Miss, I didn't mean to—hurt
your feelings."

  Paulette had collapsed suddenly across
the table, her shoulders shaking with sobs,
her face buried in her hands. “Go away,
please go away,” she cried, as Adam
touched her shoulder.

<( T TELLO, Earth! This is Paulette
±1 deVries reporting progress aboard
the Goddard by recording for later broad-
cast. The first dig ended in a failure this
morning. Fifty feet down, and Dr. Per-
kins reports the composition of the rock
strata remarkably uniform in character, but

110	sign of beryllium in them, nor any for-
mation that looks as though it might con-
tain beryllium. We’re on our way from
the North Pole of Pluto to the South Pole,
where Professor Reuter thinks we stand
the best chance of finding the metal we
need. Just reached the half way mark.
. . . Hello, the motors have stopped! I'll
find out what the reason is for you in fust
a minute. What’s going on. Rossiter? . . .
66

PLANET STORIES

Hello, Earth! Our motors have stopped,
the fuel in the special tank we had set aside
for exploration purposes is exhausted. IVe
seem to be somewhere near the equator
of Pluto. . . . No, the fuel didn’t run
out, they've found a leak, a leak in the fuel
tank. It’s all right, folks, we’ve set aside
enough fuel to ride home to earth on, but
we’ll have to dig here instead of at the
South Pole. I’m going to ask—”

  “Isn’t it a curious coincidence, Mister
Mate, that this leak should bring us down
over the equator—just where you wanted
to dig all dong?” Captain McCausland’s
voice was biting.

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Curious coincidence, too, wasn’t it, that
when those shutters were being put on the
workmen’s radiophones went out of order?
Listen here, Mr. Mate, there have been
too damned many coincidences around here
here to suit me. A few more and you're
going to find yourself working in the en-
gine room. That’s all. Get out of here
and get the digging lock rigged.”

  Adam saluted mechanically and left the
cabin. He knew with sickening precision
what the captain meant. Demotion to the
engine room would mark him forever in
the space service as an inefficient mate. He
could never hope to obtain a command of
his own, and throughout the rest of his
life, wherever he went the record of it
would follow him. Even now, the unfavor-
able report McCausland was sure to turn
in when they returned to earth would block
his way to any higher command, any other
rating. He felt sick at heart as he joined
the group at the main lock, helmet in hand,
as they were about to launch themselves
into the green ocean below—six men,
armed with the bomb-spears Jake Burchall
had provided.

  He was surprised to note that Paulette
deVries was standing waiting with the
others, helmet in hand and her face deathly
pale.

  “Paulette,” he begged, “do you really
think you should go? Remember what
happened last time. Does McCausland—”
“He knows I’m going.”

  “All right. But keep with the men please.
For my peace of mind if not for your own
sake. All ready? Close lock!”

  The green waters rose about them in

the lock and they swung off. Adam’s voice
came clearly through the earphones of the
party.

  “Be careful everyone! This is a regular
jungle of those chain-weeds.”

  Paulette’s voice answered. “Look, Adam!
Where I’m pointing. There’s something
different over there, little round things,
dark red, with a few yellow ones.”

  “I see them, Paulette. I don’t think.
. . . Jake, I don’t like this. Let's test
that bottom and get back as soon as we
can.”

  The men stooped and scraped in the silt
with their metal tools, reporting results.
“Not over six inches to rock here.” “Eight
inches here.” “Just about as shallow here
as before.”

  “Take a few samples, then. Make it
as quick as you can. As soon as you get
your samples move back, be ready to ascend
to the main lock.”

ADAM could see nothing but the cloudy
liquid around him, stirred to green
milk as the sampling of the silt raised a
murk around him. “Paulette," he called,
“what’s your compass reading?”

  “Nineteen-O-thirty south. Sixty-three—
seven, west.”

  “I can’t see you. Move due east two
long steps and stand still. I’ll reach for
you.”

She complied and called out to him.
“What’s your reading now?” he asked,
and she thought his voice sounded strange
as she replied, “Same south reading. Sixty-
three—six, west.”

  “Jake! Where are you and what’s your
reading?”

  “I’m right here, Mr. Adam. Can’t see
you? This silt doesn’t seem to settle down.
There’s a current of some kind carrying
it; I can just stand against it. My read-
ing’s eighteen-forty—forty-two south;
sixty-two—fifteen west.”

  “Bjornsen, Rossiter! Report and extend
hands. If you don’t touch anyone, reach
out with the safe ends of your bomb-spears
and swing them in a circle till you do. . . .
Ah, who's that who just touched me?”
“Rossiter, sir.”

  “That makes three of—”

  The words were suddenly cut off by the
shock of an explosion that nearly tore them
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

67

from their feet and a heavier cloud of the
milky silt came eddying past, fragments
of chain-weed moving through it. Burch-
all’s voice came through the earphones.
“Attacked ! New kind of animal! Eight-
een-forty—twenty-one south. Twenty—
thirty-two west!”

  “Never mind the bearings!" cried Adam.
“Rossiter, Paulette! Hang on to the ends
of these spears, and take three steps with
me, don’t lose contact!”

  The three leaped as one, then again and
again, through the murk in which every-
thing was invisible. As they touched bot-
tom at the end of the last leap, Adam saw
a long writhing arm, with a barbed tip at
the end of it, swing past his helmet view-
ports, caught a gasp from Jake through
his earphones, and then felt Paulette at his
side pull free from his gripping hand and
reach up with the bomb-spear.

  There was the shock of another explo-
sion. Down he went, and saw’ something
murky with whirling arms fly past the
view-ports. Then Paulette’s voice came
through, clear and triumphant.

  “I got rid of it, Adam, and here’s Jake.
He’s all right, I guess.”

  “Everyone attention,” said Adam, pick-
ing himself up. “Make toward the direc-
tion where that explosion came from. Then
join hands and get back into the ship,
quick!”

  A few moments later, when the space
suits had been put away, and the men were
dispersing along the corridors to their
cabins, Paulette touched Adam’s arm.

  “What was the idea of keeping asking
for those compass bearings?” she said.
‘‘We found the main lock all right, didn’t
we?”

  “Yes,” replied Adam shortly, “thanks to
your compass. And thanks to you, too,
Jake’s life was saved. But didn't you hear
the reports from those others? Every one
of those compasses was wrong, sometimes
wrong by a whole degree, and every one
was different.”

  “I don’t understand,” replied the girl.
“Didn’t you have the compasses checked
before you started?”

  “That’s just the point. I did have them
checked and adjusted. And Professor
Reuter was the man who adjusted them.
If you hadn’t been with us—”

66 TTELLO, earth! This is Paulette

  1 I deVries, speaking to you from
Pinto. In about an hour or more we’ll be
through, one way or another. The digging
has gone down to a depth of fifty feet,
sheathed in its steel casing, and there’s no
sign of beryllium yet. We haven’t enough
fuel to try another dig. I’ve just been
down in the well the men have sunk, look-
ing it over. They’re working at the bottom
with the new aiomic power diggers, that
compress the material taken out of the
well into a fused, rocklike substance with
which the walls of the well itself are lined
as they go down, making it safer the deeper
they get. One strange thing about the
digging so far is that the temperature has
advanced sharply as we go down. The
ocean from which we’re working is two
hundred below zero as you know. Down
there they struck rock colder than any ice
on earth at the start and had to work in
warm air supplied from the ship. Now
the temperature has gone up at least a
hundred degrees, and its rising faster with
every foot. Just a minute. People are
hurrying past me, there’s been some kind
of an accident at the dig. I’ll have the de-
tails for you. ..."

  The girl snapped off her key and hurried
down the corridor to the open lock. Above
her the loudspeaker system was booming:
“All watches. Summon all watches. Sec-
ond Mate Wayland report to Captain Mc-
Causland. Diggers have broken through
into a cavern. Seven men have fallen. All
watches.”

  Two or three men were standing at the
edge of the air-lock, gazing down the spiral
staircase that wound its way into the dig-
ging.

  “Who's down there?” asked Paulette.

  The man saluted. “First Mate Long-
worth,” he replied. “Six men with him.
We’re trying communication by radio, but
haven’t got in touch with him yet.”

  An icy hand gripped tightly at Paulette’s
heart.

  “Adam!” she cried and was surprised to
discover there were tears in her eyes, as
a touch fell on her shoulder, and she looked
around to see the face of Captain Walter
McCausland.

  “What’s the matter, my dear ?” he asked.

  “Your dear!” she half shrieked. “I’m
68	PLANET

not your dear, and I wouldn't marry you
if you were the last man on earth! You
did this I”

  The captain’s mouth curled in a sneer.
“So that’s it, is it? He’s persuaded you
he can run you as well as the expedition.
Well, I hope he can run things down where
he is as well as he can everything else.” He
turned on his heel and walked away with-
out another word.

IT seemed useless to go any deeper, but
Adam, driving the digging machines
hard at the bottom of the excavation, was
determined not to give up till he was called
back. There would be no more excava-
tions; there was no more fuel to take the
Goddard to another spot. The lights, led
down from the ship, flared about them, the
tongues of the atomic power rasps worked
against the rocks with an annoying, grat-
ing sound, discharging their take of pow-
dered rock into the machine that fused it,
and worked slowly around the circular wall
of the excavation behind them, plastering
it with white-hot material that cooled rap-
idly into the smooth, stony cylinder that
towered far above to join with the ship.

  Suddenly, one of the diggers took on a
new, high-pitched note. Adam turned; and
as he turned felt himself slipping, clutched
at something, and the next minute was
sliding down, down, a long slant it seemed
into total darkness. A weight gripped him
around the chest; he rolled over, but his
hands caught only loose stones, and when
the slide came to a stop as abrupt as its
beginning, he found himself lying on his
back, the weight across his legs, looking
up, far up toward where a speck of light
from the ship seemed miles away.

  He reached out one hand and touched
something as smooth as though it were
polished and gently warm. “Mr. Adam!”
said a voice suddenly, and he recognized
it as Jake’s. ‘Are you all right, Mr.
Adam?”

  “I think so, but my legs are caught.”

  “I’ll get you free in a minute. Anybody
else?”

  “I got hit in the belly,” came a voice.
“Where’s Flack?”

  The engineer was lifting something.
“Can you get out there now, Mr. Adam?
We’ll be all right in a minute.” Adam

STORIES

gave a heave, felt his entangled legs slide
free and pulled himself onto a pile of debris
just as a light glared on like a star from
one of the other men.

  “Are we all here? Where’s Flack?”
There was a counting of noses and a gen-
eral feeling of bodies for bruises. Above
them, where the wall of the cylinder
stopped, they could make out that the sud-
den break through had carried them down
some twenty feet. “Here he is. Just an
arm sticking out. I’m afraid he’s done
for. Come here, everyone.”

  One of the digging machines was brought
into play and they labored to get the pris-
oned man free, but as they cleared the
broken stone and rubble from around his
face, it became evident that the effort was
useless. The eyes were glazed, the head
hung limp. Adam stepped back against the
wall of the cave-in around them, and as
he did so his hand touched it. Once more
he noticed it was both smooth and warm.
He turned, and in the light of the atomic
lamps now blazing across the top of the
cave-in examined it. It was not only
smooth and warm, but polished; and just
over his head he could see where the rock
stopped and metal began—a clean-fitted
job, a manufactured wall!

  “Jake!” he called excitedly, “bring that
digging machine over here for a second.
The one with the cutting head.”

  The little engineer turned, and bounded
over in a couple of steps, digging machine
in hand. “Why, that’s a metal wall,” he
cried, and applied the head for a moment
in a brief surge of power. The bit cut
out an inch-deep circle of metal, dropping
it on some of the rubble with a tinny
clang. Jake bent to pick it up.

  “It’s light enough to be beryllium,” he
said, handing the disc to Adam, and turn-
ing back to the wall, drove his cutter into
it with renewed energy.

  “What are you doing?” demanded the
mate, hefting the disc of metal.

  “This wall sounds hollow. Here goes!’’
He had driven the machine deep in, and
stepping back, pulled the handle marked
“Split.” There was a sudden rending
clang; a crash and a six-foot section of
the wall fell inwards. The two men stared
into the hole it had left, heedless of the
fact that the other members of the exca-
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

69

vating crew were crowding up behind them.

  They were looking into a low square
room, perhaps twenty feet across. At the
far side was a doorway, and in the door-
way stood a man!

  To be sure he was such a man as none
of them had ever before seen. He was
not over four and a half feet tall, yet with
arms as long as an earthling’s hanging
down below his knees, tremendously broad
shoulders, and a head that seemed per-
manently pushed forward and downward
above them. Below that head the creature
was wrapped from neck to toe in some
shimmering blue material with a metallic
luster, banded around the arms and legs
with red metal.

  As they gazed in astonishment, the man
took two steps forward, his head bobbing
on his neck at each step, opened his lips,
and uttered “Wahwahroo!” in a voice thick
with gutturals.

ADAM glanced around at his own men,
then once more at the Plutonian
dwarf, whose face, as far as he could judge,
bore an expression of intense interest
rather than of fear or anger. The remark,
he judged, would be a greeting.

  “Wahwahroo!” he replied amiably, but
the Plutonian continued to stare in a man-
ner that indicated Adam’s first lesson in
this unknown tongue was far from a suc-
cess.

  “Stand by,” he remarked to the crew.
"I'm going in and try to talk to this bird.
Ma}' be trouble.” Catching the sides of
the split in the wall, he jumped down in
a small cascade of pebbles that rang on the
floor below in a manner which assured him
this also was metal.

  “I don’t understand what you're saying,
old man,” he remarked to the Plutonian,
who had remained standing in the door-
way, and touching a finger to lips and ears
to emphasize the point. “I don’t under-
stand, but maybe you’ll be able to get it
from a picture.”

  From one of his pockets he produced
a piece of paper, and with one of the new
print-pencils that had just been developed,
sketched rapidly at a crude drawing of a
rocket-ship with little men issuing from
beneath it into the waves of an ocean.

  The Plutonian accepted it from his hand,

looked at it with a puzzled expression, then
returned it, nodding violently, but with
an expression on his face that bespoke
complete lack of comprehension.

  “Mr. Adam!” It was Jake’s voice from
the door. “I’m sending the others back
with Flack to get some weapons.”

  “All right. Just stay there to keep up
communication, Jake,” Adam called back.
“I'm trying to get over the idea to this
guy that we’re civilized.”

  He stepped over to the wall of the room
and with his print-pencil tapped on the
metal “Ping!” then twice “Ping-Ping” and
then three times, “Ping-Ping-Ping.”

  The Plutonian watched him attentively,
grimaced with thick lips, and then catching
Adam’s eye, tapped with his foot, once,
then twice, then three times in quick suc-
cession. Adam smiled approval; the Plu-
tonian reached out, took the drawing again
and studied it gravely for a moment, then
pointed at one of the little figures, at Adam,
and smiled.

  Adam did his best to signify that the
Plutonian had grasped the point. The
dwarf held up one hand, palm out toward
Adam, then turned to the door behind him.
Adam watched without moving, and a
frown spread across the Plutonian’s face.

  “I got it, Mr. Adam,” called Jake from
the rent in the wall, “all the signals are
different here. He holds up his hand to
stop you because he wants you to come
along.”

  It might be. Adam took an experimental
step toward the Plutonian, and saw the
latter’s face clear. They reached the door
together, and Adam noticed it did not open
on hinges, but slid. The Plutonian touched
some kind of lever or contact in the frame,
uttered something in his deep voice, and
stood waiting. Beyond the door, Adam
noticed, was another room, perfectly dark,
but as the Plutonian stopped speaking,
there was a rustle of feet within and a file
of half a dozen dwarfs emerged, each an
exact duplicate of the first as nearly as
Adam could judge. They formed a circle,
staring at Adam and at the torn wall with
Jake gazing through Each in turn stepped
forward, examined Adam from head to
foot and having emitted a few expressive
grunts took his place in the circle again. All
seemed friendly, but after the last one had
70	PLANET

looked over Adam, one of the Plutonians
produced some kind of weapon with a
hammer-like head and a handle set cross-
wise, and waved the earth-man back toward
the tear in the wall.

  Adam looked around at Jake, saw that
he had one of the digging machines in his
hand, and decided that retreat toward this
protection was the best policy. But it was
not the Plutonians intention to dismiss
him, evidently. One of them, whose metal-
lic armbands were more numerous than
the rest, stepped forward, reached for
Adam’s print-pencil, and when Adam
added to it his piece of paper, was busy
for a moment.

ON the paper, when he handed it to
the earth-man, were seven groups of
dots, one in the first, two in the second,
three in the third, regularly up to seven
dots in the seventh group.

  The dwarf pointed to himself, then to
the single dot; and followed by indicating
each of the other six Plutonians, in turn
with one of the lines of dots.

  When this effort at communication had
been executed, he pointed to the single dot
again, then to Adam, and finally to the
wall.

  “What does he want ?” asked Jake.
“What’s he trying to get at ?”

  “I think I know,” replied Adam. “See
these numbers of dots? He's trying to
tell me he’s the number one man here, and
he wants to talk to our number one man.”
He turned to the Plutonian, saluting, and
laughed to see the dwarf returning him a
carbon copy of the movement.

  “I’ll stay here,” he said to Jake. “As
soon as they get that emergency ladder in
position report to Captain McCausland and
ask him whether he can come down. You
might take along those metal samples you
routed out. Ask Dr. Perkins to test them
for beryllium. They’re light and strong
enough to be the stuff.”

      ENERAL staff assembly in the
VJ mess room! Time one-two-four-
five. General staff assembly in the mess
room! Time, one-two-four-five. General—”
The ship’s loudspeakers were carrying
the message all through the big hull, and
even down into the base of the tunnel

STORIES

where the spiral stair of alloy had now
been carried to the spot of the cave-in,
and Second Mate Wayland was superin-
tending the job of fusing some of the debris
into place to strengthen and lengthen the
cylinder.

  Coming down the corridor toward the
mess room, Adam almost ran into Paulette.
She took his hand impulsively. “I’m so
glad for you, Adam,” she said. “You
wanted this expedition to succeed so much,
and you’ve worked so hard on it.”

  He smiled wryly. “Lot of good it’ll do
me now. The captain’s going to turn in
an unfavorable report and he’s even now
threatening to demote me to the engine
room.”

  The girl’s eyes flashed. “Never mind.
You forget that I’m the power of the press.
When Paulette deVries, the radio gal, lets
go, Captain Walter McCausland is going
to be good and sorry for some of the things
he’s done.”

  Adam stopped and stared at her in
amazement. “Why, I thought you were
going to marry him!”

  “Him! I wouldn't marry him if he were
the last man on—on Pluto.'’ She gave a
laugh that was half a sob.

  “Then—then, there’s a chance—”

  “Sssh. Here we are.”

  The scientific staff, Dr. Perkins, Pro-
fessor Reuter, three assistants, the medical
staff and a geographer, were at the front
of the room, with the second and third
mates, and the other officers of the expedi-
tion, Captain McCausland in their midst.
As Adam and Paulette, the last to enter,
came in, McCausland glanced at them
sharply under lowered brows. Adam real-
ized suddenly that he was holding the girl’s
hand and dropped it; someone laughed, and
McCausland’s hard, thin face was etched <
in a sneer.

  “Miss deVries,” he said. “I called the
entire staff together to listen to this report
on the sample of metal brought from be-
low, because it is very important. Would
you be good enough to open your key and
make a record of this report ?”

  The girl obediently snapped the switch
on the device that hung at her chest, and
spoke briefly into it. “Hello, earth! Pau-
lette deVries speaking. We are about to
hear the report on the metal found in the
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

71

digging on Pluto. Dr. Perkins, our chem-
ist, will speak first. . .

  Perkins’ report was brief. “I have made
spectroscopic tests on the metal brought
from the digging, and which is used by
the inhabitants of the interior of Pluto.
It registers as certainly beryllium.”

PAULETTE was about to speak again,
when McCausland held up his hand. “I
would like to hear from Professor Reu-
ter,” he said. “He conducted the chemical
and physical analyses of the metal after
Dr. Perkins had finished his spectroscopic
tests.”

  Professor Reuter’s oily voice boomed
out. “I regret to say that although this
metal responds to the spectroscopic tests
for beryllium, it will not do for our pur-
pose. It is, in fact, an isotope of beryl-
lium, a metal which resembles it spectro-
scopically but not physically. The weight
is wrong; the metal is much too heavy and
will not do for making armor for space
ships.”

  “But—but—” babbled Adam. “I didn’t
weigh it, of course, but it seemed very
light to me.”

  “And to me also,” remarked Dr. Per-
kins. There was a frown of puzzlement
if not of suspicion between his brows.

  “Miss deVries, you will not make a
record of this useless argument,” snapped
McCausland. “Professor Reuter will ex-
plain—”

  “I will explain that the sample in its
original form was full of air particles, like
a fine sponge,” remarked the professor
easily, but with his mouth working. “The
Plutonians evidently have some process of
lightening in this fashion.”

  “Isn’t there any way of treating it?”
McCausland turned to Dr. Perkins.
“Will you explain to our young but over-
enthusiastic friend about that?”

  Dr. Perkins shook his head. The frown
still persisted. “Not if it’s a true isotope.
That would be the same thing as trans-
muting elements. But I still confess I do
not entirely understand.”

  McCausland took up the word swiftly.
“Meanwhile, since it is certain that the
metal used by these Plutonians will not
do for our purpose, I think it important
that we at least look into the composition

of their civilization to some extent,” he
remarked. “I propose to investigate them
with Professor Reuter’s co-operation. Mis-
ter Longworth, you will take charge of the
ship guard.”

  Paulette spoke up suddenly. “Captain
McCausland, I think it is important that
I go with you on making this contact with
the Plutonians. Certainly everyone on the
three planets will want to knowabout them.”
The captain’s mouth writhed a moment,
and Adam noticed the glance he shot at
Professor Reuter, but his voice was smooth.
“To be sure, Miss deVries. I think, then,
this is all that comes before the present
meeting. Dismiss.”

THE space in front of the metal wall
that shut off the Plutonian domain
had been cleared. As Paulette, accompanied
by Professor Reuter, McCausland, and
Bjornsen of the engine-room staff, reached
the bottom of the dig and stepped over to
it, they noted that although the wall still
showed part of the jagged break, a door
had been fitted to fill most of the gap.

  The four stepped over to it, and Mc-
Causland tapped at the door. There was
no answer at first, then from the other
side there came an answering tapping—one
tap, then two, then three, as though for a
signal. McCausland answered in the same
fashion, and after a moment the door slid
back, revealing one of the strange ape men
of Pluto. He saluted in a strange copy
of the movement Adam had made at the
time of their first contact, and McCaus-
land, returning the salute, stepped through
the door, and producing a piece of paper
from his pocket began to make sketches,
while the dwarf watched with interest, his
face working rapidly to indicate compre-
hension.

  After a moment the captain beckoned to
Reuter and both stepped down into the
Plutonian room, leaving Paulette and
Bjornsen on the heap of rubble at the base
of the digging. The girl looked round,
then in a low voice, said to the engineer:
“Will you do me a favor?”

  “Sure. What is it?”

  “I’d like a souvenir. See where that
part of the wall is torn? Could you break
me off a little sliver of that metal to take
back with me?"
72

PLANET STORIES

  “Simple.” The giant mechanic stepped
over to the wall and twisted at a rag of
metal. It tore loose with a little ping!
The other two were absorbed in their pen-
cil-and-paper conversation with the Plu-
tonian and did not appear to notice as
Paulette slipped the fragment into the
pocket of her skirt.

  Bjornsen’s eye looked along the crack
and the fitting of the door, and he was
shaking his head, clucking despondently.
“These people,” he said. “They are bad
mechanics. Look at that joint. I'll fix
it for them.”

  He bent and picked up one of the atomic
power drills that had been left at the foot
of the dig, and applying it to the wall,
turned on the power. As he did so, there
was a commotion; a dozen or more of the
Plutonians, all dressed in the same wrap-
pings, but with varying numbers of metal
bands, came pouring through the back door
of the room. McCausland turned fiercely.
“Drop that!” he shouted. “Do you want
to bring them all down on us ?”

  “I was just repairing this break for
them,” replied the engineer.

  “Don’t touch anything that doesn’t be-
long to you,” replied the captain, and turn-
ing, began to draw rapidly on his paper.

THE crowding Plutonians, gabbling in
their guttural language, were examin-
ing the work that Bjornsen had done, gaz-
ing at him admiringly and then at the
power drill he had used. Three or four
of them attached themselves to him, while
another picked up the machine, and pulled
him along as though to lead him through
the rear door of the room, while their chief
made a rapid drawing for McCausland.

  “They want you to go with them and
work for them,” explained Reuter, peering
over the Plutonian’s shoulder as he
sketched. “Just disengage their hands,
gently, Bjornsen. We’ll explain.”

  “Yes,” said McCausland, “and go back
up to the ship. You and Miss deVries
both. I don’t care how important this is
for purposes of record. That's an order.
Go!”

  Adam was on duty at the head of the
spiral stair when they arrived. “Did you
get it?” he asked.

  Paulette put a finger on her lips and

glanced at Bjornsen, then as though re-
ferring to some previous arrangement, said
easily, “Do you suppose Dr. Perkins will
explain the matter now?”

  “I think so,” he replied, catching on
quickly. “I’ll leave Burchall in charge of
the watch and we can go up and see him
at all events.”

  A few moments later they had reached
the top of the ship where the scientific
laboratories were located in a series of
outer compartments. Dr. Perkins looked
up from his desk as the pair entered.

  “Hello, Miss deVries,” he said. “Glad
to see you, Longworth. What’s on your
mind?”

  Adam spoke. “I just wanted to ask you
two questions.”

  “Go ahead.”

  “Well, die first is—what did you think
of that isotope business?”

  The chemist's face gathered in a frown.
“I think it was rather a tragedy. After
so much effort and such high hopes! The
world can go back to barbarism again now,
and it will be barbarism, too. All the
machinery will have to be built to use crude
electric power, the standard of living will
have to be reduced, and only a few people
will profit—the people who own the electric
plants. ...” He glanced at Paulette.
“Is this an interview for the press ?”
“No,” replied Adam slowly, ‘‘and that
wasn’t exactly the answer I wanted. But
perhaps you’ll understand from the second
question. Why did Professor Reuter make
the test on that beryllium instead of you?
I understood you were the chemist of the
expedition.”

PERKINS glanced at him sharply. “I
might say that you take a good deal of
interest in a good many things, young
man. Captain McCausland remarked about
that already. But for your information,
Professor Reuter is the head of the scien-
tific staff, and is perfectly adequate to con-
duct so simple an examination. You aren’t
insinuating he isn’t capable, by any
chance ?”

  An irritated retort rose to Adam’s lips,
but before he could make it Paulette laid
her hand 011 his arm and broke in: “Mr.
Longworth, of course, doesn’t mean to in-
sinuate anything. Dr. Perkins. He came
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO	73

with me, because as press representative
I felt that we ought to be perfectly sure
in a matter that so vitally affects the fu-
ture of the world. There are going to be
quite a number of questions asked when
we return and I thought we ought to have
a confirming test made by you.”

   A curious expression flashed across Per-
kins’ face. “Reuter should have allowed
me to make one in any case, I think,” he
said. ‘‘Where can I get a sample?”

  "I have one here.” The girl produced
the fragment Bjornsen had wrenched loose
for her.

   “You needn’t mention this to anyone till
we get back to the earth,” said Dr. Per-
kins, sawing the sample in two. “I wouldn’t
want to appear insubordinate. Now, let’s
see, we’ll leave the spectroscope test out
—that was made on the other sample.”
He sliced off a shaving, set it on the view-
ing table and adjusted the light. “That’s
odd,” he remarked after a moment.
“There’s no sign of the air bubbles Reuter
found in the other sample.”

  One of the other fragments he dropped
into a crucible, set the dial at 900 degrees
and flicked on the little motor that would
melt it by atomic power heat.

  Adam watched breathlessly as the oven
was opened, the little molten globe of sil-
very metal quenched in acid, then dropped
into an open-ended pipette and the con-
tainer filled with liquid.

  “The difference between what that
pipette held and what it should hold,” ex-
plained Dr. Perkins as he adjusted a scale
to weigh the liquid, which had been poured
off, “will be the displacement of the sample.
See—2.4 cubic centimeters. Now the
weight. We read it direcdy by putting
the displaced weight in water on one arm
of the scale and the sample of metal on
the other. Now, when they balance the
pointer—my God! Longworth!”

  There was a ghost of a smile around
Adam’s mouth; Paulette gripped his arm.
“Yes?”

   “Longworth, the specific gravity is 1.93!
This is more than important, it’s vital!
I’m going to call in my assistant and make
that test over again, spectroscope and all.
This is no isotope. This is perfecdy gen-
uine beryllium. How could Reuter have
made such an error!”

  Adam and Paulette left the chemist

feverishly ringing for his assistant.

((T TELL you, Walter, I don’t like it.

   -L We’ve got to get out of here.” Pro-
fessor Reuter's usually smooth voice had
an edge of worry and his fat face was
haggard.

   “What’s the matter, losing your nerve?”
taunted Captain McCausland.

   The professor slapped the table of the
cabin to which they had returned from
their visit to the subsoil of Pluto. “I tell
you, Walter, I’m risking everything by go-
ing on. My own men are wondering about
that fluorine fiasco, and Perkins was just
able to swallow my analysis of the beryl-
lium and no more. I have a scientific
reputation to keep up, you want to remem-
ber ; it won’t do me any good to succeed
if I go back with my reputation for ac-
curacy in tatters.”

  “Reputation!” McCausland’s voice was
mocking. ‘‘Just like a school girl, afraid
to be caught out with the boys. Why, you
old goat, if anything went wrong now, do
you suppose anyone would blame me? No,
they wouldn’t. I only acted on the advice
of my head of science. You’re in this right
up to the neck, Reuter, reputation or no
reputation, and now you're going to see
it through—on the lines I mark out for
you.”

   The professor's weak anger collapsed.
“Now, now, Walter, don’t be angry. I
had no intention of falling down on you.
But it seems to me that I’m taking a good
deal of the risk, while you—

   “While I’m going to get all the profit, I
suppose? Now, listen; you have as many
shares as I have. Anyway, we can settle
such details at a later date. What we’ve
got to work out now is details. That young
Longworth suspects, I’m sure, and he’s
got the girl onto his side.”''

  The professor’s voice became smooth
and unctuous again. “It was too bad about
that rocket-pistol. You’re sure they didn't
suspect anything about that?”

  “Wouldn’t Longworth have mentioned
it ? He’s just the sort of hot-headed young
busybody who would burst out with the
whole story. No, he lost it all right. The
main tiling now is to keep any of the rest
of them from getting a sample of that
74	PLANET STORIES

unalloyed beryllium wall down there.”

  “In which you are fortunately aided by
the Plutonians’ interest in Bjornsen. You
can give orders now that the thing isn’t
to be touched for fear of provoking them.
They’re amazingly strong, physically, by
the way.”

  “We might—” What it was that Mc-
Causland was going to suggest they might
do was never finished. The buzzer at the
door sounded at that moment, and as the
captain said, “Come in,” the pair of con-
spirators looked up to see a little proces-
sion, composed of Dr. Perkins, his two
assistants, Adam and Paulette coming in.
The face of the chemist was alight.

  “Gentlemen!” he exclaimed. “I am glad
to say that our expedition is a success after
all. I have found another sample of beryl-
lium and tested it. There is no indication
of isotope; the weight is correct, and it
has been checked by these two gentlemen.
We’re saved.”

  There was a rasping sound from Pro-
fessor Reuter’s throat, but McCausland’s
saturnine face never altered.

  “And where did this other sample come
from ?”

  “From a different portion of the wall,”
replied Paulette. “I found it.”

  “Probably beryllium exists in both forms
here,” remarked the captain easily. “But
in any case, I hardly see how that affects
our problem. What do you propose to
do?”

  “Do! Load up with beryllium and head
for home,” cried Adam.

  “Unfortunately the beryllium belongs to
the Plutonians. They use it in these par-
titioned compartments to keep out the in-
tensely cold ocean that surrounds their
planet. I do not well see how we can
deprive them of it, especially over their
opposition.” He gathered a sheaf of pa-
pers from his desk. “Here are the notes
of a picture-conversation I have had with
them. They naturally decline to part with
their metal. I had the idea of taking some
of this isotope beryllium back with us.”

  There was a moment’s silence in the
cabin, through which came the wheezing
sound of Professor Reuter’s breath, heavily
indrawn.

“I know that,” said Adam after a mo-
ment. “Because I have just been down

to the bottom of the dig, and held a picture
conversation with the Plutonians. Would
you be good enough to look at these, sir?
The Plutonians say that they are only
anxious to have these compartments built
against the entrance of the ocean. When
I offered to replace any beryllium we took
with walls of our stronger steel alloy, they
agreed at once to give us all we wanted.
We can use the steel from compartment
eighteen.”

  “Why . . . that’s fine, Mister Mate.”
Captain McCausland seemed to be drawing
his breath in with some difficulty. “I con-
gratulate you. You may start work at
once.”

  “Oh, my Lord!” said Reuter softly.

TELLO, Earth! This is Paulette

  JL 1 deVries, recording for later broad-
cast. This, folks, is our last day on the
planet Pluto—our last day by earth time,
though the Plutonians wouldn’t recognize
it. They seem to have no sense of time or
time-telling instruments. I told you in
our last record how the ship has been
loaded with beryllium. We have her full
now of as much of the metal as we can
carry. Compartment eighteen has been cut
away, and the ship neatly joined together
along the line of the cut, the metal that
armored the compartment has been worked
over into partitions to replace the beryllium
from Pluto.

  “The entire crew has been given shore
leave for this last day. Only Captain Mc-
Causland and Professor Reuter will remain
aboard the ship, with your radio gal,
Paulette deVries herself. I have to work
up my description of the interior of Pluto,
gathered on my trip a few days ago.

  “Just for the present I’ll tell you it’s
a wonderful world down there—four thou-
sand miles in the center of a planet, filled
with streets and houses, plants grown by
artificial chemical fertilization. ''Never any
bad weather. The Plutonians who live here
have told us in their picture language that
this planet was the center of life in the
solar system. Millions of years ago, when
the sun was much larger, they sent out ex-
peditions to the other planets, of which
earth was one. We may be descendants
of theirs. . . . Just a moment, there’s
someone at my door. Signing off.”
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO

75

  She flicked off the key and opened the
door to reveal Captain Walter McCaus-
land.

  “Oh. hello,” she said.

  “Paulette—Miss deVries,” he said ear-
nestly, “can you come to my cabin for a
few minutes? I want to say something
very important to you where we won't be
interrupted.”

  “If it’s important.”

  “It is.” He stood aside for her to pass
and they moved silently down the empty
corridor to his cabin. When they were
seated he looked at her seriously for a
moment.

  “I never asked you why you took it upon
yourself to break off our engagement in
so dramatic a manner.

  “The reason was sufficient for me. It
doesn’t matter otherwise.”

  His lips drew back. “I suppose it has
something to do with that young puppy
of a mate.”

  “That, Captain McCausland, is none of
your business.”

  He leaned forward. “Paulette, stop
fencing with me. I’ll be frank. You know
that not everything has gone smoothly on
this expedition. You may think you know
the reason; perhaps you do. And then
again, perhaps I know a lot more about
it than you do. You think that the expedi-
tion is a great success so far, but I want
to remind you that we’re not home yet.
We haven’t even left Pluto and those queer
people down there. I think—that is—if
you really want to be certain that we will
get back to earth with our load of beryl-
lium, it might be an extremely good idea
if you reconsidered your breaking the en-
gagement.”

  She spoke with acidity.

  “Captain McCausland, I still wouldn’t
marry you if you were the last man on
earth. Anything else—”

  The buzzer whirred and a voice spoke
through the loudspeaker system. “Profes-
sor Reuter requests Captain McCausland’s
presence in the laboratory. Professor
Reuter requests—”

  The captain snapped his key, said, “Com-
ing,” and then turned to Paulette. “Wait
here. I haven’t finished. There’s some-
thing more important—” and was gone,
leaving her there.

IT was a chance for which she had long
hoped. Perhaps she could discover why
he seemed to be intent on wrecking his
own expedition. She glanced about her
noting every possible location for hidden
things. There was the chart rack, full of
rolled maps. Not likely. Then the book-
case, rows of neat bound volumes. There
remained the desk and the safe. Methodi-
cally she examined drawer after drawer,
feeling sure that nothing very important
would have been left so loosely about.
There was nothing—but what was this? A
slip of paper on which were written four
numbers and the words, “Changed
4/14/2432.”

  She pocketed it quickly'.

  Hastily she went to the safe and tried
out the simple number locks—to find the
handle swing instantly open! Its contents
were two bundles of papers. The first
consisted of ancient stock certificates. Her
eye glanced at the name on one, one thou-
sand shares of Niagara Hydro to Walter
McCausland. Worthless old things . . .
but kept in the safe! Then the light broke.
She pieced together a dozen slight refer-
ences from remembered conversations—
Walter's warm liking for the ancient days
of electricity and steam, his hatred of mod-
em things. He had plotted to turn the
world back four centuries; to destroy the
whole system that had been built on atomic
power. And, she realized as she explored
the thick pile of stocks that he would be
the richest man in that restored world. It
was a wild dream, an insane one, yet she
shuddered as she thought how nearly he
had succeeded.

  Idly she glanced at the other slab of
paper—the drawn conversations with the
Plutonians. Nothing else. But why were
they also kept in the safe? She glanced
hurriedly through them, frowned at one,
and then gasped in sheer horror as she
understood it. It was an incredible draw-
ing of dwarf men who thrust taller humans
into a tank of water, while other dwarfs
bowed in a strange ritual. But the horror
was for the vague thing drawn inside the
tank—it was impossible, yet what mistake
could there be? . . . She must hurry
. . . hurry . . . yet she banged the safe
shut and locked it, before leaving and
rushing down the corridor with the bundle
76	PLANET

of drawings hugged to her gasping breast.

McCAUSLAND’S face was drawn
w'ith some nameless thought, but his
eyes narrowed shrewdly enough when he
saw the girl had left. Hastily he tried the
safe and found it locked. Reuter came in
and asked, “Where’s the girl?”

“Gone back to her cabin, most likely.”
The professor’s eyes glanced idly ">ver
the floor and grew large. McCausland
looked where he pointed. There between
desk and safe lay a stock certificate!

  Reuter was the first to recover his
speech. “Left her alone here, eh? Try
the safe. ...” But McCausland was al-
ready opening it and together they stared
at the empty space where the Plutonian
drawings should have been.

  “Search the ship!” snapped the captain.
Then, “Well, Reuter, why are you look-
ing like that ?”

  “You don’t think she’s,” he licked his
lips furtively, “gone down there with the
others . . . trying to save them. ...”
Captain McCausland, gray in the face,
was shouting into the loudspeaker,
“Paulette! Paulette!”

  “She won’t answer you, if she's seen
those drawings,” reminded Reuter.

  Cursing, he rushed down the corridor
to the open lock that connected with the
Plutonian world below. Far down on the
bottom he glimpsed a familiar tiny figure
as it vanished from sight.

  “Paulette! Come back.” His voice was
a hoarse scream. He leaned against the
side of the lock and groaned.

  “Walter,” Reuter arrived panting, “she’s
gone. We can't help it. She turned you
down anyway, didn’t she? Let’s get the
ship out of here quick.”

  Walter’s face was ghastly pale, but he
straightened his back. “Do you think I’d
leave her! Those other fools, yes! But
not my girl, you old goat. She’s mine, I
tell you.”

  Reuter groaned.

  “But they’ll get you, too . . . you can’t
leave me alone here!”

  The captain turned back, snarling.
“That’s right. I won’t leave you. You’d
start the ship and leave us all, wouldn’t
you! Very w'ell; you’re coming, too!”

  A heavy hand dragged the screaming,

STORIES

protesting professor into the lock-door and
pushed him savagely down on the rungs
of the ladder.

ADAM herded the forty-six sight-seers
from the Goddard into the room.
He was a little puzzled. The Plutonians
now, on the last day, not only permitted
but actually suggested that the crew visit
their sacred temple. He looked hastily
around the ante-room, trying to keep the
men in order. The half dozen scientists
were everywhere, poking about into things
with cries of excitement. Two strangely
dressed guards began throwing open the
temple door and everyone surged forward.
Inside, they gazed open-mouthed. The
huge room was three times as high as the
usual low Plutonian ceiling, on which the
earthmen frequently bumped their heads.
At one end was a large gallery, ten feet
off the floor, and here, tier on tier, were
hundreds of the dwarfs. They rose at
the moment and began reciting a sonorous
chant.

  In the center of the room, twenty feet
square, milky blue, lit from unknown
depths below, was a glass tank. Adam saw,
with a gasp of horror and dread, the thing
that floated in it—it was a huge Amoeba.
He looked shrewdly about and noted the
reverent attitude of the gallery. Could this
horror be the Plutonians’ deity ? The Great
God Amoeba? Nervous now, he glanced
behind and shouted. The temple doors
were closing!

  “Wayland! Jake!” he cried, leaping to
the doors. A dozen men turned and came
on the run, but they pushed and battered
in vain on the smooth metal as the doors
clanged shut.

  “We’re prisoners!” snapped Adam.
“Anyone bring a weapon . . . anything
at all? Even a spanner, Bjornsen? A
bomb-spear, Rossiter? Don’t use it, fool,
you’ll kill us all! Well, we’re in a hell of
a fix! Our bare fists! Let’s get at those
dam’ dwrarfs on the balcony, anyway. Each
fellow boost his neighbor up. Ready ?”

  They rushed in a mob, and though the
ten-foot wall meant incredible height to
the dwarf Plutonians, their front ranks
drew back nervously, and the rearmost
made for the exits. When they saw these
earthmen climb on each other’s shoulders
EXPEDITION

and actually drawing themselves over into
the gallery they broke in a panic and milled
about the exits. Great Bjornsen was amopg
the first and while the others turned to aid
their companions, he charged roaring. But
a dozen of the dwarfs, dangerous as
trapped rats, threw themselves on him.
Three went down with pile-driver blows,
skulls cracked like egg-shells, but the giant
was pulled down by sheer numbers and
would have been killed on the spot had not
a cry from the rear of the balcony saved
him. The Plutonians were through the
doors, which were held open until the en-
gineer’s assailants rushed through, where-
upon they closed shut. The earthmen
charged and raged against them five min-
utes before Adam called them back.

  “Save your strength, men. This is a
good place to keep together and wait. It’s
all we can do . . . they’ll have to come
at us some time.'-’

MINUTES passed, slowly, watchfully.
Nerves were tense to the breaking
point. Then, on the ceiling low over their
heads at the back of the gallery the familiar
whining snarl of one of their own atomic
drills broke out. Adam crouched, muscles
ready for whatever might offer. The drill
droned on and the point showed through.
There was a pause and with a clang a great
section of the ceiling was wrenched up and
fell over on the floor above. And the open-
ing framed the face of Paulette deVries!

  “Come up!” she cried softly. “Oh hurry,
hurry!” and into Adam's ear she poured
her story, as soon as he had crawled on
Bjornsen’s shoulders to her side. Adam’s
voice immediately broke into action, urging
the men to greater speed. He lay on his
stomach reaching down to aid the climbers
from below. Bjornsen was the last man,
and as the strain of his weight fell on
Adam’s muscles he saw the door of the
temple open and a vast mob of Plutonian
guards rush in. Bjornsen was up now and
Paulette tugging at Adam to come, too,
but Adam had seen something—could it
be! Yes, no mistake. There were two
humans, still struggling, being carried
across the temple floor to the great tank.
A dozen dwarfs bore the leading man to
its brink and with a great heave and a
shout from the mob, he fell into the milky

TO PLUTO	77

water. “It’s the captain,” groaned Adam,
half-lowering himself as though to attempt
a rescue. But Bjornsen’s great arm gripped
his leg. “The dirty rat,” growled that
giant, “he’s gettin’ what he planned for
us. Anyway, it’s hopeless, sir.”

  And as he dragged Adam away from
the hole in the ceiling, he caught one last
glimpse of Walter McCausland, frantic
staring eyes pressed to the glass under
wat§r, as the great white Amoeba closed
its flesh around him and the man’s form
became cloudy and, after a moment, ceased
struggling.

  “Oh Adam, hurry!” moaned Paulette.

  They were in a low space, which ex-
tended in all directions, supported by squat
pillars. “It’s a sort of bulk-head space
above their hollow world—separates them
from the water above,” explained the girl.
“I broke into it from the dig-tunnel and if
we hurry. ...”

  “Mr. Longworth, sir,” a member of the
crew broke in excitedly. “I’ve still got
this bomb-spear. I can set it and time it
to go off. Why not leave it here behind
us, and blow this damn bulk-head to pieces.
Wipe out that lousy nest of murderers.”
He gripped the missile in his hands, and
bent over to place it against the bulk-head
wall. Adam turned to him flashingly.
“None of that, Rossiter. These people are
only protecting themselves. And if we
flood their world, we can never come back
to it for more beryllium. Come along,
we’ve got to move. . . . Did you hear
me, Rossiter ? I said to pick up that bomb
and come along.”

  Rossiter looked at Adam with red, fury-
filled eyes. “To hell with what you said,”
he screamed. “These lousy freaks killed
Captain McCausland. They’re not going
to kill me! Do you hear? They’re not
going to kill me! I’ll blow them all to
hell first. Yes, and us, too. Let me go!
They’ll kill me, you fool! Let me go!
Ah—a-a-a-ah!” He collapsed inertly to
the floor of the tunnel.

  Adam sucked his bruised knuckles, his
eyes like bits of flint. His gaze stabbed
at the silent circle of men around him.
“Anyone else feel the same way ?” he asked
quietly. “No? All right, we’ll go on.
Petersen, pick him up and carry him along.
He’ll be all right. He cracked, poor devil.”
78	PLANET

  They raced along the bulk-head, crouch-
ing in the confined space. After what
seemed ages, Paulette gasped. “Just ahead
of us ... see it .. . there!”

  The jagged hole in the wall appeared
before them, but even as they tore madly
toward it, it filled with a horde of seamed,
wrinkled faces, and squat, ugly bodies.
Adam knew there could be no hesitating.
If they stopped now, they were lost. “Don't
stop,” he shouted. “Keep going. Right
through ’em !” With a thudding shock the
earthmen met the dwarfs. Bare fists rose
and fell, flailing like sledge-hammers. The
brown horde fell back before the on-
slaught. Countless numbers were down,
skulls crushed like egg shells. Then sud-
denly the crunch of Bjornsen’s fists cleared
a gap, and the desperate crew plunged into
it. Ahead of them was the dig-tunnel,
with its ladder leading upward to the pre-
cious safety of the space-ship. The way
was clear, for the astounded Plutonians
had not had time to rally their scattered
forces.

 But Adam knew it would not be
long before they did. Across the inter-
vening space the little party dashed, straight
for the opening of the dig-tunnel. Fifty
feet. Just fifty feet above them was safety.
But climbing the ladder with an uncon-
scious man among them was torturingly
slow work. Adam was the last to go up.
As he passed the quarter mark, he heard
the enraged shouts of the dwarfs behind
him. He risked one quick look over his
shoulder. They were already pouring into
the tunnel, and the first ranks had started
to swarm the ladder. “Hurry,” he gasped.
“They’re coming up!” Like a snail he
climbed. Rung by slow rung. Time stood
still. There was no sound except the pant-
ing of the earthmen above, and the ever-
nearing swish of small slippered feet below.
Then Adam saw that the first of his crew
had reached the ship, and were clambering
through the port. He saw Paulette enter,
and hands reached down to help Petersen
and his unconscious burden. They could
go up faster now. Another moment or
two and they would be safe. Adam gasped
in relief as he saw the open port close
above him. Three more rungs. Two!
One!

  Something gripped his foot. Something

STORIES

that pulled, and clung like a vise in spite
of his frantic kicking. He looked down.
Twp of the Plutonians had grabbed him,
and bracing themselves were pulling fran-
tically. Helplessly he watched while
long, powerful arms went out, closed about
his other foot. He felt it pulled from the
rung, and now he hung there, held only
by his arms that grasped the rung above
him. Arms that creaked in their sockets,
until darting streaks of pain shot across
his eyes. Hands that were wet with sweat,
slipping . . . slipping. . . .

  “Quick sir. Here!” Adam's staring
eyes saw the huge figure of Bjornsen lean-
ing from the port above him. But so far
above him. The man could never reach
him. Then he felt strong huge hands that
gripped him by the arm-pits and pulled.
Pulled until he thought his body must tear
in two. But he was going up! With the
last of his strength he kicked his feet vi-
ciously, trying to dislodge those straining,
sinewy hands that gripped his legs. Then
suddenly, they let go. Like a limp bag
of sand he was hauled through the port,
and lay gasping on the flooring. “Quick!”
he croaked. “The door. Close it.” With
the clang of metal against metal he heard
it shut, and lay back, drawing in great
lungfuls of cool, refreshing air. After a
moment he clambered rockily to his feet.
His eyes met those of Bjornsen. His hand
went out, and was clasped in the Nor-
wegian’s great paw. “Thanks,” he said
quietly. “I shall never forget that.” He
shook his head, and passed an aching arm
across his eyes. Some measure of strength
returned to him, and with it the realization
that as officer in command, there was much
to be done. “To your stations, men. Pre-
pare to ascend immediately. Close the
inner hatch. We’re not safe yet. They
have our atomic drills, and if they start
to use them on the ship, we’re lost. Mr.
Wayland, come with me. Jake, to your
engines.”

  With Paulette at their heels, Adam and
Wayland hurried along the passages of
the great ship until they reached the con-
trol room. “Engines ready, Jake?” he
asked into the radiophone. “Stand by.
Very well, Mr. Wayland. Six ascensions
please.”

  Wayland gasped. “Six, sir! Why that’ll
EXPEDITION TO PLUTO	79

tear the ship to pieces. She won’t stand

it, sir!”

  Adam fixed him with cool eyes. “I said
six ascensions, Mr. Wayland.”

  Way land opened his mouth to protest
further, then closed it with a snap. “Very
good, sir. Six ascensions, sir.” He seized
a lever to the left of the control board,
moved it to neutral, then shoved it hard
over. Six red lights glowed suddenly on
the board. For a moment nothing hap-
pened, then deep in the bowels of the great
ship a low. almost inaudible whine started.
Like a siren it rose in pitch and tone, until
it sounded like a hundred banshees scream-
ing and wailing. A great shudder passed
through the ship from stem to stern. Like
a wounded beast struggling to rise she
strained upward from the bottom of the
icy ocean until it seemed she must tear
herself to flying, screaming fragments.
Wayland’s eyes were filled with fear.
Paulette stared unblinkingly, breathless, at
Adam. Little beads of sweat stole out on
his forehead, but with a calm he didn’t
feel he forced himself to keep his eyes on
the panel before him. “Let me know the
moment we’re clear,” he ordered. For a
long minute no one spoke. Then from the
control board a voice: “We’re clear, sir.”

  Wayland's eyes lost their wild look. A
great sigh heaved from his lips, and he
slumped to trembling relaxation. Paulette
uttered a single, glad cry, then sank gently
to the floor, while great sobs racked her
bowed head and trembling shoulders. “Re-
duce to two ascensions, Mr. Wayland.”
Adam’s voice was hoarsely unsteady. “In
two minutes plot your course and shift
your engines. We’re heading home.” Then
in two steps lie was beside Paulette, was
bending over to pick up the sobbing girl.
He held her close, with her arms curved
tightly around his neck, and her head
buried in his broad shoulder.

IT was a quiet group that gathered some
two hours later in the main cabin of
the Goddard. Every member of the
crew was there. Deep within the great hull
the engines were running smoothly. Out-
side the glassed ports the dark blue heavens
stretched away on all sides. Like the shim-
mer of a thousand diamonds against a

velvet backdrop the suns of the Milky Way

danced and glowed. At Adam’s side sat
.Wayland and Paulette. Adam looked at
those before him. “At ease, gentlemen.
With the grace of good fortune we are on
our way home. The expedition is a suc-
cess. A success, that is, materially. As
you all know, we have lost Captain Mc-
Causland and Dr. Reuter. If I am cor-
rect, you all know also the reason, and the
manner in which we lost them. Perhaps
Captain McCausland is not entirely to
blame. Perhaps it is given to every great
man to fail once. Whatever the reason,
he has always been—up to this trip—a hero
to all of us, and to the world. I must of
course make a complete report of his death.
That report will be: ‘Killed by the Plutoni-
ans in defense of his ship and his crew.’ ”

   For a long moment no one spoke. Then
Paulette, with tears of happiness dimming
her eyes, turned and gripped Adam’s hand
in her own. “My dear,” she smiled,
“thank you.” As Adam turned to her, he
felt Wayland gripping his other hand
tightly. “I understand, sir. Nothing will
be said.” Adam smiled tenderly at Paulette,
then his eyes turned anxiously to search
those of his crew. On every face was a
commending grin of approval. In every
pair of eyes was a promise that had been
given, and would be kept. With a sus-
picious huskiness in his voice, Adam drew
himself erect. “Thank you gentlemen,” he
said softly. The crew filed out.

   With his arm around Paulette, he drew
her gently to the starboard port, and
pointed to a dim, fast-receding, silver-
green orb. “There it is, darling. I don’t
know whether to curse it or bless it.” He
grinned at her quizzically. She came close
to him, and her arms stole gently about
him. “I’ll bless it as long as I live,” she
breathed.

   He held her close. His head bowed to
meet her soft, red lips.

  “Beg pardon, sir.” Wayland's voice
sounded far away.

   “Yes?” Adam did not turn his head.

   “The course it set, sir. Any further or-
ders, sir?”

  “Yes, Mr. Wayland. One.”

   “Yes, sir?”

   "Get out, Mr. Wayland.”
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

AND

TENNESSEE

To Play in the Rose Bowl on New Yeai's Day?

Or will mighty Fordham sail undefeated through a suicide schedule and cop the
Pasadena bid? On the Coast, Trojan rooters claim it’s in the bag for USC, but can
they stave off up-and-coming California and dark-horse Oregon State?

    Can Notre Dame win the national championship? Is Texas Christian as
strong as last year, despite the loss of All-Americans Davey O'Brien and Ki
Aldrich? And what about Pitt, where only two of last year’s regulars return for
the ’39 gridiron wars?

    For coast-to-coast football news and inside information, ILLUSTRATED
FOOTBALL ANNUAL is the bible of the football fraternity—coaches, players
and fans alike. It offers an expert,
breezily written preview—the real dope
on the stars, coaches, playing schedules
and prospects of teams the nation
over. In addition it contains over 600
pictures of star players.

96 Pages
•

printed in

Rotogravure
•

edited by

Eddie Dooley
•

chock full of

Action Pictures—

Game Pictures—

Players* Pictures
•

complete official

Schedules

NOW ON SALE
at all newsstands

GET YOUR COPY TODAY

80
   War-Lords of the Moon

By LINTON DAVIES

Bruce Ross, on the Earlh-Moon run, asked a simple question, “How
are the stars behaving, Harry?” But Harrell Moore could only
stare at him in horror. For the stars had run amok—cosmic en-
gines of destruction in the hands of the twisted genius of the Moon!

A FAINT quiver ran through the	Commander Bruce Ross nodded absently,

great hull of the rocket ship, and	The ship had shaken off the Earth-drag,

passed. The harsh drumming of	and the speed indicator climbed fast,

her motors died to a singing drone. Flight-	Eleven, twelve hundred miles an hour, the

6—Planet Stories—Winter	81
82

PLANET STORIES

flagship of the rocket-sliip fleet sped on its
way to the Moon.

  He moved to the forward telescope at
the side of the control cabin and squinted
at their objective. The pale circular bulk
of the Moon loomed larger than when he
had last observed it. He twisted to look
through the rear telescope, and saw with
satisfaction that the other seven ships of
his fleet were following in echelon, each a
mile and somewhat to the right of the one
before it.

  Ross grinned with pleasure. It wasn’t
his first trip to the Moon, but on that
earlier occasion, when Magnus, King of
the Moon People, had pledged a truce with
the Earth’s Council of Seven, he had com-
manded only the flagship. Now he had his
own flagship, larger and more powerful
that that outmoded rocket ship of five years
ago, and seven more fighting ships besides.
He strolled over to stand behiud his navi-
gator, plump, bespectacled Harrell Moore,
who was squinting strainedly through the
star-scope.

‘‘How are the stars behaving, Harry?”
Moore’s forehead was corrugated with
concern. Without taking his eye from the
scope he muttered sofdy, “Something
funny going on, Bruce.”

  He moved back to let his chief step to
the eye-piece. But before the flight-com-
mander could take the seat a sliding door
opened with a bang. The two turned,
startled.

  In the opening swayed a white-faced
clerk. “Sir,” he gasped, “there’s trouble
with communications!”

  “Well?” snapped Ross.

  The clerk brushed sweat off his brow.
“The ray-type machine’s gone dead, sir,
and the ray-phone’s crippled. We get only
a weak muffled voice from the Council of
Seven Headquarters!”

  “How about the blinkers from the other
ships?” snapped Ross.

  “Blinkers are working, sir—” The clerk
stopped short as Ross jumped to the rear
of the control room.

“Jorgens!” snapped Ross. “Signal each
ship, and ask if they’ve—they can get
Seven Headquarters on the ray-type!”
“Aye, sir!” The signal chief hastened
to the blinker buttons and began to rap

out the message. He was half through it
when a dull boom echoed like a sigh
through the control room.

ROSS and Moore exchanged startled
glances. Jorgens, white of face, looked
up, his hand poised as if paralyzed over
the buttons. Then Ross jumped to the
rear telescope, which commanded a view
of his following seven sfoips.

 There were only six. Where the
seventh—the last in the staggered-line—
should have been, a faint glow filled the
air. Ross stared at it, heart-sick. Was
that blow the last sign of his rear guard?
A rocket ship blotted out—destroyed! But
how? How?

  “Jorgens!” he snapped. “You had the
Moon on the ray-type a while ago! Try
to get that Peak One station again!”

  “Aye, sir,” breathed Jorgens shakily.
He tapped the black key, rattling the call
signal feverishly, then snapped on the re-
ceiver. The prong-like type fingers made
no move.

  “The ray-phone!” rasped Ross.

  The signal chief plugged the yellow
cylinder into its gray socket, and flashed
the light beside it. “First Fleet, calling
Peak One!” he chanted. “Peak One,
answer First Earth Fleet!”

  Ross, Moore and Jorgens held their
breath. No sound came through the ray-
phone trumpet. Jorgens lifted a gray face
toward Ross.	-

  The fleet commander smiled wryly.
“Let it go, Jorgens. Check all the bat-
teries and connections before you try
again.”

  As Jorgens nodded and disappeared to
trail the snaky coils of insulated ray-tubes
to their batten- reserves, Ross turned to
Moore. “Number Eight’s gone,” he said
softly.

  Moore blinked. “Gone? Where?”

  “Where the woodbine twineth,” said
Ross.

  Moore’s breath came faster. “Wiped
out?” He whipped off his spectacles and
polished them absently, his jaw working on
his half-forgotten chew of tobacco.
“Gone,” he muttered dazedly.

  A sudden thought struck Ross. He
gripped his navigator’s shoulder. “The
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON

83

stars! You said there was something
funny going on!”

  Moore’s eyes flashed. “Yes!” He
slapped his glasses on. “Come on! Let
me show you!” He led the way to the
star-scope.

  Ross, following, stopped as a signalman
approached with a typed message — the
answer to the blinker call that Jorgens had
started. The first sentence was short and
blunt. “Number Two reports ray-type
dead, ray-phone weak.” Messages from
the other five ships were identical except
in the case of Number Seven. An added
sentence from the last ship of the line
stood out on the page and Ross felt sick
inside as he read it. "Number Seven also
reports explosion on right quarter where
Number Eight was flying. No sign of
Number Eight.”

AT the star-scope Moore hovered as
Ross applied his eye to the powerful
lens. “That’s Denabola you’re on.” The
navigator’s jaw worked, his eyes glitter-
ing.

  “Dim,” muttered Ross. “Clouds?”
“No!” exploded Moore. “Denabola was
bright as ever, then suddenly went dim!”
Ross sat up quickly, a question in his
staring eyes.

  “You mean—the way the red stars go
dim when we drain them of the red rays
that power our ships and inter-planet
communications ?”

  “Just that way,” said Moore, blinking in
excitement.

  For a long moment their glances were
locked. Then Ross heaved a stifled sigh.
“This may mean a lot, Harry,” he mur-
mured. “I wonder if it might not even
mean—”

  “Whatever happened to Number Eight?”
asked Moore quickly.

  Slowly Ross nodded. “Let’s see. Dena-
bola’s a blue star. Have you checked on
any other blue stars?”

  Moore took the seat at the star scope.
“Only Vega. She’s dim, too. Let me
get Sirius.” He twirled a knob at the side
of the telescope barrel, then another, then
straightened, with an explosive gasp.
“Look at Sirius!”

  Ross looked and caught his breath.

Sirius, the brightest star in all the firma-
ment, was a dull lackluster thing.

  Flight-Commander Bruce Ross sat back
at the star-scope and pushed his space hel-
met off his head. He ran a steady hand
through his unruly blond hair, smoothing
out the tight wrinkles in his bi;oad forehead
as if to silence’the urgent question that
hammered in his brain. Something was
happening in the Jieavens, and all his lore
of flying and fighting might be none too
much to set against the celestial puzzle.

  “Harry,” he asked finally, “the Moon
Men know all about our red-ray work. Do
you suppose they’ve gone to work some-
how on the blue stars ?”

  Moore screwed up his face, blinking be-
hind his glasses. “Well,” he said finally,
“there’s Horta.”

  Ross nodded. “I was thinking of
Horta,” he admitted grimly. He had never
forgotten Horta, Lord of the Moon
Caverns, the darkly hostile savant who had
held out so long at that fateful conference
when the Council of Seven, rulers of the
Earth, had made their all-or-nothing flight
to the Moon, there to lay the question of
peace or war before Magnus, the Moon
King, and his lords. The Seven had won
Horta over finally by offering him all the
Earth secrets of the red rays that had
made Earth-Moon travel possible. They
had even set up a ray reservoir in Horta’s
great cavern, and had shown him how the
harnessed rays could provide power for
ships and explosive for sky-torpedoes.
Yet Horta had never succeeded in building
any but tiny ships that could barely cir-
cle the Moon, and he had denied any suc-
cess with the torpedoes. Only on the
ray-type and the ray-phone, essential to
Earth-Moon intercourse, had he followed
instructions with real results.

KinLUE rays, then?” muttered Ross,
XJ staring at Moore. He turned as
Jorgens appeared hesitantly. “Well?”
“Garbled message by ray-phone from
our Earth station, sir. From Censor
Trowbridge, apparently.” Jorgens handed
over a sheet of paper. “We put it down
as we heard it.”

  Ross and Moore bent over it eagerly.
“. . . trouble . . . Moon . . . Four . . Mag-
84

nus killed. . .

   . . bridge.”

  Ross wheeled on Jorgens.
killed? Is that what you heard?”

  Jorgens shook his head. ‘‘That's what it
sounded like,” he insisted. He flicked a
hand at the ray-phone. “And that’s all we
got. She went dead on us. But,” he
added hopefully, “the ray-type seems to be
coming to life.”

  “Good! Work on it, Jorgens. And
try for the Peak One Moon station, or
Peak Four.” Ross watched Jorgens join
the little group of signalmen toiling over
the ray-type machine, and shook his head.
“Did you get that, Harry? Magnus
killed.”

  Moore blinked inquiringly. “Do we go
on?”

  “Go on?” Ross hesitated. He read the
mangled dispatch, then squared his shoul-
ders. “Nothing here about turning back.
So on we go. Heaven knows what we’ll
find.”

  “Magnus dead.” Moore shook his head.
“Who takes over?”

  “On the Moon? I happen to know, be-
cause it came up at the conference five
years ago. Queen Boada and the two chief
lords form a Council of Three. That’ll
be Boada. Horta and Artana, Lord of the
Peaks. You remember him ?”

  “Sure.” Moore wagged his jaws, chew-
ing reminiscently. “Nice kid.”

“Well, he was sixteen then. He’ll be
twenty-one, grown up. And say! Remem-
ber the Princess? Illeria. She was four-
teen, she'll be nineteen now. Sweet kid.”
“Skinny,” grunted Moore.

  “Yes,” Ross agreed absently. “Well,
we’ll get a welcome from Boada and
Artana. Maybe Horta will kick up a fuss,
but he’s the minority.”

  The ray-type machine came to life with
a faint rattle. Jorgens watched it crit-
ically, then stared as the words ran out
on the page. He waited for the sentence
to finish, then snatched the sheet from the
machine and held it out in trembling fin-
gers to Ross.

  The message was brief. Ross read it,
shoved it at Moore, and grasped the orders
tube. “Gun crews!” he sang out. “Load
fore and after torpedo tubes and stand

He waited for the “Aye, sir!” to
sound from both gun stations, then turned
back to Moore.

  The navigator was standing with jaw-
agape. He repeated the message word for
word as if in a hypnotic spell. “Nagasaki
destroyed. Purple Death.”

  Ross shook his arm. “Harry, snap out
of it! We’ve got to fight!”

  “Fight what ?” *sked Moore dazedly.

  “I don’t know,” rapped Ross savagely.
“But at a guess, I’d say the Purple Death,
whatever that may be!”

 II

THE assistant navigator looked back
from his post by the helmsman.
“Coming in to Peak One, sir,” he called.
“What's our speed?” asked Ross.

  “Two thousand, sir.”

  “Cut her down to a thousand,” com-
manded Ross. “Any signals from the
Peak?”

  The navigator shook his head nervously.
“None yet, sir. Shall I cut speed if they
don’t signal?”

  ‘Yes,” Ross decided. “Slow up as you
see fit. and hover at fifty miles if they show »
no signal.” He gestured to his chief navi-
gator. “Come on, Harry, let's inspect
ship.”

  The two passed from the control room
to the gleaming engines. Here the silent
engine crew hearkened to the pulse of the
powerful rocket engine, and kept steady
eyes on the gauges that showed the com-
pressed ray fuel was feeding steadily into
the discharger. Out of the engine room
they passed to the after gun station. Ross
tapped one of the six-inch torpedoes, and
slapped one of the slim three-inch cylin-
ders in the number two torpedo rack. “We
may need them all soon,” he told the sta-
tion chief.

  The gunnery chief’s eyes widened.
“We’ll be ready, sir. Can you—is there
anything I can tell the men about—Num-
ber Eight?”

  Ross shook his head. “She's gone,” he
said briefly. “Might have been an acci-
dental explosion—but I don’t think so.
We’re landing soon. Just be ready, that’s
all.”

   PLANET STORIES

It ended with by!”

    “Magnus—
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON

85

  He swung away to the forward gun
station, saw that all hands were alert, and
led the way back to the control room.
Jorgens was pulling a sheet from the ray-
type. He handed it over quickly.

  It was from the Moon. “Warning to
Earth Fleet!” it began. “Peak One
wrecked. Come in on Peak Four.” And
it was signed “Artana.”

  Ross strode forward, his blue eyes blaz-
ing. “That’s all, Jorgens?”

  “No, sir. More coming now.” He
waited until the flying keys had rattled out
two more lines, then ripped the sheet off.
This message told more.

“Peak One wrecked by rebels who as-
sassinated King Magnus. Signal systems
at Peaks One, Two and Three destroyed.
Greetings to Commander Ross. Artana.”
“Rebels!” exclaimed Ross.

  “Horta 1” murmured Moore.

  The chief signalman caught the name.
“That louse!” he exclaimed in disgust.
“Pretended we couldn’t teach him any-
thing, the time we set up his systems for
him. He’s raising hell on the Moon, Com-
mander ?”

  Ross frowned. “That's just a guess,
Jorgens,” he reproved the signalman. “We
only know this much for sure.” He tapped
the two sheets.

  “Huh! Ten to one that blue-nosed
devil’s in it,” grumbled Jorgens, turning
back to the ray-type. “Want to answer,
Chief ?”

  “Yes.” Ross thought rapidly. He
spoke in a low tone to Moore. “This might
be a trap.”

  Moore blinked. “You mean, Artana
sent this to decoy us in to Four and smash
us ?”

“Not Artana,” corrected Ross. “Horta.”
“Gosh, yes!” Moore fumbled his
glasses off. “I hadn't thought of that!
No reason why Horta couldn’t send a
message in Artana’s name!”

   “It’s a possibility,” Ross grinned sourly.
He turned to Jorgens. “Send this:
‘Greetings to Artana, Lord of the Peaks,
from Ross. Coming in to Peak Four.’
Repeat it, too, in case they aren’t getting
it any too clear.” He wheeled to the
helmsman, noted the speed was cut down
now to six hundred miles, and nodded

approval. “Change course for Peak Four.”
Moore laid an urgent hand on his chief’s
arm as the helmsman obeyed. “Say,”
Bruce, this is risky!”

  “Risky!” Ross laughed shortly. “Of
course it’s risky.”

   “Wouldn’t it be better to stand off and
wait for more news?”

  Ross shook his head. His eyes blazed.
“Harry, there's a lot of hell breaking out
on the Earth and on the Moon, too. We’re
in the middle. We can’t be in both places,
but we can find out—I hope—what’s go-
ing on up here. And if we do, maybe we
can put a heavy foot on what’s happening
to the Earth. Do you remember what
Trowbridge’s message said?”

   Moore’s ordinarily placid features tight-
ened. “The Purple Death,” he whispered.
“You’re the boss, Bruce. All I want is to
get in on whatever happens!”

THE Earth Fleet slid slowly down to
the craters. The pale surface of the
Moon gleamed dully, phosphorescent, lam-
bent where the rays of the sun struck
crater tops. Off to the left the High Peak,
Peak Number One to the Earth visitors,
loomed dark and sinister.

  But Peak Four showed all its lights,
bright and steady. Ross ordered the six
following ships to stand off and await
orders, or act on their own judgment if
the flagship came to harm. Then he took
his place beside the helmsman. “Take her
down slow,” he ordered.

   The rocket ship glided straight and sure
for the brightest light. Slowly the pin-
point of white fire became a circle, then an
oral. Then it broke up into hundreds of
lights surrounding a platform. The helms-
man muttered an order, and the rocket
ship, answering the urge of her flippers,
dived briefly and straightened out into a
glide. From the control windows the
shape of the platform took form, and dim
little figures could be seen scurrying on
its edges.

  Moore fidgeted uneasily. “We’ll be
duck soup for them if it’s Horta,” he mut-
tered.

  Ross chuckled. “Where’s your sporting
blood?” he jibed. “Bet you even mone)’
it’s Artana.”
86	PLANET

  '‘That’s an easy bet for you,” retorted
Moore. “You won’t live long enough to
pay off if it’s Horta.”

  The crew of the ship seemed to sliare
his fears. Every man hunched tense at his
station. The ship glided lower, to three
hundred feet. Two hundred. She lost
way almost entirely, and grounded with
scarcely a jar.

  “Nice set-down,” Ross complimented
the helmsman.

  Instantly the crew sighed in unison.
Tension was broken. They peered
through the windows.

  “Back to your stations!” rapped Ross.
He glanced through the control port and
immediately saw a group advancing
toward the ship. For an instant he held
his breath. Then he whooped. “It’s
Artana!”

  The crew cheered, briefly, knowing
nothing of the importance of that single
identification. Two artisans stood by the
gangway, waiting.

  “Secure your helmets, men!” shouted
Ross. He adjusted his own headgear,
made sure that the thin tubes from his
breastplate were feeding their tiny jets of
oxygen to his nostrils, and signaled to the
artisans. They threw the door wide, and
Ross stepped forth to meet Artana.

  The young Lord of the Peaks came for-
ward with a glad cry. “Ross!’’ he ex-
claimed, and grasped the Earth-man’s hand
warmly.

  “Artana!” cried Ross. He eyed the
Moon Lord from head to foot, and
grinned. “You’ve grown, Lord of the
Peaks!”

THE boy he remembered was indeed
now a man. Matching the six-foot
Ross in height, he stood straight and slen-
der, carrying easily the weight of the
ray-rifle slung on his shoulder, and the
poison-pistol at his belt. He smiled briefly
at the Earth-man’s sally, then sobered at
once.

  “You come at a critical time.” he mur-
mured, pitching his voice so that his half-
dozen followers could not hear. “The
Moon People are divided by revolt, and
the fate of the Kingdom is not easy to
predict.” He caught sight of Moore.

STORIES

“Ah. my friend Harrell Moore!” His
hand went out in a warm clasp.

  “Hi, Artana,” returned the navigator
awkwardly. “You’re looking great.
What’s the trouble? I’ll guess it’s Horta.”
“Softly!” Uneasily the Lord of the
Peaks glanced about him. “Let us go to
the Peak Chamber, where we may speak at
ease.” He led the way from the plat-
form, halting only to allow Ross to relay
an order for his six ships to land.
Through a winding subterranean corridor
they hastened to the council room of the
Peak, which marked the administrative
center of one of Artana’s provinces. Once
inside the great room, Artana led them
to low divans of stone, covered and made
comfortable with soft cellulose-like stuff
that rustled as they moved. He gave them
the news bluntly, without preamble.

  “Horta has seized power in two-thirds
of the Kingdom,” he cried, his voice break-
ing with emotion. “King Magnus was
killed, perhaps not by Horta’s orders—
but who else would have plotted it? The
assassination seemed to be the signal for
an uprising—and Horta issued a proclama-
tion, as one of the three regents, declar-
ing that he would act to preserve order in
the Caverns and the land beyond where
the Crater folk live. Three of the Peaks
were overrun, and the signal systems were
all destroyed. Here at Peak Four, my sol-
diers were ready, and all the rebels were
slain.”

  “Queen Boada—and the Princess 111-
ria?” asked Ross.

  “They are safe.” Artana twisted on his
couch in his distress. “They were at Peak
Five when the attacks were made, and are
coming here, escorted by a strong body
of my troops. I expect them soon. But
you, my friends? How can I receive you,
when my people are embroiled in civil war
—for that is what it is?”

  Ross waved his hand deprecatingly.
“Don’t worry about us, Artana. Of
course, we can’t take sides here. We can
help to preserve the Regency, since the
Truce demands it. But there’s one thing
I’d like to ask.”

  “Of course, my friend.”

  “Have you heard of trouble on the
Earth ?”
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOOJV

87

  Artana looked up quickly. “We have
had no word.”

  “Or—well, trouble in the sky?”

  Artana shook his head, puzzled.

  Ross answered his unspoken question.
“One of our ships was destroyed on our
flight from the Earth. And I don’t think
it was an accident.”

  “A rocket ship?” Artana sat up. Then
his eyes flashed. “Horta?” he murmured,
as if asking himself a question.

  Moore leaned forward. “Has Horta
been up to anything in the ray business ?”
he asked eagerly.

  Artana shook his head slowly. “Lord
Horta and his savants have made progress
in employing the R-ray, drawn from the
red stars, as you taught him.” He knit
his brows. “I have heard of nothing else
—but wait. He and his most learned
men have worked secretly for many moons,

I	know not to what purpose. You think—’>
“We think,” cut in Ross grimly, “that
it’s possible that Lord Horta may be cook-
ing up something new in the ray field.”
Artana’s face darkened. “If that is
true,” he murmured, “we may have the
explanation of the disappearance of two
of my brigades. I sent them out in force
to scout Horta’s territory. No word has
come from them.” His hand clenched.
“A war of rays—here on the Moon!”

ROSS’ and Moore exchanged uncom-
fortable glances. They had fought
in the terrible war on the Earth when na-
tions battled with the new red ray, and
whole fleets of the ancient steel warships
were sunk by the first of the ray-torpedoes,
before the Council of Seven was formed to
rule all Earthly affairs. And they had
served in that first Moon-flight, and had
slain with rays the first Moon armies who
had resisted the intrusion of the Earth-
fleet. Was history to repeat itself—in re-
verse, with Horta’s Moon machines raking
the Earth with death? Perhaps that
strange Purple Death of the Trowbridge
message ?

  Ross made his resolve. “If your armies
can’t find out what Horta’s doing, Artana,
perhaps my fleet can.”

  “Your fleet?” Artana looked up, a flicker
of hope in his somber eyes. “You mean

  that you would fly over the Caverns?”
Ross nodded. “And study the work he
has done. Photograph it, and report to
you and the Queen. If you then wish us
to try to destroy it, I’ll take the respon-
sibility. I feel that the Council of Seven
would approve.”

  Artana stood up, his eyes alight. “Ah,
Ross! If you succeed, and bring peace
to the Moon people, your planet and mine
will do you homage!”

  Ross flushed sheepishly. “Well, maybe.
For my part I’d rather be overlooked.
You know, there’s an old, old saying
where I come from, ‘A hero today, a bum
tomorrow.’ ”

  “A ‘bum’?” echoed Artana, puzzled.
“A-a sort of—” Ross remembered in
time that there were no beggars on the
Moon. Nor panhandlers, nor paupers, nor
hobos. “Oh, never mind. We’ll take off
in the first hour of light, and see what
we can see.”

  “In the meantime,” Artana hastened to
say, “You must sleep.” He ushered them
into a circular chamber, the elevator that
would take them to the spacious under-
world of the Moon. Closing the door, he
pressed a button. The resultant motion
was almost imperceptible, but Ross and
Moore knew they were being hurtled
toward the Moon’s core at hundreds of
miles an hour. Almost instantly the cham-
ber stopped, the shock of cessation being
oddly cushioned. Artana opened the door,
and the three stepped into the great ro-
tunda whence radiated the life and activity
of the Province of Peak Four. Moon
people hurried to and fro, only a few
stopped to stare at the Earth-men. Bakers
were hawking the curious brick-shaped
loafs of bread, and the fruits that had
grown from the seeds from the Earth were
stacked on stands. Drapers stood by their
gossamer-like fabrics. Soldiers hurried to
and fro in squads, and their presence ex-
plained to Ross and Moore the inhab-
itants’ disinterest in the Earth-men.

  The spacious chamber to which Artana
led them was guarded by two tall sentries,
and tastefully furnished. The Lord of
the Peaks cast a last glance about, said,
“I shall call you at the first light,” and
vanished.
88	PLANET STORIES

  Moore sank gratefully down upon a
high-piled bed. “Well, if this is to be my
last night's sleep, I'm going to do well
with it.”

  “You’re always worrying,” chaffed Ross.
But he lay, awake, mind racing, long after
Moore’s even breathing denoted that the
chubby navigator’s fears had succumbed to
his fatigue.

Ill

ARTANA awakened them as he had
promised. His first words were of
the widowed Queen. "Boada is here,” he
told Ross. “She has slept, and will greet
you after you have eaten.”

  They breakfasted in the chamber, on
food that Artana had commandeered from
the rocket ship, with some of the pale,
delicious Moon pears beside the familiar
Earth fare. Artana talked fast as the
two Earth-men ate.

  “Two of the Cavern men came in with
the Queen.” As the two flyers looked up
in plain surprise, he smiled. “Yes, they
were H orta’s men. But they say they do
not wish to serve him longer. They say
he plans to rule the Moon Kingdom alone,
and will make war with the Earth.”
The two leaned forward, food forgot-
ten. “Did they say,” asked Ross, “how
Horta plans to make war? With what
weapons?”

  Artana shook his head sadly. “They
deny all knowledge of such things. They
are star savants, and they say all Horta's
war secrets are known only to his war
chiefs.”

  The flyers’ disappointment impelled
Artana to go on. “They do say that Horta
and most of his forces arc gathered in the
Great Cavern, where all his secrets are
kept. And that, too, is where he has set
up his ray machines.”

  Ross narrowed his eyes. “The Great
Cavern, eh? Well, that’s what we’ll have
a shot at.”

  “You would have me accompany you?”
Artana asked eagerly.

  “Ah, no, Artana. You are needed here.
What if Horta were to make a sudden at-
tack? You must give us a guide, though,
to show us the Great Cavern. And I will

  leave my chief signalman, Jorgens, so that
we may keep in touch with you.”

  Artana assented, somewhat cast down.
Truly, the Great Cavern held a secret,
and the Lord of the Peaks was as eager
as any to learn it. But he regained his
cheerfulness as they sought out the Queen.

  She was in the great chamber where
Artana had first received the Earth-men.
Erect and haughty, she sat on the central
divan, regarding them with brooding eyes
as they entered. So much Ross saw be-
fore his glance went to the slim figure
beside her, He caught his breath.

  A dream! A goddess! This girl—ah,
yes, the Princess Illeria. But a woman
now! Not the scrawny girl of five years
ago. Ross tore his eyes from her with a
jerk. Artana was presenting him to the
Queen Widow.

  “—Commander Ross, leader of the
Earth-fleet, was a visitor at court five years
ago,” Artana reminded the Queen.

  She extended her hand, surveying him
with a softening of her austere expression.
As he bent over it-she said in a harsh
voice that was obviously held steady with
an effort, "Commander Ross, you come at
an unhappy time.”

  Ross murmured condolences, then
plunged into the subject that was filling
him with impatience. ‘‘I seek permission
from you, Queen, and from the Lord
Artana to fly over the Caverns and report
on conditions there.”

  Queen Boada darted a sharp glance at
Artana, then averted her head. “I see no
occasion for such a flight,” she said curtly.

  Artana stepped forward. “A rebellion,

O	Queen ? Surely that is occasion
enough ?”

  She met his eyes, frowning. “But these
are not our people.”

  “Yet,” argued Artana, “the Earth people
are at peace with us.”

  Ross saw the Princess regarding her
mother curiously. Moore, too, was star-
ing in frank astonishment at the Queen.
As she sensed their intent regard she re-
laxed her rigid pose. “Oh, very well. But
there shall be no fighting?”

“None, O Queen,” Ross hastened to say.
Artana nodded with satisfaction.
“There remains, then, the finding of a
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON	89

guide for the fleet. I could send
CaJisto—”

  The Princess spoke for the first time.
“Calisto has not the gift of the Earth-
tongue. Who guides the Commander Ross
must speak the tongue he knows best."

  "That's true,’’ muttered Artana, taken
aback. “Who. then—”

THE Princess was looking at Ross.
Almost hostilely, he thought con-
fusedly. Had she resented his long open
stare? She was such a picture, clad in
only a single filmy garment, caught at the
waist with a gold twisted belt and cut
tunic-like at the knee. Bare-armed, with
softly swelling contours and a skin like
peach down, she was an entrancing sight.

  His confused thoughts were set at rest.
The Princess had a plan. "I shall go with
the Commander Ross,” she said.

  The Queen turned sharply. Artana
scowled. “No, no!” he cried sharply. “If
there should be fighting—”

  “Fighting?” echoed Boada in a whip-like
tone.

  “No, no, not fighting,” Artana hastened
to correct himself. “But danger, perhaps.”

  Boada's brooding gaze came to rest in-
quiringly on Ross.

  “There can be no danger, I think.” he
assured her. And wondered why he did
so. For if Horta was on the war path,
surely the Earth ships would be his targets.

  He felt his heart beat faster as he con-
sidered the possibility of this amazing girl
standing beside him in the control room
of his flagship, then a moment of depres-
sion as he reflected that the queen would
refuse her consent. But to his surprise
Boada, after one dark look at the Lord
of the Peaks, nodded.

  They left at once. There was a moment
of delay when Illeria, given an oxygen
helmet, demurred at the idea of wearing
it until she was convinced that it would
save her life if the shell of the rocket ship
were pierced in the upper air. She wore
it with ease, the straps fitting snugly over
the flowing golden locks and the oxygen
tubes crossing her face to add to the
piquant enigmatic look she wore.

  The flagship took off with a rush, the
six following ships keeping their distance.

Once in the air, they formed the echelon.
Then Ross turned to the princess, and led
her to the telescopes trained through the
floor of the ship.

  She studied the crater surfaces wonder-
ingly, like a child with a strange toy. Then
she remembered her duty. “Sail there,”
she directed, pointing.

  Amusedly, Ross gave the order. Pri-
vately Artana had given him a full de-
scription of the Great Cavern, so that once
he had sighted it he could map his own
course. But the girl had guided him truly.
In a few minutes the yawning chasm lay
on their bow.

  He called Moore. “All the cameras set ?”
“All set,” grunted Moore, squinting
through a glass. "Going to skirt the cav-
ern ?”

  Ross nodded. “No use tipping Horta
off at the outset. We may get a good
look without his knowing we're here.”

  As the last word left his lips a cry from
the port lookout froze the three in their
places. They turned, fearfully. The look-
out's face was working. As they watched,
tears began to stream down his face. He
tried to speak, but he could only point.

  Ross sprang to the winddw. The sky
was clear, save for the following ships.
Number Two, and Four, and Five. Six?
Where was Six? And Seven? He
whirled on the lookout.

  The man gulped, drew a deep breath,
and said huskily, "There was a flash, sir,
and—and then—nothing! Nothing, where
Number Seven was flying! And then
Number Six—went the same way!”

  Ross and Moore stared frantically at
one another. Then Ross sprang to the
signal post. “Jorgens! Where’s Jor-
gens?”

  A white-faced signal-man spoke up.
“He's back at Peak Four, sir.”

  “Oh, yes.” Ross in his agitation had
forgotten. “Well, signal Ships Two,
Three, Four and Five to sheer off the
Cavern and return to Peak Four!”

  The man sprang to obey. Ross turned
to order the course changed. But the
crashing din that followed silenced him.
His body hurtled against the stanchion,
and suddenly he found his arms about the
Princess Illeria.
90

PLANET STORIES

HER body was soft to his touch, her
silky hair caressed his cheek, her
breath sweet on his face. But he pushed
her aside, and cried out to the helmsman,
“How does she fly?”

  The helmsman, craning his neck as he
curled an arm about the wheel, shouted
back, “On even keel, sir, but she won’t
steer 1”

  Ross pushed the Princess unceremoni-
ously from him and stood erect. He
rushed to the window and saw with relief
that the ship was circling away from the
Crater. Gauges showed that the ship flew
steady except for that odd circling. An
artisan, bursting into the control room
from the after gun station, explained the
mystery.

  “One rudder flange haywire, sir!”

  “So that’s it!” Ross spoke calmly.
“Shot away?”

  The man's face worked. “Burned away,
sir!’’

 "Burned—” Ross thought fast. He
nodded to the artisan, who departed with
a scared look about.

 Moore had heard the report. He
whistled. “Burned away, huh? Sounds
like a B-ray.”

  “B-ray? What’s that?” snapped Ross.
“B for blue,” explained Moore affably.
“Horta’s draining the blue stars, or I’m no
Harvard man.”

  Ross eyed the navigator narrowly.
“You really think that?”

  “What else?” countered Moore calmly.
“Horta was a washout on the R-ray—and
besides, our red ray doesn’t burn like that.
I think Horta’s got something.”

  Ross turned to the helmsman, then
studied the chart that Artana had pro-
vided. “We can circle just like this, and
make Peak Four if we can cut that drag
a bit. Try reducing the speed.”

  It worked. At reduced speed the ship
flew more truly, with less pressure on the
rudder. Ross sighed in relief. “Keep her
there.” He spied the Princess leaning
against the stanchion, and walked over.
“Quite a scare, wasn’t it?”

  She regarded him steadily. “You do not
like me?”

  He gaped at her. “Why do you say
that ?”

  “You pushed me away from you."

  “Oh, that 1” Ross was nettled. “A man
must fight his ship, Princess.”

  “Yes." She nodded agreement. “But
I was afraid. I thought we were doomed.
And I wished you to be with me. It is
not given to every woman to die with the
man of her choice. And you are the man
I wish for.”

  Ross stared open-mouthed. “Say-ay!”
he asked cautiously. “You didn’t get a
knock on the head, did you?”

  She shook her head unsmilingly. “The
Earth-girls, they do not speak so to men ?’’
“I’ll say they don’t,” Ross assured her
feelingly.

  “Oh!” said the Princess Illeria in a small
voice.

  Ross didn’t know what to say then.
“Well,” he exclaimed, “we’ll soon be back
at Peak Four.”

  He was right. But grim news awaited
them at the peak.

IV

ARTANA met them, his face a thun-
dercloud. He handed Ross a ray-
typed message. “This came just before
you landed,” he said tensely.

  Before Ross could read the message,
the name signed to it caught his eye.
Horta! The Lord of the Caverns was
coming out of his silence! And with what
a greeting! “Know, O Queen,” read
Horta’s message, “that I have destroyed
three of the. Earth-ships, as I shall destroy
all who fly against the destiny of the Moon
Kingdom. Know, too, that I have de-
stroyed a second Earth city, the place called
Los Angeles, as a warning to the Earth
people that their destiny is not ours.”
Ross read it with a sinking heart. Los
Angeles! A city of two million people,
destroyed! Then it was Horta who had
wiped out Nagasaki!	\

  Moore pounced on that thought. “Naga-
saki, then Los Angeles!” he muttered.

  Ross turned to Artana. “Any other
news ?”

  Artana shook his head. “No. But I
have a plan. You know that when the
rains come we store them in the great
reservoirs, so that our under-world may
WAR-LORDS OF TEE MOON	91

not be flooded. Then why not loose the
waters in the reservoirs, and flood the
caverns?-’

  Ross stared in admiration. But he
slowly shook his head. “You’d have to
kill half your people, Artana, just to dis-
pose of Horta.”

  “But,” argued Artana desperately,
“Horta will destroy half our people him-
self, to seize the Kingdom. And he will
destroy the Earth folk, too!”

  Moore spoke up. “The reservoirs are
full?”

  “No,” admitted Artana. “The rains
have not been heavy. The reservoirs are
but half full.” He sighed. “Horta might
escape the flood.”

  “That's no good, then,” Ross said em-
phatically. “Tell you what, Moore and I
will go and scout the Cavern on foot. We
may be able to get near enough to the ray
works to smash ’em.”

  “You would die,” Artana said somberly.
“Horta guards his Cavern well.”

  Ross nodded. “Maybe. But there’s no
other chance. Horta can knock us down
out of the air, and he’s knocking Earth
cities to dust. He must be stopped. If
we die, you can hold out on the Peaks,
and flood him out when the rains come."

  “That’s right, Artana,” Moore agreed.
“But let me go, Chief. I’ll take a couple
of good men. You stay here.”

  "No dice, Harry,” Ross assured him
firmly. “I’m the head man and it’s my job.
I’d like to have you along, though."
“Sure," said Moore mildly.

  Artana regarded them with admiration.
“You are brave men! But what can I
do?”

   “Just sit tight, Artana, and wait for the
rain to fall,” grinned Moore. “And when
it comes, avenge us.”

  “That will I!” swore Artana.

THEY set out in the dark, Moore and
Ross and the guide whom Artana had
indicated with a gesture. They had cov-
ered only half a mile when Ross turned
sharply, .suspiciously, to the guide. “Sure
you speak the Earth tongue?” he de-
manded. “If you do, why can't you say
something ?”

   The guide threw back the cowl-like head

covering and Ross caught his breath. “II-
leria! What are you doing on this tour ?’’
“I go to die with you, my lord,” said
the princess simply.

  “My lord!” squawked Moore. “Excuse
me!” He walked forward hurriedly.

  Ross, his face burning in the gloom, took
Illeria’s arm roughly. “This is no job for
you. Princess! There will be danger!”
“Even death,” agreed the slim princess
equably. “No matter. And the Lord Ar-
tana is agreed that I go."

  “Artana agreed?" Ross was taken aback.
He looked ahead to where Moore waited,
looked back over the way they had come,
then shrugged. “Oh, well! Here we go!"

  Happily Illeria caught his arm, and they
strode forward. Moore chuckled in the
dark. “Everything settled?"

  “Yes, dammit," grated Ross. “Did you
ever see such a mess?"

  Moore’s reply was sober. “We couldn't
have a better guide,” he pointed out. “And
we know the princess is loyal. How could
we be sure of some other guide ? A jigger
who might sell us out to the first Horta
sentry?”

ROSS grunted agreement, and they
trudged on. They saw no one, heard
no one, until the first of the craters lay
behind, and the Moon terrain sloped down
and down into the caverns. They came
upon the first two sentries suddenly. Both
swung their ray-guns up, but Moore was
quicker. His gas-pistol spat twice, and
the sentries crumpled.

  “Are they dead?” asked the princess,
amazed.

  “Dead to the world—er, I should say,
dead to the Moon,” Ross assured her.
“They’ll stay>that way twelve hours, which
ought to be long enough for us.”

  Moore chuckled. “Before then we’ll be
on top of the world—I mean on top of
the Moon—or dead heroes.”

  The way was easy, a steady down slope,
for a while. Then the rock formations
began. They slipped and crawled. The
princess suffered a cut on her knee, but
shrugged at the suggestion of a bandage.
The second set of sentries were easily
overpowered. They lolled at ease against
a ridge, and Ross shot twice to gas them
92	PLANET

to sleep. Here the light was better, and
Ross paused to look them over. They were
darker than the Peak men, with less color,
and their veins stood out against their
blue-white skin. They bore the ray-rifle
of all the Moon soldiers, and another curi-
ous weapon besides, a jagged-edged sword
with a hooked point.

  “It’s the old Moon sword,” said Illeria.
“Horta worships the old customs, and
swears by the beliefs of the astrologers.
It’s the astrologers who direct his actions,
my mother had said.”

  “It’s a dirty weapon,” shuddered Moore.
“I’ll take a ray-gun any time.”

  He came within an ace of regretting his
choice a moment later, when a whole squad
of soldiers rounded an outcrop of rock.
Ross whispered a warning, and shot fast.
Moore went into action then, but not be-
fore one of the Horta men had fired. The
ray blasted past them and sheared off a
half-ton of rock behind them.

  "Whew, that was close,” gasped Moore
as the last of the soldiers fell.

  “How about ray-guns now?” gibed Ross.
“Do you know, I think we're in luck. This
party is evidently supposed to relieve the
sentries we met—so there'll be no alarm
over their condition.”

  “You’re right!” exclaimed Moore. “Now
all we have to do is to get to that ray
machine!”

  They stood within sight of it when the
heavy hand of Horta fell.

IN the shadows of the cavern they had
crept from arsenal to foundry, until
they had inspected from tar or near every
establishment in this dim and fearsome
chasm. And finally they saw it, a great
cylinder nestling deep in the ground and
looming high in the cavern, supported by
guy beams of gleaming metal.

  “A ray-gun!” cried Moore. His incau-
tious exclamation was their undoing. A
half-clad foundry worker, looking like a
gnome in his eye-shade helmet and droop-
ing gauntlets, gaped at them. Ross shot
a split second too late to stop the shout
of alarm. The foundryman dropped, but
a dozen soldiers came on the run. Moore
and Ross fired and fired again, but they
went down in a charge of scores of Horta

STORMES

soldiers. The flat of a sword struck Ross
a stunning blow on the side of his head.

  He came to his senses to find himself
in a strange room, bound hand and foot
and prone on a stone floor. Beside him
was Moore.

  “Where are we?” muttered Ross.

  “In Horta’s headquarters,” whispered
Moore. “Here’s Horta.”

  Ross twisted his head. He blinked. For
Horta was an eyeful.

  The Lord of the Caverns was a giant.
Fully seven feet tall, he must have weighed
four hundred pounds. But he bore his
great bulk with ease and a certain dignity.
He strode over to the two prisoners, looked
them over with curiosity but without visi-
ble rancor, and spoke sharply to a guard
in the Moon tongue. The guard hastened
to free the two flyers.

  They exchanged glances of surprise.
“You don't suppose he’s a pal in disguise?”
asked Moore blandly. He looked up with
a start when he heard a rumbling chuckle.

  Horta was amused. “No, Earthman.
You are prisoners. But I have no need
to bind you, for you cannot escape. Yet
you need not fear death, for if you will
stay and serve me you shall have life and
all the blessings that will be showered upon
a new Kingdom.”

  “New Kingdom ?” Moore blinked. “It’s
a Regency, isn’t it?”

  Horta’s great laugh boomed out “Nay!
I am the King! And for my queen—
well, you have delivered her to me!”

  Ross sat up and stared. “You mean—
Illeria?”

  Horta chuckled as he nodded.

  “Illeria!” Ross stifled a curse. His mind
raced. The girl was a prisoner, too. He
spoke aloud, easily. “Well, I guess we
can give Your Royal Highness a hand.”
“Hey, Bruce!” Moore expostulated.
“You don’t mean—”

  “Why not?” drawled Ross. Turning to
face Moore, he winked. “We know a lot
that will pay our way with the new King-
dom.”

  Moore blinked. “Of course!" he as-
sented hastily. “Sure!”

  Horta stared suspiciously at the two
flyers. “Make sure, then, that you have
no secret longings to return to Earth.” he
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON

93

warned heavily. “For henceforth there
shall be no intercourse between Moon and
Earth. The truce is ended."

  Ross ventured a question. “What'll you
do with the men of the Peaks ?”

  Horta smiled grimly. “They will sub-
mit, or die.” He gestured imperiously,
and the guards pushed the flyers forward
as Horta strode from the room.

   As they trailed behind, Moore whispered,
“He doesn’t look like a killer.”

  “Probably a fanatic,” Ross muttered.
  “What’s the play?”

  “Watch our chance, and wreck the ray
machine.”

  “And us with it,” grumbled Moore.
  “Most likely,” Ross agreed.

  They entered a softly lit room, in the
wake of Horta. As their eyes became
accustomed to the dim light they gasped.
There was Illeria. But beside her was
the queen—Boada 1

SHE swept them with a glance in which
contempt was mingled with a kind of
pity. “You did not expect to see me here,”
she said harshly. “But I serve the destiny
of the Moon. The wise men have shown
me that the Moon was never destined to
serve the Earth, but must stand with the
Blue Stars when the Universe is rent
asunder. And now the Moon is ready to
defend itself, tiianks to the new King
Horta!”

  In the silence that followed Ross heard
the girl gasp. The queen spoke softly.
“And you, my daughter, shall be the new
queen, wife of the almighty Horta the
Liberator.”

  “Not,” Ross muttered between his teeth,
“if I can help it.”

  “Me, too,” whispered Moore.

  The girl said nothing. But her eyes
sought Ross with piteous entreaty.

  Horta broke the silence. “The nuptials
shall be solemnized in tomorrow’s full
light. You, Earthmen, shall remain under
guard until you have given earnest proof
of your fealty.”

  The guards punched the two as Horta
rapped an order in the Moon tongue, and
they allowed themselves to be led away.
Through a dim corridor they passed, and
into a stone cell, with oddly fashioned

stone bars and a door that slid on a metal

base, locking them into their tomb.

  Ross circled the cell, then shook his
head. “We couldn't get out of this with-
out a ray machine,” he muttered.

  Moore sat down against a wall. “Guess
not. Say, Bruce, did you hear the old'
girl?”

  “The Universe is to be rent asunder,”
grunted Ross. “Where does that leave
us?”

  “Behind the eight ball, as I believe they
used to say back in the twentieth century,”
grinned Moore. “That is, that’s where we
would be if the Universe really were to
be rent asunder.”

  “Oh!” grunted Ross in heavy sarcasm.
“So it isn’t going to happen?”

  “Gosh, no,” chuckled Moore. “It’s the
silliest kind of astrological fake, discredited
two centuries ago. Where Horta picked
it up I don’t know. Probably he got some
power from the blue stars by accident, and
his faker astrologists strung him along on
the big bust-up idea.”

  “Nice clean fun," muttered Ross. “Well,
we missed. Horta’s still got his ray ma-
chine. He's also got the princess—and
the queen for an ally.”

  “He’s also,” amended Moore dryly, “got
us.”

“And how,” grunted Ross. “How long
do you suppose we’ll last if we don’t—”

  He stopped abrupdy. A faint noise came
to his ears. “Hear that?” he asked, puz-
zled.

  Moore cocked his head to one side.
“Running water,” he remarked. “They
haven’t got a river down—”

  A scream, faint and far away, took his
breath away. Another sounded, and then
a chorus, dimmed by space and the stone
walls. Suddenly Ross and Moore whirled
to face one another.

  “Artana!” cried Ross.

  “He’s opened the reservoirs!” gasped
Moore.

  They leaped to their feet. Ross tried
the door, savagely. Moore broke the skin
of his hands on the stout stone bars of the
window. In a moment, water was swirling
at their feet.

Moore stared down at it gloomily. “I
was two days on a raft in the middle of
94	PLANET STORIES

the Atlantic,” he sighed, "and I didn’t
drown.”

   The water rose to their knees.

V

ROSS tugged at the door. “You aren’t
drowned yet. How did this door
open ?’

  “From the outside,” ‘grumbled Moore,
tugging with his chief. “It rolled—ha!
It's opening! We’ve got it!”

  The door was sliding open. A rush of
water swept them half off balance, and
they splashed into the flood when the Prin-
cess Illeria catapulted into them.
“Princess!” yelled Moore. “Good girl!”
Ross gripped her arm. “What’s going
on?”

  ‘‘Panic,” she panted, clinging to him.
“Horta and his steadiest men are at the
ray machine, fighting to keep the water
out of the ray reservoir. The Queen went
with him. I’m—afraid—”

  “Cheer up,” Ross consoled her. “And
let’s get out of this.” He led the way out
of the cell. Water was waist deep in the
corridor. Ross pointed up an incline, where
the swirling waters ran thinly. “Looks
good,” he suggested. He whirled then on
Illeria. “Where do you suppose we could
get some guns?”

  “What good would they do?” growled
Moore.

  “There’s that ray machine,” Ross re-
minded him.

  “Oh! Yes. But—” Moore shot a
glance at the Princess. “Don't forget—
the Queen—”

  Ross scowled. “I know.”

  Illeria touched his arm. “If the Queen
must die, that the Moon people and the
Earth folk may be saved, let it be so,” she
urged simply.

  The two men bit their lips.

  “Come!” urged the girl. “There is a
guardroom above. There must be weap-
ons.”

  “I could use one of those antique hook-
'em swords on old Horta,” growled
Moore.

  They burst into the guardroom prepared
for sudden and violent action. But the
great chamber was empty of Moon men.

On the walls hung ray rifles. Ross and
Moore each snatched one.

  ‘‘Now where?” asked Moore.

  Ross surveyed the room. Windowed
on all sides, it had only two doors, the one
they had entered and another opposite.
“We’ll try that,” Ross decided. “What
we've got to find now is a spot that com-
mands the square where the ray machine is
bedded.”

  The sloping corridor led them to such
a spot. On a balcony they stood and for
a moment were content to watch Horta’s
artisans toiling with sandbags and debris
to make barricades against the flood.

  “They'll do it, too,” Moore said aloud,
voicing his chief’s thought.

   “Artana's trick was probably just to help
us out,” Ross judged. “He hadn’t enough
water to flood ’em out.”

  Moore fidgeted. “Let’s do something,
Bruce! There’s that ray reservoir. Think
these pop-guns will punch a hole in it?”
Ross raised his rifie, and lowered it as
suddenly. For into sight, beside the giant
Horta, walked Queen Boada. Moore ex-
claimed under his breath, fingering his
rifle.

   It was the Princess Illeria who, snatch-
ing the rifle from Moore’s hands, leveled
it swiftly and fired. As Ross sought to
snatch it from her she faced him defiantly.
“Let destiny rule us!” she exclaimed. “My
mother is an unhappy woman who stands
in the way of peace. Let me fire again !”
Her demand left Ross irresolute. As
he held her hand, Moore cried out. “They
spotted that shot, Bruce! They’re looking
for us!”

  It was true. Horta stood, legs spread,
his fierce glance sweeping the open space.
Workers had begun to drop sandbags and
pick up guns. Ross loosed his hold.

   “Let’s fire together, then,” he said heav-
ily. “The double shot may pierce that
thick metal. Aim at the muddy mark, Il-
leria ! Ready—fire!”

  The two rifles spat together. Moore
yelled, “You’ve done it! Duck—fast!”
They could not take cover fast enough.
Ross had one glimpse of a tremendous
sheet of flame licking out of the hole they
had blasted, saw its counterpart high in
the sky at the mouth of the ray cylinder,
WAR-LORDS OF THE MOON

95

heard a great roar, and seemed to know
nothing else.

HE regained consciousness on the
platform of Peak Four, where his
flagship, now repaired, rested airily. Ar-
tana, Moore and Illeria bent over him
solicitously.

“What happened?” he asked, fretfully.
Artana spoke soberly. “The Queen is
dead." He turned to Illeria, dropped to
one knee, and bowed his head. “Long live
the Queen!”

  Ross glanced at Moore. The navigator
winked. “Order is restored, Chief,” he
explained. “That blow-up finished Horta
and all his works. And Earth is on the
phone. All serene there, since the Los
Angeles disaster. You are ordered to re-
turn and report.”

  Illeria dropped to her knees beside Ross.
“You will not go? You will stay—and my
people shall make you king!”

Ross looked long into her eyes, and the

Earth seemed far away and an unreal
world. But he slowly shook his head as
he rose and gently lifted her to her feet.
“I must go, Illeria,” he said. “But—per-
haps I shall return. Good-bye, Artana,
you will restore peace to the Moon.”

  The Lord of the Peaks bowed his head.
“That I will, farewell, Ross!”

  With one last glance at the white-faced
princess, Ross nodded shortly to Moore.
They strode to their ship without a back-
ward glance. At a curt order the helms-
man took her off, and in seconds the two
figures on Peak Four's platform had dwin-
dled to specks.

  “You can come back,” Moore grunted.
  “Think so?”

  “Sure. When the Council hears what
you’ve done they'll give you twenty years’
leave. With pay.”

  Ross smiled. And the smile lingered
as he turned to Jorgens to dictate a mes-
sage for the Earth. The rocket ship droned
on through space.

Powerful\ dramatic stories of the great wilderness frontier

• • •

THE TENDERFOOT GIRL OF THE YUKON TRAIL

by Fred Ncbel

DANCING DRUMS THE FROZEN PERIL

by A. dcHcrrics Smith	by Evan M. Post

and numerous other novelets and short stories
all in the current issue of

NORTH>WEST ROMANCES

on sale at all newsstands
   Cave-dwellers of Saturn

By JOHN WIGGIN

  Across Earth’s radiant civilization lay the death-shot shadows of
  the hideous glohe-headed dwarfs from Mars. One lone Earth-ship
  dared the treachery blockade, risking the planetoid peril to find
  Earth’s life element on mysterious Saturn of the ten terrible rings.

  IT was a crisp, clear morning in the	'snow-covered hills gleamed whitely, but the

  city of Copia. A cold winter’s sun	streets of Copia were dry and clean. There

  glinted on the myriad roof tops of the	were not many people stirring at such an

  vast spreading metropolis. To the north,	early hour. The dozen broad avenues

  96
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	97

which converged like the spokes of a great
wheel on Government City in the center of
Copia were quite deserted. There was lit-
tle apparent activity around and about the
majestic Government buildings, but the
four mammoth gates were open, indicating
that Government City was open for busi-
ness.

  At the north gate the sentry, sitting be-
hind his black panel with its clusters of lit-
tle lights, switches, and push-buttons,
glanced upward. There was a faint hum-
ming and a man was circling downward
about a hundred feet above him. The rays
of the early sun flashed off a helmet and
the sentry knew that this man was a sol-
dier. The newcomer dropped rapidly, the
.stubbed wings on his back a gray blur.
Then the humming ceased as the soldier
switched off his oscillator and landed lightly
on the ground before the sentry.

  The sentry’s swift glance took in the im-
mensely tall, broad-shouldered figure, cov-
ered to the ankles in the green cloak. He
took in also the pink, smiling face and
merry blue eyes, and the lock of bright
red hair which showed as the soldier
pushed his helmet backward off his fore-
head.

  “Your business?” asked the sentry.

  "I have orders to report to the Com-
ir.ander-in-Chief,” said the soldier, with a
pleasant smile.

  “Let’s see,” said the sentry, glancing at
the insignia on the helmet, “you’re a de-
curion of the Eightieth Division. And the
name ?”

  “Dvnamon,” said the soldier.

  “Oh, yes,” said the sentry, with a recol-
lective smile, “I remember you as an ath-
lete. Didn't I see you in the Regional
Games two years ago?”

  *Yes,” said the soldier, with pleased
surprise. “I was on the team from North
Central 4B.”

  “I thought so,” the sentry chuckled. “As
I remember you walked away with practi-
cally everything but the stadium. Hold on
a minute now and I’ll clear the channels
for you.”

  The sentry bent over the panels,
punched some buttons, threw a switch, and
recited a few words in a monotone. He

7—Planet Stories—Winter

listened for a moment, then threw the
switch back and looked up.

  "It seems you’re expected,” he said,
“third building to the right and they’ll
take care of you there.”

  Ten minutes later Dynamon stood in the
doorway of a large, beautiful room and
saluted. The salute was answered by a
grizzled, dark-skinned man sitting behind
an enormous desk. This man was Argal-
lum, Commander-in-Chief of the Armies
of the World. He rose and- beckoned to
the young soldier.

  “This way, Dynamon,” said he, opening
a small door. “What we have to talk
about requires platinum walls.”

  Dynamon’s face was a mask as he fol-
lowed the Commander-in-Chief into the
little room, but his heart was pounding
and his mind working fast. The platinum
room! That meant that he was about to
learn a secret of the mo'st vital importance
to the world. He remembered now, that
there was a delegation of Martians in Co-
pia. They had arrived about a week be-
fore, ostensibly to carry on negotiations
in an effort to avert the ugly crisis that
was developing between Earth and Mars.
But the conviction was growing among
the citizens of Copia that the chief object
of the Martian delegation was to spy. It
was a well-known fact that the grotesque
little men from the red planet had a super-
human sense of hearing that seemed to
enable them to tune in on spoken conversa-
tions miles away, much as human beings
tuned radio sets. They could hear through
walls of brick, stone or steel; the one sub-
stance they could not hear through was
platinum. Hence the little room off the
Commander-in-Chief’s office which was en-
tirely sheathed in this precious metal.

ARGALLUM sat down heavily behind
a little desk and gestured Dynamon
to be seated opposite him.

  "On the basis of your fine record,” said
Argallum, “I have selected you, Dynamon,
to lead a dangerous expedition. You may
refuse the assignment after you hear about
it, and no blame will attach to you if you
do. It is dangerous, and your chances of
returning from it are unknown. But here
it is, anyway.
98

PLANET STORIES

  “The situation with Mars is growing
worse each month. They are making de-
mands on us which, if we accepted them,
would destroy the sovereign independence
of the World-State. We would become a
mere political satellite of Mars. But if we
don't accept their demands, we are liable
to a sudden attack from them which we
could not withstand. They have got us in
a military way and they know it. We might
be able to stand them off for a while with
our fine air force, but if they ever got a
foothold with their land forces, then it’s
good-bye. They have a new weapon called
the Photo-Atomic Ray against which we
have absolutely no defense. It’s a secret
lethal ray which far outranges our voltage-
bombs and which penetrates any armor or
insulation we’ve got.”

  “Now, of course, our Council of Scien-
tists has been working on the problem of
a defense against the Ray. But the only
thing they’ve come up with is a vague idea.
They believe that there is a substance
which they call ‘tridium,’ which would ab-
sorb or neutralize the Photo-Atomic Ray.
They don’t know what tridium looks like,
but by spectro-analysis they know that it
exists on the planet Saturn. So I am
sending you with an expedition to Saturn
to find, if you can, the substance known as
‘tridium,’ and bring some of it back if pos-
sible.”

  "Saturn!” gasped the decurion.

  “I said it would be dangerous,” Argal-
lum said, bleakly. “No human being has
ever set foot on the planet, and very little
is known about it. But that’s where you’ll
find tridium, if we’re to believe Saturn’s
spectrum. You will have the latest, fast-
est Cosmos Carrier. You will have a com-
pletely equipped expedition. You will have
for assistants the best young men we can
find. As head of the expedition, you will
be promoted to the rank of centurion. Do
you accept the assignment?”

  “Yes, sir,” said Dynamon, unhesitat-
ingly, “I accept the assignment.”

DYNAMON walked thoughtfully out
of Government city by the North
Gate. The sentry noticed that his helmet
was now adorned with the badge of cen-
turion, and came to a smart salute. Dyna-

mon went past him without seeing him, and
the sentry glared after the new centurion
disapprovingly. Lost in thought, Dynamon
kept on walking until he came to with a
start, and found himself in the middle of
the shopping district.

  The sun was getting uncomfortably
warm and Dynamon switched off the elec-
tric current that heated his long cloak and
looked around him. A sign in a shop win-
dow said, “Only fourteen more shopping
days before the Twenty-fifth of Decem-
ber.” Dynamon sighed. He wouldn’t be
around on this Twenty-fifth and it was
going to be a very gay one. It was to be
the nine hundredth anniversary of the
Great Armistice—from which had come the
unification of all the peoples of the Earth.
Dynamon sighed again.

  The long peace was threatened.

  The Earth, in this year of grace 3057,
was a wonderful place to live in, and Copia
was the political and cultural center of the
Earth. For nine hundred years now, the
peoples of the Earth had lived at peace
with one another as members of a single
integrated community. The World-State
had grown into something which that war-
torn handful of people back in 1957 could
scarcely have imagined. No longer did
region war against region, or group against
group, or class against class. Humanity
had finally united to fight the common ene-
mies—death, disease, old age, starvation.

  And on this nine hundredth anniversary
of the Great Armistice, the people of the
World would have a great deal to cele-
brate. Disease was now unknown, as was
starvation. Arduous physical labor was
abolished, for now, the heaviest and the
slightest tasks were performed by ma-
chines. Pain had been reduced, both phys-
ical and mental. Helpless senility was a
thing of the past. Death alone remained.
But even death had been postponed. Hu-
man beings now lived to be almost three
hundred years old.

  All in all, Dynamon mused, as he
strolled along the broad avenue, the hu-
man race had eveloved a pretty satisfac-
tory civilization. More was the pity, then,
that human restlessness and vaulting am-
bition should have led to the construction
of the great Cosmos Carriers. If Man
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

99

had been content to stay on his own little
planet, then communication would never
have been established with the jeolous lit-
tle men of Mars, and this beautiful civiliza-
tion would not now be threatened by a
visitation of the terrible Martians and their
frightful Photo-Atomic Ray. Dynamon’s
deep chest swelled a little with pride at the
thought that he had been selected by the
Commander-in-Chief to take an important
part in the coming conflict.

HE turned the corner and found him-
self standing before an imposing
building. Across the top of the facade in
block letters was the legend, “State Thea-
ter of Comedy.” A few minutes later he
stood in front of a doorway at the side
of the great theater building. The door
opened and a tall, lovely girl appeared.

  “Dynamon!” she exclaimed, “I didn’t
expect to see you for another ten days.”
She stepped out of the doorway, and
reached her arms up impulsively, kissing
Dynamon.

  The tall young soldier gripped her shoul-
ders hard for a minute, and then stepped
back and looked down into her soft brown
eyes.

  “Yes, I know, Keltry,” he said soberly.
“I had to report on short notice.”

  “Oh!” said the girl called Keltry, “are
you here on duty?”

  “Very secret duty,” said Dynamon with
a meaning lock. He twiddled an imaginary
radio-dial in his ear and looked around
mysteriously.

  The smile died on Keltry’s smooth
brown face, to be replaced by an expres-
sion of concern.

  “You mean—them?” she whispered.

  Dynamon nodded. “Yes, I am being
transferred to a new post,” he said slowly,
“and I thought, if you had no objections,
I would ask to have you transferred along
with me.”

  “Do you need -to ask a question like
that?” said Keltry. “You know perfectly
well I’d have a lot of objections if you
didn’t ask for my transfer.”

  “There may be ■some danger,” he said,
giving her an eloquent look.

  “All the more reason why I should be
with you,” Keltry said quietly.

FOUR days later, a conference was
breaking up in the platinum room be-
hind the Commander-in-Chief’s office. Ar-
gallum stood up behind his desk and care-
fully folded a number of big charts. He
laid one on tcp of another, making a neat
stack on the desk, then he looked keenly
at the four young men standing before
him.

  “Once more, gentlemen,” Argallum said,
“for the sake of emphasis, I repeat—Dyna-
mon has complete authority over the expe-
dition. You, Mortoch”—looking at a lean,
hawk-nosed man in a soldier’s helmet—
“are in command of the soldiers. And you,
Thamon”—turning to a studious, stoop-
shouldered man—“are in charge of civilian
activities. And Borion”—glancing at a
stocky, broad-shouldered figure—“you are
responsible for the Carrier. But in the
last analysis, you are all under Dynamon’s
orders. This is a desperate venture you're
going on and there can be no division of
authority.”

  There was a moment of silence. Argal-
lum seemed satisfied with the set, deter-
mined expressions on the four men in the
room with him. “Are there any further
questions?” he said.

  Dynamon shifted his feet uneasily. “Is
the decision—on Keltry, final?” he said
huskily.

  “I’m afraid it is, Dynamon,” said Argal-
lum, gently. “I had the director of the
theater over here for half an hour trying
to talk him around, but it was no good.
He said he would under no circumstances
spare Keltry. He said she was the most
promising young actress in Copia, and that
he would forbid her to go on any danger-
ous trip. Inasmuch as Keltry is stil! an
apprentice, the Director has full authority
over her. I can do nothing.”

  Dynamon drew himself up to his full
height and squared his shoulders. “Yes,
sir,” he said briefly.

  “Very well then,” said Argallum, “I
won’t see you again. You will take off
from Vanadium Field promptly at four
o’clock tomorrow morning. Every one of
the one hundred and twenty-nine people on
the expedition has his secret orders to be
there at three. Dynamon, you have a hand-
picked personnel and every possible re-
100

PLANET STORIES

source that our scientists could think of
to help you. May you succeed in your
mission.”

  “Thank you, sir,” they chorused
Argallum shook hands separately with
each of the four men, after which they
filed out of the platinum room.

  Outside the War Building. Mortoch, the
decurion, and Borion, the Navigator, took
their leave of Dynamon and strolled away
toward the West Gate. But Thamon, the
■scientist, fell in stride with Dynamon.

  “For your sake, I’m sorry,” said the
stoop-shouldered scientist shyly, “I mean—
about Keltry.”

  “Thanks, Thamon,” said the centurion.
“It was a nasty blow. I don't know how
I’m going to get along without her. I
guess I’ll just have to.”

  “Well—I just wanted you to know,”
said Thamon, “that I sympathized.”

IN the middle of Vanadium Field a great
gray shape, like a vast slumbering
whale, could be indistinctly seen in the
soft half-light of the false dawn. No
lights showed on the field and 110 sound
was heard. But scores of people clustered
around the sides of the Cosmos Carrier,
dwarfed to ant-like proportions by its great
size. Inside the Carrier, standing near the
thick double doors in the Carrier’s belly,
was Dynamon, near him his three chief
lieutenants, Mortoch, Thamon, and Bo-
rion. The members of the little expedi-
tionary force filed past the youthful Com-
mander, each one halting before him for
a brief inspection. One hundred brawny
soldiers, divided into squads of ten, stepped
through the double doors, each squad led
by its decurion. Dynamon ran a practiced
eye over the equipment of each man and
then for good measure turned him over to
the scrutiny of the Chief Decurion, Mor-
toch. Then came twenty-five civilians, in-
cluding ten engineers, four dieticians, five
administrators, and six scientists. But for
a cruel prank of fate, Dynamon reflected,
his own dear Keltry would be a member
of the expedition.

   But there was no time for regretting that
which could not be. Dynamon turned and
walked toward Borion.

  “Are you satisfied?” he asked the navi-

gator. Borion nodded, and Mortoch and
Thamon likewise nodded in answer to
Dynamon’s unspoken question.

  “All right," said the young centurion.
“Stations!”

  A moment later the great outer door of
the Cosmos Carrier swung silently shut,
after which the thick inner door was se-
cured and the great ship hermetically
sealed. Dynamon followed the navigator
into the control room.

  “This is a gorgeous ship!” said Borion.
“It’s absolutely the last word. There’s a
cluster of magnets underneath our feet
that are brutes and yet they can be so
finely controlled, I’ll guarantee you won’t
feel a bump at any time. Dynamon, these
magnets are so strong that this ship will
go at least ten times faster than anything
that has yet been built. Once we get up
out of the stratosphere, beyond the dan-
ger of friction, we can go almost twenty
miles a second. You ready for the take-
off? If you want to use the loud speaker
system just throw that switch.”

  Dynamon nodded; a moment later his
voice was heard in every compartment of
the Cosmos Carrier.

  “Men, we are taking off. Hold your
stations for five minutes, after which you
may take your ease until further com-
mands.”

  “Come and watch the altimeter,” Borion
said after Dynamon closed the loud speaker
switch. “You won’t believe we’re off the
ground, these controls are so smooth.” The
centurion watched the needle creep gently
upward a few feet at a time. But he could
feel no trace of motion.

  “I’m going to take her up vertically to
two thousand feet,” said Borion. “Then
we'll be clear of all obstacles and can pick
up our course horizontally—”

  “Yes, good,” Dynamon broke in quickly,
“but don't tell me your course until we are
out of the stratosphere.”

  “Aye, aye, sir,” said Borion with a
wink, “little pitchers have big ears, don’t
they ?”

  “How soon will we get out of the strato-
sphere?” Dynamon asked.

  “Well. I’m lifting her very slowly,” an-
swered the navigator, “I don’t want to take
any chances on friction. I would say in
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	101

about three hours from now we will be
ready to go.”

  “I will be with you then,” said Dyna-
mon, and walked out the door.

THE young centurion had in mind to
make a thorough inspection of the en-
tire ship, but he had scarcely been ten min-
utes away from the control room when the
loud-speaker system boomed forth.

  “Centurion Dynamon is 'requested to
come to the control room.” Dynamon hur-
ried up a metal staircase and then through
a companionway. As he threw open the
door to the control room, Borion turned
quickly and laid a finger on his lips. Then
the navigator gestured Dynamon toward a
series of glass panels. There were six of
these panels, each about a foot square, and
ranged in two vertical row’s of three each.
One word, “periscopes,” was stenciled at
the top, and beside each mirror were other
labels, “port bow,” “port beam,” “port
quarter.” The other three panels were la-
beled in the same way, designating their
location on the starboard side. Borion
flicked the switch beside the “starboard
quarter” panel and it become dimly illu-
minated. Dynamon threw a swift glance
at the altimeter, and saw that it said two
thousand feet. Then he bent over and
peered into the periscope panel. A wide
panorama of twinkling lights spread out
before him, the street lights of Copia. But
the pale blue of approaching dawn was
creeping fast over the city, shedding just
enough light to reveal a dark shape a mile
behind the Cosmos Carrier, and perhaps a
thousand feet below. As Dynamon stared
into the periscope screen, he thought he
could detect a faint glow of red in the
following shape. He turned questioningly
to Borion. The navigator was writing rap-
idly on a piece of paper. A second later
he handed the paper to Dynamon. It said:
“I queried Headquarters and was told
that the conference with the Martian dele-
gation is still officially going on. But that
Carrier following us is bright red, the color
of the Martian Carriers.”

DYNAMON held the piece of paper in
his hand for a minute and gazed
doubtfully into the periscope screen. Then

he took the pencil from Borion and, bend-
ing over, wrote the following:

  “I don’t like the looks of this. Can we
outrun them once we get out of the at-
mosphere ?”

  Borion nodded slowly.

  “As far as I know, we can,” he said,
“unless—” he reached for the paper in
Dynamon’s hand and wrote “—unless they
have developed a new wrinkle in their Car-
riers that we don’t know anything about.”
“Well,” said Dynamon, “we won’t waste
time worrying about things over which we
have no control. Proceed as usual.”

  There followed some anxious hours,
which Dynamon spent with his eyes glued
to the periscope mirror. In a short time
the early golden raj’s of the sun appeared,
and the Martian Carrier followed behind
inexorably, glowed an ugly menacing crim-
son. Once Dynamon instructed his com-
munications officer to speak to the Martian
ship.

  “Lovely morning, Mars. Where are
you bound for?” was the casual message.

  There came back a terse answer, "Test
flight, and you?”

  “We’re testing, too,” Dynamon’s com-
munications officer said. “We’ll show you
some tricks up beyond the stratosphere.”
All so elaborately casual, Dynamon
thought grimly. It was fairly evident that
the Martian ship intended to follow the
Earth Carrier to find out where it was go-
ing. Those inhuman devils! Why did the
Earth’s people ever have to come in con-
tact with them?

  Dynamon’s thoughts went back to his
childhood, to that terrible time when the
men of Mars had abruptly declared war
and descended suddenly onto the Earth in
thousands of Cosmos Carriers. Only the
timely invention of that remarkable sub-
stance, Geistfactor, had saved Earth then.
It was a creamy liquid, which spread over
any surface, rendered the object invisible.
The principle underlying Geistfactor was
simplicity itself, being merely an applica-
tion of ultra high-frequency color waves.
But it saved the day for Earth. The World
Armies, cloaked in their new-found invis-
ibility, struck in a dozen places at the rav-
aging hordes from Mars. The invaders,
in spite of their prodigious intellectual
102	PLANET

powers, could not defend themselves
against an unseen enemy, and had been
forced to withdraw the remnants of their
army and sue for peace.

  But the unremitting jealousy and hatred
of the little men with the giant heads for
Earth’s creatures was leading to new-
trouble. It enraged the Martians to think
that human beings, whom they despised as
inferior creatures, should have first
thought of spanning the yawning distances
between the planets of the solar system.
It was doubly humiliating to the Martians
that when they, too, followed suit and went
in for interplanetary travel, they could
do no better than to copy faithfully the hu-
man invention of the Cosmos Carrier. It
was only too evident that Mars was gath-
ering its strength for another lightning
thrust at the Earth. This time, with the
Photo-Atomic Ray, there was no doubt
that they intended to destroy or subjugate
Earth’s peoples for good. And to that end
the Martians had been inventing new bones
of contention and had been contriving new
crises. A peace-minded World Govern-
ment had been trying to stave off the in-
evitable conflict with conference after con-
ference. But to those on the inside it was
only too evident that the Martians could
invent pretexts for war faster than Earth
could evade them.

DYNAMON, watching the blood-red
Carrier in the periscope mirror, felt
a surging bitterness at the Martians. If
they could only be reasonable, he reflected,
if only they could be human, then he, Dy-
namon, would not now be floating away on
a dangerous mission far from the Earth
and the woman he loved. He tried to im-
agine what Keltry was doing at that mo-
ment. In his mind's eye he could see her
on the stage of the Theater of Comedy,
enthralling audiences with her youthful
charm as she played a part in the latest
witty comedy, or sang a gay ballad in a
new revue.

  He broke out of his reverie and tossed
a glance at the altimeter. The needle was
moving much faster now, climbing steadily
toward seventy thousand feet.

  “It’s about time to go now, isn’t it?”
he asked Borion.

STORIES

  The navigator nodded. “Just about," he
said, and put his hand on a lever marked
‘‘gravity repellor.”

 As the navigator pushed the lever
smoothly forward, Dynamon turned back
to the periscope mirror and saw the red
ship behind suddenly dwindle in size. The
new Cosmos Carrier was beginning to
show its speed.

  Apparently, the Martians were momen-
tarily caught off guard. The red Carrier
diminished to a tiny speck against the
dark background of the Earth. But then
it began to grow in size again as the Mar-
tians unleashed the power in their great
magnets.

  “Borion, how about friction?” Dynamon
asked.

  “We don’t have to worry about that
yet,” was the answer, “we’re not going fast
enough. And the temperature outside is
about sixty-five below.”

  Dynamon nodded and glanced again at
the altimeter. The needle was steadily
climbing, a mile every ten seconds. Once
again he looked into the screen of the peri-
scope. The Earth was now far enough
away so that the young centurion could be-
gin to make out the broad arc which was a
part of the curving circumference of the
globe. Silently he said a final good-bye to
Keltry and turned to speak to Borion. At
that moment the door of the control room
burst open and an engineer stepped in and
saluted the navigator.

  “Stowaway, sir ” the engineer said.
“Just found her in the munitions com-
partment.”

  Dynamon stared out through the open
door at the woman who stood out there
between two soldiers.

  It was Keltry.

IT was a harried and heartsick centurion
who, a few minutes later, called a con-
ference in his own quarters. Borion and
Thamon sat regarding him gravely, while
Mortoch, the second in command, lounged
against the wall, a faint, derisive smile on
his lean face.

  “We are faced with a situation,” Dyna-
mon said heavily. “I would like to hear
some opinions.”

  “Flagrant case of indiscipline,” Mortoch
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	103

said promptly; “that is, if we can regard
this impersonally.”

  “Personalities,” said Dynamon sharply,
“will have no influence on my final
decision.”

  “In that case ” said Mortoch harshly,
“it seems to me, you are bound to put back
to Earth and hand the woman over to the
right people for corrective action.”

  “Good heavens!” cried Borion, “I hope
we don’t have to do that. We already have
a problem on our hands in the shape of
that Martian Carrier.”

  “What do you say, Thamon?” the cen-
turion asked after a significant pause.

  “Well,” said the scientist quietly, “you
can’t altogether regard the situation with-
out considering personalities. Keltry
stowed away for a very personal reason,
and one which it is hard to condemn en-
tirely. I think we are over-emphasizing
the official breach of discipline. I, person-
ally, can’t see that it makes so much dif-
ference. After all, we on this expedition
are on our own and are likely to remain
so for some time to come. I am in favor
of going along about our business and for-
getting how Keltry came aboard.”

  “Spoken like a civilian,” said Mortoch
sourly, “and I hold to my opinion. Just
because Dynamon was promoted over my
head, I see no reason for trying to curry
favor with him.”

  There was an awkward silence during
which Dynamon’s face grew very pink and
his blue eyes grew cold.

  “I’m going to forget what you just said,
Mortoch,” he said. “You are a valued
member of this expedition, and you are
much too good a soldier to overlook the
danger that lies in that kind of talk. With-
out my participation, you are out-voted two
to one. We will not turn back.”

  He stood up with a gesture of dismissal
and the three lieutenants filed out of the
door. ' He paced the floor of his quarters
for a few minutes, then walked to the door
and gave orders for the prisoner to be
sent in.

  “Ah, Keltry darling,” he said after the
guard had left the two of them alone,
“you have put me in an impossible
position.”

  “I don’t see why it should be that bad,”

Keltry answered. “It was an inhuman
thing to do to separate us and I just wasn’t
going to permit it.”

  “Yes, but don’t you see?” said Dyna-
mon, “I will be accused of playing favorites
because I don’t turn around and take you
back to Earth.”

  “I’m not asking favors,” Keltry retorted
calmly, “I just want to be a member of this
expedition.”

  Whatever Dynamon was going to answer
to that, it was interrupted by the loud-
speaker booming:

  “Centurion Dynamon is requested at the
control room.”

  Dynamon leapt to his feet, crushed Kel-
try to him in a swift brief embrace and
then opened the door.

  “Escort the prisoner to the scientist’s
quarters,” he ordered, “and release her.”

DYNAMON walked into the control
room and saw that Borion’s face
was gray. The navigator was standing in
front of the periscope screens looking from
one to another. The centurion walked over
and stood beside him.

  “The Martians are showing their hand
finally,” said Borion. “They have decided
that we’re headed for another planet, and
I don’t think that they want to let us carry
out our intention. See, here and here?”
Dynamon peered into the port and star-
board bow panels. He could see dozens of
little red specks rapidly growing larger.

  “They will try and surround us,” Borion
said, “and blanket our magnets with their
own.”

  “That's not so good, is it?” Dynamon
murmured. “What is our altitude from

Earth?”

  “Forty miles,” was the reply, “and I
think they still may be able to overhear our
conversation.”

  “Let them,” said Dynamon quietly, “We
have no secrets from them and they may as
well know that we’re going to out-run
them. Full speed, Borion!”

  The Navigator advanced the “repellor”
lever as far as it would go. There was a
slight jerk under foot. Then he adjusted
a needle on a large dial and moved the
“attractor” lever to its full distance. There
was another jerk as the great Carrier
104

PLANET STORiES

lunged forward through space. Borion
smiled.

  “I put the attractor beam on the moon,”
he said, “and we'll be hitting it up close
to nineteen miles a second in a few min-
utes. We should walk away from those
drops of blood, over there.”

 “Are we pointing away from them
enough?” Dynamon asked. “What’s to
prevent them from changing their course
and cutting over to intercept us? See,
that’s what they appear to be doing now.”
The navigator peered critically at the for-
ward periscope screens. “It may be a
close shave at that,” he admitted. “But
please trust me, Dynamon, I'll make it past
them.”

THE tiny red specks in the periscope
screens were growing shockingly fast,
indicating the frightful speed at which the
Earth-Carrier was traveling. Bigger and
bigger they grew under Dynamon’s fasci-
nated gaze. The centurion darted a glance
at Borion. In this fantastic encounter,
every second counted. Could the naviga-
tor elude the pursuing red Carriers ? Bor-
ion haunched tensely over the control
levers, his eyes glued to the screens. The
Martian ships were as big as cigars now
and tripling their size with every heartbeat.
Dynamon clenched his fist involuntarily and
fought down an impulse to shout a warn-
ing. That would be worse than useless now
—the fate of the expedition was entirely
in the hands of Borion.

  Dynamon held his breath as a flash of
red flicked across the port bow periscope
screen. The Carrier heaved under his feet
for a second then quickly settled to an even
keel again. The sweat stood out in little
drops on Borion’s forehead.

  “Too close for comfort,” muttered the
navigator. His eyes widened as another
huge red shape loomed up in the starboard
bow screen. Borion’s hands flicked over
a dial spinning a needle around. Then he
hung desperately back on the repellor.
There was a momentary shock. The Car-
rier seemed to bounce off something. Bor-
ion staggered and Dynamon hurled for-
ward and crashed into the forward bulk-
head of the control room.

  Then Borion shouted, “We’re through!”

  Dynamon picked himself up off the floor
with a rueful smile. “I thought we were
all through for a minute,” he observed.

  “Well! That was a bad minute there!”
said Borion excitedly. “I thought that one
fellow was going to get us, but I kicked
him off by throwing the beam on him and
giving him the repellor. But you can see
for yourself, they are far behind now, and
they’ll never in the world be able to catch
up."

  Dynamon peered into the port and star-
board quarter screens and saw a group of
rapidly diminishing red specks. He looked
up with a sigh of relief.

  “Good work, Borion,” he said, and the
navigator grinned.

  “I don’t think we will have to worry any
more about the Martian ships from now
on. if we’re careful,” Borion said. "I’m
going to run for the shadow of the moon
and from there I’ll plot a course straight
for Jupiter, avoiding Mars entirely.”

THE door to the control room opened,
and a smiling, spectacled face peered
in. It was Thamon, the scientist.

  “That was quite a bump,” Thamon ob-
served. “Were we trying to knock down
an asteroid?”

  Dynamon gave a short laugh. “No, that
was merely some of our friends from Mars
trying to head us off. But they’re far be-
hind now and we don’t anticipate any
trouble for a good many days.”

  “Ah, round one to the Earth people,”
Thamon observed. “In that case, Dyna-
mon, have you decided how you are going
to conduct affairs within the Carrier in the
immediate future?”

  “Not quite,” Dynamon replied. “Sup-
pose we discuss that, in my quarters?”
Thamon nodded. “I’m at your disposal,
Centurion.”

  Dynamon led the way down the little
stair and into the compartment that served
as his office. Once there, he threw off his
long military cloak and sat down at a little
table, his great bronzed shoulders gleam-
ing in the soft artificial light.

  “I suppose the first question,” said
Thamon, sitting down opposite the centur-
ion, “is whether to institute suspended ani-
mation on board?”
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

105

  “I think we'd better, don't you?” said
Dynamon.

  “It would save a lot of food and oxy-
gen,” the scientist replied. “You see, even
at our tremendous rate of speed now, it
will take two hundred and twenty-six days
to reach the outer layer of Saturn's at-
mosphere. Until we actually land the ship,
there is no conceivable emergency that
couldn’t be handled by a skeleton crew.”
“Quite right,” said Dynamon. “I'll have
Mortoch take charge of the arrangements,
if you will stand by to supervise the tech-
nical side.”

  “It’s as good as done,” said Thamon.
“We have the newest type of refrigeration
system in the main saloon. I can drop the
temperature one hundred and fifty degrees
in one-fifth of a second. By the way, I
was a little worried by that outburst of
Mortoch’s when we were talking about
Keltry.”

  “Oh, well,” said Dynamon, “Mortoch is
only human. He was a Senior Decurion
and I was passed over him for this job.
He couldn’t help but be a little jealous. But
he will be all right, he’s a soldier, after
all.”

  “I hope so,” said Thamon, doubtfully.
“Why certainly,” Dynamon affirmed.
“As a matter of fact, I wish he had been
given the command in the first place. Be-
tween you and me, I’m not too keen about
this expedition to a comparatively unknown
planet. Thamon, why on earth weren't
human beings content to stay at home?
Why did they have to go to such endless
pains to construct these Cosmos Carriers?
Before these things were invented, the in-
habitants of Earth and the inhabitants of
Mars didn’t know that each other existed,
and they were perfectly happy about it.
But when they both began spinning around
through space between the planets, all of a
sudden the Solar System was not big
enough to hold both Peoples.”

  “It’s come fatal restlessness in the make-
up of human beings,” Thamon replied. “Do
you realize how far back Man has been
trying to reach out to other planets?”
“Well, the first successful trip in a Cos-
mos Carrier was made seventy-eight years
ago,” said Dynamon.

  Thamon chuckled.

  “As far as we know, that was the first
successful trip,” the scientist corrected. “As
a matter of fact, the first Cosmos Carrier
was anticipated hundreds of years ago.
Just the other day in the library, I found
a very interesting account of an archaeolog-
ical discovery made up in North Central
3A—the island that the ancients called
Britain. A complete set of drawings and
building plans was found in an admirable
state of preservation. The date on the
plans was 1956, and as you will remember
from your school history, all of North
Central by that time had been terribly
ravaged by the wars. The inventor, whose
name was Leonard Bolton, called his con-
trivance a ‘space ship.’ Wonderful, those
old names, aren’t they? But the most re-
markable thing of all, is, that the designs
for that ‘space ship’ were very practical.
If the man ever had a chance to build one,
which he probably didn’t, it might very
well have been a successful vehicle.”
“That’s very interesting,” said Dynamon.
“Were there any clues as to what happened
to Leonard Bolton?”

  “None at all,” the scientist replied. “All
we know about him is that he designed the
‘space ship’ and then was presumably
blotted out by the savage weapons used in
the warfare of those days. But, as I say,
the remarkable thing is that when we got
around to building a Cosmos Carrier eighty
years ago, we were able to use several of
Leonard Bolton’s ideas. Which all goes to
show, I suppose, there’s nothing new under
the sun.”

  “I’m not so sure about that,” said Dyna-
mon with a smile. “I've an idea that we’re
going to bump into several things new to
us on the planet Saturn.”

  “As to that,” Thamon nodded, “I
shouldn’t be surprised if you are right. Now
I suppose I'd better go and make arrange-
ments for the refrigeration job. Will Mor-
toch be responsible for providing each in-
dividual with a hypodermic and return-to-
life tablets?”

  “That will be taken care of,” said Dyna-
mon. “I’ll see you later.”

DYNAMON stood beside Borion in the
control room, staring fascinatedly at
the periscope screens. The images that
106

PLANET STORIES

were reflected in the six panels made up a
composite scene that was awe-inspiring and
fearsome. The great Cosmos Carrier was
finally arriving at the end of its seven
months’ journey. In front of the Earth-
craft, a vast, barren expanse, uniformly
dark gray in color spread for thousands of
miles. To one side of the Carrier a wide
belt of mist and shimmering particles
stretched upward from the planet out
toward space. Dynamon realized that this
was a small section of the great ring en-
circling Saturn, that could be seen in the
powerful telescopes from Earth. Glancing
at the stern vision screens, Dynamon saw
the sun twinkling. So far away it was
now-, that it was hardly bigger than a large
star and gave off not much more light.
Even though they were coming to Saturn in
the middle of a Saturnian day, there was no
more than a gloomy half-light to illumine
their way.

  “Saturn revolves on its axis with such
speed," observed Borion, "that I should
imagine there will be tremendous prevail-
ing winds on the surface. I think I can
see a range of steep mountains down there;
it might not be a bad idea if we landed in
the lee of them.”

  “Yes,” agreed Dynamon, “I think that
would be a good idea. As a matter of fact,
we may have to dig below the surface en-
tirely to prevent being blown away. How
is the gravitation pull?”

  “It’s a curious thing,” Borion replied.
“It should be tremendous but the centrif-
ugal force is so strong that it counterbal-
ances to a certain extent. The ship is han-
dling very easily.”

  “How soon do you think we’ll make the
surface?” said Dynamon.

  “I should estimate somewhere around
six hours from now,” the navigator an-
swered. “I could make it sooner but I'm
feeling my way.”

  “That suits me,” said Dynamon. “That
will give us just time to turn off the re-
frigeration and bring our people back to
life. Lucky devils to be able to sleep
through this trip—have you ever been so
bored in your life?”

  “Never,” agreed Borion. “But I am not
bored now.”

  Dynamon walked across the control room

and threw a large switch in the wall panel.

  "Decurion Mortoch and Scientist Tha-
mon,” he said into the loud-speaker sys-
tem. "Proceed at once to remove the sus-
pension-of-life condition in the main sa-
loon. As soon as everyone is revived,
stand by to take landing stations.”

  As the centurion closed the- switch and
turned away, Borion called him over again
to the periscope screens.

  "That is a range of mountains,” said the
navigator. “I can see it more clearly now.
I think I’ll slow up our descent a little bit
so that by the time we’re ready to land it
will be midday again. As you probably
know, Saturn makes a complete revolution
in only a little more than ten hours.”
"That sounds sensible,” said Dynamon.
“We’ll need all the light we can get to
make a safe landing.”

  Borion nodded and reached toward the
repellor lever. He pushed it gently forward
and then looked at his altimeter. He seemed
to be dissatisfied with the altimeter reading
and pushed forward the repellor lever a
little more. Then he looked again at the
altimeter, and an expression of bewilder-
ment came over his face. With a muttered
exclamation he jammed the repellor lever
as far ahead as it would go, at the same
time watching the altimeter. Dynamon
sensed that something was wrong as he
watched the color drain out of the naviga-
tor’s face.

  “The Saints preserve us!” the navigator
cried hoarsly. “Something has gone ter-
ribly wrong—the repellor isn’t working !
We’re dropping at a frightful rate of

speed—!”

  Borion leapt to the loud-speaker system
and issued rapid orders to the navigating
engineers.

  “What’s going to happen to us ?” Dyna-
mon demanded.

  "I don’t know,” Borion said, his face
ashen. "I think it is just a simple mechan-
ical failure in the controls from the repellor
lever down to the magnets. I don't know
how soon my workers can discover the
trouble and repair it. In the mean time—”
“In the mean time,” Dynamon broke in
gloomily, “we may all be spattered all over
that gray landscape.”

  “Either that,” Borion gritted, “or we
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	107

burn to a crisp from the atmospheric fric-
tion. I can feel it getting warmer in here
already.”

DYNAMON fought down the sickening
sensation of panic that was starting to
creep over him.

  “How long do you think we have got ?”
he said with an effort.

   “At the most,” said Borion staring, white
lipped, at the altimeter, “at the most, I should
say a half an hour.”

  The door to the control room burst open
and Thamon rushed in closely followed by
Keltry.

  “I heard you talking to. your engineers,
Borion," the scientist said rapidly. “Are
we in trouble ?”

  “We are,” said Borion, “and it may be
the last trouble any of us ever have. Our
repellor has gone out for some reason. And
we’re heading for the surface of Saturn like
a metorite.”

“Can’t anything be done?” said Thamon.
“My engineers are doing all they can to
find the source of the trouble,” Borion re-
plied. “But until they do, I can’t slow the
ship up.”

  Keltry’s great brown eyes were enormous
as she moved over beside Dynamon and took
his right hand in hers.

  “As long as I’m with you, Dynamon,” she
said in a low voice, “I’m not afraid to die.
But I hate to see your expedition fail. Per-
haps the fate of the Earth depends on us
here in this Carrier.”

  “I know,” said Dynamon, squeezing her
hand. His eyes followed Borion as the navi-
gator went to the loud-speaker system again.
But apparentiy the news from below was
not encouraging, and Borion’s shoulders
sagged as he turned to face the other three
people in the control room.

  “They haven’t found the source of the
trouble yet.” he said dully, “and there’s not
a thing to be done until they do. I’m sorry
that, as navigator of this Carrier, I am
plunging you all to your death. But it’s a
case of a simple mechanical failure which
I couldn’t foresee.”

  Keltry stepped forward impulsively and
laid her hand on the navigator’s wrist.

  “Nobody could blame you, Borion,” she
said gently. “It isn’t your fault if the at-

tractor or the repellor lever, whichever it
is, gets broken. You are already—”

  “Wait a minute!” Borion shouted, eyes
darting out of his head. “The attractor!
In my excitement I forgot!”

  The navigator leapt to the control levers,
spun the dial and put his hand on the at-
tractor lever.

  “If—I’m only—on time!” he muttered
agonizedly. “It’s just possible—the coun-
ter-attraction of Jupiter—Lord it’s hot!”
The control room was silent as death as
the navigator eased the attractor lever care-
fully forward. Dynamon whipped a glance
at the periscope screens. The ground was
rushing up at a terrific rate, and out behind
the Carrier, a dense cloud of black smoke
was forming. The veins were standing out
in Borion’s forehead as he inched the at-
tractor lever forward. The girl and the
two men watched him with bated breath as
he slowly raised his eyes to the altimeter.
A wild incredulous expression appearing on
the navigator’s face.

  “It’s—it’s working! Borion muttered
hoarsly, “the attractor beam from Jupiter
is slowing us up!”

DYNAMON’S heart leapt and he sprang
' back to the periscope screens. The
column of smoke behind them was still there
but it seemed to be thinning out. But the
surface of Saturn seemed to be rushing
upward just as fast as ever. Dynamon
twisted his head around to look at Borion.
A feverish smile was lighting up the navi-
gator’s face as he pressed forward on the
attractor lever.

  “We may just make it!” he breathed, and
Dynamon said a little prayer.

  In the screen a range of dark gray moun-
tains stood out in bold relief and seemed
to reach claw-like peaks toward the speed-
ing Carrier. But the smoke had ceased to
whip past, and only a small black cloud far
behind served to remind Dynamon of the
fearful friction that the surface of the ship
had been subjected to. At the same time
Dynamon felt an invisible force dragging
him toward the front bulkhead of the con-
trol room, and he knew that the Carrier was
slowing up its forward speed. Through
the bow periscopes the jagged range of
mountains seemed so close that Dynamon al-
108	PLANET

most felt he could reach out and touch them.
Miraculously, they rose up to one side of the
ship. A moment later a voice sounded in
the loud-speaker system.

  “The magnet room calling the navigator.
A break in the control shaft has been dis-
covered and repaired. Throw the repellor
lever into neutral and than advance it.”
Borion gave a little sob, flicked back the
repellor and then pushed it forward again.
The floor of the control room heaved for
a minute and then settled on an even keel,
Dynamon stared unbelievingly at the star-
board midship's periscope screens and saw
that the great Carrier was resting immobile
not more than twenty feet above the gray
soil of Saturn.

  “Saved!” cried Borion hysterically, “and
it was Keltry who did it! In my excitement
I would have let all of us plunge to our
death, if Keltry hadn’t reminded me that
there was such a thing as an attractor lever!
Dynamon, Thamon, we should get down on
our knees and thank our stars that Keltry
was in here!”

  The door of the control room opened and
Mortoch stepped in.

  "Do you have to toss us around like that ?”
the lean decurion said. “I had a near-panic
on my hands with some of those people just
coming out of their suspended animation.
Oh!—” Mortoch smiled ironically— “I be-
gin to see why we had such a rough passage.
If beautiful stowaways are given the run of
the control room, I should imagine it would
be hard for the navigator to keep his mind on
his work.”

  Borion started forward with a snarl but
Dynamon’s voice cracked like a whip.

  “Attention ! Both of you ! Try and re-
member that you are modern, civilized men,
not twentieth century-brutes.”'

   Borion’s hands fell to his sides, and he be-
gan to laugh.

  “You’re absolutely right, Dynamon,” he
said, “I don’t know why I should let myself
be annoyed by this crude soldier. After all,
the cream of the joke is that Mortoch would
never have been able to come in here and
make sarcastic remarks about Keltry, if
Keltry hadn't been here for the past half
hour.”

  “What do you mean by that?” said Mor-
toch suspiciously.

STORIES

  “I mean," said Borion, “that if Keltry
had not been in here, you and everybody else
aboard this Carrier would now be dead.”

  “Now !” said Dynamon. “I think we have
had enough of personalities. Suppose we
get a little work done. Mortoch, prepare
the First Decuria for reconnaissance duty.
Each man should be equipped with cloak,
oxygen mask, counter-gravity helmets, and
a supply of voltage bombs, and each man’s
radio should be set at eighty-one thousand
meters. Have them ready at the main door
in fifteen minutes. I will lead them on a
short tour of exploration and.Thamon will
accompany me. In the mean time, Mortoch,
you will remain in charge of the Carrier
until I get back.”

DYNAMON’S heart was pounding with
excitement as he and Thamon walked
through the main saloon toward the group
of cloaked figures standing by the big round
door. As far as he knew he was going to
be the first human being ever to step foot
on the planet Saturn. He mentally checked
over his own equipment and made sure that
it was all in place, including the hard rub-
ber box slung over his shoulder on a strap.
That box contained his supply of voltage
bombs—little glass spheroids, smaller than
golf balls, which, when hurled at an enemy,
burst releasing a tremendous electric
charge. There was little likelihood that
these bombs would be needed, because the
periscope screens had shown no sign of
life anywhere in the gray, arid valley in
which the Cosmos Carrier was lying. How-
ever, Dynamon was taking no chances. He
glanced briefly at Thamon beside him. The
scientist was unarmed, carrying the light
metal staff which was the badge of his pro-
fession.

  Dynamon stepped forward and ran his
eyes quickly over the masked, muffled fig-
ures of the First Decuria. Then he signed
to an engineer who quickly unfastened the
great door. Dynamon then stepped through
and his party followed him crowding into
the air lock between the inner and outer
doors. Thamon stepped forward, ma-
neuvered a lever, the outer door swung
open and Saturn lay waiting for the touch
of Dynamon’s foot.

  It was not an especially inviting prospect.
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

109

A blast of unbelievably cold air swirled
through the open door, carrying with it
particles of fine, gray sand. In the dim,
murky twilight, tall gray mountains loomed
ominously across the valley floor. Dynamon
shivered and turned up the heat in his elec-
tric cloak. Then with one hand on the
knob of his counter-gravity helmet he
stepped gingerly out on to the ground.

  Instantly he sank to his knees in gray
sand that was as light and powdery as fresh
snow. With a quick twist of the knob on
his helmet he kicked his feet free and stood
lightly on the surface again.

  “Attention, First Decuria!” he said into
the transmitter of his radio phone. “Adjust
counter-gravitation to approximately plus
ten pounds.”

  Stepping backward, he turned and
watched the masked figures of his com-
mand leave the Carrier one by one. Tha-
mon came out first, followed by the De-
curion, and after him the soldiers. Me-
chanically, Dynamon counted them. As
the tenth soldier stepped out on the gray
soil, Dynamon started to turn away when
to his astonishmenj an eleventh cloaked
figure came out of the door of the Carrier.

  “Decurion!” Dynamon said sharply into
his transmitter, “since when have you had
eleven men in your command?”

  “Never,” came back the prompt answer
in Dynamon’s ears. As the decurion faced
about to count his men, one of them moved
over beside Dynamon.

  “Forgive me, Dynamon,” came a soft
feminine voice, “but I had to come with
you. It’s Keltry. Please don’t send me
back, I promise not to be any trouble.”
Dynamon hesitated, then reluctantly
agreed to allow her to come along.

  “Stay close to Thamon,” he warned, and
started off down the valley, the rest of the
party following him.

  Lightened as they were to keep from
sinking deep into the treacherous powdery
sand, the humans made fast progress, ac-
celerated by the strong breeze that blew at
their backs down the valley. At that, Dy-
namon realized that the lofty mountains
on either side provided protection against
immeasurably stronger winds higher up.
From the saw-toothed peaks on the left,
dark streamers of sand stood out for yards,

indicating constant winds of gale propor-
tions up there.

THE valley itself, as far as Dynamon
could see in the dim half-light, was
barren of any kind of life. There was no
sign of a creeping, crawling, or flying crea-
ture ; nor was there any vegetation, trees or
grass. Dynamon led his column nearly a
mile down the unchanging gray of the val-
ley and then called a halt.

  “Thamon,” he said, beckoning the scien-
tist to him, “can you see any possibility of
human habitation in this valley?”

  “Off-hand, I don’t, not on the surface,”
the scientist replied. “I would have to test
the atmosphere for oxygen, but I doubt if
there is a large enough proportion. My
guess is that there is nothing but nitrogen
in this air. That won’t support human life,
or any other kind of life except possibly
certain kinds of plants.”

  “What about tridium?” said Dynamon.
“How do you go about looking for it?”
“Electrophysiological tests of all kinds,”
said Thamon, “I must say this valley
doesn’t look very encouraging. It looks
like burned out volcanic ash. Say! What’s
that up the valley?”

  Dynamon gazed back in the direction of
the Cosmos Carrier, and felt an uneasy
prickling along his spine. The desert val-
ley floor behind them seemed suddenly to
have sprouted some tall bushes. There were
possibly a dozen of them standing at in-
tervals of twenty yards. They were too far
away—perhaps one eighth of a mile—for
Dynamon to see them very well, but they
appeared to consist of a score of leafless
branches radiating outward in all direc-
tions from a small core. It was as if a
basket ball was bristling with ten-foot
javelins.

  “Where did they come from?” Dyna-
mon gasped. “I didn’t see them when we
walked over that ground a few minutes

ago.”

  “Nor I,” agreed Thamon. “I can’t imag-
ine where they came from.”

  Just then one of the bushes apparently
moved a few feet as if blown by the wind.

  “Good Lord!” exclaimed Thamon. “Did
you see that? One of those things rolled
forward!”
110

PLANET STORIES

  Then another of the fantastic bushes
started to roll, and another, and another.
In a moment all twelve of the extraordinary
apparitions were rolling rapidly down the
wind toward the humans. Dynamon felt
the hair on the back of his neck stiffen,
and he sprang into action, commanding his
soldiers to converge around him.

  “Thamon, what are those things !” Dyna-
mon cried.

  “I don’t know,” the scientist replied.
“I don’t think they can be animals. But
they might be rootless nitrogen-feeding
plants of some kind. Look! Those branches
are covered with long thorns!”

  The fantastic creatures were rolling
swiftly down on the little group of humans,
and Dynamon could see the sharp thorns
around the end of each branch. He reached
into the box at his hip.

  “Decuria, ready with voltage bombs,"
he commanded, and looking around saw
that each man held one of the little glass
bombs in his hand. The bushes were only
fifty feet away now, rolling lightly over
the gray sand on their spindly branches.

  “Ready?” warned Dynamon, “throw!”

  A shower of glistening glass balls flew
through the air into the midst of the menac-
ing apparitions. There was a series of
blinding flashes and loud reports. Some
jagged white lines appeared among the black
branches of the monsters, but they kept
right on rolling downwind. Dynamon felt
a surge of dismay. Those voltage bombs
had been, for years, Man’s best weapon.

  “They’re plants all right!” came Tha-
mon’s voice. “You can’t kill them with
electricity any more than you can kill a
tree!”

  Dynamon looked at the men huddled
about him and thought quickly.

  “All we can do, men, is to try and
dodge them,” he announced. “Spread out
and as soon as one of those things passes
you run upwind! Keltry! Thamon! Stay
close to me.”

THE line of rolling bushes was almost
upon them as the soldiers deployed in
all directions. Seizing Keltry by the hand,
Dynamon leapt to one side dragging her out
of the path of one of the spiney monsters.
Thamon gasped a warning, and Dynamon,

turning his head, felt a thrill of horror as
he saw another of the creatures almost on
top of them. Acting instinctively, Dyna-
mon snatched the metal staff from Tha-
mon’s hands and flailed frantically at the
black, thorny branches. To his amazement,
they shivered and snapped under the metal
rod like matchwood. Hardly daring to be-
lieve his eyes, Dynamon struck again and
again at the horrible creature, until in a few
minutes it was nothing but a pile of scat-
tered, broken faggots on the gray sand.

  But cries for help and screams of an-
guish sounded in Dynamon’s ear phones,
and he saw that five of the soldiers were
on the ground impaled on the cruel thorns
of others of the monsters. He ran toward
them and beat them to pieces with the rod
but too late to save the lives of the men.
They lay pierced in a dozen places by long,
black thorns. The rest of the Decuria had
managed to dodge the whirling branches of
the other bushes and now stood safely up
wind of them. Dynamon summoned the
survivors around him.

 "What do you think, Thamon?” he
asked. “In your opinion are there likely
to be more of „these horrible things
around?”

  “There may easily be,” the scientist re-
plied promptly. “But since the only de-
fense against them is this one metal rod,
I recommend that we leave our unfortunate
comrades here and head immediately for
the mountains over there. Those poor fel-
low's are beyond our help and we should
be able to find better protection from these
blood-thirsty thorn-bushes among the foot
hills. When we get there we can work
upwind until we’re opposite the Carrier
again.”

  “That sounds like good advice,” said
Dynamon. “And we’ll act on it. It’s get-
ting so dark now that we couldn’t see to
protect ourselves if any more of those
creatures came rolling down the wind.
Everyone join hands and follow me.”

AFTER a nerve-racking march of about
twenty-five minutes through the gath-
ering darkness, the party of nine humans
felt the ground rising beneath their feet.
Dynamon halted and hurled a voltage bomb
forward and upward. As the bomb ex-
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	111

ploded, the momentary flash revealed to the
party that they were at the foot of a steep,
rock-strewn declivity. Dynamon led the
party upward, feeling his way over the
great boulders. After a few minutes of
climbing, he called another halt and again
threw a voltage bomb.

  “We'll stay here for a few hours,” the
centurion announced, “until it gets light
enough to see our way. We will be safe
in the lee of these big rocks, so make your-
selves comfortable.”

  Nine dim figures spread out on the slop-
ping ground. Then one of them drifted
apart from the rest, up hill.

  “Who is that?” Dynamon demanded.
“Keltry,” came the answer. “I am just
going up hill a little distance. When you
exploded that last bomb I thought I saw
something that looked like the edge of a
volcanic crater.”

“You can’t see anything in this dark-
ness,” said Dynamon. “Wait till it gets
light again before you do any exploring.”
“Oh, I won’t go far,” said Keltry.
“Really, I won't.”

  “Well, be sure that you don’t,” Dyna-
mon smiled into his transmitter. Then he
said, “Thamon, where are you?”

  “Right here,” and a figure moved over
beside the centurion.

  Dynamon’s question was casual.

  “Did you see anything that looked like
a volcanic crater?”

  “Come to think of it,” the scientist re-
plied, “I think I did. It’s just up here a
few yards.”

  “Shall we go along and have a look at
it too, then?” said Dynamon, getting up on
his feet. Just then, he stood rooted with
horror as a piercing scream rang in his ear
phone.

  “Dynamon! Dynamon, I’m falling!”
“Keltry!” the centurion exclaimed.
“What’s the matter? Has something hap-
pened to your helmet?”

  “Yes!” Keltry’s voice was fainter. “I’ve
lost it! It was unfastened, and when I
stumbled, it rolled off!” Fainter and fainter
grew the voice. “I’m falling down a black
hole a mile a minute!” With a muttered
sob, Dynamon scrambled up the slope. A
moment later, his foot stepped out on empty
space. He started to fall into nothingness.

  “Keltry!” he cried into his transmitter.
“Where are you ? Answer me!”

  Straining his ears Dynamon heard a
tiny voice far away saying, “I'm still fall-
ing.”

  “I’m coming after you, Keltry!” the cen-
turion yelled, and reaching up to the knob
on his helmet, twisted frantically. By do-
ing that, he multiplied the gravitational pull
of the planet and was now falling much
more swiftly than Keltry. How deep this
black pit was, Dynamon had no idea, but
he prayed it would be deep enough so that
he could catch up with Keltry before she
hit the bottom. It was a desperate chance
but Dynamon was willing to take it.

  “Keltry!” he shouted into the transmit-
ter. “Can you hear me? I'm coming for
you.”

  “Yes, I hear you, Dynamon,” came the
answer, and Dynamon’s heart leapt as it
seemed to him that the voice sounded a
little stronger.

  “Keep your courage up, Keltry,'’ he said,
trying to sound calm. “I’m falling faster
than you are. There doesn’t seem to be
any bottom to this pit so I’m bound to
catch up with you.”

  “Oh, Dynamon! You shouldn’t have
jumped after me. There’s—there’s only—
one chance in a million that we don’t
crash.”

KELTRY was bravely trying to hide the
dispair and terror in her voice, but
most important of all to Dynamon was the
fact that she sounded—stil nearer! He
resolutely put out of his mind the frightful
probability that at any second, first Keltry
and then he, would be dashed to pieces at
the bottom of the pit. It seemed to him
that he had been falling for miles, and he
thought that there was beginning to be more
air resistance now. He bent his head and
peered downward, trying to pierce the inky
blackness with his eyes, but he could see
nothing. It was a fantastic sensation or,
better still, a lack of all sensation. He
seemed to be resting immobile in a black
nothingness, with only the rushing air tear-
ing at his cloak to indicate that he was
falling.

  “Keep talking, Keltry,” he cried.

  “Oh, you sound so much nearer!” There
112	PLANET

was a note of incredulous hope in Keltry’s
voice.

  “I told you I’d catch up with you!”
Dynamon exulted.

  Suddenly, his heart gave a great bound.
He was still peering downward and it
'seemed to him that far away he could see
a tiny pin point of light.

  “Keltry!” he cried, “am I seeing things?
Or is there something that looks like a star;
way down there?”

  “Oh, I think I see it!” Keltry answered
breathlessly. “Dynamon, what could that
mean ?”

  “I don’t know,” said Dynamon, “but it
seems to be growing larger, and I’m get-
ting much nearer to you.”

  Under his fascinated eyes, the star grew
bigger and brighter by the second. In a
few moments Dynamon, hardly daring to
believe his eyes, thought he could make out
the outlines of a flying figure between him
and the light.

  “Keltry!” he shouted. “I’ve almost
caught up with you! Hold your hands up
over your head.”

  “Oh Dynamon! I think I can see you.”
The point of light which Dynamon
thought was a star, was growing into a
larger, brighter disk. Keltry’s body was
sharply outlined against it now, and she
seemed to be scarcely ten feet away. Dy-
namon bent himself into a jack-knife dive
and kicked his feet up behind him. The
air pressure was tremendous now, and
Dynamon began to realize that it was no
star, or sun, or planet down below but the
bottom of the pit. Rays of light spread
upward, illuminating the smooth, shiny
sides of the shaft. A few more agonizing
seconds went past and Dynamon’s hands
grazed the tips of Keltry’s upraised fingers.
Dynamon dared not estimate how far above
the bottom of the pit they were, but con-
centrated on gaining the few inches he
needed to get a grip on one of Keltry’s
wrists.

  “We’ve—almost—made it!” he panted.
“Here—grab my right arm and hang on
for dear life!”

  An involuntary shout of relief came
from Dynamon’s lips as he felt Keltry’s
strong fingers close over his arm.

' “Hang on!” he shouted, and his left

STORIES

hand flew up to his helmet and carefully
turned the counter-gravitation knob. At
the same time, he twisted his back around
and fought his feet downward. A mo-
ment later, he gripped Keltry’s torso under
the arms with his knees. Frantically, he
tried to estimate how far above the bot-
tom of the pit they were. They might be
five thousand feet—or five hundred feet.
Slowly he turned the dial on his helmet,
resisting the almost insuperable impulse to
twist the knob too fast. If he tried to stop
their fall too quickly it would tear their
bodies apart.

  Slowly, ever slowly, the air-rush dimin-
ished. By now, they were well down into
the area illuminated from the bottom of
the pit. And they could see that they were
falling through a round shaft perhaps one
hundred feet in diameter. Dynamon judged
that they were less than one hundred feet
off the bottom.

  “Look out, Keltry,” he said. “I’ve got
to put on the brakes hard.”

  He gritted his teeth, and flicked the knob
on his helmet. He stifled a groan as in-
visible ropes attached to his feet and hands
seemed to be trying to pull him apart. But
gradually the terrific pressure released. He
moved the knob a shade, and released the
grip of his knees on Keltry.

  “There!” he grunted as they both landed
lightly on solid ground. “There wasn’t
two seconds to spare.”

KELTR\ drew a shuddering sigh and
put a hand on Dynamon’s arm for
support.

  “Oh, Dynamon!” she whispered, “if I
weren’t such a well brought-up girl I would
break down and cry from sheer relief.”

  “I don’t blame you,” said Dynamon in
a voice that shook a little. “That was- quite
an experience, but we came out of it all
right. Now, where do you suppose we are?
How do you suppose this pit was ever
formed ?”

  The two Earth-people stared around
them curiously. They were bathed in a
bright light, and yet there was no apparent
source of illumination. It began to dawn
011 them that the rocks which formed the
side walls at the base of the shaft, were
themselves luminous, glowing with a curi-
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATVRN	113

ous greenish light. Dynamon tilted his
head back and stared up into the darken-
ing shaft. Suddenly, he uttered an exclama-
tion and, seizing Keltry by the wrist
dragged her to one side. A few seconds
later, a round object dropped out of the
shaft and bounced on the ground. It was
Keltry’s counter-gravity helmet.

  Dynamon reached down and picked it
up. “It’s a good thing that these things
are well built,” he remarked with a smile,
“or this would be smashed to bits. The
knob is still set for plus ten pounds, and
that was quite a fall. I wonder whether
it still works.”

   He twisted the knob experimentally and
the helmet started to sail upward.

  “Say!” Dynamon cried. “It works, all
right! Here, put it on Keltry.”

   Keltry accepted the helmet with a laugh,
put it on her head and was buckling it
under her chin when her blood suddenly
congealed in her veins. A loud shout rang
echoingly through the shaft. Dynamon
whirled around and beheld a curious figure
standing in front of a rock not sixty feet
away. It stood upright on two legs, and
cradled a sort of club in its arms. Its head
was covered with long, yellow hair that fell
down on to its shoulders, and the lower half
of its face was covered with coarse, yellow,
hair. Blue eyes glinted from under shaggy
brows in a menacing glare at the two
Earth-people.

  “It Jooks quite human, doesn’t it?”
whispered Keltry.

   Dynamon nodded arid slid his ear phone
off his right ear as he saw the stranger’s
hairy mouth opening and closing. Keltry
followed his example in time to hear the
stranger’s rumbling voice.

  “Whoo-yoo?”

  Dynamon touched Keltry’s hand. “That
sounded like ‘who are you’ didn’t it?” he
said wonderingly.

   “It certainly did.” Keltry answered. “I
think that’s some kind of human.”

   “If it’s a human,” Dynamon said, “then
there must be some sort of breathable at-
mosphere down here. You notice he's not
wearing any oxygen mask.”

   “Whoo-yoo?” the stranger repeated, “an
whey cum fum?”

8—Planet Stories—Winter

  “He’s speaking a kind of English!” said
Keltry excitedly. "He said, ‘who are you’
and ‘where do you come from!”

  “By Jupiter!” cried Dynamon. “I think
you’re right. If he can breathe without
a mask, so can we. I’ll have a little talk
with him.”

  A moment later the centurion stood bare-
headed, helmet and oxygen mask in hand.

  “We’re humans from Earth,” he told the
stranger, pronouncing each word carefully.
“Who are you ?”

  The stranger’s eyes and mouth flew open
in astonishment and the rod sagged in his
hands.

  “Humes! Fum-Earth!” he cried hoarsely,
then turned his head, and gave an ear-split-
ting yell.

A MOMENT later, a dozen or more
short, hairy-faced creatures closely
resembling the first stranger came tumbling
through a passageway behind him and
stood rooted with astonishment at the sight
of Dynamon and Keltry. Their bodies
were completely covered, the torsoes, with
loose, gray tunics, and the legs with ugly,
baggy tubes. They advanced cautiously on
the two people from Earth.

  “Take off your helmet and mask,” Dy-
namon directed Keltry, “the air is per-
fectly good. We'll try and find out the
mystery of how these humans ever got
here.”

  He turned and addressed the first
stranger, again enunciating slowly and care-
fully. Immediately the whole crowd burst
into excited jabbering. Here and there
Dynamon thought he recognized a word.
Finally, one man taller than the rest stepped
forward.

  “Yoo cum thus,” he declared.

  “Certainly,” Dynamon nodded with a
smile, and reached out a hand to Keltry.
The crowd, with wondering eyes, opened
up a line and the two young people from
Earth followed their self-appointed guide
through it. A short narrow passageway
led off at a sharp angle through the rocky
wall of the pit, and presently Dynamon
and Keltry found themselves on what ap-
peared to be a hill top. Both of them gave
little gasps as a vast and magnificent pano-
rama spread out before their astonished
114	PLANET

eyes. It was as if they had stepped into a
new world.

  A gently undulating plain stretched away
in three directions as far as their eyes
could see. It was predominantly gray in
color, but here and there, were scattered
long, narrow strips of green. These green
strips all had shimmering, silvery borders,
and Dynamon couldn’t help recalling to
mind some arid spots back on the Earth
that were criss-crossed with irrigation
ditches. There were no trees on this vast
plain, but strewn around in a haphazard
wav, were a quantity of great boulders.
And these rocks, like the rocks at the base
of the pit, glowed luminously. However,
the landscape was clearly illuminated by
some other source than those scattered
rocks. Dynamon lifted his eyes upward
and saw that above them, and stretching
as far as the eye could reach, there was a
softly luminous ceiling. There was no way
of telling how high up this ceiling was. It
might be twenty feet or twenty miles. The
effect was like that of certain days on the
Earth, when wide-spread clouds blanket
the sky and diffuse the sun’s rays.

  The plain was by no means deserted.
Here and there along the green strips four-
legged creatures moved slowly, creatures
that, on Earth Dynamon would have said
were cows. Nearer at hand, a flock of
small white creatures milled around aim-
lessly, and Dynamon could have sworn he
heard the cackle of hens. Dynamon
glanced over his shoulder and saw that
the little hairy-faced men were filing out of
the passageway to the pit. The guide
tugged at his sleeve.

  “This oo-ay,” he said and pointed to his
right.

  Still holding Keltry’s hand, Dynamon
turned and followed the man, and the
others fell in behind them. Their way
eventually led toward a tall set of cliffs at
the base of which a score or so of cave-
like openings could be seen.

  “These are humans, aren’t they, Dyna-
mon ?” Keltry whispered.

  “They certainly look like it,” Dynamon
answered, “although obviously they’re very
primitive.”

  “Then how and when did they come to
Saturn?” Keltry persisted.

STORIES

  “I haven’t the faintest idea,” Dynamon
shrugged. “Perhaps we'll find out.

  Other strange humans came running up
the hill and joined the crowd behind them.
Apparently they were not all men, for some
of them had no hair on their faces and wore
long robes over their bodies. The guide led
them straight to one of the openings in
the cliff, then halted and faced the two
adventurers impressively.

  ‘‘The koo-een!” he announced in a loud
tone.

  Dynamon and Keltry looked wonder-
ingly at each other and then back to the
guide. At that moment a woman appeared
at the mouth of the cave. She was small
and delicately formed and strikingly beau-
tiful. She had the bluest of eyes and
golden hair that fell away on either side
of a marble brow. A long-sleeved white
garment gathered at the waist covered her
from neck to toe, but its shapeless folds
could scarcely conceal the delicious curves
of her little body.

  “Humes!” the guide shouted proudly,
“fum Earth!”

THE woman’s blue eyes widened as
she stared solemnly at Dynamon and
Keltry.

  “Are you from Earth?” she said in slow
musical tones. “So strange! So wonder-
ful ! How did you come ?”

  Dynamon grinned. “We came in a Cos-
mos Carrier,” he said easily. “And to us,
it seems even more strange and more won-
derful that we find humans already on
Saturn.”

  A shy answering smile came over the
woman’s beautiful face.

  “We have been here hundreds of years,”
she replied in the same slow accents. “But
come inside the Palace and we will talk.”

  She turned with an inviting look and the
two adventurers from Earth followed her
through a passageway lined with the, by
now, familiar luminous rocks. They came
out in a fairly large, high-ceilinged room,
in the center of which was a sort of table
made out of a long, trimmed slab of rock.
At one end of this table was a high-back
chair made of woven reeds. The woman
walked over to the chair and sitting down
in it, indicated stools on either side of her.
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATIRN

115

  “Sit down,” she said, “and tell me more
about yourselves.”

  “Thank you,” Dynamon answered, and
turning to his companion said, “It's warm
in here, I think we might take off these
cloaks.”

  Keltry nodded, and putting her hand to
the throat fastening, zipped it downward.
Dynamon did likewise and the two stepped
out of their cloaks. There was a sudden
scream from the beautiful little woman,
and her hands flew up in front of her eyes.

  “What are you doing?” she squealed.
“Why you’re—you’re practically naked!
You're positively immodest!”

  Keltry threw a startled glance at Dyna-
mon’s long, brown legs.

  “Why, not at all,” she said quietly. “We
are dressed like everyone else on Earth
at the present time. Modesty with us,
nowadays, is something much more impor-
tant than lengths of cloth.

  The little woman kept her hands before
her eyes and shook her head vigorously.
“It’s immodest,” she insisted, “and you
must put on your clothes at once. Don’t
you realize that I’m the queen?”

  Reluctantly, Keltry and Dynamon
stepped back into their heavy cloaks and
zipped them up the front.

   “Well! that’s better,” said the little queen
primly. “My goodness,” she said with a
slight glance, “is everybody on Earth as
big and brown as you two?”

  “We’re about average, I should say,”
Keltry answered with a smile. “And seri-
ously, we didn’t mean to offend you in the
matter of clothes.”

  “Well we, on Saturn,” said the little
queen, “don’t believe in indecent exposure.
Now, you say you came in some kind of a
carrier ?”

  “Yes,” said Dynamon. “It’s up on the
surface. We were exploring in die dark-
ness and fell down the long shaft.”

  “Why weren’t you killed?” said the
queen, blue eyes wide. Dynamon explained
the counter-gravity helmets. It took con-
siderable explanation, because the queen
was inclined to disbelieve the whole story.
She finaly accepted it, however, and then
launched into a long series of questions
about the Cosmos Carrier and about the
state of the Earth. Eventually Dynamon

found an opening and started asking ques-
tions 011 his part.

  “We’re anxious to know about you and
your people on Saturn,” he suggested.
“Have you a name or are you addressed
only as Queen ?”

  “I am Queen Diana,” the little woman
stated. “The last of my, line. I am a Bol-
ton, and the Boltons have been rulers of
Saturn ever since we came here.”

  “Bolton!” Dynamon shouted. “Are you
a descendant of Leonard Bolton?”

  “Yes!” replied the queen, with a de-
lighted smile. “Do they still remember
Leonard Bolton on Earth?”

  “We know that he designed a contrivance
called a ‘space ship’, but that’s all. Did he
actually build such a ship, and is that how
you come to be here so many thousands of
miles from Earth?”

  “Yes,” said Queen Diana, proudly. “It’s
all down in some books which I will show
you. Leonard Bolton built a space ship
which was big enough to hold ten families
and their belongings. There was a ter-
rible war going on and he thought the only
place to find safety was another planet.
So the ‘space ship’ left the Earth by means
of a thing called a ‘rocket,’ whatever that
is. And they wandered around for years in
space till they finally came into Saturn’s
orbit, and the tremendous gravity pulled
the ship right through the light outer crust
into this Nether World. I don’t know how
many years ago that was, but we have been
here ever since.”

  “Well that is an amazing story,” said
Dynamon. “And I would like to see those
books you mentioned. How incredibly for-
tunate that the ‘space ship’ broke through
into this Nether World, where there is an
asmosphere that will support life. And it
is pretty miraculous too, that the ‘space
ship’ didn’t break up from the force of
hitting the outer crust.”

  “Well, the books say that it was broken
up somewhat,” the queen answered, “but
nobody was hurt. And after they unloaded
the ship, they took it apart so that they
could use the metal in it for other things.”
She was eying him admiringly.

  “And the colony has survived over a
thousand years,” Dynamon mused. He
could not help thinking how, in comparison
116	PLANET

with the people on Earth, the survivors oE
Bolton’s expedition were a rather poor lot.
They had made no progress at all in the
thousand years, mentally or culturally;
from all evidences they had, on the con-
trary, retrogressed at least to a degree.
Then across his mind flitted a picture of
the hardships these brave souls had to en-
dure in establishing themselves on the new
planet. At no time could they have even
hoped to return to Earth.

  With their limited equipment they had
set out to make the most of their new
world. The great caves offered natural
shelter so it was small wonder that they
made their homes in them.

  Dynamon, although a soldier to his finger
tips, had none of the haughtiness and
cruelty which are so often found in the
warriors of today. Quickly his pity for the
colonists turned into admiration, and he
turned gently to face Queen Diana again.

  “Tell me,” he asked, “Are we the first
strangers you have seen? You haven’t, by
any chance, been visited by Martians, have
you ?”

  “Martians,” said the queen. “What are
they ?”

  “At present, they are just about the
worst enemies of human beings,” Dynamon
replied tersely.

  “No,” said the queen, “our only enemies
here are the land-krakens. We have been
fighting them for hundreds of years and
we have never been able to exterminate
them, because they’re so hard to kill.”

  “Land-krakens,” said Dynamon. “What
sort of creature are they?”

  “They are great, crawling monsters,”
the queen told him. “They have a dozen
long, flexible arms that curl around their
victims and strangle them. They lie in
wait for our cows and kill them easily, and
now and then, they catch a human being.
They’re terribly hard to kill even with bul-
lets—they seem to be made of gristle and
jelly.”

  Just as the queen spoke, there was a
chorus of shouts outside the cave, followed
by three or four sharp reports, in rapid
succession. The queen stood up quickly,
as one of her subjects rushed into the cave.

  “Land-kraken!” he shouted. “Ter’ble
biggun!”

STORIES

WITHOUT a word, the queen picked
up her long skirts and ran to the en-
trance of the cave, Dynamon and Keltry
following close behind. An extraordinary
sight met their eyes.

   At the foot of the little hill, fifty or sixty
shouting men were ringed around a hor-
rible mass of thrashing, gray tentacles. Sev-
eral of the men were pointing their black
rods at the beast.

  “Oh, it is a big one,” the queen cried.
“Our guns will be useless against that thick
hide—the bullets will just skim off.”
There were several more reports and
smoke curled from the ends of the rods.
Several long, grey tentacles rose up above
the mass, and the crowd surged backward
in all directions. Suddenly one of the
slimy arms streaked downward and out-
ward, and a moment later a struggling,
screaming human was lifted high in the
air. A thrill of horror went through Dyna-
mon, and Keltry clutched his arm.

  “Their ancient fire-arms are useless,”
she said in a tense whisper. “Perhaps a
voltage bomb—”

  But Dynamon was already running down
the slope, fumbling at the black box at his
hip. The concerted groan of dispair from
the crowd suddenly changed to a shout as
the unfortunate human somehow tore loose
from the encircling tentacle and dropped
to the ground. Just as the land-kraken was
reaching for the doomed man with another
long arm, Dynamon hurled a voltage bomb
over the heads of the crowd. The little
glass ball landed squarely in the middle of
the writhing gray mass. There was a
blinding flash and a loud report. A con-
vulsive shudder rippled over die gray mon-
ster and its twelve tentacles suddenly went
limp. The crowd looked at it in stunned
silence for a second, and then raised a
yell of triumph. A noisy mob of little
bearded men escorted Dynamon back up
the hill to where the beautiful little queen
stood, waiting, her blue eyes shining.

  “How marvelous! How heroic!” she
breathed, as Dynamon came up to her.
“You killed the kraken with one blow.
How did you do it?”

  “Well, you see. Queen Diana,” Dyna-
mon replied, patting the black box, “these
little voltage bombs have long ago entirely
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

117

replaced fire-arms on Earth. Their range
is shorter but they are far more deadly.”
“Oh! So wonderful 1” the queen gasped.
“I am so glad you came. You shall marry
me and I’ll make you King of Saturn.”

  “I am most honored and flattered by your
proposal, Queen Diana,” Dynamon smiled,
“but I am afraid that isn't possible. Keltty
and I must go back up the shaft and rejoin
our expedition.”

  “Oh, but you can’t!” said the queen sud-
denly. “Send the girl away if you want”—
she waved a careless hand at Keltry—“but
you must stay here with me forever.”

DYNAMON saw Keltry’s startled eyes
on him and he felt an acute embar-
rassment. It was an impossible situation.
He could not repress a little glow within
him from the frank approval of the beau-
tiful, imperious little queen. But at the
same time, he knew that he must soon de-
vise some means of making a graceful exit
from her presence. His thoughts were in-
terrupted by a sudden cry from the edge
of the surrounding crowd. He turned his
head and looked along the base of the cliff.
A column of cloaked figures, helmeted and
masked, were streaming out of the passage-
way to the pit.

  “It’s a search party coming after us!”
cried Keltry.

  They were twenty or so of the soldiers
from Earth, and they covered the distance
toward Dynamon and Keltry in a short
time and forced their way through the
crowd of bearded Saturnians. The one
in the lead unfastened his oxygen mask
and revealed the spectacled face of
Thamon.

  “Thank goodness, you’re alive!” said the
scientist fervently. “We never expected
to find you. What a fantastic place this is!”
“You are in the kingdom of the Bol-
tons,” said Dynamon, “and this is Queen
Diana.”

  The man behind Thamon unmasked, re-
vealing the lean, dark features of Mortoch.

  “Congratulations. Dynamon,” said the
Chief Decurion, dryly, as he in turn was
presented to the wide-eyed little queen.
“You certainly picked a sort of paradise to
fall into. A paradise, I might add, pre-
sided over by an angel.”

  A coy smile crept over the queen’s face,
then died away at Mortoch’s next words.

  “I bring you grave news, Dynamon,” the
Chief Decurion said. “There are two Mar-
tian Carriers in the vicinity. We haven’t
seen them yet, but we intercepted a long-
wave conversation between them. What do
you intend to do about jit ?”

  “Why, I think we should go right back
to the surface," Dynamon replied. “Could
you tell from their conversation whether
they knew that we were on Saturn?”
“Apparently they knew we were some-
where around,” said Mortoch, “but hadn’t
located us yet.”

"Well, we'd better hurry right on up
then,” said Dynamon, “so that we can get
back to our Carrier before they find it.”
“Oh, but you can’t go!” said the little
queen in a shrill voice, “I forbid it.”

  “I wish we could stay, Queen Diana,”
Dynamon answered, “but there’s dangerous
work to be done up on the surface.”

  “But why go to the surface at all?” the
queen demanded. “Why not stay down
here and keep away from the danger?”
“No, Queen Diana,” Dynamon said,
keenly conscious of Mortoch’s lurking
smile. “Duty calls and we must go. Per-
haps when we have finished our work we
will pay you another visit. All right, men,
here we go.”

THE centurion, Keltry by his side, led
the way back to the entrance to the pit,
while the Saturnians, grouped around their
little queen, gaped after them. As the lit-
tle force stood in the bottom of the pit ad-
justing their helmets and oxygen masks
preparatory to ascending to the surface,
Mortoch leaned over to Dynamon.

  “That wasn’t such a bad idea of the
beautiful Diana’s,” he murmured. “Per-
sonally, I wouldn’t mind spending a few
safe years down there with her. It would
be better than facing those deadly Photo-
Atomic Rays of the Martians.”

  “If it’s safety you’re interested in, Mor-
toch,” said Dynamon, dryly, “we’ll try and
get you, as soon as possible, to the safety
of the Carrier. Anyway, perhaps the Mar-
tians are just exploring and didn’t come
equipped with the Ray.”

  But as the centurion turned the knob in
118	PLANET

his helmet and shot up through the great
shaft, he felt in his heart no great hope
that such, indeed, would be the case. If
the Martian Carrier were in the vicinity
of Saturn it was altogether likely that they
had come prepared to destroy the Earth
Carrier, and wouldcbe equipped with their
best weapon. Dynamon hoped against
hope that he and the little force would
reach the surface in time to get to their
own Carrier, whose thick walls the Mar-
tians’ Ray could not penetrate. After that,
it would be a case of maneuvering the Car-
rier in such a way as to try to disable the
Martians’ ships.

  The humans, their gravity repellors
turned up full strength, whizzed up the
black shaft at a tremendous rate of speed.
Even so, it seemed hours before a small
gray disc above him warned Dynamon that
they were nearing the top. He spoke some
words of command into his radio phone
and cut down his upward speed. In a few
moments he stepped over the rim of the
shaft into the gray light of the Satumian
midday. He glanced down into the valley
in the direction of the Carrier and felt a
shock of dismay go through him.

THE gray Earth Carrier was in the
same place, but a half a mile on either
side of it were two flaming red Martian
Carriers. And out on the gray sand far
from any of the ships a furious battle was
going on. Some twenty tall, human figures
were ringed around by a swarm of tiny,
globular Martians. A continuous series of
white flashes showed that the humans were
desperately hurling their voltage bombs, but
the encircling Martians were keeping well
out of range and a dozen still forms on the
ground showed that the invisible Photo-
Atomic Ray was doing its deadly work.

  All too clearly, Dynamon saw what had
happened. In the absence of a command-
ing officer, himself or Mortoch, Borion had
unwarily sent a force of soldiers out scout-
ing. The Martians had swooped down,
landed swiftly, and cut off the force from
the Carrier. The humans were desperately
trying to cut through to safety, but their
situation looked hopeless.

  Quickly, Dynamon turned and faced the
men behind him and held up his hands in

STORIES

a gesture signifying that no one should
use his radio phone. He had determined
to "try and help his beleaguered soldiers
down in the valley, and the only way that
could successfully be done was to surprise-
attack swiftly on the rear of the Martians.
He motioned Keltry and Thamon back into
the pit and then, sweeping his arm forward
in a wide arc, he plunged down the hill-
side. But before he had covered half the
distance to the combat in the valley, Dyna-
mon realized that his attack was coming
too late. The Photo-Atomic Ray was cut-
ting down the little force of humans like
an invisible scythe. There were only nine
of them left now and one by one these
were falling. A thousand thoughts raced
through Dynamon’s head. Should he go
ahead with the attack, counting on getting
within bombing distance of the Martians
unnoticed, before they could swing their
Photo-Atomic Ray around? Or, should
he change direction, skirting the enemy,
and make a run for the Carrier? Sud-
denly, his blood froze in his veins as a
voice sounded in his ear phones.

  “This is suicide, Dynamon!” It was
Mortoch’s voice.

  “It’s suicide now!” said Dynamon
through clenched teeth. “You fool! You
have given us away!”

  There was an instant reaction from the
swarming Martians in the valley. A large
group of them broke away from the com-
bat and rolled over the gray sand toward
Dynamon’s detachment. The centurion
halted his men abruptly. It was sure an-
nihilation to try and stand in the face of
the oncoming men of Mars.

 “Back to the pit!” Dynamon com-
manded. “It’s our only chance. Once we
get down there we'll decide what to do
later.”

  The little force just barely made it to
the mouth of the shaft. The Martians were
coming up rapidly behind them, and Dyna-
mon could see the big, black cones which
produced the invisible Ray.

THE descent down the shaft was rapid,
Dynamon being the last to land on the
shiny floor. Immediately, he marched his
men through the passageway into the
Nether World and detailed two men to
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	119

remain and guard the entrance to the pit.

  “I don’t believe the Martians will follow
us down,” he said. “If they do, we can
easily defend the passageway.”

  Then he turned and singled out the Chief
Decurion.

  “Mortoch,” he announced, “you are un-
der arrest. You disobeyed my orders in
regard to using the radio phone, and by
doing so you betrayed our presence to the
enemy. I will dispose of your case later.”
Mortoch stepped forward, a sardonic
gleam in his dark eyes.

  “And suppose I refuse to be arrested?”
he said. “If I had not disobeyed the or-
der, you would have led us into certain
death.” Mortoch swept the crowd of sol-
diers with a burning look. “Men, I pro-
claim that Dynamon is incompetent to com-
mand you. Henceforth, you will take your
orders from me—and you, Dynamon, are
the one who is under arrest.”

  “Mortoch!” Dynamon cried. “You are
out of your mind!”

  “Not at all,” Mortoch returned. “I am
merely assuming the command which
should have been mine to begin with. Put
your hands up in the air, Dynamon, and
backward march till I tell you to stop. And
let nobody else make a move”—Mortoch’s
rasping voice rose to a shout—“I have in
each hand a voltage bomb which I shall
not hesitate to throw if anybody attempts
to cross my will.”

  "This is madness!” Dynamon cried
hoarsely. “You can't hope to get away
with this!” He strode forward angrily.

  ‘‘Back!” roared Mortoch, and raised his
right hand threateningly.

  Dynamon staggered back in bewilder-
ment from the soldiers who stood in si-
lence, too shocked to make a move. Help-
less against the voltage bombs in Mortoch’s
hands, the centurion stepped slowly back-
ward, arms upraised. It wras an impossible
situation, and for the moment, Dynamon
felt powerless to do anything about it. He
reproached himself bitterly for not being
more wary of Mortoch. Up till now he
had been conscious of the Chief Ducurion’s
enmity, but he had never thought that the
man would erupt into open mutiny.

Dynamon threw a swift glance over his
shoulder and saw that he was only two

paces away from one of those curious, lu-
minous rocks. It was approximately cyl-
indrical in shape, six feet wide and perhaps
twenty feet tall. Dynamon took another
step backward and turned his head to face
Mortoch. His back was almost touching
the rock now, and a desperate plan formed
in his head. That was 'to make a sudden
leap around the rock. Once behind it and
protected by its mass, he would have time
to pull out one of his own voltage bombs
and await Mortoch’s next move.

BUT Dynamon had not truly measured
the state of Mortoch’s mind. There
was a sudden scream from Keltry as Mor-
toch, with a lightning movement, drew back
his right arm and flung the voltage bomb
straight at Dynamon’s chest. The little
glass ball sped unerringly across the inter-
vening twenty feet. There was no time to
dodge. Dynamon pressed his back against
the rock and closed his eyes. It was the
end.

  Dynamon felt the little bomb bump his
chest. But—wonder of wonders! There
was no blinding flash—no explosion. There
was just a silvery tinkle as the glass ball
shattered at his feet. Dynamon opened his
eyes and found that he was still alive. An
incredulous shout went up from the horri-
fied crowd and Thamon started running to-
ward him.

  “Tridium!” shouted the scientist. “You
have discovered tridium!”

  As in a dream, Dynamon saw the sol-
diers overpowering Mortoch and heard
himself say, “What do you mean? Where
is the tridium ?” He stared about in wonder.

  “The rock!” cried Thamon excitedly.
“You touched the rock and were instantly
insulated against the electric charge. Great
heavens! What a discovery! Every one of
these luminous rocks must be made of
tridium.”

  Dynamon turned around and placed a
hand on the glowing rock. Instantly, he
felt himself enveloped in an extraordinary
transparent aura.

  “You seel” cried Thamon, and struck
at the rock with his metal rod. Evidently,
it was almost as soft as chalk, for several
pieces as big as a man’s fist chipped off and
fell to the ground. Thamon stooped down
120

PLANET STORIES

and picked one of the pieces up and im-
mediately he, too, stood in a curious,
gleaming aura.

  “It’s tridium, all right I" exclaimed the
scientist. “There can be no doubt about
it. We knew it was on Saturn and we
knew what its properties were, but we
didn’t know what it looked like. Do you
realize what this means, Dynamon? It
means that we may finally have found the
defense against the Photo-Atomic Ray!”
Dynamon felt a little dizzy. Not only
had he been snatched from what appeared
to be certain death but he had inadver-
tently made a discovery that might save the
people of the world from conquest at the
hands of the Martians.

  “Thamon, are you quite sure?” he said.
“Are you quite sure that this will work
against the Ray?”

  “No,” replied Thamon promptly. “I
won’t be quite sure until we've tested it
out From a theoretical standpoint, this
glowing cloud, this aura that surrounds
us as we touch a piece of tridium should
insulate us against the Ray. But to be ab-
solutely certain, somebody will have to ex-
pose himself to the Ray. Someone among
us must go up to the surface holding a
piece of tridium in his hand and face the
Martians. If he is killed, then I’m wrong.
But if he is not killed, then the Martians
are at our mercy. We can walk up to
them untouched and crush their egg-shell
skulls with our bare fists.”

  “I see,” said Dynamon gravely. “Then,
one of us must be a heroic experimental
guinea pig?”

  "Exactly,” said Thamon.

  Dynamon looked over the silent group
of soldiers, at Mortoch, shoulders hunched
in the grip of two stalwarts. Then he
bowed his head in thought for a moment.

  “Men,” he said, finally, “this is not a
case of calling for volunteers. I think
any one of us is brave enough to offer his
life for the good of the rest of the human
beings, but I think we should decide who
is to do this dirty work by drawing lots.”
“No!”

  It was Mortoch. In his eyes was a wild,
hunted look, and his voice was hoarse, but
there was deep sincerity in his tones.
“Dynamon,” said the Chief Decurion,

“I went off my head with jealousy a min-
ute ago. The madness is gone now, and
I would give anything if I could undo
what I did. You must give me the chance
to redeem myself. If I am killed, so much
the better for me. And if I am not, so
much the better for all the human beings
in the world.”

  Dynamon looked long and searchingly at
the Decurion. Finallv he said, “Mortoch,

I	cannot deny your appeal. Take this piece
of tridium and go up the shaft. We will
be close behind you to observe the experi-
ment.”

  Just then, there was a shout from the
two soldiers who were guarding the pas-
sageway to the pit.

  “Martians!” they cried. "They are
coming down on us! The shaft is full of
them!”

  Dynamon walked straight toward Mor-
toch and placed the piece of tridium in his
hand-.

  “Your ordeal is at hand,” he said cimply,
as, in a flash, the bright aura transferred
itself to the person of Mortoch.

THE two soldiers guarding the entrance
to the pit were backing away to either
side and throwing voltage bombs into the
passageway as Mortoch ran toward them.

  “Stop!” he shouted, never slackening his
pace. “This is my job! Get out of range!”

  He halted six feet away from the mouth
of the passage and raised his arms up in a
gesture of defiance. An admiring gasp
went up from the crowd of watching hu-
mans at the tall, lean figure bathed in its
luminous glow. Then a deathly silence
shut down abruptly as four little figures
erupted through the passageway. Mar-
tians !

  They were scarcely two feet tall, with
spindly little bodies and legs, but their
heads were more than twice the size of
human heads and looked doubly grotesque
in their combination helmet-masks. One
of them was holding a big, black cone—the
Photo-Atomic generator. Quickly the lit-
tle creature leveled it at Mortoch and pulled
a lever on the side. An ominous high-
pitched hum filled the air and everyone
knew that the death Ray was being poured
in all its deadly violence on Mortoch.
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

121

  Thamon was the first to raise his voice
in a shout as Mortoch, unharmed, strode
forward and felled the Martian with one
blow of his fist. The air rang with human
cheers as Mortoch siezed two more scur-
rying Martians by the legs-and dashed their
brains out on the ground.

  “It works!” Thamon yelled, hysterically.
“It’s tridium! We’re saved!”

  The scientist was hacking crazily at the
rock with his metal staff and jubilant sol-
diers swarmed around him, picking up
pieces of tridium. In a few moments the
whole force, every man surrounded by the
luminous aura, was bolting through the
passageway into the bottom of the pit.

  For a short time the Martians tried to
put up a battle. But with their chief
weapon nullified, they were slaughtered by
the dozen, and the survivors began flitting
up the shaft. In the midst of the turmoil,
Dynamon kept his wits about him. He
knew that in order to realize the full value
of the trklium discovery, the Martians on
the surface must be kept from learning
about- it. He raised his voice in a mighty
shout over the clamor.

  “Masks on! Up the shaft at full speed!
We must not allow a single Martian to
reach the surface!”

  Swiftly the Earth-soldiers fastened their
masks and took off straight upward. Each
one of them clung to their precious lumps
of tridium, and in a short time the dark
shaft presented an extraordinary spectacle.
Each of the twenty-odd humans was bathed
in his own ghostly envelope of light, and
the fleeing Martians, looking downward,
must have felt as if they were being pur-
sued by a squadron of giant fireflies.

  The survivors of the massacre below
had a head start of their pursuers, but be-
ing so much lighter in weight, their
gravity-repellors could not push them up
through the atmosphere as fast as the hu-
mans could go. Gradually they were over-
taken and destroyed by Dynamon’s force
—the last Martian being caught just at the
upper mouth of the pit.

DYNAMON quickly gathered his. men
about him while he took stock of the
situation in the valley. The three Carriers
were in the same position as they were

before, but there were no Earth-soldiers
left standing. A little circle of fallen bod-
ies offered mute testimony to the hopeless
battle put up by the force of three decuria
which had made that ill-fated sortie from
the Carrier. Now, the Martians from both
of the red ships—excluding, of course, the
group that had been cut to pieces in the
pit—were gathered in a body near the
Earth Carrier. Dynamon guessed that they
were waiting to see what the Earth people
were going to do next. They would soon
find out, the centurion thought grimly.
Even though there were probably close to
two hundred of the evil little creatures
down there, they would be no match for
the brawny humans insulated against the
Photo-Atomic Ray.

  Swiftly, Dynamon formulated a plan of
action. His first consideration was to try
and seize both Martian Carriers. If pos-
sible, they must be prevented from leaving
the ground and carrying back to Mars the
warning that, at last, the humans had found
a defense against the Ray. With that in
mind, the centurion divided his little force
in two. One decuria with its decurion he
put under Mortoch, and the other, he com-
manded himself. Each group was to strike
boldly at one of the Martian ships, Mon-
toch the nearer one; himself, the farther
one.

  Dynamon issued his commands by signs,
hoping to remain unnoticed by the enemy
if he refrained from using the radio-phone.
But as he led his group off along the hill-
side, a sudden activity among the Martians
in the valley told him that he had been
sighted. They came streaming across the
valley floor toward the heights on a shallow
crescent, each wing spreading to perform
an enveloping movement.

  What an unpleasant surprise the nasty
little devils are going to get! thought Dyna-
mon, and he switched on his radio-phone.

  “Follow me, now, on the dead run!”

  He dug his toes into the yielding gray
sand and ran along the hillside, bending
low into the wind. It was heavy going, but
the humans were able to make faster prog-
ress than their enemies because of their
greater weight. Dynamon saw that he and
his group were outrunning the Martians
and would probably reach their objective
122

PLANET STORIES

sooner. Two thoughts arose in his mind
to worry him. One was, that the Mar-
tians inside the red ships might lock their
doors and take off before he and Mortoch,
respectively, could reach them. The other
was the fear that Borion, inside the Earth-
Carrier, not knowing of the new defense
against the Ray, would sally out in a des-
perate attempt to save—as he might think
—the two isolated detachments of humans.

  However, Dynamon reflected, those were
eventualities over which he had no control.
All he could do under the circumstances
Avas pray for good luck.

A GLANCE down into the valley told
him that he and his little force were
abreast of the Earth-Carrier by now, with
a half a mile still to go to reath the Mar-
tian ship. The Martians, running parallel,
were falling behind a little. Rapping out
a command into his transmitter, Dynamon
changed his direction slightly, and swung
downhill on a direct line with the red ship.
At the same time, he and his men read-
justed their gravity-control so that their
speed was almost doubled. Away to their
left, the Martian horde was dropping be-
hind. Dynamon gave an involuntary
shout of triumph. He and his party was
going to win the race.

  As the little knot of speeding humans
approached within a hundred yards of the
Martian Carrier, another cheer broke from
Dynamon’s lips. The door at the side of
the Carrier swung open and a score of
little creatures carrying the once-dreaded
black cones tumbled out. The Martians in-
side the ship, far from running away, were
coming out to fight—mistakingly confident
that the twelve humans were at their
mercy!

   Quickly, Dynamon issued orders that two
of his men should immediately penetrate
the inside of the Carrier and seize the con-
trol-room, while the rest stayed outside
and engaged the Martian warriors. Then,
panting for breath, but none the less con-
fident, the decuria closed in on the Mar-
tians.

  They were within twenty-five yards of
the dwarf-like little creatures before the
Martians discovered that something was
amiss with the Photo-Atomic Ray. The

ugly little men hesitated in momentary
dismay, and then started to make a dash
for the inside of the Carrier. But by that
time, it was too late.

  The twelve humans, clothed in their life-
preserving auras, swept down on the Mar-
tians like avenging angels. All the pent-
up hatred against this diabolically cruel
enemy now found release. At last, the
Martian superiority in weapons was
broken. Dynamon and his men waded im-
placably into the terrified little ogres and
slew them without mercy. The whole busi-
ness was over in less than two minutes.

  Without the loss of a man, Dynamon
had annihilated the defenders of the Car-
rier, and two of his soldiers were inside
in possession of the control-room. There
remained now the job of handling the
hundred or so Martians who were moving
over the gray sand toward his victorious
decuria.

  But this force of the enemy had realized
that something was radically wrong. They
were no longer running, but, in fact, were
slowing up to a halt about fifty yards
away. Dynamon swung an arm and began
to walk toward them. The black cones
came up, pointing, all along the long line
of Martians. Dynamon’s men fanned out
on either side of him, walking forward
slowly, inexorably.

  The line of Martians wavered uncer-
tainly, and then began to fall back in ter-
rified confusion, as the humans remained
unharmed by the Ray. Dynamon’s voice
crackled in nine sets of ear-phones, and
the decuria lunged forward. In a moment,
they were in the midst of a panic-stricken
mass of scurrying Martians. Again, the
soldiers from Earth slew pitilessly, until
in a short while, fifty-odd of the harried
little creatures lay dead. The rest were
scattered in headlong flight over the valley.

THE business was accomplished none
too soon. The thing which Dynamon
had feared might happen earlier, happened
now. A force of humans, unprotected by
tridium, emerged from the big gray Car-
rier and hastened toward Dynamon. A
few minutes earlier and these men would
have been mowed down by the Ray. The
centurion sighed with relief and ordered
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN

123

the newcomers back to the Cosmos Carrier.

  The danger was over.

  Twenty minutes later, Dynamon had
joined forces again with Mortoch’s detach-
ment and was marching back to the mouth
of the pit, where Keltry and Thamon were
waiting. The past hour had seen a com-
plete and sweeping triumph for the hu-
mans. Mortoch’s attack on the other
Martian ship had been as successful as
Dynamon’s. Now, both of the Martian
Carriers were captured, and their crews
and warriors cut to pieces. And, all this
had been accomplished with the loss of
but one man. One of Mortoch’s soldiers
had fallen and dropped his lump of
tridium. The man had instantly died un-
der the Photo-Atomic Ray.

  There remained only one more piece of
business to conclude successfully the ex-
pedition to Saturn, and Dynamon set about
it promptly. Once again he led the way
down the pit to the Nether World.

  There was great excitement at the bot-
tom of the shaft. The Saturnians were
disposing of the bodies of the Martians
who had fallen in the first onslaught when
Mortoch had proven the efficacy of tridium.
And, as Dynamon landed among them,
closely followed by Thamon, Keltry and
the soldiers, the Saturnians crowded around
in an condition bordering on hysteria.
They had never before seen Martians, or
even dreamed of their existence, so it was
not to be wondered at that the primitive
humans of the Nether World were excited
when the sudden, fierce combat broke out
almost in their midst. With the greatest
difficulty, Dynamon quieted them down
enough so that they heard and complied
with his request to be taken to their Queen.

  “Queen Diana,” he said directly, “in
your kingdom, you have any quantity—
thousands of tons—of this luminous rock
which we have identified as tridium. This
substance is the one thing which can save
the people of the Earth from the death -
ray of the Martians. Will you give me
your permission to carry away some of
these rocks back to Earth, so that our
armies can defend themselves against our
enemies ?”

  The little Queen gave Dynamon a long
languorous look.

  “If you stay here and be my King,” she
answered, at length, “I will permit your
people to carry away as many of the rocks

as they want.”

  Dynamon's heart sank. He had hoped
that Queen Diana had got over that idea.
What was he going to do?

  “Well, Queen Diana,” he said, slowly,
trying frantically to think of some way out,
“I can’t tell you how flattered I am at
your proposal, but I don’t see how I can
accept it.”

  “Why not?” the queen demanded, im-
periously.

DYNAMON shook his head helplessly.
He was trying to think of some tact-
ful way of telling this spoiled little woman
that his heart already belonged to Keltry.

  “Well, perhaps you have noticed,” he
began, “that someone else on this expedi-
tion has a—a claim—er—”

  “Who do you mean?” the Queen inter-
rupted, “The tall, dark man? The one
called Mortoch?”

  “Mortoch?” said Dynamon wonder-
ingly.

  “Yes, isn’t that what you're trying to
tell me? Mortoch! That’s very interest-
ing,” said the Queen dreamily, “Come to
think of it, I had noticed that he looked
at me very intensely.”

  A great light dawned on Dynamon.
The Queen was jumping to a quite dif-
ferent set of conclusions. He had tried
to tell her that he was in love with Keltry,
and she thought he was telling her that
Mortoch was in love with her, the Queen!

  “I think that is very generous of you,
Dynamon,” said the Queen with a brilliant
smile. “You are standing aside in favor of
Mortoch because in your eyes, his bravery
in facing the Martians gives him a greater
claim on my hand.”

  Dynamon nodded wisely.

  “He is a very handsome man,” the
Queen went on, looking off into space,
“perhaps you’re right.”

  “He is just outside,” said Dynamon
rising. “Let me bring him in to you.”

  Before the little Queen could say any-
thing more, Dynamon walked briskly out
to the mouth of the cave and hailed
Mortoch.
124

PLANET STORIES

Swift, salty drama of cow-
country and action trails ...

OUT in the great Southwest, in a
dusty little cattle town, a man
calls a name . . . Colts crash ... a
cowboy dies . . . and a range feud
spreads like a grass fire. Action!
The Pacific. . . . Night. ... A hell-
ship spawns murder beneath the
Southern Cross. ACTION!

ACTION
STORIES spe-
cializes in the
kind of hell-for-
leather fiction
that red-
blooded men
like. The stories
are written by such famed top-
authors as Walt Coburn, Rollin
Brown, Albert Richard Wetjen, John
Starr, Frederick Nebel—the cream
of fictioneers.

Get your copy today

on sale at all newsstands

  “I remember hearing you say,” he said,
as the Chief Decurion came up to him,
“that you wouldn’t mind staying here with
Queen Diana. Well, it seems that you are
to have your wish. The Queen is deter-
mined to marry one of us, and right at
this moment, she is inclining toward you
as a husband. I think it’s a fine idea.”
Mortoch turned startled eyes on the
centurion. Then he began to grin.

  “Is that a command ?” he asked.

  “It is,” Dynamon replied.

  “I could do lots worse,” said Mortoch,
“although I’m liable to get homesick now
and then.”

  “Don’t forget,” said Dynamon, “you’ll
be King of Saturn, or at least, of this part
of Saturn. Go on inside, now, she’s wait-
ing for you.”

  Not long afterwards, Queen Diana, her
eyes shining, appeared at the entrance to
her cave. Her hand rested lightly on
Mortoch’s arm, and she announced to her
people that at last she was taking a hus-
band and giving the Nether World of
Saturn, a King. As cheer after cheer went
up from the bearded Saturnians, Dynamon
bent over the Queen’s hand and kissed it.
He, then, received gracious permission to
take away as much tridium as he needed.

KELTRY stood between Dynamon and
Thamon and the three of them stared
into the bow periscope screens in the con-
trol-room of the Carrier. Borion came
over and joined them.

  “Well, there she is,” said the navigator,
fondly. “There was a time back there on
Saturn when I kind of doubted that any of
us would ever see her again.”

  The chief image in the screens was a
glowing sphere about the size of a man’s
head. It was Earth. Already, the watch-
ers in the control-room could make out
the outlines of the continents.

  “But at that, I guess we got off lightly,”
continued Borion, “We lost thirtyrnine
men—including Mortoch—but just think
what we're bringing back! We’ve got
enough tridium in these three Carriers to
divide up among ten thousand men. I was
afraid w'e might have trouble with so much
of the stuff—afraid it might affect the
magnets.”
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	125

  “No, it’s a curiously inert substance,”
said Thamon, “I suppose that's why it can
absorb the terrific shock of the Photo-
Atomic Ray so easily. What's the news
from Headquarters, Dynamon?”

  “It’s pretty sketchy,” said the centurion,
“Argallum was afraid to say too much for
fear the Martians might be able to decode
the message. But it looks as if we are
going to be just about in the nick of time.
The Martian invasion began ten months
ago. just about the time we were leaving
Saturn. Even though they came without
warning in thousands of ships, our people
managed to beat them off for quite a while.
Some cities were destroyed, but Copia
wasn’t touched—too well guarded. But
then, even though our people maintained,
and still do maintain, superiority in the
air, those Martian devils found some re-
mote desert spot unguarded and landed
thousands of their men. They were all
equipped with the Ray, of course, and our
land forces simply couldn’t stand up
against them. They’ve been driving stead-
ily ever since, and right now, they’re within
seventy miles of Copia.”

  “Whew!” gasped Borion.

  “I should say we are in the nick of
time,” said Keltry.

  “Heavens!” exclaimed Thamon, “I shud-
der to think what would happen to the
World right now, Keltry, if you hadn’t
fallen down that pit!”

  “That's right,” laughed Dynamon,

  Just then, a communications man walked
into the control-room and handed Dyna-
mon a message.

  He read it avidly.

  “That’s good news,” the centurion re-
marked, looking up from the piece of pa-
per, “Argallum is sending a heavy convoy
to meet us. How soon will we be landing,
Borion ?”

  “Well, we should hit the top of the
stratosphere in less than an hour,” the
navigator replied. “From there on down
—at reduced speed—will probably take an-
other two hours.”

  “In that case,” said Dynamon, “I think
we’d better shut down on all conversation.
Even Argallum doesn’t know what we’re
bringing back—I'm taking no chances on
having our secret get out to the enemy.

Glorious adventure along the
Overland Trail ..,

BULL-WAGON BOSS

A complete Covered Wagon Novel
by Bill Cook

THE DALTON GANG

An article on the early-day, high riding
outlaw gang
•

And numerous other colorful, thrilling
novelets, short-stories and articles of wild,
roaring Covered Wagon days.

FRONTIER STORIES

on sale at all newsstands

     0+^S>C-+^>	P'T C'+'J

JUMBO COMICS

now on the newsstands

Now in brilliant, clear, lively color . . .
in a more compact, convenient-lo-handle
size.

The new Jumbo Comics packs even more
pages than its husky predecessor; more
dramatic, fast-moving, exciting featares.

And, of course, Jumbo Jim conducts his
popular come-one-come-all prize contest.
Get your copy today at the nearest news-
dealer.

10/ Jumbo Comics 10/
126

PLANET STORIES

The romance of the West
written with action . . .

kjtONTANA badlands, purple
deserts of Nevada, the tawny
longlands of Arizona. . . . Tried-and-
true LARIAT carries the smell of
wind-worried junipers, the tang of
range dust, the pound of stampede
hoofs, the flash of Winchesters
blistering the Western night.

Every issue
packs at least
one novel, two
novelets, and
ha If a dozen
shorts by such
outstand i n g
writers as Walt Coburn, James P.
Olsen, Bart Cassidy, Eugene Cun-
ningham. The most for your money
in ranch-and-range romance.

Get your copy today

  Lariat

STORY MAGAZINE
on sale at all newsstands

He only knows that we are returning with
two captured Martian Carriers. So, make
your dispositions, Borion, because in five
minutes I’m going to order everyone on
all three ships to landing stations.”

THE next three hours were tense ones
for the returning expedition. Even
though a convoy had been promised, Dyna-
mon was apprehensive about possible at-
tacks by the Martians, who, he was sure,
must know something of what was going
on. But as it worked out, a perfect cloud
of gray Cosmos Carriers came out to meet
the voyagers from Saturn, and Dynamon
was able to set his ships down at Vanadium
Field without mishap.

  A heavy guard was thrown around the
precious cargoes, and the young centurion
was whisked away to Government City.

  “What did you find?” The Commander-
in-Chief’s face was haggard.

  “We found tridium,” said Dynamon,
“tons of it. We had an opportunity to test
it, and it proved to be a complete defense
against the Ray.”

   “How difficult is it to get at ?”

   “Not difficult at all,” said Dynamon, “we
brought back enough to equip nearly ten
thousand men.”

  “Heaven be praised!” said Argallum
fervendy, “We might pull out of this situa-
tion yet. Those devils have been sweep-
ing everything before them. We cut off
their communications with our air power
but that didn’t stop them. They’ve been
living off the land, and they’re so powerful
that they’ve been able to overrun territory
at will.”

  Dynamon glanced at his watch. “It is
almost noon,” he said, “It will take just
one counter-attack to break through their
line and roll it up in both directions. If
you throw attack-units forward as fast as
they can be equipped with tridium, you
will have the Martians in a rout before
sundown.”

  And it was so.

  Dynamon stood beside Argallum two
hours later, on a little knoll sixty miles out
of Copia. A wide plain stretched before
their eyes and across its width, a beaten,
discouraged army of humans gave ground
slowly before hordes of tiny, malevolent
CAVE-DWELLERS OF SATURN	127

creatures from another planet. As the two
men watched, a fresh column of Earth-
soldiers issued forth from a woods in the
center of the plain. There was a curious
greenish shimmer surrounding this new
column — a will-o’-the-wisp, mirage-like
quality—and it advanced without hesita-
tion straight into the serried ranks of the
tejrible Martians.

“Great Heavens!” cried Argullum,

“They’re walking right up to them! And
not a man is down ! Look! The Martians
are reeling back! Our voltage bombs are
killing them like flies!

Dynamon turned away from the scene
of carnage with a curious smile. He knew
that Argallum in his gratitude would prob-
ably want to throw every conceivable honor
and promotion at him. For bringing three
Carrier loads of tridium back from Saturn,
he, Dynamon, would very likely become a
World-wide hero. And yet, he reflected, it
was a feat which could never have been
accomplished if it hadn’t been for a series
of unrelated incidents. If Keltry hadn't
stowed away, she couldn’t have fallen down
the pit, thus leading to the discovery of
Queen Diana’s Nether World. If Mortoch
had not rebelled and tried to kill him with
a voltage bomb—. If he hadn't happened
to touch the rock with his back—.

Dynamon turned and looked out on to
the battle field where the victorious Earth-
soldiers in their tridium-auras were venge-
fully slaughtering the hideous Martians.

And he thought of the incident which had
to precede all the other incidents so that
he could bring back the tridium. That
was the incident which had occurred hun-
dreds of years before, when a man named
Leonard Bolton had built a “space ship”
and had traveled to Saturn in it, breaking
through the burnt-out crust into the Nether
World, boring the long hole with his
clumsy medieval Carrier. That was the
hole that Keltry had fallen into.

Dynamon shook his head. Leonard Bol-
ton had built his “space ship” in the year
1956, the last year but one of the long
series of frightful wars, in which the
divided peoples of the World tried to de-
stroy one another—and very nearly suc-
ceeded.

Don't
miss
the

current

FIGHT
STORIES

JOE LOUIS’ LIFE STORY

By JACK KOFOED

 The inside, little-known story of Joe Louis
 and his meteoric career—from prelim boy
 to World's Champ, from $58 a scrap to
 $50,000—all in three years.

•

A powerful novel of slug
by Bill Cook

THE DUKE OF DYNAMITE
•

Various other exciting articles, novelets
and short stories of the squared-circle.

FIGHT STORIES

_on sale at- all newsstands_

Mystery and wild adventnre
in dark Africa ...

 Once again Jungle Stories features the
 rousing adventures of Ki-Gor, untamed,
 untutored white jungle king, and Helene
 Vaughn, pampered, headstrong daughter of
 civilization—"Ki-Gor—And The Secret
 Legions of Simba.” In addition to the new
 Ki-Gor novel, the current issue of Jungle
 presents novelets and short stories of bush
 and veldt by adventure-writers L. Patrick
 Greene, Ted Roscoe, Stanley Foster and
 others.

JUNGLE STORIES

on sale at all newsstands
The Ace of War-Air Magazines...	''-V

                            'vi w ;

                                                 \v

Featuring a powerful World War novel	** *’

by GEORGE BRUCE

The flying Tin Soldier

A story of espionage and counter-espionage over Flanders’ Fields

Hun Hunter

by H. P. S. GREENE

A long, thrilling novelet about the dreadnaughts of the skies

Bombers of the Dawn

by TOM O'NEILL

And numerous other novelets and short stories in the current issue of

ACES

on sale at all newsstands

WINGS

 Once again this great magazine gives you the BEST in wair-air
 fiction. Four complete novels of love and hate and fear high above
 the pounding, earth-bound guns.

THE TARNISHED ACE OF THE SILVER CIRCUS

A stirring, never-to-be-forgotten story
by George Bruce

PHANTOM PATROL

by Tom O’Neill

One by one the doomed pilots of the 18th plummeted to earth.
Only Cardigan escaped—and only he knew the dread secret of
the Phantom Patrol.

SKY-TRAP FOR A TRAITOR

by H. P. S. Greene

 Von Blon fought on double fronts. Above, he battled the zooming Boche. Below, he backed the hate-
 barrage of his squadron mates.

SKY TRUMPETEER

by Andrew A. Caffrey

 They went to death, brittle pawns in the cruel hands of that tarmac Nero. But there came a dav when
 the Armageddon trumpet blew for burning vengeance.

on sale at all newsstands

128
HE Mailed This Coupon

This is an ordinary
snapshot of one of
Charles Atlas’ Cali-
fornian pupils.

• ••

and Here's the Handsome

Prize-Winning Body
I Cave Him/

      G. O’BRIEN saw my coupon. He dipped and mailed it. He
 got my free book and followed my instructions. He became
 a New Man—and also won one of my Atlas-Champion, Ster
 ling Silver Cups for his physical improvement. NOW read
 what he says:

     “Look at me NOW! Dynamic Tension WORKS!

      I’m proud of the natural, easy way you have
      made me an ‘Atlas Champion' 1”—J. G. O’Brien.

    Let Me Prove I Can Make
    You a New Man

J.

    ntouched photo of
CbarloB AtU*. twice
winner of the title
"The Wor'd’s Most
Perfectly Developed
MM.'*

   Would you like to have a
 liandsome build — greater
 physical development — a
 strong, muscular body?
 Then listen to this:

   I, myself, was once a skintjy
 weakling of 97 lbs. I didn’t know
 what real health or strength
 were. I was afraid to fight,
 ashamed to be seen in a swim-
 ming suit.

 Then I discovered the se-
 cret that changed me into
 “The World’s Most Per-
 fectly Developed Man,"
 the title 1 won twice and
 have held ever since,
 against all comers. My secret is Dynamic Ten-
 sion. It is a natural method. Its purpose is
 not only to give you the powerful, rippling
 muscles you'd like to sec in your own mirror,
 but also—for those whose systems are slug-
 gish from lack of proper exercise—to help
 them tone up their entire body, inside and out.

Accept My 7-Day Trial Offer

  Do you want a better build?
 Are you dissatisfied with your
 presen L physical development ?

 All I ask is a 7-DAY TRIAL.
 Just one week! In even that
 short time you will notice your
 chest hardening and filling out
 with solid muscle—or the 7-Day

 Trial will cost you nothing. Surely
 proof enough that by continuing with
 my “Dynamic Tension” method I will
 make you a New Man

this

make you a New Man give you	,

 bodily power and drtye, and put you | 5 p y n v	Street,

 in magnificent physical condition a w rorK’ N. ‘ •

 which wins you' the envy and re
 spect of everyone.

FREE BOOK
On Dynamic Tension

   T,ct me show you the results produced for other
 men! I'll send you FREE my famous book, "Ever-
 lasting Health and Strength.” It shows actual photos.
 Write your name and address carefully on coupon.
 Mail to me personally today. I’ll rush your free copy
 to you AT ONCE! Charles Atlas, Dept. 150L, 115
 East 23 Street, New York, N. Y.

 It want the proof that your (ystom of Dynamic

 I Tension will help make me a New Man—give mo
 a healthy, husky body and big muscle develop-

 iment. Send me your FREE book. “Everlasting
 Health and Strength,” and full details about your
 j 7-DAY Trial OlTcr.

I Name...........................................

 |	(I’lease print or write plainly)

J Address.........................................

I City..........................Slate.............
 TOISTOI

   MAUPASSANT

 K01lf*C

 PUMAS

 Peru

 rukinsicr

wiipi

 HACCA&P

fcOUSSEAU

 liAWTMOMfE

           before

           lUAzIn-

Mr Ready Nowf^H

r Your Firtf Volume ^
The Compute Short Stqtics a.

UY de MAUPA88AN1

I EVERT ahcrt story the greatest short utonl
f writer Id the world ever wrotel 222 ImmoM
ta! mastvrplKa*—each complete. authentic,
I iiastnlr frank. unexpurgated Tram 1 tied
direct from original French. 'Ve cannot Ultj
Lull tides here, but these few will *ho»|
I treat* Ih store for you In thin volumoll
\ . . The Diamond Necklace. . Mm«. Fiti^
^ Tli« Mad Woman . . Lore's Awak-M
AW«nlD« . Beil No 29 . . The Artbt’iM
■A^Wlf* . . and indii* more! And thta^V

RWv-.i just :t»e tio! of 20. great volj^^

^lWLiiaifv nci'r your* almost "fa f
sonc” r Start k

BOOK COUPON EXCHANGE. 330 W««t 42nd Strait New York. N. Y.

PTtooo rwer*o In my n*ni» the books Uitsd In your generous offer tc
reader* of thl« magarfo*. I prefer the edition cheek#d below;

Cl De Luxo Embossed Edition	H Regular Cloth Edition

WE PAY POSTAGE ANYWHERE IN UNITED 8TATES

1 enclo»c my READERS COUPON (printed at right! which entitled
me at once to receive the first hook. The Work* of Maupassant, In the edition
I have checked" «bov».. with NO MONEY IN ADVANCE. Within on* week 1
will send ynu the correct payment (89c for the Regular Edition or 11.39 for
tho DE LVXE>. and 1 will be entitled to receive each following Totome. a-
It comes from tho press. on tho same generous no-mcney-ln-adTarco plan-

NAME........................................................ ........

ADDRESS.......................... ..................................

CITY............................... STATE.............NO. 12-39

 i coarrobait PRIVILEGE form for future boolt tcill bo /oru<ar«W irlfA

_ TJvr ropy of Mnpattvit._ _

An Amaziny l..*i id planet

The Works of 20 Great Authors in 20 Giant Volumes

STORIES

The Collected
Works
of

aupassant

   T*» C:CkW
   WMi

   Th. OOrrt*
   W*4i

 T>» vWiWJ

  VmC OitOH
  Wc*.

  Thf CiUmM
  Vi*+%

  TW CoUrclid
  W>Hu

Wm1i»

W

emcrson

TftfCsnKtoi

W«ki

   Thf Ccllrrk*
   Ww*»

W-».

 Th#

W«k.

-n.Coa.dH

W*.k*

Th* Ca««V4      
W,-^,           
BA 17 AC        
                
Tb* MMkl      - 
VMi             
A               
VO ITAIM        
           0    
           s    
           ’cl. 
a^ThJ^ji   
 Send No Money—We Pay the Postage—

 The Opportunity of a Lifetime to Own Huge, Handsome
 Books You Will Treasure, Your Friends Will Envy!

on offer to reader? of
Examine these beautiful
penny In advance. Your
chance to own a luxurious Giant Library of
tho important book* of the greatest authors.
Accept them—ALMOST AS A GIFT'

These 20 GIANT volume* tirtnff you. In rich
binding*, the most fa<»clii&ilus. excitina read-
ing known. Smash hit* of sta*e. screen, radio!
Owning them Iff a mark of eulturn. These par-
tial oraitents give only an Inkling of all these
hooks hold!

1.	MAUPASSANT. (See full description In
circle at tho lefLl

2.	HUGO. The master of French literature.

39 Complete works. including Hunchback of
Notre-Dame. Ninety-Three. Woman of the
Streets. Buy Bias. Tho Soul*, etc.

3.	STEVENSON. 141 adventurous novel*, ato-
nes. po«ms. Treasure Island. Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde Kidnaped, Suicide Club. Tho Merry
Mmi. Chilli’s Garden of Verses, etc.. etc.. overy
one complete.

4.	TOLSTOI. 31 breathle** novel*, stories.

Anna Karenina, Kreutxer Sonata. Tho Cut-
backs. Lore. many more.

5.	POE. All 1?S tales, poem*. e*uy$ of Amrr
lea’s creates! writer! Annabel Lee. The Raven.

The Gold Bug. Murders In the Buo Morgue,

The Pit and ths Pendulum—and others.

8. IBSEN. Every one of hU daring plays,
abeolutelv complete. including A Doll’s nous*.
Ghosts. Hedda Gabler. Peer Gynt. several others.

7 BALZAC. 25 complete uovelrtt^s of irreaisi-
ible f ran know and realism. Girl With Golden

                             f monsy now.

Eye*, Imaginary Mistress, A Panslon In ths
Desert. The Vendetta, and many other famous

title*.

8.	KIPLING. Complete noriL The Light That
Failed. 78 exciting «nrle»—T5 great ballads,
verses. Including (lunca Din. Danny DesTar.
Tomlinanu, the Vampirs.

9.	OUMAS. 175 short sterles. epl*o.!es of
romantic adventures—Cannibals. Mme. DubarTy,
The Wedding Night. A Grecian Slavo GlrL
Glnry of I.o«e. Drath of tho Klng> Mistress.
The SmugdcrS Inn. many others.

10.	CONAN DOYLE. All the bast of Sherlock
Holmes—Study In Scarlet plus Doyle’s other
treat worki—The White Company. Night
Among the NlhfllM*. Hones, ole., etc.

The other one-volumi* fciltlons tn this great
library of famous author* now in preparation
but which apace does not ponnlt a ascription
are:—11. Emerson. 12. Flauliert. 13. Oscar
WUde 14. Voltaire. 15. Haggard. 18. Chikhef.
17. Dldtens. 18 Hawthorne. 19. CelltnL
20. Rousseau.

HOWTO GET YOUR BOOKS
SEND NO MONEY

Tho Headers Coupon and Reservation Certifi-
cate here, plus nominal turn of 89* for Begular
Edition (or *1.39 fur luxurious DE LUXE EDI-
TION) entitle you to own one Giant Volume in
thin famous *eritK of Great Authors. To ro-

                                              eelve tlrst book. Works uf Maupa^ant. tend no
                                      Iu«t mail READERS COUPON and Reser-
                                      vation and tlu, martelou* vnlumo will be shipped at our
                                      expense. With book will come special Invoice for small
                                      sum indicated abore, and completo instruction* on how
                                      to g*t other volumes.

                                      No other charges. President's Executive Order dras-
               tically reducing postage rat«w for books, makes it Dna-
               sjbio fnt ua to prepay charges.

           Send KE8EBV ATI ON CEBTIFTCATE and tho
           READERS COt PON NOW- No '’Reservation Fee’’—do
           DflPoalL Your first book will come at one*. First
           osme. first sereed I Act NOW. before you ml*lay this pagsl