“The
| Handwriting

Detective"

  I

I
MAY, 1919

Vol. XVIII

Thomas Grant Springer

Studies in Saffron

    The Blood of the Dragon
Her Groove

A Leaf from Life’s Notebook

The Charlatan (A Complete Novelette)

May Wind

Ballade of Lost Faces

Consider the Moving Stairci.je

Sympathy

Dregs

She Loves Me

The Marriage of Jones (A Play)

May Dusk
The Dark Pool
Chason de Cabaret
A Night at Jacqueminot’s
Forsaken
The Joke
A Sign of Death
Hawthorn Abloom
The Eighth Devil
The Burning Bush
In the Good Old Days
The Play’s the Thing

    My Southern Molly-0
An Assyrian Garden
The Handwriting Detective
White Treasure

    A Three-Part Story—Part I
Good-by

 Ethel Watts Mumford
 Lillian Bennet-Thompson
 Henry Payson Dowst
 Morrie Ryskind
 Richard Le Gallienne
 Cleveland Moffett
 Annie Crim Leavenworth
 Elizabeth Burgess Hughes
 Hale Merriman
 Holly Edwardes
 Clinton Scollard
 Mary Barratt
 Archibald Sullivan
 Elmore Elliott Peake
 Will Thompson
 Manchester Willdy
 Margaret Sangster
 Man.' Morsell
 Roger Hartman
 Edwin Justus Mayer
 Frank H. Williams
 By an Insider

  Brian Padraic O’Seasnain
  Louise Rice
  Cyrus Townsend Brady

Edna Valentine Trapnell

    The Editor -will he pleased to consider stories suitable for publication in this magazine.
Where stamps are enclosed, every effort will be maJe safely to return unavailable manuscripts.

YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION $1.80	SINGLE COPIES 20 CENTS

 Monthly publication issued by

          THE NEW FICTION PUBLISHING COMPANY
  35-37 West 39th Street
  W. L. DANIELS	NEW YORK	W. P. VOORHEES

President.	Treasurer.

 Entered as second-class matter October 24. 1914. at the post office at New York, N. Y„
 under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Studies in Saffron

    By Thomas Grant Springer
    I—THE BLOOD OF THE DRAGON

 THROUGH the legend-dimmed
 mist of centuries we look back
 to the stony plain of Mars, where
 Jason harnessed the fiery-breathed bulls

•	of Vulcan to the plow of /Eetes, and in
 the furrows that he left behind him
 sowed the Dragon’s teeth. And, straight-
 way, there sprang up from the torn soil
 armed men ready for battle. Blinded by
 the dust that the hero threw into their
 faces, they turned swiftly upon one an-
 other with unreasoning fury and slew
 and slew.

    To-day, across the seas, the once smil-#
  itig land of France has been turned
  again into the stony field of Mars.
  Plowed by the howitzers of the Huns,
  harrowed by their machine guns, in the
  ground thus prepared by the fiery-
  breathed bulls of a modern Vulcan, un-
  knowingly the teeth of the Dragon were
  again sown, and those of the Dragon’s
  blood sprang up into armed men, and
  slew and slew, blinded not by the dust
  that humble labor cast into their eyes.

   Kan Wong, the sampan boatman, sat
 in the bow of his tiny craft, looking with
 dream-misted eyes upon the oily, yellow
 flood of the Yangtze River. Far across

  1—L. 8.

on the opposite shore, blurred by the
mist that the alchemy of the setting sun
transmuted from miasmic vapor to a
veil of gold, rose the purple-shadowed,
stone-tumbled ruins of Hang Gow. ruins
that had been a proud, walled city in
the days before the Taiping Rebellion
swept with its fiery blight over the low-
lands of the rich Yangtze Valley, with-
ering the rice fields, drying the standing
tea in the bud of the leaf, sweeping away
villages and even whole cities, as the
leaves of the willow tree in die path of
the simoom are stripped and whirled off
upon its fierce breath. In those fiery
days of the Dragon’s wrath, the gods
turned their faces from men and re-
turned to the fastnesses of the distant
hills, leaving at the mercy of the “Hairy
Rebels” upward of a hundred million
souls. Of these a good tenth left their
flesh and bones to the later fertilizing
of the Yangtze Valley during the fifteen
years that it forgot the ways of peace,
and the claws of the Dragon harrowed
it in anger for those who had turned
from him and the worship of their an-
cestors. Even now, seventy years after
the “Ever Victorious Army" forced peace
again upon the land, Hang Gow is but

1
2

Studies in Saffron

one of the many gigantic monuments of
destruction that the Dragon’s wrath left
behind.

  Viewing its slowly dimming towers as
they sank into the fading gold of the
mist that the coming night thickened and
darkened as it wiped out the light with
a damp hand, Kan Wong dreamed over
the stories that his father’s father—now
revered dust somewhere off toward the
hi!!s that dimly met the melting skyline—
had told him of that ruined city, wherein
he, Kan Wong, had not Fate made men
mad, would now be ruling a lordly
household, even wearing the peacock
leather and embroidered jacket that were
his by right of the Dragon's blood, that
blood now hidden under the sun-browned
sjcin of a river coolie. Kan Wong
stuffed fine-cut into his brass-bowled pipe
and struck a spark from his tinder box.
Through his wide nostrils twin streamers
of smoke writhed out, twisting fantas-
tically together and mixing slowly with
the rising river mist. His pipe became
a wand of dreams summoning the genii
of glorious memory. The blood 01 the
Dragon in his veins quickened from the
lethargy to which drudgery had cooled it,
and raced hotly as he thought of the
battle past of his forefathers.

  The War of the Rebellion of New
China had been fought far away to the
north and east. Only its backwash of
reform had welled up the Yangtze, slow-
ly and almost imperceptibly. Its tide
crept so insidiously into Old China, the
China to which Kan Wong belonged, and
so little changed his condition, that he
would never have known of it save for
the edict that had removed his cue, thus
taking him from under tlie Manchu yoke
without affecting the grooves of labor
upon his shoulders, on which the new
yoke settled with the same weight of
burden. New China meant nothing to
him. The noHiiity of his forebears had
been inherited from the Manchu, and
it was lost when they cast their lot with
the Taipings. Kan Wong still looked

 back into the shadow of the Dragon, a
 shadow now removed, but in which
 gleamed the glory of a past that should
 have given color to his future. War,
 that great leveler of the highborn to the
 soil, and the raiser of the lowborn into
 exalted places, had cast his fortune
 into the descending scale of Fate
 when it had spilt his father onto
 the Yangtze plain, stripped of honor and
 weapons, a wreck of revolution whose
 offspring, like the chip of a blasted oak,
 had fallen upon the oily bosom of the
 river. The only heritage that the past
 had bequeathed to Kan Wong was the
 tales of glory before the Taipings rose:
 the fifteen years’ strife, loot mounting
 to wealth. Then the scales tipped as
 the plow of war turned under the spoil?
 of the vanquished, and he rose from the ’
 strife-torn soil, a weed growth where a
 family tree had fallen in its flower.

   He grunted and tapped his now dead
 pipe on the gunwale. The ashes, like
 those of his dreams, fell upon the dark-
 ening waters of the slow flowing river.
 He turned back under the arched mat-
 ting to blow the charcoal brazier for the
 evening rice, for there was no woman
 with sprawling brood to make an effigy
 of home for him. He was of the Drag-
 on’s blood and would rule a lordly house,

*	a£ was his right, or none at all: and so
 he remained a celibate, looking with con-
 tempt upon the coolies who spawned
 upon the river like so many weak-fleshed
 fish. What need had he of sons to wor-
 ship and perpetuate his memory if it
 were not worthy? Better let the line
 die out with him, who burned punk and
 prayer papers to ancestors whose past
 was glorious, than raise a coolie breed oi
 water beetles to skim the oily bosom of
 the Yangtze, picking up a miserable ex-
 istence from the 9cum of its refuse.

   The mist turned a faint yellow with
 the rising of the round, copper disk ( ■
 the full moon. Kan Wong sat again in
 the bow and dreamed in the golden light
 Off somewhere along the river’s windin'.

.
+

Thomas Grant Springer

3

length, where it crawled slowly to the
sea. lay the great coast cities. The lazy
ripples, light-tipped, beckoned with lur-
ing fingers. There was naught to stay
him. His sampan was his home, and mov-
able. therefore the morrow would see him
turning its bow downstream to seek that
strange city where, he had heard, dwelt
many Foreign Devils who now and
then scattered wealth with a prodigal
hand. If it had been in the old days
when he, a son of the Dragon, might
borrow its claws, there was the loot of
piracy to lure. But now the blood of
the Dragon was cold and sluggish, even
in the veins where it still flowed. His
brethren fawned for favor, even as he
must, but not to his own kind. He
would go down the river, even to Shang-
hai, and work, since no other means
offered, until he had enough to buy a
junk. Then with a few adventurous
spirits aboard there was still the fighting
gains of piracy along some of the river
stretches. Years before it had been his
fortune to serve a Foreign Devil, and he
had since often met “boys” on whom he
could practice the pidgin English he
had acquired for just such an adventure.
And so, under the magic light of the
moon, he curled up in a sleep that the
soft radiance warmed to a brood of
dreams that would be his freight down
the river till the gray hand of the dawn
tapped his eyelids and bade him open
them.

  In that pale hour when the mist, not
yet dissipated by the rising sun, lay in
a cold, silver veil upon the night-chilled
waters, he pushed out from the shore
and pointed the sampan's prow down-
stream. Days it took him to reach salt
water. He loitered for light cargoes at
village edges, or picked up the price of
his daily rice at odd tasks ashore, but
always, were it day or night for travel,
his tiny craft bore surely seaward. Mile
after slow mile dropped behind him, like
the praying beads of a lama s chain, but
at last the river salted slightly, and his

tiny craft was lifted by the slow swell
of the sea's hand reaching far inland.

  The river became more populous. The
crowding sampans, houseboats, and junks
stretched far out into its oily, oozy flow,
making a floating city as he neared the
congested life of the coast, where the
ever-increasing population failed to find
ground space in its maggoty swarming.
As the stream widened until the farther
bank disappeared in the artificial mist
of rising smoke and man-stirred dust, the
Foreign Devils’ fire junks appeared, ma-
jestically steaming up and down—swift
swans that scorned the log}*, lumbering
native craft, the mat sails and toiling
sweeps of which made them appear mo-
tionless by comparison. A day or two
of this and then die coast, with Shang-
hai sprawling upon the bank, writhing
with life, odoriferous, noisy, perpetually
awake.

  Kan Wong slid into its waterfront tur-
moil, an infinitesimal human atom added
to it. His tiny craft fixed itself upon
the outer edge of the wriggling river life
like a coral cell attaching itself to a
slow growing atoll. From there he
worked his way inshore, crawling over
the craft that stretched out from the low
banks as a water beetle might move over
the flotsam and jetsam caught in the
backwater of a sluggish stream. Once
in the narrow, crowded streets of the
city itself, he roamed aimlessly, open-
eyed to its wonders, dreamily observant.
Out of the native quarter and into the
foreign section he moved, accustoming
himself to these masters of mystery
whom he was about to serve, calling slug-
gish memory to his aid as his ears strove
to reconstruct the meaning of the bar-
barous jargon.

  Into the quarter where the Foreign
Devils and the native population came
together to barter and to trade, he
strayed one day. A Foreign Devil in a
strangely unattractive uniform was ad-
dressing a crowd of coolies in their own
tongue. Kan Wong attached himself to
4

Studies in Saffron

the outer edge of the impassively cari-
ous throng-, his ears alert, his features,
as ever, an imperturbable mask. The
foreign officer, for such he seemed to be,
was making an otler to the assemblage
for contract labor: one dollar a day, with
rice, fish, and tea rations, for work in a
foreign land. Kan Wong translated the
money quickly into yens. The sum
seemed incredible to him. What service
would he not perform for such payment?
Why, within a year, or two at the very
most, with careful frugality, he might
return and buy himself a junk worthy of
his Dragon dreams of the river. And
ttien . . .

  The officer talked on, persuading, hold-
ing out the glittering lure of profit and
adventure. Kan Wong listened eagerly.
He had thought there was a ban on con-
tract labor, but perhaps this new Repub-
lican Government, so friendly to the
Foreign Devil, had removed it. Surely
one who wore the uniform of a soldier
and an officer could not thus publicly
solicit coolies without the sanction of the
mandarins, or escape their notice.

  Kan Wong studied the crowd. It con-
tained a few Chinese soldiers, who were
obviously keeping order. He was satis-
fied, and edged his way closer to the
speaker. There, already, ranged to one
side, was a line of his own kind, jab-
bering to a Celestial who put down their
names on slips of rice paper and ac-
cepted their marks, which they made with
a bamboo brush, that they bonded them-
selves to the adventure. Kan Wong
gained the signing table. Picking lip the
brush, he set his name, the name of one
of the Dragon’s blood, to the contract,
accepted a duplicate, and stepped back
into the waiting line. To what he had
committed himself he did not know; lie
did not care, so long as liis pay was forth-
coming; that it would be he had no
doubt, for tbe Foreign Devils, especially
those who spoke the English tongue, were
famed for their honesty. They were not
like the Portuguese, whose tongue was

the father of lies. Strange they were,
it is true, but good masters to serve.
Having bound himself to them, his way
lay with them across the sea that
stretdied out to the east, away from the
river on whidi his life had been spent
so fruitlessly, and to which he would not
return until lie could mount its tide with
the honor to whidi he felt tliat his blood
entitled him.

  His pay and his rations, he was told,
would begin two days hence, wiien he
was to report to the fire junk now lying
at the dock, awaiting the human cargo of
which he was a part. Kan Wong mem-
orized the directions as he turned away
from his instructing countryman. Of
the Foreign Devil he took no further
notice. Time enough for that when he
passed into service. The God of Luck
had smiled upon his boldness, and, re-
flecting upon it, Kan Wong turned back
to the river and the sampan that had so
long been his floating home. No senti-
mental memories, however, clung about
it for him. Its freight of dreams he had
lauded here in Shanghai, marketing them
for a realization. The sampan now was
but the empty shell of a water beetle,
that had crawled upon the bank into the
sun of Fortune to spill forth a dragon
fly to try newly found wings of adven-
ture.

  He found a customer, and, with much
haggling after the manner of his kind,
disposed of his boat, the last tie, if tie
there were, that bound him to his present
life. Waterman he had always been,
and now had come to him the call of the
Father of All Waters. The tang of the
salt in his nostrils conjured up dreams as
magical as those invoked by the wand
of the poppy god. Wrapped in their
rosy mantle, he walked the streets for
the next two days, and on the third he
took his way to the dock where lay the
fire junk that was to bear him forth into
the wonders of the Foreign Devils’ land.
Larger she loomed than any he had ever
seen, larger, oh, much larger, than those
Thomas Grant Springer

5

which 'had steamed up the Yangtze in
swanlike majesty. But this huge bulk
was gray—gray and squat and power-
ful. Once aboard, he found it crowded
with an army of chattering coolies.
They swarmed in the hold like maggots.
£vefy inch of space was given over to
them, an army, it seemed to Kan Wong,
in which he was all but lost. An army
it proved to be as the anchor lifted and
the boat swung slowly down the river
and out into the deep swell of the lordly
Pacific.

  Once clear of land, the native “boss
boys”betgan instructions in almost military
discipline. Everything was done by rote
and rule. The rice and fish and tea were
served at stated time, squads being told
off to act as kitchen police. In squads
they took their exercise on deck, now up,
now down, a given space at a walk or a
trot to keep them in condition, and al-
ways under the eye of the uniformed
•Foreign Devils. Yet they were kindly
treated and well fed. Attention was paid
to their welfare, and they were allowed as
much liberty as the crowded vessel per-
mitted. Kan Wong wondered at the
order and orderliness of it all. Of a
truth these Foreign Devils possessed
much magic, and their junk, smooth-rid-
ing even in storm, was a thing that ex-
cited his wonder.

  The display of his admiration, his
ready seamanship when occasion offered,
his quiet dignity, and an indefinable
something that set him above the coolie
crowd with which he was surrounded
brought him to the notice of the For-
eign Devil who had them in charge.
Discovering that Kan Wong had a smat-
tering of pidgin English, he put him
in charge of a squad, noting with keen
satisfaction the quiet and efficient au-
thority he immediately exerted over
them.

   Day after day across the waste of wa-
ter tfhe ship took its eastern way. Never
had Kan Wong dreamed there was so
much water in the world. The broad,

long river that had been his life’s path
seemed but a narrow trickle on the
earth’s face compared with this stretch
of sea that never ended though the days
ran into weeks. The land coolies chafed
and found much sickness in the swell,
but Kan Wong, used ever to a moving
deck, found the way none too long, and
smiled softly to 'himself as lie counted
up the dollars they were paying him for
the keenest pleasure that had ever been
his.

  At last land appeared. The ship
swung into the dock, disclosing to the
questioning eyes of Kan Wong and his
kind a new, strange land. In orderly
discipline they were marched off the ves-
sel and on to the dock. But rest was
not theirs as yet, nor was this their final
destination. From the fire junk they
boarded the flying iron horse of the For-
eign Devils ; again they were on the move.
Swiftly across the land they went, over
high mountains crowded with eternal
snow, thence down upon brown, rolling
plains as wide as the flat stretches of
the broad Yangtze Valley: eastward, ever
eastward, through a land sparsely people-1
for all its virgin fertility. Behind their
flying progress the days dropped—one,
two, three, four, at last five; and then
they entered a more populous region.
Kan Wong, his nose flattened against the
glass that held the moving picture as in
a frame, wondered much at the magic
that unrolled to his never-sated eyes.
Yet the journey's end was beyond his
questioning.

  Once more they came to a seaport.
Marching from the carriages, once more
they beheld the sea. But this time it
was different—more turbulent, harsher,
more sombre with the hint of waiting
storms. Was there, then, more than one
ocean, Kan Wong asked himself? He
found that it was indeed so when once
more a fire junk received them. This
one was grayer than the first that they
had known. Upon her decks were guns
and at her side were other junks, tew,
6

Studies in Saffron

menacing, with a demon flurry of vicious
speed, and short, squat funnels that
belchcd dense smoke clouds. Within the
town were many Foreign Devils, all
dressed alike in strange drab uniforms;
on the docks anjl here and there at other
places they bore arms and other unmis-
takable equipment of fighting men, which
even Kan Wong could not but notice.

  Verily, these Foreign Devils were a
strange breed! What use had they for
him and his coolie brethren! Where
were they taking them across this un-
known, unsuspected sea? How wide
was the world, and what was the end
of it, and then? Well, it mattered not.
A fatalist by birth and centuries of breed-
ing, Kan Wong faced the sea again, com-
mitted to the adventure of his bond, as
were they all. If they lived up to it,
the Foreign Devils must live up to their
part of it, as he was sure they would.
His pay was mounting, the food was
good and plentiful, and he was in the
hands of fate. It would be a tale to tell
his children some day when he returned
to the broad Yangtze—children to whom
he could hand down the Dragon’s blood
and a memory that they would revere
and worship, now that he had the mak-
ing of a worthy one in sight. At any
rate, he had not stayed to rot as a coolie
in the land where he should have been—
what he meant to be before he would
return to it.

  The gray ship moved out into a cold
gray fog. With it were other ships as
gray and as crowded, ships that crawled
with men. strange Foreign Devils who
clanked with weapons as they walked
aboard. Again a waste of water, through
which the ship seemed to crawl with a
caution that Kan Wong felt, but did not
understand. With it, on either side,
moved those other junks—squat, men-
acing, standing low on the horizon, but
as haunting as dark ghosts. Where were
they bound, th«‘s strangely mixed fleet?
Often Kan Wong pondered this, but gave
it no tongue to hic fellow-passengers,

holding a bit aloof from them by virtue
of his caste and the newly vested au-
thority given him by the Foreign Devil
a trust that he kept to the strictest let-
ter. Though he saw not the purpose of
keeping the men under him to a rigid
and seemingly senseless routine, he was
his master’s servant for the time; he
obeyed unreasoningly and commanded
obedience from the coolies under him.

  Again they neared the shore, where
other boats, low-built and bristling with
guns, flew swiftly out to meet them like
fierce, ocean birds of prey. Now they"
skirted high, bleak cliffs, their feet hid in
a lather of white foam; then they round-
ed the cliffs and passed into a storm-
struck stretch of sea through which they
rolled to a more level land, off which
they cast anchor. The long ocean jour-
ney was finished at last.

  There was a frantic bustle at this port,
increasing a hundredfold when once they
set foot upon the land. Men—men were
everywhere; men in various uniforms,
men who spoke various tongues in a con-
fusing babel, yet they all seemed intent
upon one purpose, the import of which
Kan Wong could but vaguely guess. AH
about them was endless movement, but
no confusion, and once ashore their work
commenced immediately.

  From the fleet of fire junks various
cargoes were to be unloaded with all
speed, and at this the coolies toiled.
Numberless crates, boxes, and bags came
ashore to be stowed away in long, low
buildings, ©r loaded into long lines of
rough, boxlike carriages that then went
scurrying off behind countless snorting
and puffing fire-horses to the east, always
to the east and north. Strange engines,
which the Foreign Devils saw to it that
they handled most tenderly, were also
much in evidence, and always, at all
(hours, the uniformed men with their
bristling arms and clanking equipment
crowded into the carriages and were
whisked off to the east, always to the
east and north. They went with much
Thomas Grant Springer

7

Grange -homing and, to Kan Wong's
f.?rs, discordant sounds that they mistook
for music. Yet now and then other
strings of carriages came back from the
t a>t and north, with other men—men
broken. Woody, lacking limbs, groping in
blindness, their faces twisted with pain
as they were loaded into the waiting fire
iunks to recross the rough sea.

  Then came the turn of the coolies to
be crowded into the boxlike carriages and
to be whisked off to the east. With them
went tool?—picks, shovels, and the like—
for further work, upon the nature of
which Kan Wong, unquestioning, specu-
lated. It was a stow, broken journey
that they made. Every now and then
they stopped that other traf&c might pass
them, going either way; mostly the
strange men in uniforms, bristling with
guns, hurrring to the east, always to the
east and north.

  At last they too turned north, and as
they did so the country, which had been
smiling, low. filled with soft fields and
pretty, nestling houses, little towns and
quiet, orderly cities, changed to bleak
^elds, cm and seared as by a simoom's
angry breath. Still there were little
towns—or what had been little towns,
now tumbled ruins—fire-smitten, grit-
ted, their windows gaping like blind eyes
in the -face of a twisted cripple. Off to
the east hung angry clouds from which
the thunder echoed distantly; a thunder
low. grumbling, continual, menacing, and
through the clouds at night were light-
ning flashes of an angry red. Toward
this storm it seemed that all the men
were hurrying, and so too were the
coolies of whom Kan Wong was one.
Often the}' chattered speculative!}* of the
storm beyond. What did it mean ? Why
did the men hurry toward instead of
away from it? Truly the ways of the
Foreign Devils were strange ’

  A* they dre* nearer to the storm, the
river dream? of Kan Wor.g returned.
This wa* indeed the land of the Dragon’s
wrath. The tom and harrowed fieWs.

the empty, broken towns, the distant,
grumbling storm, and the armed men,
hurrying, always hurrying, toward the
east and north, where the clouds dark-
ened and spread—all this was in the tales
that his fathers father had told him of
those fifteen mad years when the Yangtze
Valley crouched trembling under the
fiery breath of the Dragon's wrath. Here
once more he saw the crumbling towers
and walls of Hang Govv in fresh ruin.
Here was the ruthless wreck that even
nature in her fiercest mood could never
make. Truly the lure of the Dragon's
blood in him was drawing 'rim, magnet-
like, to the glory of his ancestors.

  At length they were set down just be-
hind the fury of the storm ahead.
Everywhere were the armed men, going,
coming, in feverish haste. Those who
went were full of confidence and had a
son of fierce joy shining in their faces;
those who C3me hid faces distorted by
lines of pain, their bodies were broken,
bleeding, maimed. The air was full of
noisy sparks. - : a:rid >mel!s, • '
dust and ashes There were mam* sweat-
ing horses dragging past the strange in-
struments of which the Foreign Devils
seemed so tenderly careful, 2nd also
many other fast-moving carriages pro-
pelled by a strange magic at a high speed.
These tore hither and thither and were
filled with men. Others, slower moving,
but still propelled by the same strange
magic, rumbled past, shaking the earth
with the burden of their loads. Above,
high in the air, flew swift, strange birds,
their wings humming noisily, and. as
Kan Wong learned, bearing men to and
fro. in and out of the storm clouds on
the low horizon.

  Brtt there was little time for ibcm
to observe all these wonders of the
Foreign Devils* magic. The one who had
them in charge and spoke their tongue
gave them their tools and bade them dig
narrow ditches; head deep. From them
they ran tunnels into deep caves hollowed
out far tnder the ground. They bur-
8

Studies in Saffron

rowed like moles, cutting galleries here
and there, reinforcing them with timbers,
and lining them with a stone which they
made of dust and water. Many they cut,
stretching far back behind the ever-
present storm in front of them, while
from that storm'cloud, in swift and un-
seen lightning bolts that roared and burst
and destroyed their work often as fast
as it was completed, fell death among
them, who were only laborers, not sol-
diers, as Kan Wong now knew those
Foreign Devils in the strange and dirty
uniforms to be.

  As the storm roared on, never ceas-
ing, it stirred the Dragon’s blood in Kan
Wong's veins. The pick and shovel irked
his hands as he swung them; his palms
began to itch for the weapons that the
soldiers bore. Now and then he came
upon a gun where it had dropped from
its owner's useless hands. He studied its
mechanism, even asking the Foreign
Devil overseer how it was worked, and,
being shown, he remembered and prac-
ticed its use whenever opportunity of-
fered. He took to talking with his fel-
low-workers, some of whom had them-
selves fought with the rebels of New
China, who, with just such Foreign Dev-
ils' tools, had clipped the claws of the
Manchu Dragon, freeing the Celestial
Kingdom forever from its crooked grip.
He took much interest in these war im-
plements. He became more intimate and
friendly with his fellows, feeling them
now to be brothers in a danger that had
awakened the soldier soul beneath the
brown of his coolie skin.

  Little could he make of all the strife
about him. All of which he was sure
was that this was the Dragon’s Field, and
he, a Son of the Dragon, had been guided
to it to fufil a destiny his forefathers
had begun in the Yangtze Valley when
with the “Hairy Rebels” they had waged
such war as this. The flying death all
about him that now and then claimed
toll of one of his own kind was but a
part of it; but all the time he grew to

hate his humble work and long for a
part, a real part, in the fighting that
raged ahead, where an unseen enemy, of
whom he grew to think as his own,
hurled destruction among them. Often
he spoke of this to the gang under him,
imbuing them with the spirit of the
Dragon’s blood that, eager to fuiil its
destiny, once more boiled within him.

  Then one day the storm grew more
furious. The thunder was a continual
roll, and both from the front and rear
flew the whining lightning bolts, spew-
ing out death and destruction. Many a '
coolie fell, his dust buried under the dust
of this fierce foreign land, never to be
returned and mixed with that of his own
Flowery Kingdom. Now and then came
"stink pots," filling the air with such
foul vapors that men coughed out their
lives in the putrid fumes. The breath of
the Dragon, fresh from his awful mouth,
was wrapped about them in hot wrath.

  Past them the soldiers streamed, foul
with fight, their hot guns spitting vicious-
ly back into the rolling, pungent gray fog
that followed them malignantly. Con-
fusion reigned, and in that confusion a
perfect riot of death. On all sides the
soldiers fell, blighted by the Dragon's
breath. The coolies crouched in the
heaped up ruins of their newly dug
ditches, knowing not which way to turn;
bereft of leadership since the Foreign
Devil who commanded them was gone,
buried beneath a pile of earth where a
giant cracker had fallen.

  Suddenly Kan W ong noticed that there
were no more soldiers save only those
rwho lay writhing or in still, twisted
heaps upon the harrowed ground. The
coolie crowd huddled here alone, clutch-
ing their futile picks and shovels, grov-
eling in helpless panic. Disaster had
overtaken them. The Dragon was upon
them, and they were unprotected. All
about them in scattered heaps lay dis-
carded equipment, guns, even the sharp-
barking, death-spitting, tiny instrument
that the soldiers handled so lovingly and
Thomas Grant Springer

9

so gently when it was not in action. But
those who manned the weapons had
passed on, back through the thick curtain
of smoke that hung between them and
the comparative safety of the rear.

  Kan Wong’s eyes were ahead, striv-
ing to pierce the pungent veil that hid the
enemy. Suddenly his keen eyes noted
them—the strange uniforms and stranger
faces, ducking forward here and there
through the hell of their own making.
The blood of the Dragon within him
boiled up, now that the enemy was really
near enough to feel the teeth and claws
of the Dragon’s whelps. This was the
hour for which he had lived. This was
the Taiping glory come again for him to
share. Reaching down, he picked up the
rifle of a fallen soldier, fondled its mech-
anism lovingly for a moment, and then,
cuddling it tenderly beneath his chin, his
finger bade it spit death at the misty
gray figures crawling through the grayer
fog in front. . , .

  When the magazine was exhausted he
filled it with fresh clips and turned with
the authority he had always wielded, and
a new one that they instantly recognized,
upon his shivering countrymen.

  “What are ye?” he yelled with with-
ering scorn. “Sons of pigs who root in
the dung of this Foreign Devil’s land, or
men of the Dragon's blood? Are ye
the scum of the Yangtze River or honor-
able descendants of the Hairy Rebels?
Would ye avenge your brothers who have
choked to death in the breath of the
stink-pots that have been flung among
us? Will ye let escape this horde of
Foreign Devil enemies who have hurled
at us giant crackers that have spit death,
now that they are near enough to feel
how the Dragon’s blood ' can strike ?
Here are the Dragon’s claws!” He
waved his bayoneted gun aloft. "Will
ye die like men, or like slinking rats
stamped into the earth? All who are not
cowards—come!’’ He waved the way
through the smoke to the gray figures
emerging from it.

  The Chinaman is no coward when once
aroused. Death he faces as he faces life,
stoically, imperturbably. The coolies,
reaching for the nearest weapons, fol-
lowed the-man who showed the Dragon’s
blood. Many of them understood the
use of arms, having borne them for New
China. Death was upon them, and they
went to meet it with death in their hands.

  Kan Wong dragged up an uninjured
machine gun, the crew of which lay dead
about it. Fitting the bands of cartridges
as he had seen the gunners do, he turned
the crank and swung it round on its
revolving tripod. Before its vicious rain
he saw the gray figures fall, and a great
joy welled up in his breast. He sig-
naled for other belts and worked the gun
faster. Round him the coolies rallied;
others beyond the sound of his * voice
joined in from pure instinct. The gray
figures wavered, hesitated, melted back
into the smoke, and then strove to work
around the fire of the death-spitting
group. But the Dragon's blood was up,
the voice of the Dragon’s son cheered
and directed the snarling, roused whelps
to whom war was an old, old trade, for-
gotten, and now remembered in this
strange, wild land. The joy of slaughter
came savagely upon them. The death
that they had received they now gave
back. In the place the white men had
fled, the yellow men now stood, descend-
ants of the Taipings, as fierce and wild
as their once Hairy brothers.

  Meanwhile, behind them the retreating
line halted, stiffened by hurried rein-
forcements. The officers rallied their
men, paused and looked back through the
smoke. The line had given way and they
must meet the oncoming wave. Quick-
ly reforming, they picked their ground
for a stand and waited. The moments
passed, but no sign of the victors.

  “What the hell is up?” snarled one of
the reinforcing officers. “I thought the
line had given way.”

  “It has,” replied the panting, battle-
torn comirtander. “My men are all back
May Wind

here; there’s no one in front but the
enemy !T’

  “What's that ahead, then ?’’ The
sharp bark of rifles, the rat-a-tat of ma-
chine guns, the boom of bursting gren-
ades, and the yells, gVoans, screams, and
shouts of hand-to-hand conflict came
through the curtaining smoke in a mad
jumble of savage sound.

  “Damned if I know! We'd better
find out!” They began moving their
now rallied men back into it.

   Suddenly they came upon it—a writh-
ing mass of jeans-clad coolies, wild-eyed,
their teeth bared in devilish, savage
grins, their hands busy with the imple-
ments of death, standing doggedly at
bay before gray waves that broke upon
them as a sullen sea breaks and recedes
be fore*a jutting point of land.

  With the reinforcements the tide
turned, ebbing back in a struggling,
writhing fury, and soon the ground was
clear again of all save the wreck that
such a wave leaves behind it. Once the
line was reestablished and the soldiers
holding it steadily, the coolies, once more
the wielders of pick and shovel, returned
to the work of trench repairing, leaving
the fighting to those to whom it be-
longed.

   The officers were puzzled. What had
started them? What had injected that
mad, fighting spirit into their yellow
hides ? What had caused them to make
that swift, wild, wonderful stand?

  “Hey, you, John!” The commanding
officer addressed one of them when a lull
came and they were busy again at the

tumbled earth. “What you right for,
hey ?”

  The coolie grained foolishly.

  “Him say fight. Him heap big man,
alle same have Dlagon’s blood. Him say
light, we fight, sabcf” And hr pointed
to Kan W ong—Kan Wong, his head
bleeding from a wound, his eyes glow-
ing with a green fury from between
I heir narrow lids, his long, strong hands,
red with blood other than his own, still
clutching his rifle with a grip that had
a tenderly savage joy in it.

  The officer approached him.

  “Are you the man who rallied the
coolies and held the line?” he asked
shortly.

  Kan Wong stiffened with a dignity to
which he now felt he had a right.

  “Me fight.” he said quietly—“me fight,
coolie right, too. Me belong Dlagon’s
blood. One time my people righting
men; long time I wait.”

  “You’ll wait no longer.” said the of-
ficer. He unpinned the cross from his
tunic and fastened it to the torn, bloody
blouse of Kan Wong. “Off to the east
are men of your own race, fightmg-men
from China. Cochin-China. That is the
place for a man of the Dragon’s blood
—and that is the tool that belongs in your
hand till we're done with this -mess.”
He pointed to the rifle that Kan Wong
still held with a stiff, loving, lingering
grip.

  And so, on the other side of the world,
the Son of the Dragon came to his own
and realized the dreams of a glory he
had missed.	V %

YOU may say what you please about Bolshevism, but it certainly lias been a
     tremendous aid to conversation.
Her Groove

  By Ethel Watts Mumford

H T~^(JT, my dear, good woman!”

J The little old maid, primly
seated on the re-covered sofa,
looked the Reverend Mr. Paul in the
face, with eyes at once weary and stub-
born.

“I’m tired of being a ‘good woman'!”
she replied in a hushed, sick-room voice.

  “Don’t, don’t!” he ejaculated. "You
of all women! Thank God, you couldn’t
be anything else but a good woman 1”
Mr. Paul fairly bristled truculent ap-
proval of her maiden past.

  “Yes,” she agreed sadly. “I am afraid
I am too old now.”

  The elderly adviser paled.

  “I can only account for your extraor-
dinary conduct,” he quavered, “on the
ground of demoniac possession. I re-
fuse to believe that one so exemplary can
seriously speak as you are speaking or
contemplate such actions.”

  Miss Peck refolded her long hands
precisely, almost as if invisible fingers
creased and turned them, like putting old
lace carefully away.

  “I’m sorry,” she said meekly, “that I
told John anything about it. I ought to
have gone over to the city and zvrit back,
but somehow I felt as if John, bein’ my
brother an’ the head of the family. I shud
speak to him. I might have known he'd
go to you.”

  “Of course he came to me.” Mr.
Paul’s withered-apple visage wrinkled in
indignation. “Have I not always been
the devoted friend of every member of
your family—your father, your dear
mother; those sainted women, your
aunts? He would have neglected his
duty if he had not come to me.”

  Miss Peck set her narrow lips.

  “Thank you; but there isn’t the slight-
est use arguin’. You’re not looking at
the rights of the case—leastways, not at
my rights. I took care of Mother and
Aunt Sue and Sister Emma till the Lord
took ’em, an" 1 don’t believe the Lord in-
tends me to take up John's cross for him,
an’ nurse his wife and children so’s he
can let Martha go and only keep one
servant.

  “All my life I’ve been in somebody
else’s groove—I ain’t never found my
own. Now, I just want to do somethin'
it’s a human pleasure to do. I’ve wanted
what was live an’ pretty, an’ all I ever
had was a cat. I wanted young people
when I was young, an’ I never cud have
’em. because there wuz always them as it
wuz my plain duty to do for. An’ the
money I inherited from Grandpa Steele
I had to spend on keepin’ the household
goin’; because they said, bein’ an unmar-
ried woman, I hadn’t but myself to spend
it on.

  “Oh, I know John’s been countin’ on
gettin’ me to housekeep for Eliza, an’ my
income’ll come in handy, an’ mebbe with
me puttin’ in my money on the livin’ ex-
penses, he cud spare enough of his for an
automobile. Well, he’s lookin’ to betted
himself, an’ I’m lookin’ to better myself.
an’ them two ain’t one!”

  “Your brother very properly and very
generously offers you the shelter ,of his
home.” Mr. Paul looked with an ap-
praising eye at the spacious parlor and
its old-fashioned but once costly furni-
ture. "And you could rent this place to
summer folks for three or, maybe, four
hundred dollars.”

11
12

Her Groove

  She nodded acquiescence at that.

  “Mr. Smith says six, on account of
the shade trees an’ garden. I've told him
to go ahead and rent, for, as I said to
John, I’m thinkin’ of bein’ gone some
time. I know there’s a groove for me
somewhere, an’ I’m goin’ to find it.”

  "And your brother has a right to know
where you are going.” The Family
Friend was suddenly dragged back to the
consideration of the enormity of Miss
Peck’s avowed intentions. “You, an un-
married woman!"

  The ghost of a smile trembled on the
virgin lips.

  “I'm goin' to jine a friend—a woman
friend'—an’ Mr. Smith is my lawyer, an’
if John wants to lind out about my health
or—or happiness, or anythin’ brotherly
like that, why, Elisha will be in touch
with me ’count of my rents an' such.”
The bitterness and irony deepened in her
voice. “I’m leavin’ to night on the eight-
thirty, an’ thank you for yer visit.
Good-by.”

  She rose, and. perforce, he rose also.

  “It shall not be said that I allowed you
to stray unwarned!” he rumbled.

  She glanced at him—was it coquet-
tishly? Mr. Paul could hardly believe
his eyes.

  “Why, if you’re thinkin’ of cornin’ over
to Providence with me, itivud look better
to take the mornin’ train.”

  “What!” exclaimed the outraged shep-
herd.

  "Well, I don’t know what's to hinder.**
She appeared to consider the situation
judicially. “Pm some over twenty-one,
and I can pay my own way. An’ if John
wants a guardeen appointed for me, all I
says is, ‘Let him try.' You forget, an’
John forgets, that I’ve been put upon an’
kept down in somebody else’s groove, an'
shoved about all my life, an’ now I’m
just bulgin’. So. if you care to set in the
parlor, why, you're welcome to set. but
you’ll have to excuse uta, for I’m goin’ to
my own room to finish my packin’.” A
faint flush had mantled her pale cheeks;

her faded eyes snapped unwonted lire.

  Mr. Paul looked helplessly at the hall-
way and the shining newel post. It was
obviously impossible for him to pursue
this recalcitrant maiden to her l>edroom,
yet to permit such a dismissal was to ac-
cept humiliation.

  “I hope—I pray,” he groaned, “that
you will not live to look back upon this
hour as the dark turning-point of your
life! I have warned you.’’

  “Tell Martha”—Miss Peck's voice
readied him from the upper landing—
“that she needn’t worry about Thomas.
I’ve bought a cat basket, an’ I’m taking
him with me.”

  The lia.ll door slammed.

  Miss Elizabeth kiughed out loud. The
sound shocked her. Instinctively she
shot a glance at the doors down the hall
—the doors that for so many weary years
had opened and closed to the tyrannical
orders of the two warped and vampirish
women who had drained her yonth and
sapped her life. The silence was reassur-
ance. She was free, with no regrets and
no self-reproaches—free!—to indulge
herself, to be herself. A neat new suit-
case lay on the bed; over the walnut
footboard spread her best blue foulard
and her black straw hat with the butter-
cup clusters, that had been universally
criticized as “unsuitable”—even before
custom had demanded respectful black.
She hated black. It might be a sin, but
crape she abominated. She was deter-
mined not to put on mourning. The
town could call shame to her; she would
be too far to hear. Sire meant to wear
gay colors and frequent cheerful places.
The word “appropriate” should no longer
exist in her bright lexicon. Before the
mirror she fluffed her faded hair, loosen-
ing it from its prim coil.

  She would wear siik underwear, she
decided. She had seen it advertised, and
she loved the caressing touch of silk.
She meant, in her orgy of extravagance,
to put herself quite beyond the pale of
propriety. Wholesale, sinful waste it
Ethel Watts Mumford

13

was to be. It included a bottle of Mary
Garden perfume. All her practical,
everyday belongings were neatly stored
in the attic. The new suitcase would
contain only what necessaries could not
be dispensed with, for her entire ward-
robe was to be new.

  Having completed her toilet, closed the
bag, made a tour of inspection of each
speckless chamber, she picked up the
purring cat from its accustomed cushion,
soothed its reluctant introduction into
the shining traveling basket, secured all
windows and doors, locked the kitchen
door on the outside, and, without a sigh
or a backward glance, walked calmly
down the village street. Boldly flaunt-
ing the blue foulard in the place of ex-
pected weeds, she deposited the keys in
the office of Mr. Smith, promised to
write as soon as settled, committed what
appeared to be a major operation in con-
cealing the large roll of bills which her
lawyer counted out on the worn rose-
wood table, and betook herself to the
Commercial House for her last meal in
Mayfield.

  Eight o’clock found her installed in the
train, answering with matter of fact gen-
tility the questions of the friends gath-
ered to see her off. John had not ap-
peared, and she began to hope against
hope that her departure was to be merci-
fully ignored by her indignant relative.
But such an easy evasion was not to be
hers. John Peck had titned and planned
his appearance. He blustered in just as
the cars shocked together with the first
jar of departure. Snatching up the new
suitcase, he sent it flying through the
open window, narrowly missing the
heads of the assembled villagers gath-
ered on the platform. Instinctively Miss
Peck snatched the cat-basket to her
breast, as her brother seized her roughly
by the arm and jerked her from the seat
with the intention of rushing her down
the aisle and off the train.

  But not for nothing had she foreseen
this day and assured herself a protected

escape. As her resisting little body was
propelled toward the platform, the con-
ductor and Mr. Elisha Smith, attorney-
at-law, arose to interfere, and they were
not without a sympatlietic understanding
of Miss Peek’s feelings.

  “Upon what authority?” demanded the
lawyer.

  “John Peck, get off this train,” snarled
the conductor. “You ain’t got no call
to interfere with your sister. She’s free,
white, and twenty-one, ain’t she?” He
reached up to the bell cord, and the train
jarred to a stop. “Put him off, will ye,
Eli?” he growled. “This train’s goin’
somewhere, and she’s on her way.*’

  Protesting and furious, John Peck was
hustled to the ties. The guard gave the
signal, the train moved on.

  Flustered and red, her neat bonnet
rakishly awry. Miss Peck sank again into
the red velvet seat.

  “Well, Thomas.” she laughed excited-
ly, “we’re off.” She laughed again, the
words had such a sportive sound. She
repeated them as she stroked the wild-
eyed cat. “We’re off!”

  With unabated relish, she traveled
through the night, changed at a musty
junction, and eventually arrived at her
destination in the pale dawn hours. She
sat in the station waiting-room, wonder-
ing at its immensity, at the people, at the
number and speed of the trains, at the
news depots, the restaurants, the cah
stand. It was all new and of absorbing
interest. At half past seven, when she
judged it would be safe to assume that
the day was well started for everyone,
she called a cab. consulted a newspaper
clipping, and directed that khe be driven
to the hotel. Arrived at its carven por-
tals, she was dazed by its magnificence.
A liveried doorman possessed himself of
Thofhas’s basket, and she entered the
halls of splendor. She was quite self-
possessed, however, when she stepped up
to the desk, and with assurance sharp-
ened by anxiety, demanded to see “Miss
Margot Fontaine.”
14

Her Groove

  The red-eyed night clerk, who was not
yet off duty, looked at her and chuckled
as he glanced at a board covered with
mystic signs: “Left word not to be
called till eleven-thirty."

   “Is she sick ?” inquired the elderly in-
genue.

  “Not so’s you could notice it,” the
clerk replied. “Stoppin’ here?” he in-
quired.

  “Of course I am,” Miss Peck snapped
back.

  “Sign there.” He whirled the register
at her. “Front?” he called.

   “If you please,” she agreed, with lofty
detachment.

  “Please what?” inquired the mystified
clerk.

  “A front room,” she retorted. In the
glow of her deliverance from bondage
she almost hoped a “front” room was ex-
tra-expensive.

   The clerk stifled a laugh, and tossed a
key to the grinning bellboy. “Four
thirty-six,” he ordered. “Any baggage,
Miss?”

  “I’m going out to buy some this noon,”
she assured him with dignity.

  A desk telephone rang. He picked up
the receiver. “Oh, three sixty-one—yes.
Hold on a minute,” he called after the
new arrival. “It’s Miss Fontaine—
wants her coffee in her room. All right.
Say, tell Miss Fontaine that Miss Peck—
Miss Elizabeth Peck, of Mayfield—is
here to see her. . . . Yes, I’ll hold the
wire. . . . Tell her to come right up?
All right. . . . Fror*, show the lady to
three sixty-one, and tell the floor maid
to make up four thirty-six. Elevator to
the right, Miss.”

  Both Thomas and his owner suffered
from the sudden ascension. Had a stom-
ach been permissible in an unmarried
lady, Miss Peck would have clutched
hers in squeamish terror.

  She had hardly recovered from the
shock when the bellboy knocked on a
numbered door, which was opened by a
negro maid. A flutter of blue chiffon, a

tousle of brown curls, and a flash of lace
cap buried itself on Miss Peck’s lean
bosom. In her emotion Thomas was for-
gotten, and his basket bumped to the
floor, while the old maid’s yearning arms
closed over the slim shoulders that
strained close to her.

  “Mary Allen! Well, well. Mary Al-
len!” she repeated over and over in a
voice grown suddenly husky and sweet.

  The girl threw back her head, tossing
aside the concealing frills and curls and
revealing a face the loveliness of which
the faint traces of the last night’s make-
up seemed to enhance rather than mar.

  “How good of you to come. How did
you find me ? I—I thought of going over
to Mayfield to surprise you, but I
couldn't, on account of the theatre.
We’re here only three days, and we’re
giving five performances.” The words
tumbled from her lips as she led Miss
Elizabeth into the room, drew up a chintz
armchair and climbed back into bed.
“Oh,” she continued, her face growing
pink with earnestness, “I’m so glid you
did come. I felt so mean that I hadn’t
written you. You don’t know—it makes
all the difference in the world. But, tell
me all about yourself. How did they let
you off?”

  “They didn’t,” said Miss Peck, sud-
denly reverting to her defiant manner.
“John threw my bag out of the car win-
dow. Lucky it wasn’t Thomas—oh,
where is Thomas?”

  The broadly smiling maid laid the bas-
ket on the bed.

“Thomas!” exclaimed Mary Allen.
alias Margot Fontaine. “Not old Tom!”
“No, but the dead spit of him. It’s his
great-grandson, and very tame and affec-
tionate, but just a mite nervous.”

  The girl dumped the offended feline
on the bed and exclaimed in admiration:
“Oh, Mattie, look!”

  “Here's yer coffee, Miss.” The serv-
ant set the tray on the bed. “This is
sorter early fer you-all. Yer better take
it while it’s hot.”
Ethel Watts Mumford

15

  A frown darkened the girl’s bright
face.

  “I couldn’t sleep,” she explained. “I
was worried and—and—restless. Oh,
I’m so glad you came.” Her eyes sought
the older woman’s face adoringly.
‘Tell me the worst,” she burst out.
“How short are you going to stay with
me ? When do you have to go back—the
very last minute?”

  “I’m never going back at all,’’ said
Miss Peck. “If you don’t mind, Mary,
I’ll travel with you awhile, if I won't be
in the way. I made up my mind when
I seen the paper, sayin’ you was here in
the ‘Glory Hallelujah’ company, but I
didn’t know how I could make it. so I
didn’t send no word.”

  “What! Have you eloped for good?
How wonderful!” Miss Fontaine
bounced with delight

  Miss Peck put away her hands again
with her lingering folding gesture.
“Yes,” she said, “I sorter cleaned up on
what I seen was my duties. We all got
our just burdens, but there’s them that’s
unjust. Mr. Paul wrastled with me, and
John tried to shanghai me. but I seen no
reason to give up. I told ’em I hadn’t
ever found my real groove in life, but I
meant to find it. I don’t see why it ain't
possible to do right, and what you want
to. at the same time. I notice the men
seems to manage it.”

  “Did they know you were coming to
me?” demanded Mary Allen.

  “Sakes. no!” Mi^s Peck shivered at
the thought. “That Zi'ttd have finished it!
Why, my dear, since you’ve been a play
actress, your name ain’t mentioned ’cept
by the real bad boys.” Miss Peck
laughed, an amused, tolerant laugh.

  But Mary Allen's face flamed.

  ‘•Well, I like that/” she exclaimed;
then her eyes grew troubled. “What's be-
come of Cousin Hilda Safford?” she in-
quired after a moment’s pause.

  “Why, after you went, she married
Lef Taylor. They live in the old Taylor
mansion up Ridge Street.”

  “Has she ever asked for me?” said
Mary, her voice lowered.

   “No. But you’ve got no call to keep
her on your feelin’s, Mary. If ever a
woman nagged a girl into takin’ the bit
in her teeth, your Cousin Hilda nagged
you. It was just jealousy, Mary, because
you're purty. And, Mary”—she paused
to feast her eyes on the tousled vision of
beauty before her—“if she could see you
now, she'd up and dti” Miss Peck
sighed a sigh of utter content. “It just
rests me to look at you. I don’t know
what the Lord put into me to make me
love purty young things so, but I do. All
my life I’ve loved 'em—flowers an1 peo-
ple an’ cats, an’ silks an’ satins, an’ ba-
bies, an’ pictures an’ gold frames. Why,
Mary dear, it’s that strong in me that
I’ve passed the Fish House at night—
that was before the town went dry—and
just seen the lights through the windows
shining on all that bar-glass an’ biue an’
green an’ yellow bottles, an’ heard that
big music-box gcin’, an’ I’ve just ton tied
to be a man an’ go in there an’ see it all
an’ hear it. Mary, do you know, in all
my life I’ve never had any fmt I’ve
never had a laugh that didn’t have a bite
in it!”

   Mary put out a smooth, beringed hand.

  “Miss Elizabeth. I wonder—1 wonder
did you need me as much as I needed
you? You—you’ve had the courage to
see straight, to fight your way against
your environment, because you saw you
were ‘in wrong.’ Oh. Miss Elizabeth,
I’ve got to do that, too! I know you
don’t understand, but never mind that,
not nowr, at least. If John threw your
wardrobe out of the window we’ve got to
go shopping, haven’t we? I'll get right
up.” She was already kicking her slim
feet into the worn blue satin mules at the
foot of the bed.

*	In a daze of happiness, Miss Peek
watched the erstwhile Marv Allen grow
in beauty under Mattie’s skilful fingers.
Such shining boots with white kid tops,
and such a simple tailored suit of blue.
16

Her Groove

with sudden sophisticated dashes of
color, such artfully plain hair under its
tilted turban ! It was all perfection—en-
hanced by the faint perfume of powder
and aromatic essences. The toilet that
consumed an hoar and a half seemed to
complete itself with magical rapidity to
the fascinated eyes of Miss Peck. Thus
and so would she dress, from patent
leather tip to feather tip, from pink
crepe de Chine to gray fox fur, she,
whose life had been buckramed in chal-
lies, prints and astrakhan doth.

  Mary caught up a diamond wrist watch
from the dressing-table and absently
shook back her cuff. Then she changed
color and put down the trinket as the
telephone rang.

  “See who that is,” she ordered.

  “How very purty.” Miss Peck picked
up the watch with awe. It was so small
and seemingly fragile. “Eleven o’clock,”
she exclaimed. “My, Mary, you must
use shorter hours than we do down to
Mayfield!”

  “It’s Mr. Robert wants to see you,
Miss.” Mattie almost whispered the
message. “Says he’* on his way up.”

  Mary hesitated, then shut her lips
firmly.

  “All right, Mattie. Carry those tilings
into the alcove and pull the curtains.”
She tossed a pair of pink satin corsets
into an open trunk and closed the lid.
Then she turned again to her visitor.
“It’s Mr. Thomas—he wrote the play.
He’s been traveling with the company so
that he can make what changes he wants
before we strike a big town. He—he—
wants me to have the lead in the new
piece he’s working on.”

  There was a knock on the door, fol-
lowed almost instantly by the entrance of
a tall, well groomed man, remotely
threatened by the forties. His deeply
lined face was attractive, but for a twist
of bitterness in his thin lips that was
belied by the shrewd gentleness of his
eyes. He started as his glance noted the
newcomer.

  “I beg pardon,” he said, as if conscious
and somewhat ashamed of the abruptness
of his entrance.

  "Oh, good morning, Robert.” Miss
Fontaine’s voice was thin and clear as
glass. “This is Miss Peck—my very dear
friend; in fact, my only friend in what
used to be my home town. She’s come
to me to be my companion.”

  "Oh,” he said noncommittally.

  Miss Peek’s heart warmed toward the
man who appreciated Mary Allen.

  “Mary s sweet enough to say as I can
travel with her, an’ not be in the way,”
she beamed. “I’m sorter huntin’ for my
groove, you see. I’ve never been out of
Mayfield before, and I’ve never been so
happy, either.”

  “Miss Peck”—Mary sought and found
her gloves—“was good to me always,
when I needed goodness. When I ran
away she stood by me and helped me.
And when I needed money she scrimped
herself and sent it to me. She’s my good
angel, Mr. Thomas.” Her dark-lashed
eyes met his with a swift look of mean-
ing.

  “Angels are very necessary sometimes
—in our business.” There was a touch
of irony in his voice, and a quick re-
sponse to the challenge of her look. Then
he turned courteously. “I shall be de-
lighted to include you, Miss Peck. We
had planned, Miss Fontaine and I. to
take a little run into the country before
the matinee. You’ll come, of course.''

  “Of course,” said Mary quickly. Miss
Peck w'as puzzled at the ring of defiance
in the tone.

  The author’s keen eyes were traveling
covertly over every detail of the new
companion’s face and figure. He looked
as if he wanted to sneer. And yet, the
kind, tired eyes smiled reluctantly. Miss
Peck felt flustered, as if somehow she
needed to explain her presence.

  ‘7 ran away, too.” she stated boldly.

  “Indeed ? When ?” he inquired politely.

  “Why. just now. I don’t know as I’d
have had the courage if I hadn’t helped
Ethel Watts Mumford

17

  Mary when she run off. But I remem-
  bered, and I kept telling myself that
  Mary was all right. She’d found her
  groove, and why shouldn’t I? You see,
  Mr. Thomas, you don’t know what it is
  to be brought up a woman. Everything’s
  your duty if you’re a woman; an' lots
  of duties that wouldn’t grind so hard if
  they was shared, get laid onto some one
  woman in the family, an’ after a while
  you only got courage enough to keep
  those crosses goin’. An’ then, you can’t
  believe how hard it is to step out with-
  out a burden, an’ look for what right-
  fully you’ve hankered after. I’m sure
  it ain't wrong to do your duty and be
  happy, too, if you can find it to do.”

    Miss Peck stopped short. Her sud-
  den burst of confidence to a stranger ap-
  palled her, but his sympathetic, attentive
  silence drew her on.

    “I don’t think Mr. Thomas quite un-
  derstands women.” Mary’s voice was
  , again brittle and thin. “He—he’s per-
  haps a little cynical. He doesn’t know
  how hard it is—to—to be a woman. I
  think he’s always thought that because
  I ran away from—yon wouldn’t call it
  ‘home,’ Miss Elizabeth, would you?—
  that—that— Oh, well, let’s be going.”
  She turned away helplessly.

    But Miss Peck was too startled at the
  last suggestion.

    “Why, she just couldn’t stay in May-
  field. Why Mr. Thomas, Mary Allen
  always was a heart of gold. It was just
  that she was pretty an’ so full of life that
  there was them who should have been
  her friends that weren’t. Why, for
  meanness, Hilda Safford hasn’t got her
  like, an’ Hilda Safford was Mary’s guard-
  een. Oh, Mr. Thomas, you mustn’t think
  because she tuck to play actin’ that there
  was any bad in her. Why, I know how
  hard she worked an’ starved.” She
  stopped again and looked, puzzled, at the
  man before her. “Why,” she murmured,
  “I thought it was just us poor, ignorant
  countries who held by them ideas. I
  didn’t think there was city folks so plum’

foolish—but—well—I guess now as we
two run-aways can take care of each
other—that is, if you’re sure I won’t be
in the way?”

  Mary put a shaking arm about her
friend’s shoulders.

  “You’re just a—a dear!” she whis-
pered.

  Mr. Thomas smiled whimsically.

  “Well, people, let’s get out. Don’t
forget, Margot, you’ve got to stop
at the theatre and see Marslo. They’re
changing the curtain in the second act,
and the new costumes for the third act
interpolated song came last night.

  She nodded absently as she preceded
them into the hall. Miss Peck glowed.
This was more exciting than pink silk
underwear. The theatre, in the morn-
ing, when only theatre people were al-
lowed ! It amazed her that Mary Allen
seemed rather bored.

  As they walked down the dingy alley
to the stage door, Miss Peck experienced
all the thrills of a conspirator. Fire es-
capes, freckled scenery, men in overalls
rushing stiff banks of artificial flowers,
the chill of housed, stale air—here was
adventure at last!

  In the darkling depths of the stage a
piano sounded, a loud voice cried an im-
perative “Now, all together,” and a burst
of girlish voices rose in a swinging rag-
time tune.

  “That's a hummer, that new number.”
The playwright nodded his satisfaction.
“And I had to fire Cottlin, almost, to
make him rehearse it. Run along, Mar-
got, and get it over with. Don’t take all
day.”

  In a blind daze of happiness Miss Peck
followed in the wake of the star, but
hung back shyly as, with businesslike
directness. Miss Fontaine buttonholed a
stout and protesting gentleman. Miss
Peck glanced over her shoulder and gave
a little gasp of delight. Was "this
Heaven?

  A long, windowless room was illumi-
nated by a brilliance of electric bulbs.
18	Her Groove

that shone and glittered on spangles and
tulle, satins and sequins, reds, blues,
greens—all the colors of the rainbow in
prismatic showers. In the far corner a
half-dressed girl stood before a kneeling
colored woman, who' deftly adjusted a
too voluminous costume to the contours
of the prospective wearer. The girl was
pretty, with a coarse picturesqueness that
fitted well with the parrot brilliance of
her surroundings.

  Miss Peck sighed with delight. Here
at last was beauty, light, color, youth, all
the things she had worshiped from afar
with such longing. The shine of the
artificial light on bare necks and arms,
the gloss of rippled hair, with its keen
high lights, the contrast of the maid's
brown profile against the lemon yellow of
a tinseled cape—it was Romance.

  “You lookin' for Miss French?” the
colored attendant inquired. “She ain’t
here yet. Blamed if she hasn't got the
pip most of die time,” she grumbled.
'This show'll ditch if they don’t get a
wardrobe woman as sticks on the job.”
“I'm here with Miss—Miss Fontaine,”
Miss Peck murmured.

  The woman glanced at her surprised,
nodded acceptance, and turned to thread
a needle from an orange spool.

  “Oh, there you are!” It was Mary’s
voice behind tyer. “I thought I’d lost
you. What ai*e you doing in the chorus
dressing-room ?”

  "Oh,” gasped Miss Peck, "ain't it
beautiful? Ain’t it beautifulI—I
cud just set here forever an' see all them
pretty things. I’d just like to tech ’an
all with my fingers.”

  Mary Allen’s face flickered with
amusement and sobered to sympathetic
earnestness.

  “Why, Ldo believe you were born to
be a wardrobe woman. Why, Miss Eliz-
abeth, perhaps it’s your groove!” She
looked into her companion’s ecstatic face,
and her own saddened with memories.
' And what a friend you’d be to them,
Miss Elizabeth. Why you’d be a God-

send. you would, you and your dear, big
goodness. I—we’ll have to think about
that. Why, you—you’d mother them
all!”

  With a tramping of feet on the stairs
aud giggles at the door, the released cho-
rus entered the dressing-room with a shy
greeting to Miss Fontaine—blondes, bru-
nettes, redheads, Pick ford curls, and
Dutch bobs; tall and “pony,” glittering
in their new “feature” costumes. Their
young stir and bustle was like the noisy
chittering of birds. If a contented hen
could smile, her expression would doubt-
less duplicate that on Miss Peck’s face.

  Regretfully she turned, threading her
way amid the maze of “props” to the
stage entrance, with its mail rack and
the cubby of the guardian of wonderland.
But even as she turned into the narrow
entry, the door opened with a vicious
slam. Silhouetted against the light, tall,
gaunt, and menacing, stood John Peck.

 “Well His voice boomed in the
echoing halL “So, here’s where you are!
Disgracin’ me, disgracin’ yourself! Oh,
it didn't take me long to find ye, when
I heard that Mary Allen was here, mas-
queradin’ as 'Miss Fontaine.’ I come in
on the first train this mornin’, and the
hotel, they sent me here. And lemme
tell you, I'll have 110 more of this!”

  Mary Allen pushed past her friend
and faced the intruder.

  “John Peck,” she ordered sharply, “go
away and leave us alone.” She glowed.
“Miss Elizabeth’s coming with me, and
you’ll not interfere with her—do you un-
derstand !”

  “I won't, won’t I?” he jeered. “Let
me tell you, Miss Fontaine—Mary Allen
as was—let me tell you that I’ll prove
in court that you ain’t no fit companion
for my sister, no, nor any respectable
female woman. Oh, you needn't think
we don’t hear nothin' down our way—
you an’ your writer man—travelin’ round
the country with ye. Why, the first re-
porter I asked at the News office, told
me what everybody was a sayin’. I
Ethel Watts Mumford

19

guess we’ll Viev no more of your lip, Miss
Fontaine. And as fer you, Elizabeth
Peck, go get yer darned Tom-cat, an’ go
home, where ye belong!”

  tylary fell back a few short paces.
  “Oh!” she gasped. “Oh!"

  Miss Peck recovered her voice with a
snap.

  “Me nor my cat will have nothin' more
to do with you, John Peck—never, for
what ye dare to say against Mary Allen.
Neither me, nor my friends, nor my cat,
nor my money, is none of yours!”
"Thank you, Miss Peck.” A calm
voice behind them spoke, and Robert
Thomas stepped forward. With a cour-
teous inclination he passed the two
women. “Mr. Peck,” he drawled, “I
want to explain something, and I’ll see
that that explanation is in every paper
to-morrow. Miss Fontaine, or Miss Al-
len—I don’t in the least care which, has
done me the honor to consent to become
my wife. I think, in view of your very
enlightening insults, the sooner the bet-
ter.”

  Mary, with a sudden, choking gasp,
turned and buried her face on Miss
Peck’s shoulder. Her whole body was
tense, and the hands that clutched her
friend’s thin arms were shaking.

  “And now that that’s understood, Mr.
Peck, I’ll add that your sister will be our
very welcome guest. And I'll remark
that if you importune her in any way,
it will be the worse for you!”

  John Peck laughed.

  “Ye can tell all that to the marines,”
he jeered, “but I’ll take that fool woman
outer your clutches, if I hev to hev her
judged incompetent.”

  “John Peck, John Peck 1” Miss Eliza-
beth's voice rang with menace. “If you
don’t git, an’ git quick, I’ll sue you for
every red cent you ever borrowed from
me, I will; an’ I know about yer bank
account, John, the one you keeps on the
quiet over to Boston. An’ what’s more,
when some as I know of finds out about
that there Boston account, I guess you’ll

learn to pay yer honest dues, an' leave
them that’s only askin’ to live honest in
their own groove, alone!”

  A look of blank amazement settled on
John Peck’s face. His clenched hands
relaxed and began to fumble nervously
at his pockets. He moistened dry lips,
cleared his throat, and stepped back.

  “You can go to perdition 1” he croaked.
“Yer no sister of mine.”

  He heaved his broad shoulders through
the narrow doorway, and the clack of his
retreating steps sounded in the alley.

  Robert Thomas turned. The hand
that he laid on Mary’s heaving shcalder
was very gentle.

  “I guess you were right,” lie said soft-
ly. “I’ve—my vision has been wrong—
about women.”

  The girl turned to him with a sob.

  Miss Peck smiled benignly on them
both, with the sweetness of one who
knows no guile. Then her lips twitched ;
her rusty laugh broke out.

  “My!” she ejaculated. “Weren’t it just
Providcnce that I guessed right? I've
always been certain he was miserin' over
to Boston—but I didn’t know till I saw
his jaw plumb fall off.”

  Giggling and nudging, like a boarding
school released, the show girls began to
riot down the chute. The turbulent
stream sobered respectfully as it bubbled
past the author and the star, and broke
again into ripples of talk and laughter
as young feet danced down the hard
flagstones to the street.

  Miss Peck sighed happily.

  “Ain’t they sweet—ain’t they just
sweet? I wonder how all their mothers
can do without ’em. My! It must be
lonesome when they go.” She sighed
again. “Law, it jest rests me to look at
'em. ’Pears like I found my groove.”
The playwright turned toward her. the
light of sudden understanding in his eyes.

  "As I live!” he exclaimed, “I’ve got you
—I’m on. I’ll be hanged if you aren’t
the Mother Superior of the Chorus!
That’s what—the Mother Superior!"
A LEAF FROM LIFE’S NOTEBOOK

By Lillian Bennet-Thompson

T IKE a statue he stood there, silent, motionless, while the traffic surged and

    roared behind him and a steady stream of pedestrians poured by in front. He
■was very tall—over six feet—with a pair of enormous shoulders and long, powerful-
looking arms. On the palms of his huge hands were great yellow callouses, showing
in striking contrast to the whiteness of the skin. It seemed strange that one who
had so evidently performed heavy manual labor should have skin so white and
smooth.

    His face, with its rugged, irregular features, might have been carved out of
stone, so expressionless it wfes. His back was braced against a lamp-post, and in
one hand he held a slender sheaf of lead pencils.

    His hat was pulled well down over his forehead; he seemed to be looking fixedly
at the ground. But the eyes beneath the lowered lids were sightless, and the skin
about the empty sockets—skin pasty-white with that waxy, hospital pailor—was
thickly sprinkled, almost pitted, with powder marks. It was as if he wore a blue-
black mask over the upper part of his face.

    Occasionally someone in the busy, hurrying throng would stop and press a
coin into his hand; and then he would hold out the pencils and murmur: “Two for
five”; but no one ever took one. It was not the pencils they wanted, nor did they
dream that die vender would have given much had they bought his wares.

    How could they know of the storm of shame and humiliation that raged in his
soul, how suspect that every penny bestowed in kindly charity inflicted a deeper hurt
than had the blast at the powder mill which had robbed him of his sight?

    Charity! That was it. He was nothing now but a beggar, a parasite, subsisting
upon the bounty of others. He whose splendid strength had been his one pride, he
who was tireless, whose iron muscles had rejoiced in the performance of mighty
feats, was as helpless as a little child. Oh, the degradation of it!

    And yet—he must live; he must have food and clothes, and a roof to shelter him.

    Even now, he could hardly realize that there could be no more light for him,
that this thick, impenetrable darkness must endure forever. In the hospital, when
they had told him that he would be blind, he had still hoped against hope. Surely
when the bandages were taken from his eyes, he would be able to see. It could not
be possible that his sight was quite gone; it would come back gradually. It was
only when day had followed day, and week had followed week, that his bewildered
mind finally grasped the appalling truth. Blind, totally blind, forever !

    Hopeless, despairing, he had wanted to die—had tried to die; but the strength
that had been his pride and joy mocked him now. He was too vitally alive to die;
he must live on—and, since he could not work, he must beg.

    And so he stood there, while the traffic surged and roared behind him and a
steady stream of pedestrians poured by in front—stood there motionless, silent, with
a stolid, impassive iace. and a heart full of bitter, gnawing pain.

20
i

The Charlatan

    A NOVELETTE
    By Henry Payson Dowst

I

'■/AF course kickin’ doesn’t get me
anything,” said Strickland bit-
terly, “but I can’t "help telling
you it’s the mistake of your life.'’

  He leaned forward and caught at a
hand which the girl snatched away hast-
ily.

  “No,” said Anna Polenka softly. “No,
it doesn’t help you a bit with me to knock
Steve. You ought to be a better loser,

Joe.”

  The porch was narrow and rather close
to the street, but screened by a mass
of some tliickly-leaved, heavy-growing
vine that spread fanwise from post to
post. The air of the summer night was
hot and leaden. Anna could hear the
thready notes of a cheap phonograph
down the street, grinding ragtime from
a defective record.

  “I suppose so,” agreed Joe. “Still, I
hate to see you throw yourself away on
a fellow that—that—”

  “You better be careful,” warned Anna.
"Where did you get your license to pan
Steve Rivers? He's got five hundred
dollars saved up in the bank. That's
more than you can say. And he has a
good job too.”

  “Listen. Anna,” Joe said. “You can
call me a bad loser if you like. I made
a game fight and lost out. I wish I could
say it was to a better man. There’s lots
of fellows in this world might make 3-ou
abetter husband than me, and I wouldn’t
blame you. But Steve Rivers is a—

well, he just ain't fit for you. I know
him better’n you do, I guess. There’s
things about him I wouldn’t tell you. All
I got to say is, throw me down if you
want to, but, for God’s sake, don’t marry
Steve; because if you do, you'll regret it
as sure as I’m standing here.”

  Joe had begwn to move toward the
porch steps.

  “I always liked you, Joe; honestly,”
said Anna. “I liked you sometimes so
much I wasn’t sure whether I’d take
Steve or you. I hoped we’d part good
friends; but we can’t il you don’t be-
have nice. I know it’s hard for you;
but you’ll get over it. I wouldn’t won-
der if, in time, you’d be glad I decided
to marry Steve. You’ll see lots of girls
nicer than I am—prettier and everything.
Then youll forget about how much you
cared for me. or else wonder how you
could ever have been so foolish. So be
a good boy. and don’t spoil it all by knock-
ing the man that won out.”

  “But you don’t understand,” began
Joe argumentatively; then he stopped
short and made a hopeless gesture. “Aw,
what’s the use? A man that would try
to argue with a woman's a fool.” He
turned and clumped heavily down the
steps to the sidewalk, and was gone with-
out even the formality of a good night
Anna stood and watched him through the
chinks between the leaves of the screen-
ing vine. Then she sighed and went
gloomily into, the house and up to her
room to bed.

  Anna Polenka s father was a laborer

21
22

The Charlatan

in the Tudbury mills, a thrifty immigrant
from one of those far lands beyond
the central empires of Europe. In the
thirty years of his residence in America,
he had managed to save from his wages
enough money to pay for the little home
in which he and his family lived. Of
seven children, Anna was the youngest.
All the rest were married, and Radizlov
Polenka had already been presented with
several grandchildren. Anna helped her
mother about the house, and worked as
stenographer in the office of Mr. Gil-
christ, manager of the Tudbury mills.

  The girl was beautiful—dark, with
large, round eyes in which seemed at
times to dwell the mysteries of an un-
plumbed soul. Her hair, black and shin-
ing, she had tortured into the latest
fasliionable wave. Her lips, a carnation
red, smiled to show an amazingly white
set of absolutely perfect teeth. She pos-
sessed rich coloring, an almost olive dark-
ness of skin, as clear and smooth as satin,
with warm tints of pink. Her figure,
not yet fully formed, was roundly slen-
der, graceful as waving grass, firm as a
young sapling of beech.

  This vividness of color, the red and
olive tints, the black and glossy hair,
were not racial; for many of her father’s
nationality were blond. Like the occa-
sional American-bred girl of the dark
type, the Slav girl wfas a throwback to
some remote ancestral tribe, a drop of
whose swarthy blood had lived down
through the generations, at last to burgeon
forth in her warm check.

  Anna was, however, as much an Amer-
ican as the other children with' whom
she had grown up in that small manu-
facturing town. Her habits, her speech,
her mode of thought had been molded
by environment. She knew but few
phrases of the native tongue of her
parents, and used them seldom. In the
public schools she associated with girls
and boys whose parents were of all the
races that go to make up our polyracial
nationality.

  The Polenka home was small, common-
place, and comfortable; a cheap two-
story house, not very well built, but quite
like the other houses in the same neigh-
borhood. It had been last painted white,
with trimmings of giddy yellow, which
time had mercifully subdued. The nar-
row front piazza sagged somewhat, its
supporting posts settling deeper and deep-
er into the ground as years went by.
At the back, Polenka had a small garden
plot, in which he annually raised a variety
of kitchen vegetables and a few flowers.
Behind some lengths of drooping wire
netting, a dozen hens lived their uninter-
esting, if useful, lives.

  The interior aspect of this dwelling
was consistent with its exterior. The
furniture was cheap, much worn, unin-
spiring. The carpets were faded with
age and lacked nap in many spots. On
the wralls hung pictures lithographed in
contrasting colors, framed in oak, some-
times dingily ornamented with silver-
gilt. At the windows were coarse lace
curtains, quite clean and in fair repair.
The air of the house was usually per-
meated with some odor of homely cook-
ing. On Mondays the smell of soapsuds
filled the rooms; on Friday the aroma
of fried fish impinged upon one's nos-
trils.

  Not so long ago this house had been
full of children; but since the last of
Anna’s unmarried sisters had been taken
to wife by Jim Broom, who kept the
meat market half a block up the street,
only Polenka, his wife, and Anna re-
mained.

  “It ain’t bad—” Polenka said, remov-
ing his heavy boots and curling his tired
toes by the kitchen fire—“it ain’t bad to
have a little peace and quietness, eh?”

  “Not so much work,” agreed his wife,
“but God knows it’s lonesome. Often
I wish some of ’em was back.”

  “We gave them a good home long as
they stayed with us,” said Polenka com-
placently. This was true. There had
never been a day, even when his family
Henry Payson Dowst

23

had been at its numerical peak, when
IVienka had not seen tlrat all had enough
to eat, warn clothes, good beds. He had
done welL

  ‘ I hope Anna'll keep the reliows away
from her a while,'’ said Mrs. Polenka.
’'Not mnch chance, I guess; hut she’s dif-

\ nrr_M-,+ »	/

ierent,

  *Yes,'* sa:-d Pblenka. "I’d miss her
the worst of any of 'em. She's drtieren: ;
that's true. She's got brans. Anna has.
Maybe shell marry some rich feller.*'

  ‘’Yon cant tell. She’s odd. She reads
books, lots of books. She don't much
go to movies, like the ethers do. Often

I	look at her and wonder what is she's
thinking of, she’s so quiet."

  “A good girl,’’ said Pttfenka. hghting
his pipe.

  “A good girl,' Treated .Anna’s mother.
“If she does marry, I hope she cet? a
husband tbit wifl treat her nice. If he
didn't. I’d be sorry for her.*'

*	‘‘Maybe some one wen id need to be
sorry for the husband.'’ replied Polenka
grinning.

  That night when Joe Strickland had
gone angrily away. Anna climbed the
stairs to her room. Under even her light
tread, the stairs creaked dismally. The
night was hot and the house stuffy.

  Anna disrofeed slowly, sitting on the
edge of her bed. Her dresses, hanging
on chairs or on hooks along the wa
some snapshots of her friends, an infirm
ten- .is-racket tied with a bow of bloc rib-
bon over the bureau, three or four school
Bags—• ?ese rave the room a certain in-
dividuality. Anna had shared it with
her most recent fy married sister. The
rnrnitnre was of ash. with a great deal
of the varnish gone. Such as it was.
there was enough. On tire rocking chair
lay a cushion, a trifle dingy, embroidered
with the letters standing for Tudbury
High School.

  When Anna lighted the g3? and took
eft her clothes and put on her ■' i jhtg 4 'Wn,
she surveyed the room with a queer mix-
ture of emotions.

   In spite of the fact that this had been
her bedroom for some years, sl>e had
never cared much for it. Vaguely there
stirred within her a sense of the e:m-
roonf'.aoeness of this room. She had
never been contented in it. Her sister,
who had married Jim Broom, was now
living in a house that differed from the
PoJenka domicile only in the matter of
newness. Anna did not want to marry
a man who would give her nothing bet-
ter than this. Her mother regarded her
daughter's room as bordering upon the
luxurious; but Anna was snve that, if
she chose the right husband tl>ere were
elegancies to which she might reasonably
aspire, and of which her mother had
but slight conception.

  A phonograph playing die latest dance
record did not satisfy Anna’s craving
for melody. A lithograph of a very red
cow drinking green water ou: of a brook
on the banks of which pink daisies grew
in wild profusion. was somehow lacking.
Having been brought up cm this sort of
thing, the girl should have become habitu-
ated to it; but she never had.

   She -was hllcd v-.-Jtli ihsoooteat- She
t‘dr both ungracious and ungrateful, and
would not for the world have allowed
her parents to know she was anything
but perfectly happy. Nevertheless, she
did not intend to marry into another
home like her father's.

  Joe Strickland ^.as a freight dert at
the Tttdburi raiimad station. He was
not only clerk. Ite assisted at certain limes
o£ the day in unloading cars of conm»odi-
ties. a task which wore taJknssts, on
hi? hands and sometimes tore his dotbes.
Joe was good-looking, jovial, rather
domineering; and his pa;, was three dol-
lars a day. To Anna PoSeska. three dol-
lars a day meant a small rented house,
cheaply famished and garishly orna-
mented. like her own or that of her sis-
ter.

  Joe loved her. of course. But Steve
Rivers, who worked in the Tudbury
National Bank, got twenty-five dollars a
24

The Charlatan

week and had, he said, a savings account
of five hundred dollars. Steve was, then,
a man of substance and prospects. He
had made a start in life. If she married
Steve, they could go to board at the
-Tudbury House, have a room and a bath
of their own, and eat in the dining-room,
where they would be waited on by young
ladies in starchy white aprons.

  There was some class to that.

  Anna had liked Joe Strickland enough
to wish he had the bank job and that
Steve were the freight clerk. That would
make tilings ever so much better. But
of course she was fond of Steve, and
when they had been married a while she
would love him very heartily, especially
if his twenty-five a week grew to fifty
and they could expand their one room
and bath at the Tudbury House into a
suite to include a “Parlor.’’

  Life was rather a complex affair,
Anna thought as she turned off the gas
and crept into bed. From another room
along the corridor, she heard her father
snoring. She hoped Steve would not
snore.

   Lying there in the dark, thinking about
the future, she had a little heartache,
which she mistakenly diagnosed as a
headache. She hoped she hadn’t been
mean to Joe Strickland; but it certainly
wasn’t very generous of him to pan Steve
Rivers just because Steve had certain
things which Joe lacked. It would have
been a lot nobler of Joe to say something
magnanimous about his successful rival.
Anna was quite sure she should have wept
a bit if he had; and fliis would have
been mournful and romantic and fasci-
nating.

II

  In spite of her parents’ hope that she
would “keep the fellows away from her
a while,” Anna Polenka was before long
the wife of the opulent Steve Rivers,
and went to live at the Tudbury House.
Thus was realized her ambition to be

waited on by the starcby-aproned god-
desses of the Tudbury House dining-
room, and to avoid the fate of other girls
who wedded commonplace husbands and
lived in shoddy, building-and-loan-asso-
ciation homes.

  Poor Anna! The fulfilment of her
dream was hardly less evanescent than
the vision itself. The sojourn of* Mr.
and Mrs. Rivers among the small-town
splendors of’the Tudbury House lasted
but three or four months. The five hun-
dred dollars Steve had said he had saved
up proved to be a myth ; and his salary
of twenty-five dollars a week was quite
inadequate to support his wife and him
in the style to which they wished to
become accustomed.

  Having been served with notice to
vacate the room and bath, the couple
went to live in the paid-for dwelling' of
Radislov Polenka, laborer.

  “I’m glad to have Anna back. She
helps me so much around the house and
no longer now am 1 so lonesome/’ Mrs.
Polenka told her husband.

. “Sure," Polenka agreed. “If they pay
regular the board money, it ain’t so bad.
But you want to watch out; not for noth-
ing am I going to take care of them,
with Steve earning in the bank bigger
pay than I have ever made. The two
of them should save."

  “If they wasn’t in debt. That Steve’s
got no idea about money. At the hotel
they owed over two hundred dollars when
they left, and paying that up will take
forty weeks if they give five dollars a
week.”

  “And Anna with two diamond rings,
big as strawberries! And clothes and
hats—! Where you think they got such
things, eh?”

  “Easy payments. More debts. If the
bank knew it, maybe they’d fire Steve.
They have to be careful who they hire,
handling other people’s money.”

  Mrs. Polenka sighed. Anna, the
youngest, flower of the Polenka brood,
who had displayed the best mind of all,
Henry Payson Dowst

25

who had given promise of the brightest
future, was married to a ne’er-do-well.
He had fooled Anna and all the rest,
with his bank job and his big talk and his
lies about thriftily saved assets.

  “Too bad she didn’t marry Joe Strick-
land," said Polenka, sucking at his pipe.
“A good boy. I hear he’s gone away;
but some day he amount to something,
sure enough.”

  “Too bad. Maybe Steve learn a les-
son from this and turn over a new leaf.
He'd better. It ain’t alone him and Anna
he's got to support.”

 “What?”

  “Sure. Anna told me yesterday.”
“Young fools! Well, I hope Steve
keep his job. If he does, all right. No
more diamond rings, no more fine clothes.
But children is a good thing sometimes.
You know how it was with me, before I
got married.” The man puffed his pipe,
thinking back across the years.

  ¥Yes,’' said his wife. “A good thing
you married right and got a family to
support. You steadied down pretty
quick, Pit say that for you.”

  “You take credit that you made a man
of me, eh?”

 “If Anna made so good a man of
Steve, she would do well,” said Mrs.
Polenka.

  But Anna did not do as her mother
had done. Probably it was because she
had inferior material to work on. Steve
Rivers did not improve under respon-
sibility. Instead, he went utterly to
pieces. He was not the stuff of which
men are built.

  One night Steve failed to appear at
supper. Next day it transpirod that the
bank missed some thousands of dollars
in currency. The sensation created by
news of this defalcation spread quickly
throughout the little city.

  Anna^^rmed, almost theatrical in her
distress. That unsatisfied mystery in her
black eyes now became a sombre light
of pain and protest. How she had
planned and schemed to get away from

this atmosphere of boiled cabbage and
shabby carpets, this barren life of com-
monplaces ; and the means she had taken
to escape it had ouly thrown her back
upon it, chained her more inexorably to
it.

  She had been as grossly l>etrayed as
any deceived woman could be, married
or not. A crimsoning shame flamed in
her cheeks when she thought of going out
into the streets of Tudbury, where her old
friends would look askance at the wife of
a felon, in quite as unbearable a man-
ner as that in which they would have
regarded the dupe of some village Love-
lace.

  But when Anna’s spirit crept back
from the blur of pain into the conscious-
ness of that new being in the bend of
her arm, she realized suddenly that here
was the beginning of life for her. This
realization was as yet chaotic, amor-
phous, intangible; but it was there. She
knew it meant* fight, not alone for her-
self, but for the boy. With what weapons
was she to make war against an adverse
fate? She doubted not they would be
ready to her hand.

  Anna Rivers was a good girl, large
of heart, possessing a soul of fundamen-
tal strength. The things life made her
do in order to beat fate at its own game
were done because Anna had, if any-
thing, too much imagination. She was
an essential strategist, an opportunist;
and tliat she should take any unreasoned
step was quite out of line with her nature.
True, she had made a mistake in choosing
a husband on this basis; but she must
adhere to that philosophy of life which
had come down to her with her olive
skin and sombre eyes. Making a mistake
of judgment does not invalidate the prin-
ciple of judgments. It was simply that
she must try again.

  Having regained her strength, she de-
voted herself for a time to the care of
her child and to those simple tasks which
were her share of the burden of house-
keeping.
26	The Charlatan

  “Funny,” said Mrs. Polenka. “I’d be *
feeling terrible, with all that’s hap-
pened.” This to her husband, in one of
those intimate after-supper kitchen col-
loquies, when Anna was upstairs putting
little Stanley (her father insisted that
the name was Stanislaus) to bed.

  "Do you want to feel terrible?” asked
Polenka mildly.

  “No, I don't want to, but seems I ought
to, with the disgrace of that Steve and
all. But with Anna and the baby here,

I don't remember when I been so con-
tented. We get along good.”

  “Well, you got a right. Something
is coming to you, to pay for all you
been through. If you can get any com-
fort, I guess you’re welcome to it. Any-
how, we can’t blame Anna. It ain’t her „
fault she’s unlucky.”

  “She’s talking about a job.”

  “Maybe it would be a good thing to
take up her mind. Only, she shouldn’t
think I ain’t willing to take care of her.”
“To-mdrrow she goes to see Mr. Gil-
christ at the mills. She thinks maybe he
will take her back.”

  “She’s got courage, anyhow. Let her
try it, if she wants to. I suppose she’d
feel more independent.”

  Mr. Gilchrist was only too glad to
•have Anna back in his office. She was
efficient and knew his work.

  “It seems like old times, Anna,” he
said, “to see that shiny black head of
yours around here. I’m sorry for—for
your troubles, child; hut I'm certainly
glad to have you with me again.”

  Anna smiled.

  “That’s nice of you,” she said. “Hon-
est, it does seem good to be back. I
was a little fool, Mr. Gilchrist. Now
I’ve got to pay; but people like you make
it easier for me. All the girls are good
to me, and none of them said a word
about—about anything. A few bad peo-
ple don’t make a bad world, do they?”
“No, Anna, they only make as appre-
ciate the good ones.”

  “ That’s right, Mr. Gilchrist. You

want to dictate? Maybe you’ll have to
go easy with me a few days till I get
back my shorthand. 1 guess I'm rusty.”

  For a while Anna Polenka settled into
something like the routine of her pre-
marital days—getting up, going to work,
coming home again, the same as of old.
Mrs. Polenka took care of the baby while
Anna was away. The child was a plump,
lusty little thing, dark like Anna, grow-
ing splendidly.

  Anna’s acquaintances said she was not
much changed from the old days. They
did not mark the deepening of those
mysteries in her dark eyes which they
had never been quite able to understand.
She was a little sobered by experience.
Still only eighteen years old, she was
mature in voice, in figure. Her touch
had a certain accuracy; her decision.^.-
were prompt and firm.

  “Anna’s more efficient than ever,” said
Mr. Gilchrist. He was a fatherly soul,
white-haired and rather benevolent, a
business man of the old school, who be-
lieved the employer ought to keep in
personal touch with as many of his em-
ployees as possible. Machinelike effi-
ciency had never been introduced into
the Tudbury Mills; yet they made money.

  In the mill office, they called Anna
Miss Polenka. This was by her especial
request. She wanted to be back on the
old basis as far as possible. It is not
to be thought, however, that Anna was
contented. Like a frog trying to climb
out of a well, she had taken a one-foot
jump and fallen back two feet. But
she could see the clouds drifting across
the blue disk of sky above the well’s
mouth. She was sitting quietly on a
bit of driftwood, contemplating these
clouds and watching how pleasantly the
sun burnished their silvery edges. They
looked very far away. It was no use
making another desperate leap for free-
dom. Better to wait quietly for a while.
Fate might some day lower a bucket,
in which she could steal a free ride to
daylight.
Henry Payson Dowst

27

III

   “And if,” dictated Mr. Gilchrist, “we
find it possible to pet sufficient cars, we
shall arrange to make the shipment on
or about— Why, Miss Polenka—Anna
child—what’s the matter?”

  Anna had ceased to take notes. She
was gazing with a curious fixity at a
shiny paper weight on her employer’s
desk. It was a globe of heavy glass, lined
with quicksilver—a spherical mirror,
in fact, which gave forth distorted re-
flections of everything. Anna had seen
it hundreds of times, for Gilchrist had
kept it on his desk for years.

  Now, however, she was regarding it
like a person hypnotized. Her usually
full-colored cheeks were pale olive; her
lips were parted, her eyes wide-open and
staring.

  “Anna, Anna!” persisted Gilchrist.
“Pay attention; I’m die— Say, you’re
not ill or anything?”

   The girl held up a warning hand.

   “Don’t,” she said. “Please—it’s Don-
ald.”

   “Donald,” repeated Gilchrist. “Don-
ald ? What about Donald ?”

  Donald was his son, a boy of about
eighteen.

   “It turns and turns and turns,” said
Anna. “No; it’s wheels. And there’s
something—a tree—a telegraph-pole—
Oh!”

  She stopped, and seemed to try to
tear her gaze from the silvered globe.

  Her employer showed marked irapa-
i tience.

   “What the devil ?” he grumbled. “The
t child’s gone crazy. Say, Anna, this is
i business hours; no time for rehearsing
t private theatricals.”

   “It is Donald, it is\ He’s all white,

•	\nd covered with dirt, and there’s blood
—blood o^his face—”

   “What’s tfiat?” cried Gilchrist. “What
r re you saying? What sort of rig-
t larole—”

   “Wheels and wheels and wheels, and

blood, and a telegraph pole, and a little
white house with windows broken out
and nobody living in it—and a mail box
in front. Oh, what’s that name ? Bright -
man—Brinkerman—”

  “Brinkerson—Brinkerson!” cried Gil-
christ. “That’ll be the old Brinkerson
place where the family all died of diph-
theria two years ago. Good Lord! Here,
Miss Kennedy, Miss Gates, come here,
quick! Miss Polenka’s fainted. Get her
into the rest room and call Doctor White.
I’ve sot to go!”

  He clapped on his hat and left the
office on the run. Out into the factory
yard, fie rushed, shouting for someone
to open the garage doors and the big
gates in the enclosure fence. In five
minutes he was stopping before the home
of his own family physician.

  “You'll think I’m loony,” he shouted,
“coming here and kidnaping you this
way—wild goose chase and all that.”
They went tearing through the suburbs
of Tudbury, defying all the local anti-
speed ordinances.

  “Most uncanny thing that ever hap-
pened to me. Don’t believe in any such
rot; but, my God! suppose it should be
true! Suppose Donald had been hurt!
Say, Doc. how far would you call it to
that old deserted Brinkerson place?”
“Matter of thirteen miles.”

  “Promise, if nothing comes of this,
you’ll never tell a human being,” said
Gilchrist. “Fancy my losing my head,
all on account of the crazy vaporings of
a girl. I guess her troubles have upset
her mind, poor young one. Nice little
thing, too. She’s the one that Rivers
married and deserted—you remember.
Then came back to me—mighty spunky-
little thing."

  Gilchrist, excited, incredulous, wild
with anxiety, kept his foot on the ac-
celerator, and the runabout bounced mad-
ly along the country' road.

  “Of course there’s nothing to it. . . .
Great Scott! There’s Brinkerson’s,
28

The Charlatan

and— God, Doc! The girl told the

truth!"

  In a small town like Tudbury. you
can't keep a thing like that dark. Anna
said she didn’t remember what happened,
except that as Mr. Gilchrist dictated, she
found herself looking at the shiny paper
weight; and then she felt rather drowsy,
and thought she wasn’t really paying
careful attention to her employer's dicta-
tion. Then, next thing she knew, she
was on the couch in the first-aid room,
and the girls were rubbing her hands
and holding smelling-salts to her nose.

  But Mr. Gilchrist said that Donald’s
life had undoubtedly been saved by the
prompt arrival of the doctor at the scene
of the accident. The boy’s car had
thrown a shoe, and, swerving, crashed
into the telegraph pole. He was ter-
ribly hurt; but he would be well again
in time. But if he had been allowed to
lie there in the road until picked up by
some chance passer-by, he would assured-
ly have died.

  All this amazed Anna Polenka no
less than it amazed her friends; and the
repute of her exploit was a source of
some embarrassment, because people
came to her to ask for the benefit of her
occult power for all sorts of reasons.
Anna said she had no occult power; she
didn’t understand it any more than they
did. She wanted to be let alone. She
was not seeking publicity.

  Privately, however, she became exceed-
ingly curious. She wanted an explana-
tion, and there was no one whom she
could ask. She sought enlightenment in
books, and was at once led into a literary
iabyrinth from which, as long as she
lived, she never escaped. The bibliog-
raphy of the occult is endless, bottom-
less, and without horizon. But Anna
was a good reader. In an infinite hay-
stack of opinion, propaganda, theory,
doctrine, and experience she found, here
and there, an occasional needle of truth.

And, likewise, she learned that all who
professed to exercise occult powers, who

claimed to tell fortunes, or in any wa
elucidate the unknown, were regarded
as charlatans and humbugs.

  Meanwhile, she went her way, pur-
suing the even routine of existence to
all outward seeming; but, having learned
that, for certain types of mentality, it
is possible to induce self-hypnosis
through the fixed contemplation of some
shiny object, she stealthily possessed her-
self of a glass ball, and in the privacy
of her room sought, through its means,
to adventure into the unknown. The
result was a period of unconsciousness
lasting some time, which frightened her
mother into a spasm and left Anna with
a twenty-four-hour headache and a feel-
ing as if she had been doing hard manual
labor without rest.

  However, there were times when she
became what the books called “highly
psychic." These came at irregular in-
tervals. The manifestations were as
quixotic as they were spasmodic.

  She was invited to supper in the home
of a neighbor. Directly in front of her
stood a silver-plated sugar bowl. Anna
suddenly touched the hand of little Molly
Finney, who sat next her, and announced
in sepulchral tones that Molly must be
kept from school next day. The school-
house caught fire on the morrow and
some of the children had narrow escapes.

  This is only one instance of a score.
But when Sadie Sadlowitz came one eve-
ning to the Polenka house and asked
if Anna wouldn't please "go into a
trance” and tell her why Moe Feingold
had stopped keeping company with her,
Anna gazed in vain into the crystal
depths; and Sadie went home declaring
that she didn’t see nothing wonderful
about Annie Rivers, and she for one
would bet them stories about her being
a clear voyn’t was all bunk, so there
now.

  But the result was far different when
Mrs. Irving van Sicklen, from the “se-
lect” part of Tudbury, came to Anna’s
home in a limousine and told the girl
Henry Payson Dowst

29

  a touching story of domestic infelicity.
  Mrs. van Sicklen was lovely, gentle, good
  as an angel. Anna Polenka knew what
  it meant to have a husband ill-treat one,
  and her heart went out in sympathy to
  her visitor. In the subdued light of the
  Polenka parlor she sat and held Mrs.
  van Sicklen’s hand and talked softly to
  her. But the crystal would yield noth-
  ing. Yet the woman was so insistent,
  so distressed!

    Heavy-hearted, Anna went through the
  motions of what she had learned to call
  a “sitting.” She couldn’t bring herself
  to disappoint her visitor; and so, with
  some hesitation, but using her native
  shrewdness and adroitness, she patched
  together a demonstration that warmed
  Mrs. von Sicklen’s chilled heart.

    “I see some sort of crowd,” said Anna.
  “This woman—she’s medium to dark-
  complexioned—”

    “Dark,” said Mrs. van Sicklen.
“Hush,” said Anna. “You mustn't
talk. He met her some place where there
were lots of people—a reception. I can
see people dancing—”

    “At a theatre party.”

    “It's the people on the stage that are
  dancing,” said Anna hastily. “I get it
  now. But he—he doesn’t really care for
  her! She’s too—too shallow. She—she’d
  never hold him; she isn’t like you.”
  “That is true,” said Mrs. van Sicklen.
  “She has no depth—she’s just pretty.”
  “Don’t you notice it,” said Anna.
  “Pretend you don’t care. This is—is
  only a passing—er—phase.”

    Out of the books she had picked up
the patter naturally, and made it her
i own.

    “I see a lot of paper—paper, paper,

\ paper. Do you write?”

    “A little—poems and songs—”

    To herself, the girl said: “That was
r a long shot, landed, though.”

    Then, to her client: “Keep writing;
l it will lead to something. Perhaps it
i means fame—perhaps not. It will—will
fcalm your mind. You have talent.”

  And so it went. At the end of half
an hour, Mrs. van Sicklen arose, reas-
sured, happy, confident.

  “Oh, Miss Polenka,” she said, “I can’t
tell you how much you’ve helped me!
You will forgive my intrusion into your
home, won’t you. I was in such dis-
tress ”

  Anna looked about at the shabby hang-
ings, the cheap furniture, the garish wall
paper. Home!

  “It’s nothing,” she said. She felt like
a burglar. “Honestly, it was just be-
tween us, Mrs. van Sicklen. I know how
a woman feels. It’s sympathy between
two people like you and me, people who
have suffered.”

  “You mean, it’s the sympathy that
makes the psychic manifestation possible?
Of course. But I thought you went into
a trance.”

  “Oh, no; not always. It's the vibra-
tions, you know. People that are strong-
ly psychic vibrate in harmony; and that
makes it unnecessary to employ the more
radical methods.” Anna was mentally
grasping in the air for the right words
—and actually getting away with it.

  “It’s wonderful,” said Mrs. van Sick-
len. “Let me pay you.”

  “Oh!” cried Anna, her cheeks flaming.
“Oh, please, please don't! I couldn't
take it, really. I never could let
you—”

  “I have taken your time,” persisted
the lady. “I shall not feel that I can
come again if I am not to make it right
with you.”

  She laid some crisp banknotes on the
table and departed. Anna, quite dum-
founded by this unexpected development,
wondered afterward if she had been de-
cently polite.

  Then she looked at the money. There
was as much as she earned at the factory
in a fortnight. And she wasn’t entitled
to it, because she had fooled Mrs. van
Sicklen cleverly, adroitly—

  Well, Mrs. van Sicklen had fixed her
own price. If the sitting hadn’t been
30

The Charlatan

worth the money, she wouldn’t have left
it. She was the best judge of what it
meant to her.

  Anna picked up the bills. They repre-
sented new clothes for little Stanley and
a dressing sacque her mother had said
she couldn’t afford, and a big glass jar
of smoking tobacco for her father.

  She tucked the money into her dress
and went up to her room. There, be-
side her bed in his little crib, lay Stan-
ley, pink and warm, her baby; her little
boy. What was to be his future? He
was her responsibility. Steve Rivers had
unloaded it all upon her. Life was hold-
ing out the hand of a tax collector and
saying: “Here, young woman ! Pay up !”
Then, simultaneously, fate was ad-
vancing the money with which to pay.

  Anna leaned over the crib and lis-
tened to the gentle baby-breathing, caught
the baby-warmth of the tiny, sweet body.
He was so delicate, so fragile, with his
soft cheeks, and dark-fringed eyelids,
and rumpled-hair there on the pillow.
One tiny rose-leaf hand was upthrown
beside his head, a hand that clutched at
the heart of Anna Polenka.

  “God!” she said to herself. “If I’m
clever enough, how can I help it ? Shall

I	let him grow up like I did ? When I
have a chance to give him things, is
it right to pass it by? If I could only
see into that globe and find out what’s
best. I can tell the others, but I can’t
do anything for myself.”

  She undressed and lay down in the
bed, thinking and thinking. After a
while she cried into her pillow.

  “You little cheat!” she called herself.
“You little faker; charlatan; humbug!
You’ll never get away with it.”

  Finally she fell asleep; but it was
not before she had made a decision.

IV

  As you walk along Fifty-fifth Street,
approaching Fifth Avenue from the west,
you pass rows of tall houses of brown-

stone, with high front stoops. Many
of these houses possess a certain distinc-
tion, giving evidence that their dwellers
are of more than average prosperity.

  Up the steps of one of them on a crisp
Sunday afternoon in autumn, trotted a
young man, carrying a bulky kit bag.
He rang the bell and awaited impatiently
the answer to his summons. Presently
a maid came and swung back the grilled
iron door, admitting him into the white-
painted vestibule.

  “Why, it’s Master Stanley,” said the
maid.

  “Is Mother at home?” he demanded,
passing on into the hall.

  “Yes, sir; and she’ll be surprised to
see you. She wasn’t expectin’ you for
another week.”

  “I’ll go to my room, Nora; and you
can tell her I’ve come.”

  He bounded up the stairs and sought
his room on the third floor. It was a big,
comfortable apartment, furnished and
decorated in boyish taste, though with
a degree of luxury. Through an open
door he caught sight of a white porcelain
bathroom.

 “Gee!” mused the new arrival.
“That’s inviting. It’s good to get back.
Dear little Mumsy! She always has
everything so spick and span.”

' He felt travel-worn and dusty, having
come from more than halfway across the
continent. Hastily he disrobed, and after
a shower and rubdown. got into fresh
things. Standing before his dresser, ad-
justing his tie with meticulous exactness,
he heard a knock.

  “Come in,” he called.

  The door opened, and a woman en-
tered. She was a beautiful woman, vital,
glowingly alive. In her smooth cheeks,
delicately olive, were the lovely tints of
youth. Her hair, jet black, shone in
lustrous waves.

  But the wonder of her beauty lay
lareelv in her dark eyes, richly brown,
and now shining with the light of wel-
come.
Henry Payson Dowst

    “Stanley, dear!” she cried; and in-
  stantly she was in his arms.

    “Mumsy, little Mumsy! I'm so glad
  to see you 1 My, aren’t you a wonder!
  You look about twenty-five. No one
  could believe you were the mother of a
  great cub like me.”

    It was true. The woman seemed the
  personification of eternal youth. She
  retained a sweet girlishness of expres-
  sion, and years had not impaired the
  slenderness or grace of her figure. She
  was clad in a gown of some dark ma-
  terial, silken and rather clinging. At
  I sight of her one instantly recognized
  in her garments a nice feeling for fash-
  ion, that took from prevailing modes
  those effects which best suited her and
  somehow improved them by her adapta-
  tion.

    “You are a wonder,” cried Stanley*
  holding her at arm’s length. “None of
  | the debutantes have anything on you for
  looks,*Mumsy girl.”

    “Don't be silly, dear. I’m thirty-
j eight.”

    “No one would believe it.”

   “Nora said you had come. I was

 i reading-”

    “Yes; I told her to tell you. I wanted
  to freshen up a bit They let me off
  the bridge job a week sooner than I’d
  . ixpected, so I hustled East to surprise
  you. Let’s sit down and get tilings up
  :o date. How've you been ?”

    “Fine, as always, dear boy. Tell me,
  iid you make good? And do you like
  •our profession ? Is it going to keep you
  nterested ?”

  ! “Marvelous! Most interesting profes-
  . >on in the world. Yes, I think I did
  ASteke good. I’m to report downtown at
  »'.e 6rms New York office for a new
  risignment right away. They’re even

  11	“firing of send'jig me to China on a big
  .trtiiroad constnJtoon job.”

  J "Oh, honey! So far? When you've
    St got back ?”

    “Orders are orders, old dear. Besides,

  : ink of the experience! It’s great, be-

31

  iug sent all over the world. The firm’s so
  decent to me, too. I’m the only twenty-
  year-old engineer they have, and they
  hand me responsibilities some of the older
  chaps would give their shirts for.”

  “It's spendid, Stan, splendid. I’m so
proud of you! But it you go to some
far-away place—well, I think I’ll close
the house and leave town. I think I’ll
buy a little farm and have some chickens,
and just live a peaceful, old-lady exist-
ence back in the country.”

  “Don’t be absurd, Mumsy. Still, that
farm idea isn’t so bad. When I come
back, maybe I’ll have a wad of money, so
I can settle down with you and be your
farm superintendent. As an engineer, I
cou!d at least lay out a water supply and
keep your fences in repair.”

  “Small hope of that, boy. You’ll never
be contented to settle down—until you
marry; and 1 hope that won’t be so very
soon.”

  “How arc you getting on, Mumsy?
I’ve nearly a thousand dollars saved from
my salary that I’ve no use for. Do you
have money enough for everything you

want?”

  Mrs. Gage looked sharply at her son.
  “Why, Stanley, what an idea!”

  “Well, I didn't know. Living costs a
lot, and 1 was a big expense to you while
I was in technical school. I’ve some-
times wondered if the money' Father left
was enough. You won’t have to worry
after another year or two, because I'll
probably be making barrels one of these
days. Just now I’m not much help; but
I want you to know I realize how splen-
did you’ve been, and that I do fed a lot
of responsibility, especially if—”

  “How you talk, Sonny mine! There
isn’t the slightest need of your worrying
about me. I’ve plenty, dear.”

  She spoke with such emphasis that the
boy was quite convinced. But m her
soul the beautiful ^{rs. Gage knew that
things were not as she had pictured them
Stanley’s education had cost her thou-
sands of dollars. The Fifty-fifth Street
32

The Charlatan

house was a big expense. Yet she loved
the comfort of it, and shuddered when
she thought of giving it up.

  There were bills unpaid that were past
due. Her credjt was still unimpaired,
but she knew that unless payments were
made before long, this condition would
not hold.

  Anna Gage was, in truth, a creature
made for luxury. To lie blissfully laie
in the morning, to arise and bathe in
perfumed water tempered to perfection
by an assiduous maid, to breakfast
daintily—these things were a habit
grown strong from indulgence.

  Somewhere in her memory awoke at
times the picture of a shabby house,
ill-painted, cheaply furnished; of a room
from whose ashwood chairs large patches
of varnish had scaled; of a home where
comfort went hand in hand with cheap-
ness—a good home, it was true, owned
outright by grace of endless payments
to the building-and-loan association.

  But such pictures always made her
cringe. Well, she had been generous.
Never a month went by without a check,
mailed in a letter full of affectionate
messages. Anna Gage's conscience was
easy on that score.

  She patted her son’s big, capable hand,
as they sat together on a wicker cliaise
longue, her warm cheek resting against
his shoulder, her eyes full of a proud
light as she realized the manly strength
in the boy’s face. Suddenly she sprang
to her feet and confronted him. He
looked up at her, wide-eyed, a little
startled.

  "Why, Mumsy 1”

  “Money!” cried Anna Gage. "What’s
money? Nothing, Stanley, nothing, ex-
cept a means to an end; and with me
that end has always been you/'

  She dropped on her knees in front of
him and put up her arms about his neck.

  “Boy, boy,” she cried, "thank you,
thank you, for being what you are!
\ hank you for all you’ve tlone to justify
my love and my faith in you. I’m so

proud of you, so very proud of you.
And you know, you’re all I’ve got. Don’t
talk about money. Money’s done a lot
for us—but if I could have accomplished
the same thing by taking in washing.
I'd have done it cheerfully ; and I’d have
been happy and proud of my success.
Sonny boy!”

  To Stanley, there was something em-
barrassing about this unexpected show
of emotion. He had never seen his
mother this way before. He didn’t
understand it, not knowing what lay be-
hind it all. Words came with difficulty,
and he felt the best he could do was to
tuck her face down against his collar
and stroke her hair and call her the lov-
ing diminutives that had always passed
current between them.

  "It’s been splendid of you/’ he kept
saying. "Splendid! I know you would
do anything for me; but pretty soon it’ll
be my turn. And if you want to live
on a farm, you shall have just the grand-
est farm in Westchester County or Long
Island or anywhere. I’ll buy it for you.”

  The dwelling of Mrs. Gage was a
model of taste. The rooms were of
good size, cheerful, artistically homelike. )
There were pictures excellently chosen
—not in profusion, but more than mak-
ing up in character what they lacked in *
numbers. The rugs on the floors were *
soft and rich, the furniture dainty, grace-
ful, yet sound and substantial. There
were no heavy, shrouding draperies, but,
instead, hangings that rather inclined to
flufiiness, indescribably feminine, and for
that reason, as charming as they were I
appropriate to Anna Gage.

  But there was one room in the Gage-j
home which differed radically from all I
the others—Anna's study.

  It was in the middle of the house,
and had no windows. Most of the fur- -
niture was of heavy, dark wood, in man;«
Henry Payson Dowst

33

  eases elaborately carved. In the centre
  stood a great flat-topped desk, as solid
  as a mountain* and seemingly as antique.
  There were no pictures, for the walls
  were covered with dark-hued tapestries.

    The only light in this apartment came
  from a curious, pierced metal lamp sus-
  pended from the ceiling by chains; and
  this lamp was so arranged that its rays
  fell mostly upon the desk top. When Anna
  Gage sat at this desk, one saw her face,
  quite vividly lighted against a background
  of half-penetrable gloom.

   There were books on the desk and
 in cases near by, old books, many of them
 bound in leather already tattered, faded,
 like the integuments of a mummy. It
 was quite possible to read a book lying
 on the ancient desk; but in any other
 part of the room, the types were quiie
 indiscernible.

    In the exact center of the desk stood
  a globe of some translucent substance,
  perhaps four or five inches in diameter.
  This globe seemed to possess a certain
  iridescent, opaline quality, like a vast
  pearl, but with more vivid fires. It had
  about it something of “aliveness”; one
  could not think of it as mere inert solid.
  In it the rainbow colors seemed to ebb
  and flow, to swirl and sweep, like some
  restless, molten liquid; yet if you looked
  close, you could not detect this motion.
  It was an impression, fantastic, disturb-
  ing, and quite intangible.

    Faintly, throughout the room, wafted
an odd, mysterious odor, subtly sweet,
suggesting a delicately fragrant smoke.
Vet there was no censer, no occult-look-
jing tripod or altar, no suggestion of
) Oriental rite or shrine. The odor came
' and went in gentle waves, now very
i noticeable, now almost imperceptible.

    Anna Gage sat at her desk and slowly
  turned the leaves of a book. She looked
  very beauCful, very alluring, and there.

■	in the careiWly arranged light, the rays-
  ; tery in her great sombre eyes was deep-
  ifned and enhanced.

    A knock preceded the entrance of Miss
  s—i.. s.

 Brooks, the secretary, who laid a slip
 of paper on the desk. Miss Brooks was
 comely, simply dressed, the exemplifica-
 tion of absolute silence, absolute circum-
 spection.	_

 “She may come in,” said Anna.
 Presently a young woman entered.
 She was weeping; more than that, she
 was frightened.

 “Sit down, my dear." said Anna kind-
 ly. “You came from Mrs. Bird?”

 “Yes, Miss—I mean, Missis.”

 “What did Mrs. Bird tell you?”

 “I wint to her an’ towld her I—I
 heered iv a Mrs. Gage that give people
 advoice, and did she know you. An’
 she said she did; an’ she give me the note
 to you, so I come.”

 “Let me see your hand, please.”

 The visitor extended a reddened palm,
 at which Mrs. Gage looked intently.

 “I sec,” she said.

 “Yis, ma’am,” replied Maggie.

 Anna picked up the iridesceut globe
 and set it on a little silken cushion quite
 close to the edge of the desk.

 “Now, Maggie,” she said, “look cn
 there very carefully and tell me what
 you see.”

 Maggie shrank back.

 “Oh, I don’t dare; I don’t dare.”
 Nevertheless, she managed to fix her
 gaze on the colorful depths.

 Anna laid a light hand on the girl’s
 forehead.

 “What do you see?”

 Maggie’s eyes widened; her mouth
 opened.

 “Mv God!” she breathed. “It’s Din-
 ny!” '

 “Anything else?”

 “He’s walkin’, walkin’, walkin’. An’
 thitn that’s wit’ him is follerin’ him,
 an’—”

 “The woman—what is she doing?”
 “There’s no woman—glory be, there’s
 no woman at all, at all!”

 Anna Gage snatched away the globe
 and began to talk gently, kindly; and the
 excitable Maggie made reply. None of
34

The Charlatan

these replies was without its significance.
At the end of half an hour, the girl arose.

“An' may God bless you. ma’am, for
the comfort you’ve been to me this day,”'
she said. “An’ how much do I owe you ?”
“Hush,” said Anna. “Run along now,
and stop worrying."

  “But I want to pay you.”

  “Put an extra dollar in the poor box
at mass next Sunday. Please give Mrs.
Bird my love, and ask her not to say
anything about sending you here. You
know I don’t do these things for money.”
The girl went away marveling, one
of the fortunate few who gained admit-
tance into that dim chamber.

  When she had gone, Anna gazed long
and deeply into the globe; but its opaline
currents only swirled meaninglcssly be-
fore her eyes, telling her nothing. It
had always been so. That strange clair-
voyance which she had at times been
able to exercise for the benefit of others
had never enabled her to see into her
own life’s mysteries.

  “Poor Maggie.” she routed. “Poor,
gullible creature. A little hypnotism, a
little sympathy, a little shrewd adroit-
ness— Lord help me! What a cheat f
am!”

  Miss Brooks entered with a card.
  “Yes ” said Anna. “I’ll see her.’’

  Far different from the previous caller
was Mrs. Torville Oxnard. She swept
into Anna's study with a sort of assur-
ance that was dangerously close to
condescension.

  “My dear!” she cried. "How well
you're looking S’’

  Instantly in Mrs. Gage’s manner ap-
peared a certain restraint.

  “Thank you; I'm quite well.”

  “I’ve called on such an important mat-
tf-r,” said Mrs. Oxnard; "and it’s so very
intimate too.” She seated herself beside
Anna’s desk. "I really must have your
advice. You’ve always helped me so
wonderfully ”

  Anna surveyed the woman coolly. She
was rather splendid, in a striking way.

Her garments were costly; on her hands
was a fortune in jewels. Anna knew
that her visitor was receiving the largest
alimony of any woman in New York.

  “It’s about—”

  “Don’t V’ cried Anna sharply. “You
mustn’t tell me. I don't want you to tell
me. You’ve no right to take a compara-
tive stranger into your confidence. Mrs.
Oxnard. I can’t accept that responsibil-
ity.”

  'Then, how are you going to help me,
if I don’t tell you?” Plainly, the recital
of her case was something to which she
had looked forward.

  “Your hand,’’ said Anna simply.

  She examined the lines intently, and
meanwhile her mind was working with 1
the precision of a clock. She caught up
the globe.

  “Quick,” she cried; “but not a word, i
not a word! I f you speak, the spell will
be broken.”

  She placed a hand on the brow of her j|
visitor, and Mrs. Oxnard bent her gaze 4
hungrily on the beckoning liquid fires
within the sphere. Then, too. her eyes
widened, and she would have spoken;
but Anna laid a finger on her half-
parted lips.

  "That's enough,” said Mrs. Oxnard,
as Anna suddenly snatched aside the
crystal. “Heavens! What a revelation!’*
She arose. “Most extraordinary!” she
said. “Amazing! You grow more won-
derful every day, my dear! I can’t tell
you how much you’ve helped me in the
last two years—going through that awful
trouble with me as if you'd been my
sister. T do so wish you’d let me do
something for you. Can’t I send you a
check ?”

  "Send a check for whatever you like
to the Mount Magdalen Home for Des
tute Girls. I can’t take anything; I
more than enough. If I can help my
friends, I’m only too delighted.”

  Mrs. Oxnard, with many protestation*
of gratitude, and promises to send t~:
check, made her adieu She had scarcely
Henry Payson Dowst

35

  gone when Miss Brooks presented her-
  self once more.

     “It’s the collector from the butcher/’
  she said quietly. "He’s asking for a
  check.”

    “Oh, Brooksy, what shall I do?” said
  Anna. “My bank account is down to
  almost nothing, and I shan't have a re-
  mittance from the estate for another
  week. Be a nice girl and wheedle him
  for me, will you? And have him send
  up some ducks; I'm simply crazy for
  duck. Do it for me, Brooksy—then
  you'll be a duck, too.”

    The discreet Miss Brooks withdrew,
  silent, unsmiling. Anna did not know,
  or care, by what method she persuaded
  the butcher to increase still further the
  amount of her indebtedness; but there
  was the desired duck for dinner that
  night

    Anna Gage, being made ready for bed
  with the deft assistance of her maid,
  pondered the problems of life, which
  were now mainly financial.

    “Well,1' she thought, “I’ve been in a
  hole before and pulled out. I guess this
  one won’t be any exception."

    In another fifteen minutes she was
  sleeping the sleep of beauty in a fairy
  bed, overhung with a canopy of satin,
  daintily figured with scenes from a cer-
  tain Shakespearean classic, the theme of
  which was mainly concerned with the ad-
  ventures of a justly famous goddess.

VI

    Mr. Abner Brownell, millionaire,
v clubman, turfman, speculator—he was
called all these things by turn in the
; society columns of the various Sunday
q papers—sat in his office not far from
} Wall Street and read the morning Times.
I The market was quiet. The “raids,” in
v which Mr. Brownell was quite deeply
rr interested, we* t doing almost nothing.
The country was prosperous, dividends
-ft* were being paid with tiresome monotony,
Ir tabor was tractable.

  "The devil!" mused Abner Brownell.
"A chap might as well shoot craps with
the office boy as try to get any fun out
of this market”

  He lighted a cigarette, placed his feet
on his desk, and occupied his mind in *
trying to decide whether he would take
a night train for the New Brunswick
moose country, or a coastwise ship for
Cuba and the big Havana cattle show,
where he knew there would be some ex-
cellent racing.

  The telephone claimed his attention.

  “Who is it ?” he demanded lazily.

  "Mrs. Gage,” replied the girl on the
desk.

  “All right. Hello, Anna Gage. How
are you ?” A pause. “I can’t believe it.
Things down here are as quiet as the
place where Mr. Gray wrote his ‘Elegy.’ ”
More pause. “Who is it, Belcher and
that crowd, do you suppose? Just like
’em. I didn’t think they’d have the nerve,
so soon after—" Still further pause.

  “If you'd ever fooled me before, I
wouldn’t stir; but you’ve been such a
brick— Doesn’t seem possible anything
should start in this market. . . . You say
you feel it very strongly? Well, Anna,
you know me! I was just bewailing
the fact that things were so dull. Awfully
obliged. Here’s where I get busy. See
you in a day or two. Good-by, Anna.”

  The languid Mr. Brownell was from
this moment transformed into a demon
of energy. Tn a twinkling, the placid at-
mosphere of his office was charged with
the crackling currents of a tense ac-
tivity. The telephone became excessively
busy. Office boys scurried madly. Gerks
tore around like wild animals in cages.
Brokers began to come in for orders
and go out again.

  Abner Brownell sat in nis private of-
fice and glued his eye on the ticker tape
as it came chattering from beneath its
glass housing.

  “By George, the little woman was just
in time!” he cricd softly. “She certainly
did hit it, bless her heart! Another two
36

The Charlatan

hours, though, and I’d have lost the
chance of a lifetime.”

   He began pouring orders into one after
another of live or six telephones. His
face flushed with excitement. He be-
came hoarse with much shouting. Al-
ways he returned to the ticker to read
the vibrant message of its purple-splashed
ribbon.

  When the market closed that after-
noon, he chuckled as he put on his hat
and went out to the street, where his
'town car waited.

  “To the Uptown Club,” he said.

  Brownell was a big man. somewhat
spectacular, exceedingly good-looking,
and a famous bon-vbant. His hair was
just beginning to gray. His eyes, keenly
blue, revealed a shrewd intelligence,
which was well supported by the square-
ness of his jaw. Under the close-clipped
mustache one saw, however, a mouth that
lacked something of the jaw’s invincible
strength. It was a mouth that might
express a hint of the sensual; or, if one
saw it at its best, a kindliness that belied
the cold, pale light in the blue eyes.
Luxurious living had made Abner
Brownell a little overweight, and marked
his face with a ruddiness the meaning of
which was unmistakable.

   Brownell dined with a couple of friends
and a stranger to whom they introduced
him, a giant of a man. with the unmis-
takable stamp of executive ability in his
high forehead, his firm mouth, and domi-
nant nose.

  "Oh, yes,” said Abner, “I’ve heard of
you, Strickland. You’re the boy who
put C. W. & K. on its feet, eh? You’ve
a nice property, I hear.”

   "We’ve a pretty good little road,” said
Strickland modestly.

  "Little road! Huh! I don’t call a
couple of thousand miles of the best
double-tracked right of way in the West
so very little; and they tell me you did
it all, Strickland. Just cleaned out that
gang of crooks, and made a real rail-
road of it. Some job!”

  “We pay a dividend once in a while,”
said Strickland, shrinking from so much
eulogy.

  After dinner, Strickland’s friends took
him off with them to a theatre. Brownell
stayed at the club, and read lhe eve-
ning papers. The excitement on the
Exchange had been so unusual that the j
news of it began under three-line heads
on the first page.

  "Some clean-up!” he chuckled.

  He ordered a drink, which he didn’t
need, having had plenty with his dinner
and before.

  Darn it, a club was a poor sort of
place when you were lonesome! Every-
one seemed to have an appointment.
Brownell became exceedingly restless.
Across his vision floated a pair of dark
brown eyes, in which dwelt an alluring
mystery, sometimes, he thought, a bit
pathetic. What was it about Anna Gage
that baffled a chap so?

  He had known her now for three or
four years, and from time to time at
his request she had exercised for his 1
benefit that extraordinary clairvoyance -
of hers. She was a fascinating person- }
ality. Always she had held him at arm’s j
length; but at this moment he became ’
aware that she attracted him more than
anybody else in the world had ever done i
in his life. He called a taxi, first drop- s
ping down at a writing desk and scratch- *
ing something hastily on a strip of paper £
bound with other similar pieces in a small-4
book. This strip he tore out and thrust f
negligently into a side pocket.

  Twenty minutes later, he ran up the
steps of the Fifty-fifth Street house and ,
was admitted by the trim maid, who
showed him into a dainty reception{
room.

  Presently Anna came in, looking ex-
traordinarily beautiful, her dark eyes
shining with friendliness.

  "It was good of you to come so soon,”
she said. "I read in the papers how
things went in the Street to-day. It was ^
as I said, wasn't it ?”
"Henry Payson Dow.st

37

    Lord! If she wouldn’t be so confound-
 edly impersonal.

    “This is a business call,” said Brownell.
  “Do you transact business here, or in
  your—private office?”

    “Mercy!” said Anna. “I’m not in busi-
 ness. But if you want to go into the
 study, it’s all right.” Nevertheless, she
 looked at the man sharply before leading
 the way to the inner room, where the
 hanging light was burning, making a
 round spot of brilliance in the centre
 of the room. Here she dropped into her
 accustomed seat, and her caller took the
 chair by the side of her desk.

   He pulled the check from his pocket
 and laid it before her. She picked it up
 and read the amount, then looked at
 Brownell. Her eyes were wide with
 surprise.

    “But I can’t accept it,” she said. “It’s
  too much.”

   “Five per cent.,” said Brownell. “I
 cleaned up a cool million to-day. The
 tip was the best you’ve ever given me.”
 “I'm awfully glad.” said Anna. “But
 fifty thousand dollars—oh, I couldn’t!”
 “How did it happen, anyhow?” de-
 manded her caller. “You don’t know
 Belcher or any of those chaps?”

    “It was one of the best manifestations
 I’ve ever had—truly. I got up much

>	earlier than usual this morning, and al-
i though I hadn’t thought of you for
a months—”

 I “Thanks,” said Abner.

   “—Your name kept coming into my
 mind, and I could see your face; and
 v ?omehow I knew there was a message,
 -r |5o I came in here and looked into the
 1 flobe, and there I saw something—I can’t
 ? describe it. but I realised what it meant;
 olo I got you on the ’phone.”

   “Wonderful!” said Brownell incredu-
 u buslv. "Anna, you’re a marvel. You’re
 irnore than wclcome to your commission.
 That ought to set you up in business for
 •t niite a while.”

 ' “I know,” said Anna, contemplating
   he check. “I wish I might—”

  Now the wine that Abner Brownell
had taken, and the sense of his big win-
ning in the Street, and the extraordinary
lure of Anna Gage’s beauty, combined
at this moment to make him very in-
cautious. He got up suddenly and
leaned across the desk, there in the circle
of light from the hanging lamp.

  “Anna—” he said huskily—“Anna, if
there’s anything I own that you want,
you can have it. You’re the most beau-
tiful thing in New York City, and I’ve
simply got to have you.”

  “Why, Mr. Brownell!” cried Anna,
startled, and realizing but hazily the full
import of his words. “You mustn't say
such things! You and I have been such
good friends . . . and Mrs. Brownell
comes to see me. You’ve been so gen-
erous, so kind. Oh, I didn't think you
were that sort of man!”

  “That sort of man ! That sort of man!
Good Lord, Anna, there’s only one sort
of man, and that's the man who's human.
You're too beautiful for us all! We
simply can’t stand it We'd be more
than angels i f we could. And I'm no angel
He stretched out a hand and touched
her arm, but she drew back. The man
sprang around the table and caught her,
crushing her in his arms.

  “I love you.” he said. "I can’t help
it I’m mad about you!”

  Before he could kiss her, she managed
to wrench herself free. She was both
frightened and angry.

  “Don’t be absurd!” she warned, trying
to conquer her excitement. Anna ab-
horred dramatics, not realizing that she
was herself the personification of drama.
“You’d better go away. I think you’ve
been drinking too much. Your success
downtown has gone to your head. Don’t
do anything else that you’ll be sorry for
to-morrow.*’

  “Sorrv! You don’t know me. Why
shouM I he sorry ? Come, Anna, cut out
the theatricals.” •

  "That will do.” said the woman very
coldly. "It isn’t theatricals. I’m only
38

The Charlatan

learning the kind of man you are, when
you call a decent objection tc being in-
sulted theatrical/’

  "Oh, piffle!” returned the man, with
foolish impatience. “You’re no innocent
kid; you’re a woman. You’re not main-
taining an establishment like this one on
what the ravens brought Elijah, You’ve
done me several good turns, and I'd
like—”

  “And to show your appreciation, you
come here and humiliate me,” interrupted
Anna. “You have formed a high esti-
mate of your friend Mrs. Gage. Well,
I’m going to be generous with you.
You’re not in your right mind. You’re
drunk — inexcusably and offensively
drunk. Go away now. To-morrow you’ll
have remorse, and I certainly hope you
have it as you deserve. And don’t come
back to me for advice, because I’m never
going to help you again.”

  Anna turned and went out of the room
hastily, leaving Brownell gaping into the
darkness. He stood by the desk, sway-
ing a little. Yes, he guessed he must
be pretty full. He picked up the opaline
globe and contemplated it solemnly.
Queer, streaked-looking thing! He re-
placed it.

  “Guess I’ve made an ass of myself,”
he muttered thickly. “Guess I’m a damn
fool! Ought to be shot!” He found
his hat and left the house, shedding
maudlin tears of self-pity.

  In her own room, Anna sat by the
window, opened to admit the fresh, cool
air, which she badly needed, for her face
was burning with shame and excite-
ment. The miserable significance of this
incident spelled itself across her aching
brain.

  It could not have happened if Ahner
Brownell had respected her. The taint
of a questionable profession, no matter
how adroitly practiced, was inevitable.
And, coupled with that fact, were her
extraordinary beauty and her inescapable
sex consciousness. The man had re-
vealed to her not his own unsupported

estimate, but an opinion that must be
fairly general.

  She was. then, an object of question,
of speculation, among men like Brownell.
She was a beautiful faker, about whom
things might be asked that were not asked
about women who led lives of perfect
convention, hedged in with protections
and domesticities.

  Anna reviewed, as dispassionately as
she could, her career since coming to
New York. At the start she had al-
most starved. She had never charged
a fee for her advice; but people had been v
generous with gifts. She had managed
this very adroitly; and as she had worked
her way toilsomely upward, her caution
had increased. For years, she had de-
clined these gifts, except in one class of
cases.

  Men of wealth came to her constantly,
seeking from the occult that which their
own sagacity sometimes failed to supply.
Anna was able to give them advice of
immense value—at least, they thought
so. When they believed their successes
to be due to her help, they rewarded her.
These rewards she felt they could well
afford to give. Five hundred, a thou-
sand, two or three thousand dollars—
such sums were forthcoming from these
clients; and upon this revenue alone she
lived.

  It was a precarious way of subsisting.
Still, it sufficed. It would have been
ample if Anna’s living had been on a
more economical scale. But she loved
beautiful things, luxitries, servants. She
delighted in the association of people who
moved in the more exclusive circles. She
entertained at her home many who pro-
fessed friendship for her. She sparkled
in conversation, made a charming dinner
companion, attracted clever persons who
appreciated her brilliancy.

  That there were times when, as at
present, her bills were overdue, did not
greatly worry her. Something would
soon happen to chamre this condition.
She always had faith in the future.
Henry Payson Dowst

39

 'Things would come out right, because
 they always had done so.

   But now, in a flash, she comprehended
 the dangers by which she was beset. At
 the very best, she was a charlatan. Only
 a portion of her “revelations” were truly
 psychic. More often than not she de-
 pended on her ability to draw lightniug
 conclusions, to read the thoughts of her
 clients through a chance word, the dila-
 tion of an eye, the shadow of a corrugated
 brow. Her intuitions were amazing.

   She wondered, with shame, if she had
 not unduly emphasized her personality
 in her dealings with men. Would they
 have been as liberal if she had been ugly?
 Had she fooled them more than she in-
 tended, and had this been possible be-
 cause her beauty cast a spell over
 them ?

   Something in the palm of her clenched
 hand forced itself to the surface of her
 consciousness—a crumpled bit of paper;
 Brownell's, chcck. It was enough for
 her to live on for two or three years.
 With her bills paid and the rest banked,

 : she could be secure, comfortable, com-
 placent. Then, there was Stanley Sup-
 pose he should want a little capital foi
 some business venture? It was foi
 Stanley she had struggled all these years;
 for him she had made herself a mounte-
 bank and a polite humbug, sacrificing her
 •elf-respect. Fifty thousand dollars!

   With trembling but determined fingers,
 she tore the check into tin> flakes. Then
 ihe went and scrubbed her hands with
 iot water and soap.

   “I don't know,” she thought, “how I’m

 >	pay the grocer; but it won’t be with
   ibner Brownell’s money I”

VI

 ■	“If you’re not able to make up your
 v ind,” said Abner Brownell, “why don’t
 »u take a little advice?”

   “T don't get you.” rejoined Strickland.
   Yhat sort of advice? I’ve employed

the best lawyers, interviewed the most
expensive men I could find.’*

  Brownell laughed.

  “I don’t wonder you fail to grasp my
meaning," he said. The big speculator
and Strickland, the Western railroad
man, had come to be rather good friends.
First meeting at the club later in offices
in and about Wall Street, they found
they had many acquaintances in common
sliared many interests Brownell ad-
mired the vigorous, two-fisted type rep-
resented by Strickland, and tht latter ap-
preciated Brownell’s nerve, his sports-
manship, and the keen intuitions that
had made him a successful operator in
big fields.

  “You’ll think I’m crazy*,” went on the
speculator, “but I want you to take whax
1 say rather seriously You won’t be
sorry You’ve reached a place where you
don’t (aiow just whom to trust You
can get backing from either of two
crowds of bankers for youi new exten-
sions Question is. which crowd will
give you the best deal, and is one or the
other of them likely to slip something
over on you? Isn’t that the way you
feel?”

  “Exactly, Brownell. I’ve exhausted al
the usual channels for obtaining informa-
tion I can’t pin a thing on either group;
yet I’m not absolutely convinctd that I
oughtn't to go back West and raise my
capital locally If these Wall Street
buccaneers once get their hooks into a
property, it’s next to impossible to shake
them loose.”

  “Yet you know the money is here,
and if you can make the right deal, you'll
get your capital quicker and cheapet in
New York than anywhere else in the
country.”

  “True. But I’m not sure I can make
the right deal.”

  “Then you should see Mrs. Gage.”

, “Who the devil is Mrs. Gage, and why
should I sf*e her ? Has she got forty’ or
fifty million—”

 “Nonsense She’s poor. She's a
40

The Charlatan

friend of mine—or was. I’m afraid I’m
rather in her bad books just now. Anna
Gage is the most remarkable woman in
New York, and the cleverest. Go and
see her.”

  ‘‘But, Brownell, what does a woman
know about railroads ?”

  “Nothing. But you go and see her.
Here, give her this.”

  Brownell scribbled a hasty note, thrust
it into an envelope.

  “I won’t seal this,” he said, “but if
it’s all the same to you, I’d as soon you
didn’t read it Just go up to Fifty-fifth
Street and see Mrs. Gage. If she doesn't
help you. I’ll buy you the finest Rolls
Royce you can get in the city.”

  Anna Gage, late the same afternoon,
sat in her study reading, or seeming to
read, by the light that shone above her
great carved desk, a big, leather-bound
book. In reality, the words printed on
the faded yellow page were quite mean-
ingless to her, for she was contemplating
her own soul.

  Once, she reached out and took the
opal globe in her hands, seeking to plumb
its mysterious, milky depths for some
symbol of her future; but she saw noth-
ing but those cryptic whorls of iridescent
liquid smoke, that seemed never at rest,
wreathing and coiling within the sphere,
as pale inner fires glow beneath the sur-
face of a great pearl. So, sighing, she
put the baffling thing from her.

  Miss Brooks brought her a note, and
when she recognized the handwriting of
the superscription, she was tempted to
drop it unopened into her wastebasket.
But curiosity for the time held its own
against her sense of outraged decency.
Besides, the envelope was unsealed.

  As she read the contents, frankly apolo-
getic, she suddenly gave a little gasp.

  “It can’t be,” she breathed. “No, it
isn’t possible!” Pondering, she sat a,
moment in deep thought. Then: “Very ‘
well. Miss Brooks,” she said.

  The secretary’s back was no sooner
turned than Anna Gage pulled open a

drawer of her desk and took from it a
white veil, silken, but sufficiently con-
cealing, which she threw hastily over head
and face. It was a device she seldom
used, holding it to be but a part of that
charlatanry which she had learned to
despise.

  Thus it was that Joe Strickland found
her in that sombre chamber, a swathed
figure of mystery. Instantly his matter-
of-fact mind was touched with suspicion.
To bimself he said:

  “What kind of flummery has that chap .
steered me up against ? A swell fortune-
teller, looks like. Hope it hasn't some
blackmailing scheme behind it.”

  The figure at the desk indicated a big
chair, and he sank into it with a gingerly,
sheepish air.

  “You wanted to see me?” asked the
lady. “I am Mrs. Gage.”

   “Well, I don’t exactly know that I did.
Brownell said I ought to. Maybe you
can tell me why he thought so. I haven't
an idea.”

  “The same Joe,” thought Anna, view-
ing the heavy features, the clumsily
powerful shoulders, the large shapeliness
of brow and temple. "The same blunt
old Joe Strickland.”

  Aloud she said: “Mr. Brownell has
written me a note, simply saying that he
is sending you here. He does not tell
me anything about your errand.”

  “He said I ought to ask your advice,”
said Strickland.

“I see. May I look at your palm?”
The man extended a huge hand with
about as much enthusiasm as a child who
seeks to determine the dangers of a live
caterpillar.

  “Oh P he said. “Yrou’re a palmist.”
“No. This is not a profession with
me. I sometimes give advice to my
friends, or the friends of my friends.
I am doing this as a favor to Mr. Brown-
ell—to whom T owe no favors.”

  “He said he didn’t guess he stood very
strong with von,” said Strickland. He
hoped the woman would talk some more;
Henry Payson Dowst

41

there was a quality in her voice that
pleased him strangely. It was to him like
some long forgotten time of his boy-
hood, coming: to life in his conscious-
ness. She was apparently studying his
hand through the folds of her veiL
"Too bad," he blurted, “when j-ou let
a ladv read your palm, if you aren’t al-
lowed to see her face.”

  "For the present I don’t wish you to
see me too plainly,” said Anna. “It might
interfere with the psychic vibrations.”
Could it be that Strickland sensed a
note of mirth in that voice?

  "Well,” he demanded, "what you find-
ing out about me?”

  "Many things. You have been suc-
cessful. You have to do with iron, stone,
things that are hard and swift and power-
ful. Machinery of some kind—no, there
are shining bands of steel, two of them,
lying- parallel—rails !”

  "You mean yon see those tilings in my
hand?”

  "No; I’m not looking at your palm.
My eyes are closed. And I’m dreaming
—dreaming of a little mill town a thou-
sand miles away, and a small house on a
humble sort of street, a house with a nar-
row piazza and vines.”

  "What—what are you talking about?”
The man’s voice was low and tense.

  *	About you. and—a girl—a girl with
black hair and dark eyes and an odd,
foreign-sounding name — Pol, Pol —
Polen—Polenta—Polenka f*

  "My God!”

  "You loved her. didn't you? And she
treated you badly?”

  "Loved her? I worshiped her. I did
then, and I do now. I’ve never let
it die. I’ve never seen a girl or woman
since that I'd cross the street for. I’m
that way—stick to things, once my mind’s
made up. Go on; what’s the rest of it ?
I was going to ask you about what I
should do to raise money for my rail-
road, but—”

  *‘I was coming to that.” said Anna.
She picked up Jjer opaline globe.

  Strickland leaned forward.

  “No, no,” she said. "Don’t you look.
Close your eyes—dose them tight"

  She stripped off her veil and plunged
her eager gaze into the swirl of weaving
fluid. And there she saw many things
—queer shapes, faces, odd characters as
mystic as the hieroglyphs oi Rameses.
But they were as dear as the words in
a child's primer.

  Not for a long time had such revela-
tions come to Anna Polenka. She had
even imagined herself to be losing that
psychic insight for which she had of late
so often substituted the ordinary shrewd
logic of a sagacious mind. Those visions
seen by her consultants, conjured up by
their own emotions, spurred by a little
of Anna’s hypnotic will power—they
were as nothing to this. She breathed
quickly, her heart beating faster and
faster.

  “Don’t look,” she said. “Don't open
your eyes. Listen. I may forget much
of this. You arc in an atmosphere of
had influences. You are in danger of
great losses. You musn't trust any of
the people who want to associate with
you. here in New York. You are in
need of an enormous sum of money,
but if you secure it here, you will pay
too dearly. Go back where you came
from—back into the West, where people
know and understand and sympathize
with your ambitions. There are many,
many more things that I could tell you.
but I—I’d rather not—to-day. Perhaps
I can never tell you But please be
guided by what I h3ve said.”

  She looked up now. her eyes dazed,
like those of one who issues from dark-
ness into a strong light.

  “What was I saying rM she asked
vaguely. “Did I tell you what you
wished—”

  “Anna!” cried the man. “Anna Po-
lenka r

  She had forgotten to replace her veil.

  "Joe," she said softly. “Toe Strick-
land, isn’t it? I knew it must be. Now
42

The Charlatan

you understand how I knew about the
house, and the . . . girl . . .”

  “Anna,” said Strickland, "what are you
doing here, playing this faker game—”
“Don't, Joe,” she cried pitifully.
“Please don’t! That's the one thing you
could say to hurt me most—because, it’s
true!”

  “Brownell said you were the most re-
markable woman in New York, and the
cleverest."

  “But not the most honest, did he? Yet
■—what did I tell you about your rail-
road? Was it money you wanted? I
don’t remember just what I saw in the
globe—I seldom do.”

  Joe looked incredulous.

  “You said to go back home and get
my money there. I think it’s good ad-
vke, whether it’s what you call ‘psychic'
or not. I’m going to follow it. I’ve al-
ways felt suspicious of those chaps I’ve
been dickering with.” Then, after a
pause. “Say, Anna, what ever became
of Steve Rivers?’*

  “Dead, ten years ago.”

  “Who’s this Gage?”

  “There isn’t any; never was. I took
the name because I wouldn't use Rivers
anv more. I brought up my boy—”
“Your boy?”

  “He's twenty now. He's an engineer
He's made good, Joe, even at his age.
And he’s all I've got and all I’ve worked
for and all 1 have to look forward to
He’s going to China in a few days, Joe.
I guess you don’t know what that
means.”

  Niver had Anna Polenka's usually
discreet lips been open as they were at
this moment, never her tongue so loos-
ened. All the hardships, the struggles,
the heartaches and humiliations of those
twenty years came surging forth, and
she recounted many of them to the lis-
tening man.

  “Well,” he said, “all T’ve got to say is,
you've had a darned tough time, f al-
ways told you that Steve was a bad lot.
though. See what a pile of trouble you’d

have saved yourself if you’d married poor
Joe Strickland.”

  “That’s not kind, Joe.”

  “I suppose not. Well, you know what
I said a few minutes ago? I’ve always
loved you—love you to-day as much as
ever. You’ve fought your battle and
won it. It isn’t for me to quarrel with
the weapons you use. I guess they were
the ones God gave 3rou, and you’d have
been a fool not to use them. Now will
you go back West with me?

  “I know you, Anna; you like the easy
things of life. You wanted ’em when
you were only a kid. I don’t blame you
—didn’t then. I could have given them
to you, after a little, but you didn’t think
so. All right, you’ve tried your way.
Try mine. I'll guarantee it to work.”
He stopped, and looked into the great
dark eyes with a hopeful confidence.

  “Let's understand each other,” said
Anna Polenka. “Don’t think me cold-
blooded, Joe. I’m fond of you, and al-
ways was. I did make a mistake when
I gave you up for Steve. But, in spite
of the problems I’ve had to solve, in
spite of my love of luxury and the things
money will buy, in spite of the fact that
I’ve been what you call a humbug—at
least partially—and what some others
might call something of an adv'enturess,
I'm a good woman! People can say what
they know to be true of me—I’m some-
thing of a mystery, even to my best
friends, and perhaps to myself as well—
but they can’t say I’m not good, Joe.

  “So, when you say you want me to
go back west with you, ju?t what do you
mean? Don’t think I’ve hardened, Joe
dear! I haven't! But. oh, Joe Strick-
land, I’ve had to protect myself so
long—”

  Strickland got ponderously to his feet
and picked Anna up bodily, setting her
on her own big, carved desk.

 “For goodness sake, Anna!” he
growled. “Is that the kind of man you
think T am? Well, I’ll tell you right now.
you donlt have to protect yourself from
Henry Pay son Dowst

43

me; because if you’re a good woman,
I'm a good man, and I’m proud of it!”
He gathered her into his anus and
kissed her with considerable violence.

  “I’ve been waiting twenty years for
this.” he said. "You can't blame me if
I seem a trifle enthusiastic, eh?”

VII

   In spite of the precautions with which
Anna surrounded herself in order to
guard against intrusion, there was hardly
a day on which some stranger did not
ring her bell.

  These usually came armed with a card
or note of introduction from one of her
previous consultants, all of whom she
had implored to be discreet; and as her
“manifestations” of psychic talent were
not generally thought to be her means of
livelihood, her acquaintances were in-
clined to respect her right of privacy.
Nevertheless, Anna was inevitably some-
thing of an institution; and she was never
surprised when people wholly unknown
to her sought admission to her house.

  Mr. Edgerly Raydon was one of these.
He presented a note from that Mrs.
Oxnard whose domestic infelicities had
led her to seek Mrs. Gage’s assistance.
This was within a day or two after the
appearance of Joe Strickland.

  During this time, Anna had been liv-
ing in a cloudland of happiness. She
had won. No more for her the subtle
deceits of a profession she had prac-
ticed under cover of subterfuge and social
fiction. She had come through lire, puri-
fied. She had brought up her boy and
made of him a useful, competent citizen,
one of whom she could he proud. And
now she was considerably less than forty,
beautiful, charming, in the very prime of
her life, with everything good to look
forward to.

   So, her heart filled with song, she had
notified the discreet and taciturn Miss
Brooks that her services would not be

  required after another fortnight. She
had begun to make arrangements for
leaving her house. If she and Joe wanted
to spend a winter in New York, they
could go to a hotel. Anna informed the
agent that she would like to find some-
one to take the lease off her hands.

  It was now definitely decided that
Stanley would sail for China within a
fortnight. There was infinite comfort
now in the thought that she would be
with Joe, and other scenes, building a
new and, she hoped, permanent circle of
acquaintances.

  Such thoughts as these drifted cheer-
fully through Anna’s pretty head, until
the hour when Mr. Edgerly Raydon
crossed her threshold. At first, she
thought of sending him away; but she
disliked to disappoint Mrs. Oxnard, if
he were a friend of that much-alimonied
lady.

  Instead of having the man shown into
her study, however, she greeted him in
the reception room. She hoped she
might persuade him not to insist upon
a “seance.”

  Raydon was a dapper individual, clad
fashionably in morning coat with the
correct braided edges, furbished forth
with a gardenia, and armed with a flexible
walking stick of pale bamboo.

  From behind spectacles of heavy tor-
toise shell, peered out a pair of shifty
eyes. His hair, not loo abundant, and
well whitened, was parted in the middle
from brow to collar, and brought straight
forward over his cars. His nose, sharp
and predatory, overhung a mustache and
beard carefully trimmed to a scrupulous
square and, like his hair, parted in the
middle.

  Advancing as Anna entered the room,
he extended a ceremonious hand, and
murmured:

“Mrs. Gage? Charmed, T’m sure!”
Instantly Anna felt herself go cold all
over. If she had been a cat. her fur
would have stood up and crackled with
galvanic sparks. Very distantly she re-
44

The Charlatan

turned Mr. Ray don’s greeting and sank
into a chair. Her black eyes were fixed
on her caller’s face with a kind of un-
canny fascination.

  “It seems to me/’ he went on, “that
we have met before. I think you will
not have forgotten.”

  “I don't—remember— Why—” Panic
took possession of Anna Polenka.
“Steve!” she cried hoarsely. "Steve!
I thought you were—”

  ‘Dead, eh? Well, I’m not. I’m not
a bit dead. I’m very much alive.”
“But—”

  “But why am I alive? What right
have I to be alive? Well, I was in that
railroad accident; and I was reported
killed. That’s all. When I found I was
supposed to be dead, 1 changed my name.
It was a very nice way out, considering
the trouble I’d had with the bank. And
the bulls stopped hunting for me. That
was the best part of it.”

  “What—what are you—”

  “What am I going to do? Is that
what you want to know, Anna? I’ve
come here to discuss it with you. It’s
largely up to you. A fellow ought to
talk these things over with his wife, don't
you think? I believe in harmony in the
family, perfect agreement, and all that.”
“But you can't—I’m not—”

  “Oh, yes, I can, and you are. You
bet you are. You’re just as much my
wife as you ever were. So I’m thinking
of coming and taking up my residence
with you. You have plenty; I’m rather
low in funds just now. I often am; then
again. I often have it to burn. Depends
on circumstances. 1 should say that you
and I might work together very nicely,
so that we’d both have money all the
time/’

  “\\ hy—I don’t understand—you.”

  It was curious, this halting, ineffectual
method of expressing or attempting to
express herself. Steve’s reappearance
was a tremendous shock. It was Crush-
ing, stupefying. She could hardly sense
it. That rosy, pink-cloudy dream of the

  last day or two— Little fool! How
could she expect to get off scot-frec.
after years of deluding people? It was
preposterous!

  “People are very confidential with
you.” went on Steve. “They tell you
tilings. You can tell ’em to me. When
two people know a thing, it may remain
a secret, but of course it’s ftiuch more
fragile, so to speak. Or, let’s say, it’s
more escapable, if you get what I mean.

1 suppose that quite a lot of people would
go to considerable expense to be assured
that their secrets didn’t escape. It’s quite
an art to make them see it and all that,
but—”

  “Steve Rivers!” screamed Anna. “You
go away! You leave this house! What
do you take me for? A thief? A black-
mailer? 1 don't care if you are my hus-
band—I won’t have you around. 1 won’t
let you come into my house. You don’t
dare prove you’re Steve Rivers. You
told me yourself you changed your name
to escape the law. Well, if you're Rivers
you won’t escape it. You'll go to
prison—”

  “Hush, Anna,” said Steve soothingly.
“Don’t get excited. That wouldn’t help
you any. I don’t expect to live here as
Mr. Rivers, and require you to become
Mrs. Rivers. You and I simply marry
—you become Mrs. Edgerly Raydon. I
think we’d make a very nice couple.”

  “No, no, nothing of the kind can be
done/’ cried Anna. “I won’t, I won’t!”

  “But suppose you don’t? There's
Stanley—my Stanley, bv the way. Have-
n’t you any feeling for a father ? Well,
you wouldn’t want Stanley to know
you’ve been spoofing him about the Gage
estate, and all that rot, would you? You
wouldn’t want Stanley to know you’d
been living the life of an adventuress,
and God knows what else—”

  “Stop!” cried Anna furious, desperate,
driven into a frenzy of rage and fear.
“Don’t you dare say such a thing!”

  “Well, what would dear Stanley say
if he knew votj’d been accepting money
Henry Payson Dowst

45

from men—I think I could give him the
names of several—to live 011? What
reason would anyone suppose could pos-
sibly lead wealthy men to give a young
and fascinating woman presents of five
hundred, a thousand, three thousand dol-
lars?"

  “Oh, my God!” wailed Anna, cover-
ing her face with her hands, and groan-
ing under the lash. “Don't, Steve, for
the love of Heaven, don’t.”

  “Oh!” went on Steve coolly, “that isn’t
all. Of course all your fine friends would
be greatly interested to know that you’re
the bunk. It would make a splendid
Sunday feature—'Wealthy Siren Fools
Society with Phoney Psychics/ That
has sort of a catchy jingle, eh? And
what would our little son think of it?”

  Rivers paused to contemplate the ef-
fect of his words.

  “It would be very easy to put people
wise,” he said. “I’ve managed to keep
in touch with your activities for a couple
of years now. That cook you fired three
weeks ago was a clever girl; I got her
from one of the slickest private detective
agencies in town. Then there have been
others—the cook was onily one. It’s
cost me something; but I guess it will
be worth it.

  "You can be proud to announce that
you're marrying Edgerly Raydon. I’m
rather well known about this town; and
no one’s got anything on me, either. I’ve
kept 'em all guessing for a good many
years. There’s been many a day I’ve
worn a darn' stylish overcoat over my
undershirt and a false dicky collar. But
I got away with it. I’m something like
you, only not so clever. I’m a good
bridge player, and I’ve been pretty lucky
with the horses. But I’m a useful chap,
too. I’ve found out a lot of things about
a good many people, and that sort of
information is always worth money if
you know where to locate your market.
That’s why you and I ought to—”

  "Please, please!” begged Anna. “I
can’t stand it; it’s too horrible.”

  "Well,” said her visitor, “you take
twenty-four hours to think it over. I'll
drop in again to-morrow. It’s really
the only thing to do, you know. I dare
say we should get on like old boots, once
we became reacquainted with each other.
We’ve such a lot in common, it seems
to me. Goo’-by. See you again.”

  Anna Polenka Rivers stood by her
great carved desk and contemplated the
cryptic globe.

  “You’re a cruel, cruel thing,” she said
aloud. “You’ve always given up freely
for others, but you’ve never told me
anything. Why didn’t you warn me?
Why didn't I know this was going to
happen ?”

  She thought of Joe Strickland, felt
again his kisses on her lips, kisses she
had generously returned.

 “And I was another man’s wife!
Lord pity me! I told him I’d marry
him; and I can't! All these years I’ve
clung to respectability. AD these years
I’ve trained my boy to reverence what is
right and good. And now, unless I take
that beast back, and live with him, and
help him with his blackmailing schemes,
I become an unworthy mother, whom
he’ll hate, hate, hatef Why shouldn’t
he hate me? I’ve done nothing but
deceive and cheat him all his life. He’d
better have known exactly who he was
from the first, and just what sort of
woman his mother was. It wouldn't be
so hard for him.”

  Again she gazed into the milky depths.
“Monster!” she cried. “What harm
have T e\rer done a soul that I should be
treated like this?”

  It would be but a short time before
Steve Rivers would return for his an-
swer. Anna had her decision to make.

  “All I can do,” she reasoned, “is to
take him back. Tt will break Joe's heart;
but I can’t help it. The man’s my hus-
band. I can't have Joe. I’ll have to
take Steve and do the best I can. May-
be I can keep him from disgracing 11 s.
Maybe I can make something of him.
46

The Charlatan

That’s my only salvation. It’s a ter-
rible thing to have to face. I could give
him up to the authorities for the bank
robbery; but what good would it do?
All the miserable business would come
out. I’d only briiig the house down
around my own ears.”

  She slumped down in her chair,
dropped her head into the crook of her
arms, and wept bitterly. At length she
sat up, wiped her eyes, and looked about
her.

  “If I can keep him from disgracing
us!” she repeated over and over. “For
Stanley’s sake, I must—I must!”

  Suddenly she arose, and seizing the
globe, held it high above her head. At
one side of the room was a fireplace,
half hidden in the gloom; and this was
equipped with a pair of huge wrought-
iron tire dogs.

  Anna Polenka began to swing the
globe up and down, up and down, each
time swaying further back.

  “I'm through with you,” she said.
"You never helped me any. I’ve seen
men weep at the things you showed them ;
T've heard women thank God for you.
I’ve seen you give the world’s best gifts
to even-one—all but Anna Polenka. Now
I’m through.”

  She hurled the heavy globe across the
room. With a jingling crash, it struck
one of the great andirons and fell in a
thousand scintillant fragments on the
floor—fragments that lay and glinted out
of the darkness at Anna Polenka with
the effect ot a thousand sinister feline
eyes. With a shriek, she turned and
fled the room.

IX

  In the reception room, Anna ran into
Joe Strickland.

  “Why, honey." he inquired, “what's
all the excitement? T thought I’d drop
in and see if you’d found someone who
would sublease the house. You know

we’ve got to be starting West pretty
soon.”

  "Joe, Joe, I’m not going. I can’t.”
‘‘What’s that? Not going? What do
you mean?”

  “Something awful has happened. I
tried to ’phone you last night, but they
told me at the hotel you were out of
the city. Why didn’t you let me know ?
Oh, never mind; it doesn’t matter. Joe,
our romance is over.”

  “But, Anna girl—”

  “Steve's come back.”

  "No!”

  Anna nodded sadly.

  “Where is he ? I’ll find him and wring
his skinny, worthless neck. Then I guess
he won’t stand in our way.”

  “Oh, Joe, you know you can’t do a
thing like that! There’s no way out of
it. He's coming here to live, and I can’t
help myself!”

  “He is not coming here to live!’’
roared Joe. “He may be coming here
to die; but not to live! Not if I get my
hands on him.”

  Anna smiled sadly at the big man’s
vehemence.

  “There’s a messenger boy coming up
the steps,” said Joe.

  “Go and let him in—that’s a dear.”
Joe secured the message and returned
to the reception room.

  “You know it’s no use trying to make
me think you’re going to stand for that
dog,” he sputtered. “There are a thou-
sand ways we can put a spoke in his
wheel. Why, I'll hire seventeen differ-
ent lawyers to—”

  “Joe, that wouldn’t help. He’d do all
his harm while you were making your
plans.”

  Anna was fumbling at the envelope
Joe had taken from the messenger. When
she read the enclosure the man saw the
color leave her face.

  “Oh!” she said, in a little gasping sob.
“Oh ! Read it, Joe dear!”

  Strickland took the message ami
read:
Henry Payson Dowst

47

Dear Anna :

  I've got cold feet. I don’t want to come
back to you, after all. I thought 1 was put-
ting over something clever, hut since talking
with you. I’ve changcd my mind. You and
1 together would be sure to make a mess of
diings, because you hate me. The plan I had
in view would never work out.

 Then. I’ve discovered you’re poor. 1
thought you were well fixed, but I was told
last night that you can’t pay your butcher.
I have to have money, or I’m unhappy. So
do you. We should both be miserable all
the time it we tried to live together.

  I’m going to play my fatal beauty against
<omc widow lady with coin and a loving
disposition. Steve Rivers is dead, and you
and Edgerby Raydon haven't any interest in
each other.

  In the last twenty years. I’ve been asso-
ciated with all sorts of people, and some of
'em have standards. Most of them are sports:
and I’ve doped it out that persecuting a woman
you've already harmed as I’ve harmed you
isn't exactly a sporting proposition. Also. I
remember now that I loved you once, and
I can’t get out of my head the way those
big, black eyes of yours looked yesterday
when you were crying. I can kick a dog or
steal a baby’s candy, but there’s a limit even
to my talent for plain and fancy cruelty.

  Let me suggest that you go back home and
quietly apply for a divorce from that man
Rivers, on the ground that he deserted you
twenty year? ago and may not be dead.

  So help me God, Anna. I’ll never bother
nor threaten you again! I know you won’t
put much faith in that promise just yet; but
you’ll find it's a pertecdy good, reliable, hole-
proof promise, guaranteed for a lifetime.

  I wish you the best of luck, and hope you'll
wish me the same..

Penitently,

                      Edgerly Rayoox

 “Do—do you believe him. Joe?” asked
Anna. “Don't you think herU come back
to annoy us later ? Can he possibly mean
to let me alone?”

 “Most likely. But if he ever pets
messy again. I'll deal with him. Mean-

while, we ll have that divorce tiling fixed
up right away, honey.”

  “But Stanley mustn’t know—”

  “if a woman named Rivers, in a dis-
tant State, divorces the husband who
deserted her, how’s Stanley ever going
to know it’s you? Besides, he'll be in
China/’

  “Some day,” said Anna, “when he
gets a little older and wiser. Pm going
to tell him the truth. And so long as I
live. I’m never, never going to delude
another human being, not even myself!
And I guess that for twenty years I've
fooled myself worse than 1 have any-
one else!’’

  “Nonsense,” said Joe. “Your con-
science should be clear. Think what a
wonderful mother you've been to that
boy! And think what a wonderful wife
you’re going to be to me/’

  He gathered her suddenly into his
arms, and sat holding lier as if she were
a child. For a moment she lay there,
weeping a little. Then she sprang away.

  “You musn't, Joe/' she said. "I'm a
married woman. Wait until I get my
divorce. Then we'll be married a* soon
as you like.”

  The man looked a trifle crestfallen.
“Gracious! You arc a straightlaced
little thing. Think of the twenty years
I’ve waited. So much love I’ve missed
—and it's all charged against you.”
“Well,” said Anna Polenka. relenting
the merest fraction, “if it’s as bad as
that, maybe I ought to make just the
tiniest payment on account.”

  “ Absolutely.” said Joe Strickland, and
made the collection on the spot.

    MAY WIND

          By Morrie Ryskind

¥ IIAYE been blind to life for oh! so long—
Unseeing and unheeding—and unknowing.

To-day. a May wind sang its magic song:

   And then 1 saw that there were green things growing.
    By Richard Lc Gallienne

 JpAIR is the face we call our own,

      And fair the faces on the street.

 Ah, but they leave the heart alone.

 Speeding to trysts on happy feet.

 Remotely fair, for others sweet ;

 And, with a sudden touch of frost,

 We think of those we used to meet—

 The faces we have loved and lost

 Once they, as these, as brightly shone.

 Under their laces the same beat
 Of eager pulses hurrying on—

 O	why such haste! O why so fleet!—
 To leave the story incomplete;

 Dreams, are ye worth the ache you cost ?

 No loveliest face can e'er repeat
 The faces we have loved and lost.

 The friends, the comrades, we have known.

 So brave and laughing once to greet.

 They too are dim and ghostly grown.
 Chap-fallen they, and most discreet;

 Their jests are long since obsolete.

 Their goodness on the four winds tossed.

 And fallen cold their generous heat—

 The faces we have loved and lost.

             Envoi

 Prince, there upon thy mercy seat,

 Shall some.great day of Pentecost
 Summon them from their winding-sheet—
 The faces we have loved and lost?
Consider the Moving Staircase

                     By Cleveland Moffett

 IF you observe the men and women
 on a moving staircase you will see
 that some stand still and let the ap-
 paratus carry them comfortably to the
 top, while others stride up the steps even
 while they are in motion, thus gaining
 a few seconds—but wasting precious
 strength. I have seen a red-faced man
 carrying a heavy bag, or a tired mother
 with a baby, restlessly, wearily pushing
 on up to save those few unimportant
 seconds. Why ?

    For no particular reason except that
  this is the American way. And it is
  a foolish way. We devise an admirable
  mechanism for relieving the over-bur-
  dened human machine, then we refuse to
  use it! A moving staircase is an elo-
  quent sermon on our national unwilling-
  ness to rest.

   We know that our human machines
 are driven by nervous energy stored up
 somehow in the brain (probably by a
 chemical action) while we sleep and rest;
 but we do not dwell enough upon the
 fact that a brain depleted of its nervous
 | energy is as ineffectual as a storage bat-
 tery depleted of its electricity. This is
 literally true. We can do nothing, we
 are nothing, without a rested and replen-
 ished brain. Health, happiness, love,
 work, patriotism, every form of physical,
 mental, and spiritual achievement de-
 pends upon a rested and replenished brain.

   Therefore, men and women have no
 higher duty, especially after forty-five,
 when the life forces begin to wane, than

i	to see that they get sufficient rest. In
many cases rest is more important than
i| exercise. We often exercise too much
but we seldom rest too much.

  • 4-1.

  I am a golf enthusiast. I play golf
on Sundays and enjoy it, but I am be-
ginning to think that, from a purely phys-
ical point of view, it may be a mistake.
God probably knew His business when
He gave us one day in seven in which
to rest.

  What do doctors prescribe in the pres-
ence of almost every ailment? A rest
cure! A few days in bed! Breakfast
in bed I All day Sunday in bed! A
complete change and rest! They order
the change because they know there is
more chance that a patient will really rest
if he is away from his ordinary worries
and excitements. It is the rest that
cures. With a few exceptions, any dis-
ease that can be cured at all, can be cured
by rest, together with the right attitude
of mind.

  But we Americans will not rest. We
must be always under pressure, always
forcing ourselves up some moving stair-
case. We telephone needlessly. We
write letters needlessly. We make ap-
pointments needlessly. An unoccupied
evening is a tragedy, a lonely day in the
country, a disaster. Quick! Call up
So-and-so! Get out the automobile!
Golf 1 Bridge! Poker! Set the Vic-
trola going! Dance the fox-trot! W'hen
does the next train leave for town?

  No wonder we break down shockingly
(as compared with more restful people)
in middle life and die ten or fifteen years
before our time. American cities abound
in tired, discouraged, ineffectual men
and women, full of pains and apprehen-
sions, who might be restored to serenity
and usefulness if they would learn to
rest.

49
50

Sympathy

  Rest ? How ?

  In the first place, Americans must
learn to sit still. We waste untold mil-
lions in vital power in simply crossing
and uncrossing our legs, in wriggling our
bodies, in drumming with our fingers, in
darting hither and thither. Sit still!
Suppose the barber does keep you wait-
ing five minutes? What if the train is
half an hour late? Don't rush frantic-
ally for a newspaper and read the same
old dispatches for the fourth time. Sit
still and rest. Relax! Let the nervous
energy reservoir of your brain fill up a
little. That five minutes or half an hour
of respite from strain is a blessing, not
an exasperation. It may be worth hun-
dreds of dollars to you. It may save you
from heart failure or apoplexy.

  In the second place, Americans must
learn not only to sleep enough at night
(eight or nine hours) but to sleep at odd
times, to take little naps during the day.
There are tales, probably not true, of
great men who have managed to get

along with four or five hours’ sleep a day.

  Napoleon!

  Well, who wants to imitate Napoleon?
He was tat and died of cancer twenty
years before his time.

  Edison!

  As a matter of fact, Edison replenishes
his brain by frequent naps, some of them
long naps. He has mastered the precious
art of sleeping at any time, in any place.

  The greatest woman in the world,
Sarah Bernhardt, told ine that for years
she has cultivated this habit of taking
naps during the day, five or ten minutes'
as opportunity offered. Often, during
arduous rehearsals, she would lie down
on a rug for a snatch of sleep, saying
as she did so:

  “Go right on with the scene. Wake
me in fifteen minutes.”

  And so, despite the loss of one leg,
she is actively in the game to-day, tour-
ing the world at seventy-four, still hold-
ing thousands enthralled by her art,
because she has learned to rest.

 SYMPATHY

 By Annie Crim Leavenworth

 rpiIE dewy, blue eyed violets,

 They smiled at me to-day.

 They've not been here tfie whole long year
    That he has been away.

 But now that he is coming home,
 Their fairy faces glow.

 The dewy-eyed blue violets—

 I wonder if they know!
  Dregs

By Elizabeth Burgess Hughes

 ROSEMARY had sent for him.

 That was the one predominant
 fact in a world of predominant
 facts. Rosemary wanted—him f

   He sat staring at the bit of paper, a
 scrawl from the attending physician:

    Mrs. Magnan will hardly last the night She
 keeps asking for you. I think you had better
 com e.—P ameil.

 And there was an address. To him it
 had something of the appearance of a
 message written in a foreign tongue, yet
 inexplicably legible. It jerked away the
 veil that he had carefully hung between
 present and past, and showed the crouch-
 ing nakedness of those sick, wounded
 years He had put a curtain thickly be-
 tween them and him, and left them there
 to decay of their own spiritual gangrene.
 But now—Rosemary, helpless and dying,
 had taken away the screen of her own ac-
 cord She wanted to see him.

   On the hearth a little fire whispered to
 itself; the room was very still. This
 quiet, shabby room where he had spent
 so many lonely hours—it symbolized the
 failure of his own life; and it had wit-
 nessed the slow atrophy of his soul, of all
 that gave a man vitality and the courage
 to face his morrows. It had not babbled,
 as a friend might have done; but some-
 t times in the shadows he seemed to see

1	lurking ghosts of his own youth, hear
 echoing laughter, gay badinage, even a
 t sharp, whispered question from the man

 -	that was . . .

   Should he go? After all, it would be
 a kindly thing to do. Possibly she would
 . nave come to him had he been dying and

asked for her. He was not quite sure of
that, though. He was never quite sure
of anything any more.

  But he would go. Oh, yes; one did
not refuse the requests of the dying. As
he rose, searching lor his hat and cane,
the mockery of the situation struck him.
and he laughed out. That quick, shrill
mirth in the silent room had the crude
sound of merrymaking over a grave.
He hushed, shocked and ashamed.

  When he opened his door he perceive i,
in some haunting, subconscious fashion,
that the night was beautiful, wonderfully
clear and crisp and pure. What an eve-
ning it was! Swinburne leaped to the
lips, and one thought of the garden of Epi-
curus, processions of houris in Valhalla,
a rudder set for the heart of the sunset,
pale pink orchids, red wine in a crystal
goblet. . . . Vet he was going to see
Rosemary, who was done with it all.
Laughter and love and sun and stars,
and the cold lilies and warm red roses
that she had adored. ... It hardly
seemed possible. She was life itself,
resurgent, effervescent, deathless. . . .
Rosemary done with the things of earth ?
He could not believe it! Suddenly the
thought came to him that he did not want
to see her like that.

  But the old habit of considering Rose-
mary’s wishes paramount reasserted it-
self. and he walked quickly onward. For
a year he had not known where she lived.
He could have asked, but any news of
her always brought a sick, deadly sink-
ing of the heart tliat left him weak and
upset. Though, without trying, he had
heard a great deal!

51
52

Dregs

  But he had lived on, somehow, continu-
ally conscious of his hurt, like a man with
a limb removed. Xo matter how hard he
fought the feeling, he knew that she had
gone too deeply, into his life ever to be
pulled up and cast aside.

  The streets were full of hurrying peo-
ple, each intent on his own affairs, as if
there were no deathbeds in the world.
Was there any other by chance going to
say good-by to a Rosemary who had for-
gotten him long ago, and remembered
only when the light grew dim?

  He reached the house of the doctor’s
address, and hesitated a moment before
it It was a big house, gray and quiet.
Massive stone balustrades guarded the
balconies, and two bronze lions crouched
at the steps. He did not think it was the
sort of house a woman like Rosemary
would choose; it was too solid and un-
omamental.

  But when he had rung the bell and
had been admitted bv a shadowy servant,
who seemed to vanish from the fore-
ground without effort, he understood.
The house was the cocoon -shell of a
gorgeous butterfly. What a wonderful
vision it presented, crowded with beau-
tiful things from many lands and cen-
turies ! Long vistas showed him antique
rugs, old Flemish paintings, perfumed
incense burners, heavy Cordovan leather
hangings covering the walls, hand-carved
seats, evidently from old monasteries and
cloisters; huge lanterns of antique Italian
verd swung by brass chains from the
frescoed ceilings.

  Yes, Rosemary had loved beauty and
mystery and wealth. Here were the
tangible evidences of them. He stood
and waited, awkwardly fumbling with
his hat, beside a table inlaid with onyx
intaglio, his feet on a Kermansliah
stretched along the polished wood. He
had never been in possession of more
than one thousand dollars at any time in
his life, the grim thought struck him here
in the midst of luxury. Any one of these
beautiful things represented a fortune.

  The soft-footed servant came back to
say the doctor requested that the gentle-
man be brought upstairs to the sick room.
Unostentatiously lie relieved the gentle-
man of his hat and led the way up the
stairs, between massive dark balustrades.
Every step showed Magnan further ex-
clusive largeness of detail. Well, what-
ever may have been Rosemary’s inner
life, certainly she had made a fine setting
for herself, he reflected. And then he
was standing on the threshold of such a
bedroom as he had never even dreamed-
of, looking across at the woman in the
lace-draped bed. The doctor sat beside
her; a rigid nurse in white stood opposite
him. A rosy light seemed diffused from
no tangible source, but it was shaded
from the patient's eyes.

  That figure on the bed filled his vision,
became abruptly the one tiling in the
lovely, scented place. Rosemary! . . .

  The doctor beckoned him without a
word, then nodded to the nurse. She
withdrew quietly. Magnan went breath-
lessly over to the bed, looked down.

  “She’ll not recognize you—now. Been
unconscious for an hour or so. I doubt
if she rallies. But I thought perhaps
you’d want to come.” The doctor hesi-
tated a little; he understood, and even
his hardened perception felt the trem-
bling tragedy of the gaunt, shabby man
before him.

  The face on the pillows was beautiful.

A heavy, lustrous mass of dark hair
swept away from a forehead creamy and
clear-cut as a pearl; the long, black lashes
showed startlingly against the colorless
cheek, outlined as cleanly as the curved, *
narrow brows. Rosemary’s features
were ideally perfect, like some old cameo
carved by a master who loved Greece.
Nobody who loved her ever forgot Rose-
mary's mouth—that warm, delicious j
mouth with its wonderful curves, its j
little trick of smiling one-sidedly. Oh,
Rosemary . . . Rosemary!

  He was down on his knees now, by the
bed, and Doctor Parnell rose.
Elizabeth Burgess Hughes

53

  " We've done about all we can.” Jie said
gravely. “I'll leave you here. If you
want nxr you can call this number. The
nurse will be in the house, and I won’t be
far away. I’ll be back in the morning.”

 Magnan nodded. He was scarcely
conscious of the doctor's presence, but
lie gathered that the}' were leaving him
alone with Rosemary. He was to watch
the night with her.

  Presently he heard the door close, and
he stumbled to his feet and got into the
chair the doctor had vacated. Rosemary
lay like one dead. Except for her rapid
breathing and pounding pulse, one might
have believed her dead. He sat and
looked at her, and went over many
things in his mind. How beautiful she
was, dying there in her rosy, canopied
bed! How'like her the room wras, in its
expensive, fastidious beauty! The sheen
of silver on her dressing-table seemed to
blend, an insistent note, with the fragile
loveliness of it all—gleaming, striking,
yet in harmony with the rest.

  He recalled the little two-roomed flat
where they had begun housekeeping. It
was cheap and tawdry and uncomfort-
able, but to him it had seemed a Paradise.
Rosemary was only seventeen then. She
was the eldest of eleven children. They
were very poor, and she had never known
anything but crowded poverty. But she
had hated it with that blind revolt that
often exists with almost 110 standards of
comparison. He knew now that she had
married him only as a first step away
from the teeming disorder of her home.

  Soon the little flat bored her; she want-
ed to get away from it. Magnan was
young, willing, and hard-working, but he
wasn't what is known as a “manager.”
He couldn’t make money.

  But there were a great many other men
who could. And Rosemary was the sort
of woman who. properly dressed, could
set a whole restaurant or theatre to gap-
ing and questioning. It w-as a long time,
though, before she was properly dressed.
She had a passion for clothes, but a

grocer’s clerk, at eighteen dollars a wreek,
always fearful of losing his “job,” could
scarcely gratify this passion. He plunged
himself head over ears into debt one win-
ter to buy her a French hat she craved.
That was the winter she met Carpenter.

  There is a striking similarity in the
autobiographies of the Rosemarys of this
w'orld. Carpenter was twenty-two, a rich
man’s son, with nothing to occupy him
but having a good time. He made a vo-
cation of that Magnan never knew how
they happened to meet. But was Rose-
mary really so much to blame for finding
Carpenter's magnificent limousine and a
warm, scented, music-stirred cafe, with
its excitement and rich food, more to her
taste on a cold night than the bare little
flat, heated only by a cooperative furnace
which was simply a joke? She was like
an orchid dropped by mistake in a slum
alley—Magnan realized that. But what
could he do ?

  He did a great deal, as it happened,
when gossip first brought the affair to his
notice. He was sick and disheartened
and in a brutish mood. He did all the
things he should not have done—if he
wished to hold Rosemary'. He stormed,
swore, threatened, insinuated unspeakable
things, ordered her never to see Carpen-
ter again. His was the violence of the
meek: once aroused, it is to be feared.
But Rosemary', her red lips sneering, sat
in silence till he had finished. Then she
shrugged and turned her back upon him.

  After that she was clever enough to
conceal her movements till a friend—one
of the kind who “feels it his duty”—told
Magnan that she was meeting Carpenter
regularly at a certain rather dubious tea-
house. Crazed with jealousy, Magnan
went to the place, found them together—
and shot Carpenter dead.

  The jury acquitted him, for the un-
written law backed him with irrefutable
evidence. But it, had mattered little to
him which way the verdict went, now
that Rosemary was no longer his. Owing
to Carpenter’s prominence, the scandal
54

Dregs

was blown far and wide. He felt him-
self a marked man.

  Looking back, he knew now that Rose-
mary had never loved him and that she
had loved Theron Carpenter. After all,
she wasn’t much more than a child, and
Carpenter was the first attractive man
she had ever known. There had been
times when he wanted to beg her for-
giveness! . . . And there were other
times when he could have tom her limb
from limb and been glad. . . .

  All this had been fifteen years ago.
Rosemary was thirty-three now, and
more beautiful than she had been then.
Strange that in fifteen years one hadn’t
forgotten. That is a long time to remem-
ber—anything.

  He bent closer to her, looking into the
expressionless white face. The accident
that was costing her life had occurred
when one of Tomlinson Wayne’s drunken
chauffeurs had pitched them over a preci-
pice. Wayne was a multimillionaire, and
the greatest politician of his time, skill-
ful, brilliant, unscrupulous. More than
once Magnan had heard it whispered that
Rosemary was the power behind the
throne. Doubtless she was the power
behind many thrones. Her record since
his acquittal had been one long history
of outre triumphs.

  Rosemary had indeed come a long way
from the grocer’s clerk with his Satur-
day night pay envelope. The greatest
men of the day had been proud to be tied
to her chariot wheels. She was another of
the du Barrys, Pompadours, with which
history is dotted—a woman of many lov-
ers, but preserving inviolate her own in-
dividuality. She had become cold, ruth-
less, powerful; she, his little, soft Rose-
mary, the ignorant high-sehool girl he
had married, had developed into a per-
son to be reckoned with, lovely but hard
and determined, clever enough to wrest
from life everything that she desired.
Strange that after such a career there
should be watching now at its end only
the grocer’s clerk to whom she had given

herself in the beginning. ... He puzzled
over this, somewhat stupidly.

  The night crept on. Once he saw
Rosemary lift her hand, then it fell back
lifelessly on the coverlet. She had won-
derful hands, small, smooth, exquisitely
molded. So many middle-class women
have hands that betray them. But had
Rosemary been of the middle class? In
station, yes—she couldn’t help that; but
the soul of a Catherine of Russia had
been born in her. He had not under-
stood her, but since she had gone out of
his life he had read a great deal, and
tried gropingly to grasp the meaning of
things. She recalled to him now the
great, deliberate, agnostic mistresses of
kings, who smiled down from a great
height on their lowly beginnings. . . .
All personal feeling had died out of his
heart, all rancors, all old hates. He only
remembered.

  It must have been one or two o'clock
in the morning when suddenly she
stirred, moaned, began softly to babble,
to toss about on the bed. At first he
could make out nothing she said. Then
with difficulty he caught the words
“Bob” and “home.” He was Bob—and
presently he knew that Rosemary was
whispering incoherently of their first
days together. His heart leaped into his
throat—stood still. She—this marvelous
sinner who had broken every rule, yet
who somehow commanded people's ad-
miration—was murmuring of the little
flat with the window in the air-shaft and
the crippled furnace!

  “So cold!” she muttered; and he tried
to draw the gorgeous rose-wool puff
about her. But he knew she was think-
ing of those dreary rooms.

  “Forgive—” she began once; and he
comprehended the reason she had asked
him here. She felt that she had wronged
him. Well, she had; but perhaps he had
wronged her, too. One can’t keep an or-
chid with the treatment under which a
sunflower thrives.

  The tears were running frankly down
Elizabeth Burgess Hughes

55

  his face by now, and suddenly he leaned
  over her and began to talk. Ail the pent-
  up tenderness for the woman who had
  betrayed him swept into his tremulous
  tones. He told her that he had long ago
  forgiven her, that she had never had any-
  thing really to fear from him, that he
  had loved her and known all the time that
  he was not good enough for her.

    Her broken babbling ceased at his
  voice. She lay inertly, her eyes open.
  He wondered if she could understand
  what he was telling her. He went on
  talking, quietly enough, but in his tones
  throbbed everything he had ever felt for
  her. . . . She seemed to be rallying, re-
  viving; her pulse had quieted somew'hat,
  her flesh felt cooler to the touch. But
  he knew that it was only that astonishing
  flare of energy that often conies just be-
  fore the end.

And then it happened. She lifted her
body suddenly, almost with a spring. Her
hair slipped down about her face, and
she tossed it away with a quick, shaky
movement. Her lacy gown showed the
fine white slope of her shoulders, her
splendid throat, her wonderfully molded
‘ <arms. Thsft horrible turtle-turn of
; Wayne’s machine- had crushed out her
life, but it had taken little of her beauty.
, Her eyes stared about the room, then
came to rest on him. They were sane
I and clear. She was conscious and she

i	recognized him.

] And in that moment Magnan knew the
truth. He read those wide eyes as if

I1	he had been a clairvoyant. He saw

4	gleaming there—hate! Hatred of the
I years that had followed Carpenter’s
•• death; hatred of his weakness that could

-	not hold her in the little flat; hatred of

ii	his jealousy, which had taken-away all
r1 her chance of being a happy woman, an
v [ordinary woman; hatred for his part in

iithis rich house and all that filled it;

  That flash of recognition went instant-
ly. She dropped back weakly to the
bed, and lay huddled there, eyes closed.
When she opened them they were no
longer clear, but clouded with the mist
of delirium.

  For what seemed a century Magnan
sat on in a stupid silence, watching her
face. The blow of that revelation had
left him temporarily without feeling. He
heard a clock strike three, then the half-
hour. . . . lie buried his face in his
hands.

  Out of the silence Rosemary’s golden
tones came as electrifyingly vivid as
lightning. He sucked in his breath
sharply at that abrupt cry; his face wait
gray. . She was holding out her hands,
her face convulsed with repentant en-
treaty. She was trying to beg something.

  ‘‘Forgive . . . forgive!”

  He dropped down beside her, trem-
bling. The centuries seem to whirl past
him as he listened. Could he make her
see tliat he had long ago forgiven her?

 “forgive mt— Thcron! Forgive—”

  The dawn, unhealthily yellow—an ugly,
pale yellow, like badly pero.xided hair—
stole through the lace draperies. The
doctor and the nurse entered the sick
room almost simultaneously.

  The nurse Rooked at the face on the
pillow, touched the pulse, turned to the
doctor in astonishment.

  “She's sleeping naturally! She’ll he
conscious w'hen she wakes. I don’t un-
derstand it, Doctor. She’s past the
crisis—she's better!'’

  But Doctor Parnell was looking keenly
at the night watcher, who sat stiffly si-
lent, his head on his breast. The doctor
bent down to him, made a quick examina-
tion.

  “H’tn f* muttered the doctor. "Heart
failure.”

  Magnan was dead.
SHE LOVES ME!

By Hale Merriman

gHE loves me!

    Until last night I never guessed, never dreamed that she cared.

     She has always been so apparently indifferent, so casual.

     But last night I discovered that she has loved me all the time—that it was all
a mask—maidenly shyness. She confessed it.

    It came about in this way:

    I was just reading over the evening papers when there came a timid rap upon
the door of my bachelor apartment. Kato, my Japanese servant being out, I an-
swered the door myself.

    She shrank back as if contemplating flight when she saw me—covered her face
with her hands.

    Alarmed, as well as astonished, I drew her into the room.

    She melted into my arms, clung to me passionately, kissed me.

    She spoke in broken sentences. She could endure it no longer. She loved me
so! It was stronger than pride, greater than maidenly reserve.

    It was like a flame that scorched and seared and consumed her and would not
be satisfied. Would I be kind to her, merciful?

    She was lovely. ... I have always coveted her. My fragmentary phrases
mingled with -her own. Our lips clung. Kisses turned to wine upon them.

I would have asked her to marry me long ago, but I am such a penniless beggar!

    But she loves me for myself alone. Having compromised herself by appearing
unchaperoned at my apartments, she suggested that we be married at once. Before
the midnight bells rang out over the city, we had been made one forever.

By Jove, the wonder of it! That queenly creature loves me for myself alone!

    How glad I am. . . . Otherwise—

    —She might be disappointed when she finds out that it was not her newly
acquired husband but a cousin of the same name who inherited the fortune mentioned
in the afternoon papers.
The Marriage of Jones

By Holly Edwards

CHARACTERS

               General Bob Jones, a young soldier of fortune.

               Wong, his Chinese servant.

              Violet Hope, a girl from Home.

          SCENE:—A room in the house of General Bob Jones,
          in a Chinese city. Doors at right and left, window at
          back. Small table, with papers and writing materials,
          right centre. Taboret at back, holding brandy decanter and
          glasses. High-backed armchair beside it at left. Two
          chairs right and left of table, right centre.

               The whole room is typically Chinese, but strewn about
            are various articles which proclaim the nationality of the
            owner. A small American flag is draped over one of the
            doors.

                At the rise of the curtain, the stage is empty. Almost
            immediately, Wong enters, right. Evidently he has been
            drinking, for he is none too steady on his feet. He looks
            cautiously around and goes to taboret. Takes up decanter
            and pours some of the brandy into a glass. As he starts
            to drink, General Bob Jones enters, left. Bob sees Wong,
            strides across stage, seizes him by the shoulder and whirls
            him around. Snatching the glass from Wong’s hand, he
            sets it down on taboret.

Bob (angrily)	that. If you want to Fourth of July, go

   You thieving Chink, you, how many out in the street and yell and shoot off
times have I told you to keep away from firecrackers with the rest of the maniacs,
that brandy? If you don’t let that de- They’ll be at it pretty soon,
canter alone, I’ll skin you alive and nail	Wong

your yellow hide to the door!	Yes. Palade—fireworks. Make heap

Wong (in a conciliatory voice)	hell of a noise. Mister Bob no get mad.

  Mister Bob no get mad. Wong cele-	Bob

blating Chinese Lepublic Day. Wong I will if you don’t hustle up and cook
flee man now—all same Melican. Do as my breakfast. And see if you can do a
like. Celeblate.	decent job for once in your life. Your

Bob (giving him a shake)	blamed old government hires me to come

Well, you needn’t celebrate with my over here and reorganize the army, and
brandy. You can't do as you like with then you try to kill me with your poison-

57
58

The Marriage of Jones

ous cooking. Get a move on, now; these
early drills give me an appetite like a
shark. (He unbuckles his belt, turns to
taboret, lays belt and revolver down on
it.) Is there any mail for me?

Wong

  One. (Crosses to table right centre,
takes up a letter, and hands it to Bob,
who looks at the address.)

Bob (in disgust, throwing letter down on
table again.)

This isn’t for me, you fool. It’s for
the Reverend Algernon Jones, that
psalm-singing hypocrite of a missionary!
Wong

  So? His name like yours. Have same
ancestors, maybe?

Bob

  I should say not! if I had, I wouldn’t
admit it. Thank Heaven, he’s no relative
of mine! If he were I'd feel obliged to
assassinate him for the honor of the
family. When I think of the real mis-
sionaries out here, the earnest workers
who are doing good, hampered by that
spineless dub of a grafter, I’m tempted
to kill him. anyway. And I’ll bet the
people that sent him here think he’s a tin
saint. Gee. he’s a slick one! I may be a
soldier of fortune, but I’m hanged if I'd
stoop to the tilings he does.

Wong (nodding wisely, although he has
  not understood the half of what Bob
  has said)

  Soldier no stoop. Soldier palade.
(Hopefully.) All soldier palade to-day,
Mister Bob?

Bob (emphatically)

  They do not! My command stays in
barracks. There’ll be quite enough noise
without ’em. (Wong looks greatly dis-
appointed. Bob turns and picks up letter
from table again, studying the address.)
A girl’s handwriting—and postmarked
San Francisco—hornet Probably it’s
from the woman who’s coming out to
marry Algy Jones. I’m sorry for her—
but she can't amount to much if she’d
pick him for a husband* (He sighs pro-
digiously.) Heigh-ho! I wish some of

the girls I used to know would write to
me. I'd give a year’s pay to see just one
girl from home. (He stands for a mo-
ment with bowed head, his eyes fixed un-
seeingly on the letter. Then he tosses it
back on the table, recovering himself
with a jerk. He speaks suddenly and
loudly.) Wong, what the devil are you
waiting tor? (The glass which IVong
has just started to raise again to his lips
falls to the floor with a crash.) Con-
found you, you yellow heathen!

Wong (spreading out his hands with an
ingratiating smile)

  Mister Bob no get mad. Chinee free
now. (With somewhat uncertain defi-
ance.) Do as like!

Bob

   I shouldn't advise you to try it around
here! Now get a move on. I'm going to
get cleaned up, and after breakfast you
take that letter over to Algy. (He
speaks the name with ironic emphasis.
He crosses and exits, right. Wong
watches him cunningly and then turns
back to the taboret. Takes another
glass, fills it, and sits down in armchair,
slipping low, so that his head is out of
sight. There is a knock on door left.
Wong dofS net hear. Another knock.
Still Wong pays no attention. The door
opens, and Violet Hope enters. She is
a very pretty girl, with yellow hair and
big blue eyes. She stands just inside the
doorway, looking into the room.)

Violet (clasping her hands ecstatically)
And so this is Algy’s home—my home
to be! I wonder where he is—dear, dear
Algernon! ( Wong's round face appears
over the back of the chair.) Oh. there'^
his servant! (Wong wriggles out of
chair and stands up.) Is Mr. Jones in
Wong (moving toward her with rather
unsteady steps)

  Mr. Jones dlessing.

Violet

  Please tell him I’m here, (She close>
the door behind her and moves down ft'
centre oj^joom.)
Holly Edwards

59

           Wong
 Who I tell him?

    Violet (with pleasant smile)

  I’m Miss Violet Hope, the young lady
he’s going to marry, you know.

    Wong (slowly and mystified ly)
  Mister Jones mally?

               Violet

  Yes, of course. Hasn’t he told you?
Wong (looking around, as if unable to
believe his ears)

  No. No—he no tell Wong.

              Violet

   Well, of course, it doesn’t matter. Tell
him I’m here, please. (She turns to
table, and sits down in chair at left of it.
Wong watchcs her interestedly, turns
away, and picks up the glass he has set
dozvn. He looks from her to the door
through which Bob has gone, starts for
it, then apparently thinks better of it and
sits down in armchair again.) Wrhy,
here’s my letter! (She picks up letter
from table and turns it over in her
hands.) And unopened! That must be
the reason Algy didn’t meet me; he
didn't know what time I’d get here.
Well, it doesn't matter now; I’m here,
and as long as he has me, he won’t need
the letter. (She tears open the envelope,
takes out enclosure, and reads aloud.)
“Dearest Algernon: When you receive
this, I shall be on my way to you. For
the first time in twelve years, we shall
look upon each other’s faces. I wonder
if you will know your little Violet ? I
so long to be with you, to stand by your
side and help you in your great mission-
ary work. It gives me a strange feeling
to know that in such a short time we
shall be married—that I shall be Mrs.
Jones. Be sure to meet me on my ar-
rival.” (She stops reading, sighs, and
looks around.) Of course he didn’t know
what time I was to arrive. And this is
his home! What a pretty room this is!
(She turns and sees Wong, who is stand-
ing by the armchair.) Why, haven't you
gone yet? Hurry, please! (She: turns
back to table. Wong starts toward door

right.) Dear Algernon, out here all
alone, working so hard to raise up the
heathen! (IVong catches his foot in a
rug and falls to floor -with a crash. Violet
runs to him.) Oh, are you hurt?

 W ong (blinking up at her gravely)
 No fall. Just sit down to lest.

Violet

Oh!

Bon (yelling off-stage)

 ^ ou yellow devil, what are you doing
 in there ? ( Violet starts and looks appre-
 hensively toward door right. Enter Bob,
 coatless, the collar of his shirt turned in,
 drying his hands on a towel.) Wong,
 what, the hel—hello! I beg your par-
 don ; I had no idea anyone was here.

 (Wong stumbles to his feet and goes
 out hurriedly, door right.)

    (Violet (going forzvard timidly)
 Here—here I am !

    Bob (stammering in surprise)

 Yes—yes, er—so I see. It’s very nice
 and—and all that, you know.

Violet (appealingly)

 Don’t you know me?

Bob (much taken aback)

Know you? (Stares at her. then
speaks with great cordiality.) Why-—
why, yes, of course. Know you? Well,
I should say I do! (Aside.) I mean I’m
going to!

v	Violet

And aren't you glad to see me?

Bob (with enthusiasm)

 You bet your life I am! (Aside.)
 And that’s no lie! She’s a peach—but
 who the dickens is she, anyhow? I
 ought to know her, I suppose.

Violet (timidly)

 You—you don’t act as if you were—
 so—so very glad.

Bob (getting flustered)

 Why—why to tell you the truth, I—I
 don’t know how to show you how glad
 I really am. What would you do in my
 place ?

Violet (very much embarrassed, blush-
ing)

Why, I—I—I—if you’ll please turn
60

The Marriage of Jones

your head, I'll—I'll show you. (He
turns his head, and slit' goes slowly up
to him. She hesitates an instant, then
stands on tiptoe and kisses him behind

 the ear. He tuhirlsjnstantly, his face the
 picture of amazed bezcilderment.)

Boo

 Well, what do you think of that! (He
 stares at her, while his amazement
 changes to delight.) Why—why how
 stupid of me uot to know that that was
 the tiling to do under the circumstances!
 But I didn’t know that you’d like it.
 (He sweeps her into his arms and kisses
 her again.) Do you? (Violet nods shy-
 ly, hiding her face against his shoulder.)
 All right; I'll take the same. (He kisses
 her agasn, several times. Wong's face
 appears at door left, instantly to vanish
 again.)

V iolet (sighing)

Oh, dear. I’m so glad I'm here at last!

Bob

So am 1! (He leads her to chair and
sits down on arm of it. holding both her
hands in his.) I never was so glad of
anything in my life! But you must be
hungry. I'll bet you haven't had break-
fast. Have you ?

Violet

No. I—

Bob

 Well, we ll have it right away. I was
 just waiting— (Raising his voice and
 calling.) Wong! (Wong enters, right.
 Bob speaks without looking around.)
 Where’s that breakfast, Wong? Isn’t
 it ready?

Wong

Mister Bob no get mad.

Bo*

I want you to hurry up. Serve it tor
two, do you hear? (Wong goes out.)

Violet

 Do tell me about your work. I’ve been
 so anxious to talk it orer with you. Do
 you hold exerci<&$ cverv dav or just once
 a week?

         ^ Bob

Every day. I hare to drill the lazv

 beggars every morning, or they'd forget
 everything I’ve taught ’em.

Violet

 Oh, how dreadful! But surely they're
 not all so bad. You must have some
 promising material, liaven’t you?

Bob (enthusiastically)

 I should say I have! I’ve got one di-
 vision that can ride and shoot and sweat
 like Yankees.

Violet (horrified)

They swear?

Bob (cheerfully)

First English they learn. 1 expect
they get it from me.

Violet (more horrified)

From you? Surely you don’t use pro-
fanity?

Bob (laughing)

Hah! Don’t I, though! It’s tlie only
way to make these Chinks obey orders.
But I’ll make good Christian soldiers of
’em yet—if I don’t kill 'em first.
Violet (uncertainly)

 That is so different from the methods
 at home—but I suppose you have to be
 more stem with the heathen. You must
 tell me more so that 1 shall understand.
 I’m so anxious to help you with your
 work. I want to help you to teach this
 great army.	~

Bob (in amazement)'

What/ You want to help me drill the
army? Are you a militant suffragette"'
Violet

Oh, no. no! But I had a class in the
Mission Sunday School, you know.
Bob ’{staring at her blankly, and Uuru
bursting inio laughter)

Well, believe me, this is no Sunday
School job! (He keeps locking at her.
Speaks as if struck with a sudden
thought.) Do you know, you look mighty
good to me?

Violet (a little primly)

 I try to be.

£><_r

What? You try to be—?

Violet

Good But I feel so useless I want
Holly Edwards

61

 to be of some active help—to do some
 good in the world.

Bob

 You have. You’ve done me a lot of
 good already. How did you happen to
 come here?

Violet

 They directed me here from the sta-
 tion.

Bob

 Well, they sure sent you to the right
 place.

Violet

 Yes, of course they did. Everyone
 seemed to know Mr. Jones. (Shyly.)
 But, dear—when is the ceremony to be ?
 Have you arranged everything?

Bob (surprised)

Ceremony? What ceremony?

Violet (with pretty embarrassment)

I mean—our wedding ceremony.

Bob

 Great Scott, but you do go some, girlie!
 (Looks dozvn at her uncertainly, then
 suddenly makes up his mind.) But I
 believe I like it! I’m game if you are 1

V	iolet

 Game ? What game ?

Bob

 The matrimonial game. Well talk
 it over and decide just what we want to
 do, then I’ll send Wong for the Rever-
 end Algernon, and he—

Violet (interrupting)

 The Reverend Algernon? Algernon
 what ?

Bob

 Jones, The Reverend Algernon Jdnes,
 bless his heart! Shall we—

Violet

Why, his name is the same as yours!

Bob (scornfully)

 What? Do I look as though my name
 were Algernon?

Violet (ifi distress)

But why—why—you’re my Algy,
aren’t you?

Bob

 I’m yours, all right., but Algy—my
 dear girl—

Violet (jumping- up and backing away
from him in dismay)

 Aren't you the Reverend Algernon
 Jones?

Bob

 Nit, not, no. In other words, nothing
 doing! I’m General Bob Jones, Com-
 mander-in-Chief of the Chinese forces
 stationed in the city. And I—

Violet

 Oh! (Her voice rises hysterically.)
 Oh, you horrid, hateful man! You've
 deceived me ! You—

Bob (interrupting vehemently)

 1 did nothing of the sort! You came
 here and kissed me and told me you were
 going to marry me. I didn't deceive you
 at ail. Wbat did you come here for if
 you didn’t like me?

VlOtET

I—I came out here to marry Algy. I

—he—

Bob (interrupting again)

 What made you say you were going to
 marry me, then?

   '	Violet

 I—I didn’t!

Bob (firmly')

 You did. And you asked me when,
 too.

Violet

But—but I thought you were Algy.

Bob

 Thought I was Algy! Don’t you know
 him when you see him?

V	iolet

 No. I haven’t seen him since I was a
 little girl. We’ve just written to each
 other.

Bob

 You mean he proposed to you—made
 love to you in letters? Is that it?

Violet

 Yes.

Bob (disgustedly )

 If that isn’t just like Algy! Well, be-
 lieve me, little girl, I’ve got the corres-
 pondence-school method beat by a city
 block. (Starts toward her.) Just let
 me show you—
62

The Marriage of Jones

Violet (starting away with a cry)

 Oh, no, no, no!

Bod (reproachfully)

 You didn't run and scream a little
 while ago.

Violet

 But I thought you were Algy.

Bob

 Algy be— Look here, you haven't
 seen Algy. When you do, you’ll scream
 louder and run harder.

Violet (defensively)

Algy is a good man—a noble man.

Bob

 Oh, but his face! I’m no prize-contest
 beauty, and I'm not good, but—

Violet (interrupting)

 I’m a stranger in the city, and I don’t
 know where Mr. Jones lives; but I must
 ask you to send for him at once.

Bob

 Oh, I say! Look here, little girl, I
 don’t want to send for Algy. (Speaks
 seriously and earnestly.) I want you to
 marry me—honestly, I do. I'm not such
 a bad sort of chap. and I’ve fallen for
 you good and hard. You liked me well
 enough until you found out my name
 wasn't Algernon. Good Lord, I’ll
 change it, if you’ll change your mind!

Violet (refusing to look at him)

Will you send for Mr. Jones?

Bob

 But, listen—

Violet

 If you won’t, I'll go to him myself.
 (She starts toward door, left.)

Bob (imploringly)

 If you’d only listen to me—just a min-
 ute! (Aside.) I can’t let her go to that
 boob—a girl like her! But how am I
 going to stop her? (There is a sudden
 tumult outside. The street echoes with
 shouts, the explosions of firecrackers, the
 sound of drums and banging of metal on
 metal.) That confounded celebration!

Violet

 Oh, what’s that? (She looks fright-
 ened and rushes to window at back.)

Is it a boxer uprising, or another revo-
lution ?

Bob

Why, it’s— (He stops abruptly, a
light breaking over his face. Speaks
aside.) The very thing! (To Violet.)
You can’t go now! It’s a mob! Quick
—let me bar the door! (He rushes to
door left and locks it.)

Violet

Oh, save me, save me! (She runs to
him in fear.)

Bob (grandiloquently)

Have no fear. They shall not harm

you.

Violet (hiding her face on his shoulder)
You won’t let them kill me, will you?

Bob

No one shall touch you, except over my
dead body!

Violet

Oh, you’re so brave! But what shall
we do? What shall we do?

Bob

Let me think, dear. (Aside.) Damn
it, what shall I do? (He gets a sudden
inspiration.) If I can only get a message
to my troops!

Violet (hysterically)

Oh, don’t leave me!

Bob (holding her tight)

You bet your sweet life I won’t!
(Suddenly recollecting the role he has as-
sumed.) I mean, never, so long as we
both live. I'll send a trusty messenger.
(Calling.) Wong! (Still with his arm
about Violet, he stoops over table, picks
up pen and writes hurriedly. Reads,
aside) “To Colonel Sing:—Parade your
troop past headquarters at once. R.
Jones, General Commanding.” (Wong
sidles in, door right. He is more un-
steady than before and blinks at Bob
with drunken graz'ity.) You loafer!
(Releases Violet, goes up to Wong and
shakes him by the shoulder.) What do
you mean by getting in this condition ?

Wong (smiling foolishly)

Mister Bob no get mad. W ong cele-
blate.
Holly Edwards

63

Bob

Go out and send a coolie to Colonel
Sing with this note. Then go around
the back way and pound like blazes on
that door over there. Understand?

Wong

Wong go. Mister Bob no get mad.

(Bob unfastens door left, and Wong
lurches out. Bob accelerating his prog-
ress with a kick. Bob locks door behind
him and returns to Violet.)

Violet

 Will he do it ?

Bob (darkly)

I can't tell. He may be one of the
rioters. (Violet gives a little cry and
sways toward him. He puts his arms
about her. Speaks majestically.) But
I will save you. Keep close to me.
(Takes revolver from the taboret. ) I
will defend you with my life!

 (The noise without is steadily increas-
 ing. Violet shrinks close to Bob.)

Violet

 Oh, I’m so frightened!

Bob

Courage! I am here.

Violet

Oh, you're so brave—so noble—
(There is a sudden pounding on the door.
Violet screams and buries her face on
Bob's shoulder. He grins ecstatically.)
Oh, what’s that?

Bob

The mob. m They’re trying to get in.
But be brave—I will hold them at bay.
(He strides to door, flourishing revolv-
er.) Beware! The first man who enters
forfeits his life. (Leans forward and
speaks through panels of door.) Good
work, Wong! Go at it, old boy!

 (The noise increases, growing steadily
 louder and more menacing. There are
 violent thuds on the door.)

VrOLET

 Oh, don’t let them get in !

Bob (over his shoulder)

Courage, sweetheart! (Through the
door to Wong.) Easy, Wong—easy I
That’s enough! You’ll have the door

down! (The noise keeps on getting
louder. Bob rushes back to Violet, who
throws herself into his arms.)

Violet (in hysterical terror)

Oh, can’t you drive them away?

Bob

I’ll do my best. If we can only hold
out until the troops come! (There is a
thunderous crash on the door. Bob
rushes back to it.) The first man in this
room dies like a dog. (Through the
door). Wong, you fool, cut it out! I
tell you, you’ll have the door down!

Violet

Oh, oh!

Bob (hurrying back to her)

Don’t be frightened, sweetheart. I’m
here wrth you.

Violet (sobbing)

Yes, you are here.

Bob

I'll take care of you—always, if you'll
let me. Will you?

VI	OLE!

Yes, yes! Only, don't leave me—
don’t!

Bob

Never! And you love me? Say you
do! (A tremendous crash comes on the
door. Violet screams wildly and throws
her arms around his neck.)

Violet

Oh, can't you stop it?

Bob (savagely glaring at the door)

No, confound it, I can’t! (He for-
gets his heroic role, throws down his re-
volver in disgust, and starts toward the
door, which is beginning to tremble. Vio-
let picks up the revolver, waving it wild-
ly. There is another crash, and the door
splinters in. With a scream, Violet shuts
both eyes, points the revolver anywhere
but at the door, and pulls the trigger.
There is a loud explosion; simultaneous-
ly the panels of the door give way en-
tirely and Wong falls into the room. He
has an ax in one hand and a bunch of
firecrackers in 'the other.)

Violet (rushing to Bob)

Oh, I’ve killed a man—I’ve killed him,
64

May Dusk

#

 but I've saved your life! ^She clings
 to him.)

Ben (furiously)

 Yes, you've shot a damn’ bad cook!
 (They go toward Wong, who opens
 his eyes and wink's feebly and with in-
 ebriated gravity at Bob.)

           Wong

 Mister Bob no get mad. Wong pound
 like hell.

              Violet
 Oh, isn’t he dead ?

Bob (disgustedly)

 No, worse luck; only drunk as a lord.
 (Sound of bugles off—drums and
 martial music.)

              Violet

 The troops! We are saved!

Bob (holding her in his arms)

 But you don’t want to go now, do
 you?

Violet (shyly)

 I—I must. Unless—you send—for—
 for Algernon.

               Bob

 What? You’re going to turn me
 down, after all ? You still want to marry
 him?

               Violet

 No-o.

              Bob

 Then what—

               Violet
 To—to marry—us, dear.

Wong (scrambling to his feet and wav-
ing the firecrackers)

 Hooray! Celeblate! Mister Bob no
 get mad!

      QUICK CURTAIN

 MAY DUSK

        By Clinton Scollard

 'pHE dusk is weaving at its loom
 Of shadows, purple-dyed;

 The attar of the lilac bloom
 Drifts down the twilight-tide.

 Illusive veils of vapor wreathe
 The meadows wide outspread;

 While rhytlimically the young leaves breathe
 In slumber overhead.

 Drowsy with dreams the night birds croon,
 And o’er the hills afar
 Rises the lovely Dian moon
 With her Endymion star.
The Dark Pool

          By Mary Barratt

 SHE stood before the mirror, with
 uplifted hand tucking in a strand
 of hair, then dropped it to smooth
 an already creaseless gown. The face
 looking back at her was very girlish.
 Suddenly she realized this, drew closer,
 as if surprised. She was, in fact, very
 young, hardly more than a girl: but she
 had felt so much a woman. She blushed.
 Even then, hal£>consdous!y, she was
 aware that the blue of the dress, setting
 off the ivory of her shoulders and neck
 and the pale pink of her cheeks, was be-
 coming. A teasing thought leaped into
 her mind, unexpected, unwelcome. She
 ought to have felt this way the day she
 had stood before the glass at home, wait-
 ing to go downstairs to the strains of the
 wedding march—and she had not felt so
 at all. She had merely felt numb and
 unready. And now, in a tranquil twi-
 light. three years from that other twilit
 hour when she had married Monning and
 had come to spend her first summer here
 at the bluffs, for the first time she fell as
 she should have felt then! ... It was an
 absurd fancy. She tried to laugh it off,
 but her own voice sounded unnatural.
 All she could think of. somehow, was
 the casual, low refrain of Fresner, say-
 ing: “Do drop in and see the new water
 color to-morrow—and we’ll have tea
 brewed over the fireplace, and talk.”
 Surely it was a simple invitation; it
 might be even matter-of-fact, and yet—
 \ The disks of pink in her cheeks widened.

   Downstairs, in the large summer liv-
 ing-room, she saw her husband, his head
 bent over papers on the desk drawn into
 < a corner. Through the window the low-
 b—l s

ering sun caught the streaks of gray in
his hair. He looked so old just then, be-
fore he glanced up. The twelve years’
difference in their ages seemed present
and potent. Looking at him, she could-
n't help but recall the girlish vision her
dressing-table mirror had given back.
How old he was, and how young she
was!

  He turned from his papers and smiled
placidly, not without a gentle affection.

  “Going for a stroll?" he remarked as
if to a child.

  By this time she was toying absentlv
with some sprays of blazing-star in a
vase on the piano.

  “I guess so,” she returned languidly,
readjusting the tall stems. Then, with
a level glance at Monning, she added
frankly: "Hendry Fresner has a nVw
sketch. 1 am going to drop in to see it.
and take a cup of tea.”

“That’s good. Nice young chap. Fres-
ner.” He turned to his scattered sheets on
the desk. “Dinner’s at eight, I suppose?”
Why did he always put a tact of rou-
tine as a fiestion?

  “Yes, I suppose so.” she murmured;
and, dissatisfied with her tone, walked
over and dropped a hand lightly on the
gray-streaked head. “The sun will he
going down then. We’ll dine on the
piazza and watch it."

  He seemed almost embarrassed. . . .
What a funny fellow '

  “Good!” he approved, and was en-
grossed once more in the papers.

  She went out—across the veranda, over
the terraced lawn, down to the bluff
which overhung thq misty river. The

65
66

The Dark Pool

pungent aroma of pines filled her nos-
trils. There was a bite to the air; she
breathed it in deeply and her head went
up She walked briskly, thinking of the
tea "brewed over the fireplace.” She was
singularly eager '

  Gradually her pace slackened. Why
was she eager? Why did she feel like
this? She was not interested in Fresner’s
new water color—not especially. Tea
had no particular charm for her. These
were facts, and she admitted them can-
didly. She would rather walk. Trying
to analyze the thing, she remembered his
words, conventional in themselves, yet
somehow heightened by—she didn’t know
what—a tensity in his tone, perhaps a
dull glow in his tanned face. She saw
again the lighting of his gray eyes below
the high, smooth forehead, the straightly
brushed-back brown hair. She shivered
slightly, walking there on the bluff over
the river. Possibly it was the air—she
should have worn a wrap. The fall of
the water over the dam made a gurgling
music in her ears, rather chilling. Yes,
she would prefer to walk. . . . She
would walk rapidly, returning to dinner
the better for the exercise. Fresner
could hardly expect her.

  She halted abruptly. There, directly
before her. was his cabin, built of logs
and perched almost perpendicularly
above the river. In her sell-absorption
she had not reckoned on the path she
was taking. She should have turned into
another. Now she could almost reach
out and touch the old bronze knocker on
the door.

  Fascinated, she gazed at that door, at
the play of firelight through the s<piares
of vtiaJowpane. She took a step back-
ward. hesitated. Had she said she would
come5 But, then, certainly she could
change her mind! She would return
home at once. . . . She started precipi-
tately The dry branches crackled under
her feet.

  Then the door swung open, and Fres-
ner s voice was calling out cheerily:

  “I say, you’ve lost the track, haven't
you, Mrs. Monning?”

  She stopped, looking furtively over her
shoulder at the slender but stalwart
young form now advancing the short
sjrace between them.

  "No, no”—hurriedly. *T was ju^t—
walking."

  •’Oh!” The tone dropped from eager-
ness to disappointment. “1 heard you.
and hoj>ed you weTe coming in."

  It seemed the natural action for her
to put out her hand. He .held it briefly,
and an odd consciousness ot the touch
went through her. ‘T hoped.*' he was
adding, “that you were really going to
keep your promise.'*

  “Did I promise?”

  “The water color/’ he amplified has-
tily.

  "Yes—1 was coming, wasn’t I?” She
avoided his eyes.

  “And now?"

  “Variable woman’” She tried -
laugh.

  He did not join her.

  ‘Tin sorrv. And the kettle was over
the log?!’* His voice seemed faintK
husky.

  She hesitated. The twilight was still
broad; dinner would not lie served for
more than an hour, generally a dull
lour for her unless . . . Besides. ;he J
had said she would drop in, and to escape
now would be awkward. . . . She
yielded. They were going back together
his hand lightly on her ami.

  She said something pleasant, and now
laughed quite freely. He joined her in
a subdued tone. . . .

  The logs burned merrily. The fireii^ht
raced cozily along the walls and ceiling.
Meeting and mingling with the sunset
glow, it made mutahle frescoes of fight ;
and shade. The pictures, candlesticks, ^
bric-a-brac, took on a hazy, warm in- .
definiteness. The kettle sang.

  He drew up a low reclining chair fcr
her, and she relaxed, stretching cu*
her tiny feet toward the warmth, letting
Mary Barratt

67

them touch the andirons. It was homy
and comfortable. The fresh glow from
walking in the crisp outside air
showed in her cheeks. Ilcr eyes were
bright. She was like a healthy girl, en-
joying the creature comforts of the neat
cabin. Fresner dropped onto a furred
skin at her feet. She chattered, and he
listened. And, while she talked gayly
on, all the time she* was thinking to her-
self :

  “What a little fool I am! He is just
a youngster himself, hardly older than
I, and it is perfectly natural that I
should be glad to drop in and cheer him
up. Isn’t he young and—yes, hand-
some! I might be a twin sister. It’s
just youngness that makes us happy to-
gether. I have been getting too old. I
have been entertaining ridiculous fancies.
There w'as never anything simpler and
more harmless and innocent in the
world.”

  After awhile a silence settled on them.
Then, breaking it, she exclaimed:

  ‘‘But how stupid of me! The water

color!”

  ”Yes, to be sure—the water color.”

  The light was now poor, for which he
apologized. She went up to the picture,
and he put a finger on her arm to guide
her to a better view. She could sense
the touch and his nearness, rather than
feel it tangibly. She withdrew for a more
distant scrutiny.

  “It is beautiful/’ she murmured
sincerely. “It is the Arrow Bend, just
as we saw it that evening of the picnic,
when the sun was setting and the moon
rising at the same time.”

  “Yes,” he replied a little awkwardly
“It was that which I tried to reproduce.
I hoped—I am glad you recognize it.”

  He swung about and began the prepara-
tions for tea. She moved curiously about
the room, looking at him now and then.
How stalwart, how lithe, how free, he
was!

  She thought she heard something out-
side—a branch slapping the window,

doubtless—but a momentary alarm went
over her. Why? She was annoyed at
her pointless nervousness, and glad of his
summons to the small table he had pulled
up. with the cups white upon it.

  She had again settled luxuriously into
the easy chair. He filled a cup and held
it out to her. She lifted her hand to
take the cup, and for a second their fin-
gers touched. His appeared to tremble
slightly. Then suddenly the cup tot-
tered. He made a fruitless effort to bal-
ance it, and she jumped to her feet,
laughing as the frail china was shivered
on the hearth.

  In rising, involuntarily she had thrust
out her arms. Fresner had reached out
to steady her. They met in an uncalcu-
lated embrace, fleeting, flitting. Simul-
taneously both stepped back, flushing
scarlet. But the area before the fireplace
was restricted, and they were still close
to each other. Fresner’s lips were a
straight, tense line. His eyes held hers.
Then—he had impulsively caught her
hand in his. was leaning toward her, gaz-
ing into her eyes, breathing hard. Her
own breath was inexplicably rapid. A
little clock on the mantel chimed.

  “Marcia.” he cried hoarsely, his hands
a vise about hers, “it’s no use. I’ve tried
hard. I’ve fought against this moment,
but all the time I think I knew it had
to come. Oh. I kiteiv it, Marcia dearest,
because—because I love you !”

  She felt lax, terrified, immovable, a
new panic beating at her temples.

  “Hendry, you mustn't—say that,” she
heard herself pleading vaguely.

  “If I have—hurt you—” He struggled
with the words.

  “You haven’t hurt me,” she whispered.
“But we don’t know what—"

  Slowly, strong!)', irresistibly, he was
drawing her to him. She felt his breath
warm upon her face, his cheek for a
dizzy moment against her cheek, and
then, very slowly, tenderly, his lips upon
her lips, lingeringly, meltingly . . . while
the room whirled before her closed eyes.
68

The Dark Pool

Everything seemed unreal and far. far
away.

  A log crackled in the grate- She start-
ed back wildly.

  “Wh-what arc we doing?”

  "It was only the tire. dearest/’

  He extended his arms to her again,
was about to encircle with them the ivory
softness of her shoulders. With hands
uplifted, she pushed him from her, at
1'irst gently, then feverishly, fiercely.

  “No, no! Don't I** Her pulses were
heating a tattoo at wrists and temples.

J Ier eyes were large and bright and hard.
I le saw, and shrank awav.

  "Forgive me,” he faltered hoarsely.
"Heaven knows I tried. Heaven knows
how I’ve fought, Marcia."

  ‘‘There is nothing to forgive,” she said
slowly. "I came here: I k-t you do this;
I—practically invited it. Oh, yes. I did!
I ought to have known better. Hendry
Fresner! I did it myself, bur I don't
know why. I don’t know why!” She
was crying- bitterly, like a schoolgirl.
“No." she resumed after a brief pause,
during which she had gained control of
herself once more, “it isn't a matter of
forgiving, but—how I hate you!”

  He said nothing. His head drooped.
She moved deliberately across the room,
reached the door. He was still standing
with downcast face. A wave of innate
honest)'. a candor not to be denied,
swept over her.

  "I do not—hate—you/' she murmured
softly, and fled into the deepening twi-
light.

  The young man stood transfixed
where she had left him, looking down
dolly at the shattered teacup.

  For a time Marcia went on blindly,
heedless of direction. Stinging emotions
battled in her, confused, painful. Gradu-
ally. however, with the walking and the
sharp air, confusion ebbed, and her
fraught* began to come more coherently,
like a portentous pageant. . . .

  She was had. She was vile. She had
married Mooning when she was nine-

teen, without really loving him. That
was had. She didn’t know now exactly
why she had married him. He was good,
tender. He loved her; their life had
seemed happy. All the time—all her
brief young life, indeed—she had been
good and strong and honest; and now,
to-night, in one flirting, maddened, ir-
revocable moment, she had let Fresner
Itold her to him. and had let his lips meet
hers, had let the kiss sink into her soul,
polluting it. She had allowed it. and for
a Bashing second she had not cared. She
had been conscious only of a dim and
dizzy unreality. She had not meant that
this should happen. It was simply the
degrading pulse of young life—but it had
happened. Another instant, and she
would have snatched herself back, never
to let anything like that happen again.
But it was too late. She had sunk, in
that one minute, to the depths. In her
very, very young heart she felt the
weight of sin, heavy, and saw herself
soiled tor always.

  Now she knew, with a vast hopeless-
ness. that it was herself whom she hated.
Could she ever look at her husband
again? Possibly; she didn't know. But
she did know that never, never again
could she stand the scorching reproach
that her own mirror would send back to
her.

  She had reached the edge of the bluff
She stared down at the deep purple
waters of the river, swirling below the
dam; at the deep, tranquil pool beyond
the swirl. It was so Quiet. . . . There
was a path nearby, and, w ith swift reso-
lution, she followed it, halt stumbling,
hungrily, to the water’s edge.

  The sun had set. Darkness was al- j
ready in the valley, the plush curtain of :
early night. A breeze, sweeping a film ?
of mist before it, ran cold along the bank, j
She shivered. The fir trees moaned. (
chill also. The pool below her. so very »
near, seemed warm and still by contrast.
She looked sTeadily. fascinatedly, into the
placid expanse of the river, and at the
Mary Barratt

69

same time into the black and troubled
pool of her own soul. A quiver ran
through her body, in its incongruous blue
dinner gown. She stared fixedly at the
river before her, and her spirit grew
calmer as her strange courage rose. How
quiet, how peaceful, how obliterating, that
velvet mass of the river! Very slowly
she moved nearer the edge. . . .

  A voice above, hallooing—steps—the
swinging light of a lantern! For a mo-
ment she had the odious vision of Fres-
ner searching for her even here! But,
no, it was her husband’s call.

  She had paused too long. He was
upon her.

  “Oh, there you are, my dear. Such a
scare! I was afraid you had gotten lost,
or slipped, or something. Dinner’s wait-
ing, you know. Really, I don’t think it's
exactly safe to come here after sun-
down.”

  How could she look at him? Why had
she never felt the possessing strength of
him before? Why had she not thought
of him—then ? What—what wild and
frenzied thing, what selfish bewitchment,
had entangled her?

  “You are all right, dear?” he asked
tearfully, when she did not speak.

  “Yes, yes, quite all right.” she heard
a voice which must be her voice saying
evenly.

  They went up the path together, his
arm about her, strengthening; she was

walking as one newly awakened from an
exhausting dream.

  At the top of the path, a man's form!
Marcia drew closer to her husband.
“Hello! That you, Fresner?"

  ‘Yes. I—I heard you calling, and you
frightened me trom my frugal bachelor
supper.” The words came strained for
all their attempt at lightness.

  “I say. you arc a lonely bachelor, aren't
you? And bachelors, when they’re
young, are always hungry, aren’t they?
Marcia, why don’t we ask Fresner to
share our dinner with us?”

  “I’m afraid I really—”

  “Tut, tut!’’ the older man cut in.
“When Marcia insists, you have to come.
And you insist, don't you, Marcia?”
“Yes,” said Marcia faintly, “of course.”
Then she added more firmly : “You’d
better come, Mr. Fresner. because I
think we’ll be gemg back to town soon.
The days are getting cold."

  “Why,” exclaimed Monning, “*he fall
is the best time of the year here, my
dear!”

  “Oh. you’ll both stay, I’m sure,” Fres-
ner put in. “It’s we young ’uns—bache-
lors, Monning—who fly away. I’m leav-
ing myself this week.”

  They walked on in the darkness,
Marcia held close to Monning’s strong
arm. Down below she could hear the
river swirling over the dam. It was
swirling and swirling. . . .

rJ,HE war is over. Still you’ve got to admit that, in its way. it was a pretty good
     war as long as it lasted.

rJ,lIE peace conference is busy turning swords into plowshares. Experts have
discovered that you can hit a much heavier blow with a plowshare than with any
standard-sized sword.
                                                                   ft

CHANSON DE CABARET

By Archibald Sullivan

J-JE watched her from the table white,

    Go flashing through the crimson light,

       On little satined feet so slight.

      He saw the dancers row on row,

      Pass through the maze they called "the show,"
      And rainbows from the “spot'* turned low.

      At some brief signal or command,

She came to him—held out her hand.

They swept to meet the swimming band.

      “I am so very tired/’ she said,

      But faster still the music sped,

      And globes v. inked wildly over head.

He thought he held some flying thing,

  -	A girl upon a wild bird’s wing,

      A circling ruby that could sing.

      Her slender bod} flew around,

      Like thistle fluff on windy ground,

     And Pampas grasses all unbound.

      “I am so tired of whirl and rush.”

Her feet grew still and, oh, the hush.

      As she was lifted from the crush.

     Asked God: “Oh, you, from sound of drum,

      And noise that makes my stars stand numb.

For what small pittance have you come?

“What ease from crashing glass by hours,

      A paper world with tinsel flowers.

      Confetti playing rain in showers?*'

Then she who danced raised up her head,

With stammering weariness and said:

     “Dear God of Heaven—just a bed/'
A Night at Jacqueminot’s

    »

                   By Elmore Elliott Peake

I

  AS Valentine Kemp eased his car up
/\ to the horse block of the Posr
home :i slight, graceful girl, witli
auriferous streaks in her corn-colored
hair, strode swiftly down the door-waik,
pulling at her glove. As she sank into
the seat beside Kemp he saw that her
lashes were wet.

  "Father any better. Shirley?’'

  “The doctor—thinks so." she answered
brokenly. **But he—he looks so awful!
And he can't mover’

  The> siop;>ed at the Kttle railroad sta-
tion. When the train drew in, a modish
young woman in lavender-gray from top
to toe, with a black traveling-bag at her
side, descended to the platform. For an
instant her eyes flicked the group of by-
standers. with that assured air which
comes with learning one’s way about the
world. Then she spied the objects of
her search.

  “It’s so good to see you both again!’'
-he exclaimed in a resonant, musical
voice, after embracing her sister Shirley
and giving her gloved hand to Valentine
Kemp.

  As the trio edged toward the automo-
bile Aline Post greeted several acquaint-
ances. opposing their gravity with i
persistent cheerfulness that probably
provoked comment later. This cheerful-
ness. however, soon vanished. On the
short ride to the house, along streets fa-
miliar to her from childhood, a rebellious
expression clouded her handsome face
and narrowed the line of her scarlet lips,
as rf she resented such a homecoming.

But at the touch of her mother’s arms
she slaked like lime.

  “Poor little Mother! Poor little
Mother!" she crooned huskily. Then,
after a moment: “Did you telegraph for
RandaH too ?’•

  *'Xo. I doubted if the poor boy had
the money tor his fare borne. Doctor
Barrows says your father will live,
though he'll never walk again. He’s be. .1
asking for you for hours. I believe i'i
go right in You must be prepared :•
great change.' she added, with quiver mg
lips.

  Aline Post knelt beside her paralyzed
father’s bed and covered one of his --old.
nerveless hands with her own. He lid
not speak or smile, merely fixed his lus-
trous eyes upon her with tliai deta di-
luent. that other-worldliness, which
haunts the face of those who have stood
on the brink of the dark river and
strained their vision for a glimpse of the
misty farther shore. But at last his lips
moved—tutilely at first.

  “Dat:^ iter It was a wavering, j :
ing note. “You have come to help me—
in mv battle with the phantoms of
death r'

  “Yes. Daddy. And we'll win. The
doctor savs so."

  For half a minute lie seemed to w -igh
and sort her words, laboriously, pvn-
fuily.

  “Yes. PH live—a while. Not too long.

I	hope—for your motlier’s sake and
yours. The earth is for the living, the
grave tor the dead. There is no place
between for the half-living, half-dead.”

  “Yes. there is. Daddy, ves. there is—

71
72

A Night at Jacqueminot’s

in the bosom of love!" she cried eagerly,
with her transfigured face close to his.

  “Forgive me!'' he murmured, s.nd
wearily closed his eyes.

  When sure that he slept, she slipped
noiselessly away.

II

  The two sisters undressed in Aline's
old room, now Shirley s, with its sloping
ceiling and dormer windows. Shirley was
pretty enough, hut, side by side with
Aline, she was eclipsed by the other’s
dusky, Hebean beauty, of a ripeness, a
fullness, an amplitude throughout which
registered her twenty-seven years. And
as she moved about, unpacking, in her
sleeveless nightdress of rose pink,•the
younger sister's eyes glowed with pride
and devotion.

  “There’s a rainbow rag for you. Peg-
gy,” remarked Aline, tossing over a pale
blue blouse of Georgette crepe. After
extricating herself from Shirley’s grate-
ful arms, she continued: “These gloves
are for Mother—gray instead of black.
We are not going to let her make up for
a grandmother’s part yet. I bought
these things a week ago, on the strength
of landing that soloist’s position in the
Summerfield Methodist Church.”

  “Is it a swell church?” asked Shirley.
“Not a bit. It’s downtown in a grimy
boarding-house district. It’s rich, I’ve
heard; but the rich members live miles
away and don’t come often. They run
it as a kind of mission.”

  “You probably see enough of swells
in those millionaires’ homes you sing in,”
observed Shirley enviously. “How do
they treat you, Allie? I r.iean, what is

♦	heir social attitude?”

  "Entirely lacking,” answered Aline
humorously, “They rank me somewhere
between the doorman and the butler.”
’’Like fun! But tell me something
about it. Where do you stand, for in-
stance. when you sing?”

  In an alcove—behind palms or box-
trees—on a landing—a mezzanine floor
—any old place that is sufficiently out of
the way."

  “What's a mezzanine floor?”

  Aline answered this and forty other
questions as she continued her unpack-
ing.

  “I wish I could go to the city instead
of learning to teach school,” sighed Shir-
ley, curling up in a Morris chair. "Any-
way, I don’t see how I’m going to stay
at Normal any longer—now.” Her deli-
cately penciled brows suddenly arched
in a spasm of pain at thought of the
stricken father below.

  “We’ll manage somehow.” said the
other, rather soberly. “And, little sis-
ter, I’d sooner see you scrubbing floors
in Carthage than holding down a city
job—at your age. You’re altogether too
pretty.”

  “I’m not half as pretty as you. Be-
sides, what’s that got to do with it?”

  “Never mind. Now crawl in and go
to sleep while I write a letter.”

  When Shirley sank to her knees at the
bedside and bowed her burnished head
!her sister’s hands suddenly became still.
How often she herself had knelt in that
same spot, on that same old fluff rug!
Was it only two and a half years before?
Or was it in some previous state of ex-
istence which her soul had long since
sloughed off?

  Sitting at the little desk which had
been her father’s high school commence-
ment gift to her, she reread a letter from
her brother Randall, dwelling on the last
paragraph:

   If yon can possibly let me have twenty dol-
lars. Sis, send it at oner, f know you still
think I’m sporty; but. believe me, 1 have
learned my lesson, and I need this money bad.
But don’t send a draft. I should have to cash
it at our bank, which is the only one in town,
and I don't want them to know I’m getting
money from home. It's none of their business.

  Aline sat for some time with her hand
over her eyes, as if in deep thought, her
heavy black plait caressing her snowy
Eimore Elliott Peake

73

shoulder. Then she wrote a Setter, and
in i: enclosed two ten-dollar hills

  She snapped oE the light And crept
quietly into bed. But Shirley proved to
be still awake.

  *TX>n't you say your prayers any more,
Air* she asked, in softest accusation.
Aline was silent a guilty instant.

  "I seem to have been praying all day.
Peggy/*

  “You mean tor Father?'

 “For him—and Randall, you. and
Mother-—all of us. including Valentine
Kemp.”

  ‘‘Oh. I've been thinking, ever since
I got his telegram List night, how good
he has always been to our family”
Presently Shirley’s hand stole over to
cr sister's neck.

  “That isn't all, either. Allie.” said she
momentously. "Yal loves you! He as
good as told me so one Friday after-
noon when he was bringing me home
from Sheldon in his car."

  “You mustn't believe everything a man
tells yon. little osie,” admonished Aline.

       n old bachelor who would shy
a: matrimony like a wild horse of the
plains at a bridle. ‘

  “Old f* sniffed Shirley. “He must be
all of thirty-five.’’

m

  The subject of this pillow talk
drorped in the next morning, and an-
nounced that he was driving over Tylers-
ville way to attend a sale of Holstein
cattle.

“Come along." he entreated Aline.
"The country is decked out with apple-
a bride.’’

  Shirley shot her sister a knowing

        route lay along the river roa.1.
        the migrating prothonotary war-
        hot between the willows like
        «o<d. A shower that had fallen in
        -till gexr.-ned the earth's snccn-

lent robes of green. As the car spun
effortlessly along, a blessed relaxation*
such as she had not experienced for
months, stole over Aline. It was as if
the igor of the car were being trans-
fused to her veins.

  Or maybe, she reflected, it was the
vigor of the man driving :he car Pov-
erty had never prodded him as it had her.
The comfortable world in which he Hverf
was his by inheritance. Yet he was no
drones Master}’ was in his Mood : and
she smiled, betwixt admiration and some-
thing deeper, to see him perch oa a fence,
after reaching the Tenney stock-farm,
light a cigar, and . uy a thousand dollars'
worth of cattle before timtder men had
selected a single animal. The act exem-
plified his pet axiom that to know what
you want is the nrst long- step toward
getting it

  On the way back they stopped at Hay-
meadow Creek to gather marsh mari-
golds.

  "Sweet old place''’ murmured Aline,
as they sat down in the shade to rest
a moment. “The Smiday-STheo! hac a
picnic here years ago. T he beys rigged
a swing on a tree an d s-v ung Pearl Rivers
so high that she tell out and drsiocated
her shoolder. It took an hour and a
half to get a doctor from town. With
your sm-.Vace-wag.-n you could do it ir—
how many minutes?”

  "Twenty-rive." answered Valentine.
"I recall the incident, though I wasn't
present. If I am not mistaken, rt was
your brother Randaii. :. en a kid of :er:
or so. who gave Peari her unfortunate
rise in the world. By the way. has \e
struck his gait yerr**

  “I don’t know, Yal,’ she answered
softly. "He has a position that pai
him sixty a month. He has been or
mind ever since he was expelled !
college. I have always fancied that
something to do with Father’s
stroke/*

T had a letter from him the
day.” continued Kemp. "He wanted

ocn

iad
74

A Night at Jacqueminot’s

borrow fifty dollars. 1 didn't mention
it to your folks, but I thought you ought
to know. I let him have it.”

  “You shouldn’t have!” she exclaimed
with a flush. “You—you will probably
never get it back.’’

  “Probably not. Still, we don't know.
He said he needed clothes, ami 1 pre-
ferred to believe it. It won’t do to let
a youngster of his temperament get the
idea that he has no friends.”

  “But, Yak” she faltered. “I mailed him
twenty dollars only this morning, in re-
sponse to an urgent appeal.”

  ‘Tin sorrv to hear that" He plucked
a culm of grass, and after a moment
added earnestly: “Allie, you have a stag-
gering load to bear.”

  “Yes.’’ she assented simply. "But I
suppose shoulders were made for loads.”
“Not a woman's—for that kind of
load,” he protested. “1 might as well
speak the rest that’s in my mind. Allie,
I once asked you to marry me. I loved
you. I thought you loved me. But you
pleaded something about a career and
said no.’’

  ■'Yes.’’ Her voice was humble. “I
had my dream.”

  “It wasn’t your fault that it didn’t
come true.*'

  “It was nobody’s fault, I suppose. I
had a year of the best instruction before
Father failed. That was enough to have
put me on the bottom rung of the ladder
if I had had the voice."

  “You have a magnificent voice, if I’m
a judge,” he declared.

  She smiled at his valiant champion-
ship.

  “You are not a judge. Valentine. I
have just a practical, workaday voice—
good for the thing I am doing, or for the
lyceum and Chautauqua stage.”

  Again he was silent a moment.

  Was I no judge, either, when I
thought you loved mer”

  With drooping lashes and a faint suf-
fusion of her downy cheeks, she fingered
a spray of the wax}', yellow blooms.

  "You were warmer then, as we kid-
dies used to say in playing hide and
seek.” She laughed shyly and vouch-
safed him a peep into a pair of shining,
violet eyes.

  “So if no career had stood in the
way—” He let her divine the rest.

  "I should have settled down to making
pancakes for you of a morning? Oh,

1 might. You can never tell what a
girl will do."

  “Then, why not do it now'. Aline?”
.ie asked. “Let’s cut this Gordian knot .
and be happy together. If we love each
other and want each other, why not bend
circumstances to our end? I know, of
course, that you can’t abandon your
family. I am simply asking to be al-
lowed, as your husband, to get under that
burden—if I may speak so without of-
fense. You understand? I’d make a
settlement upon you. You would have
your private income, to take the place of
your present earnings. And it would be
the sweetest privilege of my life,” he
added pleadingly.

  For a moment she fumbled the flowers
with tremulous fingers.

  “I believe you. Val. But I couldn't—-
oh, I just couldn’t!” she exclaimed with
emotion. “I have no false sentiment about
accepting money from you. That would
be rating your money above your love.
It’s my folks of whom I‘in thinking.
Don’t you see, my dear one, the position
in which it would put them? They can
eat my bread cheerfully, but another’s,
even yours, might choke them.”

  “They would teil you to marry me."
he urged.

  “Yes. That’s one reason why I can’t.
I must be as generous, as quick for sacri-
fice, as they.”

  As with the knights of old, an obstacle
in Kemp’s path usually but heightened
his spirit. But here was one against
which his lance was of no avail. For an
interval he gazed with moody eyes across
the shimmering marsh.

  “So it means, does it, that you and I
Elmore Elliott Peake

75

must continue to tramp the road of life
with leagues between us?”

  She took his hand, with a sad little
smile.

  “For a time, at least. Maybe, some day
at sunset we shall by chance or kind
fate pause at the same wayside inn and
thenceforth go on together.”

  “Is that a pledger”

  “Yes.”

  "And will you seal it?”

  She took his cheeks between her palms
and, bending forward, kissed him—as
solemnly, as chastely, as if the green-
wood were a cathedral and the tree under
which they sat an altar.

IV

  The Reverend Gordon Hughes sat in
his study in the rear of Summerfield
Church. A drizzle of rain misted the
windows over, and the gloomy room
seemed a reflection of his soul. It was
one of those moments when the sin and
woe of the little world to which he minis-
tered weighed too heavily upon him. In
the past hour—an hour reserved for the
purpose—he had received three callers,
all women and all seeking solace. He
hoped no more would come. But just
as a neighboring tower-clock tolled five,
the usual signal for his release, the bell
again whirred and he admitted Aline
Post.

  Though he had never seen her outside
the choir-railing, Gordon Hughes had
more than once been acutely conscious
of his soloist’s rare beauty—and he was
under forty and still fancy free. But
now, confronted by her unexpectedly, in
the wake of the plain faces of his recent
callers, he was fairly startled by the
delicate colorng and texture of her olive
skin and the clean, sharp chiseling of
her nose and mouth. Her free, sure
stride; the proud uplift of her shoulders;
the gleam of a tapering arm tlirough
gmi/r these things were like the sudden

vision of a beautiful moth where only
bats were accustomed to flit.

  “I scarcely know why I am here, Doc-
tor Hughes,” she began, with visible agi-
tation. “You will doubtless think it
strange. But I know that you set aside
this hour for people who are in trouble.
I am in trouble. I thought you might
help me.”

  “I shall certainly do my best,” he as-
sured her. “Just telling one’s troubles is
often a help.”

  “I can’t tell you everything, but—my
father is an invalid, and I support the
family. I have a wayward brother who
is also an expense to me. I am not in
need of money,” she added quickly, “at
least, not in any way that you could help
me. I didn’t come for that.”

  She paused, crushing her meshed purse
in her hands, as if summoning resolution.

  “Since coming here, two years and
more ago, I have had my share of
struggle and heartache, and I have sur-
vived them. But recently something very
distressing happened—it's a very person-
al matter—and I seem to have lost my
nerve. This great city is crushing me.
Sometimes, about six o'clock, when the
roar of traffic is the loudest and the
crowds are thickest, it seems as godless
and as cruel to me as an arena of wild
beasts. It frightens me.”

  The minister’s line face was luminous
with sympathy.

  “Perhaps you have overworked.”

  “I have worked hard, and I don't sleep
well,” she admitted.

  “Life at one time or another presses
a good deal of bitter fruit to the lips of
most of us,” said he kindly. “I feel sure,
though, that with one of your courage
the crisis will soon pass. But tell me a
little more of yourself, if you will.”
“My profession.” said she, after a mo-
ment, “is singing at social functions in
well-to-do homes, I have been successful.
But in trying to analyze this evil that has
befallen me, I have wondered if I haven’t
paid too big a price for success.”
76

A Night at Jacqueminot’s

  “In just what way ?—if you don’t mind

saying.”

  "The use of men, for one thing,” she
answered, in a low voice.

   The pastor discreetly dropped his eyes
and shifted a paperweight on his desk.

   "In tl>ese big homes/' she explained, "I
get no social recognition, of course. I
am simply a hireling, like a cook But
if a woman has looks and a taste for
dress—and without them she can’t suc-
ceed in my business—she often attracts
the attention of young men. She receives
cards and flowers. Occasionally she is
clandestinely approached by these young
men in the homes of their mothers and
sisters. She is offered entertainment—
motor rides, dinners, theatres—above all.
a good word in quarters where it will
hdp her professionally. You will under-
stand that to accept these attentions is
playing with fire."

  “I can easily believe it,’’ murmured
Doctor Hughes.

  “Yet if a woman is strong—and skill-
ful—she comes to no harm, in the con-
ventional sense. I have used these men.

I have been a good fellow, as they call
it. I have drunk wine with them—
smoked cigarettes—danced in restau-
rants. It was that or nothing, you under-
stand. One is permitted to be good, in
an elementary way. but not prudish. By
all this I profited financially. In every
other way I have lost. My self-respect
has suffered. I am leading a double life.
1 am doing what I know appears evil to
others. Doubtless many people think me
—Impure. Above all. I am deceiving my
family. If my mother or sister could see
me some night—" Her throat tilled.

   Hughes gazed at his fair suppliant with
supreme interest.

   “This is certainly very distressing!" he
exclaimed. "Just how necessary are
these young men to your livelihood?”

  “Without them I should make less
money, and I don't see how I could make
less and still keep afloat” *

  "Society is a tree that bears its most.

perfect fruit and its ugliest galls side by
side—at the top,” he murmured, drum-
ming softly upon the table. “1 suppose
it has been so ever since the first man
acquired two loinskins to his brother’s
one. Frankly, Miss Post, you put me in
a quandary'. I could tell you that you
are a sinner; hut 1 don’t believe it. Of
crI don’t approve of a woman's
i	wine or smoking cigarettes. But

ti.e : i:e is this: you are setting some-
thing that is very' precious to you, like
a girl who sells her hair. Is it justiti- ^
able ? The truth is—and we can’t dodge
the fact even though we hate it—neces-
sity knows no law.”

  "I thank you, at least, for not handing
me a stone and calling it bread,” said
she, with a plaintive smile.

  “I wish 1 had the bread, though,” he
exclaimed wistfully. “There is One, you
know, w’hom we can lean upon when we
are faint Millions do lean upon Iiim
daily, my dear. Others, I must admit—
and some of the most finely attunei—
find it difficult”

  “There is one other matter.” said she,
after rising to go. “It your music com-
mittee knew what I have told you to-
day I presume my place in your choir
would be vacant.”

  “I will assume the responsibility for
your staying.” he assured her. “Mean-
while. I shall not forget you. I am going
to prav over this matter. And perhaps
you will come to see me again.*’

  “Perhaps,” said she. accepting his
hand.

V

  A bad quarter of an hour followed for
the pastor of SummerSeld. Doubts of the
wisdom of his course assailed him. et
the next Sunday, when Miss Post’s mel-
low. throbbing contralto voice, in Gou-
nod’s ‘‘Green Hill Far Away,” fell upon
the congregation like rain upon a parched
land, he leaned back in bis tall pulpit
chair, with dosed eyes, and was thankful
Elmore Elliott Peake

77

that he had not chilled her with the cold
admonitions of a formalist.

  Several weeks passed, however, with-
out her calling again; and, in spite of his
promise. Hughes allowed her to pass to
the back of his mind. His new duties
as a Vice Commissioner made heavy
drafts upon his time., and there came a
day when he was forced to abandon his
personal service hour in order to attend
a meeting of the committee on which he
served. When he returned he found
Miss Post's card under his study door.

  He thrust it into his pocket, ate a hasty
dinner, prepared a prayer meeting topic,
conducted his service, and then, at a little
after nine, set out for Jacqueminot’s,
which place the committee had arranged
that afternoon to inspect.

  The temple which Andre Jacqueminot,
once a pastry-cook of Bordeaux, had
erected for the worship of Epicurus,
nestled between the feet of two sky-
scrapers. When the committee reached
it, at nine-thirty, its marble facade, wet
from a passing shower, glistened under
the flare of arcs. Closed motors halted
at short intervals before the mouth of the
tarpaulin tunnel which led from curb to
entrance. Silk hats, fillets of aigrettes,
white shoulders, flashed past the side
opening left for pedestrians.

  In the great main room—reputed to be
a reproduction of the salon of a Vene-
tian palasso—waiters swiftly threaded
their way through a maze of crowded
tables. A bluish haze of tobacco smoke
hung like an aureole about the massive
chandeliers. The clack of tongues,
laughter, the clinic of china and silver,
smote the ear in a ceaseless broadside of
sound that rose and fell in rude rhythm.

  The cabaret stage was a solid, perma-
nent structure with an imposing prosceni-
um arch of white and gold, symbolical
of the elaborate performances that had
contributed to Jacqueminot’s fame.
Hughes and his colleagues sat down at a
table, reserved in advance, which was
near the stage. They had timed their

arrival for an act which was creating
something like a sensation—Mademoi-
selle Hyacinthe in her “South Sea Idyl”
—and in a few minutes this divertisse-
ment was heralded by the throb of tom-
toms, with which the orchestra gradually
blended a weird, barbaric air that irre-
sistibly quickened the pulse.

  The curtain rose. Through a screen
of gauze, which produced a curious, il-
lusive effect, the audience saw a back-
ground of palms, a blue lagoon, a cres-
cent strip of sand, and, shambling about
on the sand, a pair of apes. In the centre
sat the Eve of this tropical Eden, her
long black hair draping her naked arms
and shoulders, and her knees peeping
through a filmy mantle of green. She
began to sing:

"For I'm the Queen of the Pawpaw Islands,
  Where men are very, very rare,

  And leaves are all I need to wear.

Yet when leaves grow old and storms blow
    bold,

  Such clothes are an awful care—

  Oh, an awful, awful care!”

  Daylight faded; the moon rose; the
jungle awoke. Cockatoos screamed,
monkeys howled. But suddenly silence
fell. The tapestry of vegetation patted.
A woman's face showed, followed pres-
ently, after cautious glances to right and
left, by an arm. a foot, and then her
whole figure, which glowed in the pallid
light like an ivory statue. She stepped
to the water’s edge :* she flung herself in
with a splash; and when the grimacing
apes appeared she drove them away
with shells.

  The scene faded from the eyes of the
spectators. When it appeared the queen
was again clothed in her Pawpaw Island
finery. Now a pandemonium in the
jangle announced the dreaded storm,
which ere long burst with a shriek and a
roar. The palms l>ent like strung bows.
The queen crouched in terror, her hair
fluttering like a banner, and once more
she began to sing. The dining-room
lights were extinguished for fifteen sec-
onds. A spectral, greenish glare flooded
78

A Night at Jacqueminot’s

the stage. The storms’ profane hands
fell upon the queen's umbrageous garb.
.Singly, by twos, by threes, the leaves flew
from her like frightened swallows,
threatening her with nudity. Then, at
last, as she bowed her head and masked
her face with her hair, darkness fell.

  The lights in the dining-room flared
up. For an instant there was a silence—
a silence punctuated by a smoldering eye
or a reddened cheek here and there.
Then came a crash of applause.

  “Is this America or Babylon?” asked
one of the commissioners, turning to
Hughes.

  But the minister, with his eyes still
fixed upon the stage, seemed not to hear.
No one, in the illusive lighting, aided
by the gauze screen, could have recog-
nized the performer’s face. But her
voice was the voice of the “Green Hill
Far Away.”

VI

  Three days later, while Hughes was
still turning the incredible things over in
his mind, Valentine Kemp appeared in
his study.

  “I am trying to trace a young woman
named Aline Post,” he began at once,
after introducing himself. “Happening
in the city. I called at her apartments
this morning, only to learn from the
janitor that she had not occupied them
for several days. None of her effects
have been removed. Last Monday eve-
ning. the last time the janitor saw her,
she lett an order for a bottle of milk the
next morning. I have come to you rather
than the police, remembering that she
sang in your church.”

  Hughes rather nervously shuffled the
sheets of his sermon. He scented
tragedy.

  “You are a friend of Miss Post’s?”
he asked, sparring for time.

  “Lifelong, and of her family’s. If any-
thing has happened to her, it vitally con-
cerns me.”

  “Nothing has happened that I know
of,” said Hughes—which was not quite
true. “At least, her disappearance is
news to me. However, I know of a
channel through which we may possibly
find her.”

  They took a taxi for Jacqueminot’s.
On the way, each conscious of a charged
atmosphere, and Hughes loath to reveal
what had come to him almost as a con-
fession, little was said. But at sight of
the great arched entrance to the famous
restaurant Kemp shot his companion an
inquiring glance.

  “Miss Post has been singing here,” ex-
plained Hughes.

  “You’re sure of that?” exclaimed
Kemp incredulously. “I—I know this
place.”

  “Quite sure.” In the vestibule the
minister paused and added: “If you'll
wait here, I’ll look up the proprietor.”
“Why not both of us?”

  “It is best for me to go alone, I think.”
Hughes’ manner was embarrassed.
“There are certain complications. If
you will trust me. 111 speak more frankly
when I return.”

  The salon, in which nothing was served
before two o’clock, was dusky and stale
and. without the glare of artificial light,
a bit tawdry. Carpenters potinded on
the stage. Chairs were piled on tables,
and half a dozen charwomen, with mops
and buckets, moved cheerlessly about.
One of these, speaking broken English,
directed the minister to the offices, on
the second floor.

  Andre Jacqueminot, though not every-
body knew it, had long been dead. His
present successors were Hogg & OTIal-
loran, and it was to Hogg’s sanctum that
Hughes was led by an attendant.

  The man looked his name. He was a
huge, dropsical caricature of his species
—purple-cheeked, red-eared, rheumy-
eyed, with a bull neck swathed in triple
rolls of fat. He sat as close to a desk as
his Gargantuan paunch would permit,
and at sight of his caller—whom he
Elmore Elliott Peake

79

  seemed instinctively to recognize as an
  alien—he paused in his work, spread iiis
  puffy hands over a plush waistcoat, and
  waited, breathing visibly and audibly.

    lie did not trouble himself to return
  Hughes’ salutation, and at the minister’s
  inquiry his eyes lit hostilely between
  their inflamed lids.

     "This ain’t a kindergarten,” he grunted
  astlunatically. “We don't keep tabs on
  our girls. If young men want ’em, they
  ketch ’em at the alley entrance.”

    “May I ask if Miss Post played here
  last night?”

    “What’s it to 3’ou?” demanded Hogg
  cunningly.

    "Never mind that,” answered Hughes,
  pricked to anger. “You will learn in due
  time if necessary.”

    The note of authority in his voice-
  seemed to rouse the proprietor to a sense'
  of prudence.

    “No, she didn't,” he answered.

    “ And you wish me to understand that
i you don’t know where she is now?”

    "If you want to know so bad, she's at
I the police station, corner Chestnut and
Williams. They nabbed her Monday
night, after the show.’

   Hughes recoiled. It was Monday
 night's performance that he had wit-
 , nessed.

U “And you have left her all this time—

  | abandoned her—made no effort to bail
  her out?” he demanded indignantly.
  Hogg’s face went a shade darker.

     "W hat the hell is it to you ?” he bleated

•	1 in an angry falsetto. “You bet we don’t
i bail none of those bare-legs out. They
t take their chances with the cops when
t they came to us. Now git out!”

    Hughes, with an angry red in his
41 checks, held his ground a moment. Then,
t realizing the futility of further words,
d he turned away.

     “Mr. Kemp, this is a painful duty.” he
  exclaimcd upon regaining the vestibule,
  touching his handkerchief to his brow.
  '' “To be frank, there are some things
  which Miss Post, rather than I, must ex-

plain to you. I regret to tell you that
she was arrested here Monday night.”
Valentine went white.

  “Arrested! For what?” he faltered.
“Presumably for appearing in an im-
moral cabaret act. She is now at the
police station. I can easily bail her out.
as a member of the Vice Commission,
which is one of my functions, in the
case of—of girls whom there is yet a
hope of redeeming. I may say for your
comfort, Mr. Kemp, that my faith in
Miss Post’s morality is just as strong as
yours, and for that reason I will have
her case struck from the docket. She
has suffered enough already—and will
suiter more when she learns that you
are here.”

  “Perhaps she’d better not learn it,”
suggested Valentine, turning a pair of
sick eyes upon the passing traffic.

  “No—if you will excuse me. Perfect
candor is the better way—the only way.
But, to make it easier for both of you, I
should suggest that you go to her apart-
ments and await her there. I will not
accompany her. but will prepare her.
of course, for your presence there.”

VII

  How long he waited in Aline’s little
flat, to which the janitor doubtfully ad-
mitted him. Valentine Kemp never knew.
Over and over again his eyes made rhe
round of a bowl of withered violets, a
statuette of Venus with the Apple, a
cozy-comer with green tapestry, hanging
lamp, and tete-a-tetc; through an open
door, the brass rail of a bed. with a pair
of white stockings hung over it; and.
still farther on, the white tile of a bath-
room. From the look upon his face
they might have been mementos of the
dead.

  Then the outer door suddenly opened,
and Aline stepped'within. She at once
placed her back to the door, in the atti-
tude of an animal at bay. and transfixed
80

A Night at Jacqueminot’s

him with hollow, tragic eyes. He leaped
forward.

  “Aline!” he cried. “Tell me that this
is all a nightmare!"

  “I can’t,” she answered in a dead
voice and with an ashen face. “It’s true.
I’m a jail-bird. Last night I slept in a
cell with three fallen women.”

  “But—but why?” he pleaded.

  "Because, like them, I sold myself.”

  “Tell me the truth, Allie!” he com-
manded sharply. “Don’t tear my hurt
with allegory.”

  ‘‘I tell the truth,” she answered, with
the frigid calm of despair. “I sold my-
self to men—to be fondled by their eyes.”

  For a moment he gazed into her woeful
face.

  “You mean that you appeared in an—
an immoral performance?”

  “Yes.”

  “This is preposterous. You are not
yourself. Sit down, take off your hat—
collect yourself—and tell me just what
happened.”

  She listlessly unpinned her broad-
brimmed, flowered hat, dropped it on the
table, and sank into a chair he placed
for her.

  “Now tell me why you did this—if
you did do it,” he prompted.

  “To save Randall. He stole two thou-
sand dollars—took a package of cur-
rency from the vault. When the theft
was discovered he telegraphed me. I
went to Benton. The officers of the bank
wanted to prosecute him. I went down
on my knees to them—literally. I told
th?m it would tumble his paralyzed
father into the grave. Finally they re-
lented. on the condition that I make good
the loss.”

  “And not a word to me!” exclaimed
Valentine reproachfully.

  “I intended to at first. But it is not
easy to brand your brother as a thief—
or beg money from a man you have re-
fused to marry. The shortage, with
what Rannie had left, was only twelve
hundred dollars, and the president of the

bank gave me six months in which to
pay it. So I resolved to swing it my-
self.”

  She gazed out of the window with
mournful, leaden eyes.

  “1 had written a song called ‘The
Queen of the Pawpaw Islands’—inno-
cent enough in itself. I offered it to
several vaudeville singers. I could have
gotten two hundred dollars for it; but
that wouldn’t have gone far, and one
night, when I was at a theatre, it oc-
curred to me to make a cabaret act of
it and produce it myself. I wrote an
orchestra score, designed costumes,
sketched the scenery, and went to Jacque-
minot’s.

  “The managers, after hearing my
voice, agreed to give the thing a stage
trial with the orchestra. When I was
through, Hogg—that unspeakable Hogg!
—laid his hot, swollen hand on my shoul-
der and said: 'Fine, girlie, fine! But
you’ll have to take off some clothes.’

  “I’d blush to repeat his words, but all
my blushes are gone. I refused. But
when he added: ‘Take ’em off, girlie, and
we’ll make it a hundred a week,’ it
seemed as if I could see the threatening
maw of the penitentiary close, leaving
Rannie a free man. I consented.

  “I went down to that place night after
night, as my spirit, in some loathsome
dream, might go down to the pit of hell.
There were twelve or fifteen girls in the
troupe, and not a decent one in the lot.
They smoked, they drank, they swore.
They came and went in costly motor cars.
They wore jewels. Their most coveted
honor was to be introduced to a new man
by one of the proprietors.

  “I had to run the gauntlet myself.
Notes and flowers poured in, from gray-
beards as well as youths. But I fought
them off, and the only gleam of sunshine
that ever struck through the murk was the
hundred dollars I received every Sunday
night, which I always mailed the next
morning to Benton. Six hundred dol-
lars T sent. Then the crash came.,,
Forsaken

81

  She shuddered, and lifted her hand to
her throat as if to quell a nausea. Then

she cried out:

  “Oh, Valentine, don’t despise me!”
With misty eyes, he crossed over to her
chair and laid his hand upon her bowed
head.

  “Despise you!” he murmured, with a
twisted smile. “I honor you—I wor-
ship you!”

  After an interval he continued:
“Allie, I know you haven’t forgotten
that delectable inn you told me about
last May—that inn on the road of life
where you hoped we might meet some
day at sunset.”

  “It’s sunset—for me,” she moaned.
“But I see no inn.”

  “May not this be it. in disguise—as
so many blessed havens are?” he asked
tenderly.

  “I’m so dusty and bedraggled that I’m
not fit to enter.”

  “At any inn on the King’s Highway,
all are welcome. There is an attendant
to bathe and anoint the feet of the
weary. And the Lord of the inn has
fresh apparel for them.”

She gave a sob and clung to his hand.
“But I had expected to meet you joy-
ously, with courage in my heart and a
staff in my hand—a meet companion for
the journey.”

  “This is sunset, remember,” said he.
“A night of rest and refreshment inter-
venes. At sunrise all will be different.”
She lifted her dark eyes, glistening
with tears, and peered into his search-
ingly.

  “I had forgotten there would be a
sunrise, sweetheart. There wouldn't be
—if you hadn’t come.”

 FORSAKEN

By Will Thompson

rJ'*EN lakhs of gold has my loved one in his palace;

    Two golden thrones in his Summer Island Palace;
Peacocks and boys, and a caravan of dresses;

Three lotus-lakes. which the morning sun caresses.

Sad is my heart, sad and lonely in its palace;

Gone is my love from his Summer Island Palace;
Past like the wind, which its fickleness confesses.
Scattering the rose, which the morning sun caresses.

*—L. 8.
THE JOKE

By Manchester Willdy

J HAVE always prided myself upon being able lo laugh as heartily as anyone,
when the joke is on me. And I have never believed in doing things by halves.
So when I found a note.lying upon my wife’s dressing table I read it.

     It was a dulcet bit of foolishness, reeking with love and sentiment, and written
by my wife; it was addressed to “My own darling Bill.”

    Rapidly I named over the “Bills'’ of our acquaintance, seeking to name the
guilty one. for of course I must hunt him out and kill him immediately; also my
wife.

    There were but three persons who coujff be suspected, and after inquiring on
the phone learned that two of these were out of town, so there was no further doubt
left in my mind as to who was the scoundrel.

    Not in the least nervous in the face of the terrible thing I was about to do, I
searched out one of my hunting knives, put a razor edge on it, and then got into
my heaviest motoring coat, for the note had directed “Bill" to meet her at our
summer house across the lake.

    Even as I let myself into the cottage, and heard rny wife coming to meet me.
I ran a finger along my knife's edge and waited dispassionately.

    As she ran to my arms I drove the blade into her soft flesh up to the hilt!
Stupidly she looked up at me.

    “Why—Bill,’’ she sobbed, “you've killed me!”

    Then I saw’ the joke and began to laugh. I had entirely forgotten, you see,
that my name is “Bill” too.

    I have always prided myself upon being able to laugh as heartily as anyone,
even when the joke is on me!

82
A Sign of Death

         By Margaret E. Sangster

SOMEWHERE across a bleak pile of
boxes and crates a dog howled and
was answered by the whine of an-
other dog. And then everything was
still again.

  The Contortionist spoke.

  “It's Taylor’s Trained Terriers,” he
said, trying to keep the utterly foolish-
little quaver out of his voice. “It's Tay-
lor’s Trained Terriers.'’

  The Snake Charmer moved nearer to
him and laid her strong, muscular hand
on his arm. The hand was trembling.

  “My mother used to say that when a
dog howled it was a sign of death,” she
told him. “Well, God knows I ain’t
afraid of death. . . . An’ there’s been
times, when a new snake wanted t' cut
up, that it’s been pretty close.” In the
dim light of the flickering lantern she
regarded the hand that trembled; re-
garded it with a detached sort of inter-
est. “God knows I ain’t afraid of
death,” she finished shakily. “But io
have it come sudden, this way, in th’
night—” The first dog howled again,
and more insistently. The Snake
Charmer’s fingers dug into the Contor-
tionist’s arm.

  “Why don’t Taylor shut that beast
up?” she questioned half plaintively.
“It’s fierce just now ter have t’ listen to
it!”

  The Contortionist looked down at the
leg that stretched, so curiously distorted,
in front of him. It had hurt most hor-
ribly when he had tried to move it, and
so he had stopped trying. Moving it
had never hurt before; moving his legs
and his strangely supple body was the

Contortionist’s profession. He won-
dered, as a queer numbness crept up over
him, why he had never before thought
of putting that curiously distorted pose
into his act. It was so grotesque, so
unbelievable!

  “Didn’t you know'?” he answered al-
most casually. “Taylor was smashed up
trying to get old Jerry out in time. Old
Jerry was the first dog he ever had.”
He stopped, for the numbness was creep-
ing up—and up.

  A little ballet dancer came walking
by almost stealthily. She carried a pair
of pink silk tights under her arm. and
two pink satin, heelless slippers dangled,
by their ribbons, from one hand. She
laughed foolishly, shrilly, as she saw the
Contortionist and the Snake Charmer
sitting together in the light of the flicker-
ing lantern.

  “Funny time fer a wreck, what?” she
babbled. “Never been in a wreck be-
fore! Ever'thing went smash! But I
grabbed my tights an’ my slippers. This
is my first job, I told myself, an’ I had
ter buy them tights an' them slippers my-
self. They say everybody goes after what
they love best—an’ I saved my tights an’
slippers.” Quite suddenly she pointed a
slim hand at the Contortionist. “What
yer sittin’ so funny for?” she questioned.
“This ain’t show time!”

  The Contortionist looked up at her
with wran eyes. His lips were rather
blue.

  “I reckon.” he said slowly, “that it’s
broke—my leg Y*

  “Ain’t that funny?” half-screamed the
little ballet dancer. “Ain’t that funny?

83
84

A Sign of Death

You with a broken leg, an’ they’ve been
billin you all over th’ country as a bone-
less man! Ain't that funny*" All at
once she crumpled down on the ground,
a limp little figure with a blur of pink
clasped to her heart.

  Somewhere across the bleak pile of
crates and boxes the dogs began to howl
again. The Contortionist’s head drooped
forward. But the Snake Charmer was
looking straight ahead at nothing.

  “Oh, God!” she said.

  He knelt on one side of her, and the
painted grin on his face was fixed and
staring and hard. One full white sleeve
was torn away from his arm, and blood
shone redly through the place where the
tear was. The great black pompons on
his coat hung dejectedly. He was the
Clown.

  She was the girl who ever since she
was a tiny child had worked on the very
highest trapeze. She it was who every
night had done a marvelous leap for life
that began very near the white top of the
tent and ended in a slitnly strung net
very near the sawdust-covered ring. And
now she lay silently, she who had been
such a laughing, proud little thing; lay
with her head flung too far back and
her eyes widened reproachfully at the
sky.

  He stood on the other side of her—
tall and pale, his rather weak chin quiv-
ering. He had caught her every night
when she came whirling toward him
through space, her two small hands out-
flung. It was typical of him that he
still looked rather carefully dressed, that
the scratch on his chin had a strip of
court plaster laid across it. He was her
partner; together they had been known
as the Flying Follettes. He had found
himself wondering half-unconsciously
who would take her place now that she—

  The Clown was speaking.

  "Why didn't you save her?” he W’as
asking hoarsely. “You w*as there! I
wasn't. 1 was in th’ wash-room, tryin'

out a new make-up, in front of a hand

mirror when th’ crash came. But you_

damn you!”

  The carefully dressed youth looked
down at the limp figure of the other
Flying Follette.

  "I couldn't,” he muttered helplessly.
“I couldn’t!”

  The Clown raised his hopeless eyes.

  “Like hell you couldn’t!” he choked.
“I heard! You jumped—”

  The carefully dressed youth raised a
shaking hand to the strip of court plaster
011 his chin.

  “She yelled t’ me,” he muttered, “t’
jump. How’d I know there wasn’t only
a little time? How'd I know that she
was goin’ ter fall three feet—and land
on her head? Many’s th' time she’s
jumped a hundred an' come up, laughin’-
like, out o’ th’ net! How was I ter
know ?”

  Somewhere beyond them, in the dark-
ness, a gruil voice began tonelessly to
tell the story to one of the reporters who
had come up with the ambulance from
the city.

  “We didn’t know what hit us,” the
voice kept complaining. “We was all
in our berths when it come. Yes—” in
answer to a low inquiry; “they say it
was a collision. ... Yes, a good many
of us was killed. . . . You seen th’ show
in the city last night—just four hours
ago?”

  There was another low inquiry, and
then:

  “Th’ girl that did th’ high trapeze
work?” rasped the voice. It had lost
some of its tonelessness. “She’s—gone.
She landed on ’er head. . . . That damn’
partner of hers”—suddenly and shrilly
the voice rose—“he crowded in front of
'er an’ jumped from th’ window. She
let him! If she'd only jumped fir^t.
But she was crazy about him.”

  Across the body of the girl the Clown
and the carefully dressed youth lool ed
steadily at each other, even as they li't-
ened. It was the youth who spoke first.
Margaret E. Sangster

  “That's the Knife Thrower,” he mut-
tered. ‘‘lie’s new wit* us. He don’t
understand.”

  The Clown reached out a hand that
trembled under its vivid grease paint.

  “He’s been here long enough t’ love
her, too,” he. snarled. Suddenly his
voice broke in a great strangling sob.

  “It ain’t fair,” he choked; “it ain’t
fair ! It should’ve been you !” He was
speaking to the carefully dressed youth,
but his painted hand was touching, very
gently, a lock of the brown hair that fell
over the girl’s forehead—a lock of hair
that stirred, like some live thing, in the
night breeze.

  “Yes.” The voice from the shadows
was toneless again. “Yes, if you want
me to I’ll take you around an’ introduce
you to some of th’ rest. An’ then I must
go an’ hunt up m’ knives. I was polish-
in’ ’em when th’ smash came, an’ they’ve
got scattered—some. I gotta find ’em.
They’re part of my job—those knives.

I	couldn’t throw straight, I reckon, with
any others.” The voice stopped abrupt-
ly, and the listeners heard footsteps go-
ing off—halting, bewildered footsteps.

  It had come suddenly—the wreck.
The circus train had been going smooth-
ly, so smoothly that one could try out
make-ups in a wash-room and polish
knives in a crowded compartment. Some
of the performers were sleeping in their
berths, and the animals in the rear cars
were very quiet; one of the band was
drawing faintly pleasant music from an
old accordion. . . . And then the crash
came.

  There had been cries, the calling of
names, curses, and, more often, the mur-
mur of a prayer. There had been a
scrambling for loved possessions, for ne-
cessities, for the foolish little trifles that
people, in a moment of emergency, do
remember. There had been screams of
pain—and of tear.

  Some of the cars had settled down
gently, borne had turned over. Some
had crashed to the ground. Boxes, heavy

boxes, had whirled through the air to
fall in chaotic piles. And they lay where
they had fallen. It seemed as if it had
happened years ago—and yet only an
hour had passed.

  The Clown was staring at the girl on
the ground. He seemed quite to have
forgotten the other man.

  “Oh, kiddie, kiddie,” he whispered to
her, “couldn’t you know—couldn’t you
guess how I cared? How I couldn’t do
my back somersault when you was up in
th* roof fer fear that you’d fall an’ I
wouldn’t be able to get t’ you quick
enough ? Couldn’t you guess why I hung
around; why I always was actin’ like I
would’ve blacked yer lil’ boots fer you?
Couldn’t you guess—”

  The Youth on the other side of her in-
terrupted almost jealously.

  “She cared fer me” he said, and his
voice shook. “She didn't never even see
—you! She was goin’ ter marry me. . . .
My God, she was gonna marry me!”

  All at once the Clown was laughing
with a strangely hollow mirth.

  “That’s why yer jumped first, ain’t it?”
he asked, with a strained sort of sar-
casm—“ ’cause she was gonna marry
you? Y’dirty— I’d like ter have some-
thin’ in mv hands to kill yer with—that’s
what I’d iike!”

  Off somewhere behind a pile of crates
and boxes one of the Trained Terriers
howled with a long-drawn-out hopeless-
ness. The carefully dressed youth shiv-
ered and touched the plaster on his chin
nervously.

  “It’s a sign of death—that,” he mut-
tered, “ter have a dog howl. I always
knowed it. It’s a sign of death!”

  The Clown rose stiffly from his kneel-
ing position. As he rose his foot struck
against something that might have been
a stone. He kicked it savagely, and it
shot into the air and fell to the ground
with a musical little clatter. The Clown
stooped half-dazedly to pick it up.

  It was a dagger that he picked up, a
long, straight, sharp dagger; the sort
86

A Sign of Death

of blade that the Knife Thrower had
been wont to polish lovingly every night
between shows; the sort of knife that
could be tossed straight and true to any
mark. The flown took it in his hand
with a short hard Idugh.

   "It’s one o' his” he said in a low voice,
"one o' the ones he lost!" ,

  Across the body of the girl the youth
who had been one of the Flying Fol-
Jcttes raised apprehensive eyes.

  "Where’d you get it?” he half gasped.
"What 're goin’ ter do with it?”

  The Clown rubbed a finger meditative-
ly across the sharp blade. It cut through
the skin, and he stared almost stupidly
at the bright red stain that crept out
through the grease-paint. He did not
seem to hear the question.

  The youth was backing away from
him, away from the girl; away, into the
shadows.

  "What—what ’re you goin’ to do with
it?” he stammered again. It was as if
he spoke against his will.

  The Clown looked up from his cut
finger—looked full into the handsome,
weak face. And then suddenly all of
the madness of a mad night leaped into
his eyes.

  "I said,” he remarked in a voice that
might almost have been a pleasantly con-
versational voice—“I said that I’d like
ter have somethin' in my hands so as I
could kill yer. That’s what I said. An'
now—now 1 got it!” With infinite care
he stepped over the still body of the girl.

  He was a fantastic figure, there in the
lantern-cut darkness, a fantastic figure
with an unearthly grin painted redly
across a chalklike face, and a white suit
trimmed with dangling, black pompons.
But to the youth there was nothing fan-
tastic about him. There was only a pic-
ture of horror—stark horror—in the
clumsy garments and the glaring paint.
The youth stood, quite frozen with fear,
unable to take his gaze from the ad-
vancing menace.

  "My God!” he almost screamed “My

God, you wouldn't! Why—she loved
me! She wanted me ter go first. An’,
anyway, I didn’t know! My God!
you wouldn’t. . . !”

  Wouldn’t I, though?” The Clown's
face was very near the face of the other.
"Wouldn’t I—just!” With a sudden
lithe movement one of his hands shot
out, fastened itself on a carefully tailored
collar.

   "I’m goin’ ter kill you!” he said softly,
"but—”

  The carefully dressed youth was try-
ing to free himself from the firm hand—
the hand that was so terribly grotesque
in its grease-paint. As he struggled he
talked, in choking little gasps.

  "They’ll hear you,” he jerked out.
"Th’ Snake Charmer’s just aroun’ that
pile o’ crates. So’s th’ Contortionist.
There’s others—near. They won’t let
you—”

  "They ain’t near enough,” said, the
Clown softly, "an’ they’ll never know
what happened ter you. This here wreck
has put so many good folks out that one
sneakin’ li’l rat won’t matter—much."
He laughed and raised the knife.

  Suddenly from out of the darkness
there came the sound of small hands
clapping. As still as some carven group
the two men stood—stood and waited.
Then:

  "Who’s there?” asked the Clown brisk-
ly. The knife was still raised high in
his hand.

  One scarcely associates a child with a
circus, except in the role of an onlooker.
But the child who stepped out into the
flickering lantern light was a very real
part of this particular circus, and he had
been forgotten, quite, since the time of
the wreck. A little, very blond kiddie
he was, with wide eyes and a short, quiv-
ering upper lip. He was the wardrobe
woman’s tiny son, and he was at once
the pet and the dear responsibility of the
troupe. Ouite unconcernedly he spoke
to the Gown.

  "We givin’ a show here!11 he ques-
Margaret E. Sangster

87

tioned, with a strange little air of hurt.
**Y’ might’ve woke me up. I never seen
a show right out in th' open like this,
’ithout a tent or anythin’. An' you knew
it. Y’ might have woke me up!”

  The Clown gulped once to steady his
voice before he answered. Then;

  "Where ’ve y’ been, Billy?” he ques-
tioned, very gently.

  "I was in th’ berth,” the child an-
swered. “I was asleep. An’ then some-
pin’ jerked an’ I woke up. An* you was
all gone, except Mother. She was on
th' floor asleep, an' I couldn't wake her
up. She must ’ve been tired ter sleep
on th’ floor. An’ so I knew you was.
givin’ a show out 'n th’ open. An' ”—
he reverted suddenly to his original small
complaint—“you might’ve woke me up.”
The Clown spoke again.

  “Y’ say yer mother’s asleep, Billy?”
he questioned.

  The Child was staring wide-eyed at
the carefully dressed youth.

  *’Y* look scared,” he remarked, with a
quaint little air of knowledge, “but there
ain’t no reason ter be scared! He’s”—
one chubby forefinger pointed to the
Clown—“he’s done it all afore. He uster
practice in front of me. An’ she—”he
nodded toward the girl on the ground—
"she used to laugh. What”—he was
struck by a new idea—“what's she sleep-
in’ out here for, on th' ground? Is she
awful tired, too, like Mother?”

  The Clown's hand loosened on the well
tailored collar that he was holding. Quite
suddenly and disconcertingly he was re-
membering a certain burlesque duel in
which he, in his grease-paint and pom-
pons, had downed a dapper opponent.
He had rehearsed in front of little Billy,
for he had realized that if it made Billy
laugh other little boys would laugh, too.
His business, after all, was the business
of merrymaking and buflfonery. so that
little boys might chortle'and cheer and
envy him., . . . He had rehearsed in
front of little Billy, and she, coming out
of the dressing-room, had often paused

  to laugh with that soft, throaty chuckle
ot hers that was like a dim little forest
brook where the water just barely
seemed to. . . .

  The small boy was still, speaking to the
carefully dressed youth. His words
came hazily to the Clown as from a
great distance.

  “You're 'fraid 'at th' knife '11 slip,
ain’t you?” he was questioning. “But
there's nothin’ ter worry 'bout. It ain’t
even a real knife, mos* likely. lie’s only
foolin’. \ ’ see, he’s a clown, an’ clowns
never mean nothin’. You've been ’ith us
long enough ter know what a clown is!”
(Was there contempt in the little boy’s
voice ?)

  Somehow, perhaps half against his
will, the Clown released the well-tailored
collar. In a nearly mechanical way he
dropped the knife into the pocket of his
baggy white trousers. After all, it zcas
only a make-believe knife—the little boy
had said so! The Clown found himself
wondering if the whole thing weren’t
some absurdly impossible dream—the
darkness of the night, and the wreck,
and the girl who lay at his feet. He
raised a hand dazedly to his forehead
and felt something warm and damp upon
it. He lowered his hand, still dazedly,
and saw that blood still dripped from a
cut finger.

  “I reckon"—the little boy’s voice came
blithely through the stillness—"I reckon
I’d better go ’n try and wake up my
mother now. I reckon we’d better wake
her”—he pointed to the girl—“wake her
up. too. It’ll be time fer her act, and
mother’ll maybe have ter help her with
her dressin’. There's always”—the little
boy’s tone was plaintive—“another
show !*’

  All at once the Clown was speaking in
a voice that was calm, though a bit soul-
less. He was speaking to the carefully
dressed youth.

  “Take that kiddie away ” he said, “an*
don’t take him back to his mother. I’ll
go 'n look after her—in a while.” His
88

Hawthorn Abloom

  voice faltered, and when lie finally spoke
again it was to the little boy. “You’re
right. Billy kid/’ he said, “you’re right.
I’m a clown. An* downs never mean
nothin’.

  Like someone who was also moving
through a dream, the carefully dressed
youth took the hand of the little boy.
But the little boy kept right on talking.

  “In my story' book/’ he told them im-
partially, “there was a Sleeping Beauty.
She slept all th’ time, she did. She was
a princess, but I bet she wasn't any pret-
tier than sfur*—his chubby free hand in-
dicated the girl who lay on the ground—
“is. There was a prince, too. Know how
he woke Vrup? He kissed her. My—'

  And suddenly the Gown was kneeling
again beside the still body, his painted
face buried in the crook of his arm. He
began to cry with gTeat. terrible, wrench-
ing man-sobs.

  The Snake Charmer looked wearily
ar the Contortionist. It occurred to her

  that he had been very stiii—and tor a
long while. Her firm hand slipped along
his arm until it touched his limp wri-t
And then quite sharply she spoke to the
little ballet dancer, who was just strug-
gling up from the ground.

  “You better go ’n hunt fer a doctor."
she said. “I heard that some Ve got
here. He’s”—she jerked her head to-
ward the Contortionist—“he’s pretty
bad. ... You leave yer slippers an'
tights here; I’ll take care of ’em fer
you!”

  The little baliet dancer crept off, like
a small, obedient wraith, and was lost
in the darkness. The Snake Charmer
sighed.

  From somewhere across a bleak pile of
boxes a dog howled and another dog
whined as if in answer. The Snake
Charmer's sigh turned: to a half-shudder.

  “Y->en th’ doctor comes.” she said
aloud. **1*11 go ’n see if I can find anythin
that I kin give them dogs ter eat. . .
They must be hungry f*

HAWTHORN ABLOOM

By Mary Morseil

rJME hawthorn hedge Is all abloom.

          And oh. I would awayr
       For every spring* most have its love
       -Vnd even.- year its May

       Zrery spring must have its tore
       While earth and I are young
       And there are paths for wan-ienng
       And love songs to be sung

       Sc come, sweet Pan, my lutanist
       And fet os oe our way.

Forestry spring must bsve its iove.

       Art: every year its May.
The Eighth Devil

            By Roger Hartman

I

 WHEN the Eighth Devil broke
 into Laurence Raeburn’s soul,
 he entered without an invita-
 tion, and the premises were very far in-
 deed from being swept and garnished to
 receive him. There was no room for any
 devil at all in Raeburn, and least of all
 for the Eighth, who is worse than the
 other seven put together, because, when
 he dies, he never dies alone, but always
 kills something else.

    Raeburn knew a great deal about the
  Eighth Devil and detested him more than
  he hated all the rest. He despised Jeal-
  ousy, in concrete and abstract, more bit-
  terly than cowardice or cruelty or mean-
  ness or little, whispering lies. It stood
  at the top of the list of traits which Rae-
  burn thanked his gods he did not possess.
  He had seen it at close quarters and seen
  j it often, and he hated it on thoroughly
  practical grounds.

    His father had been wholly charming,
except for the Eighth Devil that dwelt
deep in him, waiting each chance to wipe
: | out all the man’s noble qualities and turn
I i him, in a breath, from a pleasant, kindly
(I| gentleman into a raging, hateful cad.
tt Raeburn had grown up in enforced con-
t ; templation of the degenerative power of
I jealousy on human fibre, and he had
1 learned to loathe it as the son of a drunk-
ard comes to hate alcohol. As his own
> character took shape before him, as he
t came consciously to choose between
+ good and evil as his formative processes
i unfolded, he put down jealousy as the
I| cardinal sin, the most despicable vice.

  Raeburn’s mother had something to do
with that, of course. Not that she dis-
cussed his father with him, dissected the
older man's soul for the edification of his
son. Amy Raeburn couldn’t have stooped
to that disloyalty, even for her boy’s sake.
She was the rare type of woman in whom
pride and loyalty combine to produce the
sort of passionate self-respect that re-
fuses to take cognizance of weakness in
the object of its love. Amy Raeburn
would have died on the rack before she
would have criticized anything Kent Rae-
burn did or left undone—even to her son
—most of all, indeed, to the son who was
Raeburn’s as much as hers. She taught
the boy, by force of proud example, in-
deed, that whatever his father did was
right in her sight, taught him that kind
-of pride which turns its back on the de-
fect of a loved one and its face steadily
outward toward a hostile world. Be-
tween mother and son there had never
been a whisper of comment on the father
that did not tend to strengthen the boy’s
admiration for the man.

   Yet, in those silences, those tacit avoid-
ances, Larry Raeburn learned to envision
jealousy for what it was. to detest it all
the more because it marred and stained
an idol, to set his teeth grimly on the de-
termination that, whatever depth of ig-
nominy might open before him, his feet
should never descend into that particular
pit. He never forgot the look he had
sometimes surprised in his mother’s eyes
after one of those stormy interviews, the
rumble of which tarried through closed
doors to his outraged ears—his father's
voice, raised and roughened and intoxi-

89
90

The Eighth Devil

rated with blind rage, his mother’s calm,
dispassionate answers in the lulls of the
storm. Pie remembered, too, glimpses of
Kent Raeburn's face after those periodic
debauches of emotion—the friendly,
smiling eyes glazed and dilated, the sun-
browned cheeks puffed and reddened, the
sensitive lips distorted. ... It was like
drink, like a gentleman whose cups have
wakened and brought to the surface the
brute and the cad. Larry Raeburn had
reason to hate the thought of jealousy,
to shun the first hint of its presence in
himself.

  There had been one plain-spoken inter-
view on the topic between father and son.
Larry was a man grown then, and his
mother had been dead for three years.
His father, with the touch of death gray-
ing his face, had managed to lift the veil
of a man’s reserves for a brief moment,
that his son might look past it into the
hell inhabited by the jealous—that self*
heated pit of torture and degradation into
which he had descended.

  “It’s a disease. Laurence; a disease and
a vice in one. It's progressive. Every
time one yields to it makes the next at-
tack worse and hastens it, too. You may
have inherited it—”

  Larry Raeburn could not help the em-
phatic shake of his head. It was un-
thinkable that he should have inherited
the faintest taint.

  “You think so, because you haven’t
faced the situation yet. You can’t be
jealous, in my way, unless you care, care
like the devil. You don’t care that way.
When you do. you’ll understand what
I’ve been through. But if you keep a
grip on yourself, if you don’t yield the
first time—”

  “I won’t.” Larry spoke quickly. He
hated the topic. His father was dying,
and he wanted a different memory of
these last days.

  They never recurred to the subject.
Kent Raeburn died, and his son followed
him to his place at Mount Hope, con-
scious of a sudden solitude, a feeling tha;

he was alone in a world of enemies with
none to stand at his back.

  He went on with his life, however, al-
most as if there had been nc change. The
same old, sun-enfiladed Georgian house,
the same familiar servants, the same or-
dered routine, provided a slow anodyne
for the consciousness of loss. He was
distracted, too, by the sudden need to
step into Kent Raeburn’s place in the
business in which, till now, he had been
a rather condescending lieutenant. Tl\e
job of management impressed him with a
tardy respect for his father. Kent Rae-
burn had made it seem easy to keep the
ramified structure in order; his son
found it an absorbing, exigent affair
Gradually, however, he fitted himself for
the new demands upon him, acquired
something of his father’s seemingly cas-
ual case in controlling his affairs. There
was a little leisure again—evenings when
the pressing problem of some business
issue did not provide him with mental
occupation, occasional holidays, a steady j
widening of his horizon so that he be-l
came conscious once more of its empti-
ness, began to feel the need of human j
contacts to replace, in some measure. ‘
those that had sufficed.

  He had few friends and no intimates, j
College had failed to bring him the usual *
array of happy comradeships; later years
had been dedicated to business and books.
He belonged only to his father's old club, j
for which his name had been proposed?
the day of his birth, and to a rather in-
discriminate college alumni association
which maintained the semblance of a
club. He never visited either. If he had
formed the usual commonplace friend-
ships. he might have schooled himself”
better against his unsuspected weakness
The congenitally jealous can feel almost!
the same hot hatred of sharing a goodj
friend that maddens them at the hint off
sharing love. But Larry Raeburn never
tested himself.

  He had shunned what social outlets^
opened before him. Empty chatter ove*
Roger Hartman

91

  other people’s dinners did not attract him.
  Dancing was a silly waste of time. He
  had an associated antipathy for these
  things, growing out of the ease with
  which they had precipitated those ugly
  quarrels between his parents. Nearly al-
  ways his father’s banked fire of jealousy
  had burst into flame after some dinner-
  party or dance. Larry, without realizing
  why. kept away from them. In the nat-
  ural course of things, he should have
  grown old slowly without changing his
  ways, a self-sufficient bachelor, wrapped
  in business and books. Yet, when he
  woke on his thirtieth birthday, a sudden
  terror came on him, a cold, shuddering
  horror of age and loneliness, of the total
  extinction which childless men face as
  the years draw down. He saw his life
  suddenly as if it belonged to another
  man, as if it were a finished, completed
  | object.

8 ‘'I’ve got to do something,” he told
himself, as he dressed. “I’ll be old be-
, fore I know it—old and alone. This
*■ ( won’t do.”

    The thought lingered with him through
  i'the day, an undertone below his shrewd
  q processes of business meditation. It came
  home with him to his empty house that
  : night, stared at him across his silent din-
  itner-table, followed him into the library
  and intruded itself before the page of the
  c sober book he tried to read.

    “Old and alone,” it warned him; “old
  isjnd alone . . . old and alone!”
  i 1 He put down the book and paced the
  >oom restlessly. He mustn’t let this
  ‘3«pod grow on him; why, thirty was
  u outh, almost boyhood! It was all non-
  utnsc. If he were fifty, now. . . . He
  b ad a sudden flashing picture of himself
  rt t fifty, and the cords of his throat tight-
  >-ied. Old and alone. . . .

  •.Lit drove him out, at last. It followed
    ojn, mercilessly, as he walked briskly
    r.pay from the sombre silence of the dig-
    .-j 5ed backwater in which he lived, seek-
    f. instinctively the meretricious com-
    r Hy of lights and crowds. He walked

along a thronged pavement, glaring with
the unreal luminance of multiplied mcan-
descents, a deep score between towering
walls against which complex electric ad-
vertisements shrieked and capered for the
casual eye. There was no comfort in the
roar of traffic, the pressure of alien
shoulders, the snatches of speech, the
laughter and frowns that were no affair
of his. Rather, the spectacle of so much
in which he had no smalles* share ag-
gravated his self-pity. He let himself be
buttonholed by a sidewalk ticket-seller, a
gross, repellant, presumptuous animal
who pawed him affectionately and yam-
mered about a seat he would sell at a
dead loss—"because it’s you, brother!”

  It shamed Laurence Raeburn to realize
that the fellow’s affectation of interest in
him was actually welcome. He was
pleased to find himself an object of even
such attentions. The reaction intensified
his sudden consciousness of his loneli-
ness. A man who was pleased because
a smirking speculator fawned on him—!
But he had already bought the seat, and
an inborn sense of thrift forbade his
wasting the price of it. He glanced at
the bit of card, looked along the stutter-
ing signs, and identified the theatre to
which it promised admittance. He hard-
ly ever wTent to such affairs, but it would
be better than nothing, perhaps. He
moved deliberately toward the sign. Af-
terward, he was able to convince him-
self that he had been vaguely conscious
of an inner, unexplained excitement, as
if he neared a crisis in life. It is ab-
surdly easy to confuse coincidence with
destiny. The best and the shrewdest of
us fall into that same error.

  “Just think,” sighs the waitress, ec-
static over a twenty-five cent movie and
an intricate confection of syrups and
fruits, “if you hadn’t of came to my
table that day, we wouldn’t ever of knew
each other! It looks like we was meant
to—”

  It is the most human of all fallacies,
this sentimental post hoc propter hoc.
92

The Eighth Devil

We can smile over it in others, but rarely
observe it in ourselves. For instance, if
1 myself had not missed my train by in-
sisting on getting exactly the magazine I
wanted. 1 shouldn't have— But that uas
destiny, of course. We were following
Laurence Raeburn down a dim aisle, es-
corted by a gir! in a colonial uniform, to
a seat in the mathematical centre of the
twelfth row. Fie quailed at the glare
of the ponderous man in the aisle seat,
whose shirt-bosom creaked as he rose to
let the late-comer pass. Hating himself,
Raeburn slid by several silken knees,
muttering an inanity of excuse. With-
out removing his overcoat, he dropped
into his vacant chair, eager to be incon-
spicuous. Something soft collapsed un-
der him, and a voice at his side exclaimed
in wordless consternation. His ears
burned as he rescued the mutt and mum-
bled an abject apology. A sniff silenced
him. He slouched in his seat, trying to
catch the thread of the play. The stage
was practically dark, except where a cel-
luloid fire endeavored to look like a real
one. He was intrigued, instantly, by the
actor’s voice that came out of the shad-
ows—a pleasing, eager, earnest voice,
talking breathlessly, making the sort of
love that a man makes only once in his
life—none of your usual rounded periods
of stage courtship, but the stumbling,
slovenly speech of a man who has for-
gotten to listen to himself, who has for-
gotten even thing in the universe except
the girl who listens.

  Raeburn found himself artlessly hop-
ing the girl would be nice about it. He
liked the invisible actor and wanted him
to get whatever it was he could ask for
like that. For a moment, it was curious-
ly real. Then the lights went on and a
crowd of shouting practical-jokers de-
bouched on the stage, clamoring over the
prank by which the man with the nice
voice had been lured to the point of pro-
posal on some silly wager. The unreality
of it alienated Raeburn’s interest. He
looked carefully at the girl beside him.

her face visible in the glow of the foot-
lights. He managed this without turn-
ing his head, and his oblique eyes were
fairly trapped by hers—so fairly that for *
ail instant the two glances clashed and
clung accusingly. Then she smiled, and
he had an absurd sense of relief.

  “Why, it's Mr. Raeburn!” She spoke
under her breath, as if his presence were
a remarkable phenomenon of nature.
Raeburn recognized her now. He knew
her father and mother remotely, and he
had seen her too. perhaps a doren times
in his life. What was her name, now?
Bess or Tess or Jess? Some ridiculott*
diminutive, anyway. No, Les, that was t
it. Short for Leslie, probably, or some j
other exotic name. Just like Mrs. Paul-
ding to choose something fanciful.

  “How do you do, Miss Paulding?” He J
had resumed a whispered apology when j
she silenced him with a sharp h’s's't as
faces turned impatiently toward the dis- j
turbance. He relapsed into abashed si- j
lence, but now, instead of following the-I
counterfeit glimpse of life on the stage* i
he studied her, protected by her trank j
absorption in the play. She was certain!yj
charming. Odd that he hadn’t noticed
that curve of the cheek, or the way the
lashes lay along it. Pretty teeth, too . . .j
and that trick of opening her mouth when
she laughed . . . little bars of light in
her hair. . . . He was suddenly aware
of a monstrous desire to lift his fingers
to the softly lustrous mass of it.

  The curtain fell and rose and fe’Lj
Then lights and an annoying orchestra, !
which dimmed suddenly into a remote
background as she turned to him.

  “How did you get that seat?" she de-
manded abruptly, her eyes lighted and
alert “It’s the strangest thing.”

  He told her, wondering a little,
was informed, breathlessly, that
ticket he had bought had been dropped
on the pavement as her father left
car. He had meant to turn it in at t.*
window, because the fourth member
the party hadn’t been able to
Roger Hartman

93

  W asn't it queer that things should happen
  the way they did? Raeburn had a sense
  of the intervention of destiny. If he
  hadn’t come out, if he’d come a different
  way, or a moment later, or sooner, if
  somebody else had bought that found
  ticket, if ... oh, there were a thousand
  of those i£s! . . . He managed to talk,
  not too clumsily, after exchanging smiles
  and nods with her father and mother.
  The Pauldings let them alone. Raeburn
  didn’t dream that Mrs. Paulding was dis-
  cussing. with an amused husband, the
  possibility of further developments from
  this chance meeting. But he accepted,
  t. with grateful humility, the direct conse-
  quence of her speculations, in the form
  of an invitation to join them at supper
  when the play was over.

Also, he learned that the name wasn't
Leslie, after all, but Lester. For some rea-
: son this seemed a tremendous affair. Les-
ter .. . Lester . . . Les ... it suited
her amazingly, he thought, his respect
. for Mrs. Paulding suddenly lifting. He
i was thankful that she had a name quite
to herself. There would have been a re-
L pugnant touch of the commonplace in
t anything less individual. He sat beside
her in the car, conscious of remote per-
h fumes, of soft, filmy fabrics, of some-
I tiling infinitely fragile and precious. A
j boy’s love, at thirty, is a desperate thing;

*	it has the intensity and heat with which
  the diseases of infancy attack the non-
  immunized adult. Laurence Raeburn
  was going through the emotional reac-
  tions normal to eighteen. They would
  have done him no violence in the elastic-
  ity of youth, but they rent him now
  with an exquisite agony. At supper
  he could not tear his eyes from the girl.

  . Sue managed to glorify her bit of salad,
  to make her single glass of wine seem a
  holy thing.

   Nothing softens a woman so quickly
 as the sort of worship that looked out of
 1-arry Raeburn s eyes at Lester Paulding.
 Not even the artful evasions of the prac-
 ticed wooer can accomplish so much, or

so swiftly. Lester Paulding knew that
this man was her dog; she liked him be-
cause he surrendered so abjectly and so
instantaneously. It ministered to her
pride, and she was susceptible to attack
from that quarter which would have
found her armed arid fortified from any
other. There was the insidious finger of
Coincidence, counterfeiting destiny, too.
. . . She was familiar with the casual,
flippant, almost cynical attentions of
very sophisticated, very young men, who
made a joke of nearly everything serious
and could be serious only about a joke;
men who told her carelessly that her
dress was stunning or that she didn’t
dance badly. There had been, of course,
in her own salad period, a few intense,
short-lived affairs which had taught her
not to wear her emotions on her sleeve.
It was a distinct novelty to feel, instantly,
the rapt, sober fascination of a man ten
years older than she, a man with the
repute of a recluse, as far as feminine
affairs were concerned. She was flat-
tered and a little awed and a great deal
pleased.

  She was nice to Laurence Raeburn,
therefore, but she took pains not to be
too nice. And, to temper her warmth
toward him. she used the inevitable de-
vice of referring casually to other men.
letting him know that she was popular,
letting him infer that there was a great
deal of competition. Something stabbed
Raeburn with a hot. sickening thrust at
every light mention of Jimmy Doanc or
Phil Breck or Tommy Saulsbury. He
might have guessed what the first of them
them portended, but he did not. He was
in no condition of mind to think clearly.
He only knew that a red film swam be-
fore his eyes at her words conjured up
unflattering portraits of the men she
named, that something twisted in his soul
like the savage turn of a notched blade
in a fresh wound.

  “He’s jealous,” diagnosed Lester Paul-
ding happily. And she proceeded to
probe delicately to make sure. It de-
94

The Eighth Devil

lighted her to discover anything so naive,
so elemental, in a man who seemed at-
tracted to her. Tommy Saulsbury, to
whom she had been provisionally engaged
for an experimental fortnight or two, had
been tiresomely unexcited when Dick
Phelps, also in a tepid fashion, had pro-
posed to her. She remembered, indeed,
that he had construed it, in some intricate
process of masculine logic, as a compli-
ment to himself. Something told her
that Laurence Raeburn would not have
taken it so. She was a little frightened
at a revealing flash in his deep-set gray
eyes, and, inevitably, attracted by the hint
of danger. All in all, if Destiny had
really played with their two lives that
night, had dropped that pasteboard where
only that fat, oleaginous speculator might
find it. had led Raeburn straight to the
curbstone angle where he waited for his
prey, she could scarcely have managed it
better.

  Laurence Raeburn went home in the
clutch of a nascent passion that shook
him as a tree in a tempest. And Lester
Paulding sat quite a long time in front
of her dressing-table, studying herself
through his eyes and smiling softly at the
reflection.

  Incidentally, her mother annoyed her
father, for the better part of a conjugal
post-mortem lasting a full hour, by a
truly feminine assumption that it was all
over but the ceremony. He did not be-
lieve anything of the sort, but he had a
paternal glow of satisfaction that a fel-
low like Raeburn should show so much
interest in his “little girl.” He had been
observing his daughter’s friends with a
growing distaste for their precocious
sophistications. It comforted him to en-
tertain a vision of Les safely married to
a man like Raeburn—clean and honest
and steady, a fixed quantity, whose fu-
ture could be forecast accurately.

  Raeburn displayed an unexpected ca-
pacity for action. He knew only one
way of getting what he wanted—and he
used that way with a kind of ferocity.

On their third meeting he told Lester
quite bluntly that he loved her, and he
made it so different from the casual
declarations of her experience that she
took him soberly, instead of tormenting
him with evasions.

  “I—I think I care, too, Laurence.” she
told him. ‘ ] don’t know. It’s quite dif-
ferent from anything—”

  She saw his eyes flame redly.

  “Do you mean that—that you’ve been
interested in anybody else?” His voice
choked, and his big, steady hand closed
till the knuckles whitened.

  She was thrilled.

  “Not—not in earnest, Laurence.”
She was amazed to find herself on the
defensive. “Of course I’ve liked loads
of people, but never—”

  His face cleared slowly.

  "Then, you—you'll take me?” He
was abject again, the suppliant, the
suitor. She felt her power return.

  “I’ll have to think. 1—I must be sure,
you know.’’ She watched him out of a
corner of a lowered eye, anticipating the
next move. She meant to let him kiss
her—once. But he held back unaccount-
ably. Her pride prodded her. It wasn’t
in nature for a provisionally accepted
suitor to show self-control. She let her
hand touch his and swayed ever so light-
ly toward him. Still he kept himself
rigid, aloof, though she felt his wrist
tremble. She laughed deep in her throat.

  “Aren’t you going to help me—de-
cide?" she whispered, and lifted her
blank eyes very innocently to his. He
swept her roughly into his arms, a crude,
clumsy embrace, as unstudied as the kiss
that hurt her lips. She struggled a mo-
ment. sighed, and relaxed. It was won-
derful to be really loved, after all. This
was quite different.

  He released her suddenly, abashed,
apologetic.

  “Forgive me, dear. I—I—”

  She drew in a deep breath, her fingers
rising to her hair, her cheeks very pink.

  “You couldn't help it, any more than
Roger Hartman

95

 I could. I—I think I’ve decided, Lau-
 rence. If you want me—”

   “If!” His voice shook. Again her
 sense of power wanned her.

   “Then, I think, some day—’’

  “To-morrow?” He had her hands
again, his eyes burning into hers. She
laughed delightedly. He was wonderful,
she told herself.

  “You absurd person! Months and
 months, at least.”

   He broke into disjointed pleadings,
 which she parried cleverly enough. But
 he beat her down steadily, day by day.
 She was alarmed, when he had gone, to
 find that she stood bound to marry him in
 a month. It frightened her, when she was
 alone, but the idea thrilled, too. She
 hadn’t expected anything like his old-

 ■	fashioned intensity. She had looked
| forward to marrying some agreeable

*	young man who would be quite casual
 i about the whole thing. This sudden

1	blast of passion tempted her even more
 { than it dismayed her. She saw in it
 | only the reflection of herself, her power
 ’ over'a man far older than she, a man
 } who mattered, who had arrived,
 j Her mother felt it necessary to weep
 j a little at the news, but, though she
 j argued mostly against losing her baby,
 i she was very careful not to quarrel with
 the date arranged for the loss. Paulding
 < patted Lester’s cheek and hugged her
 j lightly, but she knew that he was light-
 ing a stubborn sorrow below his obvious
 j relief.

   “I’ll hate giving you to anybody, Les
 j—but Raeburn’s about the best there is.
 •He—you’ll always know what he is and
 .v'where he is. I’ll feel safer.”

   As for Larry Raeburn, locked in his
 bedroom, he was looking straight down
 jinto hell. She had meant that he should
 kiss her; that was why she had touched
 . his hand, why she had come close to him
 'like that, why she had challenged him
 with that mischievous speech. Somebody
 ifrad taught her to do those things; some-
 body had kissed her—perhaps many

 somebodies. She was a woman to bring
 a world of men to her feet. The fire
 she had lighted in him she must have
 kindled in every other man who had
 looked upon her. How many of them
 had held her—kissed her? ... He
 started to his feet.

  “God!” The word came through his
teeth. “Dad was right! I’ve got the
same cursed thing in me that wrecked
him. 1 never guessed—”

  He seized his mind relentlessly, as a
strong man may sometimes, and forced
back the blur of red rage, of explosive
suspicion.

  “It beat Dad,’’ he whispered, "hut it’s
not going to beat me. I’ll fight it out
to a finish right here.”

  He went to bed, at last, reassured. It
was a hideous thing, but you could stran-
gle it, if you leaped at it the instant it
showed its ugly face over your shoulder.
He’d settled it, once for all. There was-
n't any room in Laurence .Raeburn, wait-
ing, swept and garnished, for the Seven
Devils. His doors were barred and
bolted, and he stood on guard behind
them.

  But the Eighth Devil, retreating a lit-
tle, laughed to himself. He didn’t need
an empty place or a welcome. Let the
poor fool think he had won! It would
make things easier, when the time came.

II

  And so they were married and wholly
resolved to live happily ever afterward.
Lester made a bride more ravishly ador-
able than even Raeburn’s forevisions had
painted for him. Her mother had man-
aged ever)-thing so there wasn't a jarring
note about the quiet little wedding at
Saint Godfrey’s or the charming little
breakfast that followed. The October
day had been the distilled essence of In-
dian Summer; there was a sky like a
hollow pearl and the faint, keen breath
of burning leaves On the waft of a gen-
The Eighth Devil

ial wind. People had said exactly the
right things and left the wrong ones un-
spoken. The presents had exceeded Les-
ter’s notion of her due. Laurence had
acted beautifully, so that she was con-
scious of a new sort of pride in him ahd
in herself because he adored her so tre-
mendously and obviously. All in all, it
was a perfect beginning for a perfect
life.

  The wedding journey went well, too,
and those intricate processes of mutual
adjustment which upset so many prom-
ising beginnings proved that this marriage
was solidly founded in love and truth,
for all Lester's inclination to take the
light view of weighty matters and the
ponderous view of frivolous concerns.
Laurence Raeburn managed to wake the
self-centred girl to some reflected glow
of his own white flame. If she did not
reach his levels, she climbed near enough
to let him think her feet beside his own.
There was no rift, no flaw, no regret, no
hint of a quarrel. They came back to
the old, mellow Georgian house as near
to perfect happiness as two human beings
may-safely come.

  Even after she had been settled in her
own home for months, so that the nov-
elty of managing a household to suit
herself had had time to wear away, the
thrill of being able to charge whatever
pleased her fancy, of feeling the half-
envious eves of her old friends paying
tribute to her luck, Lester Raeburn was
still contented, mildly pleased with her-
self and with life. Just when the
Eighth Devil found his opening, she
could not have told, but it must, indeed,
hive been a very gradual affair. Prob-
ably it began in that inevitable process
of ‘settling down” which must follow
every romance, the gradual reversion to
levels after the heights, the let-down of
emotion from tensity to placidity.

  There is a considerable gulf between
twenty-three and thirty, at the best of
it. There was a wider temperamental
chasm between these two. Lester want-

ed lights and laughter, the flow of merry
speech, the flash of wits, the hint of ad-
miration in other eyes. She wanted to
see a good many plays, to go to more
dances and dinners in a month than Lau-
rence Raeburn had attended in his life-
time. She was very much the normal
young woman of her day, utterly aban-
doned to the cult of the "good time,”
while her husband, even among men of
his generation, was already settled in a
habit of practical self-sufficiency. He
had room in his life for Lester, but no
need of others. Having her, he would
have been utterly content to live on *
desert island provided it were well sup-
plied with books and possessed a con- 1
venient, well-appointed office to occupy
him between ten and five. Slowly, as i|
they reverted to their respective levels,
they drew apart. This was no tragedy
for Laurence Raeburn, at the first of it.

He realized no defect, so long as Lester
was in his house when he came home
to it, opposite him at dinner, across the r!
wide, book-laden table in the library af-
terward. But it was suffocating for the
girl. And the sharp, flaming quarrel that \
broke the growing tension took Raeburn
utterly by surprise.

   It subsided, of course, in mutual apol- 1
ogies and tears and kisses and conces- .
sions. Raeburn rebuked himself for not :
having realized the difference in age and |
taste, for having taken it for granted that -
this placid existence suited Les as well
as it satisfied him. Readily enough he
promised better things for the future. 1
They patched up a damply affectionate
truce and began all over again. But it
was only a few weeks before they re-
peated the outburst. And, in a groping
effort to strike back at him for a curtly
bitter comment on the intellectual vacuity
that requires light opera to fill it, Lester
found her weapon. She spoke angrily.

  "Very well I've given you your
chance. You want to sit here, night af-
ter night, drowsing over your stupid
books. You don’t consider me. I'm to
Roger Hartman

97

knit, I suppose, or go to bed. Very well.
You aren’t the only man on earth. Nor
the only one who ever took an interest
in me. I shan’t have to amuse myself—
long.”

  The stabbing gleam of his eyes fright-
ened her. She thought that his clenched
hand was about to strike her, and drew
back from its menace in sudden terror,
staring at his contorted, furious face.

  “Who is he?” The words choked him.
"Tell me—who is he?”

  She saw at once that his fury was
centred on the mythical third person, and
her fear sank as quickly as it had risen,
a malicious sense of her power quick-
ening in her alert brain. He was madly
jealous, after all—jealous as she had fan-
cied he was, long ago. She held her fire,
thinking quickly. Then:

  "Don’t be silly, Laurence. You act
like Othello. There isn't anybody in par-
ticular, of course. I meant that if you
wouldn't consider me, I’d find somebody
who would. I still mean that."

  He had himself under control again,
but the effort shook him, and the toxins
of rage were poisoning him as he strug-
gled for calm speech.

  ‘‘Les, don’t ever try that tack again.
I—you don’t understand what it means
to be jealous. I—”

  She shrugged her shoulders coldly, se-
cretly delighted at the confession of the
word.

  "It’s thoroughly despicable—I quite
understand that,” she said primly. “It’s
a beastly, horrid, ungentlemanly vice.
I'm surprised that you should admit it.’’
He hesitated, groping for words. Her
adjectives were just, he knew. There
was nothing less admirable than his sort
of jealousy. But if she deliberately pro-
voked it, he foresaw that no effort of his
own will could prevent outbreaks like
those to which he had listened, disgusted
and terrified, as a boy. It occurred to
him, in the midst of his abasement, that
his mother had painfully avoided other
men always, had schemed cannily to give

his father no flimsiest foundation for his
rages. Suppose she had tried, instead,
to torment him! . . . He had a quivering
realization of averted tragedy. A man
thoroughly jealous is mad; he may do
unspeakable things.

  "I have fought it—hard,” he said
quietly. “Suppose I inherited a craving
for drink? You wouldn't put tempta-
tion in my way, would you ? Y’ou’d help
me fight it. Help me fight this, Les. 1
need your help.”

  She had a vague consciousness of deep
w'aters, but her mood was hostile. She
shook her head stubbornly.

  “That’s a coward’s excuse. The wom-
an tempted you ! I wonder i f there’s any
contemptible thing men do for which
they can’t manage to blame some wom-
an. I don’t care to talk about this, Lau-
rence. I’m going to bed.”

  She expected him to follow, and it
piqued her that he let her go without pro-
test. In her room she reflected soberly
on the discovery.

  “One thing: it gives me a tremendous
power over him. " She smiled at the
thought. “I mustn’t overdo it. though.”
The Eighth Devil crept up to the fire
and grinned joyously as he wanned his
hands.

Ill

  Lester Raeburn had found her touch-
stone. It was chance only that she found
it so soon, for the knowledge of that
hereditary flaw in her husband must have
come inevitably with the years. She
knew now that she held an insidious
power over the man’s soul; it was as
though he were a drug addict, one utter-
ly given to-some rare and potent intoxi-
cant of which she held all the world's
supply, to give or to deny as seemed good
to her. At first she found it a little dis-
maying, like being married to Doctor
Jekyll and finding that it involved mar-
raige, too. to \fr. Hyde. The compar-
ison struck her fancy; Stevenson had
98

The Eighth Devil

described amazingly the transformation
which her drug could work in Laurence’s
calm and restraint. She must be very
careful never to excite him in public, she
told herself as she contemplated the fu-
ture. He was perfectly capable of mak-
ing horrible scenes. She detested scenes;
she had been carefully bred to detest
nearly everything that was frankly real.
Life had made her a tissue of elaborate
concealments and inhibitions, a fabric of
manners and conventions, no less con-
ventional because they called themselves
the opposite of convention. She said
once, with a shrug of her white shoul-
ders, that emotions were raw affairs—
impossible unless properly prepared, dis-
guised. spiced, and sauced. It was a
rather apt expression of the whole cult
and creed of that world in which she
had been formed.

  She used her weapon sparingly at first,
and always cleverly. She did not fall
into the error of letting Raeburn see her
reasoning. Always she contrived to kindle
that sudden flame of blind fury in him as
if without intention. Once it was no
more than a letter which she burned with
rather more care than seemed necessary
—a letter that bore a club monogram,
made horribly visible for an eternity of a
second as the flames blackened the
creamy paper. There had been a brief,
awful clash over her refusal to answer
his hoarse demands for instant explan-
ation, confession. In the end, as she had
counted on doing, she shamed him into
abject apology, self-abasement. It was
a conquest that she used to extract no
bigger concession than acceptance of an
invitation at which he had rebelled.

  Again, she had recourse to the simple
device of sending herself orchids, with-
out a card, and cooing over them so that
Laurence could see and hear, affecting
not to be aware of his proximity. She
humbled him again, aloof, contemptuous,
inwardly charmed at this new proof of
her power and of his devotion.

  “Really, Laurence, I don't understand

inyseif. I should have thought that I
couldn’t ever forgive this—this vulgar
vice. If you had seen your face^-!

\ ou looked like a murderous navvy.

\ es, I suppose I forgive you. But this
can’t go on. If I’m to live my life never
knowing when the most trivial act or
speech will precipitate a drunken flood
of billingsgate—”

  ^ Help me, then. You're my wife.
It's a fight—a fight against a common
enemy, trying to ruin our lives. God
knows I don't minimize the ugliness ot
it. If k seems hideous to you, what do
you think it seems to me? Why, Les. -
it—it's like a real physical poison. I
ache with it now. Help me, dear—don't
madden me with denials, with that dis-
dainful refusal to answer. Calm me as
quickly as you can by explaining.”

  Her lips curved.

   Thanks. I don't feel that my duty
goes quite so far. A gentleman—”

  He made a gesture of impatience.

  “A gentleman is no different from any
oilier beast when the devil slips into his
soul. It’s a condition we've got to face,
Les—not an ideal.”

  She shrugged her shoulders.

  “Well, let s not talk about it. I—I
want to forget, please. You said ..."

  It was easy enough to collect her in-
demnity now. She levied it relentlessly,
to the uttermost farthing.

  Sometimes she saw that he controlled
the first demoniac impulses. The veins
stood out on his forehead, and his face
reddened blotchily, his wrists quivering
as his will strained against their muscles,
but his lips stubbornly sealed. On the?e
occasions, generally, she contrived to
give ‘.he needed extra fillip to his taut
nerves, to aggravate the slight founda-
tion of his suspicions until the storm
burst on them both. It was refreshing,
she discovered. There was a kind of ex-
hilaration in the rapier-play of her cold,
contemptuous intelligence against the
savage bludgeonings of bis frenzy. Sl>e
enjoyed fendng with him till she wore
Roger Hartman

90

him down, brought him to his knees,
spent, shamed, remorseful.

  Gradually, too, she found a certain
pleasure in the process of reconciliation.
He was abject, always, after the fury
passed, a humble suppliant, begging for
a crumb of forgiveness. It brought back
something of the mildly pleasing thrill of
his first desperate devotion. She felt
herself imbued with a sense of power, of
regality, a Cleopatra whose casual ges-
ture might mean life or death. She
came, in time, to “stirring him up,” as
she described it in her thought, for the
mere satisfaction of the postludes. She
used his jealousy as the most convenient
means of kindling the old, humbled at-
titude which the normal man loses in the
usage of marriage, and the normal wom-
an never ceases to regret.

  She became very clever at it, with
practice. It was amusing to plan a new
scheme of attack, whefi life bored her.
Sometimes she plotted out her ideas as
she lay awake, waiting for elusive sleep;
she amused herself with premeditations
when a journey wearied her or someone
kept her waiting at an appointed tryst.
Thus there was the simple matter of
igniting a cigar at the grate when Rae-
burn had spent a rare evening away from
home, so that the library was heavy with
the strong odor when he came in. She
knew that he would detect it instantly,
for his detestation of cigar smoke in the
house was one of his few stubborn
foibles. When he had regained his self-
control she disdainfully pointed to the
charred stub inside the fender and told
him, truthfully, that she had thrown it
into the fire herself. It had dropped on
the floor, and she had stepped on it. How
had it come there? She shrugged. No
doubt one of the servants had accident-
ally let it fall from the tray. Wasn’t it
the brand he kept for his guests?

  So, again, she tortured him with the
cruder expedient of the late homecom-
ing, letting him pace the floor while din-
ner waited and refusing to answer his

peremptory demand for explanations un-
til they had run the usual emotional
gamut and reached the abject stage of
self-abasement. Then she condescended
to tell him truthfully enough that she had
been delayed at her mother’s, and suggest
that he verify her statement over the tele-
phone.

  She had 110 pity for him. To her view,
his tantrums were no more than vulgar
lapses into crude, debasing suspicion,
mere plunges, of his wilful choice, into
the mire. If he suffered—and she was
skeptical about this—it was his own
fault, and richly merited. She had no
difficulty in justifying herself to herself.
He deserved to be teased, she argued in-
wardly, because he yielded to an utterly
unworthy passion on such scanty provo-
cation. It lay, according to her view,
wholly within her husband’s power to
control his temper. If he chose to give
it free rein, that was his affair. Mean-
while, the process of vivisecting his emo-
tions amused her, and the aftermath of-
forded her a gentle echo of honeymoon
days not unpleasing, for, through it all.
she was fond of him, as fond as a thor-
oughly self-centred woman may be of
anyone. She would have called it love.
Certainly it was as near love as she could
come.

  She observed, with a lazy amusement,
that he made some progress in self-con-
trol. as usage hardened him under her
subtle provocations. He no longer
flamed at the first spark. It needed a
constantly increasing degree of care to
bring him to the point of explosion. The
little hints which had maddened him at
first no longer roused him. She might
challenge him with letters, with flowers,
with elaborately timed tardinesses, and
find him good-humored, levelly placid
Even stronger stimuli lost their effect,
she discovered. He watched her dance
brilliantly with Reppelier Stokes, notori-
ously a loose sort, without even com-
menting on the circumstance as they
drove home. She ventured, at last, to
100

The Eighth Devil

speak of it, disguising her reference un-
der a thankfulness wholly insincere.

  “Larry dear, you’re ever and ever so
much better about—about your jealousy.

I—I *ve been meaning to thank you."

   He smiled lazily.

  “Pure mental science, Les. I've been
giving myself regular baths in it, building
up resistance on a solid fact-foundation.
You see, if I know it’s absurd to suspect,
and keep telling myself so, when there’s
nothing suspicious in evidence, it helps
me over the bad moments when some lit-
tle circumstance might set me off. I
know you aren’t a bit interested in any-
body else; I know exactly who your
friends are and how you spend your
time. And I know you, too. That's the
main thing. When I’m sane, I know that
you’re everything that’s honest and clean
and fine. I keep that right in the front
of my mind, all the time. And when 1
see red, I can snatch at the truth and
hold on tight till I’ve battered the devil
back into his den. See?”

  She saw rather too clearly. He was
curing himself, after all, by this rear-
entrance scheme of undermining suspi-
cion before it existed. He was settling
down to a stodgy, middle-aged certainty
of her that would certainly end by kill-
ing the instinct of jealousy in him. And
she didn't want it killed; she had come,
by now, to think of it as the one sure
way of keeping alive the devotion on
which she had learned to lean so heavily.
Jealousy, of Larry Raeburn’s sort, was
distinctly a matrimonial asset. It meant
that life couldn’t relapse to the dead
monotone of humdrum, take-it-for-grant-
ed placidity; there would be stimulating
heights and giddy depths, so long as he
did not utterly stamp out the madness.

  It was her fault, of course. No won-
der he was sure of her. She had made
it absurdly evident, all along. She had
been particularly careful never to give
him the least real foundation for the sus-
picions she had so laboriously inspired.
Her fear of a possible public scene had

kept her from risking the innocer.t
friendships with other men in which most
of the married women she knew were ~
continually beguiling their boredom.
Naturally his suspicions were absurd
when he sat down deliberately to examine
them. She veiled her eyes so that he
might not see the disappointment in them.

  ‘T’m glad you’re so sensible, Larry.
I’ve tried terribly hard to avoid even the
appearance of evil—always. It—it’s my
reward.”

  He kissed her. It was a husbandly
kiss, a tolerant, friendly affair, as pas-
sionless as a potato. And she watched
him submerge contentedly, in a ponderous
book. Her brain was busy with a new
idea.

  "He mustn't be too sure of me—ever,”
she told herself. “I’ve got to change
that—right away. It—it ought not to be
too difficult.”

  The Eighth Devil hugged his sides.

IV

  From the day of that latest discovery,
Lester Raeburn began to cultivate very
carefully the semblance of evil. She
had cleverness, of sorts, and used it to
excellent effect in her preliminary medi-
tations on ways and means. A duller
woman would have lessened suspicion by
dividing it; Lester centred on one man,
and she chose him rather cleverly as be-
ing the most likely type to enrage Larry,
a man whom he disliked personally and
whose habit and view and personality
were all diametrically opposite to his
own.

  Murray Jessop was a careful idler; he
shunned effort in all shapes as sedulous-
ly as some men avoid temptation. He
drifted, but he was exceedingly thought-
ful about the current that carried him,
taking indolent pains to be sure that it
should not drag him into rapids or over
falls. He played with life in warm,
friendly shallows, resigned to leaving to
Roger Hartman

101

more energetic men the good things to
be gained only at the price of effort, to
having tor himself only what drifted
within his reach. He was exactly the
sort of man to attract Laurence Rae-
burn’s severest contempt—a drone, a
non-producer, no less a parasite because
he had inherited enough money to main-
tain him in sloth. Morally, to be sure,
Jessop was not particularly reprehensible,
simply because sinning, for the most part,
demanded an effort he was not willing to
exert. He had no purple history, and
yet there were few husbands who would
have surveyed with philosophic calm his
intimacy in their houses.

  Yet Raeburn contemplated without
comment the spectacle of a growing
friendliness between Lester and Jessop.
If he doubted his wife, he contrived to
keep the question at bay; his new self-
control proved equal to the steadily in-
creasing strain Lester put upon it He
went his ways methodically, as always,
his even humor untroubled, so tar as
Lester could see. Slowly she tried him
farther, obtruding on his observation evi-
dences of interest in Jessop which, a few
months before, would have wakened him
to instant fury. He was perversely
dense, or more perversely complaisant.
She could not prod him into even mild
objection.

  Scarcely realizing that it was only the
reflex of her annoyance, she slipped eas-
ily into an intimacy with Murray Jessop
which had had no place in her plans.
The quiet, indolent fellow fitted admira-
bly into the fabric of her life. He gave
no trouble; he was never exigent, never
sulky, never difficult, and, within limits,
he was to be counted on for amusement.
She began to rely on him heavily—more
heavily than she knew—as Raeburn
drifted back into absorption in his busi-
ness and left her, more and more, to her
own concerns.

  And yet, through it all, her attitude
toward her husband changed steadily to-
ward the side of a deeper attachment

than before. Having taken him for
granted, from the first, she had been in-
clined to hold him cheaply; now, as she
became unwillingly aware that her power
over him was weakening, her fondness
intensified into something very much like
love. He was hers; she had a right to
his devotion; she wanted it, wanted those
glowing recrudescences of the early fires,
wanted him as he had been. . . . His
seeming inattention to Jessop's intrusions
only persuaded her that she had not gone
far enough. He might have conquered
his besetting vice a little; he had learned
how to control those facile rages that had
flung him abashed and humbled at her
feet when the fun, was spent, but below
the surface, waiting his moment, was her
ancient ally, ready to spring to her aid
when she found the right appeal.

  The more she contemplated the new
status of her life and its relations, the
more certain it seemed to her that sht
was on the right track in using Tessoj
as the means of kindling the old fire ir.
Laurence Raeburn. She had not gon<
far enough along that path; that was all
Very cautiously she went farther, watch-
ing Laurence shrewdly for some hint o:
her success.

  “Murray’s going to take me out to
*Northport this afternoon—Lotta Jud-
son’s you know. You don’t mind, do you,
dear old boy ?"

   He shook his head.

   “Not a bit. Sorry I can’t get away,
but—"

   “But you don't like Lotta,*' she cut in,
 striving to make her eagerness a shade
 suspicious. “I don't want you to be
 bored, you know."

   He grinned amiably and lapsed into hi
 paper. She was angry—thoroughly an
 gry. Was he merely stupid, or didn't h?
 care ? What had happened—what could
 have altered him so radically that he
 could look on unstirred while his wife
 pointedly flirted with a man like Murray
 Jessop?

   She meditated soberly on the problem.
102

The Eighth Devil

She could use a little more pressure, per-
haps. There were ways. . . . She
planned shrewdly. If she gave him some-
thing unmistakably damning to consider
. . . he might explode, but she could al-
ways fall back on the truth, always tell
him that she had been trying to help him
conquer his weakness by building up his
powers of resistance.

   So it happened, quite naturally, that
Murray Jessop was gently persuaded into
something like a display of ardor. He
wasn’t utterly immune to deft stimula-
tion, and Lester Raeburn could be re-
markably provocative when she chose.
Jessop would have laid no siege to her or
any other woman, but he took what the
lazy little gods he worshiped were be-
nign enough to put within reach. He
kissed her, with rather more earnestness
than was characteristic of him, just as
Raeburn came in. Lester, tense and
braced for the scene, listened desperately
for the first roaring blast of her hus-
band’s rage. She felt as if she must
scream unless he broke the tension.
Turning a little, with Jessop’s lightly
confident arm still about her, she caught
her breath. Laurence had gone out, with-
out a word. Jessop had not even known
of his presence!

   In some fashion she got rid of him, not
too brusquely. She hadn’t finished with
him yet. She saw as he left that he was
puz2led, but she had no thought to waste
on his private bewilderments. Larry was
the only man who mattered—Larry who
had watched another man kiss her with-
out lifting a finger to interfere! She
found him in his room, prosaically com-
fortable in dressing-gown and loose,
rather slovenly slippers.

    Larry—I—I know you saw what hap-
pened just now—”

   He nodded, his eyes mildly amused.

    Yes,” he said quietly, “I’m quite sure
that yon -know I saw it. You timed it
very nicely, didn’t you ?”

   She stared. This wasn’t Larry Rae-
burn—it couldi. l be the man who had

been instant to flame into fury at the
faintest breath of suspicion. What had
happened to him? Why didn’t he fly
into his old passion of reproach?

  “You—you don’t think— You know
I—?” she stammered clumsily, groping
for the right phrase.

  He laughed softly.

  "Yes, I know you, Les. I kn'fw that
Murray Jessop never kissed you before
and never will again, until you devil him
into it, as you did to-night. I know
you’re technically as innocent as any
woman ever was. Don’t disturb yourself
in the least, please. It’s quite all right. I
understand—everything.”

  "Larry!” She let her hands fall on
his shoulders. “What’s come over you?
You act as if—as if you didn’t care!”

  "Do I? That’s odd, you know. Be-
cause I don’t care—I don’t care a single
tinker’s damn what you do or say, Les.
You won’t make any trouble for your-
self. I’m perfectly certain that neither
Murray Jessop or any other man will
ever interest you enough to make you
lose your balance. And if it amuses you
to play with that sort of pets, play all you
please. . . . Ah-h!” He yawned polite-
ly behind his hand. ‘'Don’t fret—I’m not
a bit annoyed.”

   She stood still, utterly at a loss.

  “But—but you talk as if you didn't
care—about me!” she complained. “It
isn’t faith that makes you so complaisant
—it’s sheer disinterest!”

  “Oh, that’s rather strong.” He yawned
again. “I’m getting over some of the fol-
lies of my youth, of course. For in-
stance”—his eyes narrowed suddenly—
“for instance, it isn’t possible, any longer,
for a woman to tear my soul to pieces
just for her amusement. You’ve cured
me of that, at last. I owe you a good
deal for that service. Jealousy is a de-
testable vice. I’m done with it, thanks
to you.”

  “I don’t understand.’’ It was almost a
wail. “Larry, Larry, don’t you care any
more? Don’t you love me?”
The Burning Bush

103

  He smiled thinly as he replied:

  “I’m very grateful to you. It took me
a long time to discover that you were
playing with me—that you deliberately
provoked me into those fits of fury for
the fun of seeing me blaze and the satis-
faction of making me crawl to you after-
ward. You faked those early experi-
ments—the letters and the flowers and
that infernal affair of the cigar and all,
just as you’ve been faking this last busi-
ness with Jessop—for the sheer pleasure
of watching me go mad. I didn’t under-
stand until this Jessop affair began. Then
it dawned on me. No, Les, I don’t care.
You’ve cured me of being jealous. And
you've cured me of caring enough to be
jealous. Let it go at that.’’

  He was very nice to her, of course.
Nobody could have been kinder about
comforting her, calming her passion of
tears and entreaties. But he might have
been a doctor, impersonal, aloof. She

realized, at last, that she had lost him.
Perhaps it served her right to stare be-
fore her into barren, desolate years.
Laurence Raeburn thought so. at least, as
he tiptoed away from her door, with the
sound of her sobs following him.

  “I’ve got to be mighty careful,” he
soliloquized as he turned his key. “She
mustn’t ever suspect me. It isn’t safe for
her to think she has that power over me
still. But i f she’d been a little later. . .

  He took an ugly, blunt revolver from
the deep pocket of his dressing-gown as . I
placed it carefully in a dresser drawer.
As his eyes caught his image in the glas ;.
he fancied he got a glimpse of something
infinitely evil, baffled, drawing back.

  The Eighth Devil, cheated, was re-
treating. But Laurence Raeburn knew
that he was not beaten. Oddly enough,
he was rather glad. For when the Eighth
Devil dies, he never dies alone. Love
dies with him. . . .

 THE BURNING BUSH

By Edwin Justus Mayer

J THINK it was one spring a burning bush
   Flamed sudden in the green hills of my youth,

And a great voice spake out oi it the truth
Of Beauty and fell still. A holy hush
Succeeded it. There was not any noise
Of singing birds or rivers or of flowers
Stirring in birth, but all the level hours
Were very silent, as when nuns rejoice.

New breath of a new Spring, how many Springs

   Have been since then? Since wild my dark eyes sighted
   The amazing Bush with awe and frenzy lighted;

And since my cars heard great imaginings
Voiced in eternal tones ? I do not know :

The years are filled with blinding, deafening woe.
IN THE GOOD OLD DAYS

By Frank H. Williams

QH, that ecstatic thrill; oh, that sweet shiver up the spine; oh, that delicious gulp

              in the throat! Do you remember that splendiferous day, fellers, when you bet
          your best girl a box of candy against a kiss and you won your bet T

              And that evening, before going to collect, you dolled up with your best red
          necktie, and brushed your hair back from your ears, and put on the good old fawn
          gloves with the smell of gasoline still clinging to them from the big cleaning. And
          your nose looked sorta red, so you dabbed it with a bit of your sister’s powder and
          then rubbed it off for fear it might show and SHE would think you were a sissie.
          When you went to her house SHE was out on the front porch with her father and
          her mother and her sisters and her brothers and her cousins and her uncles and her
          aunts.

               She just wouldn’t go for a walk around the block, and she positively refused to
          go with you to the back yard to look at the grape arbor in the moonlight, and she
          turned up her pretty, stubby little nose when you suggested going to the drug store
          tor an ice cream suddy. And you gloomily wondered if she were going to renege
          on the bet, and you looked at her with a meaning look in your face, while she blankly
          returned your gaze without a sign of comprehension, and her dad, noting your
          strange appearance, asked you if your face hurt. Her mother looked at your fawn
          gloves and snickered, and you felt yourself getting red, and your hands were large
          and hot, and you put them behind you and tried to take off the gloves, but they
          sirnply wouldn’t come!

              Oh, boy, how you fidgeted and wished you’d stayed home. You got so restless
         that one of the aunts, an old maid who was sweet on the widower who had just gone
         by without paying much attention to her, said: “For goodness’ sake, keep still if
         you haven’t the St. Yitus’ dance ” At that you colored up again like a cerise sun-
         shade.

              Finally the family ambled into the house, one by one and very, very slowly.
         You hitched closer and closer to HER and she looked at you shyly and didn’t move
         away. Then she lifted up her pretty face a ittle as you took a firm grip on your
         courage and—and gave her a quick little peck on the cheek. At that you heard a
         loud laugh and you looked around shamefacedly and there was her father! And he
         said:

              ‘‘That wasn’t much of a kiss, Mehitahel. Give little Horace a nice big kiss!

             Whereupon you just naturally nearly passed away with mortification and,
         jamming your hat down to your ears, hurried away -without once looking back. \ ou
         kicked yourself all around the block and upstairs to your room and then you swore
         you were through with women for good. “Little Horace.*' indeed!
“The Play’s the Thing”

       By An Insider
       “MY SOUTHERN MOLLY-O ”

ALL the Mollies come either from
Dixie or Ireland, and right off
the bat I’ll confess to a weakness
for the South and for Southern Mollies
with that fine sense of humor which char-
acterizes Miss Isabelle Lowe. Those
writing gentlemen whose names are
quoted on Eighth Avenue ash cans, and
in Sixth Avenue “L” stations would
never begin a critique this way, I know ;
instead of mentioning the lady first, or
the play, they mention—and star—them-
selves. But after seeing “The Melting
of Molly” at the Broadhurst Theatre,
I’ve just got to speak up and say that T
like Isabelle Lowe. And she is 110 Aphro-
dite of Melos, either 1

  With that off of my chest, I shall get
to work. The program states that
Messrs. Lee and J. J. Shubcrt present
“The Melting of Molly,” a new musical
comedy by Maria Thompson Davies from
her novel of the same name by arrange-
ment with— But, really, it is too much—
much too much! Everybody but the un-
dertaker had a hand in fashioning Molly,
and he was left out because she is far
from being a dead one. Indeed, she
seems to possess nine lives, like a cat, for
her career, in the theatre, at least, has
been lengthy and varied. First she was
presented without music, as a straight
comedy, and with a big “name” in the
lead; then she was tried out minus the
name and with a charming young actress
—who promptly died or got married.
Then one person wrote the “book” and

another person added tunes, and “Molly”
became a musical comedy.

   But the end was not yet, for the first
attempt at syncopating “Molly” was
thrown into the discard, and. as finally
seen in New York, Sigmund Roml'erg is
responsible for the melody. Edgar Smith
for the libretto, and Miss Lowe for much
of its success.

  Hailing from Virginia, Molly’s sur-
name, of course, is. Carter. We first
meet the Carters under the trees of their
fine old home, where Molly is waiting to
say au revoir to her lover, Alfred Ben-
nett, who is sailing for London 011 a dip-
lomatic errand. Alfred believes nt re-
pose. His farewell kiss, on Molly's brow,
is as ice-bound as Behring Strait. He
loves the ethereal, the spirituelle. I can
well believe he walked down Piccadilly
with a lily in his hand, like the gentleman
in Gilbert and Sullivan. Slim, correct, is
Alfred, and while Molly weeps at his de-
parture, she is perfectly satisfied that he
has done her a great honor in engaging
himself to her. Even while there is John
Moore. John is in love with Molly him-
self. but the Carters would have had none
of him, even if Molly hadn’t loved Al-
fred, for John is only a poor young doc-
tor, a poor young country doctor, a poor
young country doctor in Virginia! But
John appreciates the hot biscuits which
Judy, the Carter “mammy,” bakes, which
shows his good sense, for I am told, on
the side, that Judy is some cook. Molly
thinks so, too, but Alfred Bennett whis-

105
106

“The Play’s the Thing’*

pers indigestion, and passes up the bis-
cuit. So Alfred leaves for London, with
Molly promising to wait for him, and
wi*h John loving her—in vain, as they
say in books.

  Four years pass. Alfred, now a great
personage, is still in London, while the
Carters have become addicted to that
famous indoor sport of dodging bill col-
lectors. There are bills everywhere, and
no money, for with the death of Molly’s
father, his fortune seems to have taken
wings. Judy is still with the family, and
while she still bakes, we first see her
ridding the house of the collectors with
the aid of a broom. Mrs. Carter confides
to her old friend, Judge Wade, that some-
thing must be done, but she will not let
him help her, and she doesn't know what
tliat something is to be. Now she re-
grets that Molly didn’t marry Alfred
Bennett before he went to London, for
Alfred has never returned to marry
Molly, nor has he sent for her to join him
in England; and he has become quite a
wealthy man.

  “Yes, it would have been better if they
had married four years ago,” decides
Mrs. Carter; “for as Molly is to-day—”

  Then Molly appears. Worry and pov-
erty have failed to leave their marks 011
Miss Molly. Nero fiddled while Rome
burned, and Molly fattened while the
Carters starved, l here is no money for
the butcher, but Molly appears calmly
munching chocolates. Molly is fat!

  Her kid sister, Dot, who has been deco-
rated of late in Molly's made-over
clothes, finds the old wedding gown that
Molly got four years ago in which to
rn^rry Alfred, and Dot wants it for a
dress for herself. But Molly, while fat,
is sentimental, and she insists she is sav-
ing the old gown for her wedding with
Mr. Bennett, though, as practical Dot
points out, the garment isn’t half big
enough for the Molly of to-day.

  When Judge Wade suggests a lodger.
Mrs Carter promptly faints, but Molly
thinks they will take one in. thank you.

The Judge points out that he knows a
most excellent young man, a doctor, who,
while waiting for his sanitarium to be
finished, is anxious to secure home-like
accommodations in the neighborhood.
Molly says they will take him in, and the
Judge departs to find the fellow.

  Of course, when he appears, he is
none other than Molly’s other beau? John
Moore, lie is now Doctor Moore, and a
successful health and beauty specialist,
with many interesting patients. But he
still loves Molly. Molly says that she
didn’t know their lodger was to be he.
and she is afraid he cannot stay. When
John asks if she really dislikes him so
much, Molly shakes her head, and the
thing is settled, even to the breakfast
menu. He pays for a month in advance,
so that it begins to look as if the Carters
were to be once more 011 intimate terms
with the butcher. Mrs. Carter insists
that a lodger, a man in the house, is the
very thing they needed—after she hears
of John’s success, and his continued in-
terest in Molly—and everything is lovely,
when a bomb is exploded in their midst.

  After four years, Alfred Bennett de-
cides that he wants to marry Molly. He
wants to marry Molly in the little white
gown she prepared before he went to
London ; he speaks of her as his “dainty
lily”—but Molly confesses openly she
more nearly resembles a cauliflower! As
for the little gown, of course it won’t
half meet. Yet Alfred is coming, in a
few short months, to wed the “lily maid”
he left behind!

  Mother and sister are in despair; John
insists that Molly is just right, and that if
Bennett really loves her, he won’t care a
hoot whether bhe is plump or lean. But
the Carters know lie tier—they know
Alfred, the exquisite, the ethereal. Even
Judy recalls that he wouldn't eat her bis-
cuits. and offers Molly some anti-fat pills,
with herself as a testimonial. This isn’t
encouraging, with Judy tipping the scales
at two hundred or more, and Molly de-
cides she must start in to reduce.
An Insider

107

  “For you’ll never get into the old gown,
Molly, unless you melt,” says Sister Dot.

  “Then I’ll melt!" announces Molly,
even as you and I.

  When he sees that she is in earnest,
John says he will take her in hand, and
throwing away Judy’s medicine, tells
Molly to come to his new sanitarium. He
promises to get her back in shape, the
old shape, in time to meet her elegant
lover from London. But . . . she must
diet—which makes for an amusing finale
to the act, when afternoon tea is brought
in, with hot, rich cakes, straight from
Judy's kitchen, and John keeps the con-
fection from Molly and allows her only
tea, minus cream and sugar.

  In the next act we visit the famous
sanitarium, with a lot of pretty young
women in gym togs, the whole resembling
a scene from a Keystone film. The ath-
letic instructor is played by Miss Vera
Roehrn, a striking-looking young woman,
who gives an excellent boxing exhibition,
and effectively “talks” a song. Here in
the sanitarium we find Molly at work,
and she has begun to melt, judging from
the trim figure she presents in her gym
suit. John comes in, as much in love as
ever, but Molly remains true to her
“memories.” To be sure. I’m not a lady,
but just the same, I can’t understand how
Molly's “memories" of Alfred Bennett
were so thrilling that one needs must be
hugging them always to one’s breast.
Quite the contrary. And I particularly
loathe cold potato!

  Judge Wade has provided the neces-
sary money for Molly's trousseau and
everything, apparently, is going well,
when news is brought that Alfred can’t
get to America, after all, and that he
wants Molly to marry him by proxy and
come to join him in London.

  “Can it be done?” demands Mrs. Car-
ter, with visions of Molly being “wished
back” on her hands, I suppose.

  The Judge assures them gravely that a
marriage by proxy is perfectly legal.
Poor Molly, who has rolled, starved, and

what not for her wedding, has only one
word to say—her husband by proxy must
be John. Which, to a mere man’s way of
thinking, is very hard on John. No
wonder he protests. But Molly wants it
so, and, after all, he loves Molly, and so
he consents.

  The last act takes us back again under
the trees on the lawn of the Carter house.
It is Molly's wedding day, and she has
married Alfred—sort o’ through John, y’
know. Alfred, with his secretary. Miss
Chester, has arrived directly after the
ceremony, finding at the last moment that
he could manage the trip and escort his
bride back to England. When Molly ap-
pears, you'd expect to find her very happy
and everything, with Alfred in America,
but the truth must be published—Molly is
mad, fighting mad, when she shows her-
self to the bosom of her family. She is
wearing the little white dress of four
years ago, and while .it is tight, and she
has been warned to be careful in it, she
has, thanks to John Moore, melted her-
self away to almost her old weight.
Though she doesn’t act at all, at all, like
a “lily maid," a “lily on its straight, slim
stem.” If Molly is a lily, then she is of
that variety known as tiger.

  Molly walks m to tell her family just
where she, and they, get off at. She will
never go back to England with Alfred
Bennett. She doesn’t care if she is mar-
ried to him ; she will divorce him ! Surely
there is some law— When she thinks of
how she has starved herself and worked!
All these years she has hugged to her
breast sweet memories of her youthful
lover, her spirituelle lover! They try to
calm her nerves, Mrs. Carter pointing
out the value of Bennett’s social position,
but the rest of them secretly feel that
Molly has beeu banded a raw deal, and
gladly leave her to John.

  Then Alfred, the ethereal, appears with
his secretary, and lo and behold, Alfred
is now the size of the baby elephant in
the zoo! He must weigh a ton—at least,
three hundred pounds. He tells Molly
108

“The Play's the Thing”

she may kiss him, which she doesn’t do,
ihank Pete, and then he seta in to eat all
the food in sight, and to talk about all
the food in Europe. As pate de foi gras
and caviar disappear as if by magic. Molly
says that now she understands the food
shortage in London. Alfred eats and
eats, until even the audience feeis -» little
faint; a restaurant next to tiie theatre
would starve to death because one simply
couldn’t eat after seeing Mr. Bennett
stuff himself on the stage. When Judy
appears with a plate of hot biscuits, which
Alfred had scorned in younger days, he
promptly takes over the plate and eats
at least a half dozen of its contents. A
sauce, a roast, and an entree have been
named for him in London; he speaks
glowingly of the gastronomic delights of
Rome. And he eats. How he eats! All
the time poor starved Molly watches him,
listens to him! It is more than human
nature can stand, and finally Molly . . .
speaks.

  Molly says something. In spite of
mother, sister, friends, Molly tells Alfred
Bennett just what she thinks of him, just
how she waited, trusted, starved ... for
the sake of an exquisite, ethereal lover
who has returned looking for all the
world like Wilhelmstrasse of yesteryears.
As she lays down the law, she forgets the
old dress, her own increased waistline,
and friendly warnings; with every move
a button flies off, until she stands half
out of her gown. Alfred, blandly eating
at first, finally reaches the conclusion that
Molly isn’t such a “lily on a slender stem”
as he thought. When she insists that she
won’t return to London with him, that
she doesn’t love him. anyway, there is a
momentary pause. Then John comes for-
ward with the announcement that Molly
doesn’t have to go to London with Alfred
Bennett, for the good reason that she isn’t
his wife! He, John, had the forethought
to sign his name, and not Bennett’s, to
the marriage papers, which makes Molly
John's wife anrl not Alfred’s. But not to
he robbed of a life partner, Alfred de-

cides to marry his secretary. Miss Ches-
ter. who, I am satisfied, will feed him
into the grave in a year. _

  Charles Purcell is featured as John
Moore, though the honors go to Isabelle
Lowe, who plays Molly. This is said
without disparagement to Mr. Puree!!,
who is a pleasing actor and a fine singer,
as those of you who have seen his work
in “Maytime” know. It is simply that
“Molly" is a woman’s play, and Miss
Lowe is clever enough to seize each and
every opportunity.

  Isabelle Lowe came from the hinter-
land, and it is whispered that she served
a long apprenticeship in stock. So did
Fay Bain ter, now one of the most popu-
lar of Broadway’s stars. Much has been
made of the fact that Miss Lowe can act.
and in truth her denunciation of Alfred
Bennett in the last act of “Molly” is as
fine a piece of work as has been seen on
the legitimate stage. A comedienne, al-
most a character comedienne, this young
woman has a soft, pleasing voice, and a
droll little trick of screwing up her face,
which the average leading lady would
regard with horror, since it is fatal to
one’s personal beauty. But Miss Lowe is
no mere beauty. She has a genuine
sense of humor, and while I have a hor-
ror of too solid flesh, I think she looked
her loveliest when most plump.

  Second honors of the performance go
to Mrs. Charles G. Craig for her charac-
terization of Judy. Mrs. Craig is, of
course, the best known delineator of the
old Southern mammy on the American
stage, and she lends real strength to
“Molly” in what is the chief comedy
role of the little musical play. The real
secret of Mrs. Craig's charm and success
is that hers is the real negro character,
while her imitators are merely stage
darkies. Her famous aprons, especially
the one with the goslings, are much in
evidence in “Molly,” while to see her in
the gym, rolling with her “young missie ’
is, as they say. down home, alone worth
the price of admission.
An Insider

109

  Charles Purcell ranks third for his
work as John Mo arc.

  Alfred Bennett is played by Robert
Bentley, and his secretary is the smart
Alison McBain. The real worth of legiti-
mate artists in musical comedy is further
proven by the excellent work of Maude
Turner Gordon as Mrs. Carter, and of
Frank Kingdon as Judge Wade.

  Dot Carter, the younger sister, is im-
personated breezily by Gloria Goodwin,
of piquant face and nimble legs. Inci-
dentally, Miss Goodwin wore the best
looking clothes in the show, all of her
costumes bespeaking an up-to-the-minute
smartness. Her partner, Tom Morgan,
was played by Ted Lorraine, a clever
dancer, who scored strongly with a tune-
ful number.

  Marjorie Dunbar Pringle boasted the
voice among the women principals, but,
unfortunately, she lacked personality A
decidedly clever bit was given by Edgar
Norton as a silly-ass Englishman, St.
Clair McTabb. Personally 1 have never
met an Englishman quite as silly as this
gentleman, but he was amusing and cre-
ated much favorable comment. Of the
two dancers, each called Gladys, Miss
Miller is both clever and pretty. Which
is also true of the chorus. Here are some
really pretty girls, but on two occasions
their attractiveness was lost because of
the unbecoming costumes. The blue and
white costumes, with the hats topped with
“wings” of the same material, were de-
cidedly ugly; nor were the jockey suits

good. The settings were excellent, with
the Carter house and lawn especially at-
tractive.

  We have come to associate Sigmund
Romberg’s name with pleasant melodies,
and he has provided a charming score for
“The Melting of Molly.” The theme,
probably called “Darling,” is of a haunt-
ing sweetness that places it easily in the
class with his “Sweetheart” of "May-
time” fame and his "Mother Song" ia
■'Her Soldier Boy.” Also, I like Molly s
song, "Dear Old Gown,” which, by the
way, was fitted to some clever lyrics.
The "Lodger” number, reminiscent of
the “Letter Song" in “The Chocolate
Soldier”—in idea, not in melody, that is—
was charmingly given by Mr. Purcell and
Miss Lowe, while of more “popular"
strain is “Floating Down a Moonlight
Stream,” with a sort of zither accom-
paniment.

  Given a real idea .to work with, the
Messrs. Shubert, with the aid of the
Romberg music, and the clever artists
gathered together, have scored a pro-
nounced success. “The Melting of Molly”
has both rime and reason, as well as a
leading lady who can act, one who isn't
afraid to sacrifice her personal appear-
ance in the interest of her work. It is
a smart show, and will be enjoyed bv
smart audiences.

  Though she is far from being a cat.
let us be thankful that “Molly” has so
many lives, and that at last she has come
up smiling.

gELF-PRESERVATlON is the first law of vanity-cases.

jyjOST women have the vote. So now they can stay comfortably at home on
Election Day without feeling that they’re being cheated out of anything.
AN ASSYRIAN GARDEN

By Brian Padraic O’Scasnain
PRINCESS AJAVIDA:

UQNE hour in that far long ago,

             The Emperor came to my door
        Flying his enemies by night.

I hid him, for his wounds were sore.

         “I hid him in my little house.

Outside the roses blossomed slow;

         In their sweet sheltering he forgot
         Empire and friend and foe.

         '‘One sun-gold hour, within the heart
         Of my warm, high-walled garden, we
         Spoke, lowly-voiced, of little things—

Of life that sang in field and tree,

"Of life—and something more—our eyes
Met, and my heart spoke suddenly.

Ah, there within my garden walls,

        Heaven had come to me!

        "They found him when the roses fell.
        Their foam-sprayed, driven horses came
        Down through the garden. A red yell
        Burst like a sudden flame!

         ‘ He kissed me once and softly said:
         ‘Beloved, what a little thing
         Is death!’ and turned with lifted head.
         They slew him, marvelling.

"The red blades spilled his life, but I
Found a last drop within the bowl.

I held him in my arms to die;

        And his unstricken soul

        “Found breath to say one word. I bent.
        He called my name with a last cry.

The watching soldiers rose and went.
There is no bride more proud than 11"

110
The Handwriting Detective

   A Department
   Conducted by Louise Rice

          In this Department, Louise Rice, the famous Graphol-
       ogist, will reveal the characteristics shown in the hand-
       writing of those of our readers who send in specimens, and
       will explain the reasons for her deductions. Each specimen
       of handwriting submitted must be accompanied by the
       coupon printed at the end of this article. To those who
       do not desire their reading published, Mrs. Rice will mail
       a personal letter, on our receipt of twenty-five cents in com
       or stamps for each specimen submitted.

1BLEW into the editorial rooms of
Live Stories the other day—first
time in years. The girl at the tele-
phone was new; she didn’t know that
i used to walk right in.

  "Tell 'em the Handwriting Detective
is on the job.” I said.

  She did that very thing, with a wor-
ded look. But even so, I had to wait,
for several of the authors whom you
know very well, were before me. And,
while I waited, the pretty telephone girl
—do they ever have anything but a pretty
telephone girl in an editorial office?—
carried on a conversation that interested
me. She called a number and then said:
“Yeah. . . . Listen, Carrie, T saw him
last night, and he—oh—1 don't know—
lie’s so quiet that you never can tell—”
She was absent-mindedly scribbling on
a piece of paper as she talked,jpid this
i? what she wrote:

  Now. I swear that my mother raised
me not even to peep at the market list
of anybody, but since I’ve been a hand-

writing expert—for years and years—
( fact, I assure you, although, of course,
1 don’t look it!) 1 just can’t make mv
eyes behave whenever I see anybody
using a pen.

  For a bit of handwriting, especially
when it’s done absent-mindedly, is H.c a
searchlight suddenly turned upon a dark
landscape, said landscape being a human
being, whose face, hands, clothes, and
manner of speech arc often no more real
indication of the thing withm than the
aforesaid landscape is indicative of what
minerals lie beneath it. Oh. yes; I know
that people think you can tell an honest
man by his eyes, and a lot of other
things about estimating character, but
you ask any detective and he will tell
you that criminals have the straightest.
most unflinching eyes in the world. And
did yon ever know one of those wide-
eyed, baby-faced girls so that you were
•ally well acquainted with her? W’otigh
said!

  Well, here was my pretty little tele-
phone girl, demure and sedate, with a
cool eye and a cooler voice and a well-
marked chin. In the now popular crook
play she would instantly be cast for the

111
112

The Handwriting Detective

wise young woiking girl who has a heart
of gold, but does not forget that Harold’s
check-book will be more useful as a life-
long companion than honest John’s good-
ness. And right there is where the stage
director would be all wrong. Because
the telephone girl at the busy wire of
Live Stories would cheerfully chuck
Harold’s check-book into the extraordi-
nary place known as the middle of next
week, for one smile from honest John.
I’ll tell you how I know it.

  Look at those sudden spurts of the
pen. Look how the last stroke in that
“1” in “love” thickens—thickens 1 Why,
that girl is just a bundle of emotions,
impetuous, ardent, counting a kiss as
worth more than a lobster supper. It's
a sure sign, that thickening of the hori-
zontal strokes. So I smiled a little as
I heard her telling Carrie how very in-
differently she had answered “him’’ when
he said something that—and then I went
in to see the lady editor.

  The editorial room of this magazine
was arranged by a person of exceeding
wisdom. What you see is a slender
figure in wonderful blue, and a blond
head, and a classic profile, and blue cur-
tains of the same blue as the dress, and
a jar of pink roses. Feminine—my! I’m
a breezy sort of a person, myself, and
the effect of that room and that per-
sonality was to make me suddenly con-
scious of my hands and feet. She looked
frail and ideal and dreamy and I thought
how hard it must be for her to do any-
thing except sit among cushions (of the
right color) and dream of some golden
knight. She was finishing a letter as I
went in, and you know I said I couldn’t
make my eyes behave under those cir-
cumstances. Well, I looked. And I got
a shock. This is a piece from that letter.

  Please note those compact letters, that
well regulated “t” bar, that cautious capi-
tal “M.” Observe that the tops of the
letters are angular and that the bottoms
are round. The “t” bar showed me
temper and temperament severely kept
under control. The “M" showed me
somebody who wanted to be selfish, but
despised herself for it; the compact let-
ters showed me a shrewd, level head;
but that angularity at top and round-
ness at bottom screamed aloud of a cap-
tious, exacting, contradictory, intensely
subtle and devious mind—the kind of a
mind capable of standing off and calmly
watching the worst agonies of the heart
which beats below it. Not at all the
dream lady—very much not!

  I told her some of that. She looked
at me with her impenetrable blue eyes,
and I knew that that brain was estimat-
ing me and my talk about handwriting.
She was new, too, since my time.

  And then the business manager came
in. I knew him years ago and thought
that I thoroughly understood him—hon-
est, kindly, shrewd, far seeing—but it
happened that I had never seen his hand-
writing. He sat down at his desk and
wrote for me the first two words that
came into his mind.

  “I suppose I'm giving myself away
sadly,” he remarked with a smile.

  "You said something,” I slangily
agreed. Look at those two words:

  Do you see it, as I did? Here is the
companion soul to the ardent, unselfish,
and warm-hearted telephone girl! Oh.
with differences, of course. Time and
experience and mental training have
done a great deal to differentiate the
young girl and the mature man. but here,
also, is one to whom a check-book is
less important than a smile. And he s
the business manager, and famous for
the way he holds down his job.

a
Louise Rice

113

  “How do you do it?” I asked, after
I had explained to him that now I knew
the real inwardness of him. “1 thought
that financial geniuses had to be cold
and rather unfeeling, even though they
were kind and honest.”

  “Why?” he asked me.

  Well—I don't know, do you ? Only,
it's a way that we get into thinking. I—
even I—ahem !—who have had those
years and years I mentioned of “read-
ing” character in handwriting, and get-
ting surprised by what I read—even I
find it hard not to expect people to be
what they look like or what their work
appears to make of them. But, when
you come to think of it, why should
the ability to handle money successfully
do away with the ability to love hard, or
to be enthusiastic over a sunset ? The
business manager blushed clear up into
his hair, when I got that far and said
he guessed he’d better get to work.

  By that time most of the office force
was sauntering into the blue room, with
scraps of paper which they implored me
to read:

  “There are a good many,” I remarked,
with a glance at the clock.

  “I tell you what you do, you write
this all up, just as it really happened,”
said the blond and blue editor, “and in-
clude all these. Come on, each of you.
and give your specimen to the hand-
writing lady.”

  But they didn’t do that. They mixed
’em. I had seen them slyly slipping the
papers from one to the other. So I
don’t know which is which, except that
everybody in the editorial rooms was
there, from the president to the office
boy. I have no means of knowing
whether it is a man or woman about
whom I am talking. Bearing in mind
the fact that the personality is no in-
dication whatever of the real elements
of character, I'll wager there’ll be a good
deal of surprise and some laughter when
those people read, with you, what I’ve
written about them. For Graphology,
h— l. s.

which is the name by which this science
is known, is really a serious and pain-
fully accurate affair. It jabs right
through that surface you that you like
so much, down to the real you which
may be far less pleasing, but is almost
invariably far more interesting. It is
not guess-work on my part, you know ;
I do not use intuition, or “go into the
silence” or employ anything but a fairly
active mind which has been trained to
recognize and estimate the thousands of
variations on the one hundred and fifty
well-known formations used by the Oc-
cidental nations in writing.

The writer of Specimen Four is one

to whom extremes of thought, feeling
and expression are natural. Contrast
the loose and breezy “t” with that firm
and self-possessed “t” in Number Two.
And note that the “K” spreads out ex-
pansively. Observe the upward slant
of the writing. Here is an individual
with ardor and impatience, and lov? of
luxury, and a quick imagination, and a
fair degree of sensuousness, and not
enough will power to control all that
To know about how much, and what
kind of will power people possess, look
at their “t” bar, always. It need not
be long or unusually strong, but it must
have a certain sweep and power or be
close and compact if it is to indicate
will power. And the need for will power
is all the greater, of course, the more
intricate .and interesting the character.
So whoever this is, whether successful,
happy or otherwise, he is really in need
of some intensive self-cultivation. But
I’d like to meet that one—I’m going to
make them tell me who it really is.

The writer of the specimen numbered
five is as opposite from number four
114

The Handwriting Detective

as it is possible for two human beings
to be. This person is fearful of every-
thing, and cautious and reserved and
introspective. Do I have to explain to
any thoughtful reader why I know that?
Isn’t that the instinctive estimate you
would make of this minute, tortuous bit
of writing? And your instinct as to
handwriting is frequently correct, for
Graplioiogv is based upon a long, long
line of instinctive reasonings, reduced to
a system. Why, away hack in 1620
Camillo Baldo—-but you don't want to
hear that, do you? Anyway, there are
a lot of famous names among the grapho-
logists of the centuries since Camillo
nr?: began the serious investigation as
to the meaning of the utter individuality
of every individual's *‘hsL" To return
to the specimen. Anybody who writes
that little, cramped hand needs to get
ou* in the world and breathe some ne«
a:r, he needs to learn to laugh—no hu-
mor i:i this specimen at all. On the other
and quite obviously, without even
a sucgesticsi front Lue science of Grapho-
jogv. there is :he capacity for taking m-
inite pains. If, to that element, more
courage and initiative were added- the
character of this writer would promise
a good deal for work requiring dose and
accurate attention.

Xumber Six. Nice g.rl, that; Now

i m guessing tor i&cre 2s no such thing
as telling sex in handwriting, i know
of no belter argument for the comp ete
equality of the mafe and female than this
ooe th:ag—stripped down to the reveal-
ing ciwrographr. men and women are not
marked by a siagle dsssngiztshing marie
jest the jsmc, I think she's a nice girl!
There is sccsetimes a -'ssssxthjasf* about
a ui: ci haadwrmng wh*± ruggesss thzi
we xather vagadv call ie*siaine,
and a person wTjo fcas examined—oh.

or of specimens* can

sometimes be right in finding that some-
thing. Aside from that, however, the
character, as revealed, would tit any
young person of normal instinct, good
heart, and fair brain development. As
for its being a youthful hand, of thit,
at least, I can be sure. After middle
age is reached, it is very difficult to «ay
approximately bow old a writer is. I've
known people of eighty who wrote as
firm a hand as those of 6fty—but youth-
fulness shows ill the unformed nature of
the letters, just as it shows in the un-
formed features of the face. In Num-
ber Six there is too much imagination
and too much lack of forcctulncss. but
that is true of all nice young people.
It’s a good fault.

  If you want to see the evidences of
maturity in a hand which has some re-
semblance to Number Six, look at Num-
ber Seven. The difference is plain

enough; anybody can see it but it is
almost impossible to describe. It is like
the very slight d:n erences which exist
between the face of a boy of twenty
and that of a man of thirty There
are no lines, as later in hie, no real
char ge that can be seized upon, aad yet
—exactly! Wefl, here is a person, too,
•t-ith imagination ar.d some lack of force-
fr-ness—hat that is a more serious fault
here than it is in Number Six It is
in need of instant correction—or rather,
of instant attention. The correction will
take a kmg time. Each of these people
is acecaooate. m that gentle, sincere,
and tender way « *v.ch makes one :c*/d
of borne, and tender and pitiful to weak
tings, and a Httie sentnr»er?tal My. ii
they really understood each other. ar»d
if Six were that nice girl that 1 sus-
pected ar*d Seven—wefl. anyway *fc<r
cocVi be fnesdss, cookin'* they, if tfeey
were ?av nice girb5
Louise Rice

115

  Number Eight has some family re-
semblance to Six and Seven, which is
the reason I put it in here, to show you
how carefully a graphologist must judge.

The resemblance is superficial. Note
that there are no similar letter forma-
ations. This particular specimen is a
baffling one, and I have a suspicion that
the personality is one of much reserve.
Not that personality is accurately re-
flected in writing, but that element of
being, like sex, is sometimes hinted at,
as it were, to an experienced eye. Note
the suave, attenuated small letters which
are perfectly distinct, and yet have their
outlines cut down to the utmost sim-
plicity. People who use that kind of a
hand are more highly developed men-
tally than they are physically or spiritual-
ly. Not that any lack of physical health
is indicated, but that the writer’s inter-
ests are not fixed upon matters which
concern only the body. Neither is the
spiritual nature greatly encouraged to
function. This is a person of clear, ac-
curate, rapid thinking power, who is not
credulous, who is what is known as “hard
headed.” and who has very clearly de-
fined ideas and convictions. An inter-
esting personality, I am sure, but not
especially magnetic, except upon a de-
liberate intention of being so, or on those
rare occasions when the emotions are
stirred. That there is a capacity for
deep and serious affection is indicated
by the sloping of the writing rightward,
and you can see that this specimen is
inclined very sharply.

  Speaking of affection, if you want to
know how loving your sweetheart is, look
at this matter of which way his hand-
writing leans. Roughly speaking, we
may estimate that the upright hand rep-
resents the zero mark in emotionalism,
from which each slight deviation right-
ward marks a step onward. Handwrit-

ing which all but lies down upon the
line represents the limit—the hysterical
and neurotic.

An illustration of this unemotional
type is found in Number Nine. Not.

%4 L-&

you will observe, that the handwriting
is really placed at the zero mark, but
that the effect of the writing makes it
seem upright. This effect is partly due
to the formation of the letters, which
are plain and unobtrusive. This person
lacks imagination; note the closeness of
the dot of “i” to the letter, which is a
sure sign of a practical and literal mind
This writer does not believe in fairies,
you may be sure—in fact, doesn't be-
lieve in much of anything which cannot
be demonstrated in words of few syl-
lables. People of this type are ver>
useful to the world; it is they who keep
us sane and practical, and who provide
us with steady and reliable and con-
scientious workers.

I don’t know about Number T*ui—

really I don’t. Once in a while an hon-
est graphologist comes across a speci-
men either intentionally disguised, or
written when the hand was very tired,
or in sickness, or in a fit of rage, which
it is almost impossible to decipher. This
is one of those. If I “read” the speci-
men the way surface indications point.
I’d say—inconstant, uncertain temper,
disposition to be moody, some imagina-
tion, a dry sort of humor, affections in-
tense but unreliable—but I have a feel-
ing that the specimen has been “doped.’’
Maybe not. But if not, then it is a most
unusual specimen indeed and I should
need a hundred or so more words before
I should be willing to stand by my
diagnosis.	^
116

The Handwriting Detective

After struggling with that, it is a re-
lief to turn to Number Eleven. Here,

if you please, is ti thoroughly consistent
character. Notice that all the letter
formations are similar in type; that the
“t” bar is nicely adjusted to the relative
strength and size of the letter, that the
size of the capital is in proportion—
and a lot of other things which you can
see if you look carefully 1 Now I’ll
“read” that character for you, and you
can guess pretty easily how it’s done, by
this time. 1 estimate this person as hav-
ing passed into mature years—not neces-
sarily over forty, mind you—for Grapho-
logy does not recognize mere years. It
merely recognizes facts, and you know
perfectly well that some people are old
at forty and some are still quite young,
but all have passed beyond the stage
where they are likely to change greatly
in temperament. Well, this person will
assuredly not change. Whether man or
woman, the ideals, the attitude of mind,
the tastes, the emotions are all firmly
outlined. The joining of the words
shows a mind, which is not only logical
in its operations, but which forces the
impress of its conclusions upon the heart
and soul. Many people, you know, can
think accurately and see very clearly a

chain of reasoning, but are quite power-
less to rule themselves thereby. This
person’s mind does that ruling well, but
it could not have been always so. There
are evidences of impetuosity and illy
governed impatience, and of pride and
of passions, now overcome.

  The last specimen, you will notice,
has a more pronounced pen pressure
than any of the others. This one fact

is indicative of a keen interest in the
material and physical world, but, in ad-
dition to that, we have the almost up-
right writing, the heavily formed letters,
and the inflated loops on the letters, all
of which show a nature which is empha-
tically of this world. I’d say that it
would be a matter of prime importance
to this person as to whether a steak were
tender or not; that the possession of
money would confer the greatest hap-
piness, and, next to that, the possession
of health. I'd expect this person to be
righteous and decent, but ;o have only
a perfunctory interest in religion—and
I’d be sure that he—there, I’m guessing
again—because maybe this is that sweet,
Madonna faced girl that I particularly
noticed! You never can tell ’em by
howr they look, you see—but as to how
they write—that’s a different matter.

             THIS COUPON entitles the sender to one
          graphological reading. If the sender does not desire
          the specimen and reading published, twenty-five cents
          in stamps or silver should be enclosed.

                Address:

 The Handwriting Detective,

 LIVE STORIES.

 35-37 West 39th Street,

 New York, N. Y.

    The next article by Mrs. Rice teSl appear in the June number of Live Stories,
on sale May ist.
White Treasure

    By Cyrus Townsend Brady
    rA THREE-PART STORY—PART I

I

IT was warm and still under Uie trees.
The rude, ill-defined trail wound
steadily upward through virgin for-
est. The girl quickened the pace of her
horse. She was tired of the monotony
of the pine woods, and was anxious to
get to the open crest of the foothills
of the coast range. PresenUy she reached
her high goal, and with a sigh of relief,
drew rein, dismounted, and walked for-
ward to the brink of the hill. She
stopped on the highest point and sur-
veyed the enchanting prospect as she had
often done. Silently she reveled in its
color; she noted again with keen pleas-
ure the green of the mighty forest, the
silver of the shallow river, the gold of
the bordering sand, and, far beyond all,
the deep blue of the tossing sea. The
scene lacked nothing but life, and as she
stared, life came.

  The primeval loneliness was disturbed
by human figures. Though they were
far beneath her, she could see them quite
easily w’ith the naked eye. She made out
six men coming from the forest and
moving down the clearing on the brink
of the precipice overlooking the river.
One obviously was a white man; she
could not place the others. Their brown
heads were covered with brilliant hued
caps; they wore short, gaudy jack-
ets and shorter trousers; their brown
feet and legs were bare, and around each

man’s middle a broad and glistening sash
of many colors was twisted. She had
never seen a Malay, she knew nothing
ot the sarong which was his distinctive
girdle; but that the men were foreign
and semi-savage she could not doubt.

  She fixed her gaze upon them. She
had never before seen a soul there. As
far as she knew, that lonely shore, that
shallow river, were unsettled and un-
visited. Her curiosity was aroused by
their unexpected presence and she sur-
veyed them with a' vivid and curious
interest. She was conscious of a vague
feeling of resentment, as if these stran-
gers had suddenly profaned a shrine of
her own, though she could lay claim to
no proprietorship in that strip of no
man’s land along the shore.

  Suddenly her interest quickened into
an intensity of horror. Battle and mur-
der and sudden death invaded the peace-
ful solitude with appalling abruptness.
She stood stunned for a second, and then,
leaning forward, screamed half in terror,
half in warning. Her voice was lost
in the intervening distance. Her breath
coming short, her heart beating furiously
as the battle was waged below her, she
could only stand and stare, an uncon-
scious spectator, judge, and, as it hap-
pened in the end, guerdon of the con-
flict,’

  For one instant, the white man's long
continued watchfulness was abated. Of
that solitary moment of faltering vigi-

117
118

White Treasure

lance Po-Yanpen took prompt advan-
tage. His knife flashed in the sunlight
as he leaped at the back of his master.
Happily, Fortune, in complaisant mood,
overlooked the lapse of the American
As he struck at the engineer the Malay
tripped and fell. . Such was the force
behind the blow that the assailant, unable
to recover himself, pitched down at the
other’s feet, his curved kris burying it-
self in the earth.

  The American sensed his danger in-
stantly. He turned and kicked the half-
risen Po-Yanpen with such violence that
he drove the Malay’s body over the cliff
and into the river below. At the same
time, he whipped out his revolver and
fired point blank at the other four com-
ing at him. He missed Wan-Aman, to
whom Po-Yanpen’s leadership had fall-
en. hut he accounted for the next man,
who went down with a bullet in his
brain. Before he could fire again, Wan-
Aman and the other two were upon him.
His revolver was knocked from his hand
and followed Po-Yanpen’s body down
the cliff. Wan-Aman cut him deep in
the shoulder. The fourth Malay struck
him over the head with a heavy ax,
while the last one darted in from the
side, seeking an opportunity to use his
short dagger.

  Thus menaced on all sides, though he
had accounted for two of his mutinous
and murderous crew, and was weapon-
less before the other three, the engineer
resorted to the offensive, characteristic
of his temper and race. Before the man
with the dagger could deliver a second
cut. the engineer felled him with a ter-
rific blow of his fist, and then, sustain-
ing a second stab from the kris, the
white man leaped at Wan-Aman. The
now thoroughly frightened Malay strove
to grapple with him. but the American
lifted him up, and by a wrestler’s trick
loosening his grip, hurled him senseless
to the rocks. The American then picked
up Wan Aman’s kris and made for the
only one of the quintette of villains still

upon his feet. This fellow was made
of sterner stuff. He braced himself for
the shock and met it bravely. Two
knives flashed in the air and the ring
of blade on blade penetrated the dull
ear of the Malay who had been knocked
down. He grasped the American by the
heel and the three men went down to-
gether and rolled on the earth, confused-
ly fighting and striking.

  The woman on the high hill saw all
this clearly. From the'first leap of the
striking traitor, against which she strove
to warn the man of her race with that
futile cry. to the last struggle in that
confused melee, she had missed nothing
Silent still, she watched with fixed look
the white man rise triumphant at last
only to stagger and crash down, ap-
parently helpless, and lie still by the
side of the men he had conquered against
such odds.

  So sudden had been the attack, so
swift the battle, that only the presence
of the bodies on the clearing convinced
her of the reality of the same. When
it was over, she could have cried aloud

  For a moment or two she considered
what to do. Her instinct was to fly,
to ride back to her camp and bring help.
But she discarded that idea as soon as
it was formed. For one thing, it would
take time. The white man had been
alive a moment since. He might be alive
now. If she waited, he might die. She
must go to him.

  She stared again but could detect no
movement among the slain. They were
all apparently dead or dying. With in-
tent look she searched wood and bank
and shore. No others appeared. She
had, she thought, no interruptions to fear.
She would go down to give what as-
sistance she could, to find out what it
was all about. She turned, called to
her horse, mounted, and rode rapidly
down the mountain side through the
trees, picking her way skilfully over the
trailless declivities and through the
woods.
Cyrus Townsend Brady

119

  When the white man got the mastery
over the two remaining villains, and
wresting the kris from the last survivor,
held him down with one hand while he
thrust the Malay through the heart, he
was utterly unconscious of his wounds,
his weakness, his loss of blood. It was
not till the engineer got to his feet that
he realized his helplessness. He took
a step or two. brushing the blood from
his eyes, and then fell. He summoned
all his resolution as he went down and
barely managed to keep from fainting.
He lay still for a moment, suffering
agonies, and then nerved himself for a
final effort. He got to his hands and
knees, bound his handkerchief about his
head, and, disregarding the other
wounds, sufficiently serious to have in-
capacitated a less resolute man, he set
himself to getting rid of the bodies of
the four Malays. With incredible effort
and slowly, with long pauses, he managed
to roll them off the cliff and into the
river He knew he had come in at flood
tide and that a sufficient time had elapsed
for the tide to have turned, so that the
bodies would be carried out to sea with
the river current and the ocean ebb. He
did not want any dead men about in
case he should be rescued. Their bodies
might give rise to awkward questions.

  His painful and wellnigh impossible
task accomplished, he sought to go down
to the brink of the river, where his ves-
sel, a square-rigged, decked-over Ma-
layan kapal, was hidden in the trees that
bordered a little creek. But that was
beyond him. He realized that he could
scarcely expect succor on that lonely
coast—its loneliness having recommended
it as his landing place—and that if he
were to get help, he must go for it.
But further progress was impossible.
He tried to crawl along the cliff toward
the descent up which he had come, but
his slow advance soon stopped. Despite
his iron determination, strength of body,
mind, and will all gave way at once, and
he pitched down, burying his face in the

earth. This time it appeared that he
was out for good.

  He was conscious of nothing. He did
not hear the footfalls of a horse crash-
ing through the undergrowth, treading
down fallen branches. Even the cessa-
tion of sound as the horse was stopped
made no impression upon him. He did
not know that the girl, white faced but
resolute, had dismounted and had drawn
her pistol, a light automatic her guide
had insisted upon her carrying every-
where. With her other hand, she took
the flask of whisky, also a requisite in-
sisted upon, from the pocket of her jack-
et, and, thus doubly armed, stepped for-
ward.

  She could see him clearly as she came
through the underbrush. At the first
sight of the open, she stopped amazed.
Had she not seen six men engaged in
deadly struggle? Yet there was but one
before her! Where were the others?

  She could not answer the question,
nor did it trouble her long. She noted
that the one body left was that of the
white man. Naturally her sympathies
were all with him. He was of her race.
He had been the subject of a cowardly
attack and he had contended triumph-
antly against overwhelming odds. These
were reasons enough.

  With sudden fear, she ran toward him,
bent down, and, by exerting all the
strength of her vigorous young arms,
turned him onto his back. As she
dropped her unnecessary weapon, she
lifted his head and put the flask to his
lips. Then she took a good look at him.
His face was that of a young man; the
full, dark beard did not disguise its
rugged strength. His lips were white,
his face lined and bronzed by toil and
exposure, so that she deemed hin older
than he would have appeared under dif-
ferent circumstances. His hair was mat-
ted with blood, which had also run down
his cheeks and into his beard, and which
was still flowing. Her hands, as she
supported his shoulder, came in contai
120

White Treasure

with more blood, at which she shud-
dered, but did not release her hold.

  Obviously he was in desperate case.
She managed to force a few drops of
liquor between his teeth, whereat he
opened his eyes a moment, lifted his
head a little, and muttered between his
clenched teeth words which she caught,
bending eagerly to listen.

  “That damned—Po-Yanpen—betrayed
—water—”

  Then his eyes closed again and his
head fell back upon her arm. She laid
him down gently, picked up her Stetson
hat and ran down the declivity toward
the river. Fortunately, she soon came
upon a little spring trickling from the
rocks. She was so intent upon her pur-
pose that she did not note certain dark
objects being swept out to sea by the cur-
rent. She filled the hat, which held water
perfectly, so close was its textnre, and
ran back to the unconscious figure. Then
she paused uncertainly. She had no first-
aid packet or other material for dress-
ings with her. Her hesitation was but
momentary. She tore off the riding
jacket, and then took off her linen waist.
She did not stop to cover her bare arms
and shoulders with the coat, but set im-
mediately to wash and bandage the man’s
wounds, especially tbose in his head and
shoulders.

  She was rewarded by a complete re-
turn to consciousness as she stanched
the flow of blood and ministered to him.
She was so busy over him that at first
she did not notice his prolonged stare.
When she became aware of it. she real-
ized her appearance and, with a blush
almost as crimson as the blood stains on
the bandages, she laid his head down and
resumed her jacket, buttoning it up to
her throat. Then she spoke to him.

  “I saw it all/’ she began. “You were
splendid! How do you feel now ?”

  The man had not ceased to stare. He
could find no words at first. The woman
gave him another swallow of water and
whisky and then he spoke.

  “Are you angel or—’ he whispered
brokenly in bewilderment.

“Only a woman. What became of
those men? Why did they attack you?”
But the man closed his lips and made
no answer. The woman waited a mo-
ment and then went on:

  *	\ ou can tell me all about it when
you feel better. Now 1 am going to my
camp to get help for you. Are you
afraid to stay here alone?"

  The man smiled faintly.

  “Pm afraid of nothing—after all I’ve
gone through,” he answered. “You
see—” Then his lips closed again.

  “Exactly,” said the woman. “Ill
drag you under the shade of this tree,
leave you this flask and this automatic,
and be back in two hours with horses,
a wagon or a litter and help—”

  “The flask only. Keep your gun. You
might need it.”

 “Why? Are there any more of
those—” she began apprehensively, but
he cut her short.

  “So far as I know—you and I are
the only living beings—in this world,”
he said.

  She nodded, and then with an exhibi-
tion of strength surprising in one of her
somewhat slight build, she dragged him
into the shade of the nearest trees and
made him comfortable As she rose to
go, he feebly detained her.

  “Y’ou have—have saved my life—
doubtless. Your hand,” he said. When she
gave it. he pressed it to his lips. “I may
not be here when you come back, and
that is for—thank you and—good-by.”
She completely misunderstood him.
She looked at him anxiously indeed as
she withdrew her hand and turned away.

  “You’ll be all right. I’ll hurry back,”
she said. “Keep up your courage.”

  He watched her mount and ride off;
when he lost sight of her, he listened
till all sound of her going died away.
N’o one must find him there. He must
disappear as completely as the Malays
had, though not in the same way.
Cyrus Townsend Brady

121

  He was a strong man, and a heavy
draft from the well-filled flask gave him
a certain temporary vigor. Her bandag-
ing had been well done. The flow of
blood was stopped. He did not try to
walk; he must husband his strength.
But he could crawl. Slowly he made his
way to the shore. She had said two
hours. He must make it in one. At
all hazards, he must be away before she
returned. And she would return quicker
than she had promised; instinctively he
realized she was that kind of a girl.

  He had lost count of time when he
reached the side of the boat in the creek.
There lay his hardest task. He had to
lift himself up and scramble aboard. He
had scarcely strength to cast off the
mooring. How he managed to hoist a
scrap of canvas he could never tell. The
current and the ebb both acted for him.
The boat drifted out of the creek and
was carried over the bar. The wind
caught the rag of sail, and in a few mo-
ments the little vessel was rising and fall-
ing in the gentle waves of the mighty sea.
Then, and not till then, did he faint dead
away. He lay on the deck in a state of
coma from which at first even the sud-
den deluge of rain, which came squall-
like across the hills tow’ard the ocean did
not arouse him.

  In less than an hour and half the girl
was back. With her were some of the
men guides, packers and servants from
her camp in the woods. The promised
wagon was waiting on the nearest road,
the men bore a rude litter hastily im-
provised. The woman led them un-
erringly to the clearing.

  No one was there! The oldest guide
looked at the woman inquiringly and a
little incredulously. She could give no
explanation. She was as much bewil-
dered as the others.

  "Air you sure you seen it all, jes’ as
you tole us, Miss?” he asked searchingly.

  "Of course,” answered the girl. “Do
you think me a child? I saw, I tell you,
and you know mv waist was gone.”

  “You sartin'Iy couldn’t a’ dremp that
away/’ answered one of the others.

  "I didn’t. Look about. Search. He
may have crawled away—” she began.

  But the guide stopped her.

  “Remember that squall o’ rain that
come down on us on the trail? It fell
here, too, an’ washed out every sign.
Can’t follow no trails now, Miss.”

  “It hasn’t washed out this,” answered
the girl, plucking Po-Yanpen’s kris from
the ground and holding it up triumph-
antly.

  “Ain’t never seed no knife like that a-
one.” said the old frontiersman, glancing
at it. Then, examining it critically, he
passed it on to others equally ignorant.

  “But I guess you did see something,”
he continued. “We better take a good
look around.”

  A search, Iastin" for hours, revealed
nothing further, but the woman would
not give it up until the approach of night
made it necessary to. return to her camp.
She rode off full of the mystery, and but
for the strange curved knife which she
carried, thinking that she might have
imagined it all.

  Three days later the big freighter
Cambodia, bound out from Seattle for
Yokohama, via Honolulu, picked up a
wounded, delirious castaway, alone on a
small dismasted and water-logged boat
which the experienced among her of-
ficers decided had been originally a large
square-rigged Malayan proa, or prau,
popularly known as a kapal. There was
no water and no food in the boat, noth-
ing of value, in fact, and the man in his
fevered condition could give no coherent
or intelligible account of himself.

  From his ravings they could gather
nothing definite. He babbled of angels
and devils, and of each without rhyme or
reason.

II

  Barbara LeMoyne was not alone in
her realization of Longfield’s peculi
tractiveness. To a handsome fa
122

White Treasure

graceful person were added brilliant wit
and an irreproachable manner. The de-
tails sound effeminate, but there was no
lack of strength and power about the
man. He was an up-to-date “Admirable
Crichton," who bore himself so easily,
and was so unconscious of his qualifica-
tions that this perfection did not irritate.
Women liked him better than men did.
Perhaps men would have been more
strongly drawn to him if he had not so
obviously preferred womenkind. There
was a little mystery about him, despite his
frankness, which women sensed vaguely
to the enhancement of his attractiveness.

  Longfield had come to San Francisco
with unexceptionable letters and had
been received everywhere. With all
doors open he had chosen to enter Bar-
bara LeMoyne’s more frequently than
any other. Longfield was sometimes ac-
cused of being too entirely regulated, too
conventional. Barbara LeMoyne was
different. And the opposite attracted.
Although her fine face was lacking in
some of the attributes of classic beauty,
it was none the less charming. She just
escaped the perfection in which Long-
field, who realized it all very well,
reveled. Her mind was as good as his,
but again different. She rejoiced in the
odd, the unusual. Possessed of sufficient
means to gratify her own inclinations
she had the courage to gratify them. One
of her friends, a crusty old bachelor, had
carved on the chimney breast of his
hunting lodge these words:

  "This is my house; here 1 do what I
damn please!”

  The spirit of the rude phrase was her
own. She did much as she pleased with
life. Happily a certain native American
rectitude kept her from depths others
might have sounded, and presently so-
ciety, w’hich had at first marveled and
then frowned, and next fought, came to
accept her. She became the fashion, but
without imitators. She lived her life and
society was glad to share it on her own
terms when sh<r permitted that privilege.

She was a perfect representative of the
imperfect, that is to say, the unconven-
tional. Why she chose so to be she never
explained. Mystery, in a woman, is at
first attractive although it tends to be-
come unbearable.

  Longfield’s experience with women
had been great and varied. But amid the
outward differences he had discovered a
rooted sameness. That Barbara Le-
Moyne was really different, inwardly
and spiritually different, appealed to him
—not the spiritual side, Longfield cared
little about that. And despite himself he
loved her.

  He had loved her from the moment he
came upon her in the North Woods,
neither expecting the other. She was
camping there for pleasure, seeking in
the wildness escape from convention
which, however much she disdained it,
she could not continually flout. He was
seeking—well, certainly not a woman.
The unexpected meeting added piquancy
to the situation.

  When he returned to San Francisco he
awaited her coming with an eagerness he
had never before experienced, though he
had waited for many women in different
parts of the world, and not a few had
waited for him. He had presented his
letters, had called properly, and encour-
aged by her welcome, he had become an
habitue of her domicile. He would not
have believed it possible that he could
care so much for anyone. But he could
not be sure that she returned his passion.

  As for her, she found herself wonder-
ing just how great was his appeal. Did
she care as he did? Could she care ? Did
she wish to ? She hesitated and was not
lost because of her incertitude. She de-
liberated and could come to no conclu-
sion. In some things she was the most
practical of her sex. Whence came Long-
field? From his conversation he had
been everywhere, and therefore that gave
her no clue. What was he doing in San
Francisco? For the matter of that, what
had he been doing up in the North
Cyrus Townsend Brady

123

Woods when that equally unexpected
meeting took place? Why did he linger
on, her frequent visitor?

  A less clear sighted person would have
answered that she was the polestar of
his attraction, but although she was too
much a woman not to realize his grow-
ing passion she knew it was not that
alone. At times he thought it was only
she, but he was aroused from that tem-
porary self-deception by the arrival of
Keene.

  It was weeks after he had been landed
by the Cambodia at Honolulu for hos-
pital treatment that Christopher Keene
set foot in San Francisco. He was com-
pletely recovered from his wounds, no
scar was visible. The deep cut on the
head was concealed by his hair. He had
shaved off his mustache and beard.
Some of the signs of exposure and hard-
ship which Barbara had noticed had dis-
appeared. The long weeks in the hos-
pital had cleared his complexion. There
were some things written in his face
which would never be erased, but much
of his youth had returned.

  When Longfield and Keene stood side
by side it would be difficult to secure a
greater contrast. In no way was Keene
handsome. He did not barely escape it,
like Barbara LeMoyne; he had no claim
to it whatever. His features were harsh,
he was even a little forbidding in his
ruggedness. But he was strong, clear-
eyed. firm mouthed. He was good to
look at because one could see courage
and determination and honesty in his
personality. There was no apparent
mystery about him.

  No mystery? Certainly no outward
and visible one—yet within! The man
was a prey to anxiety and disappoint-
ment so great as to be almost unbearable.
Yet such was his control that no out-
ward evidence of the inward struggle
was visible.

  Longfield possessed that genius for re-
pression also, but with a difference.
Longfield buried his secrets, whatever

they were, as a blade is sheathed in vel-
vet. Keene hid his under a granite rock.
One saw instinctively that the velvet hid
something. The granite rock only lay
where it had been cast by nature and
gave no sign of what it hid, or even
that it hid anything,

  As it happened, the secrets of both
men concerned the same thing. Though
they knew it not, they were engaged upon
the same quest. And in the pursuit of it
they were to come in contact with the
same woman. But Barbara Le Moyne
was quite unconscious of that fact.
Longfield had a great advantage, for
when she at last met Keene she sup-
posed she had never before seen him.
Yet she was vaguely conscious that he
reminded her of something or somebody.
The reminder was so faint, however,
that she presently forgot it.

 Keene was seeking a woman — a
woman he did not know, whose name he
had never heard; a woman whom he felt
sure he could not recognize even should
he find her. That she had been at one
time on the Pacific Coast; that she was
young and efficient; that she had the
whitest neck and arms; that she had
helped him—these made up the totality
of his recollection. Not much on which
to build a hope. Few facts on which to
base a search. Yet he must find her.

  He did not love her. Oh, no. But
through her, and through her alone,
could he achieve a certain design to
which he had given himself wholeheart-
edly. In the attempt to bring about that
ideal he had suffered and struggled
amazingly. He had performed the in-
credible. Through difficulties inexpres-
sible, over unknown lands, and across
trackless seas with a single comrade of
his race he had reached his goal. Step
after step of the journey had been
marked with the blood of men He had
lost his best friend on the way. And
now, failing the discovery of the woman,
or a miracle, he was halted on the verire
of success. Miracles did not happen in
124

White Treasure

Keene’s hard, adventurous career, so
that to find the woman was his only re-
course. Unwittingly she had his secret.
Whether she concealed it in scabbard or
under rock he must have it.

  For Keene had forgotten where it was
his Malays had attacked him! That
blow on the head Yiad done just that,
nothing more. Everything else was clear
to him. He could trace the whole ter-
rible journey. Every desperate en-
deavor, every infinite hazard, every ob-
stacle, natural and human, was etched
upon his brain. He knew how» when the
Russian Revolution occurred, he and
young Seymour had fled from Baku,
where he represented a great American
corporation. He recalled the idea that
had come to him as he drove his motor-
boat across the wind-lashed waters of the
Caspian. He knew how, with Seymour's
devoted backing, he had fought with the
rude miners of the Urals, matching his
cunning and wit and strength against
theirs.

  He could vividly recall the incredible
route the Germans, who had gotten wind
of his design just too late, had forced
him to take by closing to him the ordi-
nary routes. It would have been com-
paratively easy to have taken the trans-
Siberian railway to Vladivostok. But
that way was barred by the German in-
fluence. He laughed as he thought how
he had outwitted them; how he had
packed his precious cargo across the
mountains, down the sea, over the deso-
late plateau of Turkestan via the ancient
Oxus River, and into China, over the
fearful horrors of the Baraghil pass.

  He remembered how he had toiled up
the historic Indus with an ever-changing
set of bearers, spurred to terrific feats of
progress in the wild Himalayas by the
stern admonition and desperate energy of
their master. Man after man had died.
The way he had come was blazed with
corpses, but lie had kept on. And yet
by ^ach body, bleaching in the sun or
freezing amid the snow, lay a weight of

precious cargo, to bring which no price
had been too great to pay. What he had
perforce left behind had been invaluable,
but what he managed to carry on was
enough.

  From the Indus, he had crossed the
mountains by ways never before trod of
men, until he reached the head waters of
the sacred Brahmaputra. From there
on, his progress had been easier. He rec-
ollected the hot, feverish crawl along the
east shores of the Bay of Bengal, the
crossing of the Malay Peninsula, the
careful avoidance everywhere of Euro-
peans. He had escaped again and again
from the network of spies and agents of
Germany, who had been warned that he
had been held back from the trans-Siber-
ian Railway, and that he must eventually
arrive somewhere on the Indian Ocean
or the Pacific littoral. They had picked
up his trail only to lose it and him when
he embarked for that long voyage across
the Pacific, from the perils of which even
a spirit as hardy as that of Drake or Ma-
gellan might have shrunk. He had, in
default of anything else, decked over and
rebuilt a Malay kapal for the cruise—a
vessel to make a real sailor laugh, yet it
had served!

  His design was temporarily to conceal
his treasure somewhere on the shore, to
take his Malay crew down to San Fran-
cisco, ship them back to Singapore, and
then choose his own time and his own
way to dispose of it.

  On that voyage the greatest of calami-
ties had befallen him. Young Seymour,
so brave, so gallant, so faithful, had at
last succumbed to the strains and the
hardships that had almost broken down
the rugged Keene himself. Keene re-
membered how they had buried the
young man in the fog into which they
had run a few days’ sail from the Pacific
Coast. He had said what prayers he
could remember and improvise, as he
launched into the dull gray sea the body
of his faithful friend and fellow-work-
man in the great adventure, while the
         Cyrus Townsend Brady	125

Malays stood about, watchful and silent.

  The fog# had prevented him from get-
ting an observation before he made that
landing. He did not know upon what
part of the shore his keel had grated.
And then came the mutiny, the battle on
the river bank. Po-Yanpen and Wan-
Amari, taking advantage of his natural
feeling of elation at the success of the
achievement and the consequent failure
of that eternal vigilance which is not only
the price of success in high adventure,
but of life also, had struck him down.
Seymour had not been there to divide
the watch.

  He remembered everything up to the
moment in which the cupidity of the
semi-savages, who only reasoned that
what had been hidden with such care
must be valuable, had struck with sudden
desperation to secure it. After that, he
could recall only a ministering woman.
But the place of it all had gone from him
utterly. Rack his brains as he might,
nothing but her presence came to him.
A face seen dimly, unrecognizable, a
white neck, two white arms, a kissed
palm—God! It was maddening. She
mnst be found. She must tell him. She
must show him the way.

Ill

  Although Keene had not lived in San
Francisco for years he had kept up his
membership in the Scholastic Gub. Most
of the men he had knowrn in former
days were gone, but some remained, and
naturally he found there his only ac-
quaintances. He made the club his home
while he replenished his shattered fi-
nances from some early and fortunate
investments and decided upon his next
move. He considered and discarded
many plans, and he rapidly regained his
former health and energy. Finally he
decided either to charter a launch and go
up the coast examining every inlet or
river mouth in the hope that one of them
would quicken his recollection, or to go

inland, search for her camp and take his
departure from it. Certainly women
such as she would be rare aud perhaps
not so difficult of discovery. He had an
indefinable feeling that she was no rude
daughter of the wilds, but the educated,
refined product of the city. For that
reason he went about San Francisco con-
stantly on the alert, scrutin./ing every
woman with his somewhat bold and very
direct glance in the hope that happy
chance might provide him with a clue.
And of course in vain. The long arm of
coincidence did not stretch that far. He
met no one who in the least degree sug-
gested her.

  And he was in a great hurr\’r too.
Time was vit^. He could not wait. His
country’s need and his own desire for
active service, which few could render
better than he, made every hour of the
utmost importance.

  Longfield, also, was in a hurry. He
was on the point of leaving San Fran-
cisco, despite the rather halting progress
of his love alTair, because of the press-
ing nature of his business. He did not
wish to go. He had an energetic and
capable man's horror of loose ends. He
liked to finish every task, and with Bar-
bara LeMoyne still unwon that endeavor
could in no way be considered completed.
But his superiors were imperative. After
all, a little absence might be useful in
enabling him to decide upon the depth
and permanence of his feelings. His
was a hazardous profession, for all its
seeming quiet, but if he loved her after
he parted from her he would manage
somehow to come back. He had already
done good service to his cause. He would
be entitled to some consideration. His
trunks were packed; he was ready to
make his farewells to her and go when
he met Keene at the club. That meet-
ing and a cablegram he had just received
changed his plans.

  He had been properly introduced **
the Scholastic Club and had mad* f”an.v
friends. As it happened, until cable
126

White Treasure

came he had never met. or even seeu
Keene, who kept mainly to himself. Af-
ter the wire, which he carefully burned
after he had read it, Longfield went out
of his way to seek the man.

  It was not difficult to strike up an ac-
quaintance. One morning Keene missed
the check that should have come with
his order and spoke to one of the pass-
ing graybeards who had replaced
younger servants, called to the front:
“Boy, bring me the chit.”

  Longfield was sitting near, reading
and covertly w'atching. Tlie slightly un-
familiar word gave him an opening. He
rose and approached the engineer.

  "Pardon me/’ he said, "but that form
of address sounds good to me and I
take the liberty of introducing myself.
My name is Longfield—”

  Keene glanced at him quickly, was at-
tracted by the engaging frankness of the
man, and seeing no reason for withhold-
ing the information, answered:

 "My name is Keene; Christopher
Keene.”

  “And you’ve lived in the East?”

  “So many years that I’m almost a
stranger at home.”

  “My case exactly. Though I have met
so many charming people since I came
West that it is hardly fair to say I am
a stranger. I’ve lived in the East, too—”
and by the East both men knew that
New York was not meant, but the great
Oriental land of mystery and charm
across the Pacific. “It does me good to
meet some one who knows what’s out
there. Did you come across recently?”
“On the Jast T. K. K. boat,” was the
answer, which was quite true, though of
course she had only picked up Keene at
Honolulu. “And you? How long
since—”

  “I think it was about six months ago
that I left the Over-Seas Club at Hong-
Kong.7’ interrupted Longfield.

  “I know the Over-Seas well,” said
Keene in turn, and reminiscing over
common acquaintances and common ex-

periences the two men spent half a
morning together. They were ill-sorted
physically, yet perhaps because of their
very difference they got along amazing-
ly, as well as any two men, each re-
solved upon maintaining an impene-
trable reserve upon certain matters,
could get along. It is significant that
most of the advances came from Long-
field, who used every effort and every
art to ingratiate himself with the other,

  Miss LeMoyne found Longfield un-
usually agreeable about this time. There
was an air of excitement about him. a
foreshadowing of some coming triumph,
which increased her interest in him. She
began to consider him seriously. Yet
really, save in so far as making the ac-
quaintance of Keene was involved, lie
had made little real progress. For
Keene made no attempt to get at Long-
field’s secret; did not apparently know,
or. if he knew, care whether Longfield
had a secret or not. And, while he
talked freely of his own career and ad-
ventures, and exchanged all sorts of
reminiscences with his new and agree-
able friend. Keene easily avoided com-
mitting himself as to the more recent
episodes of his career, and his present
pressing affairs.

  For one thing, certain little happenings
had given Keene pause in the acquaint-
anship which had been verging on in-
timacy. One morning one of the Scho-
lastic’s attendants had committed some
venial fault of service. Longfield’s eyes
had suddenly flashed with passion. He
had half risen from his chair in ill re-
strained iury when he caught Keene’s sur-
prised glance. His face had smoothed
at once and he had passed off the dere-
liction with some pleasant, pardoning
word. . And then the conversation had
flowed on. But Keene had seen and he
could not forget. Men who lived as he
did in momentary peril are accustomed
to note even trifles. That was the be-
ginning of his suspicion of Long-
field.
Cyrus Townsend Brsdy

127

  it only needed. such a beginning to
- ikt him *itt- And farther, to dis-
guise fha» wanness with an appearance
o: open reciprocity that promised much.
He began to stadv Loagtiekl. boding him
act quite so admirable. ^Mry, he could
"ot say. There was nothing on. vs inch
w coe’d pt:t fcts inger except that sud-
d<:: out break of passion, which, to I-ong-
:<'vis credit. had been so entirely and
promptly controlled.

  Fhere was. Keene noted. i peeulrar
r.icetv of pronunciation of certain words,
an elaboration of I:p movement, which
reminded him ot soewthing or some-
body ; what or whom he coold cot de-
c*de. So he v itched, and aliho.— h -e
v:nd out nor-'- ^ his suspicions ^ ev.
Lcogfiek!, tram Keene’s point of view,

■	: rea-

On Keene’s n on ;: they '~ecan;c more
friendty than ever. That was a great
c< •'sfaciioc. indeed to Lowgfteki He
sen* or!;, a cabie^ram across the
but many wires to las superiors
—. the eastern. seaboard. promising suc-
cess :• he were g »en time and a free
hand.

  His love affairs prospered extremely.
Barbara LeMoyce had aU hat OMssensed.
Lt was foolish tor a man engaged in h;s
engrossing and very risky pursuit to en-
cumber himsetf with a woman, and love
atxai rs had been tabooed when he re-
ceived his appointment, but he was hu-
man She appealed to him as r.o other
wowsar. ever had or ccc’d- He took the
bit in his teeth at last and ottered himself
to her. A decision thus forced upon her.
she fjcttd herselt strangely reluctant to
nuke it. Why. >he couli not Je8.

  At any -ate. she asked tor ttnae. She
toM him that she was giving a dinner to
a number ot her friends and at that d;n-
uer she wouid announce the engagement
if she desired or decided to enter into it.
With that he had to be content.

  It was a large dinner party, and he
asked her if he nai?h* brin? to it a irsend.
a mew aequainr aaoe. ndeed. bet the most

congenial man be had met in San Fran-
cisco.

  “Indeed, be said, “if your decision is

as I hope and pray it may be. tou will see
a great deal more ot has. I shall re-
quire his assistance, perhaps, in case—r
‘Bring him bv all means." she an-
swered <quickfy. tuning cn this approach
to cia --mg her. and remember that you
are to say nothing tilt I give the word.
The announcement, it any. must come
from nsep

  *	I hear and obey ~ Perhaps it was the
o.d world navor ot these words which
male acc inay-oroprtate for him to fcss
her hand in a?, old world war. as he iett
her.

  The fact of the matter was that Lccg-
neid was uneas* when Keene *os out oi
his sight. And Keene fe.t scusethisg the
save way.

  "You win come, wul you act. my
friend?** Loc^seM concluded m a way
that Keene tefc was a i;nJe odd. Where
had he seer- ;hose curious ':r motion?*
'The 'Ct t?. ecr.-tir ■ tv. l_c • .greid
saaeochty. "I ratter expect that Miss Le-
Moyrte, who gives • :e -Imre?. w3I hare
an important announcement to make con-
cerning herself and me that evening ~
His wcr ? and manner er: no dfettht
as «*tbe character oS the cqwttrt aa-
nouscemer?. Keene hastened to con-
gratulate bins, retrarkmg in osocluswn:

  ' Bat I am not even a^cainted with
the young lac; Her friends—"

  “But you are my triend. is it not so’
And I very much wish it.”

  Keene consented- He thought he
would like to observe Lcrgne id in so-
ciety. and in the presence ot the Toved
woman. It wcwv give hr- a new \ e*\
acd in a mcJt~r-I*nitY oi wvs. IJce coca-
se?or>. was wisdom.

  Afterward he would dismiss LengfrM
from eoosideratior\. for he was going
ccsrth by rail ar*: scour the coast ca
horseback. Fie had gvctea the atnsjde
and longitude of the point at wlueh fee
bad been pic’vev by rhe Gil wAi. He
   '

 -V"*

128

Good-by

had made a careful study of wind, tide	Thus he had something to go on I* he

and sea He had perused the weather	could not find the woman he might vet

bureau reports for the days involved, and	find the place of his buried treasure with-

the coast survey maps of the shore,	out her.

     The second installment of this story rdll appear in the June Number of Live
Stories, on sale May 1.

m

        . GOOD-BY

                  By Edna Valentine Trnpnel!

                  rJ,JIIS is^pod-by—and yet—and yet
                  Throughout the space of all my days,
                  I shall not utterly forget

                        Your lips, your eyes, your quiet ways.

                   And never shall a summer pass.

                       Sun-shot and silvered with the moon.
                    But that the wraith of one that was
                    Shall haunt me like an olden rune.

                   The days flit by on gray moth wings;

                     Beneath them memory lies deep;

       They drift like leaves from other Springs
       Across the dream we might not keep
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org