JANUARY

1920

T. S. Stribling
Joseph Conrad
Mary Heaton Vorse
James Francis Dwyer
Jack Hines
Charles Neville Buck
w. Townend
Carl Clausen
Jane Hicks
Gertrude MacNulty Stevens

☆
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Front Ad Page 1

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Front Ad Page 2

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Front Ad Page 3

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Front Ad Page 4

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
VOL.

NO.

QIO

  I

 3

Published Monthly by The Ridgway Company

J. H. GANNON. ProtiioH	C. M. HOl MfiS. So.rct.irv mu! Trtasurrr

Spring or*| Moalougal Street*. New Yotk Ciiy; t>. Henrietta S«rcrt. Cavtm Clordcn. tnnd.ii. W. C.. I nglu'xl
VroWy SutiKijpiien. 12.GO in Wrontr Slnf!/ eopv. 20 [Intl. Forrign Pitaie. H .00 additional. Canadian Foitat'. 60 ttnh.
Copyright. .910. by The RldRwny CVwipany in the United	,,,	,W.VT u.i iaiim

Sloto andCr.at Britain. Appltcatian hr Tnuie-Mark Pen.img. KH rHUR SUUIVANT

Application fcr crilry 111 Scr tiJ-l Mnt' Mutter at the Pc't-ilTcc .it New York. N\ Y,. pending.

The •numei no risk fir mamncripts .ird illu-tratims submlttoJ. but m 111 UM all due cure »hlle the\ are In

 hr, li.mjft.

The Ridj’wuy Company, Publishers of

  J~}OUA.XCE. by printing the work of the best Lnown American and English writers, and
  f\ side by side with il the work of less known and unknowns, is giving nrw writers the best
  and quickest possible chance to be measured and recognized. It gives its readers the chance
  to be the fust to welcome the coming big tines A new writer usually has to toil his way up
  through the pages of magazines which the discriminating reader seldom sees, and general endorse-
  ment of hia work comes long after il is deserved. A good story is often underestimated becausc
  il appears in poor company. Romance wipes out both these disadvantages. Its readers—and the
  aim of	fundamentally and throughout, is to reach readers who make their judgments

  for themselves—will have the plcasr:o not only of giving recognition to good work that nescrves
  it, but of discovering new talent and. by their encouragement. helping it to develop Which is
  the bigtest possible service to contemporary fiction. In addition to that is the fun of investing
  in the future—giving one's self the chance to say, “I told you so” about the names all the world will
  soire day recognize

       Will you—the readers—tell the editor what you think of our authors? Especially the new
  ones—how do they compare with the old, and what promise have they of being great when thcv
  ore old themselves?

                           iiD

iooj.

Contents for January, 1920

 Tiger Lure A Complete Novelette . . . . T. S. Stribling	3

           Love and mystery in the A enczucla jungle.

 A The Wooing of Posie Grubb ......Jane Hick.	31

           A pan of potatoes as an instrument of destiny.

Definition Poctjl.......Ruth Lunbcrt Jona	37

 The Dream Kilters ........Mary HeaMn Vor.e	38

            The roving Irish spirit calls to a family that had stopped roving.

 Waste Places Poem......Grace Noll Crowell	57

 King Richard . , . ^ . . . . JickHine,	58

          A dog story oi the Northwest.

*• - .....

•S

  (Continued on next pa(i)
  f
(Continued from preceding page)

 The Rescue A Serial Part III.....Joseph ConriLd	68

             A stranded English yacht interferes with a plot to put a young Malay chicf back into p°wer‘

Y.The Way of a Sire with a Son	... Gertrude MacNuity Steven.	97

             The fence that the years put up between boys and their fathers.

The Miniature......

Young loves and loyalties and budding careers.

Dust Poem......

 The Tempering A Serial Part 11 .... Charles Neville Buck	117

            A man close to the rulers of the great world shapes the career of a Kentucky mountain boy.

 The Little Green Devils	James Francis Dwyer	150

             A Chinese legend mixes into an American love-affair.

 The Field Poem	. . . . . Wilton Agnew Barrett	157

 Partners A Complete Nooelelle ..... W. Townend	158

            Love and gold and two miners.

 The Leopard Poem.......Lydia M. D. O'Neil	186

The Meeting-PIace..............187

            Where writers.and readers are informally brought together.

Carl Clausen	V|l

Charlotte Becker	11

%

NEXT MONTH

        In the February numbtr will be llte first half oj a novel

THE EYE OF ZEITUN

BY TALBOT MUNDY
Long instalments of th; serials by

JOSEPH CONRAD
CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

        The first of a soldier scries called “Parisian Nights," by HARRIS DICKSON. A Poem
                  by ALFRED NOYES.

            And these short stories:

“Mud on the Hoofs”.........................................B. J. Stolpcr

“The Incident of the Pump-Room”................Agnes and Egerton Castle

“Ruby Red” ...........................................Chester L. Lyman

“The Playboy of the Back Street”...............Patrick and Terence Casey

“Gingej”...................................................Oliver Sandys

“Mrs. Barton and Samuel Trainor”.......................Marion Delcomyn

“All There Is"........................................Caroline Simmons
4

Tiger Lure

BY T. S. STRIBLING
A Complete Novelette

THE United Rubber Company has
a post at Taos, a structure in old
Spanish mission style built of
cemented shells. It was once a
mission, I believe, then a fort and now a
post. It stands naked in a furnace of
sunshine in the center of what, the 'mestizos
are pleased to call their plaza; that is a
space of ground some fifty yards wide
beaten perfectly bare and hard by
naked feet instead of beaten dusty by shod
ones. Beyond the plaza the jungle sets in
like the hair on a woman’s head, glossy,
lush and fragrant.

  On the down-river side of the post is an
arcade that used to be a cloister, but now
the natives rent little trading stalls between
the columns and this forms the village
market. An odor of stale fish, onions,
shrimp and chilli pervades the plaza, yet
somehow it is not so very disagreeable. It
is a kind of scraped-clean, dried-out smell
that one meets anywhere in Venezuela.

  Only three persons were in sight when I
piled my traps off the bolunga. A ponder-
ous Chinese in a flapping shirt concocted
chilli in one of the stalls. Near him his
brown Arawak wife stretched like a cat on
some bags of beans; the girl’s hips were
nearly vertical while her torso was twisted to
a horizontal with the svelt flexibility of
youth. The celestial understood, perhaps,
a dozen words of her Arawak. She was
part of his furniture, a little more or a little
less dear than his pipe.

  The third person in the plaza was a

half-breed called Jesu Diabolo, although
that could hardly have been his name.
The first thing one noticed about Jesu
was his one good eye, and a dirty bluish
flap over the shrunken socket of the
other. This flap he evidently meant to
accord in color with his single pale pro-
truding ball. It produced a queer effect,
that pale eye against his leather-colored
face gleaming at me from the shadow of his
sombrero. Add to this bow legs and the
wide black mustache of a ranchero and there
stands Jesu Diabolo insultingly to the life.

  When he saw my traps put out of the
bolunga, he loitered down, inspecting them
with his one eye, then he shifted it to my
khaki, evidently trying to connect me with
my baggage. He removed his sombrero
with a grace of which no misfortune de-
prives a South American.

  “Pardon, senor, do you sell traps?” he
inquired in Spanish.

  I shook my head.

  "Senor Americano is not a trapper
himself?” he asked in surprize.

  “I trap birds,” I replied in his tongue.

  “Then we are brothers, senor.” He swept
his broad hat in a bow so low that his
bluish flap hung perpendicularly from his
swart face. “I am a fur-trapper and a
trader. I compose an animal scent, setlor,
absolute kill—” these two words he said
in English with a show of pride—“and if I
could serve you-”

  I followed his smooth Spanish with
aversion. At that first sight there was

3

 Copyright, by Ike Ridsv ay Company in the United Stotts and Great Britain. All rights reserved.
something so repellent about Jesu Diabolo
that I felt a nervous impatience to be rid
of the fellow as quickly as possible.

  “If you. would direct me to the alcalde,”
I suggested, “it would be more than I can
repay.”

  Jesu Diabolo indicated the old mission
with another sweep and bow and, to my
distaste, preceded me.

  The alcalde was a small dapper man who
sat dozing at a baized table in the cool dark
interior of the mission. The place was a
hotchpotch. Near the desk in a small
cabinet was the officina correos, or that is,
the Taos post-office. Big pear-shaped balls
of caoutchouc heaped in one end of the
room was the warehouse of the rubber
company. On the desk before the mayor
were some yellow blanks which represented
the company’s office. Here and there
were a few writs and summonses which he'
used in his civil capacity. On top of this
litter, a carafe of water, a flask of spirits,
some oranges and a battered guitar gar-
nished the alcalde’s desk.

  The man himself proved a very friendly
and a very curious Uttle body. In answer
to a string of brisk questions, I told my
name and business, offered my passport
and inquired for lodgings with a family who
could speak English.

  The alcalde picked up a cigarct stub
from the edge of the table.

  “The only linguist in Taos is Senor
Monan.”

  Jesu Diabolo who had picked up the
guitar and touched its strings, now muted
them abruptly.

  “You do not fancy Senor Monan would
accept a lodger?” he commented.

  The alcalde seemed amused:

  “All Senor LeFever can do is to try, is it
not, Jesu? Senor Monan’s hacienda seems
to encourage perseverance, eh?”

  He winked at me to mark some unknown
joke, took a last puff at his cigaret, tossed
away the stub and laughed.

  “You will waste -your time, sc ft or," dis-
couraged Jesu, shifting his one good eye to
me.

  The alcalde reached for pen and paper.

  “I'll write a little note of introduction.
It may help. You present this, Senor
LeFever.”

  He blotted, folded and handed it to me.

  Jesu plainly disapproved, but he took
himself off the corner of the table, slung the

guitar cord around his neck and indicated
a willingness to direct me to Senor Monan’s.
We left the alcalde preparing a drink with
his liquor and oranges and smiling to him-
self.

  As we stepped from the gloomv interior,
the intense sunshine dazzled 'my eyes.
Heat reflected from the plaza ’filtered
through my khaki with a feeling of vermicu-
lation. It was the hour of siesta and every-
thing in the square slept. The lithe Ara-
wak woman lay motionless, face down on
the beans; her ponderous Chinese owner
sat supine amid his pots and blinked at her
through dozing eyes. On the side of the
wall a green lizard slept in an ecstacy of heat.
In this land of ascians, we trod on our
shadows, splotches of ultramarine, which
dyed our feel and legs in its color.

  Jesu lead the way, his bare soles made no
sound on the hard paths that meandered
from hut to hut in the jungle. We passed
perhaps a dozen thatched cabins. Here
and there a dog or a child slept. Of all
Taos, only we two moved.

THE half-breed talked at first, but
presently swung his guitar about and
began strumming its strings. From
simple chords he evolved a plaintive
melody that presently shaded off into the
beat and insistence of negroid music; then
he embroidered his theme with Spanish
flourish and bolero. His aria, I think,
suggested words, for he began singing
softly at first; then after a phrase or two, his
voice arose to a silver power that astonished
me. He appeared to forget that I followed.

  A fancy came to me that perhaps he was
singing so loudly and so passionately to
reach the ears of some sleeping girl in one of
the huts. The music distressed me; it was
too suggestive, loo lickerish to be sung by
one man in the presence of another. It
gave my distaste for the fellow a greasy
flavor.

  After a while the song stopped suddenly.
We had come to an open space in the rank
vegetation and now Jesu swung his guitar
out of the way and stepped aside to let me
pass.

  “Sefior Monan lives yonder,” he pointed
toward a copse of palms. “You will see
his house when you pass into the cleared
space.” He looked at me queerlv, then
added, “I hope, senor, you catch vour
bird.”

4

TIGER l .L’RE
•N

ROMANCE

  I paused, hardly knowing whether to
offer pay or not. When I made a slight
movement toward my pocket he stiffened
visibly, and I let it pass. I thanked him
briefly, ungraciously, perhaps, glad to be
rid of him. Jesu, like his song, was too
chromatic for a white man's taste.

  I moved into the open field with a re-
lieved feeling and paused to look at Senor
Monan’s house. It was a sprawling se-
quence of adobes, sun-washed, with walls
punctured here and there by narrow barred
windows. The field around about was
planted with aisles of moriche palms,
which furnish the natives with wine, bread,
rope, cloth, what not.

  As I stood observing my prospective
lodgings a queer thing happened. I heard
an insect-like drone and something tipped
my sun-helmet. I reached up to brush
away some beetle or other and discovered a
little nick in the rim of my helmet. I
removed the hat and looked at the place,
puzzled.

  I still stood with my finger in the nick
when in the distance Diabolo began singing
again. I listened and looked until his
voice faded to nothing and the vast silence
of the siesta once more comprehended
Taos. Then I walked down a wide palm
aisle toward the adobe.

  When I pulled the bronze lion’s foot in
Senor Monan’s iron-grilled door, a gong
clashed inside and lost itself in a vibrating
hum. After a period of lifelessness, came a
shuffling approach from the inside and the
clatter of bars lowered. Then a panel in
the heavy door slid back and discovered an
ancient shriveled negress with a huge key
which she applied to a corresponding sec-
tion of the grille.

   As she opened it, I drew out the alcalde’s
note to her master. To my surprize she
did not even glance at me or my letter, but
began exerting her feeble strength to re-
close the iron bars. Apparently her duty
began and ended with the opening and
shutting of the panels. I stepped inside
with a queer sense of swinging aboard a
passing train. Even then the ancient
appeared not to observe my entrance,
which brushed her dirty skirt, but contin-
ued automatically relocking the bars.

  For a moment I watched her and then
turned to my surroundings. The hall was
large, cool and poverty-stricken, with
time-stained touches here and there remi-

niscent of luxury. A portiere of faded silk
half curtained one end of the passage; a
painting in a tarnished gilt frame hung from
the wall. A rose jar with fresh roses per-
fumed the passage and suggested a woman.
Two silver-chased dueling swords crossed
above a door which I guessed led into some
ancient Salledes Amies.

   This last surmise was verified by a man
stepping out from under the weapons
holding in his hands a carbine which he
appeared to be cleaning. He was a thin
nervous man with a worn-out face in which
burned inquisitorial eyes. For a moment
he regarded me with an embarrassing
scrutiny. I held out my note a little
awkwardly, I am afraid, and began an
explanation in English. I told him I
wanted to trap birds in Taos for an ornitho-
logical institution and that I had been
directed to him as the only English-speaking
citizen in Taos.

   The senor smiled dryly, then deprecated
accepting a guest in what he called his
poverty-stricken ruins. He used English
without accent, but with that rigid gram-
matical structure noticeable among culti-
vated foreigners.

  I insisted that his thick adobe walls
would be a great boon to a man from
Northern latitudes if he could spare me a
room.

  He interrupted with a gesture. It was
not lack of rooms. He could offer me a
suite of rooms, but—he paused with some
serious objection, I believe, on his lips, but
finally turned it into a fear that I would
find time dull on my hands among his
sprawling adobes. I assured him I had
not come to Venezuela for distraction; then
our conversation drifted to birds, and finally
he asked me how I had found my way to the
hacienda. I told him a half-breed called
Jesu Diabolo had guided me.

   For some reason this seemed to allay a
faint suspicion of me that still lingered in
the back of my host’s mind. He nodded.

   “Yes, I heard Jesu Diabolo singing when
you entered my clearing, and from this
distance I thought you were he. However,
as you did not dodge back into the jungle,

I	knew I was mistaken."

   "When I did not dodge back?” I accented,
mystified.

  “When you did not dodge back,” re-
turned the don noncommitally.

  He replaced the carbine in a stand of

BY T. S. STR1BL1NG
L . , .	ROMANCE (—

arms. A barred window just above the
stand was as narrow as a loop-hole. As
he put back the firearm, I observed a
Maxim silencer affixed to the carbine’s
muzzle.

  Then a tentative and ghastly connection
played through my mind between the fact
that Jesu had some cause to dodge and the
silencer and the droning buzz that had
nicked my helmet. I looked at Senor
Monan curiously but found a difficulty in
opening the topic. A moment later he
led the way for me to make choice of what
rooms I would occupy.

II

I HAVE no object in making of
Senor Monan a mystery, although
for several days he was a mystery to
me. But no man, I take it, can remain
permanently without a confidant. Men
have been gregarious for too many millions
•of years; he has communicated his thoughts
ancfc emotions for too many epochs for any
individual in this era of grace to place a seal
upon his heart.

  During the evenings, Senor Monan and
I played at cribbage or dominoes and some-
times his daughter L'wanna sat in our
games or made lace near us at another
table. Very slowly the senor began to
unfold himself, a little bit at a time, until
within perhaps a week of evenings, I dis-
covered why he had hesitated to receive me
into his home—an extraordinary thing
amid the uniform hospitality of Venezuela.

  Senor Monan-was implicated in some sort
of political trouble in Caracas, an emeute,
an uprising,. I never understood the details.
His followers had lost, and now any day he
was expecting arrest and a long imprison-
ment or even severer punishment. I had
known that Venezuela was one of the most
unquiet of South American states, but it
seemed odd in this somnolent village to
find an insurrectionist. Before this fiasco,
it seemed, he once held a consulship to
England. Now he confined himself to
this plantation of moriche walks which
belonged to a friend in Caracas and where
he hoped to escape suspicion and elude
arrest.

  The senor explained all this with the
detachment of 4 third person, but L’wanna,
al ter the manner of weeping girls, wiped her
black eyes on the least possible corner of

her handkerchief that would serve, then
silently went on with her lace-making.

  At other times I saw L’wanna in the patio
snipping roses for her jar or trying to make
friends with the butterflies. An endless
variety of these insects floated over the
adobe into the flower plot; heliconias,
silver-wings, and half a dozen other species
I did not know. Once I saw her persuade
a brilliant blue Morphos to poise on the tip
of her finger and suck a drop of honey.

  She was but a child on the dewy side of
sixteen, and her face! Sometimes I think
Catholic mothers, when praying to the
Holy Virgin with their tiny ones asleep
beneath their hearts—I think, maybe, the
grace of Our Lady of Sorrows must be
kissed upon those dawning features. I don’t
know, but standing in my window, I have
laid down the snares and gins of my pro-
fession and tried to explain so vivid and so
pure a loveliness.

  The avi-fauna of Venezuela opened a
larger field to me than I had expected.
It contains fifty-odd species of humming-
birds alone. One day as I was constructing
some close-meshed cages to receive my
catch of these exquisite little creatures,
Senor Monan and L’wanna came into my
workshop.

  The girl watched me curiously and finally
asked me how I caught the birds. I
explained the different traps, snares, limes
and nooses. As she considered each article,
she pressed her full lips together and with a
little shudder declared that they reminded
her of the racks and thumbscrews and
pillories in the museum at Caracas and that
she would look at them no more.

  She would have left the room, but her
father reminded her that she was my
hostess and I her guest. She remained a
few moments longer, looking about my
shop with such an air of repressed horror
that it embarrassed me in mv work.
Finally she made some excuse and went out
into the patio.

  Seflor Monan was distressed over the
slight occurrence.

  “I suppose I am to blame for it,” he told
me. “When L’wanna was a tiny thing, she
wanted a bird and a cage. I explained to
her the cruelty—I mean the cruelty it would
have been for pleasure,” he corrected
tactfully,“not cruelty for scientific purposes.
I suppose she remembers it." Then he
added, “Her great grandfather on my

6

TIGER LURE
R O iVl A N C E

mother’s side was Simon Bolivar. Some-
how our family have never been able to en-
dure prisons or prisoners. ”

  With the completion of the cages I
began collecting specimens. A remarkable
trapping-ground lay before me in the jungle
around Senor Monan’s palm walks. Birds
were everywhere. They ranged from little
tyrant fly-catchers that snapped mosquitoes
along the pathside to flocks of flamingoes
moving in a red line against the green wall
of the distant jungle. Yellow cassiques and
lavender jays glinted among the palm
crests; macaws, toucans, parrakeets
screamed through the forest. Yet with this
fullness of life I was strangely unfortunate.

   I laid a course of traps extending from the
RioTigre some mile and a half back into the
jungle. Twice a day I made the round—in
the cool mornings and afternoons. After
trapping two days without a specimen, I
began to wonder seriously what was wrong
with my gins. One morning I reset them
very carefully and determined to revisit
them at noon notwithstanding the oppres-
sive heat.

SO AFTER luncheon, during siesta,

I slipped away from the sleeping
household and set out for the river.

I was almost to the water’s edge when I
•saw something brilliantly red moving slowly
through the undergrowth. I hurried for-
ward as quietly as possible, slipping through
lianas, bamboo and saw grass, when I saw
through an interstice that it was Jesu
Diabolo carrying in his hand the wings of a
scarlet ibis. He was just stepping into a
native bungo to put out into the river, but
at my call he looked about and waited.

   When he caught sight of me struggling
through the vines he lifted his sombrero.

   “I was just thinking of you, senor.”

   "You ought to be,” I declared, suddenly
understanding the disappearance of my
catch.

  “How go the birds?” he asked impu-
dently.

   “Fast enough,” I returned, looking point-
edly at the flaming wings in his hands.

  “Do you catch a great many?” His"
assurance made me angrier even- moment.

   ‘‘More than I collect!” I snapped.

  “Perhaps something robs your traps,
senor, he suggested with composure.

  1 looked at the fellow wondering how
much further he would carry his effrontery.

 “WThat price do you get for ibis wings?’

 I asked, trying to keep the temper out of
 my voice.

 He glanced negligently at the beauties
 in his hand.

 “Five pesos.”

 “To me,” I said smoothly, “they are
 worth twenty-five pesos, and a living
 scarlet ibis is worth a hundred pesos. In
 the future, my good Jesu, if you will kindly
 leave my birds in my traps, I’ll pay you
 your five pesos as a bounty or tax or black-
 mail, whatever you please to call it—but
 let my birds alone!”

 I hardly know what I expected Jesu
 Diabolo to do, but he surprized me by
 laughing immoderately until tears dripped
 down the side of his nose from his one good
 eye.

 “Ah, you American wits!” he gasped.
 “Such dry jokes! Such droll sayings! I

 have heard how amusing you were, but

 I never thought, I n-never d-dreamed-”

 He sputtered into laughter again, then
 presently sobered and continued:

 “Unfortunately, senor, it would do you
 no good to pay me blackmail or tariff or tax.

 I cut these wings from a bird which I used
 to bait a camoudie trap.” By this time he
 had become entirely sober and now looked
 at me with his habitual craft. “Suppose
 I go around with you. I might suggest
 something. A skunk or a sloth or a lynx
 may rob your traps. A tree-trap might
 stop them.”

 Now I did not want the fellow with me
 at all, but that lying amenity which society
 instills into all of us caused me to stay my
 steps for him, and we went on together.

 As we pushed our way through the
 steaming undergrowth he told me that for
 some time he had intended to call upon me.

 “It would be agreeable to you,” he
 proceeded delicately, “if I should take the
 liberty of calling?”	’ .

 “Charmed,” I agreed out of custom.

 Diabolo turned to look at me with his
 one pale eye.

 “Will you really admit me, senor?”

 “Why—y-yes,” I assented in surprize.

 “And sav nothing about it?” "- ,*"**!*
 “Why not?” I asked still — a .,c"' st£ks’ *
 “Is ft possible yo>- tlo,w«rs f;l',en ,from.a
 happiness?" cri^'f	clods of tosh earth

 one in Taos-"/lh,e 5ftlGks	?omc 1,a™

had bound to another m a rude

 “I have

BY T. S. STR I *

“The

I B LING

 and stirred the clay with it. He
tfKFfr- ^	ROMANCE - ^4

away some gnats that gathered about his
• dirty flap. “Sefior Monan iires at me
point-blank the moment I appear within
range of his mansion. He is an unsocial
fellow. Bah!’’

     The half-breed shrugged his shoulders
   with Latin carelessness.

     With a crawly feeling I recalled the
   Maxim silenccr and the little nick in my
   helmet. I wondered if on my first day in
   Taos, Jesu had led me deliberately under
   fire? I turned and stared at the man’s
   queer face with its detestable bluish flap.
   It reminded me of a rattlesnake that had
   moulted everything except an eye-scale.

     “Why is Monan so pointed in his dis-
   couragement of your society?” I inquired
   at last.

     The Diabolo shrugged again.

     “Merely because I tried to steal his
   daughter, sefior, that is all. It is a custom
   among my mother’s people, the Arawaks.
   We steal our wives. And a fine custom it
   is, sefwr, swift, dramatic, the ambush, the
   sudden rush.”

     “You—tried to steal L’wanna?” I cried
   with a slack jaw.

      “Such a voice!” exclaimed the half-breed
    impatiently. “I was not trying to steal a
    dog or a pig or a bird wing, sefior, nothing
    of value!” he defended sharply.

      “But L’wanr.a!” I cried with a sinking
   heart. “Why, man, she’s but a child!”
   “Child!” scoffed Jesu. “Madre de Dios!
   What would you call a woman—one in the
   grave? She is sixteen—” He whistled.
   “She ought to be a grandmother.”

      There was an ophidian fascination in the
    half-breed’s face as he went on.

      “I would be a good husband to the little
    pantheress, but no—this proud don—no,
    he is angry if I woo her as the Arawaks,
    and behold he will not allow me to woo her
    as Spaniards do. If I sing a song in her
    hearing, out he jumps with his rifle like a
    jack-in-the-box! As to talking through the
    bars of her window, I might as well talk to
    the stars!” He clenched his slender brown
    hands in nervous tension. “Unless—un-
    less:-”

he nSifej^w ■Up°n mC SUcl1 a pale Cvil l0°k
arrest.

The sefior explained alt .1 •* ^ ,
detachment of a third person,'but;"' Leave

,wfPingsir1,5’ w,i ' If you

\

   His voice retreated to a dry whisper even
in the silence of the sleeping jungle.

TT SUDDENLY struck me, as I
1 stared at him, that a serpent
crawling toward a dove’s nest is
moved by no immoral impulse. It acts
from a simple powerful desire without any
complication of conscience. To Jesu Dia-
bolo, obtaining L’wanna was no more a
quesLion of morals than plucking a mango.
She was difficult to reach, that was all.

   Yet queer to say his unmorality filled me
with a greater loathing than if he had
shown a comprehending contumacy. But
he was as irtnocent as a dagger.

  I don't know what—perhaps something
about the pallor of my face, my unsteady
breathing, suggested to the half-breed that
I sympathized with him in his mania. Or
perhaps Jesu Diabolo, like Senor Monan,
was a lonely man, isolated from his kind by
the ridicule of the village. At any rate,
through clay-colored lips, the Indian began
a molten outpouring in my ear.

  “Dios, one mistake, sefior, one little
mistake and a man regrets it forever. I
lie awake all night when the moon is full,
thinking of what might be if I only had her,
if only I had clung to her when I gripped
her in my arms! Oh, she could spit in my
face, stab me, bum me with fire-”

   Little dropfs of sweat stood out on Jesu’s
face and moistened the edge of his bluish
flap so that he had to shake off the gnats.
His face was gray.

   “Senor,” he went on, and the force of his
heart-beats shook his tones, “when a man
loses the greatest quarry of all, he thinks of
it forever. He thinks how he might have
saved his game, might have won. Over
and over I think just how I did it—how I
ought to have done it.

  “Every night as I lie staring into the
moon, I creep again- into Senor Monan’s
house. The sefior is gone, but she is there
in the patio cutting flowers. Oh, senor,
lifting her white arms this way and that!
I creep, creep—leap upon her! I grip her
in my a’rms, soft, writhing, a tiger’s cub
■smellingof roses!

  “Oh Madre de Dios! I am drunk! I
rush for the outside! The old negro
woman blocks my way with an ax! Then I
make my terrible mistake, I lift an arm to
parry the edge. Like a flash she is out of
my arms, gone—gone—gone—into a door

T|CL'ER lure
^- R O M A N C E

that locks when it slams, then another,
slamming, locking, slamming, locking—no
end of rooms in the cursed place!

  Sweat poured off Jesu Diabolo. He
gripped a tembuse vine and shook it in a

furv of despair, crying:

  ‘‘Fool! Fool! Fool! To lose her in an
instant! The old woman could only have
split a shoulder or a few ribs-”

  As I watched his ouLburst, never have I
felt such violent hatred for any of the
spawn of the earth. A furious impulse to
murder him seized me. I searched my
pockets with shaking fingers. I found my
pocket-knife; it was sizable. I had it out.
I fumbled open the blade.

  Suddenly Jesu, who was looking at nu
intently, gave a queer laugh. Then he
laughed more. He sat down by the tem-
buse vine and laughed loudly and sardon-
ically.

  Quite suddenly he checked his uproar and
asked—

   “What are you going to trim, sefior?”

   I made no reply.

  “That was an Arawak joke, seftor," he
explained looking at my knife. “I am-half
Arawak and half Spanish. This time I
jest like the Arawaks about a woman—the
woman sefior loves, eh?”

  He winked his good eye at me with
monstrous effect.

  I stared at him with hammering heart.

  “Did you not jest with me about stealing
these wings?” he inquired placidly. “Very
funny, very droll. Now I give you my
Arawak jest about your woman, eh?”
He stood up, shrugged, took a deep breath
and said, “Now where are the traps,
seftor?”

   His lie was so absurd, I thought before I
killed him, I would show it io him to his
teeth.

  “Why does Senor Monan fire on you at
sight, Jesu Diabolo?’’ I whipped out.

  Jesu opened his single pale eye in as-
tonishment.

  "He doss not shoot, Senor LeFever!”

  I jerked off mv sun-helmet and thrust it
into his hands.

  “How came that nick in the straw? ”1
could scarcely keep from leaping on him.

  He examined the chipped place with
passing interest, ran a finger over the raw
edge, then observed carelessly-

  “Moths, senor. Camphor and p.pper are
good.

  "That’s a bullet-hole from Sefior Monan’s
carbine, Jesu Diabolo!” I cried, growing
more angry at his flimsy tissue of lies.
“And you did attempt to kidnap L’wanna!”
“How absurd!” defended the half-breed.
“He would have the law on me in a moment.
Kidnap—why, I should be garroted!”

  “The sefior has good enough reasons for
keeping away from the law,” I replied hot-
ly, "or he would have-”

  “I know very little of Senor Monan.”
declared Jesu, “if he is criminal—is he
criminal?”

  I could have bit my tongue for giving the
information. Now I had more incentive
than ever to stab him, but for that very
reason—it is difficult to explain—because
my motives were mixed and so in a way
were selfish; because I now had two im-
pulses, one weighing against Lhe other,
my vengeance became impossible.

  I think Jesu sensed the dilemma goring
in my brain, for he whistled a phrase of his
detestable song, shrugged his shoulder
again and at last made a placating move-
ment and said in a commonplace tone—
“If the sefior will show me his snares, I
will set my traps and protect him.”

I MARVELED at the lightness with
which he came back to easy footing.
We stood in the edge of a little savanna
near a pau d’arco tree in which I had set
a number of fine cat-gut snares. The trunk
of the giant with its network of vines and
shoots formed an easy climb. I indicated
a tree, caught hold of a liana and began
working my way up through the furry
leaves.

  Odd to say the last of my snares were
unset. I reformed their loops with an
irritated thought of monkeys. Below, I
could hear Jesu carelessly jingling his traps
or breaking little twigs, awaiting my de-
scent. After a bit he hushed these slight
noises. A thought of treachery fluttered
through my brain. I maneuvered for an
opening in the leaves and peered down.

  The half-breed knelt intently studying
the choked area around the base of the
pau d’arco. As I looked he pressed apart
some vines and exlubited a few sticks, a
handful of withered flowers fallen from a
stalk above and some clods of fresh earth.
He lifted oi^e of the sticks.which some liana
tendril had bound to another in a rude
cross and stirred the clay with it. He

BY T. S. STR I BLINC
squatted, stifdying, stirring, brushing au-
tomatically at the gnats around his flap
with the ibis wings.

  By this time I was descending, not ten
feet above his head.

  “What is it?” I inquired, looking down
suspiciously.

  “Nothing, senor," he jingled his traps
again.

  I swung to the ground and reached the
spot he had been examining. With vague
distrust, I thrust my toe into the fresh
earth and upturned it. There exposed lay
the turquoise and ruby body of a peacock
heron.

  “What sort of scamp are you!” I
snapped, out of temper. “You’ve ruined
the feathers. Now it will do neither of us
any good!”

  “Senort" the half-breed deprecated my
anger.

  At that instant a tremendous black
beetle with formidable trefoil pincers scut-
tled out of the disturbed earth with a dry
rustling.

  “Ah, that explains it, senor, a coroner
beetle!” he cried. “Whatever robbed your
snares dropped this dead bird and the
beetle buried it. A pity to lose it—” he
stared at it in a deep reverie—“a great
pity—such bright feathers.”

  With a trapper’s instinct to leave no
sign, he musingly recovered the body with
earth and tossed back the withered blos-
soms and crossed sticks. He picked up
his traps again and began climbing the
pau d’arco.

  “I’ll stop this robber for you, Senor
LeFever. Tomorrow you may expect your
gins full of birds, and perhaps some minx
or monkey will be in my trap. You take
your game and I mine, eh? We work well
together.”

  I nodded and Jesu went up as nimbly as
a chinchilla. In a short time he came
down, wished me luck and took himself off
toward the river.

   For some reason I had little heart to go
further on my rounds. An unwonted
depression crept over me. Perhaps it was
a nervous reaction after my anger. At any
rate I was disgusted with myself and my
traps. Indeed, all at once, my very occu-
"■■*2ition seemed puerije and ridiculous—a
'^Jjer! What difference between me

and the half-breed? He pandered to the
vanity of women, and I to the intellectual
vanity of men. Both appeared utterly
futile. Why this endless, empty study of
birds? Did a slowly accumulating catalog
of facts lead anywhere? Indeed, did man’s
whole life and works have any significance
at all? The thought stretched out and out.

  What excuse had man for all his tremen-
dous pride? What real difference was there
between me and Jesu Diabolo and the
gaudy heron in the mold, or even the coro-
ner beetle, laying its eggs in the dead meat?
Were we not all little vital mechanisms,
evolved with prodigal purposelessness by
the steaming painted jungle around us?

  A prodigious golden note clanged against?
my ears. It filled the humid air, the end-
less aisles of the trees and the wide reach of
the sky with solemn reverberations. Slow-
ly, argently, came the sound, chime on
chime, billows of euphony! It suggested
a solemn carillon in gothic spire, a solitary
worshiper in the fevered jungle.

  The first sound turned me into a keen
ornithologist again. I followed the sound,
searching everywhere with eyes and ears.
For half a mile I stumbled, crawled and
climbed; then I saw a sight which set my
heart pounding.

  On a branch of a Brazil tree perched a
snow-white bell-bird, or as the natives call
it, the arapunga. This was the eagerly
sought object of my whole adventure. I
did not disturb the singer, but marked its
location. Then with endless labor, I re-
traced my steps to the pau d’arco, carried
all of Jesu’s traps to the Brazil tree, set
them and spread a thick lime on every
limb in my reach. After that T dragged
myself home utterly exhausted but filled
with a new professional enthusiasm.

Ill

THAT night, all night long, thoughts
of Jesu Diabolo scurried through my
brain like rats. I lay in a half sleep. At
one moment I could see him creeping upon
L’wanna while I sweated, helpless, in the
grip of a nightmare. At another time we
would stand quarreling furiously whether
she were woman or child. Then I would
twitch wide awake with the question still
in my mind.

  Was Senor Monan’s daughter a woman?

TIGER LURE
ROMANCE

After all, was she—was she? Some pro-
found interest seemed to balance on the
answer.

  At last in hope of shaking off such fan-
cies, I got UP anc* walked across the chill
tiled floor to. the window. From the patio
a smell of damp earth and flowers drifted
through the bars. Outside in a faint star-
light, two lunar moths spiraled monoton-
ously about each other, appearing and van-
ishing in the gloom of a geranium tree. For
several minutes I stood inhaling deeply,
hoping to induce sleep when a light glowed
in a window across the patio. I blinked at
it, wondering sleepily who had lighted it
when the shadow of a woman’s arm crossed
the curtain.

  It was odd how that hint of a woman
brought me wide awake, alert, in an in-
stant. Indeed, I found myself waiting
almost breathlessly for its reappearance.

  As I waited, I became sure for no reason
in the world that the light came from
L’wanna’s chamber. A dozen queries be-
seiged my heart. Was she ill or lonely or
unhappy that she arose at such an hour?
Did the languid night tease her into rest-
lessness as it did me? Or did she keep
some vigil of her faith?

  A sudden strange impulse, a sympathy—
yes, a sympathy moved me to call across
the patio and acquaint the girl with my
own wakefulness. I hardly knew what I
would say. My heart beat with queer
excitement. I drew a trembling breath and
framed her name on my lips. At that
moment the candle was snuffed out.

  A hazy purple spotch floated before my
eyes where the light had been. Then I
heard a grating door across the patio softly
open and close.

  An extraordinary impulse sent me flying
without second thought to my own bed-
room door which gave upon the court.
My hand bungled a nervous interval at the
latch. I swung the door open in silent vio-
lence and stepped outside. Some one half-
crouched in the opposite entry. I was well
across the court, my heart knocking at my
nbs when I recognized the crooked form of
the negress, Angela.

  So strong upon me was the impression
  wanna’s passing. I came near seizing
  e ancient and demanding where her mis-
  res> ad gone, when I realized Angela was
  one. t was the old crone who had opened

the grating; it was the shadow of her witn-
ered arm I had marked upon the curtain.

  The revulsion set me shivering; then,
somehow, the irony of the tiling brought
relief to m’y overwrought nerves. I laughed
sardonically, but the wrinkled creature paid
not the slightest attention to my mirth.
Then I stood smiling and at last musing on
the hag to whom 1 had poured my emo-
tion. And yet, I reflected, in her time, in
her little flash of youth, no doubt, my
grimalkin had her quota of lovers, dancing
attendance upon her, spending white nights
outside her hut, perhaps fighting for her
favor—if only they could rise now and see
this huddling rack of bones. . . .

  A morning chill sent a shiver over my
body, then I noticed a pale illumination
filled the patio. Somewhere a cock broke
into a shrill crowing. It was too late for
bed again, so with a yawn and a somewhat
ironic “good morning” to Angela, I set
out for my traps in the breaking dawn.

  When I made my way through the palm
walks and reached the edge of the river,
I was not surprized in the least to see
Jesu’s bungo lying in the reeds.

  As I stood looking at the clumsy boat, I
grew ashamed that I had contracted the
slightest partnership with L’wanna’s at-
tempted abductor. I promised myself the
next time we met I would break off all
intercourse with him. As I thought on it
my wrath grew, and I vowed if he over-
stepped the least form I would kill him out-
right. It was a queer twist of civilization
that I must wait for some petty second
offense before I could kill him for his first
inflamed attack.

  I was chewing on this formality when a
noise ahead brought me up sharply. By
way of jungle caution I stepped behind a
huge caladium and stood peering between
the leaves in an effort to locate the
disturbance.

  What I saw astounded me. Jesu Dia-
bolo tramped amid the undergrowth, bend-
ing low to search the ground and making
short casts back and forth like a hound at
fault. Apparently he was trailing some-
thing.

  For a full minute I stood quite at loss to
account for his actions when I suddenly re-
membered having moved the fellow’s traps.
No doubt he had gone to the pau d’arco,
had missed the traps and, according to his

11

BY T. S. STRIBLING
ROMANCE

nature, had leaped at the conclusion that
I had stolen them. Now he was trying to
follow my yesterday’s trail and recover his
property.	#

  His suspicions filled me with disgusted
amusement and, at the same time, offered
me an opportunity to insult the fellow and
have done with him at once. I was on the
eve of discovering myself when he paused,
drew an old brass watch from his pocket
and consulted it. He stood a moment
chewing his black mustache and calculating
the time painfully, then took himself off
toward the river.

  I was so surprized at this denouement I
did not hail him at all. Never before had
I seen an Indian carry a watch or pay the
slightest attention to the flight of time. I
could not fancy why he should give up
looking for his traps on a certain hour. If
there were a mortal unhurried by the few-
ness of minutes to the hour, that mortal
surely was Jesu Diabolo.

PRESENTLY I gave up the slight
conundrum and made my way to
the Brazil tree. All along the course I
saw signs of Jesu’s reckless search, tram-
pled undergrowth, crushed clumps, even to
the tree where I had placed his traps.

  When I observed this, I stood smiling at
how close he had come to his quest and yet
had missed it, when my ear caught a flut-
tering high up in the boughs. My limed
twigs had snared something.

  I craned my neck and moved about
under the branches trying to locate my cap-
tive. Above me the Brazil tree stretched
skyward chamber on chamber. The nearer
leaves looked dark and polished, but far
above they shaded into bluish-green masses.
At last I glimpsed the tremulous wings of
my catch. They were white wings. I
peered more closely, almost incredulously.
It was a bell-bird—no—yes. My heart
began to thump. It really was a bell-bird!

  I counted the limbs upward to my bird,
for a man can get lost in one of those huge
trees as easily as in a skyscraper, then I set
about my climb. By good fortune a Span-
ish arbor made a long reach from the
ground to the first branches and beyond
that my way was easy.

  Spanish arbor is a species of morning
glory and at this hour its pied goblets
formed a flowery mass just above the first

branches. I gripped the vine, tested it with
my weight, which set all the glories in a
stir. Then I started up, hand over hand.

  Beneath the first branch I paused a mo-
ment for breath, when I observed a con-
tinued stirring in the flowers above me.
It was near my trap. I paused, thinking
perhaps a bush-master or a sloth was in
Jesu’s trunk-trap and I had no stomach
for a nipped finger. I climbed on cautious-
ly when out of the blossoms arose a head,
a girl’s head—it was L’wanna.

  I came within a squeak of loosing all
holds and falling twenty feet to the ground.

  The girl stared at me with horror-
widened eyes; then slowly she seemed to
recognize me. She gave a wavering cry.

  “Oh senor, is it you? Is it you?” and
she fell to sobbing convulsively with her
arms thrust up awkwardly among the
flowers.

  For full ten seconds I hung dazed, star-
ing at her, listening to her sobs, the vine
making slow half-revolutions under my
weight.

  “Scnorita/” I finally gasped.

  “S-senor, won’t you p-please let me
out?” she swallowed her tears.

  “Let you out?” I echoed blankly.

  “Senor, if you only will, I never, never,
never will turn your birds loose again!”

  “What are you in?” I cried in amaze-
ment.

  “Oh, you know!” she cried with a de-
spairing face and tried to pull her arms
from the tree.

  With a shock I remembered my traps.

  “You don’t mean you’re caught!” I
cried, scrambling up on the limb.

  “Si, senor,” she quavered, pulling with
an agonized movement.

  And she was, indeed, caught in the trap.
Her arms were chafed, and contusions
ringed her wrists where the teeth bit. Oh,
it was pitiful—pitiful even for a man, but
for a woman—such a woman!

  What amazed, what terrified me was Jesu
Diabolo’s infernal cunning. The moment
he had seen the dead peacock heron with
the little cross and flowers over its grave,
he knew L’wanna had bi/ried it. From this
he guessed the girl must make the round of
my snares before I did, liberating my cap-
tives, so he had planned instantly to set his
tree-trap and catch her. That was the
secret of his beating about in the jungle

iz

TIGER LURE
R O MANCE

like a madman. He was searching for
L’wanna. That was why he had timed
my arrival with his disreputable watch,
allowing himself time to escape before my
regular appearance in order to avoid me.

  When I thought if, on the preceding day,
I had not heard the arapunga belling and
had not moved his traps to another tree

  . . if he had found her. . . .

  I moved down the limb to her, slid my
hands down her arms among the flowers
and wrenched open the steel jaws; then I
picked her up as if she had been a child.

  In my arms the girl seemed to have no
weight at all; indeed, she seemed scarcely
flesh and blood but all lightness, flowers,
and perfume and something infinitely dear.

  Her hair came unbound and fell over my
shoulder and breast in a jetty, rose-scented
torrent. She was dizzying. When I real-
ized what I was doing, I found myself ca-
ressing, comforting, kissing her lips, beg-
ging her not to think I had set traps for her.

  And with it all, something in the back of
my head, a fragment of sanity, I think,
seemed to stand off in profound surprize,
for it had discovered that Jesu Diabolo was
right in his argument after all. It was no
child clinging passionately and breathlessly
to me, pressing her lips to mine, pressing
her bursting heart to mine.

  It seemed to me all the loneliness and
craving of my whole life was concentrated
and satisfied in an instant. I believe if
heaven should have opened—but there is
no use talking over such things between
men. She said she had loved me ever since
I walked to her barred door against the
muzzle of her father’s gun. It was foolish,
drunken ecstatic talk.

  We were almost frightened at the web of
coincidences that had woven our lives to-
gether. What if a single strand had
broken? If I had not been sent from New
York to Taos: if her father had not been
exiled from Caracas; if I had not met Jesu
Diabolo and the alcade; if her father had
aimed an inch truer; even if she had not
been caught in the trap. It is amazing to
think on what frail chances men and wom-
en meet and mate and people the world.

THE broad branches of the Brazil tree
tempted L’wanna and me to stay
aloft long after her arms had recovered
from the bite of the trap. The vines made

a natural hammock where we could loll
and watch the butterflies and birds float
in and out among the foliage. Somewhere
above us a woodpecker gave a long joyful
roll. A wild sow, followed by four little
striped pigs, came grunting under our
retreat.

  It was strange that the jungle, which
only the day before had seemed a sort of
hideous gorgeous mill grinding out vital
machines, now appeared suffused with a
delirious joy of living. I think the very
plants had their loves. The vines embraced
the trees; the winds caressed the grass; the
orchid trembled for the bee. W'ith L’wan-
na in my arms, J sensed why blossoms
burst in perfume and fruited.

  I found the girl oddly intimate with the
jungle about her. Near the ground she
pointed out a sort of bane that would keep
ferrets from stealing chickens. A little
later an agouti hopped out of the vines at
the base of our Brazil tree, and she assured
me our sky-scraper must be hollow, for
these little animals only lived in hollow
trees. By way of experiment I pushed a
stick into the vines where we sat and really
found a cavity up there.

  The agouti stared up at us with black in-
quisitive eyes and, perhaps, decided we
were harmless, for it paid no further atten-
tion but nipped grass and girdled a little
sapling quite unconcerned about its audi-
ence. Presently it left off its play or labor,
stared bright-eyed into a thick bank of
ferns. After a moment it stamped its hind
foot on the ground, popped into the
Spanish vines and disappeared.

  “Something alarmed it,” smiled L'wanna.

  I glanced into the ferns, looking per-
haps for a lynx or a python and indeed
caught the glint of an eye.

  I pointed it out and we both looked in
warm carelessness, trying to decipher the
rest of the animal against the gloom, when
close beside the eye, I made out a dirty
bluish flap.

  There are no words for the fury that
swept over me. I shouted Jesu Diabolo’s
name, flung myself on the vine and to the
earth. When I touched ground, I saw him
crashing through the bushes and tangle.
I charged after him. As I rushed, I roared:

  “You hell-hound! You dog of a devil!
Set a trap for a girl.”

  Thorns stabbed me and broke off in my

BY T. S. STR1BL1NG

■ J
ROMANCE

flesh; I burst through lianas. The half-
breed was a brown shadow. It seemed he
must get away when his foot turned on an
oozy lily-pad. I was nearly eight feet be-
hind. He was struggling to get up when I
jumped headlong through a screen of air
vines. One hand caught his shirt. He tore
loose. My other grabbed a flying ankle.
He fell full length, kicking furiously.

  Somehow I pushed my head and shoul-
ders up into his threshing legs. When I
got my head past his buttock, he twisted
up and looked at me. I thought the man’s
eye would pop out. He wriggled, beat,
squirmed to keep my hand from his neck.
I crawled up over him as powerfully as if
I had eaten strychnine. When my fingers
closed about his glottis he screamed and
ended in a queer squawk. He flung out his
arms, seized two handfuls of weeds and
struck me in the face.

  Instantly a fiery blindness blanketed me.
Nettles blistered my face and flamed in my
eyes. Swords darted through my head.
For a moment I was'stunned out of action.
In that moment he slipped out of my arms.
Next instant I was up, my head in flames,
blindly chasing his sounds. I stormed
through thorns, briars, rebounded from
boles. Always Lcould hear his feet just in
front of me. Then I plunged into water
up to my waist, fell down, got up dripping
and perforce came to a stand. Then I
heard Jesu’s voice some little distance
further out, pant:

  “Senor, how absurd. I set a trap for the
sen or it a? I did not even know where it was.
You put it up the Brazil tree yourself.”
Jesu Diabolo sat his bttngo some thirty
feet from the bank quite out of danger. His
boat drifted gradually in the slow current.
“You knew she buried that heron. You

knew if you-”

  The utter futility of upbraiding such a
creature stopped me. I looked at him
through clearing eyes.

  “I am going to kill you, Jesu Diabolo,”
I said soberly.

  “Why, senor?" he asked almost politely.
“For setting that trap! For spying on
me and Miss Monan!” I shouted.

  “Senor, does not a man visit his traps
twice a day?” inquired Diabolo with a
certain righteousness of defense.

  At that moment I observed something
that looked like the knotty end of a log

drifting down the current in toward where.
I stood.

  I quietly backed out of the water to
safety among the reeds on the edge of the
river. The nose of the cayman sank si-
lently and disappeared.

  No change of expression came over Jesu’s
face, but his eyes watched the ripple where
the crocodile’s snout had disappeared as if
in meditation. With some little effort, I
tried to show no concern and pulled my
mind back to the last thing Jesu had said.

  “A man may visit his traps twice a day,
naturally,” I agreed grimly, “but not twice
in one morning:”

  For some reason my simple assertion
flung Jesu into a surprizing transport.

  “One morning I” he yelled. “One morn-
ing! Dips rnios, the senor has lived in
paradise today—one morning—it is sun-
down this moment!”

  I stared up and down the yellowing
river. It really was sundown.

  That is how I forgot the arapunga I had
limed.

IV

FDR three long minutes after my formal
request, Sefior Monan sat consuming
his cigaret in silence. At last he made a
little movement and flicked the ash.

  “I suppose you have already asked
L’wanna—the American custom, I believe.”

  I agreed, wondering how that would af-
fect his Spanish code.

  He became reflective and I anticipated
L’wanna’s youth as an objection, but he
did not mention it.

  “If you were a Venezuelan, Senor Le-
Fever,” he began again, “I would impress
it upon you that my social standing is
gone. If you were a Spaniard, I would say
that my fortune is confiscated, but as you

are an American-”

  I got to my feet. This could mean only
assent. I began to burble a confusion of
thanks and relief when Senor Monan
stopped me.

  “As you are an American, I must tell
you that I have kilted a man. I am a
murderer, Senor LeFever.”

  I paused blankly. He looked at me
searchingly.

  “Ah, that does make a difference, I see.”
  “Not in the least in my desire to marry

14

TIGER LURE
rom

your daughter,” I said, “but still—a

T looked at my host. 1 could scarcely
believe it, but still those burned-out eyes
must have seen many things.

  Senor Monan dropped his stub in the

ash-holdej-.

  “I knew you would say that if you were
perfectly frank. The Anglo-Saxon world
has a quaint indirection in moral affairs
and an admirable direction in money
matters—the exact opposite of our Latin
races. For instance, if I had made my
money by speculating in stocks and had
driven half a dozen men to suicide, you
would feel no such qualms as when I tell
you I cut a man down in the performance
of my duty—my duty, mind you.”

  “It does make a difference,” I admitted.
  Monan nodded.

  “Because moral indirection conforms to
the genius of your race. Take your Anglo-
Saxon marriage customs. Young men and
young women go about freely together dur-
ing courtship.”

  I agreed, wondering how this could bear
on the topic.

  “That is because of an assumption the
lover seeks in his sweetheart something
other than sex.”

  “Certainly we assume that.”

  “You personally?”

  “I personally, Sefior Monan 1”

  “What?”

  “A man can admire a womanly soul,” I
stated warmly.

  My host pulled down his lips slightly.
“Your adjective suggests sex to me.”
“Well, a woman’s soul,” I corrected
tartly.

  “Neuter gender?”

  “Yes—if there be such a thing.”

  “Did you ever find yourself reveling in
any man’s society on account of his soul?”
he inquired.

  It would have been easy enough for me
to have said “yes,” and for a moment I
thought “yes” the true answer, but when I
tried to lay my finger on some specific in-
stance in my own life, I could not do it. I
shifted my ground and declared that many
times I had admired a woman for her

intellect.

  Senor Monan paid no attention to this
whatever, but finished his own argument
by saying that the Spaniard accepts sex

l N C E ~

directly as the nexus between men and
women, and such being the case, the two
sexes are kept apart until marriage.

  This discussion, at such a time, nettled
me. It seemed a sort of profanation of
L’wanna.

  “That may be logical,” I agreed shortly,
“but I don’t care for argument when I
know and feel something is true.”

  Sefior Monan made a placating gesture;
there was even a look of satisfaction on his
worn face.

  “•Pardon me, Senor LeFever, for trying
you on these points. What you feel and
believe on it will be of vital interest to your
wife, and L’wanna is all I have on earth.”
He paused sadly, then said, “I hope you
will be very tender with her, Sefior Le-
Fever.”

  I jumped up and grabbed his hand.

  “Then what you have just said doesn’t
represent your heart!” I cried in great
relief.

  “Only my brain, and that doesn’t influ-
ence a man’s belief.” He paused, then
added: “A tiger caught one of my goats
last night. Angela was greatly excited
over it.”

  I was surprized at this break in the con-
versation, when it occurred to me that
there might be a symbolic connection be-
tween the tiger catching the goat and some
man marrying his daughter.

  After this our talk shifted to my ap-
proaching wedding. This would require
more servants in the house, and both Senor
Monan and I thought it best that I should
go to the village and employ them in order
that my host might not expose himself to
unnecessary publicity. Then another topic
pressed forward in our conversation—
L’wanna's dislike for my profession.

  For some time we sat talking over this
problem when Sefior Monan suggested that
instead of collecting specimens I might
write a descriptive ornithology. The idea
attracted me. Ever since boyhood I have
felt the lure of authorship; in fact I had
begun two or three abortive romances, but
it never occurred to me to write on the fa-
miliar topic of my own occupation. When
T told L’wanna of my plan, her reception of
it removed the last quibble from my mind.

  On the Sunday after our conversation our
bans of marriage were published by a padre
from Ciudad Bolivar, who made monthly

BY T . S. STRIBL1NG

if
mmmwwzmji romance

visitations to Taos. The following weeks
were the happiest of my life. Thanks to
our isolation, Senor Monan disregarded
strict Spanish convention, and nearly every
day L’wanna and I set out into the jungle
armed with camera, note-book and binocu-
lars to advance our great work.

ONE morning, just as we had started
on an expedition, a native woman met
us among the moriche palms and to my
surprize handed me a note written on a
cigaret shuck.

   I took it curiously, and a second look at
the girl showed me the Arawak wife of the
Chinese chilli-maker. I wondered what
business the celestial could have with me,
when at the bottom of the note, I saw the
signature—

JESU ERCOLE BAVENO.

   “Is this from Jesu Diabolo?” I inquired.
The woman was scrutinizing L’wanna’s
face with such intensity I was forced to
repeat my question, and she nodded.

  I looked at the shuck again and found
the text almost illegible, although the name
was signed with great flourishes.

  “What does he want?” I asked bruskly.
“He wants not to be killed, senor.”
“How came he to send you?” I pro-
ceeded with some curiosity.

   “I happened to be there, senor.”

  She shifted her polished black eyes
toward L’wanna again.

  At that moment an oven-bird broke
covert like a young zeppelin not a hundred
yards from us and went booming toward
the river.

“Come on, L’wanna!” I cried in excite-
ment. “A new species—mark him down!”
The Arawak girl hung trotting on our
rear. “Will you kill him, senor? Will you
kill him?”

   “No,” I cried impatiently, “tell him as
long as he stays in Taos I won’t touch his
knavish hide.”

   “But, senor,” argued the girl still trot-
ting, “he wishes to trap here /ilong the
river. He knows the runs here, but you
stay in the jungle all the time and perhaps
you shoot him?”

  “We can do without him over here,” I
tossed back as I hurried on.

   “But, senor,” whimpered the girl, “Jesu
?ays he will be a bad half-breed no more.

Maybe he will catch the tiger that kills
your goats?”

  I wondered how the news of the tigep’s
attack had seeped into the village. Per-
haps through old Angela. This gave me a
feeling of discomfort, and I was about to
turn on the girl and order her out of the
palm walks when L’wanna took the girl’s
part. She said we were happy and we
should not give unhappiness to others.

   At that moment I glimpsed the spatulate
bill of my oven-bird stiffly upright among
some creepers. I knew three words more
would send it booming off again. As I
manipulated my camera, I whispered
bruskly to the girl that Jesu could trap all
over the place if she would only hold her
tongue and creep off without noise. This
last she did very adroitly, for I never knew
when she left us.

  With L’wanna at my elbow, the orni-
thology grew like a weed in the Springtime.
Senor Monan suggested that I write the
book in English, that L’wanna turn it into
Spanish, while he attempted a French and
a Portuguese translation. Thus we hoped
to publish the book simultaneously in
Venezuela, Brazil and the United States,
and in three European capitals.

  To accomplish this, Senor Monan put
me in touch with several foreign publishers,
and so considerable mail accumulated for
me in Taos.

   I made a number of trips to the village
and the alcalde, who was also postmaster,
became tremendously interested in my
venture, and through this we became good
friends.

   I always found him at his baize table,
with his official blanks, his liquor, oranges
and glasses. When I entered, he would
blow out a delicate smoke ring through
the part in his mustache, put his feet down
from the table top, push glass and carafe
toward me and exclaim in a long marveling'
breath:

  “Drink, Senor LeFever! How little did
I fancy I should ever drink with a writer
of books in Taos! How lonely I was until
\you came. You may confide in me, senor;
we are brothers. I, too, am a writer of
books—poems. As yet they have never
been published, but Dona Isabella Vitellia,
who lives on the esplanade in Caracas,
has done me the honor to compare my
poems favorably with those of Mombello.”

TIGER LURE
ROMANCE C^SSfflg^S

  Then he would tell me with shining eyes
of his relations with Dona Isabella Vitellia.
1 never found out what he meant for me to
confide in him, and after a time or two I
looked upon it as rhetorical.

  He always had my mail at hand in a neat
package on his desk, and there was a cer-
tain uniform frayedness about the seal flaps
which I fancied must be caused by the
long journey from civilization to Taos.
However I learned the real reason in a very
naive fashion one afternoon when I entered
the post and found the alcalde fairly pal-
pitant with excitement.

  “Senor!" he cried out on sight of me.
“Make haste quickly, you have a great deal
of mail.”

  I hurried, but to my surprize only a
few letters lay on the desk.

  I picked up the package, puzzled, when
the alcalde made an impatient gesture—
“Why don’t you read them?”

  “I wouldn’t be impolite,” I told him.
“Take no notice of your friend. Here,
read this one!”

  He chose a flimsy envelope of French
design from Paris.

  I broke it open under the alcalde. It was
an outright acceptance of my manuscript
by Lestrade & Company.

  “Isn't that glorious?” cried the alcalde,
seizing my hand. “Senor, you can not
fancy how uneasy I was—getting some one
to print a manuscript is so difficult. I
know my own poetry, senor, the poems

Dona Isabella Vitellia praised so-”

  My face doubtless betrayed me for he
broke off, staring at me; then he clapped
my hand again in the utmost good spirit.

  “Think nothing of it,” he declared, “I
grew so impatient for my good friend Le-
Fever—I, too, am an author—I know the
pangs. You may confide in me! But
what do I mean chattering like this—”
seized his bottle—“this deserves a glorious
round. Flere’s to the fame and fortune
of the ornithology of Venezuela—widely,
widely may it circulate!”

  It was impossible to be offended. I
believe I even gave him formal permission
to open any future letters of mine that
came under his hands.

PIR an hour or so we sat drinking and
smoking and talking like schoolboys.
Only those who have disposed of a first

manuscript can sympathize with our ela-
tion. After a bit the alcalde began specu-
lating on my royalties, mentioning absurdly
large amounts. In the midst of our castle-
building, he put his glass down and caught
my arm impulsively.

  “By the way, senor, I have a capital
anecdote when you write another book
about the animals of Venezuela.”

  I begged him to believe that I was solely
an ornithologist, and my field did not ex-
tend to mammals.

  “But to a writer like you, Senor LeFever,
what is the difference, birds or beasts?
Now listen, only this afternoon, a negro
named Sammu Tenko brought a dead tiger
into Taos. He killed it with a stroke of
his club. He is a giant, senor, this Sammu
Tenko. He brought it in on his back.
You should have seen that mottled beauty
hanging over his huge dark shoulders—a
picture!”

  “What did he do with it?” I inquired.

  “He gave it to Jesu Diabolo to skin for
the glands. I believe the half-breed is
down at the river now. You might go see.”

  “Skinning it for the glands?” I repeated
curiously.

  “Yes, to make his animal scent—his lure.
The fellow is uncanny at it. He can drive
an animal mad. One sniff dispels all cau-
tion, all timorousness—why, I know a
dozen marvelous anecdotes.” The alcalde
meditated a moment. “Did I ever tell
you how a capvbara stole Senor Monan’s
watch out of his pocket one day when he
fell asleep in his moriche walks? Yes,
indeed, really! You see the senor had
accidentally touched his watch with this
animal scent and—” I began to laugh—
“Senor Monan'got his lure from Jesu, of
course.”

  “Naturally.”

 “So the senor and Jesu were once
friends,” I observed.

  “One could hardly say friends. The half-
breed trapped on the seitor’s plantation
because the capybaras gnawed the young
palms. They disagreed about—they dis-
agreed—” he paused a moment, then ob-
served irrelevantly—“your future wife is a
lovely girl, senor, such beauty, such breed-
ing. If I were a rich author now—” He
inhaled deeply of his cigaret and breathed
forth a hazy sigh, then said brightly,
“Don’t forget to see the tiger.”	a

BY T . S. STRIBLING
  I promised and bade the alcalde adios,
and as I passed through the heated plaza
I debated languidly the propriety of such
a visit. I had little desire to go near Jesu
Diabolo, but Taos held such a deadly
monotony and a jaguar was such a novelty
I decided I would go see it. At the corner
of the cloister I was about to step into the
path leading to the river when I saw a huge
jet-black negro, naked to the waist, leaning
on the Chinaman’s counter eating chilli.

  Above a wide undulating back, a thick
neck peaked off into a trivial head. The
negro sprawled about the bowl, and the
muscles of his black arms swelled and
slumped at each slight lift of the spoon to
his gross mouth. As I looked I thoroughly
regretted that I had not seen Sammu Tenko
march into Taos with the tiger on his back.

  Sin Fan the chilli-maker regarded the
voracious belly-god as intently as I. Under
his flowing shirt the Chinaman’s bulk
spread over his bean bags. His eyes
gleamed at Sammu Tenko like slits of jet
in the yellow expanse of his face.

  After a while my prolonged standing de-
manded either conversation or trade. I
cast about for a remark and observed that
the chilli-maker’s stock of beans was run-
ning low.

  “Go was fo’ long,” grunted Sin Fan.

  “Going to leave Taos?”

  I was somewhat surprized. I knew
Chinese moved about, but no one had ever
heard or seen one of them in transit. Sin
Fan and his kind simply appeared and
disappeared.

  “Yes—want chilli?”

  The flatness of the answer made a pur-
chase imperative. I leased my place at
the counter by taking a bowl.

  “Your wife's not in this morning?” I
pursued with intent to please.

  Sin Fan made a clucking in his enormous
bag of a throat, but to my astonishment
Tammu Tenko snapped his fingers like fire
crackers and bellowed with mirth. His
yawping fascinated me. What I had said
to amuse him I could not guess. I watched
him attentively until he subsided into a
wide grin. When he finished his chilli he
straightened with a yawn of comfort, patted
his belly, ran a huge fist into his pocket
with a—

  “Quanti, sriior?”

  “Nada (Nothing),” grunted Sin Fan,

deftly hooking in the dish and refilling and
replacing it before the giant.

  Sammu stared at the bowl, then at the
chilli-maker with surprize and delight cari-
catured on his uncouth face.

  “Nada?”

  “Nada."

“Nada!"	;

  Sin Fan returned no answer except a
faint and, I thought, a sarcastic gesture
toward the bowl with pudgy yellow finger.

  With a rumbled “Gracias” and the look
of a grateful dog, Tenko hunkered once
more about the heaping bowl and fell to
sucking it into his pendulous lips.

  His voracity filled me with a faint
nausea. I pushed my own chilli aside.
What a prodigious animal! I attempted
no more conversation with either of them.
The three of us differed racially from one
another until we were almost of different
species. By what epochs of culture I sur-
passed the negro! As for Sin Fan.

  I studied that inscrutable off-shoot of the
world’s oldest civilization. Was he far
down the road my own race would one day
tread? Would my great, great grandsons
sit as this fat chilli-maker, indifferentists,
ultimate pacifists, husks of dead souls
waiting for extinction?

WITH a shudder I turned from the
grotesque extremes and walked
across the fish-scented plaza toward the
river. The river front at Taos is a bare
bank piled with hides, rubber, caripe,
copra and the like. A number of stakes
extend out into the water where the fisher-
men hitch their boats during high and low
flood. The harbor is choked with reeds
and lily-pads which grow faster than the
indolent boatmen can, or do, cut them out.
Here and there these water-plants moved
sinuously as a crocodile or a manatee glided
among diem.

  For several minutes I squinted my eyes
against the sun-baked scene, hunting Jesu’s
camp. At last some hundred yards up the
river I saw a thread of smoke climbing the
sky.

  When I started for it, T meant only to
walk within eye-shot of the half-breed’s
concocting, see the tiger and return.
However, when I entered the iungle I found
it difficult to judge the distance of the
smoke through the bamboo tops.

TIGER LURE
  I blundered on until at last I pushed
aside a screen of leaves and stepped un-
expectedly into a little circular opening.
There Jesu and the Aravvak wife of the
chilli-maker lay dozing on a bamboo mat
with their arms about each other. At my
entrance neither moved, but both lifted
their eyes to me from a fathomless content.

  With much embarrassment and many
“pardons” I attempted to back out again,
but the half-breed called:

  “Stay, sefior, you have come to see the
tiger. Sit down and look. The animal
lure is boiling in the pot. You do not dis-
turb me or Pechita, eh, does he carissima?”
He pressed the girl’s lithe symmetry
with lazy amorous questioning.

  I saw the two were amid their irregular
luua de miel, their honeymoon, and some-
how, I could not repress a certain admira-
tion for a man so unashamed of his loves.

  The woman looked at me through half-
open eyes, yawned luxuriously and mur-
mured something in Arawak.

  Jesu Diabolo laughed, pulled her ear,
then turned to me with the duty of host
written large upon him. He pointed with
his free arm.

  “There is where Sammu Tenko hit the
tiger, just at the joint back of the head.
He broke its neck, sefior, but did not even
scratch its skin. What a giant he is!”

  I looked at the yellow and black glory
stretched on bamboos at the end of the
oval clearing.

  “It’s a wonderful pelt,” I admired.
“Pechita tells me that I may trap for
the tiger that disturbs Senor Monan’s
goats. Very well. I prepare this lure: he
is mine. Then I shall have another pelt
as grand as that probableviente

  I hesitated. There was no oven-bird
now to hasten my answer. I looked at the
lickerish fellow. He had become a bene-
dict in a way, and only the night before
the jaguar had renewed his depredations.
As for getting it with a rifle, one might as
well chase a flicker of sunshine and shadow.

  Jesu regarded me intently with his pale
protruding eye: he pressed the Indian girl’s
form slightly and said:

  “You can hardly object to my trapping
for it now, sefior. When men are married,
they should forgive each other their
bachelor deeds, eh?”

  A mirthless smile twisted the half-breed's

lips. I knew quite well he was thinking
of our chase through the jungle. My re-
luctance was unconcealed.

  “We do need a skilful trapper over

there-”

  “Sefior,” said Jesu disengaging his arm
and lifting himself slightly, “I understand
now that Arawaks are not Spaniards. I,
who am both, could not realize that—there
is a line. Now I understand where
Sefiorita Monan would be miserable where
Pechita is happy. The sefiorita with her
softness and her white skin out here in

the jungle-”

  The fellow’s face went that peculiar
ashen gray again. His pale eye stared at me.

  “May I say I was wrong, sefior, insane—
mad—a dog with the rabies, and—shake
your hand?”

  “Jesu,” said I, “I know that men are
mad mixtures. Today I am a supremely
happy man and I believe you are, too.
When our quarrel’s gone I see no reason
for holding a grudge. Trap where and
when you like, and I wish you luck.”

  Then Diabolo patted the girl's smooth
coffee-colored skin.

“One momenta, dulce," he whispered.
They kissed clingingly as if for a lifelong
separation, and he arose and took my hand.

  “And, sefior" he said, “you will need
servants at the hacienda for your approach-
ing marriage. If you would speak a word
for Pechita?”

  I recalled my commission to hire a girl.
Then as I looked at the girl the thought
of this lithe pantheress serving L’wanna
filled my mind like a picture. They would
be worthy the palet of an Alma Tadema.
Without more ado, I engaged Pechita as a
maid for my fiancee.

  The girl turned her polished black eyes
on me and somehow they resembled the
eyes in the tiger’s pelt that lay stretched
on the bamboo.

V

NONE of us at the hacienda, I believe,
ever quite grew accustomed to Pechi-
ta. She was a capable maid; she kept our
clothes pressed, our footgear polished, our
study bright with flowers. She even as-
sisted L’wanna in designing her wedding
gowns.

  The trouble was I had selected Pechita

BY T. S. STRIBLING
for her comeliness and that out in the
jungle where women look their worst. Now
that we had the girl inside she was sym-
metrical to a disconcerting degree. I say
disconcerting, because no ordinary man, I
take it, feels quite at ease when a Venus in
sard fits house-slippers on his_ feet or Brings
morning coffee to his bedside.

  I continually had to strangle impulses
to offer her my chair and to retrieve any
little article she dropped. It was hard to
remember she was the maid. The fact is
I never saw Pechita move about the place
but what I heard the ghost of cymbals and
castinets and thought of Salome’s dance
before Herod for the head of John the
Baptist.

  A trivial incident brought about the
girl’s discharge. One morning I entered the
dining-room and saw Pechita taking an
impression of the Monan coat of arms by
rubbing charcoal over a paper pressed upon
the design. She worked so intently I was
at her shoulder before she observed me.
Then she started, dropped the platter with
a crash and the paper fluttered to the floor.
Both of us stooped for it and our heads
bumped together in an embarrassing
fashion. I handed her the paper and asked
her what she wanted with the impression.

  She stammered and finally said that she
loved beautiful things. I was surprized
that she admired the escutcheon which was
of severe design. I mentioned this.

  ‘•The simpler the design is,” said the girl,
still embarrassed, “the more easily I can
tell what makes it beautiful.”

  I stared at the comely brown creature,
astonished at such untaught analysis. She
had stated instinctively a major canon of
esthetics in its clearest form. I was about
to follow this up with other questions when
I heard a little gasp behind me. I turned
and saw L’wanna staring at us with quite
a pale face. She dismissed the maid with
a gesture.

  “Jean,” she began in a queer tone,
paused, then went on, “what were you. say-
ing to-Pechita about beauty?”

  With a tinge of embarrassment, I saw
she had given the whole affair a personal
turn it in no way deserved, yet I found it
a little difficult to say to my fiancee that I
was not making love to her maid. How-
ever, I managed to explain it.

  L’wanna seemed to understand at once,

then, perhaps three minutes later, to my
great surprise, she began talking breath-
lessly.

  She said she had heard of Pechita’s con-
duct in the village, first living with the
Chinaman, then with Jesu Diabolo, “and
now here she is talking to you about
b-beauty. I—I don’t see how she can
h-have the b-boldness—” Here L’wanna
began sobbing.

  It nonplussed me. In the first place I
wondered what gossip had spread such
greasy village news. Then I was shocked
at the quickness with which L’wanna con-
nected Pechita’s change of husbands and
our conversation concerning beauty.

  I reexplained the whole matter very
carefully to my fiancee, and this time she
really understood my interview with Pe-
chita had been as impersonal as beauty
itself. Nevertheless that evening Pechita
was discharged, and on the whole I can not
say that I regretted it.

  During the following weeks we had sev-
eral other girls at the hacienda, but not one
suited. They were either lazy or incom-
petent or both. As our wedding day drew
near and as sewing and baking piled up on
these incompetents, I think L’wanna went
to her father and through him sent me
word to hire Pechita again. It was odd
how we avoided all reference to the girl
between ourselves.

  At the time Senor Monan delivered the
message we were alone in a goat lot where
old Angela milked. Only the night before
something had killed one of these animals,
and my host and I had gone down to look
over the scene. The senor stood leaning
against the fence where we had found some
big feline tracks. He seemed amused that
L’wanna should recall the Arawak girl.

  “The droll part to me is the objection
that L’wanna presses against Pechita’s
morals,” said I.

  “Most men are ready to condone wo-
men,” observed my host slyly.

  “What I mean is,” I explained, “the very
thing that makes Pechita a good servant is
the fact that she has lived with Sin Fan.
Otherwise she would never have developed
that silence and deftness and that sense of
beauty that now makes her invaluable.”

  This lead us into a long discussion as to
which was the more educative, virtue or
vice. Under Senor Monan’s artful sophis-

20

TIGER LURE
ROMANCE

try I saw a dozen facets of the subject and
reached no conclusion whatever. A few
days later, Pechita once more glided like a
dryad about the hacienda.

  During this period I saw nothing of Jesu
Diabolo. I almost wished for him because
pumas or ocelots or some carnivore really
were ravaging the senor’s goats. It grew
to be a sort of habit for me and the sen or
tu go down and look at the tracks left by
the marauders, and I believe in his heart
he, too, thought of Jesu Diabolo, and de-
sired the half-breed back again.

ONE waning afternoon as we returned
to the hacienda after our futile
inspection, I found L’wanna on the front
steps of the adobe waiting for me. In her
hand she held a letter sent to me by the
alcalde. It had just come up from Taos
by a native boy. In fact a very odd
correspondence had sprung up between
me and the agent for the rubber company.

  It began by a note penciled on the mar-
gin of one of my incoming letters that
showed me the postmaster had read it.
Later a quatrain of the alcalde’s verse
slipped out of a letter from my Brazilian
publisher. Then bits of village gossip
sifted into my mail as it came through the
post-office at Taos. After a while these
lengthened into regular epistles. At first
L’Wanna was angry at such liberties, but
after a bit she began to look forward to
what the alcalde had to say. In reality,
I suppose the poor fellow was very lonely
down there among the mestizos, Caribs and
Arawaks.

  This particular letter seemed to amuse
L’wanna, for she was smiling over it when
she handed it to me. It began:

Honored Senor:

  The village is all agog over your wedding,
and well may it be for never again will Taos be
honored by the hymenial celebrations of a great
litterateur:'' Your maid Pechita reports all your
magnificent preparations to Jesu, and he to me.

  Sammu Tenko came to me today so full of
chilli that positively he was filmed with grease.
Apparently our giant has replaced Pechita with
Sin Fan. Yesterday I saw Sammu pick up an
enormous pot of boiling chilli in his bare hands,
move it ten or fifteen feet for the Chinaman and
sip it on the way. When he put it down he
slapped his palms together as one doer, when one
has handled a too hot poker. I do not ask you
to believe this, friend of my soul. It is quite
impossible, but it is true.

  There was a great wailing among the mestizos
last night. Martilino, the boy who fished with a
spear, was devoured by a cayman at the wharf.
The boatmen succeeded in recovering an arm
and a foot. Dona Maria, his mother, is begging
for money to have a mass said for her son.
There is much discussion whether it will cost as
much to get an arm and a foot into heaven as a
whole boy. I believe the padre was puzzled,
but as their alcalde, I silenced them. I told them
with God a day was as a thousand years, and a
mere toe-nail as a whole boy and that the price
would be the same. I believe I am correct.

                  Your admiring friend,

            Juan Malar, Alcalde of Taos.

P. S. When you receive this letter come to me
and let us talk over life and death. J. M.

  It was near sundown when L'wanna and
I finished the alcalde’s gossipy letter.

  “Are you going to see him?” she asked.

  “I dare say I’ll drop in some time.”

  “What does he mean by ‘talk over life
and death’?”

  I pinched my sweetheart’s chin.

  “What you are to me. Dona Isabella
Vitellia is to the alcalde.”

  I said it lightly enough, but L’wanna
opened her eyes.

  “Is she a dona?” There was tragedy in
her tone.

  For several minutes we sat discussing the
unfortunate love of the alcalde for another
man’s wife. Against that tragic back-
ground our own love stood in warm belief

  Presently L’wanna declared it would be
night before we reached the jungle, and she
called Pechita to bring our tramping boots.
When the maid appeared, L’wanna retired
tc change her footgear and to bring my
flashlight and camera.

  I continued on the steps filled with vague
pleasant thoughts such as the evening
brings when I heard a guarded voice call
my name. I glanced out through the palm
walks and saw the figure of a man leaning
against a tree.

  I was not at all averse now to seeing and
speaking with Jesu Diabolo. In fact I
desired to give him some instructions.
However, I knew the half-breed was still
afraid to show himself before Senor Monan,
so I arose and walked toward the palms,
thinking I would direct him to lay traps
around the goat lot.

  As I approached, peering through the
dusk, mainly, I believe, to discover
Diabolo’s detestable eye-flap, I was sur-
prized to see the expected face melt into
that of the alcalde. A few steps nearer I

BY T. S. STRIBLING

 2 I
R OMANCE

was not only surprized, I was perplexed to
see the alcalde labored under some strong
emotion.

  “What brought you out of your hole?”
I laughed, out of Yankee habit to avoid the
emotional.

  “Ah, senor,” he caressed his mustache,
put a hand on his hip and dropped into a
romantic attitude, “what a happy man you
are—the beautiful L'wanna—what delicate
sentiftient, what poetry!”

   He cast up his eyes at the fading sky and
sighed deeply.

  By this I knew the alcalde had heard
L’wanna’s sympathy that he was in such
amorous despair. Ordinarily I would have
changed the subject, but there was some-
thing in the evening, the drift of perfume
through the air, the palms, the fading
light—I made an awkward effort to sym-
pathize in words. I even tried to fancy I
had lost L’wanna in an effort to feel with
him. I succeeded only too well. I be-
came choked instead of eloquent. We
English-speaking races have such mala-
droit emotions.

   After a bit the alcalde asked me if I had
received his note.

  “At that moment,” I assured him, “and
I meant to come and see you.”

  “I was afraid the boy had lost it or—”
my friend drew out his cigaret-case and
offered me one—“or had been robbed,” he
finished.

  “Who should rob my mail-boy in Taos?”

I questioned.

  The alcade shrugged and spread his
hands apart, one of which held a little cigar-
lighter.

  “There you are. I don’t know. It is
a mystery. Ah, senor, before you came to
Taos, how monotonous life was, nothing
but vain regrets, vain longings-”

   If the alcalde thought I would hark back
to his lament about Dona Isabella ViteUia
he was mistaken.

  “But what about the mystery?” I inter-
posed.

  “I know it is a mystery, that is all,”
repeated the postmaster. “Eight days ago
a letter was posted in my office, at night,
so I could not see the writer. Well, natur-
ally, any one would have a curiosity about
a man who chooses to come creeping around
at night with his letters. Why at night?
Why should he not bring it in the light

si	*	TIGER

of open day if his heart is clean? Ah,
Senor LeFever, no matter how evil you
think of men, you err on the side of charity.”
“Did the letter concern me in any way?”

IT WAS directed to the chief of police
in Caracas?”

  There was a certain inflexion in the
alcalde’s voice as if he questioned me
delicately concerning my relations with
that official.

  "Don’t be alarmed for me, Senor Malar,”
I smiled. “I have no quarrel whatever
with the jeje de policia in Caracas. I am
just what I seem, a bird-catcher, and
nothing more.”

  “Oh, I did not mean that at all,” pro-
tested the alcalde, “but Sefior LeFever, the
envelope was thin, very thin, indeed, and I
distinctly saw the impression of a coat of
arms on a bit of paper, and with it a letter,
in barbarous handwriting saying:

  In Taos, in the department of Rio Tigre,
there hides a man who calls himself Monan, who
is wanted for some crime. Here is his coat of
arms. I know any one who bears a coat of arms
must come from Caracas. There will be a wed-
ding in the house of this Monan on the twen-
tieth of this month. It will be easy for officers
to enter among the guests and arrest this Senor
Monan. The writer will guide the officers.

I

  The postmaster paused, then added
blandly:

  ‘ I saw that through the envelope. It
had no name—perhaps the name was folded
out of sight.”

  “Then Senor Monan’s retirement is be-
trayed!” I ejaculated blankly.

  “I don’t know,” said the alcalde. “Per-
haps the jeje de policia never received that
letter.” He inhaled a deep breath of smoke
and blew it out thoughtfully. “Our mails
are so uncertain.”

  I seized the alcalde’s hand in a glow of
relief.

  “Seilor, I appreciate your friendship
more than I can say.”

  “It is nothing,” he protested quickly;
“we intellectuals must stand together.
When I looked at that letter I thought,
shall I allow a brother author’s bridal bed
to be disturbed by the thought of a convict
for a father-in-law? Shall the hoi polloi
triumph over genius?”

  “Then there is no danger—no immediate
danger?” I said in relief.

LURE
ROMANCE

  ‘"None, unless the writer has posted some
other communication. I thought I would
mention it to you. The twentieth comes
on Thursday.”

  “Well, the cat’s out of the bag anyway,”

I worried. “We’ll have to leave here;
perhaps we’ll go—but there’s no use my

planning-”

  “You might stay here and finish your
book, Senor LeFever,” suggested the al-
calde, “and follow the senor later.”

  “Oh, I couldn’t do that. I couldn’t
leave L’wanna in uncertainty. Suppose
they should capture her father? Leave that
child among enemies without a protector?”
the thought filled me with dismay.

  “Alios Dios no!” ejaculated the alcalde,
seizing my hand and gripping it. “I was
a fool to suggest it! I understand—how
well I understand, amigo de alma (friend of
my soul).” He paused a moment and then
asked delicately, “Would you mind telling
me what the senor did?”

  “ He killed a man,” I said somberly
enough.

  The alcalde shrugged.

  “Bah, what a fuss over nothing. There
must be some political end to it.”

  “It was a political murder, I believe.”

  “I thought so. A mere man—we have
too many men at best. The fewer the men,
the greater the plenty. He took my
lapel. “Do you know what I say? I say „
the murderer is the real patriot and the
police are the real enemies of a country.”

  I suppose he meant to pay a sort of com-
pliment to my future father-in-law.

  At that moment I heard L’wanna calling
from the entrance of the estancia where she
had missed me on her return.

  The alcade squeezed my hand.

  “Adios, I did not want to disturb the
scnorita with my news. If you go, I shall
think of you.”

  He touched his small urban hat and hur-
ried away through the palms.

As L’wanna came up she glimpsed his
retreating figure and asked me who it was.

I told her and she was greatly surprized at
the alcalde’s visit. She inquired if he had
come to talk of the Dona Vitellia.

  At her innocent question a tenderness
flooded me for the girl. I should not tell
her the real reason of the alcalde’s visit.
She held the purity of a spider-lily sprung
from the bosom of a marsh. I took her in

my arms, and in my heart I vowed no
matter what befell the Monan house,
nothing should happen to her. She re-
turned my embrace and kisses ardently,
and as I felt her soft lips against mine I
knew she was thinking of the alcalde and
the Dona Vitellia.

  After a little pause, I said—

  “Now let us hurry on; we want to snap
all the photographs possible tonight.”

  “Why tonight?” she asked curiously.
“Well, we don’t know how long we’ll be
here.”

  She looked at me.

  “You are not thinking of going away,
Jean?”

  “One never knows,” I answered im-
personally. “Your father came here from
Caracas; he may decide to go back—or
somewhere else. One never knows.”

  I tried to put it casually, but she must
have caught the worried overtones in my
voice.

  “I wish he could go back to Caracas,
Jean—my poor father.”

  She said no more, and we moved silently
with our arms about each other toward
the jungle.

  By this time day had faded and given
place to a pale moonlight. A breeze arose
among the palms and set their leaves a-
clacking. For some reason, whether for
nerves or cold, I can not say, I shivered as
the shadows darkened.

  The murder to which Senor Monan con-
fessed had been till now little more than
an abstraction to me; with the alcalde’s^
warning it had crystallized into a grim'
enough reality. Now disquieting thoughts
of pursuing officers clung to my mind. I
put them away as illogical. I assured
myself the earliest moment pursuers could
arrive was two days distant, but the feeling
remained with me. Perhaps it was not so
much any actual officer that I dreaded, as
—I hardly know how to express it—a sense
of guilt sprung up within me. The very
crime itself seemed to creep along in the
moonlight behind me.

  Once or twice I even glanced back through
the hazy palms. They lay quite empty. I
repeated to myself that we were not crim-
inals. Till a month ago, I had never even
heard of the murder. If the officers were
on the trail, they would never follow me,
an ornithologist, nor this innocent girl.

BY T . S. STRIBLING
romance

  I shook my shoulders and attempted to
throw off my apprehensions; nevertheless,
for the first time since I came to Taos, I
was filled with misgivings.

BY THIS time the last glimmer of day
had faded and the moonlight had
strengthened into brilliancy. Everywhere
lay dense shadows and placid high lights.
Ahead of us the jungle arose sheer as a
wall. It loomed, a black mystery, filled
with strange noises that did not add to my
composure.

   I had heard those sounds over and over,
but tonight the bubbling of the hervi-
dores, those strange birds that moan like
the boiling of a kettle, brushed my nerves
with a sense of fear. Even familiar sounds,
as the bellowing of alligators from the dis-
tant river and the demoniacal laughter
of a loon, filled me with a queer eerieness.
Only the categorical knowledge that nothing
in the Venezuelan wilderness, not even the
jaguar or the boa, would attack man per-
suaded me to enter.

  Inside, however, the place was not so
black as it appeared. Spangles of light
and shadow lay over the ground like a
leopard’s skin. However, the impression
that something followed me persisted to
such an extent that I made some pretext
and paused in the warm dank gloom to
watch the palms and convince myself they
were indeed quite empty. We stood in our
covert five, perhaps ten minutes. The
long walks lay silent in the moonlight,
crisscrossed with shadows. The only mov-
ing thing I saw was a bat that flickered this
way and that on sudden impossible tacks.
Its evolutions reminded me of some des-
perate fugitive pursued by invisible fees.

  I still watched it when an impression
grew on me that my own pursuer, whatever
it was, had quitted the moriche walks and
was creeping up behind me through the
jungle. So strong it became. I glanced
around in the spangled light. What I saw
startled me. A specter monkey with
enormous eyes stared at me from a low
branch. The creature was harmless, but,
odd to say, my apprehension increased
rather than diminished.

  However, the incident proved that my
whole trouble was nerves. No human pur-
suer could shift so suddenly from grove to
jungle. My jumpiness was caused, no

34	TIGER

doubt, solely from Senor Monan’s danger.
So I went on, at least fortified if not calmed
by this intellectual assurance, to the Brazil
tree, where L’wanna and I did most of our
photographic work.

  As I have said the Brazil tree was
shrouded with vines, and night blossoms
filled the warm gloom with a peculiar
sweetness. L’wanna was a better climber
than I. She still retained the agility of
early girlhood. She used the vines as
ratlines and I could dimly see her slender
form climbing the perfumed tangle. I was
about to hand up the camera to her when
her foot slipped and she would have fallen
if I had not caught her.

  I was surprised at the mischance. Usu-
ally she was as sure-footed as a monkey.
Still, it was nothing. We swung up on the
broad first limb and settled ourselves to
wait for a subject worthy our lense.

  Once we were quiet the jungle noises
stood out plainly in the night. Far aloft
in our green giant came sleepy whisperings
of birds. Then a cicada that had been
frightened out of his song by our climb, be-
gan a tentative whirring. A little later a
mousing owl dropped by us like a shadow
and struck at some prey invisible to us on
the ground.

  At some distance away a firefly patrolled
the crest of a fern tree, rising and falling
among the fronds, brilliant in shadow and
pale in moonlight. Afar off the loon
laughed again, and the alligators bellowed
in Rio Tigre.

  The glooms and sheens of the mysterious
tropical night were filled with a warm green
smell, as of a gigantic hothouse. Its lan-
guid air drifted sweet or spicy or rank of
mold. Yet through the changing bouquet, I
'hought there persisted a flavor, a tang,
that I had known at another time and
place. In its stronger gusts I sniffed at it
curiously, trying to place it; then I would
forget it for other things. It was a warm, a
fleshly odor, oddly insistent. Instead of
memories, it seemed to stir emotions. As
it drifted in and out my lungs, a feeling of
langour trickled through my body as ener-
vating as too many roses or the dawn of
opium.

  As we sat I sensed some kindred emotion
in L’wanna. I reached out and touched her
arm. She was* trembling. I swung my
camera aside and drew her close.

LURE
ROMANCE

  “You are not afraid,” I whispered.

  She lifted her arms about my neck.

  “Ah no, Amidinorl” her voice trembled.
“It is the night—and the moon. See how it
streams down. Oh, it pours through me!”

  She stretched out -her arms and shud-
dered in a sort of ecstacy.

  I have thought, on that strange tropical
night, some motiving of ancient arboreal
ancestors, epochs past, revisited our brains.
That murmuring moon-shot jungle crooned
over us as some passionate mother over her
babes. I held L’wanna close, couched
among the vines, filled with a vast restful-
ness.

  As we lay, a sloth inched up the Spanish
arbor, a dull black body amid the glimmer
of the flowers. We watched it with dreamy
indifference as it crept topsy-turvy under
the bottom of a limb between us and the
moon. Presently I saw its prey, some sort
of large bird perched like a black ball.
I watched them intently, sloth and bird.
Somehow I felt a feeling of fellowship for
the sloth, as if his word were not utterly
insulated from my own. He was a citizen
of the tree, like me.

  L’wanna stirred in my arms and lifted
herself slightly.

  “That is a very strange picture,” she
whispered; “we ought to take it for our
book.”

  The thought of our ornithology came to
my mind as unimportant as the rustle of a
leaf. It was nothing whatever. I caressed
my betrothed’s soft body; kissed her lips,
but she would stir and make the picture.
She took the camera and moved to her feet.
Again her foot slipped, and she would have
fallen had I not caught her. The noise sent
the sloth swinging silently to the tree-
trunk.

  L’wanna almost wept over her awkward-
ness.

  “My slipper feels greased,” she com-
plained, and sat down and took off her
slippers.

  I told her to go in stocking feet and
readied to take the slippers.

  Wheji I touched them my fingers really
felt some sort of grease on their instep soles.
It had the same pungent, peculiar odor that
I had observed before.

  Still, even this suggested nothing to me.
In fact I thought little about it but re-
arranged my position along the limb with

the luxury of a man coming out of sleep,
when I heard my companion give a gasp.

  I looked at her curiously.

L’VVANNAstooped, peering downthrough
the gloom. When she sensed my
unspoken question, she pointed silently
downward with her free arm. I looked
with rising apprehension but saw nothing
except the moon-spangled undergrowth.
Again I thought of officers, and again a
brush of unreasonable fear went over me.
I moistened my lips and scrutinized every
tree-trunk near-by for a hidden man. Then
I became aware of a sudden silence fallen
over the jungle.

  I turned to L’wanna and barely framed
the word-

  “Where?”

  “Wait till it moves again,” she breathed.

  “It?” I repeated, staring below and try-
ing to follow her finger.

  Apparently she was pointing at a blank
patch of spangled moonlight when she
drew a little intake of breath and said—

  “There!”

  And it seemed to me that a patch, an un-
defined portion of that moonlight moved
nearer the bole of our tree. It was barely
discernible, a mere outline gliding along the
mottled ground. The outline had the
form of a huge cat.

  I felt a shock, but a moment’s reflection
told me that jaguars never stalked human
beings. Then I sat up on the limb with a
sensation of actual pleasure that I might
see this jungle tragedy. I was sharply
excited but not afraid. I even hoped that
the denouement might be within hearing, if
not within sight of our eyrie.

  As I watched my mind became oddly
attentive to details. I noted the nervous
flicker of the tip of the carnivore’s tail, the
gradual silent advance; then out of the
spangled shadows below appeared two coals
of greenish fire.

  As I looked at the lambent eyes, I sud-
denly recalled that a cat never looks away
from the game it is stalking. It would be
difficult to describe the thrill that went over
me when I realized I was not the spectator,
but the protagonist of the drama staged in
this silent jungle. I almost stopped breath-
ing as T stared down at the faint mottled
outline and the two greenish coals.

  \ dozen plans flashed through my head.

BY T. S. STRiBLING
- ROMANCE

Should I move? I felt sure any movement
would be visited by an immediate charge
from the big cat below. If we remained
motionless our fate was even more certain.
1 whispered the danger to L’wanna without
shifting my eyes.

  She made some reply, but her whisper
faded into silence, for at the faint sound
the jaguar had come sharply ahead as
noiselessly as the moving of a shadow. A
crawly feeling went over my body. At the
same time, even in the midst of our immi-
nent danger, I suddenly understood and
realized the fantastic deviltry of Jesu
Diabolo.

  He had spread his lure all about the
Brazil tree, which he knew was our photo-
graphic field. The very grease on L’wanna’s
slippers must have been animal scent, plast-
ered there by the Arawak girl at the bidding
of her lover. Then if we escaped this the
whole cstancia was to be raided by officers.
It was like walking through a phantasma-
goria. As I beat my brain for some way
out of our present trap I wondered about
other pitfalls. I glanced up the tree—but
any tree-traps set above us to stop our up-
ward flight would be masked".

  A sweat broke out on me. My fiancee
was on the outside of the limb.

  “L’wanna,” I whispered, “slip around
me; climb up the tree carefully.”

  “Let’s both make a start together,” she
planned hurriedly. “You go first.”

  “Give me the flashlight.”

  A wild scheme darted through my head.
  “Oh, look—climb, climb, climb!”

  The monster below made a sudden bound
of horrifying height. It was not ten feet
below us. I leaped for the branch above
and by good luck caught it. As I jerked
up on the limb I heard the rasp of huge
claws in bark, then a loud report and a
blinding flare in the night. L’wanna had
exploded the flashlight.

  I looked back. As soon as my eyes could
see I made out L’wanna on the first branch
staring below. The cat was gone.

  “Come on!” I shouted reaching down.
“Go higher! Quick! Get out of my
way! I can climb faster than you!”

  Such urgency in her cry sent me scramb-
ling up the trunk. I had penetrated a mass
of foliage when suddenly L’awnna screamed
my name twice, first from a bursting throat,
then muffled—strangled.

  “What is it? What’s the matter?”
My mouth was so dry I could hardly
speak. “L’wanna? L’wanna!”

  At the silence below a weakness came
over me. My legs turned to water. I
clung to the limb to keep from falling;
then climbed back down, sliding from
branch to branch and peered below.

  The first limb was empty. The whole
tree, the ground below was void, a vacant
patchwork of moonlight and shadow. Not
a trace of L’wanna or of the tiger was any-
where. Both might have melted into "the
spangled sheen.

  Then 1 knew that to save me, L'wanna
had stood on that first limb and had delib-
erately allowed the monster to reach her
while I climbed to safety.

  Standing there shaking I called her
name; I screamed it out. I don’t know how
many times. Between screams I held my
breath and listened open-mouthed. I heard
a vagrant breath of night-wand rustle
through the trees and die away in the
clammy stillness.

  After a while a physical nausea filled me.
I lay down on the limb and closed my eyes.
I don’t know how long I lay, perhaps ten
minutes, perhaps an hour. I remember I
kept twisting my head from side to side,
because a vision of L’wanna shrinking be-
fore the tiger tortured my eyes. I could
still hear her screaming my name. I grew
deathly sick, dizzy. I almost fell. I
clutched the vines with a swimming head,
but a moment later I decided I would fall
deliberately. A moment’s stunned thought,
however, told me I should climb higher, as
high as possible, and crush myself.

  The Brazil tree offered dizzy heights. I
got myself together like a man weakened
from long sickness. I lifted myself very
carefully and took the branch above me. I
went up several branches higher. Then,
when I contrasted my own shaking efforts
to reach an easy death with L’wanna’s im-
molation, a hideous contempt for myself
burned me.

  I stopped climbing. I would drop from
where I was. My fingers were loosening
when far off through the night I heard the
laughter of a loon.

  For some reason its irony brought Jesu
Diabolo to my mind. Thought of the half-
breed seemed to rouse some question in my
numb brain, some impulse toward action.

TIGER LURE
romance

I scarcely knew what. I stood clinging to
the vines trying to think.

  What could I do to Jesu Diabolo?

  After painful study my duty clarified
into a very simple thing. I felt before I
could have any right to join L’wanna, I
must first go to Jesu Diabolo's camp and
kill him. After that I might come back
to the Brazil tree and to the woman who
had called my name.

  I lowered myself like a palsied man.
The vines where L’wanna had stood were
torn and draggled.

VI

AS I stumbled through the moriche
walks, following the path to the
hacienda I heard prolonged shrieks ahead
or me. In my mental state I w;as not
surprized. I wras not even curious at the
outcry. It seemed but natural for the
whole world to be shrieking for the death of
L'wanna.

  Presently a crooked figure appeared in
the moonlight tottering toward me from the
direction of the Monan adobe. The
screams grew louder and louder, and then
between shrieks I heard a mumbling.

  “Oh Holy Mother!” Shriek. “Peccavi-
mus.” Shriek.

  “Mother of God!’'. Shriek. “Dominus
uosotros.” Shriek.

  Yet so bludgeoned was my brain that it
seemed commonplace,- usual, that old
Angela should totter toward me venting
screams of despair, Spanish and patristic
Latin.

  “Oh, Senor LeFever! Oh, my God! The
soldiers have come—for my maestro! Oh,
gentle Mary! Run, Senor LeFever! Shoot,
kill, oh-”

  I put my hand on the old wench’s shoul-
der and turned her about. I remember
repeating several times:

  “It makes no difference, Angela!
I.’wanna is dead! Go back to the casa!
L’wanna is dead! Don’t shriek so. She is
dead! Dead! Oh, merciful God, L’wanna
is dead I”

  Hysterics shook the old woman. She
wrung her claws and continued her screech-
ing as she turned back toward the adobe.
But such was the hammering in my head as
I hurried toward Taos, I forgot her before
her outcries died in distance.

  My mind was in chaos as I jogged on to
kill jesu Diabolo. The moonlight looked
reddish. As I passed a hut in the jungle a
dog deserted its home and ran yelping into
the undergrowth. Queer disconnected
flashes went through my brain. I remem-
ber thinking this hell on earth was the after-
math of Senor Monan’s murder. As I ran
past the mission the hoary age of the pile
suddenly shrunk my own life to the beat.
of a bird's wing. I saw myself as I was, a
hurrying, hating shadow of flesh that would
fade to carrion before morning.

  In one of the mission stalls burned a dim
light. As I drew near a huge man bearing
an enormous bundle moved out of the shad-
ows and turned toward the river. Behind
this giant came the ponderous baggy body
of the chilli-maker. As the two crept
slowly toward the landing, each bearing a
great weight, I overhauled and passed them.
Nobody spoke. I recalled for a second
Sin Fan’s intention to leave Taos. Now he
was going.

  Fifty yards further I smelled the damp-
ness of the river. I checked my speed and
went on more cautiously. To my right, as
I turned down the river, lay the bamboo
brake which guarded Jesu’s camp. The
trail through the brake was more distinct
now than when I had first seen it. An
inky path it lay until it lost itself in the
moon-washed bamboo. By way of caution
I glanced back before I entered. Only the
two slow enormous figures were in sight and
they were half-way toward the wharf.

  As I entered I heard a sound, a pulsing
sound. As I threaded the brake it grew and
grew until a gust of furious music beat in
my ears. It held the rhythm and timbre of
a viol or ’cello in the hands of a bacchante.
The music whirled and leaped through the
brake with impish zest. It conjured up
maenads and corybantes in some Walpurgis
night.

  The nearer I crept, the louder it grew,
and presently I heard with it the rhythm of
feet and a woman’s panting breath. Another
turn and I saw the half-breed and the Ara-
wak girl whirling about each other in a
mad fandango.

  I crouched in the shadow of a clump
and watched them. As they spun in the
full moon, I caught glimpses of their faces
in rapid sequence. Diabolo wore the
ecstatic smile of a dancer. His eye-flap

BYT. S. STRIBLING

 17
ROMANCE

beat his cheek, and there was a flame in
Pechita’s face. She held her heart up to
this brown Pan as a tigress might to its
mate. He pursued her; she eluded. Now
he caught her in his arms only for her to
wheel away. At certain rhythmic inter-
vals she flung her torso back wildly in his
arms and on the upswing spun over his
shoulder, then danced away.

  Both were without weight; they were
flickering flames of joy in the moonlight.
They were delirious at the Monan destruc-
tion, and yet somehow through it all, they
preserved a sort of innocence—children
dancing around a tortured frog—there is no
explanation for it.

  The music was Jesu’s own humming. No
viol could have been more vibrant. Where
he picked up the air or improvisation, God
knows. Perhaps the ruin he had wrought
inspired him.

  As I crouched in the bamboo a feeling
almost of peace came over me. My pain of
life would soon be over, and so would
Jesu’s frothy dance. The two of us would
no doubt rest quietly enough beside L'wan-
na, underground.

  I waited till the whirling figures were
quite near me when I stepped into the
moonlight.

  The dancers stopped so suddenly that
my eyes swung onward with their rhythm.
Pechita gave a little gasp. Jesu stared a
moment. His face was in shadow. Then
he began a bland “Buenos nochas, senor,”
when I leaped at him. The girl shrieked,
he reeled back; then we went to the ground
struggling in each other’s arms.

  The half-breed fought with the sudden
fury of a cat, beating my head with his open
palms, Latin fashion. I think his race does
not know what a fist is for, but the hard
cushions of his palms jarred fire into my
eyes and rang like a bell in my ears.

  My arms were under his and I kept
struggling to reach up around back of his
shoulders and across his throat for a reverse
Nelson. With such a leverage I could have
choked him instantly, perhaps have broken
his neck.

THE Indian knew nothing of wrestling;
his frantic beating told that. He
kicked my shins, knocked and shoved my
head. Sweat broke out over him. Then
just as my fingers clawed up around his

damp neck the Arawak girl locked her
hands under my chin and began pulling and
shrieking. It brought us to a deadlock.
I lunged forward with all my might. Two
inches more and my fingers would have
met over Diabolo's gorge. The half-breed
writhed and doubled like a worm; he butted
me in the face. Somehow he drew up his
knees and kicked with all his might into
the pit of my stomach.

  Nausea and spasms of pain shot through
me. I flung myself sidewise, gripped him
again and wrapped a leg around his. He
stretched his neck forward to avoid my
crawling fingers until his eye-flap fanned
my face.

  He screamed Pechita's name. At that
moment my fingers closed about his glottis.
With a terrible effort of the muscles under
my. grip, he wheezed out— “Knife!’’

  Instantly the woman loosened my throat.
I gulped a great breath. I heard her rush
for a weapon to stab me in the back. But
in that interim I flung my whole strength
against the breed’s gullet.

  He doubled backward, his one pale eye
protruding beyond its socket in the moon-
light. He made queer gagging noises.
His fingers fluttered over my hands as if he
were begging dumbly. I hated him because
he begged. I prayed I could kill him before
the girl stabbed. I prayed God she would
stab straight in, not cut across my back
muscles and stop the pressure that was
garrotting her lover.

  I heard steps behind me. I flung my
last ounce of fury against his throat to kill
before I went, when two big fingers pressed
into my clutching hands and opened them.
A vise grip took my shoulder and separated
me from Jesu Diabolo as if we had been
manikins. Jesu rolled over on his back
with a hard rasping breath.

  A terrible despair filled me that my mur-
der was balked when I realized Jesu Diab-
olo would live. I sprang at the prostrate
man from all-fours, but bumped head and
shoulders into Sammu Tenko’s big naked
calves which stopped me like pads of rub-
ber. I tried to switch around them. The
legs moved and blocked me and finally
with a little fillip kicked me a couple of
yards away. I gave up hope in my
strength and began begging desperately.

  “Sammu, let me to him! For God’s sake,
Sammu, don’t stop me!”

i8

1 I G Li R LURE
R O MANCE

  I charged again, imploring the black man
to let me pass, but he swung his hip around
and knocked me sprawling. I lay sobbing
and cursing and begging. I think I
screamed that Jesu had killed L’wanna—
I don’t know what I said.

  Presently I saw one hand of the negro
held Pechita by her two wrists. She still
grasped a knife but it was immobile. By
this,time the half-breed was on his knees
and began in a shocking aspirate—

  “Sammu—Sammu—dear friends,' I will
repay—my soul’s brother—Sammu—all I
have is yours—that madman—” he pointed
toward me, then choked suddenly and spat
a dark stain in the moonlight.

 To my amazement Sammu reached
his free arm under Diabolo’s waist and
straightened up, shouldering him. Jesu
caught his breath but said nothing as he
rose in air.

  I stopped my babble of curses and looked
at the negro with the trapper on his shoulder
and the girl in his hand. The ebony animal
stood a moment, then moved quite simply
out of tjie cleared space down the path.
Jesu’s legs dragged along the bamboo walls.
As they moved up I got up and followed.
Once I said shakily—

  “I—I want to kill him, Sammu.”

  But it sounded so puerile I said no more.
  After a while Jesu said—

  “Sammu, my heart’s friend, I can walk
now.”

  The negro moved along silently. Appar-
ently he did not hear. To tell the truth
my own anger and frustration were slipping
into amazement. I followed perhaps a
yard behind Pechita.

  Presently Jesu said again with a queer
quality coming into his voice—

  “Sammu, if you will put me down we can
get along faster—good Sammu.”

  The negro might have been stone deaf
as he strode on with his 'wo captives.
What he meant to do with them I had not
the slightest idea. Pechita made no sound,
but presently with a wrist movement she
tossed the knife into the bamboos. I felt
the impulse that moved her. To carry a
knife around Sammu Tenko was an ab-
surdity. Every moment my wonder grew
stronger and stronger. I was about to
question the negro myself when we passed
out of the brake. Diabolo, I think, felt
his legs quit dragging the big canes, for he

said with apprehension creeping into his
tones:

  "Sammu! What are you going to do
with us, Sammu? Where are we going?”
At the continued silence the Indian began
squirming, trying to twist off the shoulder,
but a moment later he gave a sharp grunt
and lay still, and I knew that Sammu’s
black arm had given him a warning squeeze.
I saw Jesu twist his head trying to locate
himself, but his face was toward the sky,
and he could see, perhaps, little more* than
the tree-tops on each side.

  We really turned up the river-bank, the
four of us, and in the distance I saw the
bloated form of the chilli-maker. Pechita
saw him, too, for suddenly she began swing-
ing against the black hand with all her
might. Her slight resistance did not cause
the giant even to lean forward or throw his
step out of rhythm. She doubled over his
big fist, and I saw the gleam of white teeth
as she bit. Sammu gave a little push with
his fingers. Her head bobbed back and she
began sobbing out:

  “Sammu! Sammu! Wrhat are you go-
ing to do with me? Let me go, Sammu!

Sammu, please, ple-a-s-e-”

  Then she tried to kick his legs and begged
between kicks. She stared up the river
and grew wilder. She screamed, implored
in desperate babbling haste. At lart she
pushed close to his side and whispered up:
“Sammu! Sammu! Look at me!”

  To my surprise the giant did look around.
There was a kind of grin on his pendulous
lips. Pechita peered up into his eyes.

  “Sammu!” she whispered shakily. “Let
me go, Sammu—I—I’ll be your—woman—
Sammu!”

  I don’t know why I trailed on behind the
three. God knows all thought of vengeance
was frozen from my heart by the growing
menace of Sammu’s silence. I am sure
Sin Fan had warned him neither to talk
nor to argue. One word and without
question he would have fallen victim to
Jesu’s tongue or to Pechita’s lures.

WHEN we reached the wharf the
bellying Chinaman received the
girl’s wrists in his hand, then stood
impassive. As far as I could see his wide
face looked exactly as it did when I first
saw him sitting by his pots, brooding over
his young wife.

BY T. S. STR1BLING

29
ROMANCE

  A number of leathern straps lay at his
feet. Sammu picked up three of these,
lowered Jesu, bound the half-breed’s hands
and feet and placed a gag in his mouth.
Then the negro hesitated the fraction of a
second and looked toward his master.
Sin Fan barely nodded.

  I believe at the nodding of that expres-
sionless face I would have done something
to help even Jesu Diabolo had it been in
my power. I drew long breaths and sat
staring at the actors.

  From the wharf a series of stakes led
into the river where boatmen moored their
craft as the water rose and fell. Beyond
these stakes were a sprinkling of reeds. In
the moonlight I could see the reeds move
in sinuous ripples as some manatee or croco-
dile browsed among them.

  Sammu picked up his burden and waded
gingerly to a stake that was perhaps thigh-
deep to an ordinary man. Here he bound
Diabolo in a sitting posture. Only the
half-breed’s head was exposed above the
surface. It was a queer sight. The gag
across the head was a black mark; a high
light on the bluish flap looked like a clean
round hole straight through Jesu’s skull.
The good eye stared; once I saw it bat.

  Sammu spattered the water three times
with his palm, then waded ashore with a
certain haste.

  A sick feeling came over me. I looked
away. It happened my eyes fell on Pechita.
The girl’s face was clayey even to the lips.
Sin Fan watched Jesu calmly, his oblique
eyes batting at regular intervals.

  For a full minute I stared at the China-
man and his recovered woman. Suddenly
a horrible look came into Pechita’s face; I
thought her eyes would start from her head.
I heard a splash in the river, then a bub-
bling.

  Sin Fan watched the stakes for upward
of a minute and a half with a nerveless at-
tention, then turned and waddled toward
the water, leading the girl.

  I stopped breathing, not knowing what
to expect.

  A balandra lay moored at the wharf piled
with pots and a few bags of beans. -He drew
the girl aboard and put her aiding the
beans. She might have been another bag.

  Sammu Tenko cast off the line, stepped
aboard, picked up the pole and leaned his

weight against it. The balandra moved
away from the wharf into the current.
They drifted out into the placid moonlight,
the negro poling, Sin Fan sitting motion-
less among his pots and Pechita lying limp
across the bean bags as if she were dead

  I sat staring until the boat grew indis-
tinct and finally faded into the luminous
water. I sat with even my own thirst for
death deadened.

  At last when I gained the courage I
looked around at the boat-stakes. They
were quite empty.

I DO not know how long I sat, nor could
I chronicle my thoughts if I would.
At length I heard footsteps behind me;
some one laid a hand on my shoulder and
I saw it was the alcalde.

  He told me Senor Monan and the soldiers
were inquiring for me at the mission. It
seemed the soldiers were of Senor Monan’s
political party and had come to escort their
leader into Peru. In a roundabout way the
alcalde explained that he had redirected
Jesu’s letter to a man in Caracas—a man
with whom Senor Monan had been corre-
sponding. As a result Monan’s friends had
come and Jesu had directed them to the
hacienda.	v

  L’wanna was with the party. Old An-
gela had found the men and had told them
of L’wanna’s supposed death. The whole
group then hurried to the Brazil tree and
had found the girl where she had fallen into
the hollow bole when the jaguar leaped.
Like all the cat family, the big feline had
given up its game when the first charge
failed.

  The men found L’wanna stunned from
her fall. They were guided in their search
by young capybaras on the inside creaking
their distress.

  Some two years later when L’wanna and
I were writing our “Birds of Brazil,” we
found a Chinaman and a gigantic negro
running a chilli-shop in one of the upper
Amazon towns, Teffe, I believe the place
was called. However, we were never sure
they were the men we had known in Taos.
They gave no sign of recognition when we
purchased a bowl at their stand. Opium
had reduced them to mere skeletons of their
former selves.

  No woman was with them.

30

TIGER LURE
The Wooing of Posie Grubb

BY JANE HICKS

YES, POSIE had had a hard life,
although she was still in her early
thirties. And it was a lonely life
because she made it lonely. Also,
one wondered how much of the hardness
was of her own responsibility. For she
was born flowerlike—posie-like, with the
blue eyes and exquisite skin that usually
come with dark-red hair like hers.

  The “Grubb” of her name was of her
own choosing; it carried the suggestion
that that of her life might have been, too.
Nor was she one of those much bewritten
persons who radiate the more cheer the
more trouble they have. She did not emit
cheer. She emitted the atmosphere of
the kitchen of her South Carolina mill
hotel, where she spent sixteen of her wak-
ing hours out of seventeen.

  That kitchen was dark and smoky and
disorderly because Posie had not time, she
said, “to fool with cleaning it up.” She
did not connect her disposition with her
kitchen, though it had a lot to do with it,
for Posie, despite her armor of hardness,
was sensitive. One might imagine that
could she have spent her waking hours in
a flower garden she would have been gay,
almost frivolous.

  But it was the kitchen for Mrs. Posie
Grubb! Her boarders sought her there if
they cared to run the risk it involved, for
Posie didn't have time, she said, “to fool
with being polite!" She didn’t always
cuss a feller out." but you could never
tell when she would or why. Her incon-
sistency was her only consistency. The
uncertainty of her was her attraction. Yes,

she had a certain attraction. She could be
really pleasant when she felt “right good,”
but apparently that was not often.

  One time, however, was the Summer
morning in 1918 when the labor shortage
first made itself felt at White’s mill. As
“Tek” Bullard, the mill foreman, came and
stood in the doorway leading from the
kitchen to the dining-room, Posie only
glanced up, but_saw that the man’s shaggy,
gray brows were lower over his eyes than
usual. She waited for him to speak.

  “Peeling your spuds, eh?” he asked, his
tongue pushing his chew into his cheek.

  “Seems like to me I don’t never do
nothin’ else. I says sometimes, if I was
to go to heaven—I don’t speck to go there
—but if I did and I seen a potato and I
had to peel it, I’d turn around and walk
out. What’s the matter with you, home
this time o’ day? Ain’t the mill a-run-
nin’?”

  “ ’Bout half runnin’. Got no men.” He
scratched his head, pushing his hat over his
eyes.

  “What’s the matter, ain’t got no men?
Draft ain’t take no more yet, is it?”

  “No, ’tain’t the draft. They’re over to
the West Carolina.”

  “Jim Massey’s got ’em, is he? Reckon
they’re ’fraid of a kick from them long
legs o’ his. Did you see such a stretch!
His step’s the only thing he ain’t stingy
about. How’d he get ’em? You can’t
never count on a nigger. I wisht they
would all go up north to Richmond or to
the war or somewheres. How’d he get
’em?”
rgpaaiBEgTBU ROMANCE

  “ ‘Link’ Dorsey’s tellin’ me that Massey
come down town Saturday night and of-
fered ’em more money.”

  “How come he didn’t offer Link more,
too?”

  “Did. But Link said if I’d give him
more, he’d stay. He’d ruther; been with
me a long time, and Lily here and all.”

  Lily was Link’s very black wife and
Posie Grubb’s “help.” She was putting
the breakfast dishes through a greasy, gray
water and then touching them lightly with
a soiled, gray cloth. Posie glanced quickly
and almost angrily toward Lily.

  “He’d better not be goin’ takin’ Lily
’way from me! Hard as help is to get
now! Can’t you give him what Massey’s
offered?”

  “I just stopped by the office to tell Mr.
White. He told me to go ahead and jjet
’em back. We’ve got to have men.”

  “What’s the matter with Massey, any-
how?” Posie suddenly asked, pushing her
white cap up from over her small, sharp
eyes. “Didn’t he say nothin’ ’bout it yes-
terday? Here with you all day to ’way
long in the night. You ad orter be ’shamed
o’ yourselves, playin’ poker all day Sun-
days.”

  He had no answer for this. He let his
chew drop from his cheek on to his tongue
and, turning, walked slowly through the
bare, white-plastered dining-room and
barer hallway out on to the dusty, screened
porch. For a few minutes he stood think-
ing; then opened the door and went back
through the baking sunshine to the mill.
Posie watched him through the vista of
doorways till he was out of sight, then
resumed her scraping. It meant nothing
to her that he had come to tell her.

  “Cornin’ here stoppin’ me with my
work,” she grumbled. “What’a I care
bout his men? ’Tain’t none o’ my busi-
ness. I got all I can do to fill their stom-
achs. I bet if Jim Massey comes here
takin’ my boarders ’way from me, he’ll
hear from me. How many you s’pose I’ll
lose?”

  Lily walked airily to the stove for some
hot water and reckoned she’d lose ten.

  Posie Grubb did not hesitate to fill black
stomachs as well as white, as she expressed
it. The white men ate in the dining-room,
so much per month on credit: the black
ones ate in the kitchen, so much per plate,
prepaid. Business was business. One

man's money was as good as another’s.

“All the use I got for menfolks, any-
how, is to get their money,” she often said.

  And all the use the menfolks had for her
was to have a place convenient to the mill
where they could eat and sleep. At least
that was the only way any of them had
thought of her till one Saturday evening
about six months before. It was when Jim
Massey was assistant foreman at White’s
mill, and lived at Mrs. Grubb’s.

  Every one in the camp—that is, all the
men and some of the women—walked to
town, two miles away, every Saturday
night to spend and to deposit their money.
Bullard and Massey had come back early
that night about nine o’clock. As they
came up on the porch they saw, through
the glass in the door, Mrs. Grubb sitting
at the dining-room table, her head on her
arms, her shoulders shaking. Both men
stopped. Posie Grubb crying?

  “Lord, no,” Bullard said. “ ’Tain’t in
her! Coughing!”

  As they opened the door and went in,
Posie jumped up and went into the dark
kitchen and began rattling the pans.
Massey was curious. And being curious
and also being a man open and straight-
forward, he went to satisfy his curiosity.
He strode across the hall to the dining-
room doorway.

  “Mrs. Grubb?” he called her.

  Bullard had started toward his room
door, but he joined Massey as the woman
answered.

  “What you want? I’m busy. I can’t
come there. You got no business back
here, anyhow, this time o’ night,” mumb-
ling on.

  Massey’s large, wide open blue eyes
turned to Bullard, whose small, shrewd
ones seemed to be listening to the unusual,
thick quality of the woman’s voice. Bul-
lard nodded. It was tears.

  “Mrs. Grubb,” Massey called, parting
his long, brown mustache, “are you sick?
If you are, I’ll go back to town to get
you some medicine.”

  “No, I ain’t sick!”

  She came to the kitchen door. Her
glorious mass of dark-red hair was uncov-
ered and tumbled. Her cheeks had an
unusual, slight flush, and her blue service
dress with its sleeves rolled up was be-
coming.

“No, I ain’t sick,” she said, “and I don’t

THE WOOING OF POSIE GRUBB
—- ROMANCE

want no pityin’. But I’m mad! Pm mad
with everybody round here. All go runnin’
off to town—don’t nobody ever ask me
to go. Lord knows I don’t want ’em to.
And these women round here! Don’t none
of ’em speak to me and I don’t want ’em
to. I ain’t never spoke to none o’ them.
Give ’em no chanct to pass me by. I got
no time to be foolin’ round with them if
I was to speak to ’em. I ain’t poison!
I’m just as good as them, every darned
one of ’em.

  “ ’Tain’t no disgrace to keep no hotel,
white or black, and if they think I ain’t
as good as them cause I’m divorced, I’d
like to know what one o’ them would ’a’
lived with Timothy Grubb, drinkin’ up
every cent I made and him, too. Work
myself to death in this old hole to make a
little to put by and he’d take it and drink
it all up and come back for more. ’Tain’t
no fit place to live, nohow. State that’s
got laws that holds a woman to a man
like that.

  “I’d a-stayed in Reno cookin’ for them
rich fellers if it hadn’t a-been I wanted
to be near my sister and her two children,
even if she don’t never come near me. If
I do have to work like a man hoeing po-
tatoes and beans and doin’ what these
worthless niggers won’t do, I got more
respect for myself than if—I don’t know
what I would do if I couldn’t take care o’
myself.

  “My sister says I’m hard. Yes, I’m
hard! I know I’m hard! I got to be
hard! Anybody’s got to be hard when
they got to fight the whole world to get
along. I fight the men to keep ’em from
cheatin’ me; I fight the women ’cause I
hate ’em. I don’t want nobody to be kind
to me. If they was I couldn’t fight ’em.
I wanta fight ’em! I like to fight ’em. I
don’t wanta do nobody no harm no more’n
they do me, but they ain’t nobody in the
world that's doin’ nothin’ for me, and I
don’t want ’em to. What I get, I’ll leave
to my two nieces. They ain’t struck me
yet.”

  She turned abruptly back into the dark
kitchen and went outside to the woodpile.
The men looked at each other seriously
for a minute, then turned and went to their
rooms. Massey’s high, heavy wood’s boots
made less noise than usual going up the
steps; almost softly Bullard closed his
door. Each man lighted a fire in his little

BY JAN

trash burner and sat down by it to think.

  They had seen something new. They
had seen I’osie Grubb. They had seen her
as a human being with feelings, not like
iron, but like flesh—flesh that shrank from
hurts and stabs, flesh that quivered and
bled at cruellies, flesh that grew callous in
self-protection. Yes, she was hard, but
she hadn’t hardened all the way to the
aching, sobbing heart of her; she had
hardened outside, but not so that human
beings with their sharpness and their
cruelties couldn’t hurt her.

  And because she was hurt and bleeding
and raw she had let the steely surface of
her break and show her humanity to these
two rough men just because they happened
to come near her at that minute. Had
they been tough instead of only rough
they would have laughed and forgotten.
But pity was aroused in them because,
like the stately pines with which they
worked, their roughness was only of the
outside, and their hearts were strong and
true, though with a difference in their
grain.

  Bullard, in his shrewdness and even
against his will, followed his pity with a
wonder if she could have had a reason for
her outburst, having planned it and exe-
cuted it well. And then came a little ad-
miration of the fiber of a woman who
would grit her teeth and go on hoeing her
row when it was as hard and stony as Posie
Grubb’s. And mixed with the pity and
the admiration was a subtle enjoyment of
Tim Grubb’s “soft game.” And then be-
cause, like all things that grow, some feel-
ings are the issue of many elements, Tek
Bullard suddenly found himself wanting
Posie Grubb.

  And up in his room over his trash
burner, Tom Massey, with his good heart
and less intricate grain than Bullard’s, was
facing the fact that he felt sorry for this
woman an4 wanted to fight for her, damn
it, and make the rest a little easier for
her—make her feel that ignorant little chil-
dren were not the only ones whose hands
were not turned against her and whose
faces were not turned from her.

  And be it said that not till later did he
think of the expense of a wife. For Mas-
sey was not extravagant.

  So, from that Winter night, Massey and
his friend, Tek Bullard, had been uncon-
scious rivals for Posie Grubb. The desire

HICKS	'	33
romance	gSMfeg—

for her was not keen enough in either of
them to drive him to court her or even to
be any different toward her outwardly;
but both of thfcm were on the balance,
ready to respond to the weight of a pro-
pitious happening or a responsive mood
in Mrs. Grubb. A tender mood in her,
however, seemed to be the remotest possi-
bility, for since her “damned softness in
front of them men,” as she called it to her-
self, she had been harder and ruder than
ever to them.

  She felt sure that they had laughed but
not forgotten and that she had only
brought another hurt on herself. It would
have taken a very brave man indeed, im-
pelled by an irresistible and fiery force,
to ask Posie Grubb to stop hoeing and
scraping potatoes for the mill force and to
hoe and scrape them for him alone. So,
it seemed that each man waited rather un-
concernedly for the propitious happening,
if anything ever was to disturb his ro-
mantic balance. And they waited for six
months or more, when the labor situation
became serious.

WHEN Tek Bullard walked back to
the mill that Monday morning after
he had gone to tell Mrs. Grubb that he had
no crew, he immediately found Link Dorsey
and increased his wages to twenty-five
cents a day more than Massey had offered
him, remarking in an offhand way that
that was what he was going to do for every
man working for him. Then he waited!
And sure enough, in just a few days, he
had all his old crew back and happy.

  He chuckled when he heard that the
West Carolina would probably have to
shut down on account of labor. In a week
or so, however, the chuckling was on the
other side, for Massey had the men again.
And thus it went, battledore and shuttle-
cock. But though the two foremen played
their poker in Bullard’s room every Sun-
day, neither mentioned the labor subject
for several weeks. Then on Sunday, the
minute Massey strode on to the porch
where Bullard was waiting for him, Bul-
lard rose; led the way to his room and had
no sooner closed the door than he opened
his subject.

  “Look here, Massey, we’ve got to come
to some understanding about this nigger
question.”

  Massey’s large eyes stretched in surprize.

   “Well, it’s been fair, ain't it?”

  “Sure, it’s been fair, but you’ve got to
think about more’n that. Where’ll it end?
These niggers know what’s up and they're
working it for all it's worth.”

  ‘•Sure, they’re working it!”

  “But tain’t right. We can’t, neither one
o’ our mills, afford to pay labor ten dol-
lars a day, but they’ll push us to that,”
Bullard argued. “We’ll have to shut down
or else run at a loss.”

  “My orders are to get ’em, no matter,”
Massey drawled.

  Bullard thought for a minute; his small
eyes squinted till the lashes touched.

  “Tell you what,” he said. “We’ll play
for the last shot. Which one wins can
make these men we’ve got the last offer.
The loser will have to go out o’ town for
more.”

  “It's a go. Settle it when you say,”
Massey agreed, striking the table with the
palm of his hand and lifting a chair lightly
to place.

  He swung one leg over the back of it,
pulled his hat over his eyes and picked up
the deck as Bullard came slowly and de-
liberately to his place opposite.

  That night, as Massey strode home in
the moonlight past the fields of cotton and
tobacco, he felt triumphant. Bullard and
not he had to go labor-hunting. He felt
so good that he even grew slightly senti-
mental when he passed a couple of dusky
lovers on the road. Posie had looked
pretty line that day in a white dress and
she had smiled at him a new way. He
didn’t know exactly what her smile had
meant, but it showed that she felt good,
for Posie usually fussed at meal-time,
either at her boarders in the dining-room
or those in the kitchen or at Lily.

  He turned and looked back at the white
hotel standing out in the moonlight against
the black swamp. He believed, yes, he be-
lieved he'd ask Posie to marry him the
next time he saw her. He had always
heard that two could live cheaper than
one. She could mend his clothes and save
him the price of new ones. She was used
to economy. He could think of no reason
for crushing his desire for her. They were
too old to court like those kids he’d just
passed, but he believed he’d get her.

  In his simplicity and his good humor, it
did not occur to him that Posie’s smile
had been the outward expression of a re-

THE WOOING OF POSIE GRUBB
ROMANCE -

vengeful joy because he had had no men
the week Ijefore and Bullard had, with the
consequence that she had had her full
quota of boarders.

  As Massey passed the negro church he
stopped among the young bucks who al-
ways stood in a large semicircle, like a
paling fence, about the front door. He
saw several mill-hands whom he had not
seen Saturday night.

  “My last chance,” he thought. “I’d
better clean ’em up.”

  He made his offer. It was enticing.
That West Carolina mill must be a fine
place to work. As Massey started on, out
from the shadows on the dark side of the
church slouched a man. It was Link
Dorsey.

  “Say, Cap’n, what’s you payin’ now?”
  Massey told him.

  “And besides,” he ended, “if you work
every day in the week, you’ll get an extra
dollar free on Saturday night. A bonus,
it’s called.”

  Link was caught. Massey laughed aloud
to himself as he strode-on. Luck had cer-
tainly been with him that day.

  “Take it all in all, I reckon I afh’t got
nothin’ to kick about. There’s Mrs.
Grubb, now, thinks the whole world’s
against her. I reckon there’s a whole lot
in the way you feel about it. She ’spec’s
everybody to be against her, and they are.
And hang it all, she won’t let you tell her
when you’re not.”

  He mused on, remembering that Satur-
day night six months before, hearing again
the hard, bitter note in her voice, feeling
again the pity and the desire to make
things easier for her, ending with the spec-
ulation on the economy of marriage with a
woman with a past like Posie Grubb’s.

  Such was the tone of his thoughts
through the week. He laughed when he
heard that Bullard was out of town and
that White’s mill was shut down. He met
the train Saturday night, saw Bullard get
off with a number of laborers, so was on
hand for their game Sunday morning. As
they talked for a few minutes on the porch,
Massey stood in line with the vista of
doorways from the kitchen. His feet far
apart, his hands behind his back, he
rocked contentedly and with admirable
balance, heel and toe. His blue shirt was
ironed. His felt hat was brushed, his sus-
penders were new, for every day of happy

thought since last Sunday had strength-
ened his resolve to ask Posie todky. He
heard her coming.

  “Yes,” she said as she came through the
hall, “I just been waitin’ to see you. I'd
like to know what in the devil I’ve ever
done to you that you should come over
here and take all my boarders away from
me. You been workin’ to get ’em for a
month. Now I reckon you’re satisfied.
You’ll take the bread right out o’ my
mouth. I s’pose next you’ll try to get all
the white ones I got.

  “And you wasn’t satisfied to take my
boarders, but you worked and worked till
you got my help away from me. I s’pose
you think I didn’t work hard enough be-
fore, gettin’ up at five o’clock in the mom-
in’ and never stoppin’ till ten o’clock at
night. Now you’ve took Lily away from
me, I s’pose you want me to work all night,
too.

  “Yes you did take her, and you needn’t
say you didn’t. She come here tellin’ me
she didn’t have to work no more now,
Link’s makin’ more’n I was, she reckoned.
And I reckon so, too. Makin’ six times'’s
much as he’s worth, just to get him and
Lily away from me. I know you. You’re
all alike. Needn’t tell me you got ’em
for your mill. If your mill needed men
why couldn’t you go off and get ’em like
Mr. Bullard done?

  “No, you had to come tryin’ to break
me up, and you pretty near done it, too.
But you wait. I’ll get you. If the Lord
don’t gimme a chanct, the devil will. I
don’t know which is worse, you or Tim
Grubb—or the old boy himself. You’ll
all work against me every chanct you get.
I’d get the law on you if I could. It’s the
same’s stealing from me. You’d better
go. Come hangin’ round here after you
done me thataway.”

  Poor Massey was making for. the mill.
His stride was less buoyant than it had
been when he came, but no slower. His
balloon had burst. A woman’s sharpness.

  “You reckon he’ll be back to dinner?"
Posie asked Bullard. “He’d better had
come back here and pay me that fifty
cents after I got enough dinner for him—
if I ever get it ready. It likes to work me
to death cookin’ for you-all men and tryin’
to keep your rooms and all. You-all think
I’m just fussin’ cause I’m mad, but I de-
clare I can’t keep on without no help.

BY JANE HICKS

35
R O M A N C E

And I can't get a soul to come out here
and help me. Wages is so high, won’t
none o’ these women work. It’s awful.
I don't know what we’re cornin' to. I
reckon I’ll have to give it up soon, cause
I can't do it all.”

  “Give it up?” Bullard asked. "What,
the hotel?”

   “Certn’y, the hotel. It’ll kill me if I
don't!”

  “Then, where’ll we eat, us unmarried
men?”

  “I don’t care where you eat. I know I
don’t want you eatin’ off my grave, and
that’s what it’ll be if 1 keep on.”

  Bullard thought a minute. There was
no one else on the porch; the only windows
that opened on to it were those of his
own and Mrs. Grubb's bedrooms.

   “Well,” he began in a low tone, scratch-
ing the back of his head, “you could stand
cookin’ for one, couldn’t you? How ’bout
cookin’ for just me? House number four
is vacant.”

  “What you mean? You mean me marry
you? I wouldn’t marry no man on earth,
not one of ’em. You're all alike. You’d
a taken my boarders away, too—treated me
just like Massey done—if you’d a been at
another mill. No, sir, first thing I knowd,
you’d be walkin’ off with every cent I
made since I got rid o’ that other man. I
know you. You ain’t thinkin’ 'bout me.
.'Ml you’re thinkin’ ’bout is havin’ some-
body to cook for you so you won’t have
to walk to town, for your meals. You
ain’t foolin’ me.

  “No, I ain’t gunter cook for no man,
onct I get outer this. It’s all I done all
my life. I think’s sometimes that’s why
my name’s Grubb. I ain’t never done
nothin’ but cook stuff for men to eat.
Always meat an’ potatoes! I wisht there
wasn’t another potato in the whole world.
Got so much to do now, I don’t reckon I
ever will get dinner ready. Got no wood
in the woodbox, even. Got to stop my
other work to chop that and bring it in.
And got to get all these rooms done up.”
Tek Bullard smoked his cigar—a nice
one it was, for he made “good money”—
and sat thinking as Posie went noisily lip
the steps. He heard her rushing around
pulling beds away from the wall, pushing
them back in a few minutes and going on
to the next room.

  “She’s crazy. She’ll never get another

chance like that,” he thought as he slid
the band of his cigar nearer the e’nd. “Not
many women could’a’ held out this week,
choppin’ wood and all. Maybe another
week’ll make her glad to get me. She
ain’t tired enough yet.”

  Meanwhile, Massey was walking about
the mill-yard, slopping to look at the slop-
ing piles, but seeing nothing but a pair of
hurt and fighting eyes under a mass of
wonderful auburn hair. Maybe now she’d
listen to him. A woman had to have her
say out. It beat all the way she always
saw things wrong. When he reached the
hotel, he passed Bullard on the porch and
went through to the kitchen. Mrs. Grubb
was not there. The unwashed breakfast
dishes were piled on the small pine table.
A large pan of potatoes—the symbol of her
drudgery—was on a chair. The woodbox
was empty.

  Massey deliberated for a minute. Then
he rolled up his clean, blue sleeves, and he
peeled the potatoes. He’d done it many a
time for his niother and in lumber-camps.
He reckoned he could do it again. There
was no hot water because the fire was low.
He weflt outside and found enough small
wood to keep it going until he could chop
more. Just as he was putting it into the
stove, Posie, her housework finished, came
hurrying back to the kitchen. She stopped.

  ‘•What—what you doin’ here? Get
outer here. 1 don’t want—” She sat down
on the chair where the potatoes had been.
“What you doin’ that for? I don’t want
you to do that. I don’t want nobody to
do nothin’ for me; then I won’t have to
do—” Her voice seemed to break.

  She got up quickly and began fixing the
drafts of the stove.

  “I just put some wood in,” Massey said.
“I'm gunter chop some now and fill the
box.”

  “No you ain’t! I don’t want you to.”
Her voice was thick as on that Saturday
night in the Winter.

  Massey went outside and began swing-
ing the ax as only a woodsman can. When
he took in his first armful, Posie turned
and faced him. Her eyes were red; she
was dabbing her nose with the corner of
her apron.

  “What you doin’ that for—them pota-
toes and all?”

  “I just thought I’d help you a little.
’Taint right for a woman to have to work

36

THE WOOING OF POSIE GRUBB
ROMANCE

so hard. My mother like to killed herself
doing it. You’d orter give up this place.
It’s too much for you. It’s too much for
any woman.”

  “How’d I take care o’ myself, I’d like
to know, if I give it up? €ookin’s all I
know how to do.”

  “ ’Twouldn’t be so hard, if you cooked
for just you and—and one other, would
it?”

  Posie did not expect what was coming,
even after his kindness. Habit is strong.
She looked only for blows, open or covert.

  “I reckon Tek Bullard’s put you up to
this, ’cause he don’t wanter have to walk—
you're workin’ for him, now you’ve took
his men. You thiftk you’ll—aw, I know
you!”

  Massey rocked on his feet for a minute,
looking at her seriously.

  ‘•I ain’t workin’ for nobody but Jim
Massey,” he said. “I want you for my-
self. Little children ain’t the only ones
that ain’t against you.” _

  “You mean you want me to marry you?
No, sir. I wouldn’t- marry—” In her
pause for a convincing phrase her eyes
fell on the woodbox, the peeled potatoes.
She looked at him sharply.

  “You mean it?” she asked.

  He nodded.

  “Well, I’m gunter take you, man, right
now while I got a chanct! They ain’t no-
body else done nothin’ for me, and I
reckon—I reckon nobody ain’t gunter.”

  “Now mebbe you don’t look, at things

right,” he said. “Now about the men,

and ’bout the women folks round here-”

  "I know it! I’m always ’speckin’ folks
to do me dirty. But mebbe now—I’ll see
things different.”

  He stood looking at her. He reckoned
he ought to kiss, her—or something.

  “I’ll tell you,” he said, rocking heel and
toe, and with a little, twinkling smile; “to
show you ’taint all for myself, I won’t
eat a spud for a year. Only it's with spuds
like everything else—they’re good or bad
’cordin’ to how you look at ’em. They’re
cheap and they’re good eatin’.”

  “I reckon ’tis,” she said with a softer
expression. Then as he started toward the
door she said, “Wait a minute. There’s
something I reckon I’d orter tell you. I
ain’t never told nobody else, ’cause they’d
call me a fool. It’s ’bout that man, Tim
Grubb. He never was no ’count; he ain’t
as much now as he was. He drank him-
self to pieces. He can’t do nothin’ and
he ain’t got no folks. Didn’t look right
to let the State look after him. Even
if I did divorce him, I married him.
’Taint much I send him—just a little,
but—but I ain’t gunter quit on him!” She
looked at Massey bravely, almost defiantly.
“And you ain’t no spender,” she ended.
He didn’t speak at once.

  He’d pitied her before’ now:

  “I reckon,” he drawled, “you’re worth
that to me.” He stood looking at her.
Then, “I’ll bring in the wood.”

Definition

THESE arc eternal mysteries:

The breath of wind upon the seas,

The flare of saffron in the sky,

The cadence of a child's first cry,

And, chief of all, the moment's grace
That let me gaze into your face.

These arc eternal verities:

The healing wrought by streams and trees,
The sway of beauty over might,

The madness born of moonlit night,

And, true as soaring lark soars true,

My love for you, my love for you 1

Ruth Lambert Jones
The Dream Killers

BY MARY HEATON VORSE
A Complete Novelette

WHAT the matter was he couldn’t
imagine, for his mind went back
to the days of his boyhood.
He saw himself barefoot, driv-
ing pigs in the rain, talking to a little girl,
with eyes as blue as corn flowers, and a
crown of red hair, haloed by mist. He
saw the very gestures with which he had
run his hand through his hair, made con-
scious of its wetness because of the damp
standing like strings of pearls on hers.
His eyes seemed *to him to be smarting
again with the smoke from the peat fire.

  He jogged himself awake, for the eyes
of his body were looking out through the
translucent air over the Sound, that today
was as shining as a blue jewel. The edges
of things and their surfaces seemed cruelly
hard, and McDermott longed for the soft
outlines of Ireland. He saw it drenched
with mist and blurred with smoke, and he
longed to feel the damp of it.

  “Now this is queer,” he thought. “What
can it be that ails me?”

  The obsession was so strong on him that
his sons, as they walked past, seemed
strange to him.

  They were many years apart in age:
Dennis, the son of his youth; Lynn, the
child of his maturity, the space between
them bridged by Betty. Between Betty
and Dennis were graves—little graves in
raw western towns.

  Hard living it had been. Hard for him
and harder for Lucy with her Irish gaiety
and her Irish despair. How many years

lay between him and those desolate, mea-
ger graves! He could see himself, and Lucy
weeping beside him, their black clothes
like blots against the red, yawning grave,
red like a wound. The cemetery itself
was red and raw, picked out with black
railings and white crosses. He remembered
how he hated the row of arrogant marble
tombs, for he was poor and could buy only
a cheap wooden cross to mark the grave
of his child. He had sworn then that he
would be rich enough to be buried under
as line a marble as any there. Well, now
he could buy all the tombs and the ceme-
tery, too, if he was a-minded.

  He looked around. All this was his—
the green acres that led to the shining
waters of the Sound—the great house and
its appendages of greenhouses and garage,
and those handsome children. Who would
think now that the father and mother of
them were Irish from the bogs? They
looked like something) you might read of
in a book, McDermott thought, and his
pride was shot with disquiet as he con-
trasted himself as a lad with them.

  “You’re quiet* today, Shayne?” His
wife’s voice drifted to him afar off.

  “Do you ever think of the old days?”
he returned.

  “That’s a strange thing for you to ask.”
  “How, strange for me?”

  “Why, from your talk, it’s as if you
were born new every day. Are you grow-
ing old that you’re looking all of a sud-
den in the face of the past?”

38
3$SfiSSI

R O \ N C E

[

  “My days have always been so crowr
and full, I’ve had no time for the p
but I don't know how it is tonight, i
as if I could smell the peat burning a.l
AVe've come a long road, Lucy.”

 “I often think it.”	:ol-

  “And much of it’s been hard.’’the
“None of it was bitter.” .g. She
“You worked hard in y<aiack lashes
“There’s times I’m weair. She was
work to do.”	r thought, as

“You’re busy all the bf a magazine.
“I’m not idle, but the: innocent and
rage comes over me to do vre as clearly
hand what others do ill.” against the

was singing, and the words came to Shayne
like a wind of the past.

   The windy ways of all the world arc calling
to my feet.

  Shayne found himself taking up the
melody. Then, as in a dream, he heard
himself speaking.

   “I mind the last time I sang that song.”

   The pale flaming eyes of the man were
fixed on Shayne.

   “And when was that?” he asked, hardly
above a breath.

w ... CX -U...OL	last time I sang that song,” Shayne

™ jT"" 7 *“	said, “was thirty-five years ago, the day

Hejt^jowaJk^away* «g had . ? parte(J with

   my brother Neill McDermott
in the streets of Boston, and each of us
turned our way, and we were to meet in
a month’s time, and never did I hear of
my brother again.”

“Shayne McDermott, look at me!” said

seeking an explanation for fptor cars
mood.	he echo

  “Do you remember how you usi
posies ablaze in North Dakota 'ked-
the long Winter? I swore to you then .
when I got rich I’d have gardens for yo*he ^an"
so full of flowers you couldn’t put your
foot down, and here it’s come true. Why
is it that there should be a discontent on
me this night—that I’d like to feel the
turf between the bare toes of me and my

^Jeill!” he cried. “I’ve known you all
skilfif * Ive known you since your
“YoCn mc' Well, the windy ways
you wou,liave brought you back to me,

hair wet with the mist and look up into yourself, aSf®L,^ou bcen wa,kin8 down

♦ I' HI nnmla nintlt tkn	Unii> io it “I’ll mua 1

the purple night at the stars? How is it
the past has come to me like the wind
blowing the smell of flowers?”

She looked at him curiously.

“I never saw you like this before. I
thought your past was full of what you’d
forgotten.”

 II

HE WALKED down over the lawn and
paused to talk to a gardener.
“You’re the new man, I’m thinking?”
“Yes, I’m the one.”

  “We’ve been looking for a steady man.”
“Mr. Sanders told me so. I’m here only
till you find what you need.”

  The man looked at him with eyes that
were like pale, glancing flames, ‘clear and
penetrating and strange. He had the face
of a saint and a satyr. There was sweet-
ness in his face and goodness, wisdom and
sensuality. His skin was weathered until
it had the texture of old vellum, and as he
talked he worked deftly with his long
powerful fingers.

 “You work with experience,” said
Shayne. “You like the work, I' can tell
that. It’s a pity you’re moving on.”

    I’ll give'

last I did a' And now that I have
my back ached *?yes» Shayne, and see
“Yet you have fian go on my way
has swung a pick in uPown the road
“And I have, too; but 2use, and his
They both glanced to wHS3 >n the
Dermott sat in the shade. She'1 there
and watchful, her hands on her knet^e
had the air of some powerful idol,
there was dignity and impressiveness in
her size. Her eyes rested on her sons with
a fierce tenderness. For all she was quiet,
there was intensity and power in her
pose.

   “She’s not soft!” said the new man.
Shayne walked to the end of the ter-
race. He paused before the fountain to
look at the goldfish, for he liked the move-
ment of bright, sparkling things. All the
things in the world that had color on them
pleased him. He liked the glitter of jewels,
but better he liked swift-moving fish. He
had seen plenty of gardeners come and go,
and liked to talk with them, being a man
of sociability. He had a fancy, too, that he
envied Sanders, his head gardener, his job.
When things in the works went wrong:
“Well, Sanders,” he’d say, as he walked

BY MARY HEATON VORSE

30
CE	• -

-Li

BY MARY HEATON

 III

W

          HAT the matter was he couldn’t
imagine, for his mind went back
to the days of his boyhoj^
He saw himself barefoot
ing pigs in the rain, talking to a 1^ jt
with eyes as blue as corn flow*-
crown of red hair, haloed bj^J *She
saw the very gestures with v . . .
run his hand through his h' °
scious of its wetness beer comi back
standing l.ke strings., J be « ^
His eyes seemed	°

again with the daughter?” the new man

   HP i naae*'*

  He jogge

of his be threw back his head and
trans’.^

v” My daughter, is it?” he replied. “My
daughter? Is it that I’m growing old or
that Mary Deane is growing young of a
sudden? It’s my wife’s sister, the young
lady is!”

  As if drawn by the magnet of their
laughter Mary Deane approached them
slowly. She was gentle and maidenly,
and had a look of remoteness and inno-
cence that was like youth’s heart.

  As if drawn by the magnet of their
youth slipped slowly from her; her slen-
derness sharpened itself to spareness. Her
fair skin disclosed itself to be marred by
fine wrinkles. She had a smiling mouth,
but it was from some inner, hard-won
discipline that she smiled. Her eyes were
young and held no experience.

  Shayne walked down the terrace again.

A Complete Novel NIS and Lynn finished their set
and came walking up in their white
j, nnels. Dennis was a dark Irishman;
iwift moving, good looking, with flash-
ing eyes and a swift bright smile, and the
gaiety of him was often veiled. He had
been moving now for some weeks sullen-
faced through life.

 Shayne stopped the boys. Some in-
stinct in his heart went out to Lynn.

  “Who beat?” he asked for the sake of
making talk.

  “I did for once,” Lynn answered.

  He was a tall awkward boy, and his
pendulous red hands hung helplessly by
his side and his ears stuck out and were
quick to flush red. There was about the
youngster something that reminded Shayne
of his early days.

  “Did you ever think you ’uld like to go
to Ireland one day?” he asked. “At your
age I was an adventurous lad.”

  There was a question in Shayne’s voice.
He was trying hard to establish the cur-
rent of comprehension between himself
and the lad. But his questions plunged
softly into the illimitable depths of Lynn’s
shyness. Shayne could not reach him.
Lynn stood there before him stooping over,
his ears crimson, the half-grown features
of his face vaguely promising good looks.
He was a boy that always buttoned his
sweater up wrong. There was always
something adrift about his clothes. Now
a spot of green marred the whiteness
of his flannels; his shoe was untied and
his cravat, also. The boy’s disorder was
appealing, like the loose ends of things

turned to look at Mary, who was talk-
with the new gardener, and her eyes
■ smiling as well as her mouth,
ary among all of them had stayed
She had only, thought Shayne, to
e shawl about the head of her, and
the old country would take her
woman He looked around
an odd thought came to
has this to do with
if the person he called
one else than that Mc-
’d in the house, and, as

Ti	t-'v	t f • him, this was no way to

h 6 L) r 6 8 m l\ ) have been working too

lined it.

40

THE DREAM KILLERfi
R O M A N C E

in the old country, and Shayne was the
more thwarted that he had been able to
get no nearer the lad who so reminded
him of his youth. He felt lonely and
cold.

  Betty in white with a silk peach-col-
ored sweater over her arm, ran down the
path making toward the boat-landing. She
had Irish blue eyes with long black lashes
and dark curling chestnut hair. She was
as pretty a girl, her father thought, as
was ever seen on the cover of a magazine.
She was his own daughter, innocent and
unscrupulous. Her edges were as clearly
defined as the sail of a yacht against the
blue of the water. Her cradle song had .
been the purring of high-power motor cars,
and she had grown up with the echo
of great guns in her ears.

  “Where are you off to, Betty?” he asked.

  “I’m going out on the Sound.”

  “You seem to be in a hurry.”

  “You guessed it,” she said.

  “What’s wrong that you’re running so
fast?”

  For a moment he could see anger welling
in her eyes like a bubbling spring. It en-
raged her to be stopped in one of her
long-sweeping flights.

  “It’s running away from the old woman
I am,” she said in the brogue that was
the lingua jranca between them. With
her clever sleight of hand, she changed
him from her enemy to her accomplice.
“ Tis meeting my beau by the edge of
the water that I’m after doing.” She
winked at him and left him, to be gone
about her own affairs till tea-time.

IV

AGAIN the memories of the past beat
round his head with soft dark wings.
He seemed to be groping in the dark for
some door. He was on the edge of some
discovery which forever eluded him. The
pergolas, the garden, the lawns, the great
houses receded from him. They became as
small as if he saw them reflected in an
eye. He heard the past like the humming
of bees, like the murmer of distant voices.
He \Jiad turned to those he loved, one
after the other, for help and for under-
standing, and they had only helped him to
see the loneliness of his own heart.

  The new gardener was working with the
unhurried sureness of a good worker. He

was singing, and the words came to Shayne
like a wind of the past.

  The windy ways of all the world arc calling
to my feet.

  Shayne found himself taking up the
melody. Then, as in a dream, he heard
himself speaking.

  “I mind the last time I sang that song.”
The pale flaming eyes of the man were
fixed on Shayne.

  “And when was that?” he asked, hardly
above a breath.

  “The last time I sang that song,” Shayne
said, “was thirty-five years ago, the day
I parted with my brother Neill McDermott
in the streets of Boston, and each of us
turned our way, and we were to meet in
a month’s time, and never did I hear of
my brother again.”

  “Shayne McDermott, look at me!” said
the man.

  “Neill!” he cried. “I’ve known you all
the time! I’ve known you since your
eyes fell on me! Well, the windy ways
of the world have brought you back to me,
Neill, and have you been walking down
them ever since?”

  “That I have. And now that I have
looked into your eyes, Shayne, and see
how fine you are, I can go on my way
with my heart at rest. Down the road
aways is the Dutchmans house, and his
wife has red cheeks and brings in the
beer to you fresh and foaming. Come there
with me, Shayne, and we’ll talk for the
afternoon, and then Fll be on my way.”
“What’s this you’re saying?” cried
Shayne. “What’s the talk of the Dutch-
man’s wife handing you beer when there’s
my own Lucy sitting up on the veranda
waiting to welcome you, and servants to
bring us whatever we need?”

  He raised his hand to wave to Lucy.
“Stop!” said Neill. “Wait, Shayne!
Listen to my talk, Shayne McDermott;
leave us talk together and drink together,
and then let me go on my road, for the
thoughts that I have in my head are dif-
ferent from the thoughts that you have
been thinking, and the thoughts of you
might be poison to me and the thoughts
of me might be poison to you. For you
have got all I have not, and all I have
got you haven’t, and if I was to stay, wTe
might find the hearts of the both of us

BY MARY HEATON VORSE

4'
ROMANCE

was empty. I’m thinking we might find
that death had emptied my heart, Shayne,
and life had emptied yours. You’ve been
gathering money in the years that lie be-
tween us and it’s wisdom I’ve'been gath-
ering, and I know that all any two should
have to say to each other can be said in
the span of the afternoon. I warn you,
Shayne McDermott, no good can come
from me staying with you!”

  “From the old days you could always
talk around me,” said Shayne. “You’ve
got different reasons than the daft ones
that you have been giving. What’s in
you heart, Neill?”

  Neill looked away. His gaunt figure
drooped. His eyes would not meet his
brother’s.

  “It’s your children, Shayne,” he said.
“The eyes of them are hard and shiping,
like the jewels you see staring at you mock-
ing from behind glass cases when you are
hungry on the streets.”

  The red of anger mounted to Shayne’s
face.

  “I’d break the neck of any child of
mine that went back on its own blood,”
he said.

  “Did you ever hear tell of the Touch-
stone?” Neill asked, looking away.

  “If its paste and brass they are, I
want to know it and be done with it,”
cried Shayne.

  Curiosity plucked at Lucy McDermott’s
heart. She rose' ponderously.

  Mary Deane, her basket full of roses,
came upon them from the opposite direc-
tion.

  “Mary!” cried Shayne. “Lucy, ’tis my
brother Neill come back to me! The one
I told you I parted with five and thirty
years ago in the streets of Boston!”

THE children took him admirably.
They were too proud to be ashamed
of what belonged to them. They were
romantic. And he was a figure of romance.
They were Irish, and their hearts were
warm; they were young, and the soft
bright monotony of the Saturday afternoon
had been as unsatisfying as syrup. When
their greetings were over:

  “Come on, and let’s all drink a toast,”
said Shayne, “and then ye’ll be sitting
down and telling us the adventures you

have been having walking up and down
the earth, and I will be telling you mine.
The children can sit and listen and learn
that there is more to me than some one
who call just be signing checks for

them-”

At the steps of the house Neill paused.
“What ails you, man?” asked Shayne.
“I’ve the feeling as if it was a trap,
and yet it draws me and dares me.”
“What’s the matter with you? Why it’s
only a house, and I am the master of it.”
“Are you so?” Neill asked with mean-
ing.

  “When I bought and paid for it, why
wouldn’t I be?”

  “Why wouldn’t you be, indeed? Maybe
there’s a fear in me because I was never
in a big house before. I’ve seen them,
big cages, the monuments to men’s van-
ity, houses big as barracks, big as orphan
asylums, and I’ve wondered what they was
like. And now that I can go in,” he
paused, “I don’t want to go in. I fear the
house of you, Shayne McDermott. I feel
that it might put the hands of itself on
my heart as it has put its hands on the
hearts of all of ye.”

  The children stirred uncomfortably and
looked at each other.

  Shayne McDermott’s eyes sought his
wife.

  “What nonsense is this you’re talking?”
said Mrs. McDermott.

  “Every one in the world sits mourning
beside a graveyard of his dreams, and the
graveyard of my heart is already full,”
said Neill. “There is something in this
house that I know I am going to fight.
There is something in this house that
maybe I will fight and slay. There’s noth-
ing but kindness now between us, and
when you can still say that, ’tis time to
say good-by. So good-by to all of you,
and let me be off before each of us has
learned the truth about each other.”
“Man, dear,” said Lucy McDermott,
“you can not harm us. Come in and
bide.”

  “Don’t mind the house,” said Mary
Deane. “You should know that houses
are all alike. There’s no difference in
houses except in the shape and size of
them.”

  “True for you,” he answered. “They are
all alike; they’re all traps for the free
hearts of men.”

4’-

THE DREAM KILLERS
R O MANCE

  Lucy McDermott flung out a laugh like

a gay banner.

  “You’re thinking, maybe, that you have
brought back such a rich fortune from
your wanderings that we are going to
bolt the door on you. We’ll leave the
door open, and you can go out from it
when you wish. Will that satisfy you?”

  He walked about the place curiously.
He walked up and down through the wide
rooms which opened one into another, a
curious figure with his long, thin overcoat
streaming around him. The floor was like
a dark mirror, and in its spaces were as-
sembled many rare and costly things, for
Shayne had a joy in lacquers—the odd
forms and searching colors of the Orient
pleased him. He loved faded mirrors and
rich needle-work, and through these Neill
walked shy and suspicious, like an animal.

  He was very tall and of a powerful build
and spare through hard living. His pale
eyes blazed at this and that object, and
he stood transfixed in Shayne’s library
which had been made by a bright young
man and contained as many books
ii» fine rich bindings as any man’s
library should have. For Shayne was not
like some men who bad come by riches
suddenly. He knew what the tastes were
that should go with a gentleman’s life.

  “Samples,” Neill murmured to himself,
*‘a case of samples.”

VI

PRESENTLY his search was ended and
they had all assembled for tea. At
first all of them talked together, while
Lynn crowded near his uncle, and pres-
ently one and another stopped to listen
to Neill McDermott.

  “ ’Tis a great fine land when you walk
from the top to the bottom of it,” he was
saying. “There’s wide roads and there’s
narrow, and there was always something
new calling me at the end of every one of
them. Whiles I’d come to mountains and
I climbed up the summits of them. Whiles
I’d come to the rim of the sea and the seas
themselves didn’t stop me, for the man
who has nothing, there is nothing stops
him. There’s strange sights to behold in
the far places of the world; islands that
rise sheer from the sea like the cruel teeth
of giants and the sea-waters about them
so clear that the vessel you sail in stains

the pale floor of the sea with the shadow.
There’s hot countries where the thick
sweet air is like syrup, and the flowers are
no more rest for your eyes than a red
beating heart. Wherever you go, all
things change. The skies’ of heaven
change from clime to clime. I’ve seen the
sky deep like a well, and I’ve seen it
stretched tight like a blue china bowl.
Sometimes the stars blaze at night like
the lights of a city and then they hang
distant over your head cold and glitter-
ing.”

  “How did you get to go all over the
earth?” Lynn asked.

  “I was never afraid to stop working.
When the work wasn’t to my liking, I
begged; when the begging went against
the grain, I stole.”

  “Did you ever get caught?”

  “I've been caught and taken to jail, but
not for what I took, for I took but what
I needed. What I went to jail for was my
religion; when I was still beneath the spell
of illusion I wished freedom. So I was
often in jail at the time. Hey, one passes
through many a slavery in one’s youth!”
They knew his talk to be madness.
They knew that it had no relation to life
as one should live it within the walls of
houses, and yet he enmeshed them in the
golden net of his dreams. Envy awoke in
the hearts of the men; desires for strange
adventures in far countries swarmed
about them

  Presently he spoke of youth and its dig-
nity and of love and its beauty, and as he
did he plunged his strange eyes into those
of Betty's.

  As he talked he stripped from her one
by one the hard husks of her youth and
her heart bloomed.

  Dennis’ heart was bruised. He had en-
cased himself in the cynicism and now the
cynicism was broken into pieces.

  The minds of all of them fluttered out
in search of forgotten dreams. The three
older ones plunged back to the days of
their youth—to their time of achieve-
ment—to the time of struggle, of love
and despair. The spirit of the young peo-
ple winged forth from the walls that sur-
rounded them. Under the spell of his talk
it was as if the house walls disintegrated,
the house, the garage, the lawns had a
smug irrelevance in the face of his far-
flung picture of the world where beside

BY MARY HEATON VORSE
purple seas the white hands of youth and
love forever sought one another like white
moths.

  “It’s a great adventure, a great adven-
ture,” Neill said, “the adventure of liie!”

  He turned on Dennis.

  “Will you have Things and Possessions,
or will you have the Adventure? You
can’t have both.”

  “I’ll have both,” said Dennis, waking
up as if from sleep.

  “You can’t have both, for to get money
and keep money takes time, and the Ad-
venture of life takes all the hours there is
to the day. Money hems you in. It
builds gold walls round you, high walls;
it blinds the loving eyes to those who look
at you.”

  He walked to the end of the terrace, a
disintegrating prophet leaving the crum-
bling walls of their satisfaction about
them. He had opened the gates of the
future, and they walked through into the
land of enchantment. Then he left them
to their thoughts.

  It was dinner-time before they missed
him. They looked for him far and wide,
and they could not find him.

  It was Lynn who returned with the
word of him, flushed with brick-red of
embarrassment.

  “He’s eating with the servants!” he
said.

  “Eating with the servants! Whatever
for?” cried his mother.

  Lynn blushed a deeper red.

  “He says there’s a girl—the new house-
maid—who’s heart’s a nest of dreams!”

VII

THE SUN had not yet risen. The sky
was as empty as eternity. The
Sound lay like a floor of ice. Except where
the sky in the east was primrose, the color
of the world was gone. The gardens of
Shayne McDermott marched down the hill-
side to the water, and to the right and to
the left were pastures. Like gray sheep
the stones clustered together, and strag-
gling processions of cypresses climbed the
hills as if they were on their march to
some unknown destination.

  The lawns, the flowers, the shrubs, were
drenched with dew. No sound, no wind.
The world waited. The sleeping house
turned blank unseeing windows on the

world. The sky and sea were like an <
empty shell.

 Then the great house door opened
quietly, and Neill McDermott came out.
He walked up and down the terrace, his
old overcoat flowing' about him as if it
were a vestment of some priesthood of the
road.

  “I was afraid of you,” he thought, with
his pale eyes fixed on the house. “Yester-
day I feared the walls o’ ye. And at the
sound of my voice, and at the words of my
heart and the music of my dreams, your
walls fell and crumbled to dust, like the
walls of Jericho!

  “Music! The walls come clattering
down, and the spirit walked free. I feared
your walls, for I thought they might en-
close and trap my heart. Why do men
stay within you when the hearts of them
strain outward to go speeding along the
highways and the rivers of the earth?

  “Rivers and roads! Dreams flow down
them out of the houses, out from the con-
fining walls; and the feet of men must
follow the dreams of their hearts. What
for was it that I was afraid o’ ye? Mary
Deane spoke a true word when she said
that you’re alike but for shape and size.
It was a fool I was.

  “One would think there was traps in the
doorway and that the floors of houses
was limed to catch the feet of me. I
opened the doors o’ ye for the people that
live inside o’ ye—the people that you
thought you own. I opened the doors of
the past and the doors of the future. They
listened to the call of the purple circling
seas, and they minded the song of the high
winds of heaven; and the spirit of them
flew out like strong-winged birds beating
down the face of a storm.

  “Why is it you trap us so? What is
the magic of your four walls? Or is it
the roof over the head of us and the
thought you owned. I opened the doors of
makes cowards of us, or the pattering of
little duties that stuff up the ears of us
the way we can’t be hearing the sea calling
or the song of the wind as it drives its
herds of clouds before it across the high
spaces of heaven?

  “You proud house, you big house, you
strong house, you house made of bricks
and stones and solid mortar! The sweat
of men and their strength went to make
you. You have as many rooms as I could

44

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

sleep the moon through and not sleep in
the same room twice. And yet you were
not as strong as my little words, as the
little words of my mouth that have neither
form nor shape to them. For you, too,
are a dream. You are but a man’s silly
vain dream made into bricks and stone.
And my dream was stronger than you,
roof and four walls!

  ‘•Why should I have feared you? Why
should you hold in slavery those who have
dreamed you? There’s slavery in dreams.

I	am a slave to a dream. But my dream
changes like creation; the depths of the
sea are at one end and the heights of the
far heavens at the other. The winds of
the world stream down it. So why should

I	fear you?

  “Four walls and a roof! And those
that are within, you keep in slavery. I’ll
deliver them from you. I’ll give them my
secret. Walls are dust!”

VIII	'

THE SUN was climbing up the heav-
ens, and Neill McDermott was sit-
ting in the pasture. The cactus flung out
the pale flames of its flowers, and on
the ground beside him was Lynn.

  “Mind the cactus,” Neill warned him.
“The way the thorns won’t stick you.
It’s a strange grand sight, is the cactus
by moonlight in the desert.”

  The boy did not answer. His face was
heavy.

  “What is it is wrong with you?” Mc-
Dermott asked.

  “Nothing that can be helped,” said the
boy.

  “There’s a way to help most things in
the world for them that has courage.
There’s other ways .to get from one town
to another than by going over the road,
my boy; though maybe you’d not know
them, for you hardly know that legs is
made for walking, being, as you are, the
slaves of motor cars, and learning from
them every day that there’s no way to go
about except by road, and a smooth one
at that. But I’ll tell you, there’s cross-
roads and little wood-roads, sweet and
soft, where ybur. cars can’t go, where the
wicked gleaming holes of mud lay await
for your wheels. Will you live all your
life like a velocepede instead of a man
with two legs that could climb up the

  craggy proud mountains of the earth if
he was a-minded to?”

  Lynn listened to him, and the music of
the divine discontent of youth sang in his
heart.

  “You’re going back to school soon?”
his uncle demanded.

  “Tomorrow,” said Lynn.

  “Tell me now, do they ever be laughing
at you in school? For you’ve got big
unchancy feet on ye and ugly knuckles
on your wrists.”

  Lynn flushed a sullen red.

  “They do now? Oh, they do? I war-
rant they do! Maybe it’s not so forward
in the classes you are. The little felleys
maybe recite out of the book beside you.”
“I can’t be learning Latin,” said Lynn.
“And why should you be learning
Latin? Answer me that! What madness
is there that is in the minds of men that
should be shutting big strong hoys like
this, full of brawn and blood, with a Latin
spelling-book? Have ye ever thought of
running away from it? Have you ever
thought of it now?”

  “Many’s the time,” said Lynn gloomily.
  “And why are you yet here, boy?”

  “I don’t know/’ he said, flushing again.
“There seems to be no reason at all.”

  “I’ll tell you why if you want to know.
You’re born in a track-minded time, and
the little blind roads and all the sweet
little lanes leading through the secret heart
of the forest is unknown to you. And
why is it you haven’t gone and why is it
you’re going back to stick your nose in a
book?

  “The world’s at war, and you’re the
frame of a man. I know what’s in your
heart. You heard the bugle calling to you
and you’re hearing the wind singing in the
vessel’s rigging. The heart of you, Lynn
McDermott, is heavy within you, for
you’ve a man’s work to do in the world,
and you know it. Oh, don’t you hear the
bugles calling?” He leaned over toward
him. His eyes were like pale leaping
flames. His thin face was alight. “Don’t
you hear ’em?

  “What makes you listen with your head
up like this? ’Tis that you hear your own
heart speaking to you. You meet the
words of it face to face for the first time,
boy. What’s going to keep you? Boy,
what’s to keep you from following the call
of the golden bugles?”

BY MARY HEATON VORSE

45
ROMANCE

  The light that had been in Lynn’s face
faded out.

  “I haven’t money enough to get away,”
he said.

  “You’ve no money to spend on a railway
ticket and your father as good as a mint?”

  Lynn shook his head.

  “It’s never money that has kept me
from the road, but maybe you’re right,”
said Neill. “Maybe if you haven’t the price
of a ticket, it’s caught that you be. It’s
sad to be caught like a rat in a trap, to
have your dreams spread out to be laughed
at like torn rags on a clothesline. But
there’s always ways of getting money.
One can borrow; one can steal. Boy, I’ve
got it!” He leaned toward him again.

  “I have it!” he cried. “Many fine
clothes you’re going to take back with
you. Sell your clothes to the boys of the
school and then maybe they won’t be
laughing at you! Tell them Lynn Mc-
Dermott is running away to enlist in the
Navy, and they’ll look at you with envy
and with respect, and as you go they’ll
wring the hand of you. And it’s a different
looking boy, you are, for there’s fires lit
behind your eyes, and they come from the
fire in your heart.

  “Life’s calling and beckoning to you.
All the great adventures is lined before you
in rows for you to take your pick. And
it’s lucky you are for you can swap the
clothes off your back to make your dreams
come true.”

IX

THE DAY wore on. Mrs. McDer-
mott sat upon the vine-covered
piazza, and near-by sat Mary Deane. The
shadow of the vine hid the fine marks of
years from her face. It seemed as if warm
young blood passed quickly through her
veins.

  Mrs. McDermott looked over the fair
expanse of the gardens. Autumn flowers
flung their challenging colors to the sun.
She had always loved the Sabbath calm of
things. Then she drank long drafts of the
quiet waters of repose, while the humming
loom of time paused.

  On Sunday Shayne was home. Morn-
ings they talked together about the chil-
dren and the future, and he gossiped with
her about the works. She put week-day
worries from her and floated peacefully

  upon the wide bosom of the waters of life.
On Sunday she counted over her mercies,
as if they were a rosary of the spirit.
There would come flooding over her again
that it was a wonderful thing that they
should be so rich; that she had everything
money could buy; that her children were
growing up handsome ladies and _ gentle-
men. *

  But today discontent, like an envious
wasp, buzzed about her. She had the
sensation of one who finds a shaking quag-
mire on a familiar road.

  Her eyes fell upon the long figure of
Neill McDermott sitting in the shadow
of the pergola reading a book. His over-
coat dropped about him in odd folds like
a shawl.

  When they had been talking together,
his eyes had rested upon her with inquiry
and pity, and she withstood their disin-
tegrating gaze until as if wrenched from
her, “What are you looking at me like
that for?” she asked.

  “Because you’re such a fine, grand
woman that I’m sorry for you, leading the
life you do.”

  “Leading the life I do?” she cried.
“Haven’t I everything that money can
buy?”

  “Everything that money can buy?” he
echoed.

  “Everything the heart of a woman can
want, then?” she amended.

  “All but the bit of work for the hands
of you and the bit of gossip with a friend
to fill the heart o’ ye.”

  And although she answered scornfully,
“All but a washboard to break my back
over, and a car instead of a trolley to take
me home,” it was as if his words had
dropped poison into the cup of her content.
It was as if, with these words, he had
opened secret doors within her that she
had kept closed. She looked into the dim
room of her heart where she kept her un-
fulfilled desires, for as McDermott’s in-
terests had increased and multiplied with
the years, the work of her hands had been
taken from her until sometimes all the
use she had in the world was to be the
leisure that McDermott had not.

  “I’m sorry for you, Lucy McDermott!”
he went on. “When I am thinking that the
friend of your childhood, Katherine Dolan,
should be living two miles from you and
too proud to speak to you.”

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

  “Kate Dolan!” she cried. ‘‘How did
you learn that?”

  “ ’Tis Kale Dolan's niece from Ireland
that's working in your house, though she’s
forbid to tell you ’tis she.”

  “I’m going.to Kate,” cried Mrs. Mc-
Dermott.

  “You’re going to order your car and
sweep like a duchess to Kate Dolan, sit-
ting on her back-porch peeling vegetables
for the Sunday dinner? You’re going up
there like a great lady, are you, Lucy Mc-
Dermott? For far and wide, up and down,
they say McDermott is made of money.
And what talk will you have with Kate
Dolan?”

  Slow tears came to Lucy McDermott’s
eyes.

  “You’re speaking the truth, Neill Mc-
Dermott,” she said. “And it’s a weary
path of years that lies between me and
Kate Dolan. Neither one or the other
of us can travel over it.”

  Neill McDermott walked away. Lucy
McDermott sank back in her chair, and it
seemed to her that lonely idleness
stretched ahead of her as far as she could
look down the lane of years.

X

v kY\ THAT is it ails me?” she thought.

   VV “Yesterday ’twas Shayne; today
it’s me.”

  “Where’s Shayne?” she asked aloud.
  “Maybe lie’s with Lynn.”

  “Lynn’s out in his boat and his last day
home from school and all. It’s strange
things are today.”

  “How strange?” asked Mary.

  “I wish I knew,” she cried. “I wish I
could tell you what I mean. An’ how can
I tell you if you can’t see it for yourself?
Is it natural that each one should be off
by himself on a Sunday? Where’s the
music an’ the talking of Sunday afternoon,
Mary Deane? You sit dreaming, and

every one has gone his own way-”

  “You’re strange yourself, Lucy.”

  “I know it well, and why should I care
all of a sudden what’s become of Shayne?
That’s a f^ueer thing, too, and me married
to him all the long years. I wish Shayne
would come. When we were first mar-
ried he had a. bad, dangerous job on a
dam, and when the streams above were
swelling and the rains fell on the moun-

tains, something told me—and now I'm
uneasy—in the same way. It takes me
back. I feel as if the rains were falling
on the mountains and the streams were
swelling.”

   Mary got up.

   “I’ll go look for Shayne. I’m good at
 finding things—for you’d overlook what
 was under your nose.”

   Dennis came out of the house.

   The cloud that had been hanging over
 him had lifted. He walked along singing,
 a half-smile on his lips, so absorbed that
 he didn’t see his mother. He turned to the
 right and made across the terrace to the
 grape arbor by the servants' wing.

  Slowly Mrs. McDermott arose. She
 walked to the edge of the piazza. Through
 the leaves of the grape arbor there came a
 glimpse of pink. A wonderfully wise look
 came over her face.

   “Oho!” she said. “Oho!” She turned
 to Mary, demanding, “Did you find him?
 Where was he?”

   “Where but in his library—sitting be-
 fore his desk.”

   “Sitting before his desk in the library?
 Is the man crazy? Sitting before his desk
 of a Sunday afternoon! Is it daft he is?
 And whatever was he doing there?”

   “He was sitting with his head in his
 hands. 1 tapped on the window, and he
 didn’t hear me, and the while I looked
 he never budged. You’d best call him
 yourself, Lucy.”

   They went together to the window that
 gave on Shayne's library, and Lucy peered
 through the window. The room swam in
 shadow, and in the far end sat Shayne,
 his head in his hands, vstaring at some-
 thing.

   “Speak to him,” said Mary.

   “I can’t. I feel as if he were far off,

 *	and I feel as if my voice couldn’t carry to
 him.”

   “Why fs it that we can’t lift up our
 fists and bang them against the window?
 I ought to be calling him, for do you know
 what’s happening this minute? It’s Den-
 nis sitting in the grape arbor talking with
 the new housemaid.”

   “No!” cried Mary.

   “And do you know who the new house-
 maid is? Tis the niece of Kate Dolan
 come from Ireland, and I have shame in.
 my heart to call Dennis away like she was
 the dust under my feet. There goes

BY MARY HEATON VORSE

47
ROMANCE

Betty,” said Mary, “stealing off across the
lawn.”

  “You said the word—stealing off she is
—and her that always runs out of the
house like a brass band was playing be-
fore her and torches following after.”
“Now what can ail her? Is there an-
other one of us? You’d think the whole
lot of us had been sleeping with our faces
to the moon.”

  “And dressed in white and walking
along as if she was carrying a candle for
her first communion.”

  “Betty!” her mother called. “Betty!”
Still Betty walked on deliberately like
a stately young woman.

  “Neill,” called Mrs. McDermott, “catch
Betty for me. I have a word to speak to
her.”

  He made off after her, his thick silvery
hair blowing in the wind and his long coat
flapping about him. Betty returned and
stood before the older women, seeking their
eyes for sympathy, mutely begging them
to let her go.

  “Where are you off to so quietly?” her
mother asked.

-	“I was just meeting some one.”

  “And since when are you meeting your
friends outside the house, like your mother
lived in a tenement? And what’s the mat-
ter with you that you’re impatient?”

  “I’ll tell you what’s the matter,” cried
Betty. “I’m going to meet the man I’m
to marry.”

  “You’re what?” cried her mother.

  “I’m going to meet the man I’m engaged
to!” said Betty.

  Though she stood quivering, as she
awaited the assault of her mother’s anger,
she had the secret and happy look of one
to whom the meaning of life had been dis-
closed. She had been a hard green bud.
She had become an unfolding flower.

  “And who might it be that you’re to
marry?”

  “It’s Lawrence.”

  “Lawrence?” cried her mother. “Law-
rence! A long-legged boy and him no
more in his head than a red balloon on a
string!” She tossed her hands in the air.
“Let me hear no more of this talking.
You can go and meet your Lawrence, but
you can take along your aunt and tell him
that you’re not going to see him again
until the nonsense is out of your head.”
The»e was no gainsaying her. She drove

them before her on the mighty tide of her
indignation.

  “Oh, what is it that has come over all
of us?” her heart cried out.

  And here it was that Lynn stormed up
on the piazza and threw his arms around
his mother and buried his head upon her
bosom, nuzzling into it with a gesture
that she had not seen since he had been a
baby.

  And at this unwonted outburst the hid-
den bell of her spirit again tolled warning.

XI

THEY walked along slowly as if in a
funeral procession, Neill and Mary
behind and Betty before them. Betty’s
head was bowed. Her happiness had
slipped from her, as if it had been a gar-
ment.

  “Do you think it is right, Mary Deane?”
said Neill, “to chide flowers for blooming?
Is it for us to say to a rose ‘you have
bloomed too soon?’ Mary Deane, flowers
and hearts bloom at the moment God set
for them. Flowers and hearts are beyond
human bidding, though there’s a way to
stop flowers from blooming—a cruel, bitter
way there is to stop them. The cold and
dark stops them. The cold and dark
withers the bloom of them.”

  “Stop!” said Mary Deane. “Stop,
Neill McDermott! Blooming and marry-
ing is two different things.”

  “Loving and blooming isn’t so different.
The love of her heart lay sleeping. Her
heart was a gray chrysalis and then there
burst forth from it a butterfly. There was
a shimmer of gold on its wings. And do
you know what Lucy McDermott has bid
you do, Mary Deane? She bid you go
catch the butterfly in your two clumsy
hands and put it back where it came from.
W’hat happens to a butterfly that one would
try to force back into its cast-off shell?”

  “It would die,” said Mary Deane.

  “And so it would. What is it ails older
women? Is it that they are jealous of
young things who would be loving each
other, and what is the crime that Lawrence
has committed?”

  “He’s too young to marry,” said Mary,
wringing her hands in despair.

  “And since when is youth a crime?
Since when must we murder love to punish -
youth for loving? They must be awful

48

THE DREAM KILLERS
R o M A N C E

folks—Lawrence’s folks—murderers and
thieves, I’m thinkin’, they must be.”
“Indeed not,” said Mary. “They’re
decent, honest folks.”

  “Well, the boy, then. Is it lackin’ he
is, maybe?”

  “There’s nothing the matter with him,”
said Mary Deane. “He’s a big lump of a
boy of twenty and only half through his
college. All I can tell you is that he’s a tall
young boy, like another, no more fit to be
married than a young robin with a long
neck and round eyes looking over the side
of its nest.”'

  “Well, I’ll tell you a thing or two about
him,” said Neill. “He’s got the heart of a
man beating inside him, and he’s looked
out into the wide world and seen the
woman of his heart and he loves her, and,
maybe, Mary Deane, he’ll never love a
woman again with the same beauty and
strength. There’s a purity in the heart
of a boy that’s as great as the purity of
a girl’s heart, and what is there more beau-
tiful than two young things unfolding their
hearts in the sunshine together? Why,
Mary Deane, it’s that distinguishes us
from the beasts; it’s that that’s made us
man; it’s that that’s made us love God.
It’s the fair love of man and maid the
poets of the ages have sung of. Are we to
read about it only in the books that people
write, and when we see it come to us, are
we to destroy it?”

  Betty had dropped back and was walk-
ing beside them, her head still bent.

  “Look at her now,” said Neill, “as if a
mourning veil was drawn over her. And
what is it the two of you want her to be
waitin’ for? You needn’t answer me,
Mary Deane, for I know the reasons. I
know all the little reasons, prudent they
are and wise, in a worldly way they are;
but there is no divinity to them.”

  “Oh, what can I do? What'can I do?”
cried Mary Deane.

  “Let the two of them talk awhile, and
turn your back on them, and let the two
of them decide what it is they want to be
after doin’. Think of your own life, Mary
Deane, and turn your head away while
the two are talking together a bit. It isn’t
much to ask of you. There’s memories in
your eyes. What would your life have
been had you married your first love? Sor-
row and stress and love and life, the stream
of it would have poured over you and

swept you with it. And how old was
Lucy when she married Shayne McDer-
mott, and they without a cent between
them? Is it mad-crazy we are to try to
keep the men and women of tomorrow
babies for so long?”

“And what affair is it of yours?” she
cried. “And what’s Betty’s love to you?”
“Nothing,” he said, and his eyes on the
ground. “It’s only I hate to see beauty
murdered before my eye§.”

  Betty looked at Neill. Hope was gleam-
ing in her eyes, and resolve.

  “What is to prevent the two of you
takin’ a script and goin’ trampin’ down the
face of the world together? And what do
you fear? No, Mary Deane, let them
make up their minds between the two of
them. When you’ve lived as long as me,
you get to know that there’s but few things
that count in the world, and to satisfy the
sweet fresh love of your heart in the dawn
of your youth, is one of them.”

XII

THE TWO young people stood at a
distance together, and Neill and
Mary Deane watched them. They seemed
to have stepped into the heart of youth,
and presently Mary Deane found that she
had tears in her eyes.

  “Mary,” said Neill, “Mary, what’s this
has happened to my heart? Why is it
that the face of you has kept so sweet and
that you looked to me like a girl as you
came through the rose-garden so that it
was Shayne’s daughter that I thought you
was?”

  “I don’t know,” she said. “I can’t tell
you, Neill McDermott.”

  “Mary, when you looked on me, was it
like you was cornin’ home to me?”

  “Yes, Neill, the strange face of you
wasn’t strange to me at all. My heart
leaped up, and I said to myself, ‘There
he is.’ ”

  “Why do you suppose I’ve been walking
up and down the earth, Mary? Why do
you suppose I walked up and down and
could never stop—all the years, all the
weary years—and I could find rest no-
wheres but in the heart of you, Mary
Deane, and in the blue eyes of you I
found rest.

  “It’s many and many a year that I put
woman’s face out of my heart. There was

BY MARY HEATON VORSE
_ R o M A N C E

a curtain in my heart-where the face of a
woman would rightly be, and all the time
it was your face behind it.”

  “The eyes of all the men I’ve seen, they
seemed dull to me; and in my sleep I think
I’ve dreamed of eyes that was like pale
flames.”	^

  “Mary Deane, I can’t stay longer in
your house, but I can’t go alone. Will you
come with me, Mary Deane? Will you
walk down the windy ways with me? Will
you put your hand in mine and lead your
life with me? Tonight when they’re quiet,
I’ll slip out, for it would break my heart
to say good-by. Go with me tonight, for
the two of us have waited long enough for
each other, and since I can’t stay, you
must come.”

XIII

THEY came up the path through the
garden together, and their eyes fell
on Lucy McDermott sitting quiet and re-
doubtable, the dying light of the day turn-
ing her face to crimson. There was a
menace in her immobility. She sat there
as if she were a statue of the everlasting.
One could imagine the house crumbling
and the gardens whelmed by the wilder-
ness, and yet she would remain unde-
stroyed.

  “I’m afraid of her,” said Mary Deane,
“and what's she going to say to us? Oh,
it is the fool she’s going to think me.”
“You will tell her nothing,” said Neill.
“And why should you be afraid of her,
Mary? Sure she is your own sister and
ten years older than yourself and fifty
pounds heavier.”

  “I know all that, but yet I’m afraid.
You make my heart beat and the tears
stand in my eyes, and they can’t fall be-
cause of the song in my heart. But when
I look at her, I feel as if all this might
vanish like the down on the moth’s
wing.”

  “It’s true, Mary Deane, what you say.
The beautiful patterns of men’s spirits are
dust in the hands of those who want
things, and how can you give to the
blinded eyes the vision of a far-llung
dream? So, don’t yoi\. be fearing Lucy
McDermott, for ’tis nothing but Shayne
McDermott’s old sweetheart she is, buried
up in pounds of fat.”

“She’s more than that. She’s a strong

grand woman and one that has loved and
learned much by living,” said Mary.

  “That I grant you, but she is a good
woman and an old woman and a fat
woman. So don’t be grievin’ that you
have gone against her and that Betty is
cornin’ back with a song in her heart in-
stead of with tears in her eyes. For there
is little lovin’ there is goin’ to be in the
world for the next few years, and all the
fair, brave boys lying dead with their
white faces turned to the sky and the
blood dripping from their hearts. Love in
these days is as precious as bread. We
haven’t it to waste and squander like we
used to.”

  “You put sweet poison into my heart,”
said Mary. “Why don’t you be droppin’
some poison into the heart of Lucy her-
self? You should be throwin’ some star-
dust into the eyes of her, too, Neill, the
way she’ll be saying, ‘God speed’ to Betty,
and the way I won’t be afraid to lilt my
eyes to her, for fear she will think me an
old fool.”

  At that Neill turned his head away.

  “And what is the matter?” asked Mary
Deane.

  “I look at her and of a sudden the power
goes out of me. There she sits. You can
unroot the heart of her as little as you can
unroot the heart of youth, and I feel, Mary
Deane, as if the words of me would be as
idle as a handful of sand thrown by a lad
against the walls of a city.”

XIV

k v Y\ 7’HATEVER have you been so
W long for?” called Lucy McDer-
mott. “I’ve been waiting for Shayne, and
all the time you have been gone he’s been
a glommering and a glooming, and what-
ever at all is it he has been lookin’ at? So
you go call him, Neill, and bring him here,
for it’s as if the minds of the whole lot
of you is as mussed up as beds slept in by
uneasy dreamers, and before the night
falls it’s me has got to straighten them
out again.”

  As Neill made off she glanced up at
Mary, and Mary turned away her head.

  “I’m goin’ daft,” she thought to herself,
“or else Mary lias got a queer look to her,
too.”

  “Wherever have you been at, Shayne,”

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

£ LTL

she called to her husband, “for lye been
waitin’ for you to get Dennis for me.”

  “And what is it ails Dennis?” asked
Shayne.

  “He’s talkin’ and whisperin’ to the new
housemaid under the leaves of the grape
arbor over at the farmer’s.”

  “And the new housemaid,” said Neill,
“is the niece of Kate Dolan that was!”
Shayne was silent a moment and then
said he: “And what’s the matter with that?
Isn’t she the kind of a girl to be helpin’
Denny along, and aren’t we on the wrong
road at all, Lucy, that we should all be
playin’ at fine ladies and gentlemen?”

   “Is it daft you are that you call a right-
about-face to your oldest son! You’ve
been dazzled by the talk of Neill McDer-
mott. Dreams in her heart! Visions in
her eyes! A pretty face and a few tinkling
words, and the reason of men is upset!
I know the kind of dreams that nest in the
hearts of blue-eyed hussies! She can’t
see the good brown eyes of my Denny for
the golden dollars that are flying about in
the air about his head!”

  “Lucy McDermott!” cried Neill. “Why
should you think you knew better than me
about it, when you never have talked a
word with the child?”

  “And why should you think,” asked
Shayne, ‘‘that dollars would make a maid
blind to the man behind them?”

  “Why,” said Mary Deane, “should you
be too proud to have your son marry the
likes of yourself? You might take the
pains to find out what at all she’s like.”
“And I’m not afraid to do that,” cried
Lucy McDermott. “Call her in and see
which of us is right or wrong. Tell her to
unlatch the door of her heart, and then let
the dreams that’s in it come fluttering out
like birds, if they will.”

  So in a moment they had sent for her,
and in a moment Lucy McDermott had
engaged her in talk. She spoke to her of
Kate Dolan, her aunt, and of the old days.

  “And for a long time,” Lucy McDer-
mott said, “when I got to this country I
couldn’t believe it was true at all and
that it wasn’t that I was dreaming and
would find myself in the old country
again.”

“And did you think thoughts like that?”
said die new housemaid. “And so do I!”
“It’s strange to have your dreams come
true, and many a thing can come true in

this country,” said Lucy McDermott.
“And suppose you could have your dreams
come true, what would you wish?”

  They were all silent while she thought.
She looked as if visions were in her heart.
At last she spoke.

  “I would like to be the picture of you
all!” she said.1 “It’s like livin’ in my
dream to live here—a big house and nothin’
to do and servants to wait on me and a fine
big motor car to draw up when I do be
ringing the bell!”

XV

NIGHT had come. The sitting-room
was veiled in dusk, and the comfort-
able chairs and the tables seemed Like a
congerie of squat animals. The weather
changed suddenly, as if September had been
elbowed out by late October, and the re-
mains of a fire glowed like a watchful red
eye on the hearth. In front of this fire
paced Lucy McDermott. She walked up
and down like some clumsy pendulum. Up
and down she paced, as if it would help her
to solve the enigma that life had presented
her.

  The door opened softly, and Neill Mc-
Dermott came in the room, padding along
as he did in the house, like a suspicious
animal, as if his nostrils were aquiver with
the scent of danger, as if his eyes were
ever on the alert for a trap.

  At the sight of him, Lucy McDermott
checked herself and stood quiet and ac-
cusing beside the wide fireplace. Silence
formed a dark pool between them. It
deepened and became formidable — a
silence that would take courage to break.
It was a silence that defined their posi-
tions to each other. They became accuser
and accused without a word being spoken.
It became a contest of wills, something
which searched the characters of both of
them:

  Neill tried to speak, but his words had
winged from him. The stifling darkness
had put its hand over his mouth, and the
grave eyes of Lucy put.cold in his heart.
He knew that when she was ready she
would speak to him and he dreaded her
speech, and yet he dreaded the silence
more. She stood-there, a great clumsy
woman, quiet, the look of her eyes weighted
with reproach. She spoke, and her voice
came to his ears like the whispering of a
breeze in the branches of a tree.

5*

BY MARY HEATON VORSE
ROMANCE

  “What for, Neill McDermott, did you
wish to pluck the life of us apart? What
pleasure was it to you to put strife in the
hearts of happy people? Was it envy in
your heart that you must root up our
lives? When you came you told Shayne
that he had all of the things that you had
not. Was it envy took you by the throat,
Neill McDermott, that you tried to rob
Shayne of his treasure, that you tried to
rob Shayne and me of the fruit of our
long years of toil?”

  “I took nothing from you,” said Neill.
The warm anger of her heart flamed up.
“You thought to turn our children’s feet
to the flinty paths that lead from us, Neill
McDermott. You thought to do it, but
I’m stronger than you, and though I could
not make the winds of heaven stop to
listen to me like yourself, I’m stronger than
you.”

  “I thought only to send them away on
the adventure of their hearts,” said Neill.
She flung back her head.

  “They’re not going! They’re not going!
When Lynn put his head on my shoulder
tonight and kissed me as if he was a baby,
‘Something’s wrong,’ I said to myself.
And what with one way and another I
found out what was in the heart of him;
and when my Betty came home walking
like she was keepin’ time to some music
she couldn’t hear, thinks I to myself,
'foolishness isn’t yet dead in her.’ ”

  “What have you done to them,” asked
Neill, “and however is it you have got
around them?”

  “Through the love of their hearts the
feet of them was turned back to me,” she
cried at him in triumph. “They are to
wait, and while they’re waitin' the silly
ideas die out of the heads of them.”

  “And while they’re waitin’,” said Neill,
“the dreams will fade from their eyes.”
“Dreams!” she cried. “What good at
all could have come of it, sendin’ Lynn
out to be killed—sendin’ out Betty to
begin bein’ a woman and herself with
hardly a glimpse yet of girlhood? And
what does a poor old homeless tramp that's
never known roof over his head, that's
never known the warm arms of his child
around his neck, know-about the patient
ways of women with children? You’ve not
reaped nor sown, sown nor reaped, Neill
McDermott. You never planted and
watched the green things sproutin’.

Dreams and windy words is all that you
have. You can’t feed the world with
dreams, nor warm it with words, and you
scorn the patient, fruitful ways of those
who planted and reaped and tended the
beasts.”

  “And what have you got out of it your-
self?” said Neill. “Nothing. What does
the future hold for you, Lucy McDermott?
You’ve got only the past.”

  Again red anger leaped up in Lucy Mc-
Dermott.

  “Spare your words, for you can spin no
web of discontent about me. Why should
you come among us, disturbing us? What
have you better to give than what we’ve
got? What’s better than this fine house
and all the bills paid and the children
beginning where we left off? What’s all
your purpling seas and your high heavens
to that?”

  “All you say is true,” he answered. As
she talked the strength had come back to
Neill. “You say I am an old tramp and
there’s no use nor place for me in the
world, and now I will tell you, Lucy Mc-
Dermott, what you are. You are the
Dream Killer. You’re so afraid for the
perishable bodies of your children that you
don’t care what becomes of their lofty
visions.”

  “I care what becomes of themselves,”
she cried.

  “All young things dream of love and
glory, and you’ve murdered the bright
dreams of them so you can see the bodies
of them walking around safe and sound
and drugged with food and sleep. ’Tis a
Dream Killer you are, Lucy McDermott,
and you can’t help yourself because you
are a mother. The mothers of the earth
give birth to young things only to" destroy
the dreams of them. You’d like your chil-
dren to live the life of your empty easeful
old age. Mothers—dream killers! Youth’s
got a right to have love and ta the strug-
gles of life. What for did you kill their
dreams only that you should be sleeping
sound in your bed at night?

  “Do you know what’s ruled the world
of men over the ages? Words, thoughts,
dreams! Men die for them—men die for
them in torture, Lucy McDermott. For
little thoughts the men of the world go
forth and leave security and home and
love. So maybe the thoughts of my heart
are stronger and more real than all the

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

things that you and' McDermott have
heaped together in the years of your life.

  “It’s great and powerful you are, Lucy
McDermott, though you’ll never follow
the Northern Lights shimmering over the
edge of the sea, and you'll never float down
the southern seas where the stars drip
like gold into the tides. And all that you
love you’ll keep from going forth to seek
such things, and there’s a lot of love in
your heart that no man can deny. So let's
part in peace before I harm you more, for
what’s truth to me is poison to you. The
water of life for you is the black waters
of stagnation for me. Let’s part in peace,
for I’ll never see your face again.”
“Good-by for a while,” said Lucy Mc-
Dermott.

  “Good-by for a while? What’s the
meaning of that?”

  “The meaning is you'll be coming back
to us, Neill McDermott. You know
where the kind hand is and the warm
hearth biding for you, and when you’re
cold and lonely, the bright eyes of the
window of this house will beckon to you.
For home this is to you, and home draws
back to it the feet of wandering men. The
warm place and the kind hand of their
own calls them, and the bite and sup.”
“You’d give me that yourself for all the
harm I’ve done you?”

  “And why wouldn’t I? And aren’t you
my own flesh and blood? Would I be
turning away a poor lonely old man from
my fireside and with no worse fault than
a mischievous tongue?”

  “You speak the truth, and I know you
do. You’d never turn me away because
of the great mother’s heart within you—•
the great and terrible mother’s heart that
you have. You’re more fearsome than
armies, Lucy McDermott. I love you, and
I fear you, Lucy McDermott. I am going
to leave you and forget about the house
o’ ye. But I see you’re troubled, and to
show you I’ve no hard feeling for all the
things you said and because I love you
though I fear you, I’ll go in and make
talk with Shayne, and, one pretext or an-
other, I’ll find out whatever ’tis is keep-
ing him.”

XVI

E RETURNED with his thin face
alight with smiles.

“Now, Lucy McDermott,” he said, “I

tried to do kindness to all in the house,
and it seemed unkindness to you; and now
at last, before I go, you see I did no un-
kindness to you at all. The words of me
woke memories in the heart of Shayne; it
awoke the love of the past in him, Lucy
McDermott.”

  “What do you ,mean?”

  “It was looking at your picture, he was.
It was this picture; it was your own pic-
ture. All the time you’ve been wondering.
Shayne McDermott’s been sitting and
staring into your own face!”

  He held out to her a little card on
which was the face of a girl that looked
like a flower. The face was heart shaped,
the chin cleft, and the fair hair grew in
a silvery widow’s peak.

  “It was a lovely child you was and fine
grown woman you are.” And here the
words froze on Neill’s lips, for the fresh
color faded out from Lucy’s face and left
it ashy, and the grief of hopelessness over-
spread it. It was as if she crumbled down
before him; it was as if the spirit of her
was broken, and she clenched her fists as
she rocked backward and forward in her
despair and grief.

  “Wo! Wo the day!” she cried. “And
the very day that my children would have
walked out of the doors of the house away
from me that should I loose the love of
the husband of my heart! O Shayne, is
the heart of you turned so far from me
to be loving me no longer, and loving the
thing I used to be! Wo the day! What
awful thing was it that you should go
wandering off down the years? Why
should I lose you, Shayne, that’s been true
and loved me so close and so fast that I
didn’t know where my own heart stopped
and the heart of you began?”

  “What has come to you?” cried Neill.
“What is over you at all? And whatever
is it that ails women? You were swift
and able and unafraid to fight for your
children, and now because your husband
spends a day looking at your own picture,
grief and distractions tramps through your
life. What ails you? It’s your picture
he’s looking at. Is it that you don’t know
your own face?”

  But Lucy McDermott rocked back and
forth.

  “Oh! If it had been the face of an-
other! And there’s times when the hearts
of men go out of their house like wander-

BY MARY HEATON VORSE

53
ROMANCE

ing birds, and like birds they come back.
But what hope is there for the woman
whose man loves the woman she was once?
The heart of him is buried in a tomb, and
I am no better for him and no worse
to him than was I a sepulcher. For I
am a sepulcher of the, youth of Lucy
Deane. And what unchahcy fate has hap-
pened to me to have my own face come
out from the days that was to take my own
husband from me? And why couldn’t it
have been that his heart should have been
turned to a strange woman, the way I
could be winning him back?”

  So she rocked, and Neill stood humbled
and helpless with the little picture in his
hand, and suddenly, like the sun coming
out after a storm, she straightened herself
up and struck the table with her clenched
fists.

  “Let me tell him, Neill McDermott, I’ll
not be downed by that hussy! For what-
ever it was that Lucy Deane could do for
Shayne, I could do a thousand times better
than her. I’m a better woman than her,
and there’s no shadows from the past that
can take me from Shayne, for I’m the
mother of his children and the wife of
his youth and age, all in one. And say
good-by to me, Neill, for I’m going to
wash the tears from my eyes. Say good-
by, Neill McDermott, if it’s going you
are.”

  “Good-by,” he called. “You strong
woman, for you are stronger than
your children, and you’re stronger than
your own youth, and the love of you is
stronger than first love.”

XVII

XTEILL McDERMOTT sat looking
INI after her.

  “What am I waiting for?” he thought.
“And why should I bide here longer? God
help me,” he thought. “I’m waiting here
for Mary Deane, with her sweet face and
her trusting heart.”

  At this he poured himself a glass from
the decanter at hand and sank down before
the fire.

  “Who am I,” he thought, “that I should
put my hand in the lives of others? And
what arrogance was in my mind that I
thought to uproot the work of Lucy Mc-
Dermott’s heart? And what right at all
have I to call her a Dream Killer? For

who can tell whose dream is true? I
thought to open their windows to the
width of the heavens, and I but slipped
the poison of doubt in their hearts. She
said I was casting envious eyes. Who
knows? Perhaps in the black heart of me,
envy was crawling, for often it is that pity
is envy’s cloak. And who am I?”

  He stared into the fire. It seemed to
him that the menace of cheerless old age
crept around him.

  “Who was I to call to the late youth in
Mary Deane’s heart that brings tears to
my eyes like the violets of Fall? There’s
cold mists hanging over the flinty roads of
the world. Who was I that should think
that the gentle fire of her eyes was for
me, an old man, making bold with the
lives of others as God Almighty would
shrink from? I sit here and wait with
the ashes of the years about me. For
what have I to do with women at all?
For women and hearth-fires belong to-
gether.

  “Four walls and a roof! I needn’t have
feared you. There’s naught I need fear
except the warm eye of your fire and the
devouring flame that lives in the hearts of
women.

  “And now I’ll be goir-; forth empty for-
ever, and me that’s begged for nothing
must go back forever a beggar for a kind
and a warm place. I thought my words
like a trumpet before the walls of Jericho.
I thought my words were strong, but in
the fire of Lucy McDermott’s heart the
words of me have been shriveled and con-
sumed and gone spiring up into heaven in
the smoke of shame.

  “And dreams? What are they in the
face of the living truth? And who will
look for the drift of star-dust while his
body shivers and there’s a fire to warm
him? Hearth-fires and the warm hearts of
women are more powerful than the wild
dreams of men’s hearts!”

  Then as he sat there with the wreckage
of his dreams about him, McDermott
drank deep and oblivion engulfed him.

XVIII

AS HE lay there sleeping, Mary Deane
stole in. Her heart beat, for the
youth of it had been buried under the drift
of years. She advanced as if a tip-toe
for flight; and since Neill did not move,

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

since he did not speak, she became bolder.
So by slow degrees she came to where he
lay slouched and relaxed in his chair, his
long hands hanging beside him, his head
on his chest, the silver mane of his hair
disordered, shining like silver in the light
of the fire. And then, as if the fire were
his enemy, it blazed up, and she saw him
a poor tired tramp, and the youth in her
heart withered.

  So she stood there a moment, and then,
as she would have gone, he started and
awoke and peered at her.

  “I know why you came,” he said. “ ’Tis
to bid me good-by.”

  They stared at each other, and at last
Mary spoke.

  “And what’s come to you, McDermott,
and what’s happened to you since we
walked in the garden?”

  “Destruction’s come to me, Mary Deane.
I saw the face of me reflected in Lucy
McDermott’s heart, and the greatest de-
spair of all came to me—the one despair of
man that forever and ever he must go
chained and living with himself through
the years. An old man I saw, and he
was lonely, and his days were empty.”
The tears sprinkled the face of Mary
Deane so she could not speak. She stood
beside the mantlepiece, resting her head
upon her arms, and sobbed.

  “0 Mary,” he cried, “Mary beloved,
don’t mind my words. The heart of me’s
sore, and I’m going off into the night. I’m
only a spinner of dreams that I can’t make
come true. I spun you a golden web and
thought to catch your heart in it, but I’ve
no place to keep a heart at all. Who was
I to think of you, darlin’? And let me
go now, for love that is watered with
tears grows strong like plants that’s wa-
tered with rain, so let me go quick. For
I love you, my dear, I love you like a
star.”

  “Let’s tell the truth to each other, Neill
McDermott,” said Mary, wiping the tears
from her eyes. “Let’s tell the truth to each
other. It’s the nature of man to leave
woman but for one reason.”

  “And what may that be?” asked Neill.
“That he don’t want her,” said Mary,
turning away.	/

  “What is it,” he said, “that’s come over
me? Are you and Lucy McDermott the
same, and is there no difference in women?
You ask, Mary Deane, for the truth be-

tween us. Now tell me the truth. Where
was it you thought you were going—down
the ways of the world—to forget the bed
that you slept in and not know where to-
night’s bed may be? What did you see
at the end of the windy roadways of the
world? I know what you thought, Mary
Deane. Roads lead past houses. I walk,
you thought, in fair Autumn weather, and
the asters purpling the waysides and star-
ring the fields. You wasn’t coming with
me, Mary, I was to go with you.”

  “And what if I was?” cried Mary Deane.
“What’s the harm in that, Neill McDer-
mott—a house by the road and the door
of it open? What was there wrong if I
saw a house of our own? And you—when
you asked me—was it thinking we’d be
sleeping all our old age by the clamorous
tides with the salt in our hair?”

  “You have me entrapped,” he cried.
“I’ve seen my own face, and I know I
am old, and I nod asleep over a fire. And
you’ve seen me as I am, and you’ll go
with me yet?

  “It’s traveling with light luggage we’ll
be, down the path of life,” he said after a
while.

  “And how’s that?” she asked.

  “We have left our illusions behind; we
know why we are going together. The
cold wind of lonely age blew us into the
arms of each other, and the touch of each
other was warm. Do you hold close to me,
Mary, the way I’ll not run from you to be
lying with my face to the stars. And now
there’s no use of our flying off into the
unchancy night.”

  She put her hand in his, turning her face
from him.

  “We’ll be goin’ back to our rooms,
then?” asked Mary.

  “What else, Mary darlin’?” Neill asked.
“We’ve thrown overboard the heavy weight
of our illusions, and we love each other yet,
so there’ll always be tomorrow waitin’
for us.”

XIX

THE RED eye of the fire watched over
the room, and then slowly a door
opened and then another. Shayne’s voice
spoke.

  “Neill,” he said, “is it you moving?”

  “No, ’tis me.”

  “It’s you, Lucy, is it? I thought I
heard voices.”

BY MARY HEATON VORSE
ROMANCE

  “I thought it myself.”

  “Why, Lucy, what ails you? Now that
my hands touch you, you’re cold; you’re
cold and shaking. What is it that you’re
up so late?”

  “There’s 110 rest or peace in the house
tonight.”

  “You're right, the house is restless. I
thought I heard voices, and then I thought
I heard the quiet shutting of a door.”
“They’re all in their rooms,” said Lucy
McDermott.

  “Maybe it’s Neill.”

  “O Shayne, Shayne, I’m afraid of Neill!
’Tis the unrest of the west wind that comes
with his words.”

  “It’s come from his wandering ways,”
said Shayne, “for he’s walked far, and
many’s the sight he’s seen on the road,
and the lives of home-staying bodies do
seem pinched, for he flings the earth out
before you like it was a green banner,
barred with the blue of the rolling rivers.
The singing words of him upset the lot
of us.”

  “Not me,” cried Lucy McDermott, “not
me, except that I saw the lot of you sifting
between my fingers like the sands of the
sea. I saw myself a lonely old woman.”
“There’s many a year between you and
age, Lucy, and now put the shaking and
shivering from you, for nothing at all has
happened.”

  “Everything’s happened!” she cried.
“Do you call it that nothing’s happened
that Lynn should be trying to leave me
and that Dennis should take up with Kate
Dolan’s niece and that Betty should turn
into a fly-by-night? Is that nothing,
then?”

  “But you stopped them all,” said
Shayne.

  “You said the right word, I’ve stopped
them. And where was you, Shayne Mc-
Dermott, who should have been helping
me,” she said, turning on him in anger,
“and what was you doing? Your children
could melt away like ice in the sun, and
nothing would uproot you.”

  “What was I doing?” Shayne put his
hands on her shoulders. “I couldn’t drown
the memories of the old years. They came
walking restless about me, whispering
stories of the past in my ears. I got to
dreaming of the early days, the fights and
struggles and the loving. The days of the
past went whizzing past me like trees past

OMZ^aiED

a train, and I couldn’t hear the present for
the noise of the past in my ears. It was
a daft-like day for all of us, but it’s over
now. We'll live to laugh at it yet, Lucy,
me sitting and staring at your picture.
What was it happened to us all—what
came across the path of us? It’s a parcel
of queer thoughts, like the driving of
Autumn leaves on the storm that’s torn
through my mind-today, and I’m tired.
Come now, we’ll be going to bed.”

  “Go on, then,” she said. “Go to bed
and rest. I’ll stay here a while. I’ll
just stay here and look into the fire until
I get sleepy again. You and your past,
and Lynn and his gun, and Betty and
Dennis, the whole pack of you and the
troubles of all of you have upset the quiet
of me, and I’d like to be sitting and think-
ing a while. You’re no good to me at all
tonight, Shayne McDermott, for singly
you’ve let me battle today, maundering
over an old faded picture of me.”

  He looked at her wistfully, and his love
went out to her, for he felt her heart was
laden with sorrow and doubt.

  “I’m spent for sleep,” was all he said.

XX

    I ’HERE’S the difference between
1 us,” she thought. “They can sleep
when they’re tired and when we’re tired,
we can’t. He says nothing’s changed.
Will anything ever be the same again, I’m
wondering? What have I done today—
what have I done? Have I sealed Lynn’s
ears from the call to glory; have I with-
ered up the love in Betty’s heart, and who
should judge a maid from the silly, twit-
tering words of her mouth? And was
Dennis right, then, and me snatching the
cup from his lips from which he might
drink?

  “Dream Killer! Who knows if I’m right,
and can I never be sure again, and why
was it that Shayne’s eyes turned back to
the past? Was it to tell me that Neill
was right and all this is illusion and that
I have but grown old in vanity? Posses-
sions and life—you can not have both.
What, he asked, was the work of my
hands? Withered hearts, frosting the
hearts of my children with unfulfilled de-
sires. . . Shayne. he sat and thought of
the days of struggle—dead and difficult
days when the bodies of us were drenched

56

THE DREAM KILLERS
ROMANCE

in sweat. ‘Nothing's changed,’ he says.
The walls of my house are dust about me.
Where’s my content of yesterday when I
walked a sure road? l*'or I’ve strayed into
the mire of doubt. Oh, can it be that the
tender heart of me has been the grave of
their joy?”

  The door opened again, and Lucy Mc-
Dermott, sitting in the quiet in her chair,
didn’t move, and the footfalls were soft
as the dropping of petals. They went to
the window, and the window opened.

  It was Betty. She stood there in the
moonlight, and it seemed to her mother that
she was slender and shining like the new
moon itself.

  “Lawrence,” her voice came, “are you
there?”

  “Yes. Are you coming, Betty?”

  “Yes,” she answered, “yes, with you
going away to the war—and the old ones
can’t understand. Yes. I’m coming with
you. They'll understand by and by.
Once we’re married, they’ll know we’re
grown up.”

  Betty went to the door: she opened it so
quietly that it made no sound, and Lucy
McDermott didn’t stir, for there had been

beauty in Betty’s voice, and love, and it
seemed to her that she had heard Lucy
Deane speaking to Shayne McDermott,
and she knew that when she was young
she, too, must have gone, if the old
ones hadn’t understood.

  “Dream Killer,” she thought. “No, not
this time,” when the instinct of the heart
surged up and she would have run after
Betty. "No, not this time!” she thought.
“What did he say? ‘Love’s as precious as
bread.’

  “Dream Killers,” she thought. “Dream
spinners, what have old folks to do with
all that? Youth and the love in youth’s
heart is the strongest.”

  So she sat there very quiet, and then
her eyes fell on a dim card on the floor,
and she picked it up and looked into her
own face, heart-shaped with a cleft in the
chin; then from deep within her the bitter
tears welled up and overflowed from her
eyes.

  “Oh, Lucy Deane,” she thought, “Lucy
Deane, could I be you for one dear hour!
Could I be but you, Lucy Deane! Could
I have just one hour of the perilous sweet-
ness of youth with Shayne McDermott
beside me.”

 Waste Places

 THE Yucca turns her golden goblets down,
 Drained to their biller dregs;

 A lizard—slender, sinuous—scales the mound
 On furtive, darting legs.

 The harsh, wild grass upon the rocks is old—
 Old as its bitter death.

 In all this barren, desert land
 There is no breath.

 . Yet somewhere there is cool, dark shade, God
       knows,

 And mountain streams where sparkling water
       flows.

 The high, exultant sun drips molten gold
 Upon the mesa’s face.

 Above a yellow trail black buzzards hold
 Their wide-winged waiting-place.

 A spotted coil slides from the rocks—and down
 Beside the fringed mesquite,

 And over all this barren waste—

 The white-hot heat.

 Yet somewhere there is rain along a shore
 And white surf sweeping inward evermore.

                             Gracc Noll Crowell

57
King Richard

BY JACK HINES

GALEN and Fink, probably two of
the best known and feared of the
Alaskan dog-men, had come to the
parting of the ways. That is, after
five years of inseparable friendship—ex-
cept when their devices necessitated trail
excursions that left a temporary rift in
their association—these two stood on the
Nome beach and gripped, one to the other,
a silent farewell.

  But until that final moment, had been
put off, evaded, ducked and otherwse side-
tracked a subject that Galen seemed to
need more st'rength to broach than he or-
dinarily required in disarming a trail stick-
up man who may have caught Jimmy foul
when he was known to have much gold
about him—which had not infrequently
occurred.

  “Albert,” Galen got that far. Fink
knew what was coming and being a crafty
man-angler let his old pal choke without
an interrupting syllable. “It’s about old
Dick—” Fink knew it was—“ever since
the boys got wise that I was making an
exit, for God-only-knows how long—well,
let’s see how they looked in ledger lan-
guage—Scotty Allan right smack up and
says, five hundred. Bill Bunger says he’s
only got two twenty-five, but he’ll give me
that. Kegstadt says ‘a lousand’ which
means no more to him than a quarter.
‘Sport’ Smith says, five hundred and ten—
he was Jerry to Scotty’s bid, I think.
‘Mort’ Atkinson, the dago, says he’ll keep
him for me and that if I’m gone two years
•it will cost him about sixty a year to feed
him. The dago says he’ll do me this favor.
Jake Berger says, it’s taking his heart’s

blood, but if I was his own mother he
wouldn’t give me a cent more than sixty-
five dollars.

  "Well, I could name all the punchers
from Leland to Corbersier. Oh yes, old
•Till’ Price—Till' says he’ll give me two-
fifty, if I’ll take his note for four years.
Well anyway, you can see Dick is in de-
mand. But, old pal, I’m giving him to
you—no, by God, I’m not—I beg his par-
don—I’m lending him to you!”

  Fink still keeps quiet. But what a look
flashed from his eyes! He was born in
Kentucky and surely throws back to some
black-eyed Cherokee that used to roam
around Jefferson County.

  “It’s needless to ask you to take good
care of the old battler.”

  Now Fink speaks, and, would you be-
lieve it, tears are flowing from those dark
Indian eyes. There’s something stronger
and more indissoluble than steel bands
that grows between men in this country.
I’ve never known an Alaskan to fail his
pal when it came to a pinch.

  “All right, Jimmy,” Fink says, “I’ll take
care of old Dick, you can bet on that. I’ll
keep him tied up all the time he's in with

my dogs and-”

  “Hold on, Albert. You won’t have to
keep him tied up. Just turn him loose
among them, he’ll be all right.”

-	“Turn him loose! Why, Jimmy, my
dogs’ll kill him before you’re oast Sledge
Island.”

  “Well,, if they do it won’t be any fault
of yours—or his.” Galen added with a
grin.

  “Why, man, you don’t realize: you
ROMANCE

can’t understand. Turn old Dick loose!
Among those man-eaters, those horse-meat
pirates, thost wolves—those chain-chew-
ing sons of—those—why it’ll be murder.
Your dog is some fighter, but look at the
odds against him.”

  “Promise me you turn him loose or I
take Kegstadt’s thousand.”

  And so agreeing, the while sadly shak-
ing his head, Fink saw Galen vault into
Tom Ross’ life-boat, in response to a
sweet call from that kind surfman which
in prose looks this way—“Say wotter
youse two guys tink I am—a waiter?”
“You’ll find him up in ‘Tex’ Rickards’
office in the ‘Northern’,” Galen called
out from the boat being launched. “Tex’ll
turn him over to you. I’ll write you
from Butle. Good-by, old pal.”

  And that was the last Fink saw of
Galen for four years.

  Now this is what caused the new cus-
todian of the greatest malamute ever bred
in the North to suggest isolating him from
the other dogs of his crack team. First
there was “Red” Fink. He was a Siber-
ian swing-dog that had been banished
from a Cossack outpost because after
he had been shot by an indulgent owner
he’d torn his would-be destroyer’s shoot-
ing-hand off its wrist with one bite of his
enormous jaws. Falling in with voyag-
ing Indians, he had been brought to Cape
Prince of Wales from where he naturally
gravitated to Fink in Nome. There was
also “Gyang” Fink, a Mazinka wolf, that
so liked bacon that he’d torn down many
a young shack and unguarded tent to
get it. “Caesar” Fink would slaughter a
horse in harness so as to quench his thirst
for warm red blood.

  And there was “Joe” Fink. Joe was
bred by Wallace,' the White Mountain
sled-maker. Fink became interested in
him when he heard that this industrious
pup had slaughtered all of his five sisters
and brothers before he or they were three
months old. “Some pup,” Fink had said
upon hearing this. “I must have him.”
And he journeyed a hundred miles to get
him at any cost—which_was nothing, as
Wallace, to use his own language “was
glad to get rid of him. He was a mur-
dering cuss—that’s what he was; and Mr.
Fink could damned well have him for
the trouble it might cause him to carry
him away from White Mountain.” There

were nine altogether of this stripe in the
kennel where Dick was destined to be
“turnec loose.”

  But those nine malamutes had vindi-
cated their master’s judgment and faith in
them. They were the nonpareil string of
trail-kings up to this time assembled in
any one man’s team.

  As Galen had said, Dick was waiting for
Fink in Rickard’s office. The old dog—
we call him old, but he really was not so
old; Dick was a coming three-year-old at
this time. That’s really young for Dick’s
breed. But they develop so comparatively
early in life that as in Dick’s case, when
a young dog has an old dog’s head on
his shoulders while he’s yet a pup, why
then he’s called “old” Dick, or Tom, or
Jerry.

  At this time Dick was a prime beast
who stood the perfection of heavy-coated
bone and muscular development. A great
brain-dome spread over the most humanly
expressive head formations ever put on a
dog. His eyes had the “speaking” trick,
the frowning menace, the whimsical lift
and its antithesis—the fatal glitter. They
were as volatile as mercury in recording
what passed in a galvanically organized
mind. This Dick was some dog—as you
will agree if I can do but half-justice in
picturing him.

  Well, Fink went along Main Street,
his brows contracted in apprehensive con-
cern, with Dick trotting along complac-
ently at his heels. Dick knew all about
what had happened. Knew that he was
wanted—aye coveted—by every star dog-
puncher in the territory. He, also, had
known all along to whose care he would
be ultimately consigned.

  Being intimately woven in the sympa-
thetic structure of his adored master, the
dog had come to interpret correctly the
workings of his mind. He divined the
great love his master felt for the man at
whose heels he now trod. And naturally
he loved him, too. second best.

  “Well,” Fink said to himself, “notwith-
standing my promise to Jimmy and like-
wise nevertheless. I'll be eternally
damned if I'll put Dick in with those as-
sassins—at least not yet awhile. The odds
are all against him; I’ll just let ’em get
a smell of him first and see what happens.”

  So accordingly Dick had the freedom
of the “Fink Block.” This was a stretch

BY JACK HINES

59
ROMANCE

of improved tundra up at the head of
Steadman Avenue quite isolated from all
residential property and an area of about
one hundred yards square upon which
stood the comfortable Fink menage with,
also, the kennels and other minor build-
ings. This avenue ended at the north
boundary of this lot, but from there on
was called the Dry Creek Trail, which was
an important traffic channel to the rich
placer diggings on that and Dexter Creek
—two busily-productive gold streams.
Consequently this road was actively used
by teamsters and pedestrians.

  Dick’s first duty was self-imposed and
resultant upon a friendship which he im-
mediately contracted for Miss Eleanor
Fink, at that time a dainty queen aged
four months. It was customary for Miss
Eleanor to have from three to four hours
at top-s\m time basking in that healthy
warmth, the while reposing in a smart
perambulator, well-canopied and quilted.
The usual spot for this invigorating bath
was the graveled front entrance walk,
about fifteen yards from the noisy creak-
ing of non-greased wagon-axles and
other disturbing elements that passed the
house. Through most of the disquiet,
however, the babe reposed in tranquil
slumber.

  There was one four-mule team that
Dick, doing sentry duty at Eleanor’s
wheels, noticed on the first two days of
this duty had made such a clatter in pass-
ing that it awakened the babe, causing for
the time sleep to fly from her eyes and
a cry to escape from her mouth.

  It was not the mules that made the
noise—they plodded along quite noise-
lessly as is their habit—but a long-ranged
Missourian named Smart, who was skin-
ner-in-chief to this outfit. The persuas-
ive language of this Smart as he urged
his mules onward was too unholy for even
us to inscribe here.

  Well, on the third day Dick heard the
prolog to this performance as Smart was
passing the Nome court-house down in
the next block. Matters of millions were
being adjudicated, but they were sus-
pended pro tan so that the lawyers, Fink
among them, and litigants might enjoy
this embroidered flow of mule-propelling
verbiage as it came to them through the
open windows of the court-room.

  When Smart got to the street that

crossed Steadman Avenue at this point,
he was aware that his mules had suddenly
ceased to listen to him and, with quivering
nostrils and alai ned ears, were concerned
with a ferocious thing of gray that blocked
all advance past his challenge-post.

  “Hey you, Mike, git on there. Don’t
let that mutt hinder you.”

  The bit of the blacksnake thereupon
nicked Mike in the rump, and as he
plunged ahead he was fairly grabbed in
the snoot by Dick. It’s the first time
on record that a mule cried out in ter-
ror. As Dick caught poor Mike on the
nose both he and his mate, Sandy, reared
to their hind feet and toppled over back-
ward on top of Joan and Buck.

  Smart was down from his seat and past
this pile of bewildered mules like a dart;
he dove at Dick with the blacksnake, but
instead of inflicting an effective cut with
it, its folds fouled the angry dog’s neck,
and he with one snarling crunch of his
teeth cut Mr. Smart’s whip in half. With
the loaded stock, now a murderous
weapon, Smart charged Dick, who stood
at bay to receive the onslaught. Smart
didn’t finish his charge. The Court, hear-
ing the rumpus on the corner, abruptly
and with not so much as a “hear ye,” ad-
journed to witness it.

  As Smart was about to deliver a sav-
agely-aimed blow upon Dick’s head, he
was most effectively struck with something
upon his own, which, when he recovered
consciousness, he learned was the Court
seal. This formidable shattering force
had in some inexplicable manner found
its way into Albert Fink’s right hand,
which, it developed later, had delivered the
blow on the mule-skinner’s head.

  Eleanor slept peacefully the next day
and all following days, even unto the for-
tieth, when descended prohibitive climatic
conditions, over which Dick had no con-
trol. driving his charge to indoor quarters.

  “I guess there’s not much use my
wasting any anxiety over this Dick dog,”
thought Fink after this occurrence, and
the next day deliberately admitted Dick
into the enclosed domain of his nine sav-
age trailers. As if they were one dog
this act put them in a state of mortal ag-
gression. and Fink was tempted to re-
move Dick hastily from the menace that
ominous snarls and rampant fighting
manes presaged.

KING RICH A R D
ROMANCE

  But one look at Dick completely re-
assured him. The Galen dog—known,
feared and hated by the Fink team—
walked unconcernedly in their midst, his
tail lightly curled over his back, an
imperial look of fearlessness proclaiming
him the invincible master over each Fink
dog that dared look him in the eye.

  Nevertheless he was a bit nervous about
withdrawing his presence from the ken-
nel. He feared that when he turned his
back a concerted attack would ensue. Its
possible result alarmed him. “Nine to
one is some handicap,” he thought. But
he did turn his back, went up to the gate,
opened, stepped through and banged it
shut in a most matter-of-fact manner.

  Almost simultaneously with the click
of the latch Dick was pounced upon by
the entire nine outraged wolf-dogs. But
not one of the ensuing howls of pain came
from the victim-elect of this murderous
orgy. The battling general in him—his
royal birthright, which even overtowered
his gigantic fighting strength and indomit-
able spirit—instantly asserted itself.
Dick’s defense and counter-assault, which
he concentrated upon but one of the at-
tacking dogs at a time, soon had five of
them out of the fight and well-licked.
Whereupon the remaining four struck
their colors, convinced that they were
dealing with a super-dog, and, in so far as
they were concerned, he would never
again be molested.

  “By God, Jimmy was right!” was Fink’s
supreme compliment to Dick.

  He had witnessed the unequal battle
from beginning to end.

  What happened at Dick’s first meal-
time clinched forever after the indubitable
fact that at last the nine trailers had a
sovereign ruler whose reign was to be
supreme and absolute. At that time each
of the dogs, including Dick, had a nice,
juicy smoked-salmon thrown to him, and
when Sub-chu-ahk, the Indian boy who
fed the dogs, left the kennel, Dick with
imperious assurance gathered all the fishes
from before the hungry dogs and piled
them temptingly in the center of the en-
closure.

  Then while the dogs sat with drooling
jowls in subjugated timidity around their
pilfered food. Dick began his first dinner
and ate till his sides bulged. When fin-
ished he tantalizingly licked his chops

for a few minutes and then contemptu-
ously and with unmistakable significance
defiled what was left of the heap.

  After this he scratched with all the
might of his powerful hind feet a blind-
ing hail-storm of loose gravel and dust
into the faces of his dumbfounded vassals
and retired to his own corner, inviting
them as he did so to proceed with their
repast. Which they did, notwithstanding,
as it is not in the nature of hungry wolf-
dogs to be overdelicate about many of life’s
trivialities. Dick, having thus established
the entente cordiale, thereafter sported
among the dogs, indulging them with frol-
icsome and capricious play, which to his
dying day he never tired of doing.

BEFORE the time of trail preparation
that Fall, Dick had leisure oppor-
tunity to form an ^attachment that pro-
gressed in fervor and deep-rooted affec-
tion as the years advanced. He fell des-
perately in love with “Phoebe” Fink. I
can only liken Phoebe to such grandes
dames as Lady Diamond, for instance,
who gave to Rey el Santa Anita such a
racing son as Robador, or Rose-Ormonde,
the famous mare possessed and beloved of
Leland Stanford while that great soul
was yet among us.

  Phoebe was of this outstanding type and
had given to the thoroughbred kingdom of
Alaskan dogs two exceptional champions.
One was Caesar and the other Crag, both
Fink dogs, that worked in the wheel posi-
tion directly in back of where Phoebe did
her share in the breast hitch. It’s logical
that Dick should aspire to such a bride, and
after the union of this royal pair Phoebe
suffered no other beast so much as to
breathe too much of the air near her that
may have had in it the scent of her person.

  To the other eight Dick evidenced no ex-
traordinary liking, excepting perhaps Crag
and'Caesar, upon whom, for Phoebe’s sake,
no doubt, he bestowed a modicum of sig-
nal interest.

  A singular example of the great dog’s
sense of justice may be seen in an oc-
currence when Dick made his first trip with
the team in the masterpoint at their head.
He had made no bones of his friendship
for Crag and Caesar nor did he concern
himself with the jealousies of the other
dogs because of this preferment.

  But on this first trip he adjusted all

B Y JACK HINES

61
ROMANCE

unrest upon this score. Crag seemed to
develop an exasperating trick of yelping
and yipping upon each occasion when for
any reason it was necessary to halt the
team. He’d raise a great ado as if de-
claiming against the need of the stop.

  He was impatient to be on the go. “Why
stop here? Let’s be on. See! I’m eager
to hurry along.” These were the things
he might have been saying at these times.
But when the journey was again renewed
it was perceptible to Fink’s keen driving
sense that Crag was doing a bit of fancy
soldiering. He saw that his tug-straps
flapped a trifle. There was a laggard’s
play in them. It was a ’cute bit of subter-
fuge, this apparent impetuosity at resting-
time. that masked his dishonesty in action.

  The captain of a tug-of-war Crew can
see before him each individual straining on
the tarred rope and no possible faking es-
capes his vigilant eye. But a dog leading
a team of nine—eight beside himself—must
have something other than eyesight to de-
tect a slacker whose working point is four
positions behind his back. About fifteen
minutes after Crag had used up another
rest interval in nervous expostulation, Dick
suddenly came to a rooted stop. He stood
dead still for an approximate thirty sec-
onds and to Fink’s “What’s the matter, old
boy?” gave no heed other than to toss his
head in air and say, “Hold your horses,
master.”

  He then with cold precision turned
about-face and leveled a look directly into
the eyes of Crag at the extreme other end
of the string. The other dogs seemed a
bit mystified about this move, but being
conscience-clear did not heed it particu-
larly. But Crag—foxy Crag, guilty Crag—
he stretched his head way out of line so
as to have a clear look at the leader’s face.
Saying with sheepish eyes exactly what
Judas once said—

   “Is it I, master?”

  Whereupon Dick by a stripping of his
tusks answered back—“You know damned
well it’s you!” and added with a back throw
of his head, “and take my tip—Phoebe or
no Phoebe—if you persume but once more
upon the relation which obtains between
your mother and me and fake any more
on this job—well—you’ll see.”

   Crag seemed to understand perfectly, for
until sundown, when the team put up at
Shea’s on Solomon River, he pulled his

62

honest share and forgot, to pull the song
of protest. But Crag evidently had a very
badly impaired memory, because the next
day he let go the holler at the first stop,
which Dick—the old sage—did not just
at that exact instant appear to notice.
But again in about fifteen minutes the
master dog stood stock-still and turned
this time to Fink.

  “Boss, come here and unhook me a min-
ute, will you? I’ve got a little matter to
attend to that demands my attention else-
where, so please release me from these
swivel snaps and traces. It won't take
long!”

  Fink being half-dog himself—and black
and tan at that—savees this language, and
straightway Dick is freed from all en-
cumbrances. Hereupon Richard the First
walks down to master Crag, looking like
a thunder-visaged school-master with a
switch held behind his back going after
little Willie in the last seat after said boy
had bean-blown a slug of gum that struck
and stuck just over teacher’s dome on the
blackboard. And by the same token Crag
looked like little Willie.

  Well, Dick just went to the culprit and
with a slight preface which read, “So you
thought I didn’t mean it yesterday, eh?
Well—gr’r’r’r grab!" He caught Crag just
behind the ears and shook him like a ferret
doing an obstinate rat to a finish. Be it
said for the chastised one, he didn’t
whimper. He wasn’t that sort. He took
his medicine and after that did his sing-
ing when he was out of harness. Truth
this is—absolute—Fink told it to me him-
self!

  “Oh, he was a grand dog—a just dog.
Let me tell you another to prove it before
I give you the straight of the Kugruk water-
rights affair.”

  This was the big high-light of Dick’s
career. None knew or could tell of it more
authoritatively than the man most vitally,
almost tragically, concerned, and we’re
leading up to it in that man’s own way of
its telling.

  “Well,” continued Fink, “you know Dick
loved that Phoebe of mine as you or I
would love a woman—I don't know about
you—but at any rate as I love now—with
all my heart. Why you know I suffer
physical pain when Laura”—Laura being
Mrs. Fink—“begins her packing. She’s
got the Berkshires or Coronado or some-

KINCRICHARD
              ROMANCE g>'\

thing doing to hell and gone away from
me. But 1 ve got to stick and get the coin.
My clients get in such deep holes that it
takes me years sometimes to dig them out.
So of course I can’t go with Laura. Eleanor
and Rudolph, the kiddies, are at school and
father sweats blood in his loneliness.

  “Dick loved his Phoebe like that. It
got so that it sickened me to see him when
she wasn’t with him. And finally he
wouldn’t trail along with me any more
unless she could go, too. Many’s the time
when I’d feel the itch to go up to the
Northern and do away with Tex Rickard’s
faro-bank roll that I’d start out with Dick
alone, and when I’d come out of the place
sometimes twelve hours later, loaded, but
not with the bank-roll, there would be Dick
waiting for me, but with his Phoebe, sleep-
ing side by side in the snow.

  “Well, sir, hearken and heed this one—”
a legal product of the blue grass, suh, this
man, as I’ve mentioned before—“one day
before I was starting on a trip to Ophir I
noticed Phoebe just lavishing her beautiful
self all over Dick and whispering something
in his ear that made him turn to her with
the sweetest expression of concern that you
can conjure to your mind. Dick was stand-
ing in his lead-hitch holding the tug-line
taut as a drum-string while the other dogs,
Phoebe included, were being hooked in.
It wasn’t until the following Spring that I
made out just what it was that she had
confided to him that day.

  “We’d no more than got out of town
when I saw that old Dick was turning
something over in his mind. He kept look-
ing at ‘Red,’ who was running free. Hav-
ing Dick now gave me ten dogs for a nine
hitch, so I used one as a spell dog; just
let him run loose—it happened to be Red
this day. Well, Dick kept looking at him
sporting along, and pretty soon he pulled
his famous stop, braced himself, stretched
himself, put his muzzle to the heavens and
called out, ‘Fink come here will you?’ and
of course I went. ‘What is it, old scout?’
I asked him. ‘Take me out of harness for
a minute.’ He gave me the same stuff as
the time that he wanted out of harness to
cure Crag. This time I hadn’t noticed anv
bunk from the dogs, so I was a bit puz-
zled—a bit puzzled I should say. sir.

  “I took him out as he had asked—T
didn’t dream what the old boy had in his
mind—but he knew what was in and on

                   BY

his mind. By God, he was a grand dog—”

  And here Fink spread his feet, placed
his hands behind his back and from his
drooping head 1 could see there was danger
of falling tear-drops.

  “Well, sir, he pranced up to Red and
took hold of him by the ear and led him—
like a mother bringing her truant brat to
school—right smack over to Phoebe’s side
and then releasing his hold on Red’s ear,
old Dick licked Phoebe on the nose, looked
up at me with the pleadingest damned look
you ever saw and then actually tried with
his teeth to unhook Phoebe’s neck swivels
and trace-snaps. May I never take another
retainer if I speak a lie. Plain as day he
says, ‘Take her out. Put Red in her place.
I know what I’m doing!’ ”

   “Well, I wasn’t going to take everything
old Dick had a mind to hand me, so for
a minute I thought, ‘What the hell, haven’t
I got anything to say about running this
team?’ And do you know he read my
mental speech and jumped up, placing his
great paws upon my shoulders, and speak-
ing right into my eyes he said, ‘Aw, Finkv,
come on, take Phoebe out. You’ll under-
stand some day!’ Of course Pm only hu-
man—I couldn’t resist this from something
that I am absolutely certain was super-
human.

  “So out came Phoebe, and all the way
to Ophir Creek and back home, too, she
did the two hundred miles in rapture sub-
lime by the side of her lover, Dick.

  “Next June she gave me the five proto-
types of this great lover of hers—this peer-
less sire—and, sir, those five dogs have
immortalized the name of Fink in the Ter-
ritory, for they won the Alaska Sweep-
stakes for me twice hand-running and
brought me the nice little sum of eighty
thousand dollars.

  “That’s what she told Dick. She was
in the ecstasy of that condition, and the
old dog wasn’t going to stand for the wast-
ing of her precious strength on any sled-
pulling—not while there was a spell dog
running free as air that could be utilized
in her stead.”

  Fink regarded me peculiarly for a mo-
ment after this. I think he was seeking
the imp of incredulity in my eyes, but it
was not there—there are a lot of things that
I knew this Fink to be—but a liar—no.
Gradually I saw a transition in those Chero-
kee eyes of his that, succeeding the whim-

HINES	63
ROm

sicai quiz, seemed to film them with a
seething membrane that fumed with irri-
descent luster. There was something going
on in his mind this time—he paced back,
and forth before me, I should say, a dozen
times—ever handing me this blazing gaze.
1 think he was stalling until suitable words
arrived with which to launch the Kugruk
matter. He may have been trying to im-
press me with the dramatic prolog spoken
by his eyes. However, the words came all
right.

 “One Sunday morning late Fall—Oc-
tober it was—Dick and I were having a
bit of a powwow on my front porch when
a fellow sprung the gate latch and came
right up to within six feet of Dick and me.
He just stood there on the gravel walk and
didn't say a damned word, but gave me
about as sharp a looking over as I never
hope to get again.

  “That Territory’s a queer country. Fel-
lows like that come on you that way all
unexpected and sometimes they pull some
funny stunts. Very often the first glimpse
you may get of them is over the sights of
a wicked-looking gat that they might be
holding on you. A lot of things shot
through my mind while I sized this strange-
looking guy up. I never tote hardware—
it’s safer, I’ve found, amongst these boys—
but one of my thoughts this time was that
it might have been well for me to slip a .41
into my jeans that peaceful Sabbath morn-
ing.

  “But while this was going through my
head, I heard—heard first—then glanced
over and saw Dick slapping his great tail
on the porch and looking up at me with-
out even taking his head from between his
feet. He had a very kind look in his
eyes. ‘Don’t be afraid of this man, Fink,’
I read in them. ‘I don’t know who he is,
but I do know what he is. Take him on.
I-Ie’s timid, can’t you see? He’s waiting
for you to say howdy or something.’ This
relieved me greatly, for I hate rows and
that sort of thing on Sunday, so taking
Dick’s tip, of course, as usual I had to, I
said:

  “ ‘Well, sir,’ addressing myself amiably
although, I confess, tardily to the stran-
ger, ‘what can I do for you?’ I must
not forget to describe this fellow. He wore
a pair of sealskin water-boots that were
tied above his knees with a thong, blue
overalls and a moose-hide' jacket over an

<>4	KING R

old faded blue-flannel shirt. His face was
the color of—what shall I say—that red
copper casserole over there on the sideboard
—just that color.” Fink told me this yarn
last Winter in a Lake-shore mansion. He
now was in Chicago. “His hair was
very gray—almost white—but he had the
bluest pair of eyes I ever saw in any-
body’s head. He wore a soft narrow-
brimmed Stetson hat. He was a typical
old-timer, and the strange part of it was
that I thought 1 knew all t>r most of that
handful of scouts, but this fellow was a
teetotal stranger to me.

  “ ‘You Mister Fink?’ He spoke after I
had greeted him. His voice sounded
strange, too, far-off like a voice coming
from the bottom of a well. It made my
skin creep a little, but Dick set me O. K.
again with the slap of his tail. The old
boy wasn’t missing any tiling.

  ‘“Yes, I’m Fink,’ says I.

  “ ‘Mr. Fink,’ he says, ‘I’ve just walked
down from the head of the Kugruk to see
you—’ ‘Hold on,’ I cut in, ‘you what?’

  “ ‘I say I just walked down from the
feed waters of the Kugruk River to see
you.’ He repeated with the slightly dif-
ferent wording. Then he says: ‘Can’t you
hear me? Do I speak too low?’ ‘No,’ I
answered, ‘but you surprized me—that’s a
two-hundred-mile jaunt isn’t it?’

  “ ‘Thereabouts,’ he said.

  “ Well go on—oh, wait,’ I interpolated,
‘how about a cup of coffee?’

  “ ‘No, thanks, I just made a good break-
fast off a package of raisins. My, they
tasted good.’ He smiled here—a good
smile, you understand.

  “ ‘Mr. Fink, my name’s Buchanan,’ he
continued, ‘Robert Buchanan. I came into
this country twenty-five years ago with
Captain Green—you may have heard of
him.’ Of course I’d heard of the famous
old captain: everybody had. ‘Well I was one
of the men who worked the Oomiluk lead
mine at the top of Fish River.’ I knew
the old abandoned Galina mine, too. It
had been inactive for over twenty years.

  “‘Green gave up the mine; it cost more
to ship the lead to where we could market
it than it was worth. Green went home,
South, and I went prospecting. North. I’m
telling you all this so’s you’ll have a pretty
fair idea of my general make-up.’ ‘Who
sent you to me?’ I here asked him.

  “ ‘Gently, Mr. Fink, I’ll get to that,’

I C H A R D
             ROMANCE

he says. I had the old fellow sitting com-
fortably now. ‘Well,’ he went on, ‘since
then I crossed over into the Kewalick Val-
ley, rambled up to the Selawick, went up
the Koabuck, stuck around the Colville,
looked over the Koyukuk, went down the
Mackenzie, skirted around Barrow, stuck
at Point Hope for a few years and finally
got back almost to where I started from.
And I’m there yet—or will be when I get
back—and I’m aiming to start on tonight’s
crust. The going’s been good there
nights.’ ”

  “ ‘What’s your hurry, Buchanan?’

  “ ‘I’ve got to get back,’ he says. ‘There’s
planty of gold land up around that Kugruk
River, Mr. Fink. I’ve got some of it
staked, but what’s better I own the water-
rights—the big rights on the Kugruk—and
I’ve represented them every year since be-
fore this Nome stampede started in ’99. Two
years ago the Immachuck rush brought a
hell’s slough of new people up to my neigh-
borhood, and two of them were regularly
appointed officials—from here in Nome—
that set up a court in Deering. One’s
name is Grabenheimer and the other’s Fox.
You must know them both, Mr. Fink.’ I
couldn’t place either of them just then.
‘Well, they’re well-named those two men,
Grabenheimer, the judge, and Fox, the
U. S. Marshal’s deputy. Well, some one
told these two men of my little camp at
the head of the Kugruk which, no doubt,
fired their curiosity and also their cupidity.
Because one day I had this deputy marshal
paying me a casual call—he wearing his
badge and a six-gun so’s I could plainly
see them both.

  “ ‘He gave my canals, dams and the pen-
stock I’ve laid out up at that water-source
a very keen looking-over. I’m a bit of
a hydrostatic man Mr. Fink—water was
my game in California before I came up
here. Fox also closely inspected and made
a copy of my original staking notice, and
the next time I saw him—’ the old fellow
swallowed a lump in his throat here—‘he
came up with three other fellows and they
plastered a new location on my property.
Jumped me and took forcible possession.
My property Jhat I’d been holding on to
for ten years before they ever heard of the
country.

  “ ‘That water’ll be worth millions in
twenty years from now, Mr. Fink—that’s
a rich country. I’ve heard about you help-

ing poor devils in trouble and I’m here
to ask you to help me. I’m called to that
Deering court on December the twentieth.’

  “No wonder Dick slapped the floor with
his tail. He had the old pioneer from
the jump. Usually a stranger couldn’t get
to the gate, let alone open it, if Dick were
on deck.

  “I asked Buchanan some questions, fa-
miliarized myself with the situation and
the upshot of it was that I agreed to be
in Deering and appear for Buchanan in
court on the twentieth of December, know-
ing it meant Christmas away from Laura
and the kids, and also having postponed
a big Blue Goose case I was fighting in
Nome.

  “The old man left about as abruptly
as he had come, only he reached over and
gave Dick an affectionate pat between the
eyes. Dick enjoyed this I could see. Ah,
man, he was a grand old dog.

  “Now this was no child’s play, this hike
across the peninsula on December trail.
We found the river-ice fickle and the snow
deep and obstructive, but we got there on
the dot. •

  “The old man had played his hand very
well—that is, in the preliminaries. He
didn’t hire any cheap local man that would,
as they usually do, talk too much and
mess up the flax. He just lay back and
waited until I came, and then sprung me
on the day of the trial as a potent trump
card. The crowd that were- set to rob
the old man had a lawyer 'come over from
Candle to handle their case for them, and
the proceedings were the usual ‘defendant
show cause why he should not be dis-
possessed’ and so on and ‘why the property
should not rest in title’ and so on in the
hands of the fellows who’d jumped it and
were then in peaceable possession.

  “There was no use of my wasting any
breath on the injustice of the situation.
Judge Grabenheimer was the principal
thief—his marshal the right-bower accom-
plice and the Candle lawyer the catspaw.
That was as plain as day. But I did get
our case down in the Commissioner’s rec-
ord in such manner that if it should-ever
come to the big court trial in Nome,, its
production would defy all the cunning of
the plotters. It may sound strange but I
used up ten days and part of the eleventh
in weaving this protective net about old
Buchanan’s title, and I had my reason for
this apparent sluggishness.

BY JACK H I N E S
ROMANCE

  “Grabenheimer tried his utmost to hurry
me, but I wouldn’t be hurried. I dilly-
dallied along until his patience began to
squirm. Then came his decision. That
fellow actually declared—from his point of
view, considering all the'facts as presented
—that on the stroke of twelve or a minute
after tlje stroke of midnight of December
thirty-first, which was this day and what
I was playing for, the Kugruk water-rights
would be open for relocation.

  “Well, that stunt has been pulled before
by grafting recorders who were thinking
more of the fees that would come to their
coffers than of the graveyards that always
did a rushing business the next day.

  “I tell you I just stood there and ad-
mired that Grabenheimer worm. He was
sublime. But these were wild men we
had to deal with and blinded to any law
but possession of the thing they were
after.

  “ ‘Will you come up to the ground with
me, Mr. Fink? It’s my only chance to get
there in time.’ There was a note in old
Buchanan’s voice as he asked me this that
made me proud of the affiliation between
us. It was my first flash of a fearless
Buchanan—a man who for twenty years
had lived like the wild animals in the fierce
Arctic. Here was an old warrior who w’ould
defend his castle, believe me.

  “ ‘Sure,’ I said, ‘and we start right away.
I saw this coming and have planned to
make a race of it. But I fear a matter of
an hour or two won’t make any difference
with this crowd. They’re crooks, Buchanan.
But you go out to the shed where my team
is and have Sub-chu-ahk hook them up and
ready to start.’ When the old man had
gone, Fox, the deputy marshal, came to
me and said, ‘You ain’t got a chance, Fink.
We own everything and everybody around
here.’

  “I could see that this Fox was a vicious
burly of the thug type. You find them
among official man-hunters frequently.
This fellow would stop at nothing. I could
see that plainly. I was tempted at this
time to break my rule and arm myself.
Second thought made me abandon this plan
and sudden realization that my hide was
still unpunctured.

  “It was then about three o’clock and
the distance to be covered between that
time and midnight about thirty miles.
Which ordinarily meant nothing to me or

Dick, but traveling at night over no trail
is another proposition. Now this Fox had
a pretty snappy-looking team of dogs him-
self and got them started just a few minutes
ahead of us. That didn’t worry me a bit.
There was nothing in the Territory could
get away from my outfit. It turned out to
be no race at all, because we overhauled
the Fox gang within an hour and Dick
gee’d out of the trail and passed them
as if they were standing still.

  “Fox and another fellow were riding
their sleigh, and a third ran between the
handle-bars. As we went by them Fox
lifted a bottle of whisky in the air and
yelled out ‘Here’s happy New Year, Fink—
to you and your old mossback. You ain’t
got a chance!’ He then took a good swig
out of the bottle, and the other fellow rid-
ing produced another bottle and he, too,
sung out something before he downed a
slug.

  “Soon we had them far behind us, but
neither Buchanan nor myself were particu-
larly cheerful. That booze meant danger
ahead. These were tough customers, I tell
you. Well, we got there, arriving at the
Buchanan camp at about 11:30. I saw
a lantern flash some hundred yards or so
from the old man’s shack, and he explained
that it was one of the jumpers w'ho had
held down the ground while the others had
gone to court.

  “Buchanan produced a riparian location
notice which, after I had filled it out, he
signed, and I witnessed. Then leaving
Sub-chu-ahk to unhook and tend to the
feeding of the team, the old man and I
went to his original stake, and, by the
light of a lantern which I held for him, he
nailed his new notice up at precisely three
minutes after twelve.

  “There were tracks around another stake
which stood close to the Buchanan monu-
ment. Wobbly tracks they seemed to me.
We found the Fox relocation notice already
stuck up on this stake, and, no doubt, it
had been done by the fellow we saw a half'
hqyr before with the lantern.

  “Upon seeing this. Buchanan said to me,
‘Mr. Fink, you know I’ve never killed a
man in my life, but I feel something stirring
inside of me tonight.’ I patted the old
fellow on the back and told him not to
worry as everything would come out in the
wash, assuring him that I would stick to
him through thick and thin.

KING RICHARD
ROMANCE

  “But when I heard a wild shouting come
up the river, the singing and yelling with
which the New Year was being welcomed
by the rest of the jumping outfit, well, my
heart sank for a second. Pretty soon they
came directly to where we were, their dogs
panting and spent, with Fox brawling and
ugly drunk, in spite of his singing, as were
the other two fellows.

  “The three of them had guns hanging
from their hips, and the first words, coming
from Fox, were—‘What the hell are you
two doing on my ground. Git off!’

  “He lurched up to the Buchanan stake
and was just in the act of pulling it out of
its base when old man Buchanan lunged at
him and grabbed him by the throat. Fox
straightened like a flash and pulled a gun
and struck the old man a swinging blow
on the side of the head. Buchanan sank
to the snow with his blood spattering over
it. It was as tight a box as I have ever
been in. But my first thought seemed to
be concern for old man Buchanan. While
I was kneeling over him Fox had pulled
up the true stake and, then muttering and
growling, he stood with the other two,
trying with blearing sight and shaking
hands to light a lantern.

  “Buchanan had come to from the effects
of Fox’s blow and as I stood him on his
feet he almost wept into my ear: ‘Take
care of my property Mr. Fink. You’ll
find all papers in my cabin.’ He then
pulled a blued gun from his shirt and
broke from me in a desperate charge on
the three drunken men. He fired blindly
into them and one went down without a
groan. Not Fox. He struck the old man
again, but this time a more murderous
blow* and Buchanan crumpled in a heap
in the snow. I thought he had been in-
stantly killed.

  “Well, the time for action had come for
me. I grabbed for Buchanan’s gun from
beside his inert form. As I did so Fox
and the other fellow both came at me with
their guns raised to club me to death. But
then the big thing happened. I saw—I
see th^m yet—two blazing balls of green
fire fly through the air. I heard a cry,
half-whinny, half-challenge, and this great
gray fighting beast had Fox nailed by the
throat and toppled over on his back. Dick
killed Fox in less than two seconds! I
shall never forget the crunch that did the
trick. The other fellow was stupified drunk

and hardly knew what it was all about, but
Dick jumped him, too. My efforts to hold
him back to save this other poor fool’s life
were like a child’s restraint. The dog was
beyond any control. He was wild again.
He had the taste of one man’s blood who
was an enemy to me; now he took the
other’s. He had the second fellow lifeless
on the snow before he paid any heed to
my efforts to placate him.

  “Then he came to me, but not in any
attitude of submission. No, he came de-
fiant and proud. Not a trace of penitence
or submission. He seemed to me to be
aware of a great responsibility—as having
balanced the scales of justice once more.

  “Dick began licking the blood from the
old man’s face. I put my ear to his heart
and heard the faintest throb. I yelled for
Sub-chu-ahk. I didn’t think then that he
was in the old man’s shack cooking the
dogs’ supper and couldn’t hear me. But
Dick bounded away toward the shack and
was back in an instant. A little later Sub-
chu-ahk came up. Dick had made himself
clear to the boy.

  “Together we carried the old man to the
shack and did what we could to ease him.
Sub-chu-ahk and I then went to the jump-
ers’ shack, and after pounding on the door
we heard a thick voice say, ‘What d’ye
want?’ We fobnd this fellow also stupi-
fied drunk. He sobered up considerably
when we took him out and led him to the
dead bodies of his friends. We helped him
in the carrying of the bodies to his shack.

  “Old man Buchanan recovered from the
blows and was afterward tried for the mur-
der of the man killed by a gunshot wound.
He was acquitted. I defended him.
Proved self-defense.

  “The other two fellows were obviously
proved to have been gored to death by
some attacking animal, but no eye-wit-
nesses to these killings were forthcoming,
so the people were compelled to abandon
for lack of a defendant. The Wild Goose
outfit bought Buchanan’s title to the Kug-
ruk riparian rights. They paid him a
quarter-million and he gave me fifty thous-
and. The old man is down in the Sacro-
mento valley. I hope he’s alive and happy.
He’s probably got a raisin farm.

  “Dick? Well Dick lived to be fourteen
years old. His noble old soul passed to
the God above about three years ago. He
died-with his head in my lap.”

BY JACK HINES

6 7
The Rescue

           BY JOSEPH CONRAD
                 A Serial
                 Part III

The first pari of the story

THERE was no wind and the small brig that
had lain all afternoon a few miles from
one of the islands of the Malay Archipelago had
hardly altered its course since midday.

At six o’clock a Malay seacannie relieved the
wheel.

“Let’s eat, Shaw," said ‘‘Red-Eyed Tom” Lin-
gard, captain of the Lightning. “I say, just
take a look round before coming below.''

“Certainly, sir,” returned the mate. “Nothing
to report, sir,” he informed the captain later.

“Between the islands there was a boat,” pro-
nounced the helmsman after the white men had
disappeared.

“You saw a floating tree," rejoined Wasub,
scrang of the brig. “The order is to keep silence,
lest evil befall the ship.”

Darkness fell. Over the sea an advancing
streak of foam reached the vessel and passed
under. Darkness again. Silence. A shout.

“What—ship—is—that?”

“English brig,” answered Lingard. “Come on
board.”

Carter, who boarded the brig from a small
boat, explained that he was from the schooner-
yacht Ilcrmit, which was now stranded in soft
mud sixty miles away, near Borneo.

“We are twenty, all told, besides the gentry.
The owner, his wife and a Spanish gentleman—
a friend they picked up at Manila. The owner's
bound for Batavia, then for Ceylon.”

“You say there is a lady aboard? Are you
armed ?’’ asked Lingard.

“Not much,” replied Carter.

“I am going to the yacht,” said Lingard with
decision. “I must go to the rescue of these
people. You come back to your ship with me.”

“That wouldn't be carrying out orders,” argued
Carter. “I don't think you can do much—your
vessel is too small. I’ve got to speak to a home-
ward-bound ship or a man-of-war."

“Nonsense," said Lingard sharply. “You must
come with me."

 68

briefly retold in story form.

   “You would keep me by force?”

   “If needs be, yes. Do you know into what a
 hornets' nest your stupid people have blundered?
 They are interfering with my plans. How much
 d'ye think their lives are worth here? Not a
 brass farthing if the breeze fails me for another
 twenty-four hours. You want a gunboat. My
 God, that’s not what you want! I am the man
 you want—the only one who can save you and
 your people’s throats from being cut. You don't
 know your luck when you see it, but I know
 mine, I keep you," Lingard concluded.

    A squall broke.

 IT WAS noon the next day before they sighted
 the yacht off “The Shore of Refuge.” Two
 figures moved over the beach of a rocky islet.
 They were Hassim and Immada, brother and
 sister.

   Hassim and Lingard first met in New Guinea.
 Hassim had come there to buy bird-of-para-
 dise skins. Afterward, Lingard ventured ir^o the
 village unarmed. There ensued a conflict with
 the natives.

   It was in a small bay on the coast of New
 Guinea that Hassim and Lingard first met. A
 trader and adventurer, Hassim. the nephew of a
 great Wajo chief, had come there to buy some
 bird-of-paradise .skins. Shortly afterward, Lin-
 gard came and ventured into the village unarmed.
 There ensued a conflict with the natives, during
 which one of Lingard's Malays was killed. Hassim
 went to the white man’s aid, driving away the
 attackers.

   That evening. Lingard entertained the young
 leader of the Wajo traders on board the brig.
 When he took his leave, Lingard said:

   “You fired three shots for me, Panglima
 Hassim, and I have had three barrels of powder
 put aboard your prau; one for each shot. But
 we are not quits.”

   "This is indeed a friend’s gift. Come to my
 country,” invited Hassim.
ROMANCE

  ‘‘I promise,” Lingard said.

  Next morning, the brig and prau left the bay.
When they parted, the Malay shouted—
“Remember the promise—come soon, lest what
is written should comc to pass.”

  “What's written?” Lingard shouted.

  And over the water came faintly—

  “No one knows.”

WAJO, bccause of its chronic state of dis-
turbance, was closed to white traders. But
Lingard guided his brig there, and while the ves-
sel lay in sight of a cluster of bamboo huts,
Jaffir, a servant of Hassim's, climbed aboard.

  Briefly the Malay explained that in a civil
war between Hassim and his enemies the former
had been defeated and now, with a handful* of
followers, was a fugitive.

  "You have arrived too late,” said Jaffir, “Has-
sim's message is—‘Depart and forget 1’"

  “Not I,” exclaimed Lingard, and he outlined
his plan to attempt to save Hassim from imme-
diate danger.

  Before morning, Lingard, with Hassim and his
band aboard the brig, had departed from Wajo.
Later in the day the brig was anchored near the
Shore of Refuge, the lair of Belarab.

  Then the center of Lingard’s life shifted from
the Straits of Malacca to the Shore of Refuge.

THERE is a lot of discontent in Wajo
amongst the big people,” spoke H. C.
Jorgenson, ex-captain of the barqde Wild Rose,
to Lingard, while the latter was on one of his
visits to the Straits Settlement. “Are you deep
in this thing?”

  “To the last cent,” responded Lingard. “I want
Hassim to get back his own.”

  “There’s a devil in such work. Drop it 1”

  “By God, I won't!” swore Lingard. “Look
here, I took them off when they were in their last
ditch. That means something. I ought not to
have meddled and it would have been all over
in a few hours. I must have meant something

when J interfered, whether I knew it or not. I
meant it then and did not know it. Very well,
I mean it now and know it. When you save’
people from death you take a share in their
life. That's how I look at it. I sail before
morning. Will you come with me?”

  That evening Jorgenson boarded the brig.

  “Here I am,” he said.

  “All I expect you to do is to look after Bela-
rab's morals when I am away,” said Lingard.
“One more trip and then we shall be ready to
go ahead.”

  Thus for two years Lingard worked to raise
men, money and ammunition to restore Hassim
to power. On his first visit, Lingard spept six
days at Belarab's settlement. In return for Lin-
gard's support, a few guns and a little money,
Belarab had promised his help for the conquest
of Wajo.

  Lingard purchased the Emma, a decrepit
schooner, ran her aground near Belarab’s settle-
ment, and left Jorgenson in charge of the hulk,
in which were stored guns and powder.

ON board Mr. Travers’ yacht, Lingard said:
“You are in the way of what I can not
give up for any one, but I will sec you through
safely if you will only trust me.”

  “I don’t see my way to utilize your services,”
returned Travers.

  “I’ve offered to take you aboard my brig for
a few days, as your chance of safety. And you
ask "iy motives. They are not for you to
know.”

  “You will get nothing by trying to frighten
me,” said Travers. “Leave this ship!”

  Seeing a quarrel arising, d'Alcacer, a guest of
Travers, started to intercede, but was restrained
by Mrs. Travers. A few moments later Hassim
and Immada boarded the vessel.

  "Oblige me by taking these natives away,”
spoke up Travers harshly.

  For a time, Lingard glared at the man; then,
followed by Hassim and Immada, left the yacht.

THE afternoon dragged itself out in
silence. Edith sat pensive and idle
with her fan on her knees. D’Alca-
cer, who thought the incident
should have been treated in a conciliatory
spirit, attempted to communicate his
view to his host, but that gentleman,
purposely misunderstanding his motive,
overhelmed him with so many apologies
and expressions of regret at the irksome
and perhaps inconvenient delay “which
you suffer from through your good-natured
acceptance of our invitation” that the other
was obliged to refrain from pursuing the
subject further.

 "Even my regard- for you, my dear
d’Alcacer, could not induce me to submil

to such a barefaced attempt at extortion,”
affirmed Mr. Travers with uncompromising
virtue. “The man wanted to force his
services upon me and then put in a heavy
claim for salvage. That is the whole se-
cret—you may depend on it. I detected
him at once, of course.” The eye-glass
glittered perspicuously. “He underrated
my intelligence; and what a violent scoun-
drel! The existence of such a man in the
time we live in is inconceivable.”

  D’Alcacer retired and, full of vague
forebodings, tried in vain for hours to
interest himself in a book. Mr. Travers
walked up and down restlessly trying to
persuade himself that his indignation was
based on purely moral grounds.

  The glaring day, like a mass of white-
hot iron withdrawn from the fire, was los-

BYJOSEPHCONRAD

60
ROMANCE

  ing gradually its heat and its glare in
  a richer deepening of tone. At the usual
  time two seamen, walking noiselessly aft
  in their yachting shoes, rolled up in silence
  the quarter-deck screens; and the coast,
  the shallows, the dark islets and the snowy
  sandbanks uncovered thus day after day
  were seen once more in their aspect of
  < dumb watchfulness. The brig swung end
  on in the foreground, her squared yards
  crossing heavily the soaring symmetry of
  the rigging, resembled a creature instinct
  with life, with the power of springing into
  action lurking in the light grace of its
  ' repose.

     A pair of stewards in white jackets with
  brass buttons appeared on deck and began
  to flit about without a sound, agile and
  spectral, laying the table for dinner on the
  flat top of the cabin skylight. The sun,
  drifting away toward other lands, toward
  other seas, toward other men; the sun all
  red in a cloudless sky raked the yacht with
  a parting salvo of crimson rays that shat-
  tered themselves into sparks of fire upon
  the crystal and silver of the dinner-ser-
  vice, put a short flame into the blades of
  knives and spread a rosy tint over the
  white of plates. A trail of purple, such as
  a smear of blood on a blue shield, lay over
  the sea.

    On sitting down Mr. Travers alluded
  in a vexed tone tQ the necessity of living
  on preserves, all the stock of fresh provi-
  sions for the. passage to Batavia having
  been already consumed. It was distinctly
  unpleasant.

    “I don’t travel for my pleasure, how-
  ever,” he added; “and the belief that the
  sacrifice of my time and comfort will be
  productive of some good to the world at
  large would make up for any amount of
  privations.”

    Edith and d’Alcacer seemed unable to
  shake off altogether a strong aversion to
  talk, and the conversation, like an expir-
  ing breeze, kept on dying out repeatedly
  after each languid gust. The large silence
  of the horizon, the profound repose of all
  things visible, enveloping the bodies and
  penetrating the souls with their quieting
  influence, stilled thought as well as voice.
  For a long time no one spoke. Behind the
  taciturnity of the masters the servants hov-
  ered without noise.

     Suddenly Mr. Travers, as if concluding
  a train of thought, muttered aloud:

  “I own with regret I did in a measure
lose my temper, but then you will admit
that the existence of such a man is a dis-
grace to civilization.”

  This remark was not taken up and he
returned for a time to the nursing of his
indignation, at the bottom of which, like
a monster in a fog, crept a bizarre feeling
of personal resentment, the sense of bitter
and inexplicable rancor. He waved away
an offered dish.

  “This coast,” he began again, “has been
placed under the sole protection of Holland
by the Treaty of 1820, and the neglect of
solemn engagements so characteristic of
most continental governments shows itself
even in such trifling occurrences as this one.

The Treaty of 1820-”

  Both his hearers felt vividly the urgent
necessity to hear no more. D’Alcacer, un-
comfortable on a camp-stool, sat stiff and
stared strongly as if hypnotized by the
glass stopper of a carajc. Edith turned
a little sideways and, leaning on her elbow,
rested her head on the palm of her hand
like one tanking about matters of pro-
found import. Mr. Travers talked; he
talked inflexibly in a harsh, blank voice,
as if reading a proclamation; and with that
air he always had, whether listening or
talking, of his whole attention being scrup-
ulously concentrated upon himself. The
other two, as if in a state -of incomplete
trance, had their ears assailed by single
words, by loose ends of sentences, by
quoted fragments of official verbiage.

  “An international understanding—the
duty to civilize—failed to carry out—com-
pact—Canning—” D’Alcacer became at-
tentive for a moment. “Not that this
attempt, almost amusing in its impudence,
influences my opinion. I won’t admit the
possibility of any violence being offered to
people of our position. It is the moral
aspect of such an incident I am desirous
of criticizing.”

  Here d’Alcacer lost himself again in the
brusk recollection of Edith and Immada
looking at each other—the beginning and
the end, the flower and the leaf, the phrase
and the cry. Mr. Travers’ voice went on
dogmatic and obstinate for a long time.
The end came with a certain vehemence.

“And if the inferior race must perish,
it is a gain, a step toward the perfecting
of humanity which is the aim of progress.”
He ceased. The sparks of sunset in

70

THE RESCUE
■■ —	ROM.

crystals and silver had gone out, and
around the yacht the expanse of coast and
shallows seemed to await, unmoved, the
coming of utter darkness. The dinner was
over a long time ago and the patient stew-
ards had been waiting at his back, indif-
ferent in the downpour of words like sen-
tries under a shower.

  Edith rose nervously and going aft began
to gaze at the coast. Behind her the sun,
sunk already, seemed to force through the
mass of waters the glow of an unextinguish-
able fire, and below her feet, on each side
of the yacht, the lustrous sea, as if re-
flecting the. color of her eyes, was tinged
a somber violet hue.

  D’Alcacer came up with quiet footsteps
and for some time they leaned side by
side over the rail in silence. Then he
said—“How quiet it is!” and she seemed
to perceive that the quietness of that
evening was more profound and more sig-
nificant than ever before. Almost without
knowing it she murmured—“It’s like a
dream.” Another long silence ensued; the
tranquillity of the universe had such an
august ampleness that the sounds remained
on the lips as if checked by the fear of
profanation. The sky was limpid like a
diamond and under the last gleams of sun-
set the night was spreading its veil over
the earth. There was something precious
and soothing in the beautifully serene end
of that expiring day, of the day vibrating,
glittering and ardent, and dying now in
infinite peace, without a stir, without a
tremor, without a sigh—in the certitude
of resurrection.

  Then all at once the shadows deepened
swiftly, the stars came out in a crowd,
scattering a rain of pale sparks upon the
blackness of the water, while the coast
stretched low down a durk belt without a
gleam. Above it the top-hamper of the
brig loomed indistinct and high.

   She spoke first.

  “How unnaturally quiet! It is like a
desert of land and water without a living
soul.”

  “One man at least dwells in it,” said
d’Alcacer lightly, “and if he is to be be-
lieved there are other men, full of evil
intentions.”

  “Do you think it’s true?”

  Before answering d’Alcacer tried to see
the expression of her face but the obscur-
ity was too profound already.

BY 10SEP

NCE <---- _g

  “How can one see a dark truth on such
a dark night?” he said evasively. “But it
is easy to believe in evil, here or any-
where else.”

  She seemed to be lost in thought for a
while. .

  “And that man?” she asked.

  After some time d’Alcacer began to speak
slowly.

  “Rough, uncommon, decidedly uncom-
mon of his kind. Not at all what Don
Martin thinks him to be. For the rest—
mysterious to me. He is your country-
man after all-”

  She seemed quite surprized by that
view.

  “Yes,” she said slowly. “But you know,
I can not—what shall I say—imagine him
at all. He has nothing in common with
the mankind I know. There is nothing
to begin upon. How does such a man
live? What are his thoughts, his actions,
his affections, his-”

  “His conventions,” suggested d’Alcacer.
“That includes everything.”

  Mr. Travers appeared "suddenly behind
them with a glowing cigar in his teeth.
He took it between his fingers to declare
with persistent acrimony that no amount
of “scoundrelly intimidation” would pre-
vent him from having his usual walk.
There was about three hundred yards to
the southward of the yacht a sandbank
nearly a mile long, gleaming a silvery white
in the darkness, plumetted in the center
with a thicket of dry bushes that rustled
very loud in the slightest stir of the heavy
night air. The day after the stranding they
had landed on it “to stretch their legs a
bit,” as the sailing-master defined it, and
every evening sincef as if exercising a priv-
ilege or performing a duty, the three paced
there for an hour backward and forward,
lost in dusky immensity, threading at the
edge of water the belt of damp sand,
smooth, level, elastic to the touch like
living flesh and sweating a little under the
pressure of their feet.

  This time d’Alcacer alone followed Mr.
Travers. Edith heard them get into the
yacht's smallest boat, and the night-
watchman, tugging at a pair of sculls,
pulled them off to the nearest point. Then
the man returned. He came up the ladder
and she heard him say to some one on
deck—

  “Orders to go back in an hour.”

I CONRAD	71
ROMANCE

  His footsteps died out forward, and a
somnolent, unbreathing repose took pos-
session of the stranded yacht.

VI

AFTER a time this absolute silence
which she almost could feel pressing
upon her on all sides, induced in Edith a
state of hallucination. She saw herself
standing alone, at the end of time, on the
brink of days. All was unmoving as if
the dawn would never come, the stars
would never fade, the sun would never
rise any more; all was mute, still, dead—
as if the shadow of the outer darkness, the
shadow of the uninterrupted, of the ever-
lasting night that fills the universe, the
shadow of the night so profound and so
vast that the blazing suns lost in it are
only like sparks, like pin-points of lire,
the restless shadow that like a suspicion
of an evil truth darkens everything upon
the earth on its passage, had gone to her,
had enveloped her, had stood arrested as
if to remain with her forever.

  And there was such a finalty in that
illusion, such an accord with the trend of
her thought that when she murmured into
the darkness a faint “so be it” she seemed
to have spoken one of those sentences
that resume and close a life.

  As a young girl, often reproved for her
romantic ideas, she had dreams where the
sincerity of a great passion appeared like
the ideal fulfilment and the only truth of
life. Entering the world, she discovered
that ideal to be unattainable, because the
world is too prudent to be sincere. Then
she hoped that she could find the truth of
life in ambition which she understood as a
life-long devotion to some unselfish idea.
Mr. Travers’ name was on men’s lips; he
seemed capable of enthusiasm and of de-
votion; he impressed her imagination by
his impenetrability. She married him,
found him enthusiastically devoted to the
nursing of his own career, and had nothing
to hope for now.

  That her husband should be bewildered
by the curious misunderstanding which
had taken place and also permanently
grieved by her disloyalty to his respectable
ideals was only natural. He was, however,
perfectly satisfied with her beauty, her
brilliance and her useful connections. She
was admired, she was envied; she was sur-

rounded by splendor and adulation; the
days went on rapid, brilliant, uniform,
without a glimpse of sincerity or true pas-
sion, without a single true emotion—not
even that of a great sorrow. And swiftly
and stealthily they had led her on and on,
to this evening, to this coast, to this sea,
to this moment of time and to this spot on
the earth’s surface where she felt unerr-
ingly that the moving shadow of the un-
broken night had stood still to remain with
her forever.

  “So be it!” she murmured, resigned and
defiant, at the mute and smooth obscurity
that hung before her eyes in a black cur-
tain without a fold; and as if in answer
to that whisper a lantern was run up to
the foreyard-arm of the brig. She saw it
ascend swinging for a short space, and
suddenly remain motionless on the air,
piercing the dense night between the two
vessels by its glance of flame that strong
and steady seemed from afar to fall upon
her alone.

  Her thoughts, like a fascinated moth,
went fluttering toward that light—this—
that man—that girl, who had known war,
danger, seen death near, had obtained evi-
dently the devotion of that man. The oc-
currences of the afternoon had been strange
in themselves, but what struck her artistic
side was the vigor of their presentation.
They outlined themselves before her mem-
ory with the clear simplicity of events re-
lated in some immortal legend. They were
mysterious, but she felt certain they were
founded on something that was absolutely
true. They embodied artless and master-
ful feelings; such, no doubt, as swayed
mankind in the simplicity of its youth.
Their very setting, this land without form,
these shallows where the earth and sea
were mingled together within the circle
of the firmament, seemed to belong to the
dawn of creation.

  The fate that ruled those beings she had
seen must have had that seductive sim-
plicity which a mature mankind had man-
aged to explain away to its own complete
satisfaction. Not being satisfied herself
she envied, for a moment, the lot of that
humble and obscure sister. Nothing stood
between that girl and the truth of her
sensations. She could be sincerely coura-
geous, and tender and passionate and—-
well—ferocious. Why not ferocious? She
could know the truth of terror—and of

72

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE

affection, absolutely, without artificial
trammels, without the pain of restraint.

  Thinking of what such life could be she
felt invaded by that inexplicable exaltation,
the consciousness of their physical capaci^
ties so often given- to intellectual beings.
She glowed with a sudden persuasion that
she also could be equal to such an exist-
ence; and her heart was dilated with a
momentary longing to know the naked
truth of things; the naked truth of life and
passion buried under the growth of cen-
turies.

  She glowed and suddenly she quivered
w’ith the shock of coming to herself, as if
she had fallen down from a star. There
was a sound of rippling water and a shape-
less mass glided out of the dark void she
confronted. A voice below her feet said—
“I made you out—on the sky.”

  A cry of surprize expired on her lips
and she could only peer- downward. Lin-
gard, alone in the brig’s dingey, with an-
other stroke sent the light boat nearly
under the counter, laid his sculls in and
rose from the thwart. His head anti
shoulders loomed up alongside and he had
the appearance of standing upon the sea.
He looked up at the pale oval of her face.
Involuntarily she made a movement of
retreat.

  “Stop,” he said anxiously, “don’t speak
loud. No one must know. Where do
your people think themselves, I wonder? In

a dock at home? And you-”

  “My husband is not on board,” she in-
terrupted hurriedly.

  “I know.”

   She bent a little more over the rail:
“Then you are having us watched. Why?
“Somebody must watch. Your people
keep such a good lookout—don’t they?
Yes. Ever since dark one of my boats has
been dodging astern here in the deep wa-
ter. I swore to myself I would never see
one of you, never speak to one of you here,
that I would be dumb, blind, dead. Do
you know what that means? Deaf, too,
no matter who shouted, and—here I am!’’
While he was speaking her alarm and
mistrust were replaced by an immense
curiosity, burning, yet quiet, too, as if be-
fore the inevitable work of destiny. After
the first gust of emotion it seemed natural
that he should be there speaking, that she
should listen—and presently speak herself.
She looked downward at him. His head

was bared and with one hand upon the
ship’s side he seemed to be thinking deeply.

  “Because you had something more to
tell us?” she suggested gently.

  A moment of profound silence ensued.
“Yes,” he said in a low tone and without
moving in the least.

  “Would you come on board and wait?”
she asked.

  “Who? I!” He lifted his head so quick
as to startle her. “I have nothing to say
to him, and I’ll never put my foot on
board this craft. I’ve been told to go.
That’s enough.”

“He is accustomed to be addressed defer-
entially,” she said after a pause, “and

you-”

  “Who is he?” asked Lingard simply.
These three words seemed to her to scat-
ter her past in the air—like smoke. They
robbed all the multitude of mankind of
every vestige of importance. She was
amazed to find that on this night, in this
place, there could be no adequate answer
to the searching nai'veness of that ques-
tion.

  “I didn’t ask for much,” Lingard began
again. “Did I? Only that you all should
come on board my brig for five days.
That’s all. Give me the time to see, to
turn around. I told him it was the only
way to save you all and at the same time—
do I look like a liar? There are things I
could not tell him. I couldn’t explain—I
couldn’t—not to him—to no man—to no
man in the world—”

  His voice dropped. “To myself,” he mur-
mured, as if in a dream.

  “We have remained unmolested so long
here,” said Mrs. Travers a little unstead-
ily, “that it makes it very difficult to be-
lieve in danger now. We saw no one all
these days except those two people who
came for you. If you may not ex-
plain-”

  “Of course you can’t be expected to see
through a wall,” broke in Lingard. “This
coast’s like a wall, but I know what’s on
the other side. It was I wjjo stirred them
up! And now you come—people of my
own skin as they say. Must I fight them?
Must I? I said to myself, ‘I wouldn’t’.
I hadn’t seen you, then. 1 had forgotten
you were on board this yacht. A yacht
here, of all things that float! When I set
eyes on her I could fancy she hadn’t been
more than an hour from home. I raised

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

73

/
ROMANCE

my eyes to look for the old coast—for Tor-
bay, by heavens; for Brixham! Nothing
but the look of her spars made me think
of old times. And then the faces of the
chaps on board. I seemed to know them
all. It was like home-coming to me when
I wasn’t thinking of it. And I hated the
sight of you all.”

  “If we are exposed to any peril,” she
said after a pause, during which she tried
to penetrate the secret of passion hidden
behind that man’s words, “it need not
affect you. Our other boat is gone to the
Straits and effective help is sure to come
very soon.”

  “Affect me! Is that precious watchman
of yours coming aft? I don’t want any-
body to know I came here again begging,
even of you. Is he coming aft? Listen!
I’ve stopped your other boat.”

  His head and shoulders disappeared, as
if he had dived into a denser layer of
obscurity floating on the water. The
watchman, who had the intention to stretch
himself in one of the deck chairs, catching
sight of the owner’s wife, walked straight
to the lamp that hung under the ridge pole
of the awning, and after fumbling with it
for a time went away forward with an in-
dolent gait.

  “You dared?” she whispered down in an
intense tone, and directly his head
emerged again below her with an upturned
face.

  “I hadn’t many minutes to think about
it. It was dare—or give up. The help
from the Straits would have been too late,
anyhow, if I hadn’t the power to keep you
safe; and if I had the power I could see
you through it all—alone. I expected to
find a reasonable man to talk to. I ought
to have known better. You come from
too far to understand these things. Well,
I dared; I’ve sent after your other boat a
fellow who, with me at his back, would
try to stop the governor of the Straits him-
self. He will do it. Perhaps it’s done al-
ready. You have nothing to look for. But
I am here. You said you believed I meant

well-”

  “Yes,” she murmured.

  “That’s why I am here talking to you.
I thought I would tell you everything. I
had to begin with this business about the
boat. And what do you think of me now?
I’ve cut you off from the rest of the earth.
You people would disappear like a stone in

the water. You left one foreign port for
another. Who’s there to trouble about
what became of you? Who would know?
Who could guess? It would be months
before they began to stir.”

  “I understand,” she said steadily; “we
are helpless.”

  “And alone,” he added.

  After a pause she said in a deliberate,
restrained voice:

  “What does this mean—plunder, cap-
tivity?”

  “It would have meant death if I hadn't
been here,” he answered.

  “But you have the power to-”

  “Why, do you think, you are alive yet?”
he cried. “Jorgenson has been arguing
with them there on shore,” he went on
more calmly with a swing of his arm to-
ward where the night seemed darkest. “Do
you think he would have kept them back
if they hadn’t expected me every day?
His words would have been nothing with-
out my fist.”

  She heard a dull blow struck on the side
df the yacht and concealed in the same
darkness that wrapped the unconcern of
the earth and sea, the fury and the pain
of hearts; she smiled above his head, fas-
cinated by the simplicity of images and
expressions. She was only half conscious
of that smile which lingered unseen on her
lips in the beginning of amused compas-
sion that seemed to detect in the obscurity
of the night, in the words of the man, a
naive and dramatic intensity. Gradually
she lost herself in a mood of dreaminess
altogether disconnected from the fantastic
circumstances of its birth. It came up
within her, uncalled like a memory, and
like a memory wavering and absorbing,
less still than the sea, more obscure than
the night, as strangely simple as the man
silent there below her feet—vast enough
to contain the germs of all the emotions.

  Lingard made a brusk movement, the
lively little boat being unsteady under, him,
and she spoke slowly, absently, as if her
thought had been lost in the vagueness of
her sensations.

  “And this—this—Jorgenson, you said?
Who is he?”

  “A man,” he answered, “a man like my-
self.”

  “Like yourself?”

  “Just like myself,” he said with strange
reluctance, as if admitting a painful truth.

74

THE RESCUE
“More sense, perhaps, but less luck.
Though, since your yacht has turned up
here, I begin to think that mine is nothing
much to boast of either.”

  “Is our presence here so fatal?”

  “It may be death to some. Worse than
death to me. You saw the man and the
girl here. If the thing failed I believe she
would die. And it rests with you in a way.
Think of that! She has done no harm to
you. I can never lind such another chance
again. But that’s nothing. Two years of
life gone by the board. But that’s noth-
ing. A man who has saved my life once
and who I passed my word to would think
I had thrown him over. Let that go, too.
Listen! As true as I stand here in my boat
talking to you, I believe the girl would
die of grief.”

  “You love her,” she said softly.

  “Like my own daughter,” he cried low.
She said “Oh,” faintly and for a mo-
ment there was a silence, then he began
again.

  “Look here. When I was a boy in a
trawler and I looked at you yacht people
in the Channel ports, you were as strange
to me as the Malays here are strange to
you. I am no nearer to your kind now
than you are to that man and that girl.
I left home sixteen years ago and fought
my way all round the earth. I had the
time to forget where I began. What are
you to me against these two? If I was
to die here on the spot would you care?
No one would care at home. No one in
the whole world—but these two.”

  “What can I do?” she asked, and waited.
He seemed to reflect, then lifting his
head, spoke gently.

  “Do you understand the danger you are
in? Are you afraid?”

  “I understand the expression you used,
of course. .Understand the danger?” she
went on immediately. “No—decidedly no.
I can hardly realize you are speaking to
me and—honestly—I am not afraid.”
“Aren’t you?” he said in a disappointed
voice. “Perhaps you don’t believe me.
I believed you, though, when you said you
were sure I meant well. I trusted you
enough to come here asking for your help
—telling you what' no one knows.”

  “You mistake me,” she said with im-
pulsive earnestness. “This is so extraordi-
nary', unusual, sudden, outside my ex-
perience.”

  “Aye! ” he murmured. “What could you
know of danger and trouble? You! But

perhaps by thinking it over-”

  “You want me to think myself into a
fright!” She laughed lightly, and in the
gloom of his thoughts this flash of joyous
sound was incongruous and almost ter-
rible; next moment the illumined night
appeared brilliant like day, warm like sun-
shine; but when she ceased the returning
darkness gave him pain, as if it had struck
heavily against his breast. “I don’t think
I could,” she finished in a serious tone.

  “Couldn’t you?” He hesitated, per-
plexed. “It is not a little to ask of you,”
lie went on very low, “to make it out as
if you were, in a way—anxious. Though
it need be no pretence. Things are bad
enough too to make it no shame. I tell
you,” he said "rapidly, “and I am not a
timid man, I may not be able to do much
if you people don’t help me.”

 “You want me to pretend I am
alarmed?” she asked quickly.

  “Aye, to pretend—as well you may. It’s
a lot to ask of you—who perhaps never
had to make believe a thing—isn’t it?”

  “It is,” she said after a time.

  The unexpected bitterness of her tone
struck him with dismay.

  “Don’t be offended,” he entreated. “I’ve
got to plan a way out of this mess. It’s
no play, either. Could you?”

  “Perhaps, if I tried very much. But to
what end?”

  “You must all shift aboard the brig,”
he began, speaking quickly, “and then we
may get over this trouble without coming
to blows. Now if you were to say that
you wish it, that you feel unsafe in the
yacht—don’t you see?”

  “I see,” she pronounced thoughtfully.
“The brig is small but the cuddy is fit
for a lady,” went on Lingard with anima-
tion.

  “Has it not already sheltered a prin-
cess,” she commented coolly.

  “And I shall not intrude.”

  “This is an inducement.”

  “Nobody will dare to intrude. You
needn’t even see me.”

  “This is almost decisive, only-”

  “I know my place.”

  “Only, I might not have the influence,”
she finished.

  “That I can not believe,” he said
roughly. “The long and the short of it is

75

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

/
ROMANCE

 you don’t trust me because you think that
 only people of your own condition speak
 the truth always.”

 “Evidently,” she murmured.

 “You say to yourself—‘here’s a fellow

 deep in with pirates, thieves, niggers-’ ”

“To be sure-”

 “ ‘A man I never saw the like before,’ ”
 went on Lingard headlong, “ ‘such a damn
 ruffian.’ ”

 He checked himself, full of confusion.
 After a time he heard her saying calmly—
 “You are like other men in this, that you
 get angry when you can not have your
 way at once.”

 “I angry!” he exclaimed in deadened
 voice. “You do not understand. I am
 thinking of you also—it is hard on
 me-”

 “I mistrust not you, only my own
 power. You have produced such an un-
 fortunate Impression on Mr. Travers.”
 “Unfortunate impression! He treated
 me as if I had been a longshore loafer.
 Never mind that. He is your husband.
 Fear in those you care for is hard to bear

 for any man. And so, he-”

“What Machiavellism!”	\

 “Eh, what did you say?”

 “I only wondered where you had ob-
 served that? On the sea?’

 “Observed what?” he said absently.
 Then pursuing his idea. “One word from
 you ought to be enough.”

 “You think so?”

 “I am sure of it. Why, even I, my-
 self-”

 “Of course," she interrupted. “But
 don’t you think that after parting with
 you on such—such—inimical terms, there
 would be a difficulty?”

 “A man like me would do anything for
 money—don’t you see?”

 After a pause she asked—

 “And would you care to appear in such
 a light?”

 “As long as you know better!”

 His voice vibrated—she drew back dis-
 turbed, as if unexpectedly he had touched
 her.

 “What can there be at stake?” she began
 wonderingly.

 “A kingdom,” said Lingard.

 She leaned far over the rail, staring.
 He lifted his'head and their faces, one
 above the other, came very close together.
 “There’s only one other man in these

 seas,” said Lingard, “who ever thought of
 such a thing. And he has done it. But
 he’s a gentleman with plenty of money
 and powerful friends at home. He could
 get a cruiser for the asking and could
 order port captains about like an admiral.
 Once a whole squadron came along to help
 him. He worked for himself. Well, I, too,
 am an adventurer, but there’s no one at
 my back. No one. And I do not work
 for myself. Not in that way.”

  “Not for yourself?” she whispered.

  He felt the touch of her breath on his
forehead and remained still for a moment,
perfectly still as if he did not intend to
move or speak any more.

  “Those things,” he began suddenly,
“come in your way, when you don’t think,
and they get all round you before you
know what you mean to do. When I went
into that bay in New Guinea I never
guessed where that course would take me
to. I could tell you—would you under-
stand? You!”

  He stammered, hesitated, and suddenly
spoke, liberating the visions of two years
into the night where she could see them as
if outlined in words of fire.

VII

HIS tale was as startling as the dis-
covery of a new world. She was
being taken along the boundary of an ex-
citing existence, and she looked into it
through the guileless enthusiasm of the
narrator. The heroic quality of the feel-
ings concealed what was disproportionate
and absurd in that gratitude, in that
friendship, in that inexplicable devotion;
and left to view only the workings of hu-
man sympathy so vast as to possess the
fascination of a monstrous sentiment. The
headlong fierceness of purpose invested his
obscure design of conquest with the pro-
portions of a great enterprise. It was clear
that no vision of a subjugated world could
have been more inspiring to the most
famous adventurer of history.

  From time to time he interrupted him-
self to ask confidently as if he had been
speaking to an old friend, “What would
you have done?” and hurried on without
pausing for approval.

  If struck her that there was a disinter-
estedness in all this, the beauty of an im-
planted faculty of affection that had found

7b

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE

itself, its immediate need of an object and
the way of expansion; a tenderness ex-
pressed violently; a tenderness that could
only be satisfied by backing human beings
against their own destiny. Perhaps her
hate of convention, trammeling, and frank-
ness of her own impulse, had rendered her
more alert to perceive what is intrinsically
great and profound within the forms of
human folly, so simple and so infinitely
varied according to the region of the earth
and to the moment of time.

  He was saying:

  “I noticed them looking at that land f>s
if they were sorry they hadn’t been left to
die there. I had taken them off and there
was only one thing to do. I told myself,
‘I shall bring them back! I shall wake up
that country, by heavens!’ What else
could you have done?”

  And as if she had become very simple
and very accessible to the terror, the poetry
and the sadness that may be found in
obscure events, she seemed to understand
the ardor in the tone, the compelling power
in the vision, and the mastery of the idea
that enters the brain in the night, in a
flash, perhaps in a dream, and clings to a
life and can be only dislodged by death.

  What of it that the narrator was only a
common seaman; the kingdom of the jun-
gle, the men of the forest, the lives ob-
scure! That simple soul was possessed
by the greatness of the idea; there was
nothing sordid in the flaming impulses.
When she once understood that, the story
appealed to the audacity of her thoughts
and she became so charmed with what she
heard that she forgot where she was. She
forgot that she was personally close to
that tale which she saw detached, far away
from her, truth or fiction, presented in
picturesque speech, real only by the re-
sponse of her emotion.

  He paused. In the cessation of the im-
passioned murmur she began to reflect,
with that uncertain hold upon the thought
we have when waking up from a deep
sleep. And at first it was only an op-
pressive notion of there being some sig-
nificance that really mattered in this man’s
story—that mattered to her. For the
first time the shadow of danger and death
crossed her mind. Was that the meaning?
Suddenly in a flash of acute discernment
she saw herself involved helplessly in that
story, as one is involved in a catastrophe.

  He was speaking again. He had not
been silent more than a minute. It seemed
to her that years had elapsed, so different
was the effect of his words. Her mind
was agitated, as if his coming to speak and
confide in her had been a tremendous oc-
currence. It was a fact of her own ex-
istence; it was part of the story also.
That was the disturbing thought. She
heard him pronounce several names: Bel-
arab, Sheriff Daman, old Wa-Ratha,
Panglima, Tengga, Ningart. These be-
longed now to her life and she was ap-
palled to find she was unable to connect
these names with any human appearance.
They stood out alone, as if written on the
night; they took on a symbolic shape; they
imposed themselves upon her senses. She
whispered as if pondering. “Belarab, Da-
man, Ningart,” and these barbarous sounds
seemed to possess an exceptional energy,
a fatal aspect, the savor of madness.

  “Not one of them but has a heavy score
to settle with the whites. What’s that to
me? I had somehow to get men who would
fight. I risked my life'to get that lot.
I made them promises which I shall keep—
or— Can you see now why I dared to
stop your boat? I am in so deep that I
care for no Sir John in the world. When
I look at the work ahead I care for noth-
ing. I gave you one chance—one good
chance. That I had to do. No! I sup-
pose I didn’t look enough of a gentleman.
Yes! Yes! That’s it. Yet I know what
a gentleman is. I lived with them for
years. I chummed with them—yes—on
gold-fields and in other places where a man
has got to show the stuff that’s in him.
Some of them write from home to me here
—such as you see me, because I—never
mind! And I know what a gentleman
could do. Come! Wouldn't he treat a
stranger fairly? Wouldn’t he remember
that no man is a liar till you prove him
so? Wouldn’t he keep his word wherever
given? Well, I am going to do that. Not
a hair of your head shall be touched as
long as I live!”

  She had regained much of her composure,
but at these words she felt that staggering
sense of utter insecurity which is given one
by the first tremor of an earthquake. It
was followed by an expectant stillness of
sensations.. She was silent. He thought
she did not believe him.

  “Come! What on earth do you think

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

77
          r— ROMANCE

brought me here—to—to—talk like this to
you? I had given one good chance. There
was Hassim—Rajah Tulla, I should say—
who was asking me this afternoon ‘What
will you do now with these, your people?’
I believe he thinks yet I fetched you here
for some reason. You can’t tell what
crooked notion they will get into their
thick heads. It’s enough to make one
swear.” He swore. “My people! Are
you? How much? Say—how much?
You’re no more mine than I am yours.
Would any of you fine people at home face
black ruin to save a fishing smack’s crew
from getting drowned?”

  Notwithstanding that sense of insecurity
which lingered faintly in her mind she had
no image of death before her. She felt in-
tensely alive. She felt alive in a flush of
strength, with an impression of novelty as
if life had been the gift of this very mo-
ment. The danger hidden in the night
gave no sign to awaken her terror, but the
workings of a human soul, simple and
violent, were laid bare before her and had
the disturbing charm of an unheard of ex-
perience. She was listening to a man who
concealed norhing. She said interroga-
tively—

  “And yet you have come?”

  “Yes,” he answered, “for you only.”

  The flood tide running strong over the
banks made a placid trickling sound about
the yacht’s rudder.

  “I would not be saved alone.”

  “Then you must bring them over your-
self,” he said in a somber tone. “There’s
the brig. You have me—my men—my
guns. You know what to do.”

   “I will try,” she said.

  “Very well. I am sorry for the poor
devils forward there if you fail. But of
course you won’t. Watch that light on
the brig. I had it hoisted on purpose.
The trouble may be nearer than we think.
Two of my boats are gone scouting among
the islets and if the news they bring is bad
the iight will be lowered. You’ll know
then there’s no time to lose in clearing out
from here. At night, suddenly and with-
out a commanding breeze, I may not be
able to interfere in time. Think what that
means. And I’ve told you what I have told
nobody—think of me also. I told you be-
cause I—because I trust you.”

  He gave a shove against the yacht’s side
and glided away from under her eyes.

  She walked away unsteadily from the •
rail. The lamp and the skylights shone
faintly along the dark stretch of the decks.
This evening was like the last—like all the
evenings before.

  “Is all this possible?” she asked herself.
“No—but it is true.”

  She sat down in a deck chair to think
and found she could only remember. She
was going over her talk with that man.
She jumped up. She was sure somebody
was hailing the yacht faintly. Was he
hailing? She listened and, hearing nothing,
was annoyed with herself for being haunted
by a voice.

  “He said he could trust me. Now what
is this danger? What is danger?”

  Footsteps were coming from forward.
The figure of the watchman flitted vaguely
over the gangway. He was whistling softly
and vanished. Hollow sounds in the boat
succeeded a splash of oars. The night
swallowed these slight noises. She sat
down again and found herself much calmer.

  She had the faculty of being able to
think her own thoughts—and the courage.
This faculty is odious to men since an in-
dividual thought is the condemnation of
the commonplace, the vulgar and the false.
As a gift of Heaven it is at the same time
the most fortunate and the most cruel. In
this exceptional soul the development of
ideas did not dry up the spring of passions,
and she could give to an emotion the am-
plitude of a thought. However impressed
by Lingard's warnings she could take no
action of any kind till her husband’s re-
turn. But Lingard’s warnings were not
what had impressed her most. This man
had presented his innermost self unclothed
by any subterfuge. There were in plain
sight his desires, his perplexities, affections,
doubts, his violence, his folly; and the
existence they made up was lawless, but not
vile.

  She had too much elevation of mind to
look upon him from any other but a strictly
human standpoint. If he trusted her—
how strange; why should he? Was he
wrong—she accepted the trust with scrupu-
lous fairness. And when it dawned upon
her that of all the men in the world this
unquestionably was the one she knew best,
she had a moment of amused wonder fol-
lowed by an impression of profound sad-
ness. It seemed an unfortunate matter
that concerned her alone.

78

THE RESCUE
TTDbPi ”J ROM

  Her thought was suspended while she
listened attentively for the return of the
yacht’s boat. She felt anxious for the
presence of her husband. She was dis-
mayed at the task before her. Not a sound
broke the stillness and she felt as if she
were lost in empty space. Then suddenly
some one amidships yawned immensely
and said:

  ‘‘Oh dear! Oh dear—” a voice asked.
“Ain’t they back yet?”

  A grunt answered.

  And after all the man was touching, be-
cause he could be understood. How sim-
ple was life—she reflected. She recognized
that this man filled her thoughts. She
was frank with herself. She considered
him apart from social organization. She
discovered he had no place in it. How de-
lightful. Here was a human being and the
naked truth of things was not so very far
from her notwithstanding the growth of
centuries. Then it occurred to her that
this man by his action stripped her at once
of her position, of her wealth, of her rank,
of her past. “I am helpless. What re-
mains?” she asked herself. “Nothing!”
Anybody there might have said: “Your
presence.” She was too artificial yet to
think of her beauty and yet the power of
beauty is part of the naked truth of
things.

  She looked over her shoulder and saw
the light at the brig’s foreyard-arm burn-
ing with a strong, calm flame in the dusk
of starlight suspended above the coast.

  She stared intensely into the night as if
she had expected to hear the footsteps, to
see the shape, to feel the touch of that dan-
ger, which words could describe but could
not make clear. She heard the heavy bump
as of a boat run heedlessly against the
ladder. They were back! She rose in
sudden and extreme agitation. How could
she tell? What should she say? How
much? How to begin? Why say any-
thing? It would be absurd, like talking
seriously about a dream. She would not
dare! In a moment she was driven into
a state of mind bordering on distraction.
She heard somebody dash up the gangway
steps. With the idea of gaining time she
walked rapidly aft to the taffrail. The
light of the brig faced her without a flicker,
enormous amongst the suns scattered in
the immensity of the night.

  She fixed her eyes on it. She thought:

  “I shan’t tell him anything. Impossible!
No! I shall tell everything.”

  She expected every moment to hear her
husband’s voice and the suspense was in-
tolerable because she felt that then she
must decide. Somebody on deck was bab-
bling. She devoutly hoped d’Alcacer
would speak first and thus put off the fatal
moment. A voice said roughly—

  “What’s that?”

  And in the midst of her distress she rec-
ognized Carter’s voice, having noticed that
young man who was of a different stamp
from the rest of the crew. She came to the
conclusion that the matter could be related
jocularly, or—why not pretend fear? At
that moment the brig's yardarm-light she
was looking at trembled distinctly and she
was dumfounded, as if she had seen a com-
motion in the firmament. With her lips
open for a cry she saw it fall straight down
several feet, flicker, and go out. All the
perplexity passed from her mind. This
first fact of the danger gave her a thrill
of quite a new emotion. Something had
to be done at once. For some remote rea-
son she felt ashamed of herself.

  She moved swiftly forward and under
the lamp came face to face with Carter
who was coming aft. Both stopped, star-
ing, the light fell on their faces, and both
were struck by each other’s expression.
The four eyes shone wide.

  “You have seen?” she asked, beginning
to tremble.

  “How do you know?” he said at the
same time, evidently surprized.

  Suddenly she saw that everybody was on
deck.

  “The light is out,” she stammered.

  “The gentlemen are lost,” said Carter.
Then he perceived she did not seem to
understand. “Kidnaped off the sand-
bank,” he continued, looking at her fixedly
to-see how she would take it. She seemed
calm. “Kidnaped, like a pair of lambs!
Not a squeak,” he burst out with indigna-
tion. “But the sandbank is long and they
mighj have been at the other end. You
were on deck, ma’am?” he asked.

  “Yes,” she murmured. “In the chair
here.”

  “We were all down below. I had to rest
a little. When I came up the watchman
was asleep. He swears he wasn’t, but I
know better. Nobody heard anything, un-
less you did. But perhaps you were sleep-

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

79
ROMANCE

ing in the chair?” he asked deferentially.

  “Yes—no—I must have been,” she said
faintly.

VIII

LINGARD’S soul was exalted by his
talk with Edith, by the strain of in-
certitude and by extreme fatigue. On
coming aboard he asked after Hassim and
was told that the rajah and his sister had
gone off in their canoe promising to return
before midnight. , The boats sent to ex-
amine the channels between the islets north
and south of the anchorage had not come
back yet. He went into his cabin and
throwing himself on the couch closed his
eyes, thinking—“I mtlst sleep, or I shall go
mad.” The thought that all his future
depended upon the action of the man whom
he defined as a “stuck-up fool” gave him
the sensation of something red-hot in his
head.

  “Will she manage it? If she doesn’t I’m
ruined.”

  At times he felt an unshaken confidence
in her—then he remembered her face.
Next moment the face would fade, he
would make an effort to hold on to the
image, fail—and then become convinced
without the shadow of a doubt that he was
utterly lost, unless he let all these people
be wiped off the face of the earth.

  “They all heard him order me out of
his ship—” he thought, and thereupon for
a second or so he contemplated without
flinching the lurid image of a massacre.
“And yet I told her not a hair of her head.
shall be touched. Not a hair.”

  And irrationally at the recollection of
these words there seemed to be no trouble
of any kind left in the world. Now and
then, however, there were black instants
when from sheer weariness he thought of
nothing at all; and during one of these
he fell asleep, losing the consciousness
of external things as suddenly as if he had
been felled by a blow on the head.

  When he sat up, almost before, he was
properly awake, his first alarmed co’nvic-
tion was that he had slept the night
through. There was a light in the cuddy
and through the open door of his cabin
he saw distinctly the woman with whom
he had been talking pass out of vieto across
the lighted space.

“They did come on board after all—”

he thought— “how is it I haven’t been
called?”

  He leaped out and darted into the cuddy.
Nobody! He listened for footsteps on the
stairs or on the deck above. Nothing!
Looking up at the clock in the skylight he
was vexed to see it had stopped till at last
his ear caught the faint beat of the mecha-
nism. It was going then! He could not
have been asleep more than ten minutes.
He had not been on board more than
twenty!

  So it was only a deception; he had seen
no one. And yet he remembered the turn
of the head, the line of the neck, the color
of the hair, the movement of the passing
figure. He returned spiritlessly to his state-
room, muttering—“No more sleep for me
tonight,” and came out directly, holding a
few sheets of paper closely covered with a
high angular hand-writing.

  This was Jorgenson’s letter written three
days before and entrusted to Hassim. He
had read it already twice in the afternoon,
but he turned up the lamp a little higher
and sat down to read it again. Above his
head the barrels of the muskets glinted in
a level row and at his back the rudder-
casing encircled by bayonets resembled
a squat column of steel with a wrought
band of-brass for capital. On the red shield
the gilt sheaf of thunderbolts darting be-
tween the initials of his name seemed to
be aimed straight at the nape of his neck
as he sat with bared elbows spread on the
table, pouring over the crumpled sheets.

  The letter began:

  Hassim and Immada are going out tonight to
look for you. You are behind your time as it
is and every passing day makes things worse.
I write this not knowing if I shall be alive
when you turn up. Nobody is after me yet,
and I have been in tighter places; but then I
had only my own conscience to reckon with.
Now it is yours. I don't know you, Tom Lin-
gard, if you don't make a lot of trouble for your-
self out of this affair. Out of all the lot of
traders that rushed these seas of late, you are
the only man something after my mind. But you
mean so well about so many things that a hellish
mess is all I expect. I went in for more des-
perate jobs than any you can find to do now-a-
days and all the time I meant well only to my-
self. I am smashed up, but I stuck to it, and
after these years I may say not one of the men
I helped has a right to curse me. Will you be
able to say the same by-and-by?”

  Here the first loose page ended. Lin-
gard looked at it for some time with a

80

THE RESCUE
     --R o M A N C E _

troubled face, then laid it aside and went
on reading.

  “Ten days ago three of Belarab's men, who
bad been collecting turtle's eggs on the islets,
came flying back with a story of a ship stranded
on the outer mudflats. Belarab at once forbade
any boats from leaving the lagoon. So far, good.
There were many surmises as to the character
of the vessel and a great excitement in the
village. The general talk is of a ship-of-war. I
judged it must be a schooner—probably some
fool of a trader. However, you will know all
about her when you read this. You may say I
might have pulled out tq sea to have a look by
myself. But beside Belarab's orders to the con-
trary. which I would attend to for the sake of ex-
ample, all you are worth in this world, Tom, is
here in the Emma, under my feet, and I would
not leave my charge even for half a day.

  "Hassim attended the council held every
evening in the shed outside Belarab’s stockade.
Holy old Ningart was for looting that vessel.
Hassim reproved him, saying that the vessel
probably was sent by you because no white
men were known to come inside the shoals.
Belarab backed Hassim. Ningart was very angry
and reproached Belarab for keeping him, Nin-
gart, short of opium to smoke. He began by
calling him ‘0 son,’ and ended by shouting ‘0
you worse than an unbeliever!’ Two of Belarab’s
men drew krisses. There was a hullabaloo. The
followers of Tengga were ready to interfere and
you know how it is between Tengga and Belarab.
Datu Tengga always wanted to oust Belarab,
and his chances wero getting pretty good before
you showed up and armed Belarab’s bodyguard
with muskets. Hassim _ stopped the row, and
no one was hurt that time; but next day, which
was Friday, Ningart, after reading the prayers in
the mosque, talked to the people outside.

  “He bleated and capered like an old goat,
prophesying misfortune, ruin and extermination
if these whites were allowed to get away. He
is mad, but then they think him a saint and
he had been fighting the Dutch for years in his
young days. Six of Belarab's men marched
down the village street carrying muskets at full
cock and the crowd cleared out. Ningart was
taken away by Tengga's men into their master’s
stockade. He's pretty near as strong as Belarab
and if it was not for the fear of you turning
up soon there would have been a fight that
evening. I think it is a pity Tengga is not chief
of the land instead of Belarab. A brave and
foresighted man, however treacherous or violent,
can always be trusted to a certain extent. I
can never get anything clear "from Belarab. He
is crafty but muddle-headed, I think. Unless
he’s too deep for me. Maybe he would like to
see Tengga go for that wretched ship, because
he would have a good chance, while Tengga is
busy outside, to get into his stockade. Then he
could make what terms he liked with the Datu.
But he won’t let any of the village people have
a finger in a looting job. Peace! Peace! You
know his fad. And this fad makes him act
^ The peace racket will get him into a row.
•It will cost him his life yet. Many of the old
villagers would follow Tengga.

   “Walking ashore the other night I saw' that
 old Sura—the old carver of handles and sheathes
 —cleaning a rusty flintlock. ‘What news?’ I
 asked. The news is good, O Tuan,’ says he.
 ‘Please God we will fight a little, and get a
 little loot, too, mayhap, as men should.’ There
 are many more like that old fellow. I pointed
 out to Belarab how risky it would be if his peo-
 ple interfered with the whites. He sees that,
 but at the same time he is anxious for Tengga
 to do something rash which would give him,
 Belarab, the upper hand. Meantime Tengga
 does not feel himself strong enough to act with
 his own followers only and Belarab has, on my
 advice, disarmed the villagers. His men went
 into the houses and took away by force all the
 firearms and as many spears as they could lay
 hands on. The women screamed abuse of course,
 but there was no resistance. A few men were
 seen clearing out into the forest with their arms.
 Note this, for it means there is another power
 besides Belarab's in the village. Clearly Tengga.

   “One morning—four days ago—I went to see
 Tengga. I found him by the shore trimming a
 plank with a small hatchet while a slave held
 an umbrella over his head. He is amusing him-
 self in building a boat just now. He threw his
 hatchet down to meet me and led me by the
 hand to a shady spot. Several men, with swords,
 shield and lance, lounged about. He told me
 frankly he had sent out two good swimmers to
 observe the stranded vessel. These men stole
 down the crcek in a canoe and when on the sea-
 coast swam from sandbank to sandbank until
 they approached unobserved—I think—to about
 fifty yards from that schooner. What is that
 craft? I can’t make it out. The men report
 there are three chiefs on board. One whose
 eye glitters, one a lean man in white and there's
 another without ;iny hair on the face and
 dressed differently to the others. Could it be a
 woman? I don’t know what to think. I wish
 - you were here.

   “After a lot of chatter Tengga said, ‘Six years
 ago I was ruler of a country and the Dutch
 drove me out. The country was small, but
 nothing is too small for them to take. They
 pretended to give it back to my nephew—may
 he bum! I ran away, or they would have killed
 me. I am nothing here—but I remember. These
 people out there can not run away and they
 are very few. There is perhaps a little to take.
 I would give it to my men who followed me
 in my calamity, because I am their chief and my
 father was the chief of their fathers.’ I pointed
 out the imprudence of this. He said—‘the dead
 do not show the way.’ To this I remarked that
 the ignorant do not give information. He kept
 quiet for a while, then with grave bitterness,
 said: ‘We must not touch them because their
 skin is like yours and to kill them would be
 wrong, but at the bidding of you whites we
 may go and fight with people of our skin and
 our own faith—and that is good. I have
 promised to Tuan Lingard twenty men and a
 prau to make war in Wajo. The men are good
 and look at the prau; it is swift and strong.'
 I must say, Tom, the 1prau is the best craft of the
 kind I have ever seen. I said you paid him for
 the help. ‘And I also would pay,’ says he, ‘if
 you let me have a few guns and a little powder

Si

BY JOSEPH CONRAD
 for my men. We shall share the loot of that
 ship outside, only you and I, and Tuan Lingard
 will not know. It is only a little game. You
 have plenty of guns and powder under your
 care.’ He meant in the Emma.

    “On that I spoke out pretty straight, and we
 got rather warm until at last he gave me to
 understand that as he had about forty men of
 his own and I had only nine of Hassim's chaps
 to defend the Emma with, he could very well
 go for me and get the lot. ‘And then,' says he,
 ‘I would be so strong that everybody would be
 on my side.' I discovered in the course of
 further talk that there is a notion amongst many
 people that you have come to grief in some way
 and won’t show up again—in fact that the
 great queen had ordered the Tran Besar, the
 great lord in Singapore, to imprison and fine you,
 it being improper—as Tcngga said—for a com-
 mon Nathoda like you to be so rich and power-
 ful. After this I saw the position was serious
 and I was in a hurry to get to the Emnta; but
 pretending I did not care, I said you were a
 friend to the great lord in Singapore, at which
 he smiled. Then I smiled, too, and thanked him
 for giving me warning of his intentions about
 me and the Emma. At this he nearly choked
 himself with his betel quid and fixing me with
 his little eyes, muttered—‘even a lizard will give
 a fly the time to say its prayers.1 I turned my
 back on him and was very thankful to get be-
 yond the throw of a spear. I haven't been out
 of the Emma since. Hassim and Immada left
 Belarab and came to live on board that same
 day, but Hassim goes ashore every day to watch
 what's going on.”

IX

 THE letter went on to describe with
 careful minuteness the intrigues of
 Tengga, the wavering conduct of Belarab
 and the state of the public mind. It noted
 every gust of opinion and every event with
 an earnestness of belief in their importance
 befitting the chronicle of a crisis in the his-
 tory of an empire. The shade of Jorgen-
 son had indeed stepped back into the life
 of men. It looked at passions miserable
 and poignant, the love of loot and the love
 of danger, at the strength of hereditary
 instincts and at the stir of slumbering de-
 sire. The old adventurer did not express
 any opinion on what he saw. He simply
 looked on with a perfect understanding of
 the value of trifles, using his eyes for that
 other man whose conscience would have the
 __task to unravel the tangle. Lingard had
 his need to know as exactly satisfied as
 if he had seen. He could picture to him-
 self the faces, the gestures; he could al-
 most imagine the very inflections of voices
 and detect the fundamental significance
 of tones and glances. He lived through

THE R

those days in the settlement and was thank-
ful to Jorgenson; only as he lived not from
day to day but from sentence to sentence
of the writing there was an effect of be-
wildering rapidity in the succession of
events that Inade him grunt with surprize
sometimes or growl—“What?” to himself
angrily and turn back several lines or a
whole page more than once. Toward the
end he had a heavy frown of perplexity and
fidgeted as he read.

  “—and I began to think I could keep things
quiet till you came or those wretched people got
their schooner off, when Sherif Daman arrived
from the north on the very day he was ex-
pected, with two Illanun praus. I did not exp^gt
to see such a soft-spoken man. He looks like
a Hindu. It is very evident to me he can wind
the two Illanun pangerans round his little finger.
The two praus are large and armed with one
long gun and several four-pounder pieces. They
sneaked all down the Bruni coast without being
seen by a single cruiser and made for the south
entrance where Belarab had planted a beacon,
so that they did not pass anywhere near the
stranded schooner, though they did see her, of
course. They came up the creek, flags and
streamers flying, beating drums and gongs and
entered the lagoon with their decks full of armed
men brandishing two-handed swords and sound-
ing the war cry. A fine sight. • They have
women and children with them, as is their
custom, anil I must say they do look as if they
would neither give nor expect quarter in war.
It is a fine force for you, only Belarab who is a
perverse devil would not receive Sherif Daman
at once. So Daman went to see Tengga who
kept him a very longr time. Leaving Tcngga he
came on board the Emma, and I could sec
directly there was something up.

  “He began by asking me for the ammunition
and weapons they arc to get from you, saying
he was anxious to sail at once toward Wajo,
since it was agreed he was to precede you by a
few days. I replied that that was true enough
but that I could not think of giving him the
powder and muskets till you came. He began
to talk about you and hinted that perhaps you
will never come. ‘And no matter,' says he,
‘here is Rajah Hassim and the Lady Immada
and we would fight for them if no white man
was left in the world. Only we must have
something to fight with.’ He pretended then
to forget me altogether and talked with Hassim
while I sat listening. He began to boast how
well he got alone the Bruni coast. No Illanun
prau had passed down that coast for years. I
broke in, remarking that all the English men-
of-war were up on,the coast of China where
there was war going. He turned sharp at me
and says—‘The white men will kill many China-
men. I said, ‘1 expect so.' ‘How many,’ he asks,
‘many hundreds, or maybe several thousands?’

I said, ‘Yes, several thousands, no doubt.’ Then,
looking thoughtfully all over the lagoon, he
says, ‘Ten years ago the whites hanged my
father and two brothers for killing only eight

:scue
          — ROMANCE

Chinamen—only eight wretched Chinamen.' I
was so taken aback I could not say a word,
jt came to my recollection that man's family
must have been chiefs of Tampassuk which was
taken and burnt by the fleet many years ago
on account of the piratical habits of the people.
There was some hanging done, too, no doubt
about it. This is bad. This man must have
been very young at the time, but he seems to
have been brooding over it—and that is dangerous
in a native.

  “I said at last, with don’t-carc-a-damn air,
that white men were not so easy to kill as
Chinamen— ‘No,’ says he and sighed. Immada
wanted me to give the arms he was asking for.
The girl is beside herself with fear of some-
thing happening that would put a stopper on
the Wajo expedition. She has set her mind on
getting her country back. Hassim is very re-
served but he is very anxious, too. Daman
got nothing from me, and that very evening
the praus were ordered by Bel»b to leave the
lagoon. He does not trust the Illanuns and
small blame to him. Sheriff Daman went. He
has no powder for his guns. As the praus
passed by the Emma he shouted to me he was
going to wait for you in a creek ten miles south
from here. Tengga has given him a man who
would show him the place. All this looks very
queer to me.

  “I did think for a moment of sending word
to these white peopla to clear out—anyhow—in
their boats, if they can’t get the schooner off.
But after all I daren’t give your whole show
away. Besides, would they have believed me?

I	don’t know who these whites are. Not traders
—I am certain.

  “Look out outside then. The /trails are hiding
in that creek or else dodging amongst the islets.
Daman has been up here twice in a war canoe
belonging to one of the praus. He visits Tengga.
Tengga called on me as a good friend to try and
persuade me to give Daman the arms and gun-
powder he is so anxious to get. Somehow or
other they tried to get around Belarab, who
came to see me last night and hinted I had better
do so. He is anxious for these Illanuns to leave
the neighborhood. He thinks that if they can
loot the schooner they will be off at once. That’s
all he wants now. Immada has been to see
Belarab’s women and stopped two nights in the
stockade. Belarab's youngest wife—he got mar.
ried six weeks ago—is on the side of Tengga’s
party because she thinks the chief would get a
share of the loot and she got into her silly head
there are jewels and silks in that schooner. What
between Tengga worrying him outside and the
women worrying him at home, Belarab had
such a lively time of it that he concluded to go to
pray at his father’s tomb. So for the last two
days he has been away camping in that un-
healthy place. When he comes back he will
have fever as sure as fate and then he will be
no good for anything. Tengga lit up a#smoky
fire this morning. Some signal to Daman. I
went ashore with Hassim’s men and put it out.
Tins was risking a fight—for Tengga’s men
looked very black at me. I don't know what
the next move may be. Hassim’s as true as
steel. Immada is very unhappy. They will tell
you many details I had no time to write.”

 ' The last page fluttered on the table out
 of Lingard’s fingers. He sat very still for
 a moment looking straight before him, then
 went on deck.

   “Our boats back yet?” he asked Shaw
 whom he saw prowling on the quarter-deck.

   “No, sir, I wish they were. I am wait-
 ing for them to go and turn in,” answered
 the mate in an aggrieved manner.

    “Lower that light there,” cried Lingard,
 suddenly, in Malay.

    “This trade isn’t fit for a decent man,”
 muttered Shaw to himself, and he moved
 away to lean on the rail, looking moodily
 to seaward. After a while, “there seems
 to be commotion on board that yacht,”
 he said. “I see a lot of lights moving about
 aft. Anything wrong do you think, sir?”

   “No, I know what it is,” said Lingard
 in a tone of elation.

    “She has done it,” he thought.

    He returned to the cabin, put away Jor-
 genson’s letter and pulled out the drawer
 of the table. It was full of cartridges.
 He took a musket down, loaded it, then
 took another and another. He bit the
 cartridges, hammered at the waddings with
 fierce joyousness, with something impa-
 tient in his movements. The ramrods rang
 and jumped. The table was covered with
 loaded mufekets. It seemed to him he was
 doing his share of some work in which
 that woman was playing her part faith-
 fully.

    “She has done it,” he repeated mentally.
 “She has done it. And why? She does not
 understand anything of danger. It looks
 as if she had done it for me. Imagine her
 in that cabin!” And with his teeth fastened
 in a cartridge he stood looking across the
 table at the settee as if she had been
 sitting tl^re before his eyes. “I could
 talk to her just as if I had known her from
 a child,” he muttered, flinging a ram-
 rod down the barrel violently.

   The intimacy of his thought with that
 woman seemed to affect his body like
 strong drink, so that while cocking a
 musket he swayed a little. His hand trem-
 bled when he picked up a little copper-
 cap that shone like a tiny red spark be-
 tween his big fingers. He pressed it stead-
 ily on the nipple, and his face was very
 still. They would be here directly. She
 would be on board here.

   “All her doing. No friend could have
 served me better.” He smiled with a dazed

83

BY JOSEPH CONRAD
ROMANCE

 air at the loaded firearms, at the red
 shield, all around at the white and gold
 paneling of the cuddy. “She's like those
 women you read about. She took my
 breath away the first time I looked at her.

   “She walks like a clipper swims. You
would think there could be no such eyes.
When you look at them you could fancy
yourself away up sitting on a royal truck.
My word—you want a steady head—a
steady head—” Leaning with both hands
on the table he lost himself completely—
“I would never have had the pluck to
speak to her if my blood hadn’t been up
on account of that fool. Her husband!
A whiskered little skunk—I could shake
his little soul out-”

   He shook at arm’s length his clenched
 hand as if he had somebody by the throat.
 He was placated by the recollection that
 she was coming on board.

   “She will sit in the cuddy. She will
sleep in my berth. Well, I’m not ashamed
of the brig. By heavens—no! I shall
keep away; never come near them as I’ve
promised. Now there's nothing more to
say. I’ve told her everything at once.
There’s nothing more.”

  He felt a heaviness in his burning
breast, in all his limbs, as if the blood
in his veins had become molten lead.

   “I shall get the yacht off. Three, four
 days—no, a week.”

   He found he couldn’t do it under a week.
 It occurred to him he would see her every
 day till the yacht was afloat. No, he
 wouldn’t intrude, but he was master and
 owner of the brig after all. He didn’t
 mean to skulk like a whipped cur about his
 own decks.

   “It’ll be ten days before the schooner
 •is ready. I’ll take every scrap of ballast
 out of her. I’ll strip her—I’ll take her
 lower masts out of her, by heavens! I’ll
 make sure. Then another week to fit out
 —and—good-by. Wish I had never seen
 them. Good-by—forever. Home’s the
 place for them. Not for me. On another
 coast she would not have listened. Ah,
 but she is a woman—every inch of her.
 I shall shake hands. Yes. I shall take
 her hand—if I have to kill a man for it.
 Yes—just before she goes. Why the devil
 not? I am master here after all—in this
 brig—as good as any one—by heavens,
 better than any one—better than any one
 on earth.”

84

nru? 11*

  He heard Shaw walk smartly forward
above his head hailing—

  “What’s that—a boat?”

  A voice answered indistinctly.

  “One of my boats is back,” thought Lin-
gard. “News about Daman perhaps. I
don’t care if he kicks. I wish he would.
I would soon show her I can fight as well
as I can handle the brig. Two praus.
Only two praus. I wouldn’t mind if there
were twenty. I would sweep ’em off the
sea—I would blow ’em out of the water—
I would make the brig walk over them.
‘Now,’ I’d say to her, ‘you who are not
afraid, now look how it’s done. This would
be danger for any other man. Look! ’ ”

  He felt light. He had the sensation of
being whirled high in the midst of an up-
roar and as powerless as a feather in a
hurricane. He shuddered profoundly and
leaned the musket gently against the edge
of the table.

  “No fighting,” he murmured. His face
became drawn; his eyes had a careworn
look. “What am I thinking of! There
must be no fighting. I went to her—she
is coming—for that.”

  His arms hung down, and he stood be-
fore the table staring like a man overcome
by some fatal intelligence.

  Shaw going into the waist to receive
what he thought was one of the brig’s
boats, came against Carter making his
way aft hurriedly.

  “Hullo! Is it you again?” he said,
swiftly barring the way.

  “I come from the yacht,” began Carter
with some impatience.

  “Where else could you come from?”
said Shaw. “And what might you want?”
“I want to see your skipper.”

  “Well, you can’t,” declared Shaw vic-
iously. “He’s turned in for the night.”
“Call him up, he expects me,” said Car-
ter stamping his foot. “I’ve got to tell him
what happened.”

  “Don’t you fret yourself, young man,”
said Shaw in a superior manner; “he knows
all about it.”

  They stood suddenly silent in the dark.
Carter seemed at a loss what to do. Shaw,
though surprized by it, enjoyed the effect
he had produced.

“Damn me, if I did not think so,” mur-
mured Carter to himself; then drawling
coolly asked—“And perhaps you know?”
“What do you think? Think I am a

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE

dummy here? I ain't mate of this brig
for nothing.”

  “No, you are not,” said Carter with a
certain bitterness of tone. “People do all
kinds of queer things for a living, and I
am not particular myself; but I should
think twice before taking your billet.”
“What? What do you in-si-un-ate? My
billet? You ain’t fit for it, you yacht-
swabbing, brass-buttoned imposter.”
“What’s this? Any of our boats back?”
asked Lingard from the poop. ‘‘Let the
specanie in charge come to me at once.”
“There’s only a message from the yacht,”
began Shaw deliberately.

  “Yacht! Get the deck lamps along here
in the waist! See the ladder lowered. Bear
a hand, Serang! Mr. Shaw! Burn the
flare-up aft. Two of {hem! Give light
to the boats that will be coming alongside.
Steward! Where’s that steward? Turn
him out then.”

  Bare feet began to patter all round
Carter. Shadows glided swiftly.

  “Are these flares coming? Where’s the
quartermaster on duty?” shouted Lingard
in English and Malay. “This way, come
here! Mara Sini, damn you! Put it on
a rocket stick—can’t you? Hold over the
side—thus! Stand by with the lines for
the boats forward there. Mr. Shaw—we
want light!”

  “Aye, aye, sir,” called out Shaw, but
he did not move, as if dazed by the vehe-
mence of his commander.

  “That’s what we want,” muttered Carter
under his breath. “Imposter! What do
you call yourself?” he said half aloud to
Shaw.

  The ruddy glare of the flares disclosed
Lingard from head to foot, standing at
the break of the poop. His head was
bare; his face, crudely lighted, had a
fierce and changing expression in the
sway of flames.

  “What can be his game?” thought
Carter, impressed by the powerful and
wild aspect of that figure. “He seems to
iee something. He’s changed somehow
since I saw him first,” he reflected.

  It struck him the change was serious,
not exactly for the worse, perhaps—and
yet. . . By the Lord Harry, he looks a
little mad! Lingard smiled at him from
the poop.

  Carter went up the steps and without

pausing informed him of what had hap-
pened.

  “Mrs. Travers told me to go to you 'at
once. She's very upset as you may guess,”
he drawled, looking Lingard hard in the
face. Lingard knitted his eyebrows.
“The hands, too, are scared,” Carter went
on. “They fancy the savages, or whatever
they may be who stole the owner, are go-
ing to board the yacht every minute. I

don’t think so myself, but-”

  “Quite right—most unlikely,” muttered
Lingard.

  “Aye, I dare say you know all about
it,” continued Carter coolly, “the men are
startled and no mistake, but I can’t blame
them very much. There isn’t enough even
of carving knives aboard to go round. One
old signal gun! A poor show for better
men than they.”

  “There’s no mistake, I suppose, about
this affair?” asked Lingard.

  “Well, unless the gentlemen are having
a lark with us at hide and seek. The man
says he wasted ten minutes at the point,
then pulled slowly along the bank looking
out, expecting to see them walking back.
He made the trunk of a tree apparently
stranded on the sand and as he was scull-
ing past he says a man jumped up from
behind that log, flung a stick at him and
went off running. He backed water at
once and began to shout, ‘Are you there,
sir?’ No one answered. He could hear
the bushes rustle and some strange noises
like whisperings. It was very dark. After
calling out several times and waiting on
his oars, he got frightened and pulled back
to the yacht. That is clear enough. The
only doubt in my mind is if they are alive
or not. I didn’t let on to Mrs. Travers.
That’s a kind of thing you keep to your-
self, of course.” i

  “I don’t think they are dead,” said
Lingard slowly and as if thinking of some-
thing else.

  “Oh! If you say so it’s all right,” said
Carter, with deliberation.

  “What?” asked Lingard absently;
“fling a stick, did they? Fling a spear!”
“That’s it!” assented Carter; “but I
didn’t say anything. I only wondered if
the same kind of stick hadn’t been flung
at the owner, that’s all. But I suppose
you know your own business best,
Captain.”

  Lingard, grasping his whole beard, re-

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

8*
ROMANCE

fleeted profoundly, erect and with bowed
head in the glare of the flares.

  “I suppose you think it’s my doing,”
he asked sharply without looking up.

  Carter surveyed him with a candidly
curious gaze.

  “Well, Captain, Mrs. Travers did let on
a bit to me about our chief-ofticer’s boat.
You've stopped it, haven’t you? How she
got to know God only knows. She was
sorry she spoke, too, but it wasn’t so
much of a news to me as she thought. I
can put two and two together, sometimes.
These rockets last night, eh? I wished I
had bitten my tongue out before I told
you about our first gig. But I was taken
unawares. Wasn’t I? I put it to you.
Wasn’t I? And so I told her, when she
asked me, what passed between you and
me on board this brig not twenty-four
hours ago. Things look different now
all of a sudden. Enough to scare a woman,
but she is the best man of them all on
board. The others are fairly off ' the
chump because it’s a bit dark and some-
thing has happened they ain’t used to.
But she has something on her mind. I
can’t make her out!” He paused, wriggled
his shoulders slightly—“No more than I
can make you out,” he added.

   “That’s your trouble, is it?” said Lingard.

  “Aye, Captain. Is it all clear to you?
Stopping boats, kidnaping gentlemen.
That’s fun in a way, only—I am a young-
ster to you—but is it all clear to you?
Old Robinson wasn’t particular, you know,
and he-”

  “Clearer than daylight,” cried Lingard
hotly. “I can’t give up-”

  He checked himself. Carter waited. The
flare-bearers stood rigid, turning their
faces away from the flame, and in the
play of gleams at its foot the mast near-by
like a lofty column, ascended in the great
darkness. A lot of ropes ran ups'.anling
into a dark void and were lost to sight,
but high aloft a brace block gleamed
white, the end of a yardarm could be
seen suspended in the air and as if glow-
ing with its own light. The sky had
clouded over the brig without a breath of
wind.

  “Give up,” repeated Carter with an un-
easy shuffle of feet.

  “Nobody,” finished Lingard. “I can’t.
It’s as clear as daylight. I can’t! No!
Nothing!”

  He stared straight out afar, and after
looking at him Carter felt moved by a bit
of youthful intuition to murmur, “That’s
bad,” in a tone that almost in spite of
himself hinted at the dawning of a be-
fogged compassion. He did' not believe
there was any daylight to be seen, aye,
not even by the man who stood there
looking strong enough to “knock down a
wall.” Was it compassion he felt? It
must have been, since in that misty feel-
ing that came to him he associated the
man before his eyes with the perplexed,
the resolute, the hesitating, the assured,
the bewildered figure of the woman who
had sent him in hot haste on board the brig
with a message of trust spoken with an
air of mingled confidence and preoccu-
pation, as if -her mind had been following
while she spoke some other meaning of the
same plain words; an inward meaning
leading her away from the simple neces-
sities of the case.

  He had a sense of confusion within him,
the sense of mystery without. He had
never experienced anything like it all the
time when serving with old Robinson in
the Ly-c-moon. And yet he had seen and
taken part in some queer doings that were
not clear to him at the time. They were
secret, but they suggested something com-
prehensible. This affair did not. It had
somehow a subtlety that affected him. He
was uneasy as if there had been a breath
of magic of events and men giving to this
complicatioa of a yachting voyage a sig-
nificance impossible to perceive, but felt in
the words, in the gestures, in the events,
which made them all strangely startling.

  He was not one who could keep track
of his sensations, and besides he had not
the.leisure. He had to answer Lingard’s
questions about the people of the yacht.
No, he couldn’t say Mrs. Travers was
what you may call frightened. She seemed
to have something in her mind. Oh yes!
The chaps were in a funk. Would they
fight? Anybody would fight when driven
to it, funk or no funk. That was his
experience. Naturally one liked to have
something better than a handspike to do it
with. Still--

  In the pause Carter seemed to weigh
with composure the chances of men with
handspikes.

  “What do you want to fight them for?”
he asked suddenly.

86

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE ^—

  Lingard started.

  “I don’t^’ he said; “I wouldn’t be asking
you.”

  “There’s no saying what you would do,
Captain,” replied Carter. “'It isn’t twenty-
four hours since you wanted to shoot me;

I haven’t fongotten that.”

  “I only said I would, rather than let
you go raising trouble for me,” explained
Lingard.

  “One night isn’t like another,” mumbled
Carter, “but how am I to know! It seems
to me you are making trouble for your-
self as fast as you can.”

  “Well, supposing I am,” said Lingard
with a sudden gloominess. “Would your
men fight if I armed them properly?”

  “What—for you or for themselves?”
asked Carter.

  “For the woman, damn it!” burst out
Lingard; “you forget there’s a woman on
board. VI don’t care that for their car-
cases.”

  Carter pondered conscientiously.

  “Not tonight,” he said at last. “There’s
one or two good men amongst them, but
the rest are struck all of a heap. Not to-
night. Give them time to get steady a bit
if you want them to fight.”

  He gave facts and opinions with a mix- •
ture of loyalty and mistrust. His own
state puzzled him exceedingly. He
couldn’t make out anything; he did not
know what to believe and yet he had an
impulsiye desire, an inspired desire to help
the man. At times it appeared a neces-
sity—at others, policy—between whiles, a
great folly, which perhaps did not matter
because he suspected himself of being
helpless, anyway. Then he had moments
of anger. In those moments he would
feel in his pocket the butt of a loaded
pistol. He had provided himself with the
weapon which hung on a rail in the sailing-
master’s cabin, when directed by Mrs.
Travers to go on board the brig.

  “If he wants, to interfere with me I’ll
let drive at him and take my chance of
getting away,” he had explained hur-
riedly.

  He remembered how startled Mrs.
Travers looked. Of course a woman like
that—not used to hear such talk. There-
fore it was no use listening to her, except
for manner’s sake. Once bit, twice shy.
He had no mind to be kidnaped, not he,
nor bullied either.

  “I can’t let him nab me, loo. You will
want me now, Mrs. Travers,” he had said;
“and I promise you not to lire off the old
thing unless he jolly well forces me to.”

  He was youthfully wise in his resolu-
tion not to give way to her entreaties,
though her extraordinary agitation did
stagger him for a moment. It was part
of that inexplicable quality pervading the
events of the last twenty-four hours. She
seemed more scared than when she heard
first of her husband’s disappearance. Not
mean to kill him! It was just when he
meant “if it came to it,” but women don’t
look in the same way at these things.
When the boat was already on its way to
the brig, he remembered her calling out
after him:

  “You must not! You don’t under-
stand.”

  Her voice coming faintly in the dark-
ness moved him, it resembled so much a
cry of distress.

  “Give way boys, give way,” he urged
his men.

  He was wise, resolute, and he was also
youthful enough to almost wish it should
“come to it.” And with foresight he even
instructed the boat’s crew to keep the gig
just abaft the main rigging of the brig.

  “When you see me drop into her all
of a sudden, shove off and pull for dear
life.”

  Somehow, just then he was not so
anxious for a shot, but he held on with a
determined mental grasp to his fine reso-
lution lest it should slip away from him
and perish in a sea of doubts.

  “Hadn’t I better get back to the
yacht?” he asked gently. Getting no
answer he went on with deliberation:
“Mrs. Travers .ordered me to say that
no matter how ’This came about she is
ready to trust you. She is waiting for
some kind of answer, I suppose.”

  “Ready to trust me?” repeated Lin-
gard.

  His eyes lit up with pleasure. He looked
about proudly—then sighed. “She’s not
the only one to trust me.” he said, fasten-'
ing his eyes upon Carter, who managed
to appear perfectly unconcerned.

  Every sway of flares tossed slightly to
and fro the massy shadows of the main
deck where here and there the figure of a
man could be seen standing very still with
a dusky face and glittering eyeballs.

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

87
ROMANCE

  Carter stole his hand warily into his-
breast pocket—

  “Well, Captain,” he said.

  He was not going to be bullied, let the
owner’s wife trust whom she liked.

  “Have you got anything in writing for
me there?” asked Lingard, advancing a
pace.

  Carter, alert, stepped back to keep his
distance. Shaw, who had listened, disre-
garded, stared from the side; his rub-
icund checks quivered; his round eyes
seemed starting out of his head and his
mouth was open as if he had been ready
to choke with pent up curiosity, amaze-
ment and indignation.

  “No! Not in writing,” said Carter,
steadily and low.

  Lingard had the air of being awakened
by a shout. The troubled gaze, the con-
templative expression of one who, while
speaking to men, communes with a vision,
vanished from his face. A heavy and
darkening frown seemed to fall out of the
night upon his forehead and swiftly passed
into the night again, and when it departed
it left his visage so calm, his glance so
lucid, his mien so composed, that it was
difficult to believe the man’s heart had
undergone within the last second the trial
of humiliation and of danger. He smiled
sadly.

  “Well, young man,” he asked with a
kind of good-humored resignation, “what
is it you have there? A knife or a pistol?”

  “A pistol,” said Carter. “Are you sur-
prized, Captain?” He spoke with heat be-
cause a sense of regret was stealing slowly
within him, as stealthily, as irresistibly as
the flowing tide. “I wasn’t going to be
taken unaware if you had the fancy to talk
again about shooting. Who began these
tricks?” He withdrew his hand, empty,
and raised his voice. “You are up to some-
thing I can’t make out. You—you are
not straight.”

  The flares held on high streamed right
up without swaying and in that instant of
profound calm the shadows on the brig’s
deck became as still as the men.

  “You think I am not?” said Lingard
thoughtfully.

  Carter nodded. He resented the turn
of the incident and the growing impulse
to surrender to that man.

  “I didn’t think I could be such a fool,”
he thought.

   “Mrs. Travers trusts me, though,” said
Lingard with gentle triumph as if advanc-
ing an unanswerable argument of defence.

  “So she says,” grunted Carter; “I
warned her. She’s a baby. They’re all
as innocent as babies there. And you
know it. And I know it. 'I’ve heard of
your kind. You would dump the lot of us
overboard if it served your turn. That's
what I believe.”

   “And that’s all.”

   Carter nodded slightly and looked away.
There was a silence. Lingard’s eyes trav-
eled over the brig. The lighted part of
the vessel appeared in bright and wavering
detail walled and canopied by the night.
He felt a light breath on his face. The
air was stirring, but the shallows silent and
lost in the darkness gave no sound of life.

  This stillness oppressed Lingard. The
world of his endeavors and his hopes
seemed dead, seemed gone. His desire
existed homeless in the obscurity that had
devoured his corner of the sea, this stretch
of the coast, his certitude of success. And
here in the midst of what was the domain
of his adventurous soul there was a lost
youngster ready to shoot him on suspicion
of some extravagant treachery. Came
■ready to shoot! That’s good, too. He
was too weary to laugh—and also too sad.

  The episode separated him violently
from the kinship with his race. It found
him out. It was like an answer to what
lurked within him as destruction may lurk
in a spark—to the fiercely intended dis-
regard of the lives whose value he had to
measure against the priceless stuff of a
dream. The outrage was in the implied
claim on his allegiance. He had none of it
for the beings who, passing suddenly from
their world into his, were to his eyes, ac-
customed to other contemplations, more
unsubstantial than so many specters.

   Also the danger of the pistol-shot which
he believed real—the young are rash—irri-
tated him. He thought that the work of
saving the reality of two years of hard toil,
of struggle, of affection, of belief, of life in
a word, was hard enough without being
complicated by an uneasiness as to safety
of the bare existence. The night and the
spot were full of contradictions. He was
humiliated by the distrust of which he
was the object, but it was also like a tribute
to the enigma that lived with him. To the
young man before him he turned with

88

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE

anger and sympathy. It was impossible
to say who in this shadowy warfare was
to be an enemy and who were the allies.
So close were the contacts issuing from
this complication of a yachting voyage that
he seemed to have them all within his
breast.

  “Shoot me! He is quite up to that trick
—hang him. Yet I would trust him sooner
than any man in that yacht."

  Such were his thoughts while he looked
at Carter, who was biting his lips in the
vexation of the long silence. When they
spoke again to each other no allusion was
made to what had taken place. They
talked soberly, with a sense of relief, feel-
ing as if they had come into cool air from
an overheated room; and when Carter, dis-
missed, went into his boat, he had prac-
tically agreed to the line of action traced
by Lingard for the crew of the yacht. He
had agreed as if in implicit confidence. It
was one of the absurdities of the situation
which had to be accepted and could never
be understood.

  “Do I talk straight now?” asked Lin-
gard.

  “It looks straight enough,” assented
Carter with an air of reserve; “I will work
with you so far anyhow.”

  “Mrs. Travers trusts me,” remarked
Lingard.

  “By the Lord Harry,” cried Carter giv-
ing way suddenly to some latent convic-
tion. “I was warning her against you and
she argued with me as if she had known
you from a child. Say, Captain, you are
a devil of a man. How did you manage
it?”

  “I trusted her,” said Lingard.

  “Did you?” cried the amazed Carter.
“When? How? How-”

  “You will know no more. You know
too much already,” said Lingard quietly.
“Waste no time. I will be after you.”

  Carter whistled low.

  “There’s a pair of you I can't make out,”
he called back, hurrying over the side.

  Shaw took this opportunity to approach,
beginning with hesitation: “A word with
you, sir.” The mate went on to say he
was a respectable man. He delivered
himself in a ringing, unsteady voice. He
was married, he had children, he abhorred
illegality. The light played about his
obese figure; he had flung his mushroom
hat on the deck; he was not afraid to speak

the truth. The gray mustache stood out
aggressively; his glances were uneasy; he
pressed his hands to his stomach con-
vulsively, opened his thick short arms
wide, wished it to be understood he had
been chief-officer of home ships, with a
spotless character and he hoped “quite up
to his work.” He was a peaceable man,
none more; disposed to stretch a point
when it “came to a difference with niggers
of some kind. They had to be taught
manners and reason” and he was not
averse at a pinch to—but here were white
people—gentlemen, ladies, not to speak of
the crew.

  He liberated all that was on the bottom
of his nature. He had never spoken to a
superior like this before, and this was
prudence, his conviction, a point of view,
a point of principle, a conscious superiority
and a burst of resentment hoarded through
years against all the successive and unsatis-
factory captains of his existence.

  There never had been such an oppor-
tunity to show he could not be put upon.
He had one of them on a string and he
was going to lead him a dance. There was
a courage, too, in it, since he believed him-
self fallen unawares into the clutches of a
particularly desperate man and beyond the
reach of law.

  A certain small amount of calculation
entered the audacity of his remonstrance.
Perhaps—it flashed upon him—the gentry
hear I stood up for them. This could
conceivably be of advantage to a man who
wanted a lift in the world. “Owner of a
yacht — badly scared — a gentleman —
money nothing to him.” Thereupon he de-
clared with heat that he couldn’t be an
accessory either after or before the fact.
Those that never went home—who had
nothing to go to perhaps—he interjected
hurriedly, could do as they liked. He
couldn’t. He had a wife, a family, a little
house—paid for—with difficulty—he fol-
lowed the sea respectably out and home,
all regular, not vagabonding here and there
chumming with the first nigger that came
along and laying traps for his betters.

  One of the two flare-bearers sighed at
his elbow and shifted his weight to the
other foot.

  These two had been keeping so perfectly
still that the movement was as startling
as if a statue had changed its pose. After
looking at the offender with cold maleV-

B Y JOSEPH CONRAD
ROMANCE

olence, Shaw went on to speak of law-
courts, of trials and of the liberty of the
subject; then he pointed out the certitude
and the inconvenience of being found out,
affecting for the moment the dispassionate-
ness of wisdom.

  “There will be fifteen years in jail at
the end of this job for everybody,” said
Shaw, “and I have a boy that don’t know
his father yet. Fine things for him to
learn when life grows up! The innocent
are dead-certain here to catch it along
with you. The missus will break her heart
unless she starves first. Home sold up.”

  He saw a mysterious iniquity in a dan-
gerous relation to himself and began to
lose his head. What he really wanted was
to have his existence left intact for his
own cherishing and pride. It was a moral
aspiration, but in his alarm the native
grossness of his nature came clattering out
like a devil out of a trap. He would blow
the gaff, split, give away the whole show,
he would back up honest people, kiss the
book, say what he thought, let all the world
know—and when he paused to draw
breath, all around him was silent and still.
Before the impetus of that respectable
passion his words were scattered like chaff
driven by a gale and rushed headlong into
the night of the shallows. And in the great
obscurity imperturbable, he said he
“washed his hands of everything.”

  “And the brig?” said Lingard suddenly.

  Shaw was checked. For a second the
seaman in him instinctively admitted the
claim of the ship.

  “The brig. The brig. She’s right
enough,” he mumbled.

  He had nothing to say against the brig
—not he. She wasn’t like the big ships
he was used to, but of her kind the best
craft he ever. . . And with a brusk
return upon himself he protested he had.
been decoded on board under false pre-
tences. It was as bad as being shanghaied
when in liquor. It was—upon his soul!
And into a craft next thing to a pirate!
That was the name for it or his own name
was not Shaw. He said this, glaring owl-
ishly. Lingard, perfectly still and mute,
bore the blows without a sign.

  He suffered exceedingly and his pain was
simple, profound and unjust like that of a
child confronted by the indignation of ab-
surd elders. The silly fuss of that man
scared his very soul. There was no end to

this plague of fools coming to him from
the forgotten ends of the earth. A fellow
like that could not be told. No one could
be told. Blind they came and blind they
would go out.

  He admitted reluctantly but without
doubt that, as if pushed by a force from
outside, he would have to try and save two
of them. To this end he foresaw the prob-
able need of leaving his brig for a time.
He would have to leave her with that man
—the mate. He had engaged him himself—
to make his insurance valid—to be able
sometimes to speak—to have near him.
Who would have believed such a foolman
could exist on the face of the sea? Who?
Leave the brig with him. The brig! Lin-
gard was dismayed in mind and heart.

  Ever since sunset, the breeze kept off
by the heat of the day had been trying to
reestablish in the darkness its sway over
the shoals. Its approaches had been heard
in the night, its patient murmurs, its foiled
sighs; but now a surprizingly heavy puff
came in a free rush, as if far away there
to the northward the last defence of the
calm had been victoriously carried.

  The flames borne down streamed blu-
ishly, horizontal and noisy at the end of
tall sticks, like fluttering pennants; and
behold, the shadows on the deck went mad
and jostled each other as if trying to
escape from a doomed craft; the darkness
held up dome-like by the brilliant glare
seemed to tumble headlong upon the brig
in an overwhelming downfall; the men
stood swaying as if ready to fall under the
ruins of a black and noiseless disaster.

  The blurred outlines of the brig, the
masts, the rigging, seemed to shudder in
the terror of coming extinction—and then
the darkness leaped upward again, the
shadows returned to their places, the men
were seen distinct, swarthy, with calm
faces, with glittering eyeballs. The de-
struction in the breath had passed, was
gone.

  A discord of three voices raised together
in a drawling wail trailed on the sudden
immobility of the air.

  “Brig ahoy! Give us a rope!”

  The first boat-load from the yacht was
approaching invisible still. The Malays
with one leap lined the rail. Shaw picked
up his hat.

  “Hallo!” answered Lingard, peering for
the boat.

90

THE RESCUE
ROMANCE

  She merged floating slowly into the pool
of purple light wavering round the brig on
the black water. Two men squeezed in
the bows pulled uncomfortably; in the mid-
dle on a heap of seamen’s canvas bags
another sat, insecure, propped with both
arms—sat stiff-legged, angularly helpless.
The light from the poop brought every-
thing out in lurid detail, and the boat float-
ing slowly toward the brig had a suspicious
and pitiful aspect. The shabby load lum-
bering her looked, somehow, as if it had
been stolen by those men who resembled
dejected castaways. In the stem-sheets
Carter, standing up, steered with his leg.
He had a smile of youthful sarcasm.

  “Here they are!” he cried to Lingard.
“You’ve got your own way, Captain. I
thought I had better come myself with
the first precious lot-”

  “Pull round the stern. The brig’s on
the swing,” interrupted Lingard.

  “Aye! Aye. We'll try not to smash the
brig. We would be lost indeed if—fend
off there, John; fend off, old reliable, if
you care a pin for your salty, tarry hide—
1 like the old chap,” he said, when he stood
by Lingard's side looking down at the boat
which was being rapidly cleared by whites
and Malays working shoulder to shoulder
in silence. “I likethim. He don’t belong
to that yachting lot, either. They picked
him up on the road somewhere. Look at
the old dog—carved out of a ship’s timber
—talkative like a fish—grim like a gutted
wreck. That’s the man for me. All the
others there are married, or going to be,
or ought to be, or sorry they ain’t. Every
man jack of them had a petticoat in tow—
dash me! Never heard in all my travels
such a jabber about wives and kids. The
most affectionate lot of seafaring men I
ever came across—hurry up, with your
dunnage—below there!

  “Aye! I had no difficulty in getting
them to clear out from the yacht. They
are badly shook—I tell you. Never saw
a pair of gents stolen before—you under-
stand. It upset all their little notions of
what a stranding means hereabouts. Not
that mine aren’t mixed a bit, too—and yet
I've seen a thing or two—I wasn't born
yesterday.”

  His excitement was revealed in this boy-
ish impulse to talk.

  ’ Look," he said, pointing at the growing
pile of bags and bedding on the brig’s

quarter-deck. “Look. Don’t they mean
to sleep soft—and dream of home? Maybe.
Home! Think of ihat, Captain. These
chaps can get clear away from it. It isn’t
like you and me-”

  Lingard made a movement.

  “I ran away myself when go high. My
old man’s a Trinity pilot. That’s a job
worth staying at home for. Mother writes
sometimes, but they can’t miss me much.
There’s fourteen of us altogether—eight
at home yet. No fear of the old countty
ever getting undermanned, let die who
must. There’s always plenty more. And
I don’t care. Only let it be a fair game,
Captain. Let’s have a fair show.”

  Lingard assured him briefly he should
have it. That was the very reason he
wanted the yacht’s crew in the brig, he
added. Then quiet and grave he inquired
whether that pistol was still in Carter’s
pocket.

  “Never mind thatj” said the young man
hurriedly. “Remember who began. To be
shot at wouldn’t rile me so much—it’s
being threatened, don't you see, that was
lying so heavy on my chest. Last night
is very • far off though—and I will be
hanged if I know what I meant exactly
when I took the old thing from its nail.
And it’s pretty well the same with me yet
—only I don’t feel sure of having been
right after all. There. More I can’t say
till all’s settled one way or another. Will
that do?”

  Flushing brick red, he suspended his
judgment and stayed his hand with the
generosity of youth.

  Apparently it suited Lingard to be re-
proved in that form. He bowed his head
slowly. It would do. To leave his life to
that youngster’s ignorance seemed to re-
dress the balance of his mind against a lot
of secret intentions. It was distasteful and
bitter as an expiation should be. It had
the pathos of an exalted futility, but it
pacified the clamor of certain whispers.

  He also held a life in his hand—a life,
and many deaths besides, but these were
like one single feather in the scales of his
conscience. That he should feel so was
unavoidable because his strength would at
no price permit itself to be wanted. It
would not be—and there was an end of it.
All he could do was to throw in another
risk into the sea of risks. Thus was he
enabled to recognize that a drop of water

BY JOSEPH CONRAD
in the ocean makes a great difference. He
perceived this as he perceived other things,
shadowy and familiar, surrounding him—
people, facts, his own thoughts-^-a dumb
and disorderly crowd disdainful of reason,
bewildered and mighty.

  His very desire, unconquered, but exiled,
had left the place where he could con-
stantly hear its voice. Within him there
had fallen the perplexity of silence and in
the outer darkness the imperative shade
urged him still on, as if in irony, after the
withdrawal of guidance. He saw it; he
saw himself, the past, the future; he saw
it all, shifting and indistinct like those
shapes the strained eyes of a wanderer
outlines in darker strokes upon the face of
the night.

X

WHEN he went to his boat to follow
Carter, who bad gone back to the
yacht, Wasub, mast and sail on shoulder,
preceded him down the ladder. The old
man leaped in smartly and busied himself
in getting the dingey ready.

  In that little boat Lingard was accus-
tomed to traverse the shallows alone. She
had a short mast and a lug-sail, carried
two easily, floated in a few inches of water.
In her he was independent of a crew and,
if the wind failed, could make his way
with a pair of sculls taking short cuts over
shoal places. There were so many islets
and sandbanks that in case of sudden bad
weather there was always a lee to be found,
and when he wished to land he could pull
her up a beach, striding ahead, painter in
hand, like a giant child dragging a toy
boat. When the brig was anchored within
the shallows it was in her that he visited
the lagoon.

  Once when caught by a sudden freshen-
ing of the sea-breeze he had waded up a
shelving bank carrying her on his head and
for two days they had rested together on
the sand while around them the shallow
waters raged lividly, and across three miles
of foam the brig would time after time
dissolve in the mist and reappear distinct,
nodding her tall spars that seemed to
touch a weeping sky of grayness.

  Whenever he came into the lagoon tug-
ging with bare arms, Jorgenson, who would
be watching the entrance of the creek ever
since a muffled detonation of a gun to sea-

ward had warned him of the brig’s arrival
on the Coast of Refuge, would mutter to
himself— “Here’s Tom coming in his nut-
shell.” And indeed she was in shape some-
what like half a nutshell and also in the
color of her dark varnished planks. The
man’s shoulders and head rose high above
her gunwales; loaded with Lingard’s heavy
frame she would climb sturdily the steep
ridges, slide squatting into the hollows of
the sea, or, now and then, take a sedate
leap over a short wave. Her behavior had
a stout trustworthiness about it, and she
reminded one of a surefooted mountain-
pony carrying over difficult ground a rider
much bigger than himself.

  Wasub wiped the thwarts, ranged the
mast and sail along the side, shipped the
rowlocks. Lingard looked down at his old
servant’s spare shoulders, upon which the
light from above fell unsteady but vivid.
Wasub worked for the comfort of his com-
mander and his single-minded absorption
in that task flashed upon Lingard the il-
luminating consolation of an act of unex-
pected friendliness. The elderly Malay at
last lifted his head with a deferential
murmur; his wrinkled old face with a half-
dozen wiry hairs pendulous at each corner
of the dark lips expressed a kind of weary
satisfaction, and the slightly oblique worn
eyes stole a discreet upward glance con-
taining a hint of some remote meaning.
Lingard found himself compelled by the
justice of that obscure claim to murmur
as he stepped into the boat.

  ‘‘These are times of danger.”

  He sat down and took up the sculls.
Wasub did not shove off the boat and held
on to the gunwale as to a last hope of a
further confidence. He had served in the
brig five years. Lingard remembered that
very well. This aged figure had been inti-
mately associated with the brig’s life and
with his own, appearing silently ready for
every incident and emergency in an un-
questioning expectation of orders, symbolic
of blind trust in his strength, of an un-
limited obedience to his will. Was it un-
limited?

  “We shall require courage and fidelity,”
added Lingard in a tentative tone.

 “There are those who know me,”
snapped the old man readily, as if the
words had been waiting for a long time.
“Observe, Tuan. I have filled with fresh
water the little beaker in the bows.”

THE RESCUE
- ROMANCE \_^2^--- v**.

  “I know you, too,” said Lingard.

  “And the wind—and the sea,” ejaculated
the serang jerkily. “These also are faith-
ful to the strong. By Allah! I who am a
pilgrim and have listed to words of wisdom
in many places, I tell you, Tuan, there is
strength in the knowledge of what is hid-
den in things without life as well as in the
living men. Will Tuan be gone long?”

  “I come back in a short time—together
with the rest of the whites from over there.
This is the beginning of many stratagems,
Wasub! Daman, the son of a dog, has
suddenly made prisoners two of my own
people. My face is made black.”

  “Tse! Tsct What ferocity is that!
One should not offer shame to a friend or
to a friend’s brother lest revenge come
sweeping like a flood. Yet can an Illanun
chief be other than tyrannical? My old
eyes have seen much, but they never saw
a tiger change its stripes. Ya-wal The
tiger can not. This is the wisdom of us
ignorant Malay men. The wisdom of
white Tuans is great. They think that by
the power of many speeches the tiger
may—” He broke off and in a crisp, busy
tone said: “The rudder dwells safely un-
der the aftermost seat should Tuan be
pleased to sail the boat. This breeze will
not die away before sunrise.” Again his
voice changed as if two different souls had
been flitting in and out of his body. “No,
no, kill the tiger and then the stripes may
be counted without fear—one by one,
thus.”

  He pointed a frail, brown finger and
abruptly made a mirthless dry sound, as if
a rattle had been sprung in his throat.
“The wretches are many,” said Lingard.
“Nay, Tuan. They follow their great
men even as we in the brig follow you.
That is right.”

  Lingard reflected for a moment.

  “My men will follow me then,” he said.
“They are poor calashes without sense,”
commented Wasub with pitying superior-
ity. “Some with no more comprehension
than men of the bush freshly caught. There
is Sali, the foolish son of my sister, and
by your great favor appointed to mind the
tiller of this ship. His stupidity is ex-
treme. but his eyes are good—nearly as
good as mine that by praying and much
exercise can see far into the night.”
Lingard laughed low and then looked
earnestly at the serang. Above their heads

a man shook a flare over the side and a
thin shower of sparks floated downward
and expired before touching the water.

  “So you can see in the night, O Serang!
Well, then, look and speak. Speak! Fight
—or no fight? Weapons or words—which
folly? Well, what do you see?”

  “A darkness, a darkness,” whispered
Wasub at last in a frightened tone. “There
are nights—” He shook his head and mut-
tered. “Look! The tide has turned. Ya,
Tuan. The tide has turned.”

  Lingard looked downward where the
water could be seen gliding past the ship’s
side, moving smoothly, streaked with lines
of froth across the illumined circle thrown
round the brig by the lights on her poop.
Air bubbles, sparkle, lines of darkness,
ripples of glitter, appeared, glided, went
astern without a splash, without a trickle,
without a plaint, without a break.

  The unchecked gentleness of the flow
captured the eye by a subtle spell, fastened
insidiously upon the mind a disturbing
sense of the irretrievable. The ebbing of
the sea athwart the lonely sheen of flames
resembled the eternal ebb-tide of time;
and when at last he looked up, the knowl-
edge of that noiseless passage of the wa-
ters produced on his mind a bewildering
effect.

  For a moment the speck of light lost in
vast obscurity, the brig, the boat, the hid-
den coast, the shallows, the very walls and
roof of darkness—the seen and the unseen
alike seemed to be gliding smoothly on-
ward through the enormous gloom of space.
Then with a great mental effort he brought
everything to a sudden standstill, and only
the froth and bubbles went on streaming
past ceaselessly, unchecked by the power
of his will.

  “The tide has turned—as you say,
Serang? Has it? Well, perhaps it has,
perhaps it has,” he finished, muttering to
himself.

  “Truly it has. Can not Tuan see it run
under his own eyes,” said Wasub with an
alarmed earnestness. “Look! Now it is
in my mind that a prau coming from
amongst the southern islands, if steered-
cunningly in the free set of the current,
would approach the bows of this, our brig,
drifting silently as a shape without a sub-
stance.”

  “And board suddenly—is that it?” said
Lingard.

BY JOSEPH CONRAD

93
   “Daman is crafty and the Illanuns are
 very bloodthirsty. Night is nothing to
 them. They are certainly valorous. Are
 they not born in the midst of fighting and
 are they not inspired by the evil of their
 hearts even before they can speak? And
 their chiefs would be leading them while

 you, Tuan, are going even now-”

   “You don’t want me to go?” asked Lin-
 gard.

   For a time Wasub listened attentively
 to the profound silence.

    “Can we fight without a leader?” he be-
 gan again. “It is the belief in victory that
 gives courage. And what would poor
 calashes do, sons of peasants and fisher-
 men. freshly caught—without knowledge?
 They believe in your strength—and in your
 power—or else—whites that come so sud-

•	denly avenge you? They are here like
 fish within the stakes. Ya-wa! Who will
 bring the news and who will come to find
 the truth and perchance to carry off your
 body? You are alone, Tuan!”

    Wasub’s words sank into Lingard’s heart
 as lead sinks into the water. He sat
 musing. Wasub, tired of stooping,
 squatted on the bottom step and held on
 to the boat patiently.

   “I must go—to Daman,” said Lingard at
 last. “I shall remain only a little'time.”
 “Only a little—very true. Perhaps all
 the life,” muttered the serang.

   “There must be no fighting. It would
 be a calamity,” insisted Lingard. “There
 is blood that must not be spilt.”

   “Hear, Tuan!” exclaimed Wasub with
 heat. “The waters are running out now.”
 He punctuated his speech by slight jerks
 at the dingey. “The waters go and at the
 appointed time they shall return. And if
 between their going and coming the blood
 of all the men in the world were poured
 into it, the sea would not rise higher at the
 full by the breadth of my finger nail.”
 “But the world would not be the same.
 Y'ou do not see that, Serang. Give the boat
 a good shove.”

   “Directly,” said the old Malay and his
 face became impassive. “Tuan knows
 when it is best to go, and death sometimes
 retreats before a firm tread like a startled
 snake. Tuan should take a follower with
 him, not a silly youth, but one who has
 lived—who has a steady heart—who would
 walk close behind watchfully—and quietly.
 Yes. Quietly and with quick eyes—like

mine—perhaps with a weapon—I know
how to strike.”

  Lingard looked at the wrinkled visage
very near his own and into the peering old
eyes. They shone strangely. A tense
eagerness was expressed in the squatting
figure leaning out toward him. On the
other side, within reach of his arm, the
night stood like a wall—discouraging—
opaque—impenetrable. No help would
avail. The darkness he had to combat was
too impalpable to be cleft by a blow—too
dense to be pierced by the eye: yet as if by
some enchantment in the words that made
this vain offer of fidelity, it became less
overpowering to his sight, less crushing to
his thought. He had a moment of pride
which soothed his heart for the space of
two beats. It yras like a lull in the stress
of a gale, like a hint of safety to be found
somewhere in the world if only life endures
long enough to wear out the turmoil. It
was an instant qf rare ampleness in which
his unreasonable and misjudged heart,
shrinking before the menace of failure,
could expand freely with a sense of gener-
ous gratitude. In the threatening dimness
of his emotions this man’s offer made a
point of clearness, the glimmer of a torch
held aloft in the night. It was priceless
no doubt, but ineffectual—too small, too
far, too solitary. It did not dispel the
mysterious obscurity that had descended
upon his fortunes so that his eyes could
no longer see the work of his hands. The
sadness of defeat pervaded the world.

  “And what could you do, O Wasub?”
he said.

  “I could always call out—‘Take care,
Tuan.' ”

  “And then for these charm-words of
mine. Hey? Turn danger aside? What?
But perchance you would die all the same.
Treachery is a strong magic, too—as you
said.”

  “Yes, indeed! The order might come to
your servant. But I—Wasub—the son of
a free man, a follower of rajahs, a fugitive,
a slave, a pilgrim—diver for pearls, serang
of white men’s ships, I have had too many
masters. Too many. You are the last.”
After a silence he said in an almost indif-
ferent voice. “If you go, Tuan, let us go
together.”

  For a time Lingard made no sound.

  “No use.” he said at last. "No use,
Serang. One life is enough to pay for a

04

THE RESCUE
man's folly—and you have a household.”
‘ I have two—Tuan; but it is a long time
since I sat on the ladder of a house to talk
at ease with neighbors. Yes. Two house-
holds; one in —” Lingard smiled faintly.
“Tuan, let me follow you.”

  “No. You have said -it, Serang—I am
alone. That is true, and alone I shall go
on this very night. But first I must bring
all the white people here. Push.”

  “ Ready, Tuan? Look out! ”

  Wasub’s body swung over the sea with
extended arms. Lingard caught up the
sculls, and as the dingey darted away
from the brig’s side he had a complete
view of the lighted poop. Shaw leaning
massively over ihe taffrail in sulky dejec-
tion, the flare-bearers erect and rigid, the
heads along the rail, the eyes staring after
him above the bulwarks. The fore-end of
the little vessel was wrapped in a lurid
and somber mistiness, the sullen mingling
of darkness and of light; her masts point-
ing straight up could be tracked by torn
gleams and vanished above as if the trucks
had been tall enough to pierce the heavy
mass of vapors motionless overhead. She
was beautifully precious. His loving eyes
saw her floating at rest in a wavering halo
between an invisible sky and an invisible
sea, like a miraculous craft suspended in
the air.

  He turned his head away as if the sight
had been too much for him at the moment
of separation, and. as soon as his little boat
had passed beyond the limit of the light
thrown upon the water, he perceived very-
low in the black void of the West the stern
lantern of the yacht shining feebly, like a
star about to set, unattainable, infinitely
remote—belonging lo another universe.

BOOK IV
the visit to the Emma
I

LINGARD brought Mrs. Travers away
from the yacht, going alone with her
in the little boat. During the bustle of
the embarkment and till the last of the
crew had left the schooner he had remained
towering and silent by her side. A smoky
lantern hung under the main-boom lighted
their heads and shoulders. She had given

NCE

him only one glance and then looked down,
but he looked at her continuously. His
passive strength seemed to watch the inten-
sity of her meditation.

  Neither of them gave, during the half-
hour, a single thought to the unfortunate
captives. Not these two men alone, but
all mankind, not only this coast and these
two shallows but the whole earth itself
was too far away from their mood to be
of the slightest importance. It was only
when the murmuring and uneasy voices of
the sailors going away in the boats had
been completely lost in the distance that
his voice was heard grave in the silence,
pronouncing the words—“Follow me.”
She followed him; their footsteps rang hol-
low and loud on the empty deck. At the
bottom of the steps he turned round and
said very low—“Take care.”

  He got into the boat and held on. It
seemed to him that she was intimidated by
the darkness. She felt her arm gripped
firmly—“I’ve got you,” he said. She
stepped in headlong, trusting herself
blindly to the grip and sank on the stern
seat catching her breath a little. She heard
a slight splash, and the indistinct side of
the deserted yacht melted suddenly into
the body of the night.

  Rowing, he faced her, a hooded and
cloaked shape, and above her head he had
before his eyes the gleam of the stem lan-
tern expiring slowly on the abandoned ves-
sel; when it went out without a warning
flicker he could see nothing of the stranded
yacht’s outline. She had vanished utterly
like a dream; and the occurrences of the
last twenty-four hours seemed also to be a
part of a vanished dream. The hooded
and cloaked figure was part of it, too. It
spoke not; it moved not; it would vanish
presently. He tried to remember her fea-
tures even as she sat within two feet of
him in the boat. He seemed to have taken
from that vanished schooner not a woman
but a memory—the tormenting recollection
of a human being he would see no more.

  At every stroke of the short sculls she
felt the boat leap forward with her. Lin-
gard, to keep his direction, had to look
over his shoulder frequently.

  “You shall be safe in the brig,” he said.

  She was silent. A dream. A dream. He lay
back vigorously; the water slapped loudly
against the blunt bows. The ruddy glow-
thrown afar by the flares was reflected

BY J OSEPH CONRAD
ROMANCE

deep within the hood. The dream had a
pale visage; the memory had living eyes.

  “I had to come for you myself,” he said.

  “I expected it of you.”

  These were the first words he had heard
her say since they had met for the third
time.

  “And I swore—before you, too—that I
would never put my foot on board your
craft.”-

  “It was good of you to—” she began.

  “I forgot, somehow,” he said simply.

  “I expected it of you,” she repeated.

  He gave three quick strokes before he
asked very gently.

  “What else do you expect?”

  “Everything,” she said.

  He was rounding then the stern of the
brig and had to look away. Then he
turned to her.

  “And you believe?” he exclaimed.

   “I like to believe,” she interrupted, “be-
cause-”

  Above them a startled voice cried in
Malay, “Captain coming.” The abrupt
and strange sound silenced her. Lingard
laid in his sculls and she saw herself gliding
under the high side of the brig. A dark
staring face appeared very near her eyes;
black fingers caught the gunwale of the
boat. She stood up swaying.

  “Take care,” said Lingard again, but
this time, in the light, did not offer to help
her.

  She went up alone and he followed her
over the rail.

  The quarter-deck was thronged by men
of two races. They crossed it rapidly be-
tween the groups that moved out of the
way on their passage. Lingard threw open
the cabin door for her, but remained on
deck to inquire about his boats. They had
returned while he was on board the yacht,
and the two men in charge of them came
aft to make their reports.

  The boat sent north had seen nothing.
The boat which had been directed to ex-
plore the banks and islets to the south, had
actually been in sight of Daman’s praus,
which were anchored under the shelter of
one of these small islands. The man in
charge reported that several fires were

  burning on the shore, the crews of the
two praus being encamped on the beach.
Cooking was going on. They had been
near enough to hear the voices. The islet
was only an elongated sand-dune with thin
grass and lank scrub on the ridge. There
was a man keeping watch on the ridge;
they knew this because they heard him
once shouting to the people below by the
fires. Lingard wanted to know how they
had managed to remain unseen.

  “The night was our hiding-place,” an-
swered the man in his deep growling voice.

  He knew nothing of any white men be-
ing in Daman’s camp. Why should there
be? Rajah Hassim and the lady, his sis-
ter, appeared unexpectedly in their canoe.
Rajah Hassim had ordered him in whis-
pers to go back to the brig at once and
tell Tuan what he had observed. Rajah
Hassim said that he would return to the
brig with more news very soon. He obeyed
because rajah was to him a person of
authority, “having the perfect knowledge
of Tuan’s mind as we all know.”

  “Enough,” cried Lingard suddenly.

  The man looked up heavily for a mo-
ment and retreated forward without an-
other word. Lingard followed him with
irritated eyes. A new power had come
into the world, had possessed itself of hu-
man speech, had imparted to it a sinister
irony of allusion. To be told that some
one had “a perfect knowledge of his mind,”
startled him and made him wince. It made
him aware that now he did qot know it
himself—that it seemed impossible for him
ever to regain that knowledge. And the
new power not only had cast its spell upon
the words he had to hear, but also upon
the facts that assailed him, upon the peo-
ple he saw, upon the thoughts he had to
guide, upon the feelings he had to bear.
They remained what they had ever been—
the visible surface of life open in the sun
to the conquering tread of an unfettered
will. Yesterday they could have been dis-
cerned clearly, mastered and despised; but
now another power had come into the
world and had cast over them all the
wavering gloom of a dark and inscrutable
purpose.

TO BE CONTINUED
The

THE CAPTAIN of the Bear-Cats
slouched rebelliously over a dog-
eared arithmetic in the privacy of
his own room, contemplating with
unseeing eyes an absurd query as to the
percentage of arable land owned by a
creature the rest of whose uninteresting
property consisted in so many acres of
wood and garden. It wa^ almost at the
end of a day by no means perfect.

   On top of a more or less hectic session
 at school, wherein he had been unjustly
 singled out for persistent persecution be-
 cause of his red head, had appeared his
 report, cheerfully borne home by his sister
 in the grade below his, its varied per-
 centages resembling a temperature chart
 in the fluctuations from normal, or passing
 mark.

   And then, right off the reel, didn’t
 that crab of an old lady Ellis come bounc-
 ing in and claim that the Bear-Cats were
 a nuisance and had broken down her hedge
 hunting for balls, and that their language
 was such as she wouldn’t have her Jamie
 hear, much less his sister.

   For result, here now was Russell Joyce
 Kingdon marooned over his books, while
 from the Bear-Cats’ “athaletic field,”
 ' finieC* ^ l^ree blocks of suburban tree-
 nlled space, came the joyous melody of
 the team in practice without him.

   Yes, they could laugh and shout and
 piay—dam ’em—while he, their captain,
 _ fellow who had assembled them, or-
 ganized them, provided them a clubroom
 oniv fath.er’s car-Jess garage—he, the
 than ^ In lhc aggregation with more
 ‘ Wlnd-up and a glove to bless him-

 self with, must be shut away from every-
 thing, just because of the spite of a lot
 of senile fussbudgets who happened to have
 recognized him from among the throng.
 Having a red head was a regular identi-
 fication chart. It wasn’t fair.

  From time to time, with practiced hand,
he sketched on the margin of his book the
brutal features of his critics, the tale-bear-
ing snakes who had brought this punish-
ment upon him and who were threatening
to plow up the only vacant lot for a
mile around suitable for a diamond. Lest
full recognition of the portraits fail, he
carefully appended the names, garnished
with vivid, concrete verbiage.

  He was securing a measure of melan-
choly satisfaction from the task, when his
ears caught the voice of his brother Rupert,
a blase and cynical pessimist in third-year
high school, discussing him with his
mother, over the pruning of some vines.

  “I told you, didn’t I, just how it would
be, mom?” Rupert was chanting. “That
little runt puts it all over you and pop
right along, and gets away with it! That
gang of roughnecks he trains with makes
my foot ache. Letting them hav*5 the
garage room was the last straw. I was
thinking of setting a hen there. They’ll
raise heck up there, you mark my words.”
“But, Rupert, twelve-year-old boys have
to have some place to let off steam in.
They’ve trained in the attic all Winter
until I couldn’t hear myself think, and now
that it’s warm enough for them to play in
the garage, I thought they could have a

lot of fun with a club there-”

  “Oh, they’ll have fun, all right,” agreed

07

Way of a Sire With a Son

BY GERTRUDE MAC NULTY STEVENS
the pessimist sourly. “Of course it’s noth-
ing to me. I don’t have to pay for the
windows they smash or the furniture that’s
busted. I just don’t want to be blamed
for the cookies ‘Bud’ sneaks out to treat
the gang on, or the apples. And they
needn’t think they can give me any of
their lip, like Bud tried to show off yester-
day when I told him to come down off the
roof where he was kicking off shingles to

make airplane rud-”

  Flesh and blood could stand no more.
Bang, went up Russell’s window and out
popped his glowing head.

  “You’re another. I was just getting a
loose one. Think you can bull me all the
time! For two cents Fd just tell Mamma
where that half mince pie went to yester-
day-”

  Rupert dropped his shears and reached
for a clod.

  “And for less’n half that, I’d let you
have this in the ear! ”

  But the window banged tauntingly
down, and Mrs. Kingdon’s rebuking
“Rupert! How old are you anyway?” fell
on deaf ears.

  Russell returned to his gloomy medita-
tions. It occurred to him once that he
might possibly get through his penance
in time for a little practice before sun-
down, but a glance along the seven prob-
lems remaining to be done gave little hope
of such accomplishment. He heard his
mother call Jessica in to practice her
music, and saw Rupert dawdling up the
hill with a barrow-load of rose cuttings;
then a cautious, syncopated whistle trem-
bled on the air from the hedge, and
“Shorty” Small peered up at the window.

  Russell threw up the sash and leaned
out.

  “ ’Lo, Short! 'What you know?”
“Nothin’, ’xcept Harve Kendall’s come
over to watch the Cats work, and he
wants to see you pitch, so’s to find out if
lie’ll get his team to play us. He just
laughs at Jo’s pitching. Say, c’m on over,
can’t you? He makes me sick.”

  “Who?”

“Harve. H.’s ridin’ a pony somebody’s
boardin’ at his father’s, and he says he’s
gettin’ two dollars a week f’r exercisin’ it!’’
“Likely lie. Why’n’t he tell a good one
whiles he’s ’bout it anyhow?”

  “ ’S what I say! Payin’ anybody f’r
ridin’ a pony!”

  They chuckled appreciatively; then
Shorty continued.

  “How soon can you get out?”

  “Got seven more to do—those doggone
problems."

  “Seven? We only had eight. Ain’t you
done but one?”

  Russell frowned fiercely
“I can’t do ’em. No sense to the dern
things.”

  “Throw out the book and I’ll get
‘Sharky’ Allen to do ’em for you. He’s one
of those fellers that just eats ’rithmetic up.
I c’n take it right over now while you do
your grammar, and bring ’em back in a
jiff.”

  “Here you go!”

  A thin book whirled through the air to
land neatly in Shorty’s hands.

  “Whistle twice when you come back.
Now beat it! That old pie-face Rupe’s
cornin’ down the hill.”

  The captain of the Bear-Cats closed the
window softly and returned to his desk.
He did not feel entirely comfortable over
the arrangement, deceit being really foreign
to his nature, but what is a feller to do
when grown-ups are so unreasonable on a
fine Spring day, with a rival ball captain
waiting to pass judgment on your curve
and control?

  “Anyhow, I never ’speck to use ’rith-
metic when I grow up, any more ’n I’ve
got now,” he mused. “I can make change,
and that’s enough.”

  His views on grammar were highly simi-
lar, with the added certainty that undue
use thereof was distinctly “sissy.” No
reg’lar feller ever said, “It is I,” and why
any human being should'object to “ain’t”
and “them kind,” he had never been able
to figure out.

  However, at the present moment, there
was certainly nobody even to attempt
writing for him the ten sentences with the
modifiers of various idiotic sorts, since not
one Bear-Cat was any more of a gram-
marian than himself. He must, perforce,
attack them unaided.

  He concentrated valiantly and with such
success that he was finishing the last one
when Shorty’s jubilant but restrained
whistle sounded, and he answered it with
the corresponding cat-call, also repressed
cautiously. His hands were outstretched
for the folded paper, when Rupert’s voice
again broke officiously into his affairs.

THE. WAY OF A SIRE WITH A SON
__Jfs^_ ROMANCE '--.

  “On your way, kid. Russ can’t cpme
out. He’s got to get his lessons.”

  “Aw, I just want to toss him some-
thing.”

   “Give it here. I’ll take it to him. My
mother don’t want you kids running up
there disturbing him. He can’t come out
till he does his problems.”

   “It’s a wonder you can’t ever mind your
own business, Mr. Butt-in-ski!,” yelled
Russell, somewhat alarmed and thoroughly
annoyed. “Can’t Short even gimme a list
of the line-up ’thout you pokin’ your old
nose into our ’fairs? Here go, Short I I
got it! So long! Ah-h, think you’re
smart, don’t you? Ever get left?”

   Again the window banged down, but not
before a skillfully hurled pebble zipped
close to Russell’s ear, sure evidence of the
resentment of age against the flippancy of
youth.

  Five minutes later Russell presented
himself at his mother’s elbow, where she
watched Jessica struggling with that tender
little piano piece, “When Rover Was a
Puppy-dog.”

  “All done, mom. Can I go now? The
fellers 're waitin' f’r me.”

   Mrs. Kingdon looked her surprize.

   “So soon? All the sentences, too? Jes-
sica, you have the wrong note. It is B.
The examples, too? I thought you would
have to have me help you on them. Are
you sure they’re all done?”

  Russell’s expression was steady and
virtuous. It was indeed lucky that she had
put the query thus impersonally. They
wer6 done. Sure, that was no fib!

   “You can find ’em right up on my desk.
All right! I’ll be back soon.”

  He wheeled about, leaving the rug a
mass of outraged wrinkles, and, ducking
under Rupert’s blockading arms, gained
the hall door.

   The team greeted Russell with a roar of
welcome that warmed his heart, and even
penetrated to the family library where
Rupert still lingered, cap on and shoulders
hunched, gazing out of the window.

   "R>mert, do take off your cap,” admon-
isV-' Mrs. Kingdon. “You mustn’t be so
hard on the little fellow. I would have
much less trouble with him if you would
co-operate with me a little.”

  “Co-operate!” sniffed Rupert. “You
need to co-operate with a shingle on him!
*ou and pon talk too much to him and

don’t lick him enough. He’s getting away
with a lot of stuff that 1 got good and
walloped for when I was his age. I guess
if you heard some of the talk he puts out
you’d drop dead.”

  “Mrs. Ellis has been complaining of the
language used on the ball-field by her
house. I do feel very uneasy about it.
Now, that is surely something you could
help with, Rupert. A small boy is easily

influenced for good by an older one-”

  Rupert emitted a derisive hoot.
“Influence a hen! Why, mom, that
bunch is as tough as they come. You don’t
know them. They’re hellions!”
“Rupert!”

  “That’s what!”

  Mrs. Kingdon sighed.

  “And Mrs. Ellis says that every time her
Jamie comes near the ball-field, the Bear-
Cats throw stones at him. Why, Rupert, I
don’t see anything funny about that!”
Rupert tried vainly to swallow a grin.
He was at the age when stoicism is the
only virtue.

  “Aw, I wish they’d throw a peck of
’em! Jamie Ellis’s a perfect lady. Don’t
know enough to go in when it rains. Hi!
There went a clean hit through the hen-
house window! Now watch the fur fly!”
He hastened out of the house and down
the road. Mrs. Kingdon made a half-
hearted effort to prevent the excited Jes-
sica from joining the flight to the ball-
field, gave it up in despair, and went out
on the porch herself.

  She could see a group of boys eddying
about a tall woman in the cer^r of the
diamond, revealing, from time to time, a
red and white sweater in which she recog-
nized Russell. Even at that distance it
was apparent that the tall woman was in
an abnormal state of mind, and Mrs. King-
don’s intuitive surmise that Russell had
some connection therewith was made a
certainty by the return presently of Ru-
pert, the assured triumph of the bearer
of prophesied bad news in his gait.

  “Just what I told you, mom! Russ
batted that ball through the Ellis chicken-
house, a right good punch for a kid, and
he was feeling some chesty about it, you
bet! I got there just as he was telling
the gang that there was no use looking
for the ball as it was probablv half-wav

to-”

   “ Rupert 1”

GFRTRUDEMACNULTYSTEVENS

oo
ROMANCE

-J

  “Just what he was saying, and then old
Mrs. Ellis popped out of the house and lit

on him like a thousand of brick-”

  “Rupert, she’s not old at all. Younger
than 1 am, probably.”

  “Well, she acts like it, anyhow. And
she says she’ll have the field plowed up at
her own expense to keep the Cats off,
and she’s going to complain to pop about
Russ’s language. Russ gave her some more

lip then-”

  “Oh, Rupert, what did he say?”

  “Never you mind!” Rupert was darkly
mysterious. “Anyway, here he comes.
You can ask him. I told you he was
getting too fresh, but you wouldn’t believe
me. You and pop are so tender with him.
Makes me sick.”

  Mrs. Kingdon turned on him, her eyes
flashing.

  “For goodness sake, do stop croaking!
Your continual criticism of the child only
makes it harder for me to manage him.
Go finish the roses, do! Or set a hen, or
climb a tack! Anybody would think you
a grandfather. How long is it, I’d like
to know, since you were at the same
tricks?”

  Rupert disappeared around the corner
of the house muttering disparaging things
about the rising generation, and the cap-
tain of the Bear-Cats, seeing no chance of
evading his mother by a circuitous route,
lunged across -the lawn and up the steps.
Before Mrs. Kingdon could make up her
mind just which of many remarks she
would make, he burst forth into a vehement
flood of vituperation against the whole
Ellis family, including even their supposi-
tious ancestry in the oration, and ending
with dark threats of what the team in-
tended as reprisal. It was somewhat too
well done to be entirely convincing.
Even the most casual listener might have
suspected the sincerity of the speaker,
and. moreover, Mrs. Kingdon was no
stranger to the method, having three other
sons to her credit, older than Russell.

  She let him run on till breath failed.
—Then, “Russell, go right upstairs and
take a good bath,” she said.

  “Aw, mom, I had one yesterday, or day
before!”

  This was a tactical error on Russell’s
part. His mother’s eyes fixed him coldly.

  “And shampoo your head. I will come
up myself presently and do your neck and

ears. Tonight, your father will talk to you
about this affair on the ball-field.”

  Russell departed, breathing out threat-
enings and slaughter as Mr. Kingdon’s
car stopped at their comer.

  Mrs. Kingdon waited until after dinner
before broaching the matter of the Bear-
Cats vs. Mrs. Ellis. Many years of mar-
ried life had brought a measure of wisdom
to her.

  Russell’s father received the story after
a hearty meal when care sits but lightly
on any man. He assumed his customary
easy manner and attempted to make light
of the whole affair.

  “So that was the reason Bud looked so
chaste and subdued and cleaned up. gener-
ally? I thought something must have
happened when he was so polite at table.
Batted one through the hen-house window?
Looks like a whale of a punch from here!”

  “Now, Jerry, I do wish you’d be serious
for once. Mrs. Ellis is very much wrought
up about it and is going to bring the whole
matter of the Bear-Cats up before the
Civic Club tomorrow night. She thinks
something ought to be done about them.”

  “Lord, what can be done? Boys have
to play, don’t they? It’s better to have
’em playing near home where some sort of
an eye can be kept on ’em, than to shove
them off on the edge of town by them-
selves or worse, isn’t it? Let Bud pay
for the glass out of his savings, and I’ll
try to get her to put netting over that
window so this can’t happen again. The
bad language? H’m! Well, now, I guess
all kids have to let off a little steam in a
game, don’t they? Oh, of course, I’ll
speak to him about it! And, tell you w’hat,
I’ll knock off early tomorrow afternoon
and come on home and umpire a game
for them. I’ll get Harris Trescott and
John Coyle to lay off too and renew their
youth. Their kids are Bear-Cats too. It
may be a good idea to pal a bit with the
younkers. I used to be some sand-lot
pitcher myself, and Trescott was a breeze
on the bases. Come here, Bud. How’d
you like to have your dad and Mr. Trescott
and Mr. Coyle give the Bear-Cats the
once-over tomorrow and referee a game
for you?”

  Russell received the news with unflatter-
ing protest. .

  “Aw, pop, you don’t wanta do that!
You couldn’t help us any, and the fellers

ICO

THE WAY OF A SIRE WITH A SON
ROMANCE

wouldn’t like it. Ain’t it bad ’nough to
have old lady Ellis always spyin’ on us,
’thout havin’ your own folks too?”

  “Where do you get that spy stuff?” in-
quired Mr. Kingdon with some heat.
“And as for helping you, Master Swell-
head, I want you to know that we men
used to play better ball than you shrimps
ever will. You ought to be glad to have
us take time to come out and give you a
few pointers. Moreover, it looks as if some
of the complaints I hear of the Cats were
justified, when you don’t want your parents
to watch your games. You round up that
outfit tomorrow in good shape. We’ll be
out at 3:30.” And to his wife he added,
as Russell departed—“Can you beat a kid
for ingratitude?”

   Russell’s prophetic soul had not deceived
him as to the reception of the news by
his team. To a man, every Cat suspected
the proposed visitation of malign and ulte-
rior motives, and frankly assailed Russell
for not having headed it off.

  “Aw, you could of, too! Why’n’t you
tell him we didn’t have a game on?”
Shorty Small demanded.

  “Didn’t think quick enough. Besides, he
knows we play every day,” Russell de-
fended. “No use grouchin’. They most
prob’ly won't stay long. No seats to sit
down on out there—only the ground.
There’s their car. Let’s get into some
practice till the Zulus come. Ain’t that
‘Sissy’ Ellis’ grandpa with ’em?”

  “Oh, gosh, yes! He’s fussier’n the old
lady. Wouldn’t let me get a ball outer
his garden last week. Hope he chokes!”
The team practiced madly, paying no
attention beyond an embarrassed grin or
two from shamed sons as the quartet of
men drew near. Captain Kingdon, in a
wind-up that distorted his small person
from feet to physiognomy, sent a wild
pitch past his backstop far into the field,
whence it was retrieved by a bevy of
shrieking small girls, whom the presence
of the fathers encouraged to approach the
forbidden grounds.

  “Better cut out the curves, son. and
stick to your straight ones,” advised Mr.
Kingdon, kindly. “First thing you know
you’ll get a glass arm. No kid your size
ought to be curving a ball.”

   Messrs. Trescott and Coyle interpolated
various suggestions to their offspring, at
first base and short-stop respectively.

  Russell glared at them all from beneath
his visored cap. So that was what this
bunch of old guys had come for? Giving
out advice! H’m! He could feel the
waves of resentment emanating from the
team. Bitterly was he conscious that they
were blaming him for it. As if he had
asked these hoary fossils to come here!

He relinquished the ball to his understudy
and went to the plate for his turn at
batting. Only by violently assaulting
something did he think that his feelings
could be relieved. With all his force he
swung at the first ball pitched, only to cut
into the unresisting air, and nearly topple x
over.

  A second time he did it. And a third.
Then Grandpa Jennings’ high-pitched
laugh pierced his ear.

  “That kid never busted none of our
hen-house winders! You needn’t tell me!”
he cackled. “Bet I c’d beat that myself,
if I am a grandfatherl”

  It was unendurable. A red rage flooded
Russell’s whole being. Twelve years of
parental drilling on the respect due to age
fell from him like a torn shirt. Furiously
throwing down his bat and cap, he shouted,
as he stalked from the diamond:

  “All right, why’n’t you go on in and
prove it?”

  “Gentlemen, I blush for my che-ild,”
Mr. Kingdon apologized, turning off with
a jest, as was his custom, a difficult situa-
tion. “Let’s accept the challenge, and show
’em! Get in behind the plate, Coyle.
How about you at first, Trescott? One
minute for a warm-up, Mr. Jennings, and
you go in to bat.”

  The Bear-Cats circled off to the side-
lines, their faces registering mingled emo-
tions of amusement and annoyance, deeply
tingled with shame on the part of those
pitiable three whose parents were thus
making an exhibition of themselves.

  There was no doubt about the enjoy-
ment of the men. Their coats and hats
came off in a jiffy; sleeves were rolled up
and collar? discarded. The warm-up con-
tinued until Russell demanded scathingly
of Shorty whether he supposed these old
ginks meant to hog the whole afternoon
buttin’ in on their game?

  Grandpa Jennings took his stand at the
plate at last, however.

  “Now none of your fancy tricks on me,
Kingdon,” he admonished. “I’m thirty

BY GERTRUDE MACNULTY STEVENS

101
ROMANCE

years out of practice, but I used to be a
husky hitter on a straight one. We never
had no curves in my day.”

  He let the first two balls go by with-
out an effort.

  “Them's no good,”- he remarked calmly.
“They’re good for two strikes,” asserted
]\lr. Kingdon.

  ‘‘The devil they are,” flared the old
man. “One of ’em was round my neck
and t’other two feet wide o’ the plate!”
“You’re a — er — you’re mistaken!”
shouted Mr. Kingdon. ‘ They were per-
fect strikes. How about it, Coyle?”

  “We need an umpire,” Mr. Coyle replied
diplomatically. “Isn’t that Rupert over by
the apple tree? Come on over and umpire,
Rupe! We need you.”

  Rupert, at his father’s shout, reluctantly
took a few steps toward them.

  “Aw, you don’t want me, pop. Get
somebody outside the family. There’s the
ice-man. Ask him.”

  The ice-man accepted the commission
with alacrity.

  “Batter up!” bawled the ice-man, in
true big league style, and again the ball
sped toward grandpa, who stood with feet
well apart and bat firmly clenched between
his fists, the light of a grim determination
in his eyes. By now the original audience
of Bear-Cats had been augmented by the
arrival of the other team, several delivery
wagons and a miscellaneous aggregation
of pedestrians of the male sex, whose com-
ments and criticisms stimulated the players.

  Mr. Kingdon took an impressive wind-
up and let the ball leave his hand in a
mighty heave. Grandpa met it with a
powerful swing. Out and back the ball
recoiled from the bat in a vicious foul tip
that Catcher Coyle entirely misjudged,
falling all over himself amid the spec-
tators, and picking himself up with several
unfortunate remarks that he muffled too
late.

  “Get up on your toes, you undertaker,”
yelled Mr. Kingdon, quite forgetful of the
audience. “What do you think this is, a
rest-cure?”

  Mr. Coyle responded by throwing the
ball straight at him, and so swiftly that
the pitcher had no time to put up his
glove, so was forced to stop it with his
floating ribs, a proceeding that caused him
to utter words he would later fain have
retracted.

  “Dry up and play ball,” exhorted grand-
pa, who was having the time of his life.
“This time I’m a-goin’ to knock her to
Key West.”

  And the event justified the brag. It
was, in very truth, “a whale of a wallop,”
a long, clean drive that sailed like a gleam-
ing arrow straight for the dining-room win-
dow of his daughter’s home, smashing it
into a sunburst of twinkling glass, and
upsetting two geraniums and an angora cat
that adorned the sill.

  For one eye-wink of eternity the world
stood hushed, then arose a mighty pa;an of
pure joy, led by the captain of the Bear-
Cats, and ably sustained by every human
being on the field, even to the stoic
Rupert.

  “My, Godfrey Daniels, how in heck did
I ever come to do a dodgasted thing like
that?” is what Grandpa Jennings stoutly
insists he stated anent the affair, but the
Bear-Cats to a Cat knew better, and hesi-
tated not to say so, with addenda, to the
end of their days.

  In the thick of the confusion appeared
Mrs. Ellis from the house, and before she
could articulate a word, her father as-
sumed the offensive.

  “Now, Mary ’Lizbeth,” he said, sternly,
“don’t ye say a word. Not a word. I
alius knew that there winder was p'inted
the wrong way. There never was no call
f’r a winder on that side the house any-
how. Only thing ye can do’s to put a
good heavy wire screen acrost it, and
that I’ll ’tend to myself, termorrer. There
ain’t no other place where these boys can
play-”

  “I hear you, father,” replied his daugh-
ter ominously. “And, furthermore, I
heard you a few minutes ago. I have sent
Jamie into the house-”

  The old man drew himself up to his
full height, the light of conflict still gleam-
ing in his eyes.

  “Mary ’Lizbeth,” he ordered. “You go
right in there after him. I’ll talk to you
later.”

  Their eyes crossed like rapiers for a
second, then Mrs. Ellis turned and went
swiftly across the field to her back door,
through which she disappeared with a
resounding slam of the screen.

  “Now, looky here, boys,” said Grandpa
Jennings ingratiatingly. “Which one of
you’s captain of this team?”

IOI

THE WAY OF A SIRE WITH A SON
  Several hands pushed forward the pro-
testing Russell.

  “Here he is—Russ Kingdon!”

  “H’m. Ain’t you the boy that plowed
up my lettuce bed with a ball last week?”
Russell acknowledged it.

  “H’m. Favor your paw, don't ye?’
Well, 1 was sorter hot ’bout that, but I
don’t feel so bad now. Fd kind o’ like
to make a deal with you. If you'll take
my grandson on the team and learn him

to play-”

  A murmur of dissent rose from the Bear-
Cats, and one bold spirit voiced the club
segment aloud.

  “Aw, he don’t know a hit from a sand-
hill and he’s 'fraid of the ball!”

  “I know it, but you boys can learn him
better, and if you’ll take him on and jus:
keep kinder quiet about what happened
here today, I’ll buy you a bat and ball—a
reg’lar league ball.”

  The Bear-Cats looked at one another,
and a glorious sun of possibilities rose in
their minds. They nudged Russell, and
he understood. Mr. Kingdon and the other
fathers were struggling into their coats.
The Bear-Cats faced them joyously.

  "Why, we don’t mind keeping it quiet,”
said Russell and he looked his father full
in the eyes. “Of course, we’ve got a rule

about cussing, but-”

  Mr. Kingdon was nobody’s fool. He
turned to the other men with a compelling
grin.

  “Guess we better come into this too.
Trescott? How about it, Coyle? I think
the Bear-Cats need a catcher’s mask, that
I can get, and a few base bags and a chest
protector would come in handy. Are you
with me?”

  “I am,” said John Coyle, and Harris
Trescott chimed in with the same sug-
gestion that the Civic Club might be in-
duced to provide a backstop of wire as a
measure of self-protection.

  Gradually the field cleared of all save
the captain of the Bear-Cats, who stayed
to retrieve the club property. As he gath-
ered up the last bat a long shadow fell
across his vision and a hesitant figure
drew near him.

  “ To, Russ,” said Jamie Ellis.

  “Hi, Jim!” responded Russell cordially,
and let us here state in passing that
“Jamie” died right then and there in favor
of “Jim.”

  “Hi, Jim! Say, your grandpa’s a reg’lar
feller! How’d you like to come on the
team and field for us? We got to lose
•Fats’ ’cause he's going on the school team.
Will your mother let you?”

  “Sure she will!" piped Jim joyfully.
"Grandpa said, right before her, that he'd
lick the tar outer me if 1 didn’t learn to
play ball! Say, Russ, can I come over
before school and catch with you some?”

  That night, to the corner of the Kingdon
porch, where the heads of the family rested
from their labors and recounted the day’s
occurrences, came the slow and painful
clicking of a typewriter, impelled by a
searching, unskilled forefinger.

  “Who’s at my machine?” Mr. Kingdon
began, but his wife checked him.

  “Now. Jerry, don't fuss. It’s Russell.
He's formulating some new rules for the
club. 1 saw the first three when he left
ihe machine a while ago. I’m sure you’d
endorse them.” She threw him a search-
ing, mischievous glance.

  “What" are they?'5

  "Rule I. Bad langwige of any kind postife’v
furbidden in this Club. Any offender will l.c
immeditelv kicked oul at once. And I mean it.

  Rule 11-•’

  Mr. Kingdon threw up his hands.

  “Don’t shoot. I'll come down,” h.3
begged. "Maybe you don’t know it, but
that rule is going to cost me the new
mashie I’ve been saving two months to get!
But if you could have seen old man Jen-
nings’ face when he realized his daughter
had heard him. you would agree with me
that it was worth the price, and then
some.”

  “And what did you say?" pursued Mrs.
Kingdon with interest.

  Her husband regarded her with what he
would like to have made a severe frown,
but which changed into a sheepish grin.

 “Never you mind, Madam,” he said.
“I've sent Jessica to the drug-store to buy
you some chocolate mints. I guess I can’t
afford to take any more afternoons off for
a while.”

BY GERTRUDE MACNULTY STEVENS

ic3
 The Miniature

     BY CARL CLAUSEN

ALAMEDA STREET, the one time
fashionable residence street of Los
Angeles, lay chill and deserted
under the flickering arclights. A
lazy drizzle of rain descended from the
leaden sky that hung oppressively low over
the dully gleaming chasm of the street.
Gusts of wind-driven rain tore around the
corners, shaking cascades of accumulated
rainwater from the dripping awnings.
Here and there a light from a store, whose
owner had been delayed with his accounts
after the rest of the shops had put up their
shutters, fell across the glistening sidewalk.
Within these isolated squares of light the
raindrops seemed to fall more rapidly as if’
they were hastening to return to the earth
before being discovered.

  Young Andrew Gaynor walked with
hunched shoulders and upturned coat-collar
at a quick pace along the deserted street,
past the narrow mouth of Jackson Alley,
a mere slit of a thoroughfare between two
gray walls four stories in height. It was a
night when people hugged the glowing
warmth of their hearthfires, unless business
or peculiar temperament drove them forth.
Andrew rather liked it. It gave him a sense
of exhilaration to feel the needlelike sting
of the raindrops upon his cheeks as if they
were whipping some hitherto dormant
power within him into battle with the ele-
ments.

  As he strode along, warmed by the bod-
ily glow from his brisk walk, he thought
about the drab loneliness of his past life
and compared it with his present. After
eight \\ ars of tramping the seas as a com-

mon sailor, he had suddenly taken his place
among the dwellers of the solid earth and
was beating them at their own game. His
one year at business college had served
only to open his eyes to the futility of hop-
ing to cope with a world already intrenched
against interlopers like himself.

  At first he had thought of returning to
the sea, but after meeting John Devor, a
fellow-student at the business college, a
vague but no less firm desire to batter
down the bulwarks to success had taken
hold of him. John Devor was a struggling
artist, a painter of miniatures, attending
the. night-school to learn geometry. When
he had gained sufficient knowledge the
school would know him no longer. During
recess and their walks home together after
school Andrew had listened with beating
heart to Devor’s story of his life. Devor
had been a window-trimmer. A natural
love for color and artistic arrangement had
been responsible for this latter choice of
profession. Even now when funds were
low, he went back to his old trade for a
few days to keep the pot boiling. But he
was winning slowly but steadily. The
man’s courage and enthusiasm had fired
Andrew with ambition.

  The old desire to write, that had long
lain dormant in his heart, burst into flame.
He, Andrew Gaynor, would write. He
would speak to the hearts intrenched be-
hind the barriers of money and caste and
would force them to open their portals. He
would bridge, in one span, the gulf that
separated him from the land-dwellers.

  He went about it methodically. At the

104
ROMANCE

age of sixteen he had deserted school in
favor of the sea. The things he had learned
so easily and thought so unimportant in
those years suddenly took new and un-
dreamed of value. He began to read
avidly everything he could lay his hands
on. From daylight until dark he haunted
the public library. He discovered to his
delight a new, strange country between the
dusty shelves. He discovered also that
speech like his, the sailor vernacular, was
ridiculed by most writers—lightly by
some, but ridiculed always. He decided
from that moment he’d be more careful
in his speech.

  When the attendant took his halting
request, he noted the inflection of her voice,
and her manner of pronouncing her words.
In his room at night he held a series of
lectures to himself in monologue to cure
himself of his defect of speech. He
worked prodigiously into the small hours
of the night, talked w'ith people who seemed
to know things, haunted literary clubs and
lecture-halls.

  His first literary efforts weFe crude
things, written in the sweat of his brow,
but by close observance and honest self-
criticism he began to solve things that
seemed promising. He worked at slag
heat. His faith in himself never wavered
after his mind had been made up.

  His years upon the sea under many
climes came in good stead. He found him-
self in possession of an inexhaustible store-
house of information filled with the things
the land-dwellers were burning to know
and to read about.

  Smiling to himself he remembered that
the check he had received only this morn-
ing from Mr. Moore, his New York agent,
represented his sixteenth conquest in the
magazine field.

   At Arcadia Street he turned the corner
in a savage gust of wind and hastened to
shelter under the wooden awnings of the
old Bandini Block, on the top floor of
which his studio was located. Some of the
magazines had bought as high as from six
to eight stories from him, others one or
two. Hardly a month passed now when
he did not add a new editor to his growing
list.

   Sometimes in the seclusion of his modest
den he would sit and marvel at it all. For
three years he had written from daylight
until dark, and often long into the hours

of the night without selling a word. Some-
thing like a million words stood to his
credit or discredit after those three years.
His stories had gone the usual rounds, with
monthly postage bills so enormous that he
was forced to forego even a fire in his
grate.

  In his old shabby overcoat and his feet
wrapped in a blanket, he had written, writ-
ten, written. Then suddenly one day a
short essay won the first prize in a technical
magazine in New' York. The ten-dollar
check he had received for this essay seemed
the open sesame to the world of literature.

  Down South, a small southern California
magazine, bought two stories the same
week at a modest price. Mr. Carson, the
editor, gave him to understand that Down
South would be glad to buy one story a
month at the same price. Andrew was
jubilant.

  From Mr. Moore in New York, whom
Andrew had mailed some thirty short
stories a month earlier, a check for seventy
dollars came also that week for two short
stories of Los Angeles. He had broken the
ice! Two weeks later he won the second
prize in a short story contest of the Sunday
magazine of a local daily. Checks began
to come regularly from New York, modest
ones at first, then larger ones. One month
his earnings had run close to the thousand-
dollar mark! He was rich beyond his wild-
est dreams.

  Skirting the side of the building under
the sheltering awnings, Andrew turned into
a columned doorway, crossed a wide
cavernous expanse of brown tiled floor, and
mounted the stairway by the light of its
solitary flickering gaslight.

  The Bandini Block was one of the old
landmarks of Los Angeles. Built some
forty years earlier as an apartment hotel
when the corner of First and Main Streets
was a sleepy, pepper-tree shaded hub of
commerce and the old Plaza the civic and
social center of the little Pueblo of Los
Angeles, the building had been the standing
joke of the town. “Bandini’s Folly” some
wag had nicknamed it. A three-storied
structure with Renaissance cupolas and
Roman windows, it had for twenty-five
years reared its imposing pile above the
heads of the adobe dwellings about it.

  During that period it had sheltered
many notables. “Quo Vadis” had been
written in one of its high-ceilinged rooms.

BY CARL CLAUSEN	iov
ila-v _	ROMANCE

Madame Mojeska had for a short period
dwelt within its hospitable walls. Then
suddenly the southward trend of the city
had left the old building for a period of ten
years cobwebbed and forgotten in the
center of the present Latin quarter of Los
Angeles.

  One by one, men of artistic temperament
and meager means—the two things seem
to go together—found this old shell of a
building and moved in. Others followed.
In the space of two years, every room of
the top floor had been taken by devotees
of pigment, letters and music. The second
floor was still occupied by- a miscellaneous
aggregation of brokers, Latin weeklies and
job-printing establishments with a fortune-
teller or two to give variety.

  Andrew Gaynor mounted the second
flight of stairs to the third floor and turned
the key of his studio. From a half-open
doorway across the hall came the soft
tinkling of a piano. Pausing to shake the
water from his hat in the ill-lighted hall,
Andrew listened. “Pete” was playing Ley-
bach's “Fifth Nocturne.” It was her signal
to him that her day’s labor of wrestling
with pupils was over. The tea-kettle, he
knew, was now humming away upon the
single-burner gasplate.

  Andrew threw his coat and hat over a
chair inside his studio, closed the door and
tiptoed across the cavernous hall, pausing
outside the half-open door. From his vest-
pocket he pulled a small object. It was a
ring-case, plush-covered and dainty. Open-
ing the lid he stood looking thoughtfully at
a fine solitaire, set in platinum, gleaming
against the dark purple plush in the murky
light of the hall.

  Returning the ring to his pocket he
leaned his shoulder against the doorjamb
and stood looking through the half-open
door at the girl seated before the old black-
walnut piano. Unobserved by her in the
gloom of the hall, where two flickering gas-
jets and the murky glow of the city through
the skylight above the carved staircase
only seemed to accentuate the gloom, he
stood watching her as her slender fingers
wandered up and down the yellow, dis-
colored keyboard;

  The air the girl was playing seemed
curiously interwoven with the mood and
atmosphere of the old building. Andrew
stood watching her in silence. Now and
then he strained for a glimpse of her dark

«o6	THE MIN

head as it moved out of his range of vision
with the rhythm of the music. Her head
was throw back slightly, and her long dark
eyelashes lay like twin crescents of jet
against her clear white skin. Her face
with its thin aquiline nose and tapering
chin was outlined in sharp profile against
the shaded glow of a lamp behind her. The
rather high cheek-bones threw a soft
shadow over the lower part of her face
and gave it a suggestion of frailness that
the proud poise of her head and her firm
white throat could not entirely dispel. A
head of brown hair, bobbed high above
the white sailor collar of her plain black
shirtwaist, which was held together at the
throat with a heavy white cord, gave the
face a certain haughtiness.

  Petra Agostini—Pete—had rented the
studio some two years earlier. She was
the daughter of a poor Italian foundry-
man, who, because of his large and ever-
increasing family, had welcomed the girl’s
determination to shift for herself. On
certain occasions Agostini, Sr., visited his
daughter’s studio with one or more of the
younger Agostinis, out at heel and elbows,
tagging along to give weight to his pre-
carious financial problems. After such
visits Pete would dine on tea and toast for
many days.

  Between Andrew and the girl had
sprung up a friendship built upon respect,
warm mutual interest and unflinching am-
bition. His evenings spent by Pete’s grate,
criticizing, each encouraging and eager for
the other’s praise, were delightful; but no
moments were comparable to those when
with Pete’s arm linked in his and the girl’s
light step flying to keep up with him they
tramped together over the poppy-clad hills
of Garavanza.

  From the day of his first meeting, An-
drew had taken to her. He discovered in
Pete a marvelous creature who could laugh
with him over trifles, sympathize with him
in his failures, and spur him on to greater
endeavors when he became too serene in
the security of accomplishment. He found
that he could at will awaken in her echoes
of his hopes. She was a constant source
of wonder and delight to his honest, primi-
tive sailor nature.

  The short distance he had traveled along
the road to fame had opened to him a vista
of hitherto undreamed of things, and day
bv rfnv he grew more humble and eager for

I ATURE
praise and encouragement. With his small
success had come a certain air of convic-
tion in his bearing, a deep and powerful
persuasion in his voice. He could meet
men on their own ground and discuss
matters with authority. The tenants of
the Bandini Block frightened him no
longer. He had grown used to being looked
upon as a man of attainment, whose advice
was worth soliciting. They sought his
opinion and criticism. It gave him a feel-
ing of intrinsic worth that was very grati-
fying and at the same time gave him per-
spective to keep his eyes unfalteringly upon
the road where the real giants of the earth
were traveling.

  As he stood in the darkness beyond the
half-open door, looking at the girl's face
silhouetted against the glow of the lamp, a
sudden fear that this picture of her would
vanish in air took hold of him. He was
still so recent from the sea and the drab
loneliness of the sailor’s quarters, that the
memory of sordid things was very poignant
and real.

  Even now he would wake up at night
from some troubled dream of his lonely
past which only the sight of his work-
table, stacked to overflowing with maga-
zines containing his published stories, and
the thought of Pete, could dispel. He
would crawl back to bed with a sigh of
relief after fondling some familiar object
and lay on his back smoking and think-
ing, with the sweetness of the girl’s per-
sonality assuaging the horrors of his dream.

  He realized tonight more than ever how
necessary Pete had become to him. Two
years earlier, during the despairing hours
when the question of his next meal had
been a powerful driving force toward suc-
cess, he had needed nothing more to spur
him on. The very obstacles that had piled
themselves mountain-high before him, had
aroused his fighting spirit to a pitch that
no barriers could exclude. But now, with
the creature satisfied, the reaction from his
three years of suffering and sacrifice had
caused a certain bodily apathy to creep
upon him at times, as when one awakens
on a cloudy day cold and depressed from
a too long sleep.

  He had tried to throw himself into the
Bohemian life and gaiety of the old build-
ing. thinking thus to effect a cure, but
after such short excursions he always re-
turned to his work frantically with a feel-

ing of having betrayed himself and li.s
dream-people. A visit to Pete with her
warm, genuine personality, her unfailing
sense of intrinsic values, would then put
him aright.

  “It is because they are not honest with
themselves,” Pete had said one evening.

‘ I like them, but they are so frantically
trying to live up to what the world calls
‘Bohemianism,’ that they have lost the
sense of value and have gotten out 01
touch with themselves. Why be a freak
because you have a talent? Simplicity is
the hallmark of true genius.”

  His wonder at her sane arguments and
clear-thinking mind never ceased. The
lofty idealism of this girl, that neither sor-
did home conditions nor the rebuffs of the
world had been able to shake, gave An-
drew renewed hope and purposes. He
began to measure the vices and virtues of
his characters by Pete’s philosophy and
unconsciously wrote her personality into
the pages of his stories.

  The girl stopped playing and turned
her head, perceiving him for the first
time.

  “Andy!” she exclaimed, rising from the
piano-stool with both hands extended, as
Andrew pushed the door open and entered.
“You almost frightened me. How long
have you been standing there? Why
didn’t you come in?”

  “Is tea ready? Andrew asked sheep-
ishly, like a schoolboy caught in the act.
He handed her a paper sack. “Some of
those Chinese almond cookies you said you
liked. I walked down to Tuey Far Low’s
and got ’em.”

  “In this rain?” Pete answered, regard-
ing him with a faint flush on her cheeks
as she opened the paper sack. “You must
be wet. Pull the rocker over by the grate
while I brew the tea. The water is
boiling.”

  Andrew sat by the fire watching her as
she moved about the room. The shaded
glow of the lamp on the piano threw a
soft shadow upon her face as she bent over
the tea-tray on the stand near-by. He
could not see her eyes but he felt them
suffused with a soft, tender light beneath
her drooping eyelids. She moved forward
a step or two with the tray in her hand.

  “Shall we move the stand over by the
fire?” she asked.

  For a moment he sat gazing at her stand-

BY CARL CLAUSEN

107
ROMANCE L

ing there in the half-light with the tray
poised in her slender hands and her head
thrown back. She looked like a boy page
of some ancient day.

  “Andy, are you dreaming?” she asked
with a quick embarrassed laugh.

  “Excuse me!” he said, springing to his
feet and moving the stand in front of the
grate between the two chairs. “I guess I
was—dreaming,” he added, avoiding her
gaze.

  When she poured the tea he lifted his
eyes for an instant. She was looking at
the tray, not at him. Passing him his cup
without raising her eyes, she stretched her-
self in the chair opposite with her own
cup in her lap.

  “Well, what’s the score today?” she
asked presently.

 “Two thousand words,” Andrew an-
swered, his eyes upon the glowing embers.
“And a check from the Black Book—for
eighty-five dollars.”

  “Good!”

  Her face lighted instantly with en-
thusiasm for his good fortune. For a mo-
ment she sipped her tea in silence. Then
she said—

  “Some day you’ll be a great man, Andy.”

  Andrew did not answer her at once. He
felt that she was thinking precisely of what
was on his own mind. He glanced appre-
hensively at the bulky protuberance which
Ihe ring-case made above his vest-pocket.
Many times he had been on the point of
asking Pete to marry him but he felt that
her own success in music must be assured
before she would consent. To ask her now
would be unfair. In monetary reward he
had gone far beyond her. He knew that
he must wait until such a time when she
could give herself fo him with a sense of
equality. Her pride would never allow
her to participate in his success before
her own future as an artist had been
assured.

  “Some day you’ll be a great pianist,”
he answered presently.

  She nodded.

  “Yes!”

  They sat in silence with the crackling
fire and the glow of their thoughts warming
them to a sense of their importance in
cach other’s eyes and to the world, humbly
conscious of the gifts the Master had
showered in their laps, proudly determined
to make the utmost of those gifts.

  ‘‘Some day I may have to go to New
York,” Pete said presently.

  The words sent a pang through Andrew.
His hand, grasping the saucer, trembled.

  “Of course!” he answered dully.

  Pete turned her dark eyes upon him.

  “The Bandini Block will be lonely with-
out you, Pete,” Andrew added. “It seems
as if we should always go on working
shoulder by shoulder, you and I.”

  He let this vision possess him as she
filled his empty cup. He w’as never as
happy as when he surrendered himself to
dreams about Pete and himself. These
dreams had become interwoven with the
motive of every sentence and paragraph in
his stories. If Pete went to New York his
genius would depart with her.

  The girl placed her empty cup on the
tray and leaned back in her chair with
her hands folded in her lap.

  “I have helped you, then?” she asked
softly.

  “Yes, very—much.”

  “You have helped me more than you
realize, Andy,” she said, dropping her lids
slowly in the way he liked. “Very few
women are blessed with a friend like you.
Your fairness to my sex is the result of
your years upon the sea. I wonder, Andy,
if you’ll ever lose this perspective of fair-
ness.”

  “I hope not,” he answered.

  Andrew arose from his chair with the
pretext of replenishing the fire. Peje
reached out her arm for a piece of wood
from the box at her side. As Andrew took
the piece of wood from her his hand
touched hers. For a brief moment his
fingers closed about hers. Pete sat staring
at the fire motionless, without protest.
Andrew threw the piece of wood upon the
glowing embers. In the resultant flare, he
stole a glance at the girl. A soft smile
lingered about her lips.

  There was a long silence between them.
Deep quiet fell upon the room. The blue
gas-flame under the tea-kettle lay flat and
still like a pool of faintly glowing phos-
phorus. A cloud of tobacco smoke from
Andrew’s pipe churned lazily and wreath-
like in the circle of light sharply defined
by the colored Chinese lamp-s^ade. The
grotesquely carved legs of the old-fashioned
piano seemed to become alive with gar-
govlish images dancing in the firelight.

  Upon the windows lav a snowy film cf

THE MINIATURE
ROMANCE

^SSL_

steam, shading into gray transparency at
the edges. Everything about the room was
just as Andrew had pictured it when he
had pushed his way against the storm an
hour earlier. In his wanderings about the
seas he had thought of such a scene as this,
seated with his dream-girl before their
glowing grate with a good day’s work
accomplished. . . .

  There was steps outside in the hall, fol-
lowed by a knock. John Devor entered
and closed the door behind him.

  ‘•Hello, folks,” he said, throwing his rain-
coat over the back of a chair and advanc-
ing to the glowing grate rubbing his wet,
steaming hands. “Please sit still,” he
added, dropping to a seat on the wood-box
beside Pete, refusing the chair Andrew
pushed forward. “I’d much rather sit
where I am. You can’t get close enough
to a fire on a night like this.”

  He glanced from Pete, who had risen
and was pouring him a cup of tea, to
Andrew’s face.

  “What’s happened?” he asked in mock
seriousness. “You both look like you had
lost your last friend or—dollar.”

  The girl passed him his cup with a quiet
smile.

  “How’s your cough, John?” she asked,
ignoring his question.

A shadow passed momentarily over
Devor’s face. He stirred his tea thought-
fully before replying. Then, with a pa-
thetic smile on his thin lips, he replied:
“Fine! It’s growing into a real man’s
size cough. Even the landlady is begin-
ning to take notice. She hinted this morn-
ing that she might have to increase my
room-rent. Tourist season and so forth,
she said. Doctor Bayless gave me six
months to live, bless his generous heart.”
Pete shot Andrew a scared glance.
“Why don’t you chuck everything and
go camping in the mountains, John?”
Andrew inquired.

  “Hm,” Devor answered. “In the Spring

I	shall, perhaps. At present I’m having
rather a good time analyzing the progress
of slow dissolution. It’s good copy and
fascinating. Some day I hope to write a
book about the last moments of a con-
sumptive. If I happen to pass out before
the book is finished, you’ll find half a
ream of notes on the subject in the top
shelf of my bookcase, Andrew. It’s hot
stuff.”

  “John!” Pete exclaimed in horrof.
Devor placed his hand on the girl’s arm
with a motion of apology.

  “Forgive me, Pete,” he said contritely,
“I didn’t mean to be a boor. I guess this
thing is beginning to get on my nerves. 1
have always been so confoundedly healthy,
you know.”

  “You mustn’t talk like that, John.”

  He continued with vehemence:

  “For six years I have struggled and
fought. Just when success is within my
grasp, this thing comes along.” He
drained his cup to the dregs and placed
the empty cup on the stand. “It’s a great
life if you don’t weaken,” he whispered
with a slow smile.

  When Devor had gone to his studio
Andrew rose and stretched his legs before
the fire.

  “Poor John,” he murmured.

  Pete was busy putting the tea things
away in the far end of the room. She did
not answer at once. Then crossing the
floor to Andrew’s side, she held her hands
over the grate and said—

  “I think John is broke, Andy.”

  Andrew started and grasped her by the
shoulders.

  “Good God!” he exclaimed. “It never
struck me for a moment. Why—why
didn’t he say something?”

  “John is proud,” Pete answered softly.
“Something he said yesterday started me
to thinking. Didn’t you notice his watch
was gone? I think John is in a bad way.”
Instinctively Andrew ran his finger into
his own vest-pocket. It came in contact
with the plush-covered ring-case. Pete’s
eyes followed his finger.

  “What’s that lump?” she asked inno-
cently.

  For a moment Andrew was at a loss
what to say. Then looking into her dark
eyes he saw that she was half-suspecting
what the pocket contained. He blushed
furiously. Pulling the ring-case from the
pocket he placed it in her hand and
watched her breathlessly open it.

  “Andy!” she exclaimed.

  He took the ring from her hand and
placed it on her finger. As he did so the
case dropped to the floor and rolled under
the rocking chair. Pete raised her face to
his. Andrew took her burning cheeks be-
tween his hands and kissed her. For a
moment she clung to him shyly. He laid

BY CARL CLAUSEN
1 ROMANCE l~ _ggLJ^. 1

his lips upon her hair that was soft and
fragrant like mosses on the warm slopes
of the canons.

  “I—I—was afraid to ask you,” he whis-
pered, “you seemed so—wrapped up in
your career, Pete.”

  “Andy,” she laughed softly, “love was
all I needed to make my success sure. And
love itself is the greatest career in the
world.”

  He smoothed the hair from her fore-
head with trembling, ecstatic fingers. It
seemed to Andrew that the world was a
great chamber filled to bursting with ex-
quisite music that any moment might rend
it asunder and scatter its sweet-toned won-
der over the universe.

  There was a knock on the door. The
two lovers flew apart.

  “Come in,” Andrew said with a new
authority in his voice.

  John Devor entered. He gazed curi-
ously from one to the other.

  “I dropped my note-book somewhere,”
he said, glancing about the floor in front
of the grate.

  Pete lifted the lamp from the stand and
helped him search. Moving the rocking-
chair, Devor dropped to his knees and dis-
covering the ring-case where it had rolled
under the chair, held it up to the light and
examined it. Andrew and Pete exchanged
meaning glances. Devor opened the ring-
case with an odd expression on his face.
His glance fell upon Pete’s face suffused
with a telltale flush, and traveled slowly
to her hand grasping the lamp upon whose
finger the solitaire sparkled in the soft
light. His face turned the color of chalk.
Rising to his feet he placed the ring-case
dazedly upon the mantle. For a moment
he stood swaying in the uncertain light,
then he ran his hand over his eyes as if
to brush away some unpleasant vision and
drew a deep breath.

  “I guess I must have dropped—the note-
book in the hall,” he stammered. “You’ll
excuse me for bothering you.”

  He crossed the floor unsteadily. At the
door he paused with his thin bony hand
clutching the knob convulsively.

  “Good night and—good luck to both of
you.” he said with white lips.

  The next moment the door closed upon
him. Pete replaced the lamp on the stand.
When she joined Andrew at the grate there
was tears in her eyes.

  “Poor old John,” Andrew whispered,
“we’ve both been blind, Pete.”

  He bent low and kissed her.

  “Good night, Pete,” he said gently, tak-
ing her slim hand in his own and holding
it up to the firelight. In the soft glow
the diamond sparkled and leaped as a
thing alive. Pete pressed the ring to her
lips, and looked at Andrew in silent adora-
tion.

  “Good night, Andy,” she said softly.

  Andrew crossed the dim-lighted hall to
his studio as in a dream. Beneath his new
found happiness smoldered the thought of
John Devor, his friend, fighting a losing
battle with the white specter in his lonely
tower studio down the hall.

II

THE next day when Andrew went to
lunch he met Agostini Sr. coming
down the stairs. A wave of resentment
and disgust swept over Andrew’ as he
glanced at the wrinkled, scowling face of
the old Italian foundry-man. Pete had
been bled again. No one knew better than
he himself how ill she could afford it!

  Motioning to the man he drew him into.
the sheltering darkness of the stairway.
Old Agostini’s face turned white with guilt.

  “What you want?” he growled, drawing
back.

    Andrew drew forth a roll of small
bills and counted twenty dollars into the
astonished man’s hand.

  “When you need money again, come to
me,” he said. “Understand? You are not
to bother Pete any more.”

  “I—understand,” the old man grinned,
favoring Andrew with a knowing wink.

  “I don’t think you do—quite,” Andrew
retorted, clenching his fists meaningly.

  The man shrank back coweringly,
stuffing the bills into his greasy pocket.

  “Miss Agostini must know nothing about
this. You may tell her that your wages
have been raised or anything you choose.
Once a month I will meet you at an ap-
pointed place, with a like amount, on the
condition that you do not breathe a word
about this to your daughter. Understand?
As much as a hint and the allowance stops.
Good-by.”

  When Andrew mounted the stairs and
unlocked his door half an hour later, he
saw Tohn Devor come out of Pete’s studio,

J IO

THE MINIATURE
R O M ANCE

close the door softly behind him and walk
on tiptoe down the deserted hall to his
tower room above. At the foot of the
narrow staircase which led to the tower
Devor paused for a moment and stood
gazing at a small dark object in his out-
stretched palm. The rays of the Winter
sun fell yellow and wan through the sky-
light above his head upon his gaunt, sunken
face.

  Andrew saw him bend over the object
in his hand for a moment, then with his
head sunk on his chest, Devor mounted
the narrow staircase out of sight. Andrew
stood rooted to the spot. What was Devor
doing in Pete’s studio? The girl was ab-
sent, he knew, at this hour. Andrew had
recognized the object in his friend’s hand.
It was the purple plush ring-case. He
wanted to run after Devor, but something
restrained him. Opening the door of his
studio he flung himself upon the lounge
and buried his face in his hands.

   With the door ajar he watched for Pete’s
return, resolving to say nothing about the
incident. She would think the empty case
had been swept out by the janitor during
her absence. She came in an hour later
than usual. As she stepped upon the land-
ing outside her door, Andrew took the
key from her hand and opened the door.
Her face was flushed with the exertion of
the two flights of stairs, and when he closed
the door behind them and took her in his
arms, he felt her heart beating close to
his own in their embrace. She removed
her hat and gloves while he stood watching
her out of his eager, happy eyes. Glancing
at her gloveless hand he asked—

   “Where is the ring, Pete?”

   “Oh,” she replied, “I couldn’t bear to
have other people share in my happiness—
yet. I left it there in the case on the
mantle—why—where!” She crossed the
floor to the mantle with a cry of horror.
“Andy,” she gasped, “are you playing a
joke on me?”

  Andrew stood staring at the smooth
empty expanse of the mantle-shelf.

   “You—left—it in the plush case—on the
—mantle?” he asked dazedly.

   “Yes, yes,” she cried. “Oh, Andy, some
one must have stolen it.”

   For a moment Andrew stood speechless,
staring from the mantle to the girl’s tear-
ful face.

   “Oh, my God!” he blurted out.

  The horrible situation burst upon him
in a flash. The plush ring-case in Devor’s
hand as he mounted the stairs to his
studio! It was perfectly plain. His
friend’s financial condition had caused him
to commit a theft.

  “Has anyone besides John and myself
got the key to this room?” he asked
hoarsely.

  “Only the janitor and my father,” Pete
quavered. “I would trust either of those
three.” She sank into a chair and buried
her face in her hands. “Oh, what must
you think of me, Andy,” she sobbed.

  Andrew took her in his arms.

   “Never mind, sweetheart,” he whispered.
“It’ll turn up sure. Don’t worry! Leave
it to me.”

  Just before dusk Andrew walked with a
heavy heart up the creaking stairs to
Devor’s tower room on the roof of the
building. For an hour he had been re-
hearsing over and over again what to say
to John. He had decided to drop no hint
about the loss of the ring for the present.
In some way he must contrive to force
John to accept a loan, so that his unfortu-
nate friend would be enabled to return the
ring. At first a wave of resentment and
horror had swept over Andrew at John’s
betrayal of his faith in him. But upon
maturer consideration, the resentment gave
place to a feeling of great pity and toler-
ance. He placed himself in John’s position
and shuddered. The temptation of starva-
tion he knew only too well. After all,
what was the price of a paltry ring with
a human life at stake? The ring with its
one-carat gem spelled two months of
leisure in the mountains for John—two
months longer lease of life for his sick
friend. Andrew shuddered for himself,
were he placed in such a position.

  When he knocked at the door of the
tower room he heard Devor spring to his
feet.

  “Who is there?”

  “It’s Andy, John,” Andrew answered,
with beating heart.

  “Just a moment, Andy.”

  Andrew heard Devor close a drawer,
then footsteps across the floor. The next
moment the. bolt was withdrawn and John,
in his smoking-jacket, opened the door.

  “I was doing some special work, so I
shot the bolt,” Devor explained, pointing
to a chair; “sit down, Andy.”

BY CARL CLAUSEN

111
_ romance	—

  Andrew glanced about the room. Never
before today had it struck him how poorly
this tower room was furnished. He had
always thought of the place with its half-
finished sketches in oil and pastel as a
workshop. Now he saw it for the first
time as the only home John had ever
known. The ragged couch-cover, the crazy
chairs, the table littered with tubes of
paint, worn-out brushes, and crayons were
eloquent of his friend’s reduced circum-
stances.

  For several moments he sat with parched
lips, avoiding John’s gaze. He was at a
loss how to begin. He could not come
right out and offer his friend assistance.
Devor was standing with his back to him
looking out of the window across the roofs
of the buildings. Andrew’s gaze wandered
about the room. Suddenly a thought
occurred to him.

  “John,” he said with as much calm as
he could muster, pointing to a painting
of a young girl near the window, “what
will you take for that picture?”

  Devor turned upon him slowly with a
cynical smile on his thin lips.

  “Don’t kid me,” he said.

  “I am in earnest, John. How much will
you take, spot cash?”

  “Ye Gods,” John whispered, “my first
sale. Steady boy! How much shall I
stick the gentleman? He looks good for
ten dollars. Shall I wrap it up or do you
wish it delivered, sir?”

  Andrew drew out his check-book with
trembling hands.

  “Give me a pen,” he said.

  He tore off the check and handed it to
Devor.

  “I’ve O.K.’d the signature. You can get
it cashed at any bank.”

  Devor stood staring at the piece of pa-
per dazedly.

  “Fifty dollars,” he murmured. “Andy,

I refuse to allow you to-”

  “Give me the picture before you change
your mind,” Andrew said sternly. “The
transaction is closed.”

  Devor took the painting from the wall
and handed it to Andrew. His face was
flushed with a mixture of embarrassment
and gratitude. When Andrew paused in
the open door with the picture under his
arm, John held out his hand and said
huskily—	,

  “I sha’n’t forget, Andy.”

  For a moment Andy looked his friend
straight in the face. John’s eyes never
wavered. Andrew felt the guilty flush of
suspicion, unwarranted, mount to his own
cheeks.

  “Good-by,” he said, closing the door
softly and descending the stairs.

  Pete was waiting for him in his studio
w'hen Andrew entered with the picture
under his arm.

  “I—I—think I have a clue to the loss
of the ring,” he said, avoiding her gaze.
“Get your hat and coat and let us go to a
play and try to forget about the ring.
Everything will be all right.”

  The girl glanced .at the picture and
caught her hand at her throat.

  “Andy!” she whispered, looking him
straight in the eyes.

  Andrew dropped his eyes in confusion.

  “Please get your hat and coat and let
us be going,” he said almost gruffly.

  “All right, Andy,” the girl whispered
humbly, leaving the room,

III

WHEN the door closed upon Andrew,
Devor stood gazing silently at the
check in his hand. Crossing the room, lie
drew from his pocket a small key with
which he opened the top drawer of his
dresser.

  With trembling hands he took from the
drawer the small purple ring-case and
pressed the spring and smiled softly. The
night before, he had remdved the inside
padding and had fitted in its place a small
miniature painting of Pete which he had
begun shortly after midnight and had jus*,
finished when Andrew had knocked. He
had intended to replace the ring-case on
the mantle before Pete’s return from her
afternoon pupils, as a surprize for the girl,
but Andrew’s visit had upset this plan.

  Changing his smoking-jacket for a gray
Norfolk, he folded up Andrew’s check,
stuck it in his vest-pocket, placed the ring-
case with its miniature painting open on
the table, that the paint might dry quickly,
and left the studio, locking the door be-
hind him.

  After cashing the check at Andrew’s
bank, he called on Rubinstein, the pawn-
broker, to redeem his watch on which he
had borrowed ten dollars a few days
earlier.

1 I 7.

THE MINIATURE
R O M ANCE

  Rubinstein was busy with a customer at
the far end of the store, so Devor sauntered
about the place looking at the showcases.
His attention was attracted to the wicket
gate in front of the safe by the excited
voice of Rubinstein’s customer and the
pawnbroker’s insistent refusal of some
request.

  Glancing up curiously, Devor saw the
owner of the excited voice, a short dark-
complexioned man, stuff a handful of soiled
bills into his trousers pocket. There was
something familiar about the man. Devor
turned his back upon the two men as
the customer came shambling down be-
tween the showcases. As the man passed
into the street, Devor got a glimpse of a
swarthy familiar face. Old Agostini,
Pete’s father! He wondered what article
the old impecunious Italian had possessed
to charm money from the flinty Rubin-
stein. The family crucifix perhaps?

   Devor was aroused from his speculations
by Rubinstein tapping his shoulder.

   "Vat can I do for you, Mister Dee-vor?”
the pawnbroker inquired, rubbing his
hands genially.

  “Oh—er, my watch. I came to redeem
it,” Devor answered.

  “So soon, eh? Goot business.” Rubin-
stein grinned. “Come with me back.”

  Devor followed the pawnbroker to the
counter before the safe at the rear of the
store, where the nucleus of Rubinstein’s
business rested securely behind a row of
strong iron bars. The pawnbroker stooped
down and pulled out a drawer from which
he selected an envelope with Devor’s name
upon it.

  “Ten-forty, Mister Deevor. Ten dol-
lars principal und forty cents interest. I
must charge you full month, four per
cent.,” he sighed, as if apologizing for his
usury.

  “Very well,” Devor answered, as the
pawnbroker wound up the watch obligingly
while the money was being counted out.
Pushing the brlls across the counter to
Rubinstein, Devor asked casually—“What
did old Agostini have to pawn?”

  The pawnbroker grinned.

  “You know him?” he asked.

   ‘‘Slightly,” Devor answered.

  “A ring,” Rubinstein volunteered, “a
damn fine ring.” He reached into the open
safe behind him. “Look! Some class, eh,
-'lister Deevor?”

  Devor stared speechless with amazement
at the ring between the pawnbroker’s
gnarled fingers. There could be no mis-
take about it. It was the ring he had
seen on Pete’s finger the night before. The
design was a peculiar one of Andrew’s own
idea. Devor took the ring between his
fingers and exaipinecl it. On the inside
was engraved the word “Pete.”

  He suddenly remembered having seen
old Agostini in the hall outside Pete’s
studio about noon. The whole thing was
perfectly plain. The old Italian had vis-
ited Pete’s room in the girl’s absence.
Devor knew that the man had the key to
his daughter’s studio. He had taken the
ring from its case on the mantle—robbed
his own daughter.

  Devor handed the ring back to the
pawnbroker.

  “How much did he borrow on it?” he
asked casually.

  “Forty dollars,” Rubinstein answered.
“He wants fifty. He got mad. You heard
him.”

  Devor laughed softly.

  “You old robber,” he grinned. “It’s
worth a hundred and fifty if it’s worth a
cent.”

  “Sure, I know,” Rubinstein answered,
“retail. Wholesale about seventy-five. I
lend fifty per cent., wholesale value only.
I gotter live!”

   “You’ll never die of heart failure, Rubin-
stein,” Devor said thoughtfully. “Where
does Agostini live? Have you got his
address?”	/

  “Sure,” the pawnbroker answered, “you
like to buy the ring for the lady friend?”
Rubinstein grinned. “I bet you she right
away send for the preacher maybe. One
carat full—oi, oi. I bet she get tickled,
no?”

  “If I buy the pawnticket from Agostini
will you turn over the ring to me on pay-
ment of the forty dollars with interest?”
Devor asked.

  “Sure thing,” Rubinstein said, “four per
cent.—dollar sixty—$41.60 and the ring
is yours.”

  “Give me his address,” Devor said.

  Rubinstein consulted his pawn record.

  “‘R. Agostini, 751 Palmetto Street,’”
he said.

  Devor made a note of the address an l
handed back his watch to the pawnbrok'*".

  “I’ll let the watch stand another month,

BY CARL CLAUSEN
ROMANCE

Rubinstein. You can keep the forty cents
interest,” he said.

  Rubinstein passed Devor back his ten
dollars with a grin.

  “All right, Mister Devor.”

  “I’ll be back for the ring this evening,
Rubinstein,” Devor said. “S’long.”

IV

THE HOME of Agostini on Palmetto
Street was an old adobe hovel set
back from the street in a wilderness of
broken-down fences, woodpiles and the
overflow of a second-hand machinery con-
cern, whose yard piled high with rusted
cogwheels and scrap-iron of every descrip-
tion, surrounded it on three sides.

  Once a farm-house when the city was
young, it now stood in the center of that
mongrel demesne east of Main Street,
which is neither resident nor factory dis-
trict, a place given over without lease or
privileges to the poorest classes of the
workers. White, Black and Yellow lived
here side by side in amiable squalor. It
was a place of curs, garlic and settlement
schools. Women perennially big with
child, heavy-footed men with lack-luster
eyes, children hoary in the vices of youth.

  Devor picked his way shudderingly down
the littered unswept sidewalk. Out of this
seraglio Pete had stepped, marvelous and
bright-eyed, to demand from the world a
place for her ideals.

  In response to his knock the door was
opened by a slatternly woman with dark
eyes like Pete’s—turned heavy lidded and
weary with hopes deferred. From the room
at her back, beyond the open door, came
the fretful bickering of alien child tongues.

  “What you want?” the women inquired
of Devor, shouting a shrill warning in
Italian over her shoulder to the children.

  “Is Mr. Agostini at home?” Devor
asked, removing his hat.

  The woman regarded him searehingly in
the smoke-churned gloom of the hall.

  “What you want with him?” she re-
peated ungraciously.

  “My name is John Devor. I am a friend
of your daughter Petra. May I speak to
your husband?”

  Mrs. Agostini’s weary eyes lit up with
momentary interest.

  “A friend of Pete’s?” she asked. There
was a sudden change in her attitude and

tone, “Is she with trouble? Will you not
come in? My husband is at home, yes, but
he—is—not very well. Tonight was pay-
night,” she added by the way of explana-
tion.

  Devor nodded and followed her through
the hall into a large room that served as
kitchen, sitting-room, laundry and nursery.
Wiping a litter of crumbs from a chair
with her apron, she bade him be seated
and went into the adjoining room. Four
young Agostinis, in various stages of un-
dress, stared at Devor across the littered
supper-table. The latest arrival, scarcely
a year old, regarded him solemnly from a
battered high-chair by the stove, dividing
its attention impartially between Devor
and a crust of bread in its grubby fist.

  From the adjoining room Devor heard
the muffled voice of Mrs. Agostini exhort-
ing her husband iu Italian to get up. Pres-
ently she returned.

  “He’ll be out in a minute,” she volun-
teered, turning her back upon Devor.
“How’s Pete? There ain’t nothing bad
has happened, is there?”

  “Oh, no,” Devor answered reassuringly.
“I just came to—” he paused.

  In the open doorway stood Agostini,
stubby-bearded, unkempt, blinking his
watery eyes, one suspender dangling at his
waist.

  “What you want?” he growled, scowling
at Devor across the littered table.

  “My name is John Devor,” Devor said
steadily, extending his hand. “I’m a friend
of your daughter Petra. May I speak with
you in private?”

  Agostini ignored the salutation and
fastened his small, beady eyes furtively
upon Devor’s face. His liquor-inflamed
cheeks turned a sickly green.

  “What you want?” he spluttered with a
show of bravado.

  “I would rather discuss the matter with
you in private,” Devor answered pointedly.

  “All right!” Agostini answered ungra-
ciously. “Come in here!”

  “Well?” he growled, shutting the door
behind him and facing Devor with a men-
acing frown.

  Devor looked the man steadily in the
eyes for a moment.

  “I want you to give me the pawn-ticket,
Agostini,” he said quietly.

  “You go to hell!” the Italian shouted.

i id

THE MINIATURE
  “I will give you just one minute to pro-
duce the pawn-ticket,” Devor said.

  “You’re ver-ry kind, Meester Devor,”
Agostini retorted with a drunken leer.

  “Agostini,” Devor said, “I saw you come
out of your daughter’s studio today, and
Rubinstein gave me your address. I have
two plainclothes-men waiting down the
street. Come now, don’t be a fool.”

  The old Italian's face became livid with
fear.

  “I—I spent the money. My children
need clothes,” he whined hypocritically.

  “I didn’t ask you for the money,’’ Devor
said contemptuously. “All I want is the
pawn-ticket.”

  “Oh,” the man growled in evident relief.
He ran his hand into the pocket of his
overalls and threw a folded piece of paper
on the soiled bed-cover. “Take it!”

  Devor stuck the piece of paper in his
pocket and left the man sitting on the edge
of the bed muttering drunkenly. Mrs.
Agostini, with the baby in her arms, looked
up inquiringly as Devor came out of the
bedroom.

  “May I speak to you a moment?” Devor
asked, motioning her outside.

  “Pete sent you this,” he said, pressing a
five-dollar bill into her hand. “Better not
let your husband know,” he added.

  Mrs. Agostini caught his hand impuls-
ively.

  “Tell Pete, hello, from me,” she whis-
pered. “Maybe some day I come see her.
Only I think she ashamed of me.”

V

WHEN he stepped off the street-car at
the corner of Second and Main
Streets, Devor found to his dismay that
Rubinstein had closed his shop. He rattled
the handle of the door without getting
any response. For a moment he stood in
indecision, looking up and down the almost
deserted street and clutching the pawn-
ticket nervously in his hand. There was
nothing to do but wait until morning.

  Crossing into Spring Street, he bought
himself something to eat at a lunch-
counter. He was faint from hunger and
from the reaction after his stormy inter-
view with old Agostini. The sleepy-eyed
waiter took his order with an air of per-
sonal resentment. Devor ate his sandwich
ravenously, gulped down a cup of beastly

coffee and rose to his feet unsteadily. The
atmosphere of the place nauseated him.
He threw the amount of his check on the
greasy counter and staggered into the
street in a violent fit of coughing. Lean-
ing against a lamp»post for support, he
turned up the collar of his threadbare
NorfQlk, then continued his way unsteadily
north on Main to the studio.

  At Temple Block he paused in another
violent fit of coughing and sank exhausted
to a seat on the granite steps of the Fed-
eral Building. The street lay wet and
glistening, wrapped in gray, clammy fog
punctuated by flickering arclights. A
sharp, penetrating wind stole down the
narrow chasm of Temple Street, chilling
him to the bone. Hugging the granite ped-
estal of the bronze-armed lamp-post, he
placed his fevered forehead against the
icy metal.

   For a long time he sat very still with
his hands at his throbbing temples, think-
ing, thinking, thinking. Early in the morn-
ing he would go to Rubinstein’s and redeem
the ring. He would save Pete from the
disgrace of knowing that her own father
was a thief. Returning the ring to her with
the case containing the miniature he could
explain that he had only borrowed the
ring-case for the purpose of painting the
picture and that he had not discovered
that the ring was inside until he had opened
it in the morning to fit the miniature into
it. She would believe him implicitly. Pete
was that kind. Devor smiled softly.
Andrew’s check had saved the situation.
Little would his old friend suspect the
reward his generosity had reaped.

   Rising shiveringly, he staggered north
on Main Street through the fog. Familiar
objects stood outlined in vague blurs on
every hand. Pedestrians with hunched
shoulders and upturned coat collars rose
out of the fog, passed him and were lost
to sight a moment later. He seemed to
be groping his way through a .universe
filled with noxious, strangling fumes, whose
denizens were automatons. Gasping and
coughing, he felt his way along the wall
under the columned gloom of the Bandini
Block’s marquis-shrouded sidewalk and
found the entrance. Clutching the ban-
ister he dragged himself up the two
flights of stairs with the pawn-ticket in his
hand, and staggered down the hall to his
tower studio.

BY CARL CLAUSEN	n<
  When he inserted the key he was aston-
ished to feel the door open at his touch.
For a moment he stood swaying in the
light of the open door blinking his eyes
dazedly. Beside the table in the middle
of the room stood Pete and Andrew. On
the table in the pool of light from the
shaded reading-lamp lay the purple ring-
case with Pete’s miniature, where he had
left it to dry. Horror-struck, Devor stood
staring from one to the other. Andrew’s
gaze was bent accusingly upon him. Pete
turned her back upon him and buried her
face in her hands. Something within
Devor’s brain seemed to snap. He stag-
gered across the threshold. The pawn-
ticket fluttered from his hand. He felt
Andrew’s arm encircle his waist. The
room turned black before his eyes.

  The chill Winter sun fell through the
.arched windows above his couch. Devor
turned his head upon his pillow wearily.

  “Pete!” he gasped.

  The girl raised her head from her task
of stirring something in a water tumbler-
on a stand near his head.

  “Yes, John?” she said softly, bending
over him and pressing the glass to his
lips.

  Devor stared at her hand holding the
glass. Encircling the girl’s finger was the
stolen ring. Rising upon his eibow he ran
his hand over his eyes.

  “Pete — where — how — did you get —

that-?”

  Pete replaced the glass on the stand.
“Oh, John,” she sobbed, dropping to her
knees beside him. “We took the pawn-
ticket to Rubinstein’s this morning and re-
deemed the ring. You dropped the ticket
on the floor when you fainted last night.
Rubinstein told us everything.” She
pressed Devor’s thin, emaciated fingers to
her lips. “Oh, John, John,” she whispered,
“can you ever forgive us?”

  The door opened. Andrew entered with
a tray which he placed on the table, and,
with both hands extended, came swiftly
to Devor’s bedside.

  “John!” he said, huskily averting his
face and grasping his sick friend’s thin
hands in a grip of steel.

  Devor closed his eyes.

  “How do you like—the miniature,
Pete?” he whispered.

  “Like it?” she whispered back. “Words
can not express, John! It is the work

of a master-”

  “Yes, yes,” he murmured with a smile
on his thin bloodless lips. “The master—
painted — your — picture on — my heart,
Pete—” He rose on his pillow and took
her face between his hands. “Pete,” he
gasped, “look at me! Straight in the
eyes! I am—taking—your picture—back
with me—to—the master——”

Dust

TOUCH lightly these gray stones, since who
knows

What romances lurk here, what beauties bide?
Here some great, long-dead queen, perchance, may
hide

Her loveliness, and here’s the fragrant rose -
That graced her breast. Here, wistfully, there
blows

A song born of a poet’s ancient pride
That sorrow, want, and mortal pain defied,

And here’s the laurel crown that fame bestows.

Aye, all of these, and more—the winnowings
Of immemorial years of change and rust;
Kingdoms and creeds and prophets; flutterings
Of birds and bees and blossoms; for the dust
Is dream and youth and bloom and melody,
Love, life and death—the world’s epitome!

Charlotte Becker

: 16
The Tempering

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

A Five-Part Story
Part II

 The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.

‘ 1KTOTHIV don't nuver come ter pas hyar-

  IN about!" Boone Wellver lamented aloud
to the Cumberlands.

  Came a rustling, and Victor McCalloway, with
saber, rode up.

"Son,” said McCalloway, “I'm bound for Cyrus
Spradling’s house. Does your father live near?"

  “Hain't got no daddy, no mammy, nuther. Asa
Gregory’s my first cousin. I reckon you know
him?”

  “Yes,” replied the man, who had read about
Gregory’s indictment for the murder of John
Carr.

  At this juncture Asa strode up and volunteered
to accompany McCalloway to the latter's des-
tination. While on the way Asa told the man
he had killed Carr in self-defense.

BITTER was the party feeling in the election
for Governor of Kentucky in 180Q. Marlin
Town, a mountain community, was Republican.
Despite the hatred of the mountaineers, William
Goebel, the Democratic candidate, spoke at the
town. Asa and Boone were present.

  Later Saul Fulton, who had left the backwoods
to live as a tenant on a bluegrass farm, visited
his cousin Asa.

  “There is ter be a rally at ther incline ter-
night,” he explained, "an they wants me ter
fotch ye back—an’ thet ye shan’t tote no wecpin’
of airy sort. Your enemy, Tom Carr, ’11 be there
unarmed. Ef ye an’ Tom shakes hands, all will
ride home quiet an’ take off thar coats ter beat
Goebel for governor.”

  That night Asa and Carr shook hands, pledg-
ing to lay aside feudism for the time being for
the sake of political harmony.

After the speaking Boone went to McCallo-

way's home where he met General Basil Prince.
The two men talked late. Prince praising the
British general, Sir Hector Dinwiddie, who, slan-
dered, had taken his life in Paris.

  When Prince had finished, McCalloway held
out his saber.

  “This is Dinwiddie's sword,” he explained,
"and he trusted me enough to leave it in my
keeping."

WINTER came and the election. Both sides
claimed the narrow margin of victory and
the fight was taken to the courts. In December
Fulton and Boone drove a herd of cattle to mar-
ket and on the Twelfth the boy saw the inaugura-
tion of the Republican governor.

  Fulton and Boone lived in a frame house back
of the country home of Colonel Tom Wallifarro.
A Christmas-eve reception was held and Boone
went, thinking the affair was similar to the
parties held in the mountains.

  “I hecred tell thet thar was a dancing party
goin’ forward hyar," he announced as he opened
the door, “an’ I ’lowed I’d jest fare over fer a
spell.”

  An outburst of laughter greeted him.

  General Prince, who was present, introduced
Boone.

  “I fear I’ve done made a fool o’ myself, an'
I reckon I'll say farewell to you-all,” he re-
marked.

  “This is my party,” spoke up little Anne
Masters, “and I invite you to come in.”

A VISITOR called on Fulton one night dur-
ing the first week in February and made
arrangements for Saul, and Jim Hollins of Clay
County, and representatives of other counties,

-	117
to inducc armed mountaineers to go to Frank-
fort to petition the Legislature.

   Shortly afterward “Bev" Jett, sheriff of Marlin
County, advised Asa Gregory to go to Frankfort
to try to secure a pardon.

  When, on the twenty-fifth of January, he
visited Frankfort to attend a political conference,
Colonel Wallifarro saw a train arrive, filled with
mountaineers. He heard the cry—

  “The mountaineers have come!"

IX

WHEN the Senate convened that
day, strange and uncouth
lookers-on stood ranged about
the Statehouse corridors and
their unblinking eyes took stony account
of their chief adversary as he entered.

  Upon his dark face, with its overhang-
ing forelock, flickered no ghost of misgiv-
ing, no hint of any weakening or excite-
ment. His gaze betrayed no interest be-
yond the casual for the men along the
walls, whom report credited with a mur-
derous hatred of himself.

  Boone was fretting his heart out at the
cabin of Saul Fulton while he knew that
history was in the making at Frankfort,
and on the evening of the twenty-ninth
an eagerness to be near the focus of
activity mastered him. The elements of
right and wrong involved in this battle
of political giants were to his untrained
mind, academic; but the drama of con-
flict was like a bugle-call—clear, direct
and urgent.

  He would not be immediately needed on
the farm and Frankfort was only fifteen
miles away. If he set out at once and
walked most of the night he could reach
the Mecca of his pilgrimage by tomor-
row morning, and in his pocket was the
sum of “two-bits” to defray the expenses
of “snacks an’ sich-like needcessities.”

  For the avoidance of possible discus-
sion. he slipped quietly out of the back
door with no announcement to Saul’s wife.
With soft snowflakes drifting into his
face and melting on his eyelashes, he began
his march, and for four hours swung along
at a steady three-and-a-half-mile gait. At
last, he stole into a barn and huddled down
upon a straw pile, but before dawn he was
on the way again and in the early light
he turned into the main street of the
State capital. His purpose was to view
one day of life in a city and then to slip
back again to his uneventful duties.

  The town had outgrown its first indig-
nant surprize over the invasion of the

‘‘mountain army” and the senator from
Kenton had passed boldly through its un-
ordered ranks as need suggested. The
hillmen had fallen sullenly back and made
a path for his going.

  This morning he walked with a Close
friend, who had constituted himself a
bodyguard of one. The upper house was
tc meet at ten and it was five minutes short
of the hour when the man with preoccupied
and resolute features swung through the
gate of the Statehouse grounds. The way
lay from there around the fountain to the
door set within the columned portico.

  In circling the fountain the companion
dropped a pace to the rear and glanced
about him with a hasty scrutiny, and, as he
did so a sharp report ripped the quietness
of the place, speedily followed by the more
muffled sound of pistol shots.

  The gentleman in the rear froze in his
tracks, glancing this way and that in a
bewildered effort to locate? the sound. The
senator halted, too, but after a moment
he wavered a little, lifted one hand with
a gesture, rather of weariness than of pain,
and, buckling at the knees, sagged down
slowly until he lay on the flag-stoned walk
with one hand pr ssed to the bosom of his
buttoned overcoat.

  Figures were already running up from
here and there. As the dismayed friend
locked his arms under the prone shoulders
he heard words faintly enunciated—not
dramatically declaimed, but in strangely
matter-of-fact tone and measure.

  “I guess they’ve—got me.”

  Boone Wellver saw a throng of tight-
wedged humanity pressing along with eyes
turned inward toward some core of ex-
cited interest, and heard the words that
ran everywhere—“Goebel has been shot!”
He felt a sudden nausea as he followed
the crowd at whose center was borne a
helpless body, until it jammed about the
door of a doctor’s office, and after that,
for a long while, he wandered absently
over the town.

  Turning the corner of an empty side
street in the late afternoon, he came face

THE TEMPERING
_	ROM.

to face with Asa Gregory, and iiis per-
plexed unrest gave way to comfort.

   Asa was tranquilly studying a theatrical
poster displayed on a wall. His face was
composed and lit with a smile of quiet
amusement, but before Boone reached his
side, or accosted him, another figure
rounded the corner, walking with agitated
haste, and the boy ducked hastily back,
recognizing Saul Fulton, who might tax
him with truancy.

  Yet when he saw Saul’s almost insanely
excited gaze meet Asa’s quiet eyes, curi-
osity overcame caution and he came boldly
forward.

  “Ye’d better not tarry in town over-
long, Asa,” Saul was advising in the high
voice of alarm. “I’m dismayed ter find
ye hyar now.”

  •‘Why be ye?” demanded Asa, and his
unruffled utterance was velvet-smooth.
“Hain’t I got a license ter go wharsoever
hit pleasures me?”

  “This hain’t no safe time ner place fer
us mountain fellers,” came the anxiety-
freighted reply. “An’ you’ve done been
writ up too much in ther newspapers
a-ready. You've got a lawless repute an’
alter this mornin’ Frar.kfort-town hain’t no
safe place fer ye.”

  “I come down hyar,” announced Asa,
still with an imperturbable suavity, “ter
try an’ git me a pardon. I hain’t got hit
yit, an’ thar-fore I hain’t ready ter turn
away.”

  Gregory began a deliberate ransacking
of his pockets in search of his tobacco
plug and, in doing so, he hauled out mis-
cellaneous odds and ends before he found
what he was seeking.

   In his hands materialized a corncob pipe,
some loose coins and matches, and then
—as Saul’s voice broke into frightened ex-
clamation—several rifle and pistol cart-
ridges.

  “Good God, man,” exploded the other
mountaineer, “ain’t ye got no more com-
mon sense then ter be totin’ them things
round in this town—terday?”

  Asa raised his brows and smiled in-
dulgently upon his kinsman.

   “Why, ginrally, I’ve got a few ca’tridges
and pistol hulls in mv ‘pockets,” he
drawled. “Why shouldn’t I?”

•‘Wen, git rid of ’em, an’ be speedy about
Don’t ye know full well thet every
mountain man in town’s goin’ ter be sus-

picioned, an’ thet ther Legislater’ll vote
more money then ye ever dreamed of to
stretch mountain necks? Give them
things ter the boy, thar.”

  Fulton had not had time to feel sur-
prize at seeing Boone, whom he had left
on the farm, confronting him here on the
sidewalk of a Frankfort street. Now as
the boy reached up his hand and As.v
carelessly dropped the cartridges into it
Saul rushed vehemently on.

  “Boone, don’t make no mention of this
hyar talk ter nobody. Take yore foot
in yore hand an’ light out fer my hous •
—an’ ther fust SRring-branch ye comes
ter, stop an’ fling them things inter ther
water.”

  When the wires gave to the world the
appalling climax of that savagely acrimo-
nious campaign, a breathlessness of shock
settled upon the State where passion had
run its inflammatory course. The reitera-
tion of Cassandra’s prediction had failed to
discount the staggering reality, and for a
brief moment animosities were silenced.

  But that was not for long. Yesterday
the lieutenants of an iron-strong leader
had bowed to his dominant will. Today
they stood dedicated to reprisal behind a
martyr—exalted by his mortal hurt.

  'It appeared certain that the rifle had
barked from a window of the executive
building itself. And when police and
posses, hastily summoned, had hurried to
its doors, a grimly unyielding cordon of
mountaineers had spelled in human type
the words, “no admission.”

  The secretary of State, who was a moun-
tain man, was among the first to fall under
accusation and had the city’s police offi-
cers been able to seize the governor, he,
too, would doubtless have been thrown
into a cell. But the governor still held
the disputed credentials of office, and he
sat at his desk, haggard of feature, yet at
bay and momentarily secure behind a
circle of bayonets.

  Just wrath would not, and could not,
long remain only righteous indignation.
Out of its inflammation would spring a
hundred injustices and so in opposition to
the mounting clamor for extreme penalties
arose thundering the couqter-voice of pro-
test against a swift and ruthless sacrifice
of conspicuous scapegoats.

  To the aid of those first caught in the
dragnet of vengeful accusation, came a

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

liq
R O M A N C E

handful of volunteer defense attorneys and
among them was Colonel Wallifarro.

  The leader with the bullet-pierced breast
was dying, and in the Legislature the con-
test must be settled, if at all, while there
was yet strength enough in his ebbing life
currents to take the oath of office.

  His last fight was in keeping with his
life—the persistence of sheer resolution
that held death in abeyance and refused
surrender.

  But when the Democratic majority of
the Assembly gathered at their chambers
they encountered muskets; when, casting
dignity to the snowy winds, they raced
toward an opera house, the soldiers raced
with them, and arrived first. When they
doubled like pursued hares toward the Odd
Fellows’ Hall they found its door like-
wise barred by blade and muzzle.

  Among the first men thrown into jail
were Saul Fulton and his friend Hollins
of Clay County. Their connection with
the arrival of the mountaineers was not
difficult to establish—and for the officers
charged with ferreting out the ugly re-
sponsibility it made a plausible beginning.

  Meanwhile the majority Legislature,
thwarted of open meeting, caucussed in
hotel bedrooms and gave decision for the
dying candidate. A hectic and grotesque
rumor even whispered that Mr. Goe-
bel’s gallant hold on life had slipped be-
fore the credentials could be placed in
his weakened hand—and that the oath
was solemnly administered to a dead
body.

  Boone had gone back to Saul’s farm-
house, and, on the way, he had tossed
the cartridges into a brook that flowed
along the road, but his brain was in a
swirl of perplexity and in his blood was
an innoculation. He would never know
content .again unless, in the theater of
public affairs, he might be an onlooker
or an actor.

X

A FEW days after that Boone started
back again to his mountains. With
Saul in jail and his wife returning to her
people, there was nothing further to hold
him here. Indeed, he was anxious now to get
home. Like one who has been bewildered
by a plethora of new experiences, he
needed time to digest them, and above

all he wanted to talk with Victor McCallo-
way whose wisdom was, to his thinking,
as that of a second Solomon. There, too,
was his other hero, Asa, who had returned
to the hills as quietly as he had left them.
Boone was burning to know whether in
the whirlpool of excitement there at Frank-
fort, his efforts to secure executive clem-
ency had met with success or failure.

  When, immediately upon crossing Cedar
Mountain, he presented himself at Mc-
Calloway’s house, he was somewhat non-
plussed at the grave, almost accusing eyes,
which the hermit gentleman bent upon
him.

  “I’ve jest got back hyar from' ther big
world down below,” announced the boy,
“an’ I fared straight over hyar ter see ye
fust thing.” He paused, a little crest-
fallen to note that reserve of silence where
he had anticipated a warmth of welcome,
and then he went on shyly. “Thar was
hell ter pay down thar at Frankfort town,
an’ I seed a good part of ther b’ilin’ with
my own eyes.”

  Very slowly Victor McCalloway made
response.

  “You have witnessed a tragedy—a crime
for which the guilty parties should pay
with their lives. Even then a scar will
be left on the honor of your State.”

  Boone crowd- d his hands into his coat-
pockets and shivered in the wet wind, for
as yet he had not been invited across the
threshold.

  “I don’t know nothin’ about who done
hit,” he made calm assertion. “But fel-
lers like Saul Fulton ’peared ter ’low he
plum’ needed killin’.”

  Fellows like Saul Fulton!

  The retired soldier drew a long breath
and his eyes narrowed.

  “You went down there, Boone, with a
kinsman who now stands accused of com-
plicity. The law presumes his innocence
until it proves him guilty, but I’m not
thinking of him much just now. I’m
thinking of you.” He paused as if in
deep anxiety then added: “A boy may be
led by reckless and wilful men into—well
—grave mistakes. I believe in you, but
you must answer me one question and you
must answer it on your word of honor—
as a gentleman.”

  The boy’s pupils widened interrogatively
and held those older eyes with an un-
faltering steadiness. In their frank and

I zo

THE TEMPERING
ROMANCE

SKfe&s&TiOi

engaging depths of blue as open as the
sky, Victor McCalloway read the answer
to his question and something like a sigh
of relief shook him—something spasmodic,
that clutched at his throat and his well-
seasoned reserve.

  He had dreaded that Boone in that fa-
natically bitter association might have
brushed shoulders with some guilty knowl-
edge. He had refused that fear lodgment
in his thoughts as an ungenerous suspicion,
but a lurking realization had persisted. It
might need only a short lapse from a new
concept to an inherited and ancient code
to make heroes of “killers” for this strip-
ling.

  Slowly and candidly the boy spoke.

  “On my word of honor as a gentle-
man-”

  His utterance hung hesitantly on that
final word. It was a new thought that it
might be applicable to himself, yet this
man was a better and more exacting judge
of its meaning than he, and his heart
leaped to the quickened tempo of a new
pride.

  “I don’t know nothin’—save thet I
heered hit named aforehand thet men war
a cornin’ from ther mountings ter see
justice done, an’ didn’t aim ter be gain-
said ner thwarted. I ’lowed, though, hit
would come about in f’ar fight—ef so be
hit bred trouble.”

  That same afternoon Asa Gregory hap-
pened by, and because McCalloway had
come to recognize in his influence the
most powerful feudal force operating upon
the boy’s thought, he waited somewhat
anxiously to hear whether the man would
express himself on the topic of the assas-
sination. Since it was no part of wisdom
to assail deep-rooted ferocities of thought
in minds already matured beyond plas-
ticity, he did not himself broach the mat-
ter, but he was pleased when Asa spoke
gravely and of his own volition.

  “I done hed hit in head ter go along
down thar ter Frankfort with them boys
thet Saul gathered tergether, but now I’m
right glad I went by myself. Thet war a
mighty troublous matter thet came ter
pass thar.”

  “Did yer git yore pardon. Asa?” asked
Boone, and the older kinsman hesitated,
then made a frank reply.

   “I hain’t talkin’ much erbout thet, son.
Ther governor war hevin’ a right stressful

time an’ any favors he showed ter moun-
tain men war bein’ held up ergainst him
by his enemies. But I reckon I kin trust
both of ye. Yes, I got ther pardon.”

  Late in February an item of news filtered
in through the ravines of the hills which
elicited bitter comment. The Legislature
had voted a reward fund of one hundred
thousand dollars for the apprehension and
conviction of those guilty of the assassina-
tion of Senator Goebel, and, heartened
by this spurring, the pack of detectives,
professional and amateur, had cast off
full-cry.

  Saul Fulton lay in jail all that Winter
without trial. Upon the motion of the
Commonwealth his day in court was post-
poned by continuance after continuance.

  “I reckon,” suggested Asa bluntly,
“they’ aims ter let him suiter in jail long
enough ter kinderly fo’ce him ter drag in
a few more fellers besides himself—but
hit won’t profit ’em none.”

  That Winter spent its dreary monotony,
and through its months Boone Wellver
was growing in mind and character as
well as in bone and muscle. McCalloway
began to see the blossoming of his Quix-
otically fantastic idea into some hope and
semblance of reality. The boy’s brain was
acquisitive and flaming with ambition, and
Victor McCalloway was no routine school-
master, but an experimenter in the labora-
tory of human elements. He was work-
ing with a character which he sought to
bring by forced marches from the America
of a quaint, broad-hearted past to the
America of the present—and future. Under
his hand the pupil was responding.

  The slate-gray ramparts of the hills
reeked with the wet of thawing snows.
Water-courses swelled into the freshet-
volume of the spring-tide. Into the
breezes crept a touch of softer promise and
in sheltered spots buds began to redden
and swell. Then came the pale tenderness
of greens and the first shy music of bird-
notes. The sodden threadbare neutrality
of Winter was flung aside for the white
blossoming of dogwood, and in their wake
came the pink foam of laurel blossom.

  On one of those tuneful days, while
Boone sat on the door-step of Victor Mc-
Calloway’s house listening to a story of a
campaign far up the Nile, Asa Gregory
came along the road with his long, elastic
stride and halted there. He smiled in-

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

in
ROMANCE

fectiously as he took the proffered chair
and crumbled leaf tobacco between his
fingers for the filling of his cob pipe.

  For a while the talk ran in simple
neighborhood channels. They spoke of
“drappin’ an’ kiverin’ ” in the corn-fields,
and the uncomplicated activities of farm
life. But after a time, Asa reached into
his hip-pocket and drew out a rumpled
newspaper, which he tendered to Victor
McCalloway.

  “Mr. McCalloway,” he said quietly,
“ye’re a friend of mine, an’ right now I
have sore need of counsel with a man of
wisdom. I’d be beholden ter ye, es so be
ye’d read thet thar printed piece out loud.”
The retired soldier took the sheet, sev-
eral days old, and with the first glance at
its headlines his features stiffened and his
eyes blazed into indignation.

  “This is a slander!” he exploded. “It’s
an infamous libel. Do you actually want
me to read it aloud?”

  Asa nodded and, in a voice of protest,
McCalloway. gave audible repetition to a
matter to which he refused the sanction
of belief.

NEW MURDERS FOR OLD

  That was the first headline, and the
subheads and the item itself followed in
due order.

COMMONWEALTH UNCOVERS

STARTLING EVIDENCE

ASA GREGORY INDICTED FOR FIRING FATAL
SHOT AT GOEBEL—ALLEGED HE RE-
CEIVED A PARDON FOR PRIOR
OFFENSE AS PRICE OF
FRESH INFAMY.

  Perhaps the most astounding chapter in a long
serial of the bizarre and melodramatic, came to
light today when the Franklin grand jury re-
turned a true bill against Asa Gregory, a notori-
ous mountain feudist, charging him with the
assassination of Governor Goebel. In the gen-
eral excitement of those days the presence of
Gregory in the State capital escaped notice. Now
it develops, from sources which the Common-
wealth declines at this time to divulge, that on
the day of the tragedy Gregory, who already
stands charged with the murder from ambush of
several enemies, came cold-bloodedly to town to
seek a pardon for one of these offenses, and that
in payment for that favor he agreed to accept
unholy appointment as executioner of Governor

Goebel. Gregory is now in hiding in the thicketed
country of his native hills, and it is foreseen that
before he is taken he mjy invoke the aid of his
clansmen and precipitate further bloodshed.

  McCalloway laid down the paper and
stared at the blossom-burgeoning slopes.
It was strange, lie reflected, that one could
so swiftly yield to the instincts of these
wild places. For just now it was in his
heart to advise resistance. He thought
that trial down there before partizan
juries and biased judges would be a farce
which vitiated the whole spirit of justice.

  It might almost have been his own
sentiments that he heard shrilled out from
the excited lips of the boy—a boy whose
cheeks had gone pale and whose eyes had
turned from sky-blue to flame-blue.

  “They’re jest a seekin’ ter git ye thar an’
hang ye out of hand, Asa. Tell ’em all
ter go everlastin’Iy ter hell! Ye kin hide
out hyar in ther mountains an’ five hun-
dred soldiers couldn’t never run ye down.
Ye kin cross over inter Virginny an’ go
wharsoever ye likes-^but ef ye suffers
yourself ter be took, they’ll hang ye outen
pure disgust fer ther hills!”

  Yes, thought Victor McCalloway, that
was just about what would happen. The
boy whom he had been educating to a new
viewpoint had, at a stride, gone back to
all the primitive sources of his nature, yet
he spoke the truth. Then the voice of
Asa Gregory sounded again with a meas-
ured evenness.

  “What docs ye think, Mr. McCallo-
way? I was thar on thet day. I kin hide
out hyar an’ resist arrest, like ther boy
says, an’ I misdoubts ef I could git any
lavish of justice down thar.”

  “I doubt it gravely, sir,” snorted Mc-
Calloway. “By Gad, I doubt it most
gravely.”

  “An’ yit,” went on the other voice
slowly, somewhat heavily, “ef I did foller
thet course hit mout mean a heap of blood-
shed, I reckon. Hit’d be mightily like
admittin’ them charges they’re a’makin’,
too.” He paused a moment, then rose
abruptly from his chair. “I come ter ask
counsel,” he said, “but afore I come my
mind was already done made up. I’m
a-goin’ over ter Marlin Town termorrer
mornin’, an’ I’m a-goin’ ter surrender ter
Bev Jett, ther high sheriff.”

  “Don’t ye never do hit, Asa,” shouted
the boy. “Don’t ye never do hit!” But

122

THE TEMPERING
McCalloway had risen and in his eyes
gleamed an enthusiastic light.

   “It’s a thing I couldn’t have advised,
Mr. Gregory,” he said in a shaken voice.
“It's a thing that may lead—God knows
where—and yet it’s the only decent thing
to do.”

AT the edge of Marlin Town stood the
bungalow of the company’s superin-
tendent, and in its living-room, on either
side of a document-littered table, sat two
men. One of them, silvered of temple
and somewhat portly of stature, leaned
back with the tranquility of complete re-
laxation after his day’s work. His face
•wore the urbanity of well-being and pros-
perity, but the man across from him
leaned forward with an attitude of ner-
vous tension.

  To Larry Masters there was something
nettling in the very repose with which his
visitor from Louisville crossed his stout
and well-tailored legs. This feeling mani-
fested itself in the jerky quickness of hand
with which the mine superintendent poured
whisky into his glass' and hissed soda
after it from the syphon.

  “Won’t you fill up, Tom,” he invited
shortly. “The entertainment I can offer
you is limited enough—but at least we
have the peg at our disposal.”

  “Thank you—no more.” Colonel Wal-
lifarro spoke with a pleasingly modulated
voice, trained into effectiveness by years
of jury elocution. “I’ve had my evening’s
allowance, except for a nightcap.”

   Masters rose abruptly from his chair.
He tossed down half the contents of his
glass and paced the floor with a restless
stride, gnawing at his close-cropped and
sandy mustache. His tall, well-knit figure
moved with a certain athletic vitality and
his florid face was tanned like a pigskin
saddle-skirt. But his brow was corru-
gated in a frown of discontent and his
pale-blue eyes were almost truculent.

  “By Gad, Tom,” he flared out with
choleric impetuosity, “you can put more
righteous rebuke into a polite refusal of
liquor than most men could crowd into a
whole damn temperance lecture. I dare
say, however, you’re quite right. Life spells
something for you. It’s worth conserving.
You’ve got assured position, an adoring
family, money, success, hosts of friends.
You’d be a blithering fool, I grant you,

to waste yourself in indulgence, but I'm
not so ideally situated. I ‘take the cash
and let the credit go.’ ”

  “Yet you have ahead of you some ten
or twelve years more of life than I can
reasonably expect,” was the quiet re-
sponse. “You still have youth—or youth’s
fulfilment—early middle-age.”

  “And a jolly lot that means to me,”
retorted Masters with acerbity. “I live
here among illiterates, working for a cor-
poration on a salary pared to the bone.
At the time of life when one ought to be
at the top of one’s abilities, I’m the most
pathetic human thing under God’s arching
sky—a man who started out with big
promise—and fell by the wayside. Heaven
help the man who fires and falls back—
and if he can retrieve a bit of temporary
solace from that poor substitute—” he
jerked a forefinger toward the bottle—
“then I say for heaven’s sake let him poison
himself comfortably and welcome.”
Colonel Wallifarro studied the darkened
scowl of his companion for a moment be-
fore he replied and when he spoke his
own manner retained its imperturbability.

  “I didn’t offer gratuitous criticism,
Larry,” he suggested. “I merely declined
another today.”

  “You know my case, Tom,” the
younger of the two caught him up
quickly. “You know that no younger son
ever came out from England with fairer
expectations of succeeding on his own.
I’ve been neither the fool nor the shirk—
and yet—” A shrug of disgust finished
the sentence.

  Colonel Wallifarro studied his cigar
ash without rejoinder, and when Larry
Masters failed to draw' a return fire of
argument he sat for a minute or two glumly
silent. Then as his thoughts coursed back
into other years a slow light kindled in
his eyes as if for a dead dream.

  “You were always skeptical about
Middlesboro, even when others were full
of faith—but why?” he demanded. “To
you, with your bluegrass ideas of fat
acres, these hills must always be the rag-
ged fringes of things, a meager land with-
out a future. It was only that you lacked
imagination.”

  The speaker swept torrentially on with
as much of argumentative warmth as if
he had not just confessed himself ruined
by reason of his own former confidence.

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK
ROMANCE

  “Where the gap came through lay the
natural gateway of the hills, hewn out in
readiness by the hand of the Almighty.
There was water-power—ore. There was
coal, for smelter and market, timber await-
ing the ax and the saw-mill—the whole
tremendous treasure house of a natural
Eldorado.”

  “Perhaps,” observed the colonel, “and
yet, when all is said and done, .it was
only a boom—and it collapsed. What-
ever the causes, the results are definite.”
“Yes, it collapsed and we went with
it.” Masters paused to take up and empty
the glass which had started the discus-
sion, then with a heightened excitement
he swept on afresh.

  “Yet how near we came! Gad, man,
your own eyes saw our conception grow!
You saw lots along what had been creek-
bed trails sell at a footage-price that
rivaled New York’s best avenues. And
you yourself recognized in me, for all your
skepticism, a man with a golden future.
Then, after all that, you saw me jolly well
ruined—and yet you prate of what life
may hold for me in the vigor of my middle
age.”

  “All that happened ten years back, how-
ever,” the elder man equably reminded his
companion.

  “It was the old story of a boom’and a
collapse, and one misfortune—even one
disaster—need not break a man’s spirit.
You might have come back.”

  The eyes of the portly gentleman rested
in a momentary glance on the bottle and
glass, but that may have been chance. At
least he did not mention them.

  “You think I might have come back,
do you?” The voice of the Englishman
had hardened. “I don’t want to be nasty
or say disagreeable things. You’ve been
a staunch friend to me—even when Anne
found herself growing bitter against me.
Well, I don’t blame her. Her people had
been leaders always. She had the divine
right to an assured place in society and I
had failed. I suppose it was natural
enough for her to feel that she’d been
done in—but it happened to be the finish
of me. I’d sweated blood to make
Middlesboro—and I didn’t have the grit
left to commence over.”

  For the first time-Colonel Wallifarro’s

  “Anne didn’t leave you for financial
reasons, Larry,” he asserted steadily;
“she’s my niece and you are my friend,
but no purpose is to be served by my
listening to ex parte grievances from either
of you.”

  Masters shrugged his shoulders.

  “I dare say you’re quite right,” he ad-
mitted.

  “But be that as it may, she did leave
me—left me flat. If she didn’t divorce me,
it wasn’t out of consideration for my feel-
ings. It would almost have been better if
she had. All I ever succeeded in doing
for her was to make her the poor member
of a rich family—and that’s not enviable
by half. And yet if I’d been a sheer rotter,
I could scarcely have fared worse.”

  “If it wasn’t consideration for you, at
least it was for some one who should be
important to you. As it is, your little girl
isn’t growing up under the shadow of a
sensational divorce record.”

  The pale-blue eyes of the Englishman
softened abruptly, and the lips under the
short-clipped mustache changed from their
stiffness to the curvature of something
like a smile. Into his expression came a
lurking half-shy ghost of winsomeness.

  “Yes, yes,” he muttered, “the kiddie.
God bless her little heart!”

  After a moment, though, he drew back
his shoulders with a jerk and spoke again
in a harsher timbre.

  “Anne has been fair enough with me
about the child, thougfi I’m bound to say
I’ve been jolly well made to understand
that it was only a chivalrous and unde-
served sort of generosity. Well, the kid-'
die’s almost twelve now, and before long
she’ll be a belle, too—poor but related
to all the first families.”

  Mastera paused and when he went on
again it was still with the air of a repressed
chafing of spirit.

  “I dare say her mother will see to it that
she doesn’t repeat the mistake of the pre-
vious generation—marrying a man with
only a splendid expectancy. Her heart
will be schooled to demand the assured
thing. That pointing with pride, a ges-
ture which you Kentuckians so enjoy—
well, with my little girl, it will all be done
toward the spindle branch. There won’t
be much said about the wastrel father.”
“Perhaps.” suggested the other, “you
are a little less than just.”

attitude stiffened, bringing up his silver-
crowned head defensively.

THE TEMPERING
ROMANCE

  “I dare say. She’ll be a heart-breaker
before long now—and listen, man—”
Masters came a step nearer—“don’t make
any mistake about me, either. When she’s
here the bottle goes under lock and key.

I play the game, where she’s concerned.”

  Colonel Walliferro nodded slowly.

  “I know that, Larry,” he hastily an-
swered. “I know that. If the breach
hadn’t widened too far, I’d go as far as a
man could to bring your family together
again under one roof-tree.”

  “That’s no use, of course,” admitted
Masters with a dead intonation. “Only
remember that down here where I’m
chained to my little job, life ain’t so
damned gay and sunny at best and don’t
begrudge me my liquor.”

XII

DURING those following months when
Asa Gregory lay in jail, first in
Frankfort, then in Louisville as a prisoner
of State who had been denied bail, the
boy back in the laurel-mantled hills smol-
dered with passionate resentment for what
he believed to be a monstrous injustice.

  In his quest of education he sought
refuge from the bitter brooding that had
begun to mar his young features with its
stamp of sullenness. Asa had killed men
before, but it had been in that feud war-
fare which was sanctioned by his own con-
science. Now he stood charged with a
murder done for hire, the mercenary tak-
ing off of a man for whom he had no
enmity save that of the abstract and
political.

  Upon his kinsman’s innocence the boy
would have staked his life, and yet he
must look helplessly on and see him thrown
to the lions of public indignation.

  Of Saul he hardly thought at all. Saul
was small-fry. The Commonwealth would
treat him as such, but upon Asa it would
wreak a surcharged anger, because to send
Asa Gregory to the gallows would be to
establish a direct link between the gov-
ernor who had pardoned him and moun-
tain murder-lust.

  Already the secretary of State had been
disposed of with a promptitude which, his
fiiends asserted, savored rather of the wolf-
pack than the court-room. The verdict had
been guilty, and his case was now pending
on a motion for rehearing.

  Already, too, a stenographer who had
been in the employ of the fugitive gov-
ernor, had been given a life-sentence and
had preferred accepting it without appeal
to risking the graver alternative of the
gallows.

   As he lay in jail waiting until the slow
grind of the law-mill should bring him into
its hopper, Asa, too, recognized the extreme
tenuousness of his chances.

  But it was not until the wheat had been
harvested and threshed in the rich blue-
grass fields that the session of court was
called to order whose docket held for Asa
Gregory the question of life and death.

  That trial was to be at Georgetown, a
graciously lying town about whose borders
stretched estates where a few acres were
worth as much as a whole farm in the
ragged and meager hills. It was a town
of kindly people, but just now of very
indignant people, blinded by an unbal-
anced anger. It was not a hopeful place
for a mountaineer with a notched gun, who
stood taxed with the murder from ambush
of a governor.

  Over the door of the brick court-house
stood an image of the blindfolded goddess.
She was a weather-worn deity, corroded
out of all resemblance to the spirit of
eternal youthfulness which she should have
exemplified, and Boone pressed his lips
tight as he entered with McCalloway and
noted that the scales which she held aloft
were broken, but that the sword in the
other hand was intact—and unsheathed.

  At the stair-head, in precaution against
the electrically charged tension of the air,
deputies passed outspread hands over the
pockets and hips of each man who entered,
in search for concealed weapons. About
the semicircular table, fronting the bench
and the prisoner’s dock, sat the men of
the press, sharpening their pencils and—
waiting.

  Under the faded portrait of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, a battery of windows let in
the Summer sun, and the mellow voice of a
distant negro raised somewhere in a camp-
meeting song.	•

  Across a narrow alley-way were other
windows in another building, and beyond
them operators sat idling by newly in-
stalled telegraph keys. These men had
no interest in the routine of the “running
story.” That was a matter to be handled
by the regular telegraph offices. These

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK
   newly strung wires would be dedicated to
   a single “flash” when the climax came.

     Then the reporters would no longer be
   sitting at their crescent-shaped table. A
   few of them would stand framed in those
   court-room windows under the portrait of
   Chief Justice Marshall, and as the words
   fell from the lips that held doom, their
   hands would rise, with one, two, three, or
   four fingers extended, as the case might
   warrant.

     In response to that prearranged signal,
   the special operators would open their keys
   and, if one finger had been shown, over
   their lines would run the single but suffi-
   cient word “death.” Two fingers would
   mean “life-imprisonment,” three “acquit-
   tal,” four would indicate a “hung-jury.”
   That time was still presumably far off,
   but the arrangement, for it was complete.

     In a matter of seconds after that grim
   pantomime occurred, foremen of printing
   crews standing by triple-decked presses in
   Louisville, in Cincinnati—in many other
   towns, as well—would reach down and lift
   from the floor one of the several type metal
   forms prepared in advance to cover each
   possible exigency. With the first “flash,”
   the form for that particular exigency would
   be swung to the big rollers, locked into
   place and a switch would be flipped. Back
   to the hot slag of the melting-pois would
   go the other half-cylinders and within three
   minutes papers, damp with ink and news,
   would be pouring from the maws of the
   presses into the hands of waiting boys.

     To Boone, these preparations were not
   yet comprehensible, but as McCalloway
   led him to a seat far forward, he felt the
   tense atmosphere of the place and moment.

      He recognized in those lines of opposing
   counsel an array of notability. He picked
   out, with a glare of hatred, the bearded
   man wrhom (he prosecution had brought
   as co-counsel from another State because
   of his great repute as a breaker-down of
   witnesses under cross-examination. Then
   his eyes lighted as down the aisle came
   the full figure of Colonel Tom Wallifarro
   —to take its place among the attorneys for
   the defense. There was reassurance in his
   calmness and unexcited dignity.

      And after interminable preliminaries, he

✓	heard at last the voice of the clerk droning
   from his docket:

    “The Commonwealth of Kentucky,
  against Asa Gregory; wilful murder.” and

after yet other delays the velvety direction
from the bench: “Mr. Sheriff, bring the
prisoner into court.”

  Asa’s face as he was led through the
side door was less bronzed than formerly,
but his carriage was no less erect or con-
fident. In a new suit of dark color, with
fresh linen instead of his hickory shirt,
clcan shaven and immaculately combed,
the defendant was a transformed person;
and if there remained any semblance of
the highland desperado, it was to be found
only in the catlike softness of his tread
and the falcon alertness of his fine brown
eyes. Pencils at the press table began
their light scratching chorus—the reporters
were writing their description of the
accused.

  Asa Gregory's line of defense had been
foreshadowed in the examining court. He
had sworrt that he arrived on the day of
the shooting to petition a pardon, and he
had known nothing of what was in the air
until, from street talk, he learned of the
tragedy.

  The chief issue of fact pivoted on his
testimony that on that day he had not
been near the Statehouse or executive
building. The Commonwealth would con-
tradict that claim with the counter-asser-
tion that, straight as a hiving bee, Asa had
hastened .from the train to the governor’s
official headquarters, where he had been
cold-bloodedly rehearsed in his grim duties.
After firing the shot, the prosecution would
contend, he had taken command of the
other mountaineers who refused to the po-
lice the privilege of entry and search.

  Through days, weeks even, after that
Boone sat always in the same place with
steadfast confidence in the eyes which he
bent upon his kinsman.

  Into the press dispatches began to steal
mention of a boy in a cheap but new suit
of store clothes, whose eyes held those of
the prisoner with a rapt and unwavering
constancy. It was even said that the
amazingly steady courage of the defendant
seemed at times of unusual stress to lean
on that supporting confidence and that
whenever they brought him from jail to
court-room, he looked first of all for the
boy, as a pilot might look for a reef-light.

  Shortly before the Commonwealth was
ready to close, rumors went abroad. It
was hinted that new and sensational wit-
nesses would take the stand with revela-

THE TEMPERING
ROMANCE

tions as spectacular as the climax of a
melodrama.

  Boone had followed the evidence with a
tense absorption. He had marked the
effect of each point, the success or failure
of every blow, and he realized what a pow-
erful web was being woven about the man
in whom he fully believed. There was no
escaping the cumulative and strengthening
effect of circumstance built upon circum-
stance.

  He recognized, too, how like a keystone
in an arch was the dependence of the State
upon proving one thing—that Asa had been
present, just after the shooting, and in
command of those who barred the doors
of the executive building against legitimate
search. He took comfort in the fact that
so far it had not been established by one
sure piece of evidence. Then came the
last of the Commonwealth’s announced
witnesses.

  Upon the faces of the attorneys for the
prisoner quivered a dubious expression of
apprehension as they waited the promised
assault of the masked batteries. The son
of the man who had walked at Senator
Goebel’s side when he fell, took the stand
and told with straightforward directness
the story of the five minutes after the shot
had sounded. He and a policeman had
sought entrance to the building which
presumably harbored the assassin—and
mountain men had halted him at the door,
under the leadership of one to whom the
rest deferred. He described that com-
mander with fulness of detail, and it was
as if he were painting in words a portrait
of the man in the prisoner’s dock.

  “I was there as a volunteer to see that
no one who might be guilty escaped from
the building,” testified the witness with
convincing candor. “I noticed one man in
particular, because he seemed to be the
unofficial leader of the rest. Some one
called him ‘Asa’.”

  The man’s voice was responsibly, almost
hesitantly grave, and on the faces in the
jury-box one could read the telling im-
pression of his words.

  Then the bearded attorney, whose fame
was secure as a heckler of witnesses, rose
dramatically from his chair.

  “Do you see that man in the court-room
now?”

  For a matter of seconds testifier and
prisoner gazed with level directness into

each other’s eyes, while over the crowded
court-room hung a tense pall of stillness.

  Then the witness spoke in a tone of be-
wilderment—his words coming slowly—as
if they surprized himself.

  “No. I don’t think I see him here.”

  The poised figure of the lawyer, drawn
statuesquely upright, winced as painfully
as if a trusted hand had smitten him, and
in his abrupt change of expression was
betrayal of dismay and chagrin.

  “You say—you can’t—identify him,” he
echoed incredulously.

  Stubbornly the man who was testifying
shook his head.

  “May I explain in my own way?” he
inquired, and as the lawyer barked rasp-
ingly back at him, the court intervened:
“This is your own witness. You must
understand the impropriety of attempting
to embarrass him.”

  “While I was looking at the defendant
there, just now,” went on the man in the
chair, “I was seeing only his side face and
I was positive that he was the person I
was describing. Feature for feature and
line for line the likeness seemed exact.
I was willing to swear to it, but when he
turned and faced me I saw something else
—and now I don’t think he is the man.”
The words can as a puzzled and dum-
founded confession, and the witness
paused, then went resolutely on again.

  “This man has a fine pair of clear and
well-matched eyes, when one sees them
both at once. That one at the door had
something—I can’t say just what it was
—that marred one eye. I shouldn’t call it
a cast exactly—but they didn’t match.”
Abruptly the State dismissed that wit-
ness, and about the defense tables went
quiet but triumphant smiles, which the
jury did not miss, as the pencils of the
press writers raced. But over Boone
Wellver’s face passed a shadow, and Asa,
catching his eye across the heads of the
crowd, read the motion of the boy’s moving
lips, as without sound they shaped the
words:

  “Keep cool now, Asa! Keep cool.”

XIII

BUT THE prosecution had other
trumps yet to play.

It called a name, which brought into
the court-room. with shambling and uncer-

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

127
ROMANCE

tain step, a man whose face was pasty
with prison pallor. His thin body was
garbed in the zebra-stripes of the peniten-
tiary’s livery, and the hand that he raised
to take oath trembled. His voice, too,
carried a quaver of weakness in its first
syllable.

  Here at length was the promised sensa-
tion. The stenographer who had accepted
his life-term had become star-witness for
the State. Now, enlisted from the ranks
of the accused, he had undertaken to tell
what purported to be the inside story of
the plot.

  To hear his words one had to bend
attentively; yet when he had talked for an
hour, the scratching of pencils at the press
table sounded, through his pauses, almost
clamorous, and there was no other sound.

   Boone,sat tight of muscle with his eyes
steadfastly fixed on Asa. He thought that
just now he was needed, but at the pit of
his stomach gnawed a sickness of dread
and it seemed to him that already he could
see the gallows rising from its ugly plat-
form.

  The bearded lawyer, who had once bat-
tered down this man’s own defense, now
stood before him shepherding his words on
toward their climax. Faint response fol-
lowed sharp interrogation with a deadly
effectiveness.

   “When did you first meet the defendant
—Asa Gregory?”

  “On the thirtieth of January—in the
forenoon.”

  “Where?”

   “At my office in the Statehouse.”

   “Did your office adjoin that of the sec-
retary of State?”

   “It did.”

   “What occurred at that time and place?”
“Mr. Gregory rapped. I let him in.
He handed me a letter from the governor
and we went into the secretary’s room.
Then he went *over to the window and
looked out—and drew the blind part of
the way down. For a while he just studied
the room—taking in its details.”

   The man in convict garb paused and fell
into a fit of broken coughing.'

  “Did vou have anv conversation with
him?”

   “I did, sir.”

  “What was it, in substance?”

  “I explained to him that the plan was
to kill Senator Goebel when he came to

the Senate that morning. I showed him
two rifles in the corner. They were of
different makes.”

  “What did he do then?”

  “He had me explain the way to get to
the basement. He kneeled down by the
window and sighted one of the guns. He
piled up several law-books to rest it on—

and then he said that he was ready-”

  McCalloway’s teeth were tight-clamped
as he listened.

  “Yes, go on.”

  “He said he had come to get a pardon
for ‘blowing down old man Carr’—and was
ready to give back favor for favor. Pres-
ently I saw Senator Goebel turning in at
the gate, and I said, ‘That’s him,’ and he
said, ‘I see him,’ and I turned and slipped
out of the room. As I was on the stairs,
I heard a rifle shot—and then several pistol
shots.”

  Boone Wellver groaned and the current
of his arteries seemed to run in icy trickles
through his body, but he kept his eyes
steadfastly fixed on Asa, whose life, he felt
sure, this man was swearing away in per-
jury. Asa gazed back. He even inclined
his head with just the ghost of a nod
and the boy knew that he meant that for
encouragement.

  Through hours of that day the ghastly
story unwound itself and its tremendous
impact, gaining rather than losing impres-
siveness from the faltering style of its tell-
ing, left the defense staggered and numbed.
McCalloway, glancing down at the boy’s
drawn face, felt his own heart sicken.

  But when at last the man with the gray
face and the gray-stripped livery had gone,
the Commonwealth’s attorney rose and
said in the full-throated voice of master of
the show—

  “Now, we will call Saul Fulton.”

  Saul had been indicted but never tried.
Saul," too, had taken the enemy’s pay.
Neither McCalloway nor Boone doubted
that all this drama of alleged revelation
was fathered in falsity out of the reward
fund and its workings, yet one realized
out of mature experience and the other
out of instinct that to the jury it must
all seem irrefutable demonstration.

In marked contrast with the sorry drab-
ness of that last witness was the swagger
of the next, who came twirling his mus-
tache with the gusto of pure bravado.
Saul went back of the other’s story a"d

n8

THE T E M PERING
 ramified its details. He told of the moun-
 tain army which he had helped to recruit
 and swore that that force had come with
 a full understanding of its mission.

    “We went to ther Legislature every day
 expectin’ trouble,” he declared with a full-
 voiced boastfulness. “And we were ready
 to weed out the Democratic leaders when
 it started.”

    ‘•To what purpose was all fhat planned?”
 purred the examining lawyer, and the re-
 sponse capped it with prompt assurance.

   “The object was to have a Republican
 majority before we got through shooting.”
 “And you were willing to do your part?”
 Virtuously boomed the reply—

 *	“If it was in fair battle, I was willin’,
 yes, sir.”

    Saul particularized. He recounted that
 he himself had nominated Asa as a de-
 pendable gun-fighter and that on the day
 of the tragedy he had met Asa on the
 streets of Frankfort. Asa, he asserted, had
 brazenly displayed a pocket-full of cart-
 ridges.

    “He said to me,” proceeded the witness,
 “ ‘them ca’tridges comes out of a lot thet’s
 done made hist’ry. Whenever I looks over
 ther sights of a rifle-gun, I gits me either
 money or meat, an’ this time I’ve done
 got me both.’ ”

    Boone Wellver had been leaning tensely
 forward in his seat as he listened. Here
 at last, to his own -knowledge, the words
 that were cementing his kinsman’s doom
 were utterly and viciously false. He had
 been a witness to that meeting and it had
 been Saul and not Asa who had seen danger
 in the possession of cartridges. It had
 been Satil, too, who had excitedly in-
 structed him to destroy the evidence.

    But Saul continued glibly.

   “Asa had done named ter me back thar
 in ther mountains thet he reckoned him
 an’ ther governor could swap favors. So
 when we met up that day in Frankfort,
 he said, ‘Me an’ ther big man, we got
 tergether an’ done a leetle business.’ ”

    The court-room was tensely, electrically
 silent when a boy rose out of his chair,
 and with the suddenness of a bursting shell
 shrilled out in defiance:

    “Thet’s a damn lie, Saul, an’ ye knows

 hit! I was right thar an’-”

    The instant clatter of the judge’s gavel
 and the staccato outbreak of the judge’s
 voice interrupted the interruption.

   “Silence! Mr. Sheriff, bring that dis-
turber before the Court.”

   Still trembling with white-hot indigna-
tion, Boone was led forward with the
sheriff’s hand on his shoulder until he
stood under the stern questioning of eyes
looking down from the bench.

   But instantly too, Colonel Wallifarro’s
smoothly-controlled voice was addressing
the Court.

  “May it please, your honor, before
you punish this boy I should like
to offer a word or two of explanation.”

   So Boone did not go to jail, but, after a
sharp reprimand, he was sworn as a wit-
ness for the defense and excluded from the
court-room.

  When he took the witness stand later
it was with a recovered composure—and
his straightforward story went far toward
shaking the impression Saul had left be-
hind him—yet not far enough.

   He realized, with black chagrin, that as
long as he had sat there steadfastly calm,
he had been to Asa a tower of strength—
but that when he had broken out he hcd
forfeited that privilege—and left his kins-
man unsuccored.

  At last the Commonwealth closed and
Asa himself came to the stand. Had he
been possessed of a lawyer’s experience he
could hardly have evaded more skilfully
the snares set in his path as with imper-
turbable gallantry he met his skilled
hecklers. The even calmness of his velvety
eyes became a matter of newspaper report,
and when he had finished his direct testi-
mony and had been turned over to the
enemy, the fashion in which he cared for
himself also found its way into the news
columns.

   Asa kept before him the realization that
he had been advertised as a “bad man”
and an assassin. Just now he was intent
upon impressing the jury with his urbane
proof against exasperation even when the
invective of insinuation mounted to
ferocity.

   “You have known the witness, Saul Ful-
ton, for years, have you not?” demanded
the cross-examiner.

  “I’ve known him all my life.”

  “Can you state any motive he should
have for offering malicious and false evi-
dence against you?”

  “Any reason for his lyin’?” The pris-
oner gazed at the barking attorney with a

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK
[(tfBBBitei l I I ROM

calm seriousness and replied suavely.
“No, sir, only that he’s swearin’ to save
his own neck from the rope, an’ thet’s a
right pithy reason, I reckon.”

  Yet all the while that he was milking his
steep, up-hill fight Asa was feeling a secret
disquiet growing to an obsession within
him. He could not forget that some one
upon whose reassurance he had leaned had
been banished from that place where his
enemies were bent upon his undoing. He
felt as if the red lantern had been quenched
on a dangerous crossing and the psychol-
ogy of the thing gnawed at his overtried
nerves.

  Boone's freckled face and wide, blue
eyes had seemed to stand for serenity
where all else was hectic and fevered.

  To Asa that intangible yet tranquilizing
support had meant what the spider meant
to Bruce, and now it had been taken from
him.

  The bearded attorney who had de-
stroyed defendant after defendant was bat-
tering at him with the massed artillery
of vindictive and unremitting aggressive-
ness.	.

  For a long while Asa fenced warily,
coolly, remembering that to slip the curb
upon his temper meant ruin, but as assault
followed assault, through hours, his senses
began to reel, his surety began to weaken,
and his eyes began to see red.

  The attorney, who was scourging him
with the whips of law, saw the first break
in his armor and bored into it with ever-
increased vindictiveness.

  Into Asa’s mind flashed a picture of the
cabin back home, of the wife suffering an
agony of anxiety, of the baby whom he
might never again see. He seemed groping
with his gaze for the steadying eyes of the
boy, who was no longer there—whom he
desperately needed.

  “Asa’s gittin’ right mad,” whispered one
mountaineer to another. “I’d hate ter en-
counter him right now in a highway an’
be an enemy of his’n.”

  But the bearded attorney, who was not
in the highway, only badgered and heckled
him with a more calculating precision and,
as he slowly shook the witness out of self-
restraint into madness, he was himself de-
liberately circling from his place at the
Commonwealth’s table to a position
directly back of the jury-box.

  Now, having achieved that vantage

ANCE

  point, he watched the prisoner’s face grow I
  somber and furious as the prisoner’s head
  lowered like that of a charging bull.

   One more question he put—a question
 of deliberate insult which brought an ad-
 monitory rap of the judge’s gavel; then
 he thrust out an accusing finger which ,|
 pointed straight into the defendant’s face. 1
 “Look at him now, gentlemen of the
 jury!” he dramatically thundered. “Look
 at those mismated eyes and determine
 whether or not this is the man who blocked
 the Statehouse doorway—the assassin who
 laid low a governor!”

    Gazing from their seats in the jury-box
  the men of the venire saw before them
  and facing them a prisoner whose two fine,
  calm eyes had been transfigured and mis-
  mated by passion—whose pupils were
  marked by some puzzling phenomenon of
  rabid anger that seemed to leave them no
  longer twins.

    It was much Jater that the panel came
 in from the room where it had wrangled
 all night, but that had been the decisive
 moment. Three or four reporters detached
 themselves from their places at the press
 table and stood close to the windows.

   Then the foreman spoke, for in Ken-
 tucky the jury not only decides guilt but
 fixes the penalty, and the reporters raised
 one finger each. It meant that the verdict
 was death.

XIV

 AS Victor McCalloway and Boone went
 to the railroad station on the after-
 noon of the day that brought the trial to
 its end they found the platform crowded
 with others who, like themselves, were
 turning away from a finished chapter.

    The boy stared ahead now with a glassy
 misery and the eyes and ears, usually so
 keenly awake to new sights and sounds,
 seemed too stunned for service. Had it
 been the boy himself instead of his kins-
 man who stood condemned to die, he could
 hardly have suffered more. Indeed, had it
 been his own tragedy, Boone would not
 have allowed himself this surrender of
 bearing under the common gaze but would
 have held his chin more defiantly high.

   Back in the hills Boone Wellver was
 for the first time listless over his studies,
 and even when he stood, sword in hand,
 before McCalloway, the spirit of swift en-

130

THE TEMPERING
thusiasm seemed departed from him. He
had moved away from the cabin where
the “granny folks” dwelt to help Araminta
Gregory run the farm which had been be-
reft of its man, and his eyes followed her
grief-stricken movements with a wordless
sympathy.

  McCalloway realized that now, even more
than formerly, the flame of the convicted
man’s influence was operating on the raw
material of this impressionable mind, weld-
ing to vindictiveness the feudal elements
of its metal. But McCalloway had learned
patience in a hard school and now he was
applying the results of his experience.

  Slowly under his guidance the stamp of
hatred which had latterly marred the face
of his youthful protege began to lighten.
Boone was as yet too young to go under
the yoke of unbroken pessimism. The
very buoyancy of his years and splendid
health argued that somehow the clouds
must break. Meanwhile his task was clean-
cut—and dual. Asa’s “woman”' must
have from the stony farm every stalk and
ear of corn that could be wrung from its
stinted productivity. And he must put be-
hind him that ignorance which had so long
victimized his kind.

  So once more he turned to his books
when he was not busy with hoe or plow.

  One day while the boy and the man
sat together in McCalloway’s house,
knuckles rapped sharply on the door. It
is contrary to the custom of frontier cau-
tion for one to come as far as the threshold
without first raising his voice in announce-
ment from a greater distance.

  But the door opened upon a grizzled man,
at the sight of whose face McCalloway
bent forward as if confronted by a specter
—and, indeed, the newcomer belonged to a
world which he had renounced as finally
as if it had been of another incarnation.

  This visitor was tall, lean and weather-
beaten. His face was long and somewhat
dour but tanned brown, and instead of
speaking he brought his hand to his tem-
ple with a smart salute. It was such a
salute as bespoke a long life of soldiering
and the second-nature of military habit.
The voice in which McCalloway greeted
him was almost unrecognizable as his
own, because if was both far-away and
strained.

  “Sergeant,” he exclaimed, “what has
brought you here?”

BY CHARLES

ANCE

  “The lad, sorr,” the other gravely re-
minded him, “I must speak with ye alone.
T’is a verra private and a verra serious
matter that brings me.”

  Boone had never heard -so hard a note
in his benefactor’s voice as that which
crept into his curt reply.

  “It must needs be—to warrant your
coming without permission, MacTavish.”
They were just finishing their daylight
supper and the boy rose, pushing back his
chair. Faithfully he regarded his pledge
of respecting the other’s privacy whenever
he was not invited to share it and instinc-
tively he felt that this was no moment
for his intrusion.

  “I reckon I’ll hev ter be farin’ over thar
ter see how Asa’s woman’s cornin’ on,” he
remarked casually as he reached for his
hat that lay at his feet. “Like es not she
needs a gittin’ of firewood erginst night-
fall.”

  But the matter-of-fact tone and manner
were on the surface. Boone secretly dis-
trusted the few messages that came to his
preceptor from the outside world. By
such voices he might be called back again
and hearken to the summons and Boone
could not contemplate existence with both
his idols ravished from his temple.

  Now he closed the door behind him
in so preoccupied a mood that he left his
rifle standing against the wall forgotten,
and McCalloway remained standing by the
table rather inflexible of posture and sternly
inquisitori&l of countenance.

  “MacTavish,” he said in sharply clipped
syllables. “You are one of few—a
very few—Who know of my incognito and
address. I have relied upon you implicitly
to guard those secrets. I trust you can
explain following me into what you must
know was a retirement not to be trespassed
upon without incurring my anger—my
very serious anger.”

  Respectfully, but with a face full of
eager resoluteness, the other saluted again.

  “General,” he said, “it’s China—they
need you there.”

  “Sergeant—” an angry light leaped in
the steel-gray eyes— “if they want me in
China, some one whom I have trusted has
betrayed my identity. No living soul
there ever heard of Victor McCalloway—
Mister McCalloway, not genera) anything,
mind youIV

  The newcomer crossed to the center of

EVILLE BUCK	131
ROMANCE

the room and his movements were quick
and precise, as are those of the drill-
ground.

  “To every other man on earth ye may
be Mister McCalloway—but to me, ye are
my general. Before I’d betray any trust
ye might place in me, sorr, I’d cut off that
hand at the wrist as ye ken, sorr, full well.
I’ve told nae soul where ye wor’r. I’ve
only said that I’d seek for ye.”

  “But in God’s name how-?”

  “If I may interrupt ye, sorr, I am no
longer Sergeant-major MacTavish. I’m a
time-retired man at home, but when I wear
a uniform now, its that of the army of the
Manchu Emperor. They seek to reorgan-
ize their army along Western lines. They
want genius. They ken nothin’ of ye save
that one Victor McCalloway was once a
British officer of high rank who served so
close to Dinwiddie that Dinwiddie’s
strategy is known to him. Read this, sor’r,
and ye’ll understand more of the matter.”

   The general took the large, official-look-
ing missive and stood for a moment with
a drawn and concentrated brow before he
slit its linen-lined covering.

  The feel of the thing in his fingers
brought to him a certain stirring and quick-
ening of the pulses—such a restiveness as
may come to the retired thoroughbred at
the far-off sound of the paddock bugle, or
to the spent war-horse at the rolling of
drums.

  The heavy blue paper and the thick
seal set into disquieting momentum an
avalanche of memories. Active days which
he had resolved to forget were conjured
into rebirth as he handled this bulky en-
velope which proclaimed its officialdom.
Even the daily papers came to him here
with desultory lack of sequence.

  He knew in disjointed fashion how that
same Summer an anti-foreign revolt had
broken out in Shantung and spread to Pe-
chili. He had read that the Japanese Gov-
ernment had despatched twenty thousand
men to China. Later he had followed the
all too meager accounts of how the allies
had raced for Peking to relieve the besieged
legations.

  The young emperor’s ambition to im-
press upon his realm the stamp of Western
civilization had made him, for two years, a
virtual prisoner to the empress dow'ager
and her reactionaries. Now in turn die
empress dowager was in flight and presum-

ably the Japanese, working in concert with
agents of the captive emperor and Prince
Ching, were looking toward the future.

  It would seem that they divined once
more the opportunity to Occidentalize army
and Government. If so, it was the rising
of a world tide which might well run to
flood and it offered him a man’s work. At
all events this letter, which caused his
fingers to itch and tremble as they held
it, came from high Japanese sources and it
was addressed only, “Excellency,” without
a name. The envelope itself was directed
to “The Honorable Victor McCalloway.”
For a long time he stood- there immov-
able looking at the paper, as great dreams
marched before him. Organization, up-
building—that was his metier!

  Seeing the rapt concentration of his
brow and theJiunger of his eyes, the for-
mer British sergeant spoke again with per-
suasive fervor.

  “Go under any name ye like, sor’r,
ye’ll be prompt to give it glory! For
many years I served under yer, General.
For God’s sake, let me take my commands
from ye once again! Come out to China,
sor’r, where they need a true soldier—
and can keep silent!”

  The hermit strode over and laid a hand
on the shoulder of his visitor. Their eyes
met and held.

  “Old comrade,” said McCalloway, as the
rust of huskiness creaked in his voice. “I
know you for the truest steel that ever
God put into the blade of a man’s soul—
but I must have time to think.”

  He crossed the room slowly and took up
Dinwiddie’s sword. Tenderly he drew the
blade from the scabbard and as he looked
at it his eyes first glowed with fires of long-
ing then grew misty with the sadness of
remembrance.

   After that he laid the scabbard down and
handled once more the sheets that had been
in the envelope. He did not reread the
written sentences, but let his fingers move
slowly along the smooth surface of the
paper, while his pupils held as far-away
a look as if they were seeing the
land from which the communication had
come.

  But after a little McCalloway came out
of that half-hypnotized absorption and his
eyes wandered about the room until finally
they fell on the rifle that the mountain
boy had forgotten to take away with him.

132

THE TEMPERING
ROMANCE

   He knew Boone well enough to feel sure
that he had not gone far without remem-
bering. He was certain, too, that his young
protege would have returned for it before
now had he not been inhibited by his def-
erence for the elder’s privacy.

   Over there across the world wras an army
to be shaped, disciplined—but an army
of alien blood, of yellow skins. Here was
the less conspicuous task to which he had
set his hand—the shaping of a single life,
beset with hereditary dangers, into a wor-
■thy edifice of which the timbers and ma-
sonry were Anglo-Saxon and the pattern,
Americanism. He had too far committed
himself to that architecture to turn back.

  Slowly he shook his head. The strug-
gle had been sharp, but the decision was
final.

  “No, MacTavish, old comrade and old
friend,” he said very seriously. “No, I’ve
withdrawn from all that. I’ll not deny
that my hand sometimes aches for a grip
on a saber-hilt and my ears are hungry for
a bugle—but that’s all past. Go out and
'make an army there, if you can, but
I stay here. I needs must stay.”

XV

ONE DAY McCalloway received a pa-
per several days old that contained
a piece of news which he was anxious for
Boone to see at once, and he straightway
set out to find the boy.

   Araminta greeted him at the door of the
Gregory cabin with apathetic eyes.

*	“Booney’s done gone out with his rifie-
gun atter squirrels,” she said. “I heered
him shoot up on ther mountain side thar
not five minutes back.”

   Before he followed the boy, McCalloway
read to her and construed the item in the
paper and for the first time in many weeks
the hard wretchedness of her heart softened
to tears and a faint ray of hope stole
through her misery.

  McCalloway began climbing the hill-
side, searching the thickets for the boy, and
at last he saw him while he himself re-
mained unseen. Boone was standing with
his gaze turned toward Louisville—and its
jail—two hundred and more miles distant.
His face was like that of a fanatic in
a religious trance and his right hand
gripped his rifle so tightly that the

knuckles showed out white-splotched
against the tanned flesh.

  “I failed ye, Asa,” came the self-accus-
ing voice in a tight-throated strain. “1
bust out and got sent outen ther co’te-room
when ye needed me in thar ter give ye
countenance, but God knows I hain’t fergot
ye.” He paused there and his chest heaved
convulsively. “An’ God, he knows, too, I
aims ter avenge ye,” he ended up with a
dedication of savage sincerity, while his
gaze still seemed to be piercing the hills
toward the city where his kinsmen lay con-
demned.

  McCalloway came forward then and
while he talked Boone listened with atten-
tive patience but an obdurate face.

  The man sought to exact a promise that
until he was twenty-one Boone should
“hold his hand” so far as Saul Fulton was
concerned. Given those plastic years he
could hope to wean the lad gradually away
from the tigerish and unforgiving ferocity
of his blood, but Boone could only shake
his head, unable either to argue or to yield.

  Then McCalloway sketched the seem-
ingly irrelevant narrative of what had oc-
curred in China—of the peril of the lega-
tions. He talked of an emperor, captive to
court intrigue, and slowly the lad’s eyes,
which had been until now too preoccupied
with his own wormwood to think of other
matters, began to liven into interest.

  “But thet’s all plum’ acrost ther world
from hyar, though,” he asserted in a pause,
as if he begrudged the arresting of his at-
tention. “What’s hit got ter do with me-
an’ Asa?”

  General McCalloway cleared his throat.
It came hard for him to talk of himself
^pd of a sacrifice made for another.

  “It has this to do with you, my boy,”
he announced bluntly. “I have been of-
fered a soldier’s job over there. I have
been invited to aid in reorganizing an army
that would help to stabilize China—and I
have refused.”

  Boone Wellver’s lips parted in amaze-
ment.

  “Refused?” he gasped. “Fer God’s sake
what made ye do hit?”

  “Because of you,” was the sober re-
sponse. “I thought you needed me and
I thought you were worth standing by.”
“Fer me!” The lad Was trembling again,
but this time not with anger. “I reckon
I’ll be powerful beholden ter ye all my

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

'33
R O M ,

life fer thet—but ye hedn’t ought ter hev
done hit. They needs ye over thar, too,
an’ thar’s monstrous numbers of ’em from
what ye narrates.”

  “I know it, Boone,” McCalloway spoke
earnestly. “I’ve centered some very am-
bitious dreams about your future. The
time is hardly ripe to explain them, but
you have a great opportunity—unless you
throw it away in vengeful fury. If you
w'on’t trust me and suffer me to guide you
—until you come of age at least—I had
much better have gone to China.”

  The boy turned away and in his set
face McCalloway could read that for him
this was an actual moment of Gethsemane.
Through his nature, as over a hotly em-
battled field, surged contrary and warring
emotions, and between them he was cruelly
buffeted.

  “God knows I’m wishful,” he broke out
at length; "an’ God knows atter what ye’ve
jest told me, I hain’t got no license ter
deny ye nothin’ ye asks, but—” The end
of his sentence came like a sob. “But ye
wouldn’t ask me ter be disloyal ter my
own kith an’ kin, would ye?”

  “No—but I would ask you to have a
higher loyalty.”

  Boone stood trembling like an ague vic-
tim. It was no light matter for him to
give so binding a pledge.

  “No Gregory ner no Wellver hain’t
nuver died on ther gallows tree yit,” he
faltered. “Thar’s two things I’d done
swore ter do. One of ’em was ter git
Saul. I reckon, though, that could wait.”
“What is the other thing?”

  “Thet afore they hangs him—some
fashion or other—I’ve got ter git a gun
in thar ter Asa so he kin kill hisself. Hit
hain’t fitten thet he should die by a rope
like a common feller!”

  The emotion-laden voice became almost
shrill.

  “Even ther Carrs .an’ Blairs don’t hang.
They come nigh ter hangin' one once’t but
a kinsman saved him.”

  “How?” inquired McCalloway, and the
boy responded gravely,

  “He lay up on ther hill-side an’ shot his
uncle ter death as they was takin’ him
from the jail-house ter ther gallows.”
Truly, reflected the soldier, he was model-
ing with grim and stiff clay, but he only
said—

n,	THE TEN

N C E -.

  “Promise me that, as to Saul, you will
wait until you are twenty-one.”

  Boone did not reply for five full minutes,
but at the end of that time he nodded his •
head.

  “I kain’t deny ye nothin’ atter what
ye’ve done fer me,” he assented briefly.

  Then McCalloway read from the paper
his scrap of encouragement. The court
of appeals had granted the secretary of
State a rehearing.

  “But thet hain’t Asa,” objected the boy.
“I don’t keer nothin’ erbout thet feller.”

  McCalloway smiled.

  “It’s a similar case tried by the same
court and involving the same principles.

It indicates that Asa will have a new trial,
too.”

. “Ef he comes cl’ar,” announced Boone,
with the suddenly rocketing spirits of boy-
hood, “I reckon Asa kin handle his own
affairs.”

MCCALLOWAY had set himself to
preparing Boone within a year from
that Fall for entrance into the State Uni-
versity. There was but a faint background
of prior attainment against which to paint •
many things, but there was an avidly ac-
quisitive pupil, a tireless teacher and an
intensive plan of education.

  Gregory was still in the Louisville jail—
where indeed a half dozen other years were
yet to find him. The secretary of State
had come through his second trial with a
second conviction and had once more been
granted a rehearing.

  Saul Fulton, the star witness in Asa’s j
trial, had disappeared and report had it
that he had gone to South America—but
the record of his former testimony re-
mained fixed in the stenographer’s notes
and was fully available for later use—so
that his going lifted no shadow' from Asa’s '
future.

  “I reckon they squashed ther indictment
ergin him,” Boone commented bitterly to
McCalloway. “An’ paid him off with some
of thet thar blood money.”

  He paused and then went on, holding ■
his finger between the pages of the book
he was studying. “He’s done fared a long
way off—but, some day, he’ll fare back
again. I stands full pledged twell I comes
of age an’ I aims ter keep my word. Atter
thet I hain’t makin’ no brash promises. ,
Ther hate in my heart, hit don’t seem ter

PER INC
ROMANCE Esgfefe&g

slacken none. I mistrusts hit won’t—
never.”

  But if the festering grievance did not
•‘slacken,” at least it seemed just now
partly submerged in the great adventure
of going down to the world below and be-
coming a collegian.

  He went early in the Autumn when he
was seventeen, and McCalloway who ac-
companied and .matriculated him came
away smiling. He had felt as if he were
leading a wolf-cub down into a kennel of
blooded hounds. But when he had watched
the self poise with which his registrant
bore himself and how quickly amused
smiles faded away under his level gaze, he
left with a reassured confidence.

  When the days began to grow crisp the
uncouth scholar saw for the first time the
lads in leather and moleskin tackling and
punting out on the campus in the early try-
outs of the season’s football practice. He
looked on at first with a somewhat satirical
detachment, but when the scrimmages took
on the guise of actual ferocity his interest
altered from tepid disapproval for “sich
foolery” to a realization that it was “no
gal’s play-party.”

  Several afternoons later Boone shyly
intercepted the coach as he ltd out the
practice squads.

  “Does thet thar football business be-
long ter a club—or somethin’,” he inquired,
“or kin any feller git inter hit?”

  The coach looked at the roughly dressed
lad with the unruly hair, who talked in
barbaric phrases—and his practised eye
took in the sinewy strength of the well-
muscled body. He appraised the power of
the broad shoulders and the slim agile
lines of waist and legs, and gave him a
chance.

  From the beginning it was evident that
Boone Wellver would make the scrub team.
He was a tornado from the instant the ball
was snapped—“an injia rubber idjit on a
spree,” and yet this mystifying wolf-cub
from the hills came back to the coach in
less than a week with an almost sullen face
and announced shortly—

  “I hain’t goin’ ter play no more foot-
ball. I aims ter quit hit.”

  “Quit it. Why?”

  “I’ve ben sludyin’ hit over,” the retiring
candidate gloomily explained. “A man
thet hain’t no blood kin ter me is payin’
what hit costs ter send me hyar. I hain't

hardly nothin' but a charity feller, nohow,
an’ until he says hit’s all right, I don’t
aim ter spend ther time he’s payin’ fer
out hyar playin’ fool games.”

  At the solemnness and the unconscious
selt-righteousness of the tone, a laugh went -
up, and Boone turned with a straight-lined
mouth to meet the derisive outburst.

  “But I'm out here now, though—” he
added pointedly, lowering his head as does
a bull about to charge, “an’ I kin stay a
leetle longer. If any of you fellers, or
ther whole damn’ passel of ye, thinks I’m
quiltin’ because I’m timorous, I’d be right
glad ter take ye on hvar an’ now—fist and
skull.”

  There was no acceptance of the invita-
tion and Boone, turning, with his shoulders
straight, marched away. '

  But when McCalloway read his letter,
he promptly responded:

  A razor is made to shave with. Its purpose
is work and only work. Still if it isn’t honed
and stropped it loses its edge. It’s hardly fair to
regard as wasted, the time spent on keeping
that edge keen.

  I want you to get the most out of college,
and that doesn't mean only what you get out
of the books. If I were you, I'd play football
and play it hard.

  Boone went down the stairs four steps at
a time. He could hear the coach’s whistle
out on the campus and he came like a
hound to the chase.

  “Hi, thar!” he yelled. “Kin I git back
in thet outfit? He ’lows hit’s all right fer
me ter play!”

  Back in the hills Victor McCalloway
was more than a little lonely. He began to
realize how deeply this boy—at first almost
a waif—had stolen into the affections of
his detached life. Once or twice he went
to Lexington to see how his protege pro-
gressed and he had several brief visits from
General Prince and more than several from
Larry Masters. After what seemed a very
long while indeed, Boone came home for
his first Summer vacation.

  Araminta Gregory had a brother at her
farm now, so the boy went direct to the
house of Victor McCalloway, which was
henceforth to be his home.

XVI.

                            ■c

“TTAPPY” SPRADLING, whose

  Jt 1 father had overseen the raising of
Victor McCalloway’s house, was only two

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK
ROMANCE

years younger than Boone. When he had
gone away, a lad of seventeen, he had been
untroubled by thoughts of girls and she
had certainly wasted no meditation upon
him.

  But the Boone who came back was not
quite the same boy who had gone away.
He was still roughly dressed, judged by
exacting standards, but corduroy had sup-
planted his old jeans and he returned with
a much developed figure and an improved
bearing.

  Now one afternoon Happy Spradling
stood with a pail by a “spring-branch” of
crystal water as Boone came by and
halted. She, too, had been to one of those
settlement schools that were just beginning
to introduce new standards in the hills,
and her homecoming to unrelieved crudities
was not an unmixed pleasure. Certain it is
that the slim girl in her calico gown was
blessed with a fresh, and vigorous beauty.
Her sloe-brown eyes were heavy lashed and
her skin was blossom-clear. Dark hair
crowned her well-poised head in heavy
masses, and the boy was surprized be-
cause he had not remembered her as so
lovely.

  “Ye look right sensibly like a picture
outen ther Bible of Rebecca at the well,”
he banteringly announced, and the girl
flushed.

  “Ye ain’t quite so uncurried of guise as
ye used to be your own self, Boone,” she
generously acceded, and they both laughed.

  They talked on for awhile and before
Boone started away the girl invited shyly,
with lids that drooped—

  “Come over sometime, Boone, an’ tell me
all about the college.”

  But it happened that the next day he
went, with a note from McCalloway, to the
house of Larry Masters, the “mine boss,”
at the edge of Marlin Town, and there fate
ambushed him in the person of the girl
who had asked him to dance at the Christ-
mas party.

  Anne Masters came to the door in re-
sponse to the boy’s knock, and, when he
had seen her, he stood hesitant with his
eyes fixed upon her until her cheeks
flushed, while he forgot the note he had
brought for her father.

  Anne herself did not recognize him at
first, for Boone stood close to six feet now,
and although he would always be, in a
fashion, careless of dress, he would never

again be the sloven, as were the kinsmen
about him. His corduroy breeches, flannel
shirt and boots that laced half-way up the
calf, all seemed a part of himself, like a
a falcon’s plumage But what the girl
noticed first, since she was both young and
impressionable, was the crisp curl of his
red-brown hair and the direct fearlessness
of his sky-blue eyes.

  “I reckon ye don’t remember me?” he
hazarded by way of introduction, and she
shook her head.

  “Have I seen you before?” she inquired,
and Boone found it difficult to talk to her
because he was so busy looking at her.

  There had been girls as well as boys at
the State University, but among them had
been none like Anne Masters. Boone was
to learn from a broader experience that
there were few like her—anywhere. Even
now, when she was a bud not yet blos-
somed, she had that indescribable fairy
godmother’s gift to which no analyst can
fit a formula—the charm which lays its
spell upon others and the gift of individu-
ality!

  “You’ve seed me—seen me—I mean—
before. But it’s right natcher’l fer ye to
forgit it, because it was a long spell back.
You gave me the first Christmas gift I ever
got in my life—a piece of plum-cake. Do
you remember me now?”

  The light of recollection broke over her
face, illuminating it—and Anne Masters
had those eyes that actually sparkle within
—the dancing eyes that are much rarer
than the phrase.

  “Of course I remember you! I've
thought about you—lots. I’ve always
called you the fruit-cake boy.” Suddenly
her laugh rippled out in a lilting merri-
ment. “Don’t you remember when you
challenged Morgan with the fencing
foils?”

  “Oh,” exclaimed Boone, flushing. “I’d
plum’ disremembered that.”

  It was June with days of diamond wea-
ther and the bloom still upon wild rose and
rhododendron. Anne looked away beyond
the boy’s head to the tallest crest of the
many that ringed the town. Suddenly she
demanded—

  “Have you ever been up there—at the
tip-top of that mountain?”

  He nodded his head, and she at once
commanded:

  “I want you to show me the way up

T HE TEMPERING
ROMANCE	*1

there. I want to go up and climb to the
top of that tree that you can see from here
—the one that stands up higher than all
the others.”

  Boone shook his head soberly.

  “It's a right hazardous undertakin’ fer
anybody thet isn’t used to sealin’ clifts,”
he objected. “Why do you want to go up
there to the top of old Slag-face?”

  Her expression had clouded to auto-
cratic displeasure at his failure of immedi-
ate assent, but only for an instant; then
her eyes altered again from coercive brown
to irresistible smile.

  “Why?” she exclaimed. “Why does a
bird want to fly?- Up there at the top of
that tree you’d be almost in the sky.
You’d be looking down on everything but
the clouds themselves. When I was a
little girl,” she announced suddenly, “they
had a hard time persuading me that I
couldn’t fly. They had to keep watching
me because I’d climb up on things and try
to fly down.”

  “Have you plum’ outgrown that idee?”
he inquired somewhat dryly. “Because I’m
not cravin’ to help you fly offen that moun-
tain-top.”

   Her laugh rippled out like bird notes as
she replied with the large scorn of four-
teen years.

  “That was when I was a child.” After
a moment she added appealingly—“The
last time I saw you, General Prince said
that when I came to these hills you’d be
‘charitable’ to me.”

   “I aims to be,” he asserted stoutly, “but
it wouldn’t skeercely be charitable to be
the cause of your breakin’ an arm or—”
he paused an instant before adding with
sedateness—“or a limb.”

BUT ANNE had her way. She always
had her way and some days later they
looked down on an outspread world from
the crest of Slag-face.

  Boone had not been long in discovering
that this slender girl was driven by a
dauntless spirit that made of physical cour-
age a positive fetish, so he had pretended
weariness himself from time to time and
demanded a breathing spell.

  The sky overhead was splendidly soft
and blue, broken by tumbling cloud masses,
which, it seemed, one could almost reach
out and touch.

  From the foreground where they sat

flushed and resting, with moss and rock and
woodland about them, the prospect went
off into distances where mountain shadows
fell across valleys and other ridges were
ranked row on row. Still more remote
was the vagueness of the horizon, whose
misty violet merged with the robins-egg
blue of the sky.

   The girl stood leaning against the tree
and her violet eyes were full of imaginative
light.

   Through lids half-closed the boy looked
at her. She was an exponent of that world
of which he had dreamed. He thought of
the hall where he had first seen her, of the
silk and broadcloth, of the mahagony and
silver, of the whole setting which was
home to her and to him a place into which
he had come as a trespasser in homespun.

   Into the tempering of the crude ore came
\ new element. Asa Gregory had been the
fire and so far Victor McCalloway had
been the water. Now came the third fac-
tor of life’s process—the oil—for there and
then on the hill-top he had fallen in love,
and it was not until he was riding home
in the starlight that he stopped to con-
sider the chances of disaster.

   It had been a wonderful day, accepted
without questioning, but now he drew his
horse suddenly to a stop and took his hat
from his head. For a time he sat there in
his saddle as unmoving as if he and the
beast he rode were inanimate parts of an
equestrian group—the statue of a pioneer
lad rough-mounted.

   His face stiffened painfully and he licked
his lips. Finally he said to the dark woods
where the whippoorwills were calling and
the fireflies flickering:

   “Great God! I mout jest as well fall
itrlove with a star up thar in heaven.”
Something like agroan escaped him and
after a while he gathered up his reins.
Again he spoke but in a dull voice.

   “I’ll quit afore I get in too far. To-
morrow night I’ll go over thar and ‘set up’
with Happy Spradling.”

  He remembered how they had laughed
at him at college when, quite naturally,
he had used that term “setting up with a
gal” to express the idea of courtship. Now
he laughed himself, but bitterly. That was
what his own people called it, and after
all it was better to remember that he was
of his own people.

   The next night Boone kept his word.

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

137
                  R O M A N C E —

He brushed his clothes and did what he
could with the unruly crispness of his hair,
and then he set out for the log house of
Cyrus Spradling on the head waters of
Snag Ridge.

  He was not going on this, his first formal
visit to a girl, with such leaping pulses as
might have been expected. He was follow-
ing out an almost grim determination quite
devoid of eagerness. Having lost his heart
to royalty, he was now bent on forcing
himself into a society where he had a right
to be.

  He had not slept much that night after
the excursion to Slag-face, and what sleep
he had had, had been troubled by dreams
in which Anne had stood smiling down on
him from the mountain-top, while he
looked up from a deep gorge where the
shadows lay black. He was driven by a
mad sense of necessity to climb up and
stand beside her—but always he slid back,
or fell from narrow ledges until he was
bruised, bleeding and unsuccessful. He
woke up panting and afterward dreamed
the same thing over. And every time he
fell he found Happy waiting in the gorge
and saying:

  “Why don’t ye stay here with me? You
don’t have to climb after me—and I’m a
right pretty gal.”

  Always, too, he answered in the words
that Anne had used:

  “Why do I want to go up there? Up
there you’d be looking down on everything
but the clouds themselves,” and he would
begin climbing once more, clutching with
raw fingers upon frail and slippery sup-
ports.

  All day he had argued with himself, and
being young and unversed in such prob-
lems, he told himself that the only way to
halt this runaway thing within himself that
led to no hope, was to set his heart upon
something which lay in reach. His inex-
perience told him that Happy liked him,
that she was a nice girl trying to better
her condition in life as he was himself
trying, and he meant to commandeer his
own heart and lay it at her feet. It was,
of course, an absurd and impossible thing
to undertake, but this he must learn for
himself.

  As Boone reached the house, old man
Spradling sat on his porch in the twilight
with his cob pipe between his teeth. Cyrus
remained what his “foreparents” had been

before him, a rough-hewn man of undevi-
ating honesty and of an innate kindliness
that showed out only in deeds and not at
all in demonstrativeness.

  Just now Cyrus wore an expression'of
countenance that was somewhat glum as he
watched the lingering afterglow which
edged the western crests of the “Kaintuck
ridges” with pale amber.

  “Set ye a cheer, Booney,” he invited
with a brief nod. “I reckon ye didn’t
skeercely fare over hyar ter set an’ talk
with me, but ther gal hain’t quite through
holpin’ her mammy with the dish-washin’
yit, an’ I wants ter put some questions
ter ye afore she comes out.”

  The lad drew a hickory-withed chair
forward and sat down, laying his hat on
the floor at his feet.

  “Ye’ve done been off ter college, son,”
began old Cyrus reflectively as he bit on his
pipe-stem and judicially nodded his head.

  “I’ve always countenanced book Ipre
myself, even when folks hes faulted me fer
hit. I’ve contended thet ther times change
an’ what was good enough fer ther parents
hain’t, of needcessity, good enough fer
ther young ones. ’Peared like, ter me, a
body kinderly hes a better chanst ter be
godly ef he hain’t benighted.”

  “I reckon there ain’t no two ways about
that proposition,” agreed the boy eagerly.
“Hit just stands ter reason.”

  “An’ yit, hyar latterly,” suggested the
mountaineer dubiously, “I’ve done com-
menced ter misdoubt ef I’ve been right
atter all. Thet’s wbat I wanted ter ques-
tion ye about. My woman an’ me, we
sent Happy off ter thet new school in
Leslie, an’ since she’s come home I mis-
doubts ef her name fits her es well es hit
did afore she went over thar. She used
ter sing like a bird all day an’ now she
don’t.”

  “I don't see how knowin’ something can
make a body unhappy,” protested Boone.

  Cyrus Spradling studied him with a
keen but not unkindly fixedness of gaze.

  “Ye don’t, don’t ye? Wa’al let me nar-
rate ye a leetle parable. Suppose you an’
me hes done been pore folks, livin’ ki a
small dwellin’-house. We’ve done been
plum’ content, because we hain’t never
knowed nothing better. But suppose one
of us goes a visitin’ ter rich kinfolks—an’
tother one stays home.”

  He paused there to rekindle his pipe

138

THE TEMPERING
R O M A N C E

and the voice of his resumed “parable”
was troubled.

  “Ther one thet’s been away hes done
took up notions of wealth that he kain’t
nuver hope ter satisfy. The mean cabin
seems a heap meaner when he comes back
ter hit, but ther other pore damn' fool he’s
still happy an’ contented because he don’t
know no better.” ,

  “I reckon,” laughed the young visitor,
“if the feller that had gone away was any-
thing but the disablest body in the world,
he'd set about improving the house he had
to dwell in.”

  “I hope ter God ye’re right, Booney.
Hit’s been a mighty sober thing fer me
ter ponder over, though, whether I was
helpin’ my gal or hurtin’ her.”

  Boone was smitten with a sense of guilt.
He felt that he ought to make confession
that he had come here tonight because he
had already recognized a new flame in his
heart, and a flame which the voice of
sanity and wisdom told him he must
quench—that he was here because discon-
tent had driven him. But his voice was
firm. As he made some commonplace reply
Cyrus nodded his satisfaction.

  “Mebby if thar’s a few boys like ye
growin’ up hyarabouts, ther few gals thet
gits larnin’ won’t be foredoomed ter lead
lonesome lives, atter all.”

  The moonlight was beginning to convert
the dullness of twilight into a nocturne of
soft and tempered beauty.

  Boone felt suddenly appalled, as if the
father had given him parental recognition
and approval and laid upon him an obliga-
tion. He wanted to rise and frame some
excuse for immediate flight, but it was, of
course, too late for that.

  The evening star came up over the dark
contours of the ridge. It shone soft and
lustrous in the sky where other stars would
soon add their myriad points of light, but
however many others might fill the heavens
there would still be only one evening star.
And Boone, as he waited for one girl, fell
to thinking of the other with whom he had
climbed Slag-face, yesterday—the girl who
had set fire to his young imagination.

  Then Happy came out of the door and
soon after the father went in.

  “Thar hain’t no place fer an ign’rant old
feller like me, out hyar amongst ther young
an’ wise,” he chuckled as he left them.

“I reckons ye aims ter talk algebry an’
sich-like.”

  The mountains were great upward
sweeps of velvet darkness. Down in the
slopes, where the moonlight fell, was a bath
of silver and shadows not dead and inky,
but blue and living, but Happy Spradling,
keyed to the emotional influences of that
June evening found herself laboring with
a distrait and unresponsive visitor, who
made an early excuse for departure.

XVII.

BEYOND the goal of getting through
college in three years, Boone had
planned his future but vaguely. He might
seek election to the Legislature, when he
came of qualifying age, and strive upward
from that beginning toward Congress and
the larger rewards of a political life. For
such a career the law was a necessary
preparation, so while he was still in col-
lege he began its reading.

  Whenever he went home from the uni-
versity he saw Happy, and, in the tacit
fashion of simple souls, their neighborhood
fell to speaking of “Boone and Happy” as
if the linking of their names was natural
and logical, and in local gossip it was
almost as if they were betrothed.

  Happy had other suitors, more than a
few of them, indeed, drawn to the Spradling
house by her beauty. Aiong those neigh-
borhood creeks from the trickles where
they “headed up” to the mouths where they
emptied, there were few girls who could
hope to compete with her loveliness of sloe-
eyes, dusky hair and slender grace of body.
But the old wives shook their heads, say-
ing—

  “Happy Spradling wouldn’t hurt a fly—
but jest ther same she’s breakin’ hearts
right an’ left because she’s mortgaged ter
Boone Wellver—an’ she’s jest a’waitin’ fer
him.”

  Old Cyrus already looked on him as a
son, and Boone spoke as little of Anne
Masters as he would have spoken of the
things sealed in Masonic secrecy.

  Happy’s school was one which arranged
its terms and vacations in accordance with
local exigencies. Crop planting and gather-
ing had the right of way over text-books,
and so it happened that when Anne was at
Marlin Town, Happy was usually at school,
and their ways did not cross.

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK
ROMANCE

  Yet each Summer, too, as a man may go
from the provinces to court and yet not
delude himself with the hallucination that
he is a courtier, Boone went over to Marlin
Town. For every Sumpier Anne Masters
came for a few weeks to visit the father
who held his position there, remote from
the things that, to his thinking, made up
the values of life.

  During these periods Boone found life a
strange and paradoxical pattern, woven of
a web of ecstasy and a woof of torture.
Since that night when we had dragged
suddenly at his bridle-curb and had told
himself, “I might as well fall in love with a
star up there in heaven,” he had never
departed from his resolute conviction that
it would be sheer insanity for him to en-
tertain any thought of Anne, save that of
the willing and faithful slave who would
joyously have laid his life down for her.

  She dominated his world of boyhood
dreams and since he was not deaf to the
talk about himself and “Cyrus Spradling’s
gal,” he wondered if he ought not to tell
Happy the whole truth. But after long
reflection he shook his head.

  “It would only hurt Happy, like telling
her about dreams that come at night of
some sort of heaven where I don’f see her
herself.”

  And so he did not tell her.

ONE DAY in the Spring of the year
when Anne was sixteen, Mrs. Larry
Masters dropped into the office of her
kinsman, Tom Wallifarro, to talk over some
small matter of business. It was one of
the regrets of the lady’s life—a life some-
what touched and frostbitten by bitterness
—that all of her business was small. It was,
however, one of her compensations that
this gentleman gave to her petty affairs as
much care and consideration as to the
major features of his large practice.

  “My dear^’ observed the colonel irrele-
vantly as he looked at the weary eyes of
the woman who had in her day been an
almost famous beauty, “you seem wor-
ried. You are altogether too young to let
lines creep into your face.”

  Mrs. Masters laughed mirthlessly.

  “I have a daughter growing up. I am
ambitious for her. She has charm, grace,
breeding—and she’s the poor member of a
rich family. Such things bring wrinkles
around maternal eyes, cousin Tom.”

  “Happily she lives in Kentucky,” the
lawyer reminded his visitor. “We are yet
provincial enough to think something of
blood, even when it’s not gilded with
money.”

  “Yes, thank God, and thanks to you she
has had educational advantages. If Larry
had only had business sense—but I can’t
talk patiently about Larry.”

  “No—I wish 'you could bring yourself
to think of him more indulgently, but—”
Colonel Tom knew the fruitlessness of that
line of counsel, so he brushed lightly by
to other topics. “But that isn’t what I
wanted to talk about. I think Morgan
ought to travel abroad for several months,
don’t you?”

  Mrs. Masters sighed. There was a
thought in her mind which had long been
there. If Morgan and Anne could be
brought to a fancy for each other, her
problem in life would be settled. The girl
would no longer be a charity child. But
what she said was an amendment to the
original thought.

  “Isn’t he a bit inexperienced and head-
strong yet to be turned loose in Europe?”
The colonel’s eyes twinkled.

  “I mean to have a checkrein on him.”
“What fashion of checkrein, cousin
Tom?”

  “I thought,” said the lawyer offhandedly,
since he always surrounded his beneficences
with a show of the casual, “that it would be
a good thing for Anne, too. Now if you and
she and Morgan made a European trip
together, the responsibility of two ladies
on his hands would steady the youngster.”
Mrs. Masters almost gasped in her effort
to control her delighted astonishment. •
Morgan had always thought of Anne as a
“kid” to be teased and badgered and of
himself as a very finished and mature young
gentleman. Now they would see each
other in a new guise. Their eyes might be
opened. In short, the possibilities were
immense.

  “Your goodness to us—” she began feel-
ingly, but the colonel cleared his throat
and raised a hand in defense against the
embarrassment of verbal gratitude.

A MONTH later the three sat in the
salle a manger of the Elysee Palace
Hotel by a window that commanded a view
of the Arc de Triomphe, and many things
had happened. Among them was the sur-

THE TEMPERING
_>- ROMANCE _

prizing discovery by the young man that
while few eyes seemed concerned with him
many turned toward Anne, and having
turned, lingered.

  Only last night they had been to a dance
and Anne had been so occupied with uni-
forms that she had found no time to waltz
with him, though he was sure that he
danced circles about these stiff-kneed
gentry with petty titles.

  Now over the petit dejeuner he took his
young and inconsiderate cousin to task.

  “Last night, Anne, I camped on your
trail all evening, and you couldn’t manage
to slip me in one dance. Nothing would
do but goggling Britishers and smirking
frog-eaters. I’m getting jolly well fed up
with these foreigners.”

  Anne lifted her brows, but her eyes
sparkled mischief.

  “Oh, Morgan, I can dance with you any
time,” she assured him. “You’re just kin-
folks. Is it because you’re ‘jolly well fed
up’ with foreigners that you like to ape
English slang?"

  The young man blushed hotly, but he
chose to ignore the question with which
she had capped her response. Inasmuch as
it was a fair hit, he had need to ignore it,
but his eyes snapped with furious indig-
nation.

  “Anne, I don’t understand you,” he an-
nounced in a carefully schooled voice.
“You can play with absurd little dignitar-
ies, or with mountain illiterates—anything

abnormal—but for your own blood-”

  He paused there a moment, searching his
abundant and sophomoric vocabulary for
the exact combination of withering words,
and while he hesitated, she interrupted in a
tone which was both quiet and ominous.

   “Let’s take up one thing at a time, Mor-
gan. Just who is the illiterate in the
mountains?”

  “You know as well as I do—Boone
Wellver.”

  “Boone Wellver. I thought so. At all
events he’s a man, even if he’s not quite
twenty-one yet.”

  “A man, that is to say a specimen of
genus homo! So is the fellow that brought
in the eggs just now. So is the chap that
drives the taxi.”

  The young aristocrat shrugged his
shoulders and snapped his fingers in ex-
cellent imitation of Gallic expressiveness,
then as Anne’s twinkle reminded him of his

being “jolly well fed up with foreigners,”
the change of his tone became as abrupt
as the break in a boy’s altering voice, and
he added:

  “The point is that he’s hardly a gentle-
man. I commend his ambition; but there’s
something in birth as well. Unless you
attach some importance to the elegances
and nuances of life, you are only a member
of the mob.”

  “The elegances of life—as for instance,”
the dancing sparkle stole mischievously
back into the blue eyes and the voice took
on a purring softness. “As for instance the
handling of the small sword—or fencing
foil?”

■ Morgan rose petulantly from the table
and pushed back his chair.

  “If you ladies will excuse me,” he an-
nounced with super-dignity, “I will leave
you for a while to your own devices.”

  Anne’s laughter pursued him in exit with
an echo of musical mockery.

  But that evening Mrs. Larry Masters
posted a letter to Colonel Tom Wallifarro.

  “Morgan has discovered Anne!" she said in
part. “He has been too close to her until now
to realize her attractiveness, but she has been
noticed by other men and at last Morgan is
awake. They have quarreled and next to making
love that's the most significant of developments.
My dear kinsman and benefactor, you know what
our mutual hope has been and I think its fulfil-
ment is not so far away 1 Tonight when I sipped
my claret at dinner I drank a silent toast—‘To
my girl and your boy.’” _

  While Mrs. Masters was writing that
note her daughter was sitting at another,
desk in the same room and her letter was
addressed to a postoffice back of Cedar
Mountain.

  When Boone received that second mis-
sive, he turned the envelope over in his
hand and gazed at it for a long while.
Even then he did not open it until he sat
alone in a place where the forests were
silent save for the call of a blue-jay and the
diligent rapping of a “cock of the woods”
who was sapping and mining for grubs.

  The boy held between thumb and fore-
finger an envelope of a sort he had never
seen before, of thin outer paper over a
dark colored lining. In one corner was a
stamp of the French Republic, and there
in writing that had crossed the sea was his
name and address.

  “She found time to write to me," he said

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

141
rapturously to himself, and then dropping
intentionally and whimsically into his old
childhood speech he added, nodding his
head sagely to a pert squirrel that frisked
its tail near-by—

  “She's done wrote me a letter cl’ar from
tother world.”

  It was that same Summer, when Anne
had gone to Europe, that Boone came back
from college very serious and taciturn, and
McCalloway was prompt to guess the
reason.

  “You went down to Louisville, didn’t
you?” he inquired as the two sat by the
door-step on the day of the boy’s return,
and Boone nodded.

  The man did not nag him with questions.
His seasoned wisdom contented itself with
smoking on in silence and after a little the
lad jerked back his head.

  “I reckon you know what took me there,
sir?” *

  The final word came in afterthought.
No mountaineer says, “sir,” by habit.

  A part of that stubborn independence
which is at once the virtue and the fault
of the race balks at even such small meas-
ure of implied deference, but Boone had
noticed that “down below” where courtesy
flowers into graciousness, the form of ad-
dress was general.

  McCalloway responded slowly.

  “Yes, I can guess your errand there.
How is lie?”

  The boy’s eyes gazed off across the slopes
through contracted lids and his voice came
in deliberate but repressed tenseness.

  “I hunted up Colonel Wallifarro’s office
and he went over there with me. I reckon
except for that they wouldn’t have let me
see him.”

  He *paused, and the man thoughtfully
observed—

  “No, I fancy not.”

  “You go into that jail-house through a
stone door, and ther’s a rough-lookin’ feller
settin’-—I mean sitting—there in front of
another door made of iron gratin’s as thick
as crowbars. The place don’t smell good.”

  “Isn’t it well kept?” inquired McCallo-
way in some surprize, and the boy hastily
explained.

  “I don’t mean that it plumb stinks. I
reckon it’s as clean as a jail can be, but the
air is stale—even out on the street that
lowland air is flat. It don’t taste right in
a man’s throat. Asa was reared up here in

these free hills. He’s like a caged hawk
down there.”

  The soldier nodded sympathetically.
  “Did he seem well?”

  “He hasn’t sickened none, but his face
used to be right colorful. Now it’s pale—
and sort of gray-like. Of course a turnkey
went along with us and we didn’t talk
with him by himself. I reckon he didn’t
say none of the things he craved most to
say. He was right silent-like.”

  The boy broke off and for a while the
two sat in silence. When Boone took up
the thread of his narrative again, there was
something like a catch in his throat.

  “They were pretty polite to us there.
They showed us all over the place—they
even took us to the death row. There was
a nigger in there that was goin’ ter be hung
next morning at daybreak. I reckon he’s
dead now. A feller kept walkin’ back and
forth in front of that cell, and an electric
light was burnin’ there full bright. That
nigger, neither night ner day, could ever git
away from that light. They were afraid he
might seek ter kill hisself. He come ter
the bars an’ said ‘Howdy, white-folks,’ an’
then he went back an’ sat down on the
ledge that he sleeps on.”

  The recital, painfully punctuated with
its frequent pauses, halted there. It was a
matter of several minutes before it began
again. Now the voice was labored as if
the speaker were panting for breath and
the careful pronunciation relapsed wildly
into the older and ruder forms of solecism.

  “They tuck us out an' showed us the
cement yard, whar the gallows stood. It
was painted a sort of brownish red. It put
me in mind of dried blood/ The nigger
could hear the hammers whilest they set
the thing up. Asa could hear ’em, too.
Asa lied done seed ther scaffold hisself,
through the winder-bars when he exercised
in the corridor. But when I looked at the
nigger thet’s dead by now, seemed like it
was Asa I saw—with thet lamp glarin’ in
on him, daylight and night-time alike.”
The voice leaped into a sob-like vehemence.
“Thet’s what Judas money dogged him to!
Seemed like I couldn't endure it!”

XVII.

SO IF the time ever came when Boone
stood face to faec with Saul Fulon
it would, for all the amendment of his new

THE TEMPERING
ROMANCE

life, be a moment of desperate crisis. The
pig-iron of his half-savage beginning had
been made malleable and held promise of
tempered and flexible steel, but the metal
was still feudist ore.

  McCalloway comforted himself with the
reflection that Saul was not likely to re-
turn, but did not delude himself into for-
getting that strange perversity which seems
to draw the mountaineer inevitably back
to his crags and woods, even in the face of
innumerable perils. Some day Saul might
attempt to slip back, and Boone would
almost inevitably hear of his coming. Then
for a day or an hour the lad might relapse
into his old self, even to the forgetting of
his pledge. Such an unconsidered day or
an hour would be enough to wreck his
life.

  Carefully and adroitly, therefore, Mc-
Calloway played upon the softer strings
of life, and sometimes to that end he
opened a hitherto closed door upon the
events of his own life and let his protege
look in on glimpses that were sacredly
guarded from othier eyes.

  One Summer night, for example, Boone
laid down a book and said suddenly:

   “It tells here about a fellow winning the
Star of India and the Victoria Cross. I’d
love to see one of those medals.”

  Silently McCalloway rose and went over
to the folding desk, to come back with his
battered dispatch box. He unlocked it and
laid out before the boy not one decoration,
but several. The ■ribbons were somewhat
faded now, and the metal tarnished; but
Boone bent forward and his face glowed
with the exaltation of one admitted to
precincts that are sacrosanct. For a long
while he studied the Maltese cross with its
lion-surmounted crown and its supporting
bar chased with rose-leaves; the cross that
bears the queen’s name, for which men
brave death.

   Beside it lay the oval showing Victoria’s
profile and the gilt inscription on a blue-
enameled margin—“Heaven’s Light Our
Guide.” A star caught it to its white-
edged blue ribbon, and that was the cov-
eted Star of India.

  Here before his eyes—eyes that burned
eagerly—were the priceless trifles that he
had never hoped to see. The modest gen-
tleman who, for his sake, had relinquished
fresh honors in China, had won them, and
until now had never spoken of them, but

Boone knew that they are not lightly
gained—and that in no way can they be
bought.

  A sudden and unaccountable mistiness
blurred his sight.

  “I’m obliged to you, sir,” he said seri-
ously. “I know you don’t often show
them.”

  He had meant to say nothing more than
that, but youth’s questioning urge mas-
tered his resolution so that he put an in-
terogation very slowly, half-fearing it
might seem an impertinence.

  “You told me once, sir, that I might ask
whatever questions I liked—and that you
would refuse to answer when you felt like
it. I’m going to ask one now, but I reckon
I oughtn’t to.” Again there was a diffident
pause, but the sincere blue eyes were un-
waveringly steady as they met the gray
ones. “Do you reckon, sir, the day will
ever come when I can know the real name
of the man I owe pretty nigh everything
to?”

  McCalloway blinked his eyes, which this
cub of a boy had a way of tricking into
unsoldierly emotion, and resolutely he set
his features into immobility.

  “No, sir; I’m afraid not,” he answered
with a gruffness that in no way deceived
his questioner. “McCalloway is as good a
name as any, I’m afraid; at all events, it
will have to serve to the end.”

  Slowly and gravely the lad nodded his
head.

  “All right, sir,” he declared. “It was
just curiosity, anyhow. The name I know
you by is good enough for me.”

  But McCalloway was disquietingly
moved. He rose and replaced the dispatch-
box on its shelf and after that he paced
the room for a few moments with quick,
restive strides. Then his voice came with
an impulsive suddenness:

  “There’s a paper in that dispatch-box
that would answer your question, Boone,”
he said. “I tell you because I want you to
realize how entirely I trust you. It's the
secret chamber of my Bluebeard establish-
ment. While I live it must remain locked.”
After a moment he added:

  “If I should die and you still want to
know then you may open the box, but even
then what you learn is for yourself alone
and I want that you shall destroy all those
documents and whisper no word whatever
of their contents to any living soul.”

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

M3
              ROMANCE g—r:--

afeii»jSi

  “I promise, sir,” declared the boy. “On
my honor.”

WHEN August had brought the yellow
masses of the goldenrod and the
rusty purple of the ironweed; when the
thistles were no longer a sting to the touch
but down drifting along the lightest breeze,
two horses stopped at McCalloway’s fence
and a girl’s voice called out:

  “Can we come in?”

  Boone had not known that Anne Mas-
ters was back on this side of the Atlantic,
nor had he ventured to hope that she would
find time to come up here into the hills
before the Summer ended, but the voice
had brought him out to the stile, as swiftly
as a cry for help could have done. Now he
stood looking up at her as she sat in her
saddle with a blaze of worship in his blue
eyes that went far to undo all the self-
restraint with which he had so studiously
hedged about his speech and manner.
Surprize has undone many wary generals.
So his eyes made love to her, even while
his lips remained guarded of utterance.

  “I didn’t have any idea that you were
on this side of the world,” he declared.
“It’s just plumb taken my breath away
from me to see you sitting right there on
that horse.”

  Larry Masters had dismounted and was
hitching his mule. Now he turned to in-
quire—

  “Where’s Mr. McCalloway?”

  The boy had momentarily forgotten the
existence of his patron. He had forgotten
all things but one, and now he laughed
with guilty realization.

  “I reckon I’ll have to ask your pardon,
sir. I was so astonished that I forgot to
tell you he wasn’t here. He’s gone fishing
—and I’m afraid he won’t be back before
sundown.”

  “Well, we’ve ridden across the mountain
and we’re tired. If you don’t mind we’ll
wait for him.”

  Anne reached down into her saddle-
bags and produced a small, neatly wrapped
package.

  “I brought you a present,” she an-
hounced with a sudden diffidence and Boone
remembered how once before, as he stood
by a fence, she had spoken almost the
same words. Then, too, she had been look-
ing down on him from the superior posi-
tion of one mounted. He wondered if she

remembered and in excellent mimicry of
his old boyish awkwardness he said:

  “Thet war right charitable of ye. Hit's
ther fust present I ever got from acrost
ther ocean-sea.”

  Anne’s laugh rippled out, and she fol-
lowed suit, quoting herself from the mem-
ory of other years.

   “Oh no, it isn’t that at all. Please don’t
think it’s charity.”

  Then she slid down and watched him as
he unwrapped and investigated his gift—
a miniature bust of Bonaparte, the con-
querer, in Parian marble. The light Au-
gust breeze stirred the curls against her
cheeks with a delicate play, but they stirred
against the boy’s heart with the power of
lightning and •tornado.

  Anne was at her father’s house for sev-
eral weeks and scarcely a day of that
time did her vassal fail to ride across the
mountain, but those hours squandered to-
gether were fleet of wing. McCalloway
smiled observantly and held his counsel.

  The charm and gaiety of Anne’s bright
personality would do ijiore to dispel the
menace of gloom from the dark corners of
the boy's nature, where tendencies of mel-
ancholy lurked, than all his own efforts
and wisdom. Later there would come an
aftermath of bitter heartache, for between
them lay the fortified frontier which sep-
arates red blood and blue—the demarka-
tion of the contrary codes of Jubal and
Tubal Cain—but at that thought the sol-
dier shrugged his shoulders with a ripe phi-
losophy.

  Just now the girl’s influence was pre-
cisely what the lad needed. Later, when
perhaps he needed something else, he would
take his punishment with decent courage
and even the punishment would do him
good. A blade is not forged and tem-
pered without being pounded between an-
vil and sledge; and if Boone could not
stand it, then Boone could not realize the
dreams which McCalloway built for his
future.

  The wisdom of middle age can treat as
ephemeral disasters in which first love can
contemplate only incurable scars. Boone
himself regarded the golden present as an
era for which the whole future must pay
with unrelieved levies of black despair.

  It was chiefly as he rode home at night
that he faced this death’s-head future with
young lips stiffening and eyes narrowed.

144

THE TEMPERING
R O M A N C E

Jn the morning sunlight or through woous
that sobbed with rain, he went buoyant,
because then he was going toward her, and
whatever the indefinite future held in store,
he had that day assured with all its rich-
ness.

  Xone-the-less, Boone played the game as
he saw it, with the guiding instincts of
a gentleman. Because it was all a won-
derful dream and he was doomed to an
eventual awakening, he sealed his lips
against love-making.

  Anne was taking him for granted, he
reasoned. He had simply become a local
necessity to a bright nature overflowing
with vital and companionable impulses.

  As vassal he gladly and proudly offered
himself and as vassal she frankly and
without analysis accepted him. Should
he let slip the check upon his control and
go to mooning about love, instead of
meeting her laughter with his laughter and
her jest with his jest, she would send
him away into a deserved exile.

  On the day before Anne was to leave
they were on the great pinnacle rock above
Slag-face, and by now Boone had come
to regard that as the lofty shrine where
he had discovered love. Afterward it
would stand through the years as a spot
of hallowed memories.

  Anne had been talking with vivacious
enthusiasm of the things she had seen
abroad, and Boone had followed her with
rapt attentiveness. She had a natural gift
for vivid description, and he had seemed
to stand with her by moonlight in the ruins
of the Coliseum and to look out with
her from the top of Cheops’ pyramid over
the sands of Ghizeh and the ribbon of the
Nile.

  But at last they had fallen silent and
with something like a sigh, the girl said—
“Tomorrow I go back to Louisville.”

  He had forgotten that for the moment
and he flinched at the reminder, but his
only reply was:

  "And in, a few days I’ve got to go back
to Lexington. I always miss the hills down
there.”

  Her violet eyes challenged him with full
directness—

"Won’t you miss—anything else?”
Boone, who was looking at her, closed
his eyes. He was sure that they would be-
tray him and when he ventured to open
them again he had prudently averted his

gaze, But though he looked elsewhere
he still saw her. He saw the hair that
had enmeshed his heart like a snare, saw
the eyes that held an inner sparkle—which
was for him an altar fire.

   “I’m not the sort of feller that can help
 missing his friends,” he made guarded re-
 ply, but his tongue felt dry and unwieldly,
 Usually people were not so niggardly as
 that with their compliments to Anne, and
 as she held a half-piqued silence Boone
 knew that she was offended, so his next
 question came with a stammering incer-
 titude.

   "You are a friend of mine, aren’t you?”
 She rose then from the rock where she
 had been sitting and stood there lance-
 like, with her chin high and her glance
 averted. To his question she offered no
 response save a short laugh; the pulses in
 his temples began to throb, and once more
 he closed his eyes as one instinctively closes
 them under a wave of physical pain.

   Boone had made valiant and chivalrous
resolves of silence, but he had heard a laugh
touched with a bitterness from lips upon
which bitterness was by nature alien.

   "Anne,” he exclaimed in a frightened
tone, “what made you laugh like that?”
Then she wheeled and her words came
torrentially. There was anger and per-
plexity and a little scorn in her voice,
but also a dominant disappointment.

   “I mean, Borne Wellver, that I don’t
know how to take you. Sometimes I think
you really like me—lots. Not just lumped
in with everybody that you can manage
to call a friend. I have no use for luke-
. warm friendships; I’d rather have none
at all. You seem to be in deadly fear of
spoiling me with your lordly favor.”

   The boy stood before her with a face
that had grown ashen. It seemed incred-
ible to him that she could so misconstrue
his attitude—an attitude based cn hard
and studied self-control.

   “You think that, do you?” he inquired
in a low voice, almost fierce in its intensity.
“Do you think I’m fool enough not to
take thankfully what I can get without cry-
ing for the moon?”

   “What has the moon to do with it?” ■
she demanded.

   But the vow of silence which Boone
had taken with the grave solemnity of a
Trappist monk was no longer a dependable
bulwark. The dam had broken.

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

145
R o M ANCE

  “Just this,” he said soberly; “you’re
as far out of my reach as the moon itself.
You say I seem afraid to tell you that I
really like you. I am afraid. I’m so
mortally afraid that I’d sworn I’d never
tell you. God knows that I couldn’t start
talking about that without saying the
whole of it. I can’t say I like you be-
cause I don’t like you—I love you. I love
you like—” The rapid flood of words
broke off in abrupt silence. Then the boy
raised his hands and let them fall again
in a gesture of despair. “There isn’t any-
thing in the world to liken it to,” he de-
clared.

  Anne’s eyes had widened in astonish-
ment. She said nothing at all and Boone
waited, steeling himself against the ex-
pected sentence of exile. Nothing less than
banishment, he had always told himself,
could be the penalty of such an outburst.

  “Now,” he continued in a bitter despera-
tion, “I’ve done what I said I’d never do.
I’ve foresworn myself and told you that I
love you. I might as well finish because

I	reckon I can guess what you’ll say pres-
ently. From the first day when you came
here, I’ve been in love with you. I’ve never
seen the evening star rise up over the Kain-
tuck Ridges that I haven’t looked at it
and thought of it as your own star. I’ve
never seen it, either, that I haven’t said to
myself, ‘you might as well love that star,’
and I’ve tried just to live from hour to hour
when I was with you and not think about
the day when you’d be gone away.”

  Anne still stood with wide and question-
ing eyes, but no anger had come into them
yet. Her voice shook a little as she asked:

  “Just why do you think of me that way,
Boone? Why am I—so far—out of
reach?”

  “Why!” His question was an exclama-
tion of amazement. “You’ve seen that
cabin where I was born, haven’t you? You
know what your people call my people,
don’t you—‘poor white trash’? Between
you and me there’s a gorge two hundred
years wide. Your folks are those that
won the West and mine are those that fell
by the roadside and petered out and dry-
rotted.”

  As -he finished the speech, which had
been such a long one for him, he stood wait-
ing. Into the unsteady voice with which
she put her last question he had read the
reserve of controlled anger, such as a just

14b	THE TEM

judge would seek to hold in abeyance until
everything was said. So he braced himself
and tried not to look at her, but he felt 1
that the length of time she held him in
that tight-drawn suspense was a shade cruel
—unintentionally so. of course.

  The girl’s face told him nothing, either, |
at first, but slowly into the eyes came that I
scornful gleam that he had sometimes seen '3
there when he sought to modify the risk ]
involved in some reckless caprice of her
own, suggesting a disdain for all things cal-
culatedly cautious. At last she spoke.

  “You could say every one of those things
about Lincoln,” was her surprizing pro-
nunciamento. “You couId_say most of
them about Napoleon or any big man that
won out on his own. When I brought you
that little bust. I thought you’d like it.

I	thought you had that same kind of
SDirit—and courage.”

 “But, Anne-”

  “I didn’t interrupt you,” she reminded
him. “My idea of a real man is one who
doesn’t talk timidly about gorges, whether
they’re two hundred years wide, as you
call it, or not. Napoleon wouldn’t have
been let into a kitchen door at court, so
he came in through the front way with a
triumphal arch built over it. He knocked
flown barriers and got what he wanted.”
“Then—” his voice rang out suddenly,
“then if I can ever get up to where you
stand I won’t be ‘poor white trash’ to
you?”

  She shook her head and her eyes glowed
with invincible spirit.

  “You’ll be a man that wasn’t faint-
hearted,” she told him honestly. “One
that was brave enough to live his own life
as I mean to live my own.”

  “Anne,” he said fervently, “you asked
me if I’d miss anything but the hills. I’ll
miss you—like—all hell—because I love
you like that.”

  They were on a mountain-top, with no
one to sec them. They were almost chil-
dren and inexperienced. They thought
that they could lay down their own plans
and build their lives in accordance, with
no deflection of time or circumstance.

  A few moments later they stood flushed
with the intoxication of that miracle that
makes other miracles pallid. The girl’s
breath came fast and her cheeks were
pinkly flushed. The boy’s heart hammered I
and the leagues of outspread landscape a

PER 1NG
seemed a reeling, whirling, but ecstatically
beautiful, confusion. Their eyes held in a
silent caress, and for them both all subse-
quent things were to be dated from that
moment when he had impulsively taken
her in his arms and when she had returned
his first kiss.

XVIII

General basil prince sat in his

law office one murky December morn-
ing of the year 1903. It was an office
which bespoke the attorney of the older
generation and about it hung the air of
an unadorned workshop. If one compared
it with the room in the same building where
young Morgan Wallifarro worked at a fiat-
topped mahogany table, one found the dif-
ference between Spartan simplicity and
sybarite elegance. But over one bookcase
hung an ancient and battered cavalry
sword, a relic of the days when the general
had ridden with the "wizards of the saddle
and the saber.”

  Just now he was, for the second time,
reading a letter which seemed to hold for
him a peculiar interest.

  DEAR general:

  Your invitation to come to Louisville and meet
at your table that coterie of intimates of whom
you have so often spoken is one that tempts
me strongly—and yet I must decline.

  You know that my name is not McCalloway,
and you do not know what it is. I think 1 made
myself clear on that subject when you waived,
the circumstance that I am a person living in
hermitage, because my life has not escaped cloud-
ing. You generously accepted my unsupported
statement that no actual guilt tarnishes the name
which I no longer use. yet despite my eagerness
to know those friends of yours, those gentle-
men who appeal so strongly to my imagination
and admiration, I could not, in justice to you
or to myself, permit you to foist me on them
under an assumed name. I have resolved upon
retirement and must stand to my resolution. The
discovery of my actual identity would be painful
to me and social life might endanger that.

  I'll not deny that in the loneliness here, par-
ticularly when the boy is absent, there are times
when, for the dinner conversation of gentlemen
and ladies, I would almost pawn my hope of
salvation. There are other times, and many,
when for the feel of a saber-hilt in my hand, for
the command of a brigade, or even a regiment, I
would almost offer my blade for hire—almost
but not quite.

  I must, however, content myself with my ex-
•periment—my wolf-cub.

  You write of my kindness to him, but, my
dear General, it is the other'wav about. It

i

i;> he who has made my hermitage endurable—
and filled in the empty spaces of my life. My
fantastic idea of making him the American who
starts the pioneer and ends the modern, begins
to assume the color of plausibility.

   I now look forward with something like dread
to the time when he must go out into a wider
Avorld. For then I can not follow him. I shall
have reached the end of my tutorship. I do not
think I can then endure this place without him,
but there are others as secluded.

   My dear General, the very cordial tone of
your letters emboldens me to ask a favor, and
it is a large one. in this connection. When he
has finished his course at college I should like
to have him read law in Louisville. That will
take him into a new phase of the development
I have planned. He will need strong counsel and
true friends there, for he will still be the pioneer
with the rough bark on him, coming into a land
of culture, and though he will never confess it,
he will feel the sting of class distinctions and
financial contrasts.

   There he will see what rapid transitions have
left of the old South, and despite the many
changes, there still survive* much of its spirit.
Its fragrant bouquet, its fine traditions, are not
yet gone. God willing, I hope he will even go
further than that, and later know the national
phases as well as the sectional—but that, of course,
lies on the knees of the gods.

  General Prince laid down the letter and
sat Razing thoughtfully at the scabbarded
saber on the wall. Then he rose from his
chair and went along the corridors to a
suite legended “Wallifarro, Banks & Wal-
lifarro.” The general paused to smile, ,for
the last name had been freshly lettered
there, and he knew that it meant a hope
fulfilled to his old friend, the colonel. His
son’s name was on the door and his son
was in the firm. But it was to the private
office of Colonel Tom that he went, and
the colonel shoved back a volume of decis-
ions to smile his welcome.

  “Torn,” began the general, “I have a
letter here that I want you to read. I
may be violating a confidence, but I think
the writer would trust my judgment in
such a matter.”

  Tom Wallifarro read the sheets of evenly
penned chirography, and, as he handed
them back, he said musingly:

  “Under the circumstances, of course, it
would not be fair to ask if you have any
guess as to who McCalloway is—or was.
He struck me as a gentleman of extraor-
dinary interest. He is a man who has
known distinction.”

  “That’s why I came in this morning,
Tom. I want you to know him better, and
to co-operate with me, if you will, about

BY CHARLES NEVILLE BUCK

147
ROMANCE

the boy. Since the mountain can't come

to Mohammed-”

“We are to go there?” came the under-
standing response, and Basil Prince nodded.

  “Precisely; I wanted you and one or two
others of our friends to go down there. .1
had in mind an idea that may be foolish—
fantastic even for a lot of old fellows like
ourselves—but none-the-less interesting.
I want to give the chap a dinner in his
own house.”

  Colonel Wffllifarro smiled delightedly as
he gave his ready sanction to the plan.

  “Count me in, General, and call on me
wherever you need me.”

  It was not until January that the sur-
prize party came to pass, and Basil Prince
and Tom Wallifarro had entered into their
arrangements with all the zest of college-
boys sharing a secret. Out of an idea of
simple beginnings grew elaborations as the
matter developed until there was indeed
a dash of the fantastic in the whole matter,
and a touch, too, of pathos.

  Because of McCalloway’s admission that
at times his hunger for the refinements of
life became a positive nostalgia, the plot-
ters resolved to stage, for that one evening,
within the walls of hewn logs, an environ-
ment full of paradox.

  Results followed fast. A hamper was
filled from the cellars of the Pendennis
Club. Old hams appeared, cured by pri-
vate recipes that had become traditions.
Napery and silver—even glass—came out
of sideboards to be packed for a strange
journey. All these things were consigned
long in advance to Larry Masters at Mar-
lin Town, where railway traffic ended and
“jolt wagon” transportation began.

  Aunt Judy Fugate, celebrated in her day
and generation as a cook, became an acces-
sory before the fact. In her house only
a “whoop and a holler” distant from that
of McCalloway’s, she received, with a
bursting importance and a vast secrecy, a
store of supplies smuggled hither far more
cautiously than it had ever been needful
to smuggle “blockade licker.”

  Upon one pivotal point hinged the suc-
cess of the entire conspiracy.

  Larry Masters must persuade McCallo-
way to visit him for a full day before the
date set, and must go back with him at the
proper time. The transformation of a log
house into a banquet-hall demands time
and non-interference. But there was no

default in Masters’ co-operation, and on
the appointed evening McCalloway and
Larry rode up to the door of the house
and dismounted. Then the soldier halted
by his fcnce-line and spoke in a puzzled
tone:

  “Strange—very strange that there should
be lights burning inside. I’ve been away
forty-eight hours and more. I dare say
Aunt Judy has happened in. She has a
key to the place.”

  Larry Masters hazarded no explanatory
suggestion. The vacuous expression upon
his countenance was, perhaps, a shade over-
done, but he followed his host across the
small yard to his door.

  On the threshold McCalloway halted
again in a paralyzed bewilderment. Per-
haps he doubted his own sanity for a mo-
ment, because of what he saw within.

  The center of the room was filled with
a table, not rough, as was his own, but
snowy with damask, and a-sparkle with
glass and silver, under the softened light
of many candles. So the householder stood
bewildered, pressing a hand against his
forehead, and as he did so, several gentle-
men rose from chairs before his own blaz-
ing hearth. When they turned to greet
him, he noticed with bewilderment that
they were all in evening dress.

  Basil Prince came smilingly around the
table with an outstretched hand and an en-
lightening voice.

  “Since I am the original conspirator,
sir, I think I ought to explain. We are
a few Mohammeds who have come to the
mountain. Our designs upon you embrace
nothing more hostile than a dinner-party.”
For a moment Victor McCalloway, for
years now a recluse with itching memories
of a life that had been a-throb with ac-
tion and vivid with color, stood seeking
to command his voice. His throat worked
spasmodically and into the eyes that had
on occasion been flint-hard with stern-
ness came a mist that he could not deny.
He sought to welcome them—and failed.
Rarely had he been so profoundly touched
and all he succeeded in putting into words,
and that in an unnatural voice, was:

  “Gentlemen, you must pardon me if I
fail to receive you properly. I have no
evening clothes.”

  But their laughter broke the tension,
and while he shook hands around, thinking
what difficulties must of necessity have

148

THE TEMPERING
m.

ROMANCE

been met in this gracious display of cor-
diality, Moses, the negro butler from the
Wallifarro household, appeared from the
kitchen door bearing a tray of cocktails.

  It was not until after two keenly effer-
vescent hours of talk, laughter and dining,
when the cigars had been lighted, that
Prince came to his- feet.

  “Gentlemen,” he said, “I am not going
to pledge the man who is both our host
and guest of honor, because I prefer to
propose a sentiment we can all drink,
standing, including himself. I give you the
success of his gallant experiment—the boy,
Boone Wellver—‘a toast to the native-
born!’ ”

  They rose amid the sound of chairs
scraping back, and once more McCalloway
felt the contraction of his throat and the
dimness in his eyes.

  “Gentlemen,” he stammered, “I am
grateful. I think the boy is going to
be an American; not only a hillsman,not
even only a Kentuckian or a Southerner—
though God knows either would be a proud
enough title—but an American who blends
and fuses these fine elements. That, at
all events, is my hope and effort.”

  He sat down hurriedly—and yet in
other days he had spoken with polished
ease at tables where distinguished men and
women were his fellow-diners—and it was
then that Tom Wallifarro rose.

  “This was not to be a formal affair of
set speeches,” he announced in a conversa-
tional tone, “but there is one more senti-
ment without which we would rise leaving
the essential thing unsaid. Some one has
called these mountain folk our ‘contempo-
rary ancestors—’ men of the past living in
our day. This lad is in that sense of an
older age. When Tie goes into the world
he will need such advisors of the newer
age as he has had here in Mr. McCallo-
way—or at least pale imitations of Mr. Mc-
Calloway, whose place no one can fill. We
are here this evening for two pleasant pur-
poses. To dine with our friend, who could
not come to us, and to found an informal
order. The Boone who actually lived two
centuries ago was the Godfather of Ken-
tucky.

  “Gentlemen, I give you the order of our
own founding tonight—The Godfathers of
Boone.”

  It was, of course, by coincidence only
that the climax of that evening’s gathering
should have been capped as it was. Prob-
ability would have brought the last guesls,
whom no one there had expected, at any
other time, but perhaps the threads of
destiny do not after all run haphazard.
Possibly it could only be into such a fan-
tastic pattern that they could ever have
been woven.

   At all events it was that night they came,
the two short men, with narrow eyes, set
in swarthy Oriental faces, such as those
hills had not before seen.

  There was a shout from the night—the
customary mountain voice raised from afar,
as the guide who had brought these visitors
halloed from the roadway.

  “I’m Omer Maggard, an’ I’m guidin’ a
couple of outlanders thet wants ter see
ye.”

  McCalloway went to the door and
opened it, and because it was late, the
guide turned back without crossing the
threshold.

  But the two men who had employed his
services to conduct them through the night
and along the thicketed roads entered
gravely and though they, tbo, must have
felt the irrational contrasts of the picture
there, their inscrutible almond eyes mani-
fested no surprize.

  They were Japanese, and as both bowed
from the hips, one inquired in unimpeach-
able English—

  “You are the Honorable yictor McCal-
loway?”

  If the former soldier had found it im-
possible to keep the mists of emotion out
of his pupils a little while ago, such was
no longer the case. His glance was now
as stern in its inquisitorial questioning as
steel. It was not necessary that these
gentlemen should state their mission, to
inform him that their coming carried a
threat for his incognito, but he answered:

  “I am so called.”

  “I have the honor to present the Count
Oku—and myself, Itokai.”

TO BE CONTINUED

14q
The Little Green Devils

BY JAMES FRANCIS DWYER

THE Broadway subway trains
running northward take a sud-
den leap out of their black bur-
row when they get up near Man-
hattan Street and, apparently much to
their own surprize, rush along for a few
hundred yards in the full light of day.
Riding the high trestles they roar noisily,
palpably endeavoring to attract attention
to their elevated position, but the dark
tunnel again springs up before them, and,
with a strange purring sound that might
be construed into a note of thankfulness,
they disappear into the darkness.

  One can make curious comparisons with
the Broadway trains. Poets, politicians,
actors, authors, pugilists, pragmatists, par-
sons, et al., imitate the trains. They bur-
row for years in a darkness lit only by
the dim lights of ambition; then suddenly
they roar into the limelight, prance for
a moment upon the high trestles of Fame,
then on into oblivion. A little unlike the
trains, though, they never come back!

  But, and here we come to the subject of
this story, there are gems in the world—
great and wonderful gems with careers
analogous to the subway trains. They are
what the big jewelers call “unpedigreed
gems.” At long, long intervals they appear
upon the market, carrying with them no
history of their wanderings, and they ex-
cite suspicion. They are spoken of in
whispers; their value depreciates. They
become the Magdalenes of the trade, very-
beautiful without a doubt, but they are
not listed correctly in the “Who’s Who”
of the gem world in which proper legiti-
mate gems like the Kohinoor have records

ijo

that rival that of Caesar’s wife. Two such
outlaws are “The Little Green Devils.”

REDERICK OSWALD BARNARD,
the original “F. 0_ B.” of Detroit,
Michigan, knew a little of outlaw gems
when the small Tatar, with the micro-
scopic brow and the eyes in which terror
danced on pin-points of light, called upon
him. Old F. O. B. was in his own suite at
the Grand Hotel des Wagons-Lits in
Pekin, and the undersized Tatar had been
brought to the rooms by two fat and im-
portant Chinamen who had much difficulty
in keeping him there.

  A wild suspicious bird was the Tatar.
He pulled his sheepskin coat tighter and
watched every movement of F. O. B., the
secretary and the two men who had in-
troduced him. He was taking no chances
with the company and he did not conceal
his distrust. Old Barnard, who indexed
every person at first sight and never al-
tered the entry, spoke to his secretary in
a whisper when the Tatar was being cajoled
to enter the reception room.

  “If I had a billion for every throat that
little hound has cut,” he growled, “I’d
buv up every Libertv-loan bond in the
U. S.”

  “And you’d have a little left then, sir,” ;
murmured the secretary.

  The largest and more elaborately robed
of the two Chinamen introduced the Tatar,
gripping him firmly by the collar as he
spoke.

  “This is the man, your excellency,” he
said, speaking psrfect English. “They are
now with him.’*
ROMANCE

  “Very good,” said the man from Detroit.
“Take no notice of me. Go ahead in your
own little way and make him put his goods
upon the table. I’m ready to examine
them. I have an expert in the next room.”
The two Chinamen did proceed in their
own way. The smaller poured out a
stream of unintelligible abuse upon the
Tatar, but the owner of the sheepskin coat
drew that article tighter around his lean
body and whined curiously.

  “He wants all the doors and windows
locked and bolted." explained the big
Chinaman. ‘‘He is afraid of the friends
of The Little Green Devils.”

  “What friends?” asked old F. O. B.
“Friends we can not see,” said the
Chinaman gravely. "The friends'of the
air that they know.”

  Barnard spoke to his secretary.

  “Let Kuhn in here.’’ he said, “then bolt
the doors.”

  The secretary brought the expert, a tall
lean and very solemn person, who, like
all experts, looked as if he thought a trap
was being constructed into which it was
hoped he would fall and smash his care-
fully built-up reputation. He mistrusted
the yielding carpet, the three Orientals,
the quick, sure-footed secretary. He
clutched the magnifying glass in his coat
pocket, it was the only thing upon which
he relied implicitlj'.	x

  “Xow,” said Barnard, smiling at the_
two Chinamen, "the little set is ready.
Shoot! ”

  Again the smaller of the two Celestials
spoke hurriedly to the Tatar, whose sus-
picions were evidently not completely al-
layed. The appearance of the expert had
startled him, but at last convinced that
Kuhn was not dangerous, he thrust his
hand within the hairy sheepskin jacket and
drew forth a ball of the thick, knot-cov-
ered linen they make on the hand looms
in the northern provinces. He unrolled it
with fierce quick gestures, tearing off the
last yard of wrapping to the accompani-
ment of a little crooning song; then, with
a flourish, he laid something down upon
the teakwood table.

  The heads of Kuhn. F. O. B., the secre-
tary and the two Chinamen came slowly
forward, drawn by the invisible halters of
a curiosity that strangled nonchalance, and
a choking silence came into the room.

  It was the big Chinaman who broke
the stillness.

  “Those, your excellency,” he said, ad-
dressing Frederick Oswald Barnard, “are
The Little Green Devils.”

  Old F. O. B. looked at the two China-
men. the expert, the secretary, - and the
small-eyed Tatar, who still held high the
linen bandage as if threatening the things
upon the table; then F. O. B. laughed
in a queer, strained manner.

  “Just so,” he murmured. “Just so.
Well we might—we might get down to
business.”

  The secretary looked at his chief. He
had seen Barnard take over a three-mil-
lion-dollar business without the least ex-
citement. Now his chief was stammering
like a youth making his first investment!

  The long fingers of Kuhn went slowly
out and clutched one of The Little Grec-n
Devils. He brought it toward the magni-
fying glass and thrust it beneath it. A
careful man was Kuhn. He had been
brought to the Wagons-Lits to examine a
pair of ear-rings whose value was enor-
mous, and he intended to do the work thor-
oughly. Very slowly, very carefully, with-
out bestowing a glance or a word upon
the others, he made his examination, sub-
mitting the stones to careful tests, scrut-
inizing them intently for flaws*

  After a long, long tifne he pushed the
pair back to the center of the table, frowned
as if their flawless beauty still puzzled him,
put his glass back into his coat-pocket and
whispered softly into the ear of Barnard
who had lowered his head to receive the
report.

  Old F. O. B. straightened himself and
signaled the secretary.

  “Go and ask Miss Stephanie to come
here,” he said. “It is silly to buy them
unless she likes them.”

  The Tatar immediately intimated that
the gems should be covered while the door
was open, and Kuhn placed a jade bowl
over them, lowering it gently, reluctantly,
on the little bed of green fire that burned
in the center of the black table. Kuhn
loved them, and yet, with the curious men-
tal twist of the detector of flaws, he hated
them. Beauty is detestable to the critic;
the skilful vice investigator dislikes the
spotlessly pure who offer no opportunities
to the art of spying.

  As it is impossible to describe the fire

B Y J A M E S F RANCIS D W Y E R

 * 51
R O M A N C E

and deviltry of the wonderful gems, so,
also, must the beauty and sweetness of
Stephanie Barnard be left to the reader’s
imagination. -Yuan Shih-Kai, who had a
quick tongue, said upon seeing Stephanie
Barnard:

  “Then the American Beauty is not a
flower! I am a fool because I always
thought it the name of a rose!”

  She came into the room looking a little
startled, a little afraid, showing in her
gentle movements a belief that she was a
little out of place. And she certainly was.
The room when she entered it was charged
with a peculiar hectic atmosphere brought
about by the presence of the gems. But
the entry of the girl brought a soothing,
quieting effect. The secretary, who was
the most self-possessed of the six men,
noted the immediate effect her arrival had
upon old F. O. B. Barnard was a little
wrought up after his first glimpse of the
gems, but the coming of his daughter acted
like a charm. He pulled himself together,
obtained control of his face and brought
back to his voice the quiet firm timbre
that momentary excitement had destroyed.

  “Stephanie,” he said, pointing to the
jade bowl, “we have here a pair of stones
that I thought you might like.”

  Kuhn lifted the bowl, and the girl, with
exquisite grace, moved forward and leaned
over the little bed of green fire. All
watched her. Even the half-crazed Tatar
stopped tugging at his sheepskin coat and
stared at the lovely face and the splen-
didly graceful throat, the latter showing
to advantage as the girl leaned forward
to examine the gems.

  The men sensed their own queerness in
her presence. Kuhn, the expert, felt a
little ashamed of his morbid hatred of the
gems—a hatred born of his inability to
detect a flaw in their matchless beauty.
The two Chinamen endeavored to crush
the greed that broke down the barriers of
celestial stoicism and paraded boldly upon
their faces. The featherweight intellect
of the Tatar worked manfully to keep his
fingers from the suffering sheepskin coat.

  For fully five minutes the girl stared at
the gems without speaking; then with a
look of absolute amazement tinged With
something akin to supernatural fear upon
her beautiful face, she turned to her father.

  “Oh, Daddy!” she cried. “I—I have
never seen anything so wonderful! They

15*	THE L I TTLE G

are so strange that they make me just a
little—just a little afraid of them!”
Barnard laughed softly, then stepped
forward and patted her little white hands.

  “I’m glad you like them, Stephanie,”
he said. “I am going to buy them for
you as a birthday present. Mr. Kuhn
has just examined them and he thinks the
stones are perfect.”

  Kuhn, who at the moment had his sus-
picious glance still upon the gems as if
his eyes were unable to believe in the
absolute flawlessness of The Little Green
Devils, turned quickly and bowed to the
girl.

  “They are without equal,” he said
grudgingly. “I have never seen such
stones. I have heard of these, heard of
them years and years ago when I was at
Canton, but I thought the story that was
told to me was something from a child's
fairy-book. They told me then that the
gems possessed some strange power.”

  The larger of the two Chinamen seized
the opportunity to air his knowledge. He
stroked his fat throat, patted his silken
vestlet and addressed Stephanie.

  “They have a power as this gentleman
observes,” he said, his voice as oily as
his moon-shaped face. “It is an extra-
ordinary power. It can be obtained by
those who own them, and then only at
the expense of the gems. It is so, my
lady. If any person who owns these beau-
tiful jewels should desire something very,
very much, they must throw the gems
away, throw them away in a manner which
to them makes recovery impossible.”

  He stepped closer to Stephanie Barnard
and lowered his voice.

  “It is said,” he whispered, “and I who
am a fool know not how true it is, that
the glorious Empress Dowager of China
once owned these stones. Yes! Yes! She,
and again I speak from hearsay, flung them
into the Yangtze-Kiang from the window
of her palanquin when she was crossing
the river on her way to Peking. She
wanted a throne, and she was willing to
sacrifice everything! ”

  “Oh!” murmured the girl. “And how
were they recovered?”

  “By a fisherman beneath the bridge,”
answered the narrator. “The gems must
be tied together before they are thrown
away, and as they came through the air
they made an arc of green fire which the

REEK DEVILS
ROMANCE

fisherman saw. He thought a god was
falling from the heavens and he flung out
his hand-net and into it fell the gems. The
people who wonder at the circumstances
that brought an unknown woman to the
throne of China know nothing of The Lit-
tle Green Devils.”

  The narrator’s countryman nodded his
head viciously as if his .forehead was a
hammer that drove the nails of truth into
the story. After he had performed this
work to his own satisfaction he decided to
add further glory to the gems.

  “There was a girl at Tai-ping,” he be-
gan, his voice full and sonorous, “a girl
to whom a rich merchant Of Nanking had
done a dreadful wrong. And this girl's
father bought The Little Green Devils
from the fisherman who caught them as
they fell from the bridge. The father
gave the jewels to the girl as a wedding
present, but the girl knew that there would
be no wedding. And in the madness that
came upon her she held up her hands to
the sky and offered The Little Green Devils
for the rich man’s heart!

  “She flung the gems from the edge of
a great cliff, O beautiful lady, first tying
them together with a lock of her hair, and
then went her way home. But on her
way she came to a place where a robbery
had been committed. Some one had killed
a merchant. The girl knelt down and
looked at the battered face, and lo, it was
the face of her lover! And his heart, the
heart for which she had offered the gems,
was nailed to a tree near-by! ”

  “Oh, how dreadful!” gasped Stephanie.
“How horrible!”

  “I tell it to show the power of the gems,”
said the Chinaman. ‘‘They have great
power. When the girl flung them from the
cliff they fell at the feet of the man who
murdered the merchant and who was even
then fleeing down the side of the moun-
tain, and he brought them to my partner
and me. Listen, lady, the murderer is in
this room, but do not look at him. He
has cut many throats, and he would cut
mine, too, if he knew what I am telling
you!”

  Stephanie Barnard tried hard to keep
her splendid eyes from surveying the per-
son in the sheepskin coat, but she failed.
And the Tatar; catching her frightened
glance, felt sure that the Chinaman had
been dragging his iniquities into the light.

His little ferret eyes flashed malignantly,
and the low brow was transformed into
three furrows of hate.

  It was Barnard’s secretary who averted
a breach of the peace. He presented a
great bundle of bills to his master, and the
sight of the money made the Tatar forget
the Chinaman. He became a whining,
money-mad pariah, his hairy hands out-
stretched to F. O. B., and his yellow teeth
made a peculiar clicking sound as Fred-
erick Oswald Barnard counted the bills
into his hands. The two Chinamen smiled
as they received their commission; then
Kuhn, the expert, took up The Little Green
Devils and passed them to Barnard who
handed them to Stephanie.

  The Tatar, going out the door, his
money hidden beneath his sheepskin coat,
spoke rapidly to the larger of the two
Chinamen, and the Chinaman translated
to Stephanie Barnard.

  “He says,” remarked, the unsmiling ce-
lestial, “that the last owner of the gems
got the heart of a dead man in return for
them, but it is far better to get the heart
of a "live man. Therefore, he says, if you
want something great do not delay the
sacrifice of the stones. I bid you good
morning, my lady.”

F’ O. B. and his beautiful daughter left
. Peking two days later, Stephanie
hugging to her bosom The Little Green
Devils for which her father had paid a
price that was unbelievable. She thought
often of the stories which the two China-
men had told of the power they wielded.
She visualized both stories they told. She
saw the ambitious girl who wished to rule
an empire passing over the yellow Yang-
tze-Kiang in her palanquin. She pictured
her, suddenly overcome by the desire to
rule, tearing from her ears the wonderful
gems and tossing them into the tumbling
waters.

  “Oh, how could she?” 6he would murmur
again and again, when in the privacy of
her own bedchamber she would study the
carving of the devils, the work, of some
long-dead Eastern lapidary who, so it
would seem, had made the pattern strange
and intricate with the desire to hold the
gems in his possession for a long, long
time. “I wouldn’t throw you away for
a thousand thrones!” she would cry. “No,
no, no!”

BY IAMES FRANCIS DWYER

 153

va
ROMANCE

  And she thought often that the cun-
ningly-carved little devils grinned back at
her as if they had heard similar protesta-
tions through the years. At times they
looked strangely alive to Stephanie. Won-
derfully old they were, those two little
pariahs of the world of gems!

  She thought of the other story with a
shudder. She wondered what the girl
thought when she came upon the heart for
which she had hurled the gems into space!

  “But you didn’t kill him!” Stephanie
would cry, kissing one green emerald, and
then, with a “Neither did you!” kissing
its companion. “It was the horrid man
in the sheepskin coat that murdered her
lover!”

  Very, very childish and believing was
Stephanie Barnard. She had at twenty
the precious power of belief that the years
unfortunately destroy. Implicitly and
firmly she believed in the power of The
Little Green Devils that she loved.

  Barnard and Stephanie drifted away
over hot, scented seas away up to Yoko-
hama, and then over roads deep with cherry
blossoms they went to Nikko. It was
Stephanie’s wish to go to Nikko.

      Where the holy come and go,

      Where the cherry blossoms blow,

      Where the gods speak soft and low—

         At Nikko in the Spring.

   And at Nikko, wonderful to relate, Ste-
phanie Barnard of Detroit, Michigan,
U. S. A., met a townsman! He was paint-
ing there—painting the sanctuaries built
by the great shoguns of the Tokugawa
dynasty. His name was Jack Beecher,
and way back in a misty beautiful past,
way back before Frederick Oswald Bar-
nard had seized opportunity by the fore-
lock and hog-tied the creature by forming
overnight The Great American Production
& Distribution Company, Jack and Ste-
phanie had played together in the yards
of two wooden houses in a very unaristo-
eratic neighborhood in old Detroit.

  And the years rolled away at Nikko—
Nikko where the old grow young, and
where the youthful become children again.
Jack was poor, very poor, while Stephanie
was dreadfully rich, but at Nikko worldly
riches do not count. The prince prays with
the beggar in the century-old shrines, so
Jack Beecher and Stephanie were not aware
of the abyss that separated them as they

strolled around in the sweet stillness and
examined holy places that the little green
hands of the dead years had patted softly.

  Old F. O. B. noticed, but to F. O. B.
Nikko was a place where people did un-
conventional things which they viewed
with a shudder when they reached Chicago,
London, Detroit, or whatever other spot
where their social gods sat in judgment.
Mr. Barnard’s ideas upon art were very
vague. Some one had once told him that
a great artist had said that art invaded
the hovel of the pauper as well as the pal-
ace of the prince, and old F. O. B., with
the story in mind, devoutly hoped that it
would dodge his Detroit mansion which
was midway from hovel and the palace.
But he was kind to Stephanie and he let
her have her own way.

  The Barnards journeyed up to Yamagata
and then came back to Yokohama where
F. O. B. had engaged the finest suites on
the 5. S. Mongolia homeward-bound to San
Francieco. And it was on the morning
when Mr. Barnard and Stephanie rick-
shawed down the Bund from the Grand
Hotel that F. O. B. realized the wisdom of
that old motto which asserts that a stitch
in time saves nine. It was while the rick-
shaws were threading a way through the
crowded thoroughfare that Stephanie’s
wonderful eyes found My. Jack Beecher,
and Mr. Beecher, without being told that
F. O. B. and his daughter were returning
to the United States on the Mongolia, hur-
riedly announced that he had just been
able to get the last available berth upon
that steamer.

  “Extraordinary luck!” he ciied. “Amaz-
ing good fortune!”

  “H’m,” said F. O. B.

  “I stupidly left it till the last minute,”
burbled the artist. “Didn’t think about
going till the other day, then I got home-
sick and all that and packed hurriedly.”

  “Quite so,” said Barnard dryly. “But
it’s unwise to leave things till the last
moment. You should have booked your
berth when we booked ours. I wired the
agents from Nikko.”

  “You going on the Mongolia?” cried
Beecher. “You and Miss Stephanie? Why
that—that is perfectly splendid! It’s
bully!”

  How amazed he was! He said it was
one of the most extraordinary coincidences
that he had ever heard of, and, although

THE LITTLE GREEN DEVILS
old F. O. B. gave no manifestations of as-
tonishment, Stephanie was brave enough
to support Beecher in his assertions.

  “It is a strange happening,” she stam-
mered, her beautiful face warmed with
soft blushes. “We—we say good-by to you
at Nikko and find now that you are going
back to America by the same boat!”

  Old F. O. B. coldly ventured an opinion
regarding the weather, and the interview
ended. Later, however, as he and Ste-
phanie sat upon the deck of the Mongolia,
he broached the Beecher matter.

  “Stephanie,” he said, “that young
painter is chasing you.”

  “Chasing me, daddy?”

  “Sure! That bronze idol in your cabin
could tell you that. I’ve got no objec-
tion to what he is but I object to what he
does. Nobody loves an artist, at least
no one that has a million and a beautiful
daughter.”

  “But, daddy!” cried Stephanie, “Jack

does-”

  “Don’t let us quarrel. You’re a sensible
girl and you know that things that go at
Nikko would raise old Nick at Detroit.
It’s a bad pun, girlie, but it carries my
meaning.”

LOVE, say the Arabs, uses the little

*	grains of the desert, the scents of the
flowers and the breezes of the dawn. The
wild doves are the slaves of love, and the
date-palm signals messages with its wav-
ing fronds. And so, as the Mongolia
moved eastward, the ocean equivalent to
Cupid’s desert helpers, brought Jack
Beecher and Stephanie Barnard closer to
each other. There was little conversation
between them and no meetings that F. O.
B. could frown at; but the winds, the
sunshine, the stars and the blue, blue sky
fought against parental control as they
always have fought since the first primi-
tive wench put a chain of red berries
around her neck and crept out of the
sleeping kampong to meet a lover in the
moonlight.

  F. 0. B. seemed perfectly happy. On
the first day out he found in the smoke-
room of the Mongolia a dandified person
who seemed to exude wealth, and later he
introduced the dandy to Stephanie.

  “The Baron Rossino,” he said, leading
the dandy to his daughter's deck chair.

iNCE

“The Baron has been in every port in the
world.”

  The Baron admitted unblushingly that
he had traveled extensively, and a few
minutes later, when F. O. B. went in
search of a steward, he pointedly informed
Stephanie that in all his travels he had
never seen a vista more beautiful than
the one he was enjoying at that moment.
Stephanie was uneasy, and when the Baron
gave a further exhibition of bad taste by
commenting upon The Little Green Devils,
she was only too willing to hide her em-
barrassment by telling the story of the
gems.

  Baron Rossino was interested. He was
more than interested. He asked where
they were purchased, and from whom; and
after much skilful maneuvering he en-
deavored to find out their value.

  “I don’t know what they are worth,”
said Stephanie, then as she glanced at the
little eyes of the Baron she was startled
by the light of greed that showed within
them.

  “I don’t like him!” she told Jack
Beecher when Jack rescued her from the
Baron’s conversational grip. “I think he’s
horrid! No American would be half as
impertinent.”

   The artist gritted his teeth, but he said
nothing. He had overhead the Baron as
he bragged to old F. O. B. in the smoking
room, and he realized that the titled per-
son would be his particular bete noire on
the voyage. Half-formed plans of irritat-
ing the Baron sprang into his head. He
thought of jumping hard upon Rossino’s
patent leather shoes, of pouring a glass of
liqueur over his glossy black hair; he even
thought of a dark night and a quick push
over a deck rail!

  For three days the Baron Rossino de-
voted to Stephanie all the time he could
spare from the card-tables. A girl in a
deck chair is the victim of a persistent
male, and Stephanie shuddered at the
dandy’s approach. Books were no shield
against him, neither was feigned sleep.
Jack Beecher, always watchful, loafing in
the distance, was the girl’s only salvation.

  “You promised to walk with me, Miss
Stephanie,” he would remark, .“Sorry,
Baron, to interrupt your story.”

   Old F. O. B. at times regretted his ac-
tion in introducing the Baron to his
daughter. On the third day out an Ameri-

B Y JAMES FRANCIS DWYER

155
         ——aq ROMANCE

can cavalry officer had refused to sit in
a card game with the Baron at the table,
and the Baron had not resented the insult.

    And then on the fifth night out from
 Yokohama a coral reef built by polyps
 through innumerable years was brought
 into the game by Daniel Cupid. This
 uncharted point that had climbed inch by
 inch toward the surface and had cunningly
 evaded those who map the waters of the
 deep drove itself deep into the hull of
 the Mongolia, and the good ship quivered
 at the thrust. The vicious sword that the
 years had made tore a tremendous hole, and
 twenty minutes after the vessel struck, the
 captain decided that the boats were much
 safer than the unfortunate ship.

    Jack Beecher found Stephanie and her
 father on the deck, the old man endeavor-
 ing to protect the girl from the feet and
 shoulders of sailors who rushed backward
 and forward to carry out the commands
 that came from the bridge. The girl
 was calm and she spoke in a whisper to
 the artist.

    “Would you do me a great, great ser-
 vice?” she asked. “Would you? My—
 _ my ear-rings are in my cabin. On the
 dressing-table. I—I want them. You know
 they have a great power and—and if
 father’s life was in danger—Oh, Jack,
 please go and get them! Please:”

    The lights went out as Jack Beecher
 reached the door of Stephanie’s stateroom.
 Through a darkness that was stifling he
 groped his way toward the dressing-table.
 He moved carefully, his feet muflled by the
 thick carpet.	*

    Beecher’s hand touched the table, and
  his fingers moved forward gropingly in
  search of The Little Green Devils. Ste-
  phanie, with her childlike belief in their
  power, wanted them to save the life of
  her father, and he was determined that he
  would get them if he stayed in the cabin
  till the Mongolia took her long dive.

  ' Slowly, carefully, the sensitive fingers
  of the artist moved across the table, feeling
  each object they touched. Suddenly the
  fingers of the right hand came in contact
  with something that made Beecher quickly
  withdraw his hands and brace himself for
  a shock. His fingers had touched a human
  hand, a hand that was moving slowly
  across the dressing-table as if its owner
  sought the same objects as the artist!

   Beecher waited. There was absolute

stiliness in the cabin. The other occupant,
aware of the artist’s presence, was also
awaiting an attack.

  For over a minute there was no move-
ment on the part of either; then the artist
took a step forward, and the step pro-
voked an immediate attack on the part of
the unknown. Beecher’s shoe struck the
leg of the table, and something heavy, evi-
dently a small mirror, hurtled by his head
and smashed itself into fragments against
the cabin wall. The artist sprang into
the darkness, cannoned heavily against a
body braced to receive his attack, and the
battle was on.

  They fell upon the floor and threshed
around like a pair of gigantic reptiles. They
clawed themselves up by the aid of chairs
and tables and fell again to the carpeted
floor, because the list of the ship made it
impossible for them to battle while stand-
ing erect.

  There was no attempt at science. It
was a mad, wild rough and tumble fight
in the dark. From above and around them
came harsh cries and the patter of feet,
the creaking of blocks and the wild clat-
ter of breaking china; but they fought in
silence.

  They broke apart and for an instant lost
each other. Beecher leaped forward, and
a little fiery shaft of pain struck deep into
his right side. He tried to understand
what had happened. There was no ex-
plosion, so no shot had been fired. Yet he
was wounded. He felt his side, and knew
that his fingers were wet. Wet with blood!
And upon the deck Stephanie was waiting
for him to bring her the precious gems in
which she had such great faith.

  A slight noise came out of a corner of
the cabin, and with a howl of rage Beecher
sprang. He caught the unknown by the
neck, thrust him against the cabin wall,
then rolled with him to the floor as the
Mongolia took a sharp sudden list to port.
The other tried to break the grip but the
artist had a death hold. He saw Stephanie
waiting, and his fingers burrowed deeper
into the throat of the robber and would-be
murderer.

  The unknown’s struggles lessened, then
ceased altogether. Beecher sprang to his
feet and staggered to the dressing-table.
Hurriedly, madly, he clawed among the
little silver knick-knacks that littered it.
till with a great cry of joy. he found The

156

T H l: LITTLE CRECN DEVILS
Little Green Devils! He felt his way to
the. door, stumbling over the man with
whom he had fought. The half-choked
one unloosed an oath, and Beecher for the
first time knew with whom he had been
fighting. It was Baron Rossino!

  On the dark deck of the Mongolia he
found Stephanie, her father and the husky
first officer who was vainly endeavoring to
drag the girl to a boat.

  ‘•But I must wait for him!” she pro-
tested. “I told him to get them, and I—
I-”

  “I’ve got them!” gasped Beecher.
“Hurry! Hurry! She’s going!”

  It seemed as if the Mongolia had waited
for Beecher’s arrival upon deck to make
preparations for her last plunge. She
quivered like a cold hound, lifted herself
for an instant, then slowly settled.

  It was every one for himself at that mo-
ment, and Jack Beecher was handicapped
by the fact that three inches of steel had
entered his ribs some few minutes before.
Clinging to the davit-lines, he helped
Stephanie into the boat—Stephanie clasp-
ing her Little Green Devils. Down went
Barnard and the first officer; then, as if
dissatisfied with her exit, the Mongolia
humped her stern suddenly, and Beecher,
faint with loss of blood, was thrown from
the ropes into the water!

  Stephanie screamed as the first officer
shouted out an order. The boat was thrust
away from the side of the ship, and a sailor
swung a lantern in a circle.

  “We’ll get him!” cried the officer. “He’ll
come up!”

  There was an interval of intense quiet.
The Pacific sucked at the big ship; no one
spoke. The sailor swung the lantern
monotonously, and as the light fell upon
the white hand of Stephanie Barnard she
opened it* and looked at the gems it con-

ROMANCE

tained. And she saw more than The Little
Green Devils. Her hand was wet—wet
with blood that was upon the jewels when
Beecher handed them to her!

  In an instant the girl realized the cause
of his delay below deck. With frantic
haste she knotted her tiny lace handker-
chief around the two wonderfully carved
gems and thrust them quickly over the
side of the boat!

  A sailor in the bow shouted a warning
and tfye boat shot forward. The big first
officer leaned far out and gripped some-
thing, two sailors came to his assistance,
and Jack Beecher was dragged into the
boat.

  “Pull away!” shouted the officer. ‘^»ive
it to her. Every ounce, boys! The old
ship is going!”

  Five minutes later, Jack Beecher whis-
pered to Stephanie, who had managed to
bind up the knife wound.

  “I did give you your earrings, didn’t I?”
he murmured. “Things got a bit mixed
with me after I got that jab. But I did
give them to you; tell me I did?”

  “Yes, yes,” stammered the girl. “You
gave them to me, Jack.”

  “Show them to me so that I won’t think
you’re trying to let me down easy,” he
gasped. “I—I was a little silly when I
got on deck, Stephanie, but if I saw

them-”

  “Jack,” she said, her face close to his,
“they—they slipped from my hand a mo-
ment after you fell into the water.”

  And old F. 0. B. of Detroit, Michigan,
sitting close to them in the darkness, over-
heard. It was then that he recalled the
remark of the great Whistler about Art
entering the hovel of the pauper and the
palace of the prince. F. O. B. had a
mighty big idea that the Detroit mansion
would house it, too!

 The Field

LITTLE girls, running up through the grasses,
Know you the way your footsteps take,
Slowing, to that mysterious secdland
Where the blossoms of men awake?

Runners among the wheaten tassels,

Bend and leap as the lush stalks do!

The green heads fall and childhood passes;

The harvest is reaped from both of you.

Wilton Aenetv Barrett

>57
    Partners

    BY W. TOWNEND
    A Complete Novelette

THE day was hot, even for July on
the Mohave Desert, and the glare
of the sun on the white sand and
the puffs of scorching air that came
from the bare hills to the south made the
little town of Herkomer, with its tin shacks
and stores and ’dobe houses and the station
buildings of dark red, an inferno of tor-
ment, deserted and desolate.

  Only Dan Summers and Jim Yardley,
his partner, sat in the shade outside the
saloon and argued.

  “No, Jim,” said Dan patiently, “it ain’t
right.”

  And for the second time he refused to
agree to Jim’s proposal.

  Jim’s round, serious face with the slightly
goggle eyes was very sad. Dan watched
him and smiled. He usually did smile
when he looked at Jim for long; he found
in his appearance and moods an endless
source of interest and amusement. There
were so many things about Jim that Dan
never understood, so many quettions that
he would have liked answered. But he
never asked these questions. On the desert
one waits to be told; one is never curious
openly.

  Dan wondered why Jim Yardley, a man
of nearly forty, fifteen years older than
himself, and yet so much younger in ex-
perience and worldly wisdom, well-edu-
cated and loathing hardship and toil,
should be content to spend his life pros-
pecting. What was his past history?

  They had little in common; Jim was

 15S

not really a prospector at all, nor would
he make one; he was wofully ignorant of
rocks and ores; he was no hand at man-
aging a burro or running a drill; he was
awkward around a camp; nevertheless,
with all his faults, Dan knew that no one
could have had a partner to equal Jim.
He was a responsibility, of course. He
wanted looking after and guiding always,
and never more so than now. For Dan
realized that the restlessness that came
with the sight of the railroad was on him
once more. Also he had money. Poor
silly old Jim! A good old scout, but iust
as simple and innocent as a kid of ten!

  For the third time Jim began.

  “Dan, I’m tired. We sold that Gold
Bug mine, and we’ve got money—heaps of
money—more than we need to fit up the
next trip. Danny, listen to reason. I
want to wear clean clothes an’ a white col-
lar again, if it’s only for two weeks. I
want to feel what it’s like to have a shave,
from a real barber, an’ to sit down to
meals with a linen table-cloth an’ a waiter
to say ‘sir’ to you. I want to go to a
show, an’ I want—damn it! Dan, I want
to ride in a street-car again. That’s not
extravagance, is it? I want to see the
lights at night an’ hear the crowds in the
street an’ go visitin’ friends, an’ Danny, I
want a drink—a long, iced drink, Danny.
I’m a thirst inside, nothin’ but a ragin',
tearin’ thirst.” He paused and went on
again very dolefully. “Don’t you ever get
tired of the desert. Dan? The heat ar
ROMANCE

sun an' brush an’ rocks an’ snakes an’ dirt
—an’ the dodbusted monotony of it all?
Aren’t you tired, Dan?”

  Dan watched a big freight-engine with
its long line of refrigerator fruit-cars puff-
ing slowly away across the desert with the
rails and telegraph wires all vanishing at
the one point on the horizon.

  After all, thought Dan, it was hard on
Jim—darned hard. He had worked well
and he needed a change. The worst of it
was, once he was off the desert, one never
knew quite what damfool trick he would be
up to next. And then—Dan liked Jim
least when he was in a city, in store clothes,
looking like a commercial traveler and
standing drinks like a millionaire. He had
the style, all right, had old Jim. No one
had anything on Jim when it came to mix-
ing with folks, certainly. But . . . .

  ‘•Dan.” Jim was speaking once more.
“Dan, for Heaven’s sake! Let’s divvy up
an’ go into Los Angeles.”

  Dan sighed.

  "All right, Jim. But for the love uh
Mike! Take care. We’ve got to keep
some money, ain’t we? Or else, maybe,

it’s a job in a mine again-”

  Jim shivered.

  “Goshormighty! Swinging a seven-
pound hammer or mucking out, hey? Not
for this child! It’s all right for you, Dan,

running a mill or a mine hoist-”

  “I ain't so stuck on Los Angeles myself,
Jim, an’ yuh know it. I guess I’ll go
down to the beach for a blow from the
ocean, an’—there’s Browning I want to
see. I ain’t been in Browning for so long
now, I almost forget what it looks like.”

SO DAN went to Browning and stood on
the sidewalk of the main street and
smiled. Nothing had changed. No new
stores had been built. Browning’s busi-
ness section was made up of the same six
buildings as before: the post-office and
grocery store, the hardware store, the pool
room, the bank, the barber’s with its funny,
little, striped pole, and old man Newsom’s
real-estate office. And wherever one
looked, north, south, east, west, on both
sides of the street and beyond, in the midst
of gardens and houses, were vacant lots,
unsold and unsellable.

  The door of the real-estate office opened
and an active little man with gray hair
and a withered face hurried out.

  “Hello, Dan! Back again, then.”
“Howdy, Mr. Newsom, how’s business?”
“Boomin’,” said the little man as they
shook hands. “Dan, you buy. I dunno
if it’s worth my while tryin’ to int’rest you
in any lots in your home town or an or-
chard, maybe, but prices are sure goin’ to
jump.”

  Dan roared.

  “Not on your life,” he said. “No real
estate for me, Mr. Newsom. Nothin’ doin’.
I’d as soon bury my mqney in Death Val-
ley as in Browning. Browning’s dead.”
“It’s the livest corpse you ever seen,
then,” said the little man.

  They chatted for a while on the future
before Browning and then Dan turned
away.

  “Well, I’m goin’ to visit Elmer Prescott.
See you later, Mr. Newsom.”

  Mr. Newsom grunted.

  “Huh! Elmer’s gone ahead in the world.
One of our leadin’ citizens, Elmer is.”

ELMER’S house was white with a green-
shingled roof and green shutters and
a wide veranda, over which climbed masses
of purple Bougainvillea, and a sleeping-
porch with red-and-white-striped blinds.
And in front was a green lawn—green, not
parched and burned like the grass one saw
elsewhere, and flower beds, and on either
side were tall, rustling palm trees and be-
hind was the orchard and a garage and
barns.

  Dan was impressed. This, then, was
where old Elmer lived. No wonder Mr.
Newsom had said he had gone ahead.
Why, he must be rich!

  Elmer was glad to see him. No one had
ever been so glad to see any one in the
world before. Dan would stay the night,
of course; Elmer would take no refusal.
He stood in the entrance hall, with its
dark floor stained and covered with rugs,
laughing and talking boisterously. Then
he called up the stairs—

  “Margie, come on down an’ see what’s
blown in on us!”

  “Who’s cornin’?” Dan asked.

  “I’m married now, Dan. Didn’t you
hear? I married little Marjorie James
three months ago. Margie, old man James’
daughter; you remember Margie, don’t
you, Dan?”

  “Yes,” said Dan slowly. “I remember
Margie.”

B Y W. TO V NEND
ROMANCE

  Lord alive! Could he ever forget—to his
dying day? Could he ever forget? Every-
thing that would have made life worth
living crumbled into nothingness and he
saw before him a vista of empty years.
Margie married to Elmer! What a fool
he had been! When he had drifted back
on to the desert without having spoken,
he had had hopes; he had returned to find
that his hopes were dreams. And he
wanted to escape from Elmer’s house, to
get right away from everybody and hide
before Margie could see him. There was
a dull ache in his heart and he felt
wretched and unhappy, more unhappy than
he had ever felt before, and yet he would
have to stop where he was and smile and
pretend—damn it—that nothing was
wrong and that he was glad Elmer was
happy—and so he was glad! Wasn't El-
mer a friend?

  And then Margie came down the stairs,
dark and pale and slender, smiling hap-
pily, dressed in white, and looking like
some queen out of a story.

  “Why, Dan,” she said. “Why, it’s Dan
Summers!” She held out both hands.
“Dan, we thought you were lost!”

  They sat in big cane rockers on the
veranda and the two men talked about the
years that had slid by since they had last
met, and they told each other what they
had done and seen and where they had
been, while the girl watched them in
silence, her dark eyes looking first at one
and then at the other, as each spoke. And
Dan, glancing at her from time to time, so
dainty and fragile and pretty, wondered
miserably at himself for having dared to
aim so high.

  Elmer was full of enthusiasm and
schemes. He had done well. He would
do better. There was in Browning a fu-
ture. Dan smiled. No, Elmer persisted,
a big future. Property would go up and
up. He waved his hands in the air and
his wife smiled at him fondly, almost as a
mother might smile at a clever child.

  “I’m putting up a new store in town.
I've got a hay and feed business. I’ve just
bought forty acres cheap—got them away
from under old Newsom’s eyes, land fit for
anything. I’m goin’ to make big money.
Dan, bags of it. I can’t help but make it.
Dan, I tell you right now, there’s possi-
bilities in Browning you wouldn’t get no-
where else in California. Ain’t that so?”

  She looked at him adoringly.

  “Yes, dear. You say so, and you ought
to know.”

  Elmer shouted.

  “Ho! Ho! Ho! You get that, Dan.

I	say so, an’ I oughter know. I can’t do
wrong in Margie’s eyes. I just can’t. Look
at her. Dan! Ain’t I the lucky man?”

  Dan nodded. Yes, Elmer was lucky.
Amazingly lucky. Old Elmer, who had
never had another idea in his head but the
making of money—and not for Elmer the
slow, laborious toil of the desert—old El-
mer, with all his hustle and speed, had yet
found time to win Margie! Lucky! Yes.
What man had ever had such luck as this?
And then Dan thought of old Jim, and he
wondered if Jim would ever come to him
and say that he was going to be married
. . . He smiled. Imagine old Jim
Yardley tagging around after a skirt—
with a family!

  Elmer paused in the midst of a descrip-
tion of another of his enterprises.

  “What are you smiling at, Dan?”

  “Nothin’,” said Dan. “Go right ahead,
Elmer.”

  And it flashed into his mind for the first
time that Elmer was strangely like what
Jim would be, if Jim had no hard work to
do and plenty to eat and a little too much
to drink. But then Elmer wasn’t quite
like Jim, of course, nor could he ever hope
to be. Elmer, for all his qualities, missed
it.

LATER, when supper was over—and
such a supper—fried chicken and
thick gravy, creamed potatoes and sweet
potatoes, green peas and salad, hot bis-
cuits and butter and strawberry shortcake
and cream, and coffee such as Dan had
not imagined possible—they sat once more
on the veranda in the soft Californian dark-
ness and talked. And Margie came out
and played pathetic little Mexican songs
on a guitar and sang, while the grasshop-
pers chirped an obligato and the breeze
whispered in the eucalyptus wrees and the
night was sweet with the scent of orange
blossoms and roses.

  Finally the girl said that she must go
indoors and then Elmer drew his chair
near to Dan’s.

  For a long time neither of them spoke.
Dan sat and smoked and pondered in his
mind on life and all that life brought. A

PARTNERS
romance Pgsaapriq

man with a wife as sweet and true and
tender as Margie, should be full of grati-
tude. No wonder Elmer-was ambitious.
Nothing would be too good for such a wife
as his. Was Elmer himself good enough?
Could he appreciate—Dan put the thought
resolutely away from him.

  “You’re a lucky man, Elmer,” he said
finally. “But you deserve your luck.”

  “It’s all for that little woman of mine,”
said Elmer. “Everything. And now—
what am I faced with?” He turned and
leaning over the arm of his chair stared at
Dan in the darkness. “Dan, you ain’t
guessed then, have you?”

  Dan was puzzled.

  “Guessed what?” he said.

  Elmer sighed like a man who has en-
dured to the utmost of his strength.

  “Dan, I’m just about broke.”

  And then Elmer in a low voice told him
the truth. He had money to pay off on
his home and on most of his lots in Brown-
ing; his orchards were mortgaged; the busi-
ness was only beginning to show a profit;
all his spare cash had gone into the build-
ing of his store; his forty acres, even, could
not be his until he had made money enough
to pay off the balance still owing.

  “An’ here I am,” he said, “a millionaire,
maybe, in ten—five years from now, an’
yet wanting twelve hundred the worst way.
If I don’t find twelve hundred by tomorrow
noon, Dan, I just don’t know what will
become of us!”

  “Twelve hundred!” said Dan in bewil-
derment.

  “The balance of twelve hundred. There’s
people owin’ me money an’ won’t pay. And
old man Newsom ses if I don’t come across
by tomorrow—you know what he is, don’t
you?”

  Dan was sorry, but why should Elmer
expect him to help?

  “If I was rich, I’d help yuh,” he said.
“But I ain’t. Old Jim Yardley, my pard-
ner, an’ me come off the desert with a few
hundred dollars between us. I’d let you
have some willing, but it wouldn’t be fair
to old Jim.”

  Elmer agreed. But he hadn’t meant to
suggest borrowing. What he had intended
to imply was that Dan might care to in-
vest some of his money in Browning prop-
erty.

  “It ain’t for my sake that I mind,” con-
tinued Elmer. “But just think of that

poor little wife of mine, trustin’ in me like
she does—what will she think when she

learns that the home’s lost to us-”

  He rose from his chair and walked to
the far end of the veranda. Dan watched
him without moving.

  It made him angry. A man with a wife
as sweet and pretty as his and he went and
deliberately risked her happiness. The
darn fool! And he would break her heart
and make her feel that she cou'.d never be-
lieve in her husband again.

  “Oh, hell!” thought Dan, and was
Margie to be made unhappy for the sake
of a few hundred dollars?

  It was no business of his, of course. He
had Jim—poor old Jim Yardley to think
of—and yet....

  “Elmer,” he called.

  Elmer walked slowly toward him.

  “How much is it yuh want exactly to
make up the balance uh what yuh owe?”
Dan could hear Elmer draw a deep
breath.

  “Seven hundred dollars,” said Elmer In
a strained voice.

“I’ll let yuh have it in the morning/'
‘•Dan,” said Elmer brokenly. “I dunno’
how I can thank you. You’ve put me un-
der a debt that I can’t repay. You’ve
saved me. an’ you’ve saved Margie.”

  Dan felt all at once that he no longer
liked Elmer quite so much as he thought
he did. Elmer was too smooth. There
was something in his manner that rang
false—just a suspicion that he could not
quite shut out. But Elmer was a friend,
and a man mustn’t go back on his friends,
whatever happened.

AND the next morning when Dan came
„ down to breakfast Margie thanked
him for what he had done.

  “Poor Elmer’s been worrying lately,” she
said, “and he wouldn’t let me know. And
last night when he came up-stairs he told
me all about it. Dan, no one could have
done more for a friend than you have.”
And Elmer, the picture of health and
prosperity, big and jolly and well-dressed
and a trifle florid in appearance, added his
thanks, and Dan felt embarrassed and
ashamed of himself and he wished that he
could have givep the money without
Margie knowing from whom it came.

  After breakfast he gave Elmer a bundle
of bills.

BY W. TOWNEND

101
CZS5Z2

ROMANCE

     “Count ’em,” he said.

     Elmer held the wad in his hand.

     “Dan,” he said, “I guess you’re the best
   man that ever lived. We'll go down-town
   presently an’ see about them lots of mine
   you’re goin’ to have.”

     “Forget it, Elmer!” said Dan. “I don’t
. want no lots.”

     “Dan,” said the girl; “Dan. please! If
  you don’t, we can’t take the money.”

     Dan gave in.

    In the course of the morning he went
  with Elmer to the bank where he was given
  the three deeds duly signed and'witnessed
  and stamped.

    “Now, Dan,” said Elmer, with the air
  of one conferring a kindness, “these are
  your deeds. Take great care of them.
  Them lots you bought are as good bar-
  gains as you’re ever likely to get. I'll send
  the titles on just as soon as ever the Trust
  Company lets me have ’em. Mind you
  tell me your address, Dan.”

    Dan felt dissatisfied. Any one would
  have thought that Elmer, instead of being
  indebted to him, had done him a service
  in letting him have three perfectly useless
  lots, which he didn’t want, in exchange for
  seven hundred dollars which he wanted
  very much.

    Dan spoke to Syd Turner, the cashier
  of the Browning State Bank.

     “Syd,” he said, “look after them deeds
  for me, will yuh? Elmer, give the titles to
  Syd when they come. Is that all right,
  Syd? I’m off to the desert again.”

    “What about taxes, Dan?” said the
  cashier. “Are you reckonin’ on bein’ away
  for long?”

     “Years,” said Dan.

     He slapped a couple of bills on to the
  counter.

     “Take these, Syd, an’ pay the taxes with
   ’em.”

    Syd nodded and Dan saw him glance
  curiously over the brass railing at Elmer,
  as if wondering how he had managed to
  dispose of lots so worthless as those he had
  sold.

     “These will pay for the taxes for about
  four years,” he said. “Ain’t that too much,
  Dan?”

“No,” said Dan, “an’ if I ain’t back
here by the end uh four years, I guess I
won’t be back in Browning again, ever.”
He left Browning that afternoon for Los
Angeles.

  “No, Elmer,” he said, “I can’t stay a
minute longer. I arranged to meet Jim
this ev’nin’, an’ I mustn’t fail.”

  He said good-by to Margie on the front
steps of the house.

  “Good-by, Margie,” he said. “If I
hadn’t come in to Browning again, I should
never have known how lucky Elmer was.
I’ve seen you, Margie, an’ I know.”

  The girl gave a happy little laugh.
“Thank you, Dan. I never knew you
could say such pretty things. You’ll come
and see us again soon, won’t you?”

  Dan shook his head. No. On the whole
he did not think that he would. He would
be busy out on the desert.

  “If I’m anywheres near Browning,
though. I’ll come sure.”

  The last impression he had of her—an
impression that was to be with him for
many, many days—was a slender figure in
white standing on the green in front of the
house, waving to him.

  Elmer was grateful.

  “Dan,” he said, “you helped me more
than you know. An’, Dan, if you ever find
yourself in need of a helping hand, a grub-
stake, anything, don’t you forget Elmer G.
Prescott of Browning, California.”

  They shook hands.

  “An’ your address?” said Elmer.

  “Ain’t got one,” said Dan. “I’ll write
first.”

  Mr. Newsom was on the car.

  “What’s this I hear from folks about
you buyin’ some property in Browning?”
he asked.

  Dan, remembering how he had scoffed
at Browning, felt uncomfortable.

  “Guess 1 oughter have bought from you,
hey?” he said.

  Mr. Newsom grinned.

  “Not a bit of it, Dan; but what did you
want to buy them two lots on Third for?
They’re nothin’ but swamp in Winter,
after the rains, an’ the business section is
goin’ to build up right away from where
you bought that other lot—right in the
opposite direction.”

  “Then, I’ve been stung; is that it?” said
Dan.

  “I wouldn’t like to say that, but you
must have been awful eager to buy in
Browning, Dan, to buy so quick.”

  Dan didn't care. They might think him
crazy, if they wanted to, but he had helped
a friend out of a tight place. And he

PARTNERS
R O MANCE

didn’t want the old lols, anyway. He felt
furious with Elmer for having forced them
on to him. What did he want with lots in a
place like Browning?

II

AGAIN and again when prospecting, or
. tramping across the burning flats, or
in some mining-camp with other men for
contrast, it would come over Dan how re-
markable Jim Yardley was. Beneath the
surface roughness, the desert slang, the
dirt and grime, there was another Jim, fond
of the good things that life had to offer
those with money, self-indulgent, perhaps,
a heavy spender, a heavy drinker, but re-
fined and cultured and able to talk on
topics that left Dan dizzy.

  But never had he been quite so aware
of this difference between Jim and all his
other friends as when he met him in Los
Angeles. Jim, in an old shirt and trousers
and broad-brimmed hat, on the desert, was
a very different Jim from this stout, pink,
smooth-faced gentleman in the pale-gray
suit and white collar and tan shoes who
greeted him when he arrived. But not even
clothes could alter Jim’s smile or the af-
fection in his funny goggle eyes or his voice,
or hide the fact that he was worried and
anxious and that later on he would, if left
alone, reveal some indiscretion or some
fresh cause for worry.

  They sat together in the bedroom of the
small hotel that Jim had chosen.

  “Dan,” he said gravely, “you know that
I've got friends in Los Angeles, don’t you?
Well, Dan, as soon as I arrived, I fetched
my box from where I had it stored and put

on my city clothes-”

  “That there’s a new suit,” said Dan,
“anyways.”

  "I know, Dan, I know. But, listen—
Dan, between you an’ me—” Jim hesi-
tated and looked uneasy. “It’s this way.”
“Get a move on,” said Dan.

  And so far he was merely amused, and
th<? thought came to him that he had been
wrong and that Jim was not in the least
like Elmer; he was of the same build, but
Elmer was flabby and soft; Jim was, in
spite of his bulk, as hard as nails, fit and
strong and active. Elmer could never have
swung a seven-pound hammer to save his
life.

  “Dan,” said Jim, “I guess what I’m go-

ing to say will surprize you. I’m goin’
to be married.”

  Dan sprang to his feet.

  “You idiot! You—oh, my Jerusalem!”
“Ain’t you goin’ to congratulate me?”
said Jim.

  “The hell I am!” said Dan. “Lemme
find the girl an’ tell her howr sorry I am
she got herself tied up to you—you big
stiff! Married!”

  Jim shifted his weight from one leg to
the other.

  “Well, Dan, you needn’t be so damned
rude about it. I’m not marrying into your
family, anyhow, thank God!”

  Dan sat on his bed, with his head in his
hands and his elbows on his knees, think-
ing. He saw a picture of himself tramping
across the glaring, sunlit desert with his
three burros, heading for the distant hills,
alone—with no one to talk to or listen to,
no one to help him in the digging. Poor old
Jim! The best partner a man could ever
have. . . .,

  And then he jumped up once more and,
running across the room to Jim, beat him
lightly on both cheeks, rumpled up his hair
and tugged at his tie and called him names
and otherwise showed him that even after
what had happened they were pals still.

  “You ornery, old toad,” he said; “you
old microbe! You go an’ get yourself tied
up to a female girl, do you, without a word?
Jim, shake, I’m sorry I acted mean just
now.”

  They shook hands.

  “All the same,” said Dan, “you don’t ex-
pect me to be terrible happy at the thought
of havin’ to leave yuh behind the next time
I go out into the desert, Jim?”

  Jim’s expression became a shade less
cheery.

  “Dan,” he said, “that’s what I wanted to
tell you. I can’t quit prospectin’—I wish
to God I could, but I just can’t. Dan, I
didn't mean to tell lies, but when I first
met the girl I got to talkin’ big—you know
what it is, don’t you, Dan? And, my
goodness, Dan, how could I let folks I’d
met at a friend’s house think I was nothing
but a desert rat? No, Dan, it couldn’t be
done. I said I was interested in mines—
mines, Dan, not just claims! And, then,
Dan—and it came about so quickly I can’t
understand it now—then, Dan. I found that
1 couldn’t live without her; and something
told me that she couldn’t live without me,

BY W. TO W NEND
ROMANCE

and I asked her to marry me. And, Dan—”
Jim’s voice rose despairingly— “Dan, she
thinks that I’m worth about a million and
a half! ”

  Dan tried to keep his face serious and
failed.

  “It’s all very well for you to laugh, Dan
Summers.” said Jim, “but, see here, son,
it’s life or death to me. What am I to do?
I said I couldn’t get married just yet, I’d
some interests out on the desert I had to
clean up, but I’d come back to Los Angeles
and marry her as soon as I could. An’
now, Dan, I’ve got to get back on to that
dam' desert again an’ find a claim that will
give me the money I want.”

  He looked at Dan with an expression of
hopeless care and anxiety.

  And Dan stared back at him, not know-
ing quite whether he was in earnest in
what lie said or not. Surely—surely, even
old Jim, who was mad enough for most
things, wasn't as mad as all this! Surely
he must realize how impossible it was! He
couldn’t do it! Go out on to the desert and
find a mine rich enough to get married
on! What in thunder was he thinking of?

  “You poor, old Jim!” said Dan. And
he felt more sorry for Jim than he had ever
felt for any one before. The hopelessness
of what he had planned to do appalled him.
“An’ we been lookin’ for that bonanza now
—for how long, Jim? How many years is
it since you an’ me been pardners? Jim,
lad, you’ve done it this time.”

  Jim nodded in deep dejection.

  “You can’t tell me anything I haven’t
told myself, Dan. But there’s gold to be
had out there. Don’t we know it? Others
have made money, damn il, out of pros-
pects we opened up an’ didn’t have capital
enough to develop. Dan, I’ve got a hunch
that luck will turn. I’ve found the right
girl—all I want is the money.”

  And Dan, seated on his bed in the little
room, with the blue sky showing above the
roofs opposite and the breeze flapping the
curtains to and fro and the noise of drays
and trolley-cars coming up from the street,
wondered how Jim, old Jim, should have
been so crazy.

  “Won’t the young lady find out?” he
said suddenly. “Won’t she get to askin’
folks about your mine, Jim?”

  But Jim had managed that, too.

  "No.” he said. “I was careful, Dan. I
made no mistake. I don’t own a big mine,

or anything like that, you see; a mine here
.and a mine there—minin’ stock an’ such-
like. Oh, no, Danny, you needn’t worry
about that at all.” He waited a moment
and then continued. “And you will help
me, Dan, won’t you?”

  “All right, Jim,” said Dan, and he tried,
not unsuccessfully, to put some enthusiasm
into his voice. “We’ll try it. An’ if it’s
possible to win out, why, Jim, I guess we’ll
do it.”

  And then he began to wonder what the
girl looked like and he thought of Elmer
and Margie down at Browning and some of
his gloom faded. After all, why shouldn’t
Jim get married? He was old enough at
any rate. Why not? And if he got a girl
who would be good to him, who would
make him run steady, why what was there
to growl at? Only no second-rater would
be good enough for old Jim. If she was as
good as Margie, why, then, Jim would be
all right.

  “Dan,” said Jim, “I promised the girl
you’d come out tonight and be introduced.”
Dan groaned.

  “I'll come, Jim, uh course.”

   He felt it was the least he could do.

AS DAN followed Jim’s huge bulk up
the path that led to the front door a
sense of awe stole over him. Elmer’s home
which he had considered so grand was a
mere shack compared with this.

  Jim must have read his thoughts.
“Some house, Danny!” he whispered.
“Remember what I told you. Think of
the mines I own!”

  Many times that evening was Dan to be
amazed by his friend. Jim appeared in a
new light, a man at home in society, quite
at his ease in the gorgeously furnished
drawing-room in which they sat. To look
at Jim one might have thought that he had
lived in luxury all his life; his manner was
perfection—yet in two days’ time, old Jim
would be loading burros and frying bacon
and rustling greasewood for a fire, maybe,
and being cursed, perhaps, for a good-for-
nothing old mossback for burning the bis-
cuits. Jim, in an old khaki shirt and blue
overalls with the knees torn, his face black,
bending down, puffing the flickering blaze
of a camp-fire.

  And if Dan was amazed by Jim, he was
still more amazed by Jim’s choice of a
future wife. He felt, for some unknown

PARTNERS
reason, uneasy. It wouldn't do. This was
not the sort of girl to make old Jim happy
—even supposing that Jim had money.
She was handsome, certainly; and yet even
her looks counted against her. Her face
was too hard; her smile seemed to Dan
unreal, her laughter forced. And when he
looked into her eyes he saw something cold
and forbidding.

  “This, Prudence." said Jim, waving his
hand in Dan’s direction, “this is my old
friend, Mr. Summers. Dan, this is Miss
Flood.”

  And Dan, after having shaken hands with
the girl who \yas to marry Jim, seated him-
self on a chair and prayed that the provi-
dence that had guided him for so many
years through trials and troubles would
not desert him now.

  They talked of the theater, dancing,
concerts, religion—Dan found that Jim had
developed a brand-new God out of his inner
consciousness and was bewildered at this
fresh proof of his frier. J’s diversity—
money, the beaches, Californian wines,
French wines, the mountains, the movies,
Paris frocks. New York frocks, London
frocks, jewelry, the cost of this and the
cost of that. Los Angeles as compared with
San Francisco, and Dan listened in amaze-
ment, wondering how old Jim, with his
serious manner, whose conversation with
him was of quartz and porphyry and schist
and granite, veins and orts and outcrops,
hoists and compressor? and stamp mills,
bacon and beer, quarts of beer, and whisky,
gallons of whisky, could hold his own. in
such circles.

  It took a man's breath away.* And al-
ways, whatever the topic, the talk veered
round sooner or later to money—money
was the axis on which Miss Flood's world
turned: and at intervals, when he was least
expecting it, Dan would find Miss Flood
studying him carefully, his features, his
clothes, his shoes, his manner and his voice,
as if pondering in her mind how Jim. with
his air of prosperty and culture, could
have attached himseif to this!

  And at last Dan began to study Miss
Flood surreptitiously, even as Miss Flood
studied him. And he wondered if her ver-
dict of him was as unfavorable as his ver-
dict of her. And Jim went on talking as if
thoroughly enjoying the sound of his own
voice, basking in his glory and the magni-
ficence of the girl he was to marry.

_]

  She was a good-looker, all right. Dan
came to that conclusion unwillingly, but
she wore clothes that had cost too much
money; her jewelry was too extravagant
and he wondered if the tiny spot of color
in each cheek were real and decided not.
And he thought of what old Jim would
look like if Jim had put dabs of pink on
his fat cheeks,and he laughed at the pic-
ture. And then, looking at Jim, lolling
back in his chair, talking—blast him—of
motor-cars and trips to Paris, Dan knew
that there was in the matter of personal
adornment little to choose between them.
Jim’s face was smooth and pink and beau-
tifully shaven and powdered, his hands
were manicured—the old stiff—he had
made the best of his looks, so, too, had the
girl.

  Dan stifled a yawn. What an evening!
  Miss Flood spoke to him.

  “So you’re taking Jim on to the desert
again, .Mr. Summers. You’ll bring him
back soon, won’t you? It’s his duty to
come back to me soon, isn’t it?”

  Her voice was low and soothing and she
almost cOoed at him.

  “Yes'm,” said Dan.

  “Jim has told me that you manage a
good deal of his business for him.” Here
she leaned forward and her eyes, such
cold, blue eyes, looked into his with an
expression that Dan could afterward regard
as being firmness itself. “Mr. Summers.
Jim is quite rich enough for me. I don’t
think he need worry about any more min-
ing properties, do you? He ought to put
some- of his money into industrials—or
securities that are a little more sound.
Don’t you think so? So, please, don’t let
him get interested in any more mines.”
Dan glanced at Jim. There was a look
of entreaty in Jim’s face that begged him
to say nothing but what was in keeping
with what he had heard.

  “I give you my word,” said Dan, “that
just as soon as Jim has cleared up the deal
he's on now, then back he comes to Los
Angeles, an’—I hope that you’ll both be
happy, Miss Flood.”

  Miss Flood condescended to smile. And
then, as if her mind were at rest, she
looked at the ring she wore. Dan looked
at the ring, too—a gold band with a tiny
nugget set in turquoises. It occurred to
him that he had somewhere or other seen a
ring that was exactly similar.

ROMANCE

BY W. TOWNEND
  The door opened and Mrs. Flood entered
the big drawing-room—a stout old lady
with a stern nose and a double chin,
dressed in black silk, and with an air, to
Dan’s notion, of being only a shade less
important in the scheme of things than the
Creator thereof.

  She was overjoyed to see Jim. And why
hadn’t Prudence told her? Also, his friend
Mr. Summers!

  Then Mr. Flood arrived: a rather meek,
silent, little man, not fat like his wife, but
rather lean—friendly, undoubtedly, and
anxious to show some kindness but seem-
ingly not knowing quite how.

  The chatter of voices increased. Jim
talked volubly, as much at home as one of
the family, and Prudence talked and Mrs.
Flood talked. Mr. Flood sidled over to
Dan.

  “Are you going out on to the desert
again?” he asked.

  Dan came to himself.

  “Yes,” he said.

  Mr. Flood sighed.

  “Ah! It’s quiet and peaceful out there,
ain’t it? Not too many folks around?”

  “Why, no,” said Dan. “Not too many.”

  “I’ve been dragged to a concert tonight,”
said Mr. Flood in a whisper. “Singin’ an’
music. And me the only man in the place,
almost. Say, one of these days I’ll kick.
You see if I don’t. Are you glad to be
going back on to the desert?”

  “Am I?” said Dan. “I sure am.”

  Mr. Flood lowered his voice still further.

  “Say, Mr. Summers, you don’t happen
to know if there’d be any chance of—for
me to-”

  “Henry,” said Mrs. Flood, “what are
you whispering to Mr. Summers for?
Bring him over here at once. We’re going
to have some tea.”

WHEN they reached the street and
were on their way back to the hotel,
Jim slid his arm through Dan’s.

  “Dan,” he said, “thank you for playing
up to me. I had to tell her, Dan, just to
explain, that you were my—my business
manager. You understand, Dan, don’t
you?”

  “I understand,” said Dan. “Sure. If
yuh hadn’t said that, she’d have thought
that your friends was purty dam’ mean,
hey? Not up to the standard they oughter

NCE	3

be! But a business manager, well, he don’t

count-”

  But, although Jim said he was quite
wrong and protested vigorously, Dan knew
that he was right. Nor did he blame him.
There was so much else to blame him for,
one lie extra scarcely mattered.

  “She’s fine, ain’t she, Dan?” Jim said
presently.

  “She is,” said Dan.

  And what else could he say? Who was
he to go criticizing his friend’s choice? But
he knew that it was always the same. Men
were pals; they had the same tastes in
everything, until—until there came the day
when one fell in love, and then-—good-by to
everything. He wondered if there had ever
yet been a man who admired the girl that
his friend had married. And then, with a
curious little pang, he remembered Elmer
and Margie. But they were different, of
course. He had known Margie long before
Elmer had.

  “Jim,” said Dan suddenly, “what was
that ring Miss Flood was wearin’?” He
looked at Jim and by the light of an arc
lamp saw his face take on an expression of
gloom. “Ain’t that the one that belonged
to old ‘Pony’ Martin who died out at
Paradise Crossin’?”

  “Dan,” said Jim, “I was going to ex-
plain that. It sounds mean, I know. I
won that ring in a poker game a year ago
off Pony. I didn’t want it, but he made
me take it. And when I got engaged I
had to have a ring, so I thought of that
one and gave it to Prudence the self-same
day.”

  “Pony told me a dance-hall girl in Mo-
have give it him, an’ she got it from-”

  “Dan, it’s the meanest thing I ever done
in my life, and I said the nugget came
from one of my mines, too. But what else
could I do? Dan, when I think how much
money I’ve spent in the past week, I get
scared. I’ve spent like a millionaire since
I last saw you.”

  “Jim,” said Dan, “I done the same.
I got seven hundred bucks taken offen me
this momin’.”

  “Seven hundred! Not poker, Dan! Not
poker!”

  “No, Jim, charity. Or a hold-up mas-
queradin’ as such. I ain’t sure which,
even now.”

PARTNERS
     -- ROMANCE ---

Ill

IT WAS a new Jim who went wander-
ing off once more into the desert—
a Jim who worked steadily, who thought
of nothing but work and what work would
bring. His optimism was amazing. Dan
wondered, as he listened to him talking
of the future, whether the lessons of the
past had taught him nothing. He was
crazy, of course.

  He planned deliberately to find a mine
that would give him a fortune. When he
had his fortune he would marry. He spoke,
too, as if success must come within the
month. Had he no memory? Had he
forgotten the years of failure? And Dan,
feeling that Jim was doomed to disappoint-
ment, liked him all the better for his
faith in his own destiny. He deserved to
win, if only for the very madness of his
scheme. For who in his senses would have
tried what Jim was trying?

  They went out on to the desert north-
east from Herkomer to a claim that they
had located the Spring previous.

  “The stuff's there, ain’t it?” said Jim.

  “Uh course it's there,” said Dan. “The
difficult part is gettin’ it.”

  He felt that it was his duty to keep
this difficulty before Jim's mind continu-
ally, with the effect that after they had
been working for about a week Jim got an-
gry-

  “What’s wrong with you, Dan? The
ore’s there, ain’t it? Why shouldn’t we
get it? Sometime or other it’s got to be
found. What’s gold for if it isn’t for that?
An’, Dan, don't think that we’re out here
to fail! Why should I have met Pru-
dence if it wasn’t meant for me to get
married to her? And how can I get mar-
ried unless J. have money, hey? No, Dan,
there’s the gold here waiting for me.”

  Nothing, would convince him to the
contrary. He had been guided by Provi-
dence to Prudence and the same power
would guide him to gold. Such arguments
were unanswerable. And Dan felt as he
worked all through a blazing-hot September
that there was something fine in Jim's
trust, something that made him want to
do all he could to help him out. His
heart warmed to him. Poor, silly, old Jim!
And it came to Dan clearly that Jim was
£ better man in his old, desert clothes,
working from early morning until dark,

unshaven and unwashed, than when, clean
and manicured and well-dressed, he had sat
drinking tea and lying about his prospects
in the Floods’ home in Los Angeles.

  Weeks went’by and gradually Dan no-
ticed that Jim's spirits were sinking. He
lost his happiness and became gloomy and
care-worn. Sometimes without a word he
would quit working and seat himself on a
pile of rock and, almost as if his thoughts
were miles away, examine piece after piece
of stone through his magnifying glass uutil
all at once he would spring to his feet
and growl at himself for wasting time.

  And then Dan realized that their claim—
the Golden Hope, Jim had christened it—
however good, and it was good, was not
going to make them rich quickly. They
wanted money for development; they
wanted to get some one with capital in-
terested. and that seemed impossible.
Looking back on their months of work,
sinking and timbering the shaft, the fre-
quent assays, the three shipments of ore in
side loads on the burros, and a few miser-
able dollars in return, it seemed incredible
that they could have kept up their hopes
for so long.

  “Jim.” he said, “it’s no good.”

  “I knew it, Dan. I guessed so about
a week ago. It ain’t what we’re lookin’
for. We've not got time enough nor
money enough to play about with it any
longer. No, we must get a move on some-
where else. An’ where do you suggest that
we go, Danny? North, south, east, west—
where?”

  And this was another mystery to Dan.
More than ever, now that Jim was going
to be married, did Jim rely on his judg-
ment. He could do nothing without con-
sulting him. Dan would pull him through.
Dan would lead him to a place where
there was gold. And when Dan asked him
what made him so sure, he would smile
wisely and shake his head and have no
explanation. Even in writing letters to
Prudence he would ask his advice, and
Prudence’s letters to him, fetched from
Herkomer, seven miles away across the
desert, he would read aloud and then wait
for him to make some comment on what
she said.

  Prudence’s letters wer? never cheerful.
Why didn’t Jim come back to Los An-
geles? Why didn’t he hurry? Didn’t he
ever intend to think of their marriage?

B Y W . I O W N E N D
ROMANCE

And after each of these letters Jim would
fret and mope and worry and refuse to
eat.

  And at last when they had been out on
the desert for six months Dan felt that
they must take action if they wished to
dull Prudence’s suspicions that all was
not right.

  ‘•Jim,” he said, “write an’ blame it on
to me. I know she thinks I’m keepin’
you here. You say that I am. What’s
another lie more or less, hey?”

  So a letter was written in which Jim
said that the reason why he had not re-
turned to Los Angeles was that he had
been loo busy. Acting on Dan Summers’
advice he had put money into what would
become one of the l'mest mines in Califor-
nia. At present, returns were not large,
owing to the preliminary work. The mine,
however, was rich. In a short time he
would be getting heavy profits. It would
not be fair to her for him to withdraw
his money and so jeopardize—“Good word,
that!” said Dan—jeopardize her future
prosperity for the sake of advancing their
marriage a month or so.

  In reply a letter came from Prudence
in which she said that she understood and
that if the mine were really good she was
quite content to wait. But why, she asked,
had he put any of his money into any
more ventures after he had lelt Los An-
geles? Why had he listened to that Mr.
Summers? Had he not best take care
how he trusted his advice? Where had
he comc from? Was he reliable?

  They were back in Herkomer when Jim
received this letter.

  "Dan,” he said, “you’ve made it all
right so far as I’m concerned, but that
little girl of mine has got it into her head,
Dan, that you’re up to no good. My
God, Dan, I don’t know what I should
do if you and Prudence were to fall out.”

  Jim fell into a deep gloom that lasted
well on into the evening when he sat down
to a game of black-jack in the saloon.

  For a while Dan stood at the bar drink-
ing and talking, then he went outside and
sat on the sidewalk and looked at the sun-
set and smoked innumerable cigarets and
waited for any train that might pass and
so prove that even Herkojner was in touch
with the outer world. And to Dan it seemed
wonderful to know that the lines of steel
that stretched away east and west would

take him eventually to Chicago or New
Orleans or New York, or to San Francisco
or Los Angeles. And yet, here he was on
the desert, short of cash, with a crazy
partner, looking for a fortune that might
not exist.

  Dan was not given to introspection, but
he pondered then as to the attraction that
the desert life had had for him. Gold had
never seemed to him the one aim of exist-
ence, as it did to some men. He had never
valued money; he spent easily, without
regret; he had never saved. What reason
had he for saving? When he had spent
everything that he had he would go back
into the desert and earn more. And yet even
Dan had his moments of doubt. Why should
he stay out in the desert at all? He was
wasting the best years of his life, and at
twenty-five his youth seemed to be re-
ceding gradually into the past. What was
the spell that the desert had for him? He
was puzzled by his own contradictions.
Was it the wish to possess a fortune so
that he might be able to live in a city for
the rest of his life, or was it the mere
excitement of the search for gold, the gam-
bling instinct, that urged him on?

  There arose sounds of scuffling from the
saloon and some one shouted—

  “Dan, come along an’ take that darn’
pardner uh yours home to bed!”

  Dan strode into the little bar-room lit
by acetylene lamps where, in the open
space between the bar and the pool table.
Jim was rolling over and over in company
with a man from Randsburg, hitting and
kicking and cursing, and neither doing the
other the lea§t damage, while the eight
or nine spectators, Herkomer’s bachelor
population for the time being, stood around
and yelled encouragement.

  “What’s wrong?” said Dan. “What's
that old goat uh mine playin’ at?”

  “Glad carryin’ guns ain’t in fashion,”
said the saloonkeeper. “They was arguin'
an’ then they sailed in.”

  “It begun along uh Garfield not havin’
any money an’ borrowin’ fifty cents offen
Jim to set into the game, an’ now he's
won twenty-five dollars offen Jim, an’ he
ses he paid back the fifty cents. Jim ses
he ain’t.”

  This explanation given by an interested
spectator satisfied Dan. He stooped and
seizing Jim by the collar dragged him oft.
The man from Randsburg rose to his feet

PARTNERS
ROMANCE

and rushed at Jim, roaring in drunken rage.

  Dan slapped him on the face with the
flat of his hand. He staggered and sat
down suddenly with his back to the bar.

  "Lay down an’ keep quiet!” said Dan.
He marched Jim toward the door. “An’
you, you big slob, the best thing you can
do is to cut out the booze. You ain’t fitten
to be left alone for ten minutes.”

  And then he led him off to the hotel
where they were staying and tumbled him
face downward on to his bed.

  He was drunk, of course. The first
time in—Dan thought—the first time for
over a year. He needed watching, old Jim
did. He was like a kid. If things went
wrong, he was sure to drink. He couldn’t
help it.

  And the next morning, when Jim asked
if he had been in any scrap the night be-
fore, as his head was like a buzz-saw, Dan
merely grunted at him.

  “You’ll get right outer here this mornin’,
Jim. You’re a dam’ disgrace to a re-
spectable outfit, quarrellin’ an’ fightin’ last
night like a drunken cowpuncher. I’m
ashamed uh you, I sure am. I done tell
yuh more’n a year ago, Jim, that you’d
have to cut out the drink. I’ll have no
booze-fighter for a pardner.”

  “Sorry, Dan,” said Jim, and he looked
very' penitent. “Don’t happen often, sonny,
an’ life ain’t such a hell of a joke at pres-
ent. is it?” He yawned wearily. “Won’t
happen again, Dan.”

  “Let’s go an’ see old Pete Harman.”
Pete grinned as they entered the store
where one could buy anything that one
might need on the desert, from beans and
bacon and canned goods to overalls, leather
gloves, picks and shovels and drills.

  “Howdy, boys, heard yuh was in town.
Jim, what's this they say about yuh beatin’
up another gent because uh fifty cents. In
my day, no gentleman would have touched
another with his bare fists; fists were good
enough for Chinks an’ greasers. .They-used
guns in my day, Jim.” He shook his head
and winked solemnly. “An’ how’s busi-
ness?”

“We got money,” said Dan, “a little, but
I dunno’, Pete, how long it will last.
What's the show to get a grubstake, Pete?”
Pete plucked at his thin beard and
shoved his glasses on to his forehead.

-Well, Dan, I'm good for a little, any-
ways. You done me a good turn over that

Gold Bug proposition. We got a minin’
man interested, an’ I heard from old Skip-
worth, the Los Angeles hardware man, last
night that he shouldn’t wonder if that mine
ain’t goin’ to be a real big thing.”

  Later, when they reached the open once
more, Jim laughed.

  “It makes me want to sit down and cry,
Dan. That damned old Gold Bug, an’ we
sold it—for next to nothing.”

  “Ain’t no use kickin’, Jim,” said Dan.
“We hadn’t money enough to develop it,
an’ if we hadn’t -sold, you’d never have
gone into Los Angeles an’ had a good time
an’ met Miss Flood. An’, Jim, there’s
as much gold in the desert as ever come out
of it. So cheer up, an’ let’s see that smile
uh yours.”

  That night they camped in a little gully
in the side of the hills about eight or
nine miles from Herkomer.

  About two in the morning Dan woke up
and saw that Jim was missing. Feeling
uneasy he rolled out of his blankets and
left the tent. A cold wind blew through
the sage-brush and cactus and the full
moon, casting its silver light on the desert,
made it as easy to see as in daytime.

  Jim was standing by himself on a bare
patch of ground, gazing out across the grad-
ual descent of the desert to where miles
away some tiny specks of light marked the
progress of a train.

  Jim did not move as he drew near.
  “What’s the matter, Jim?”

  “Dan, I can’t sleep. It just come over
me sudden—all this.” He waved his hand
around in a circle. "This damned desert
an’ the hills an’ sky an’ moon, an’
no houses nor lamps, nor policemen, nor
streets—nothin’ but desert. Good God!
Dan, don’t you ever get like this? Dan,
it’s breakin’ my heart. I’m not as young
as I used to be, Dan. I’m forty-one next
month, useless an’ worn-out an’ tired. An’
here we are startin’ off on another trip.
Why? Was I mad, Dan? Couldn’t I sec
the whole thing was hopeless? And the
girl’s waitin’ an’ trustin’—Dan, where’s
the end of it all?”

  “Now see here, Jim,” said Dan grimly,
"you gotter stop this kind uh bunk. Don't
the girl love yuh? Don’t she know that
you’re doin’ your best? All right, then,
she’d wait ’till yuh was sixty, if needs be.
You go an’ turn in an’ be sensible.”

  “All right, Dan,” said Jim. “But, then,

BY W. TOWNEND
I	R O M ANCE L —

you don't know what bein’ in love is. Wait
till you can’t marry the girl you want, Dan,
an’ you’ll know what hell is.”

  For a long while Dan lay awake and
thought. He wondered if Prudence would
wait. Was she that kind? The kind that
would wait—year after year. Poor old
Jim! And then, very sleepily, Dan thought
of Jim, rich, and the girl he was going to
marry, and Mr. Flood, and Elmer who was,
in that strange, far-off way, like Jim, and
Margie who had married Elmer—and then
he remembered what Jim had said—wait
till he couldn’t marry the girl he wanted
.an’ he’d know what hell was. Nobody
knew, not even Margie, and then as he
dropped off to sleep he felt that life was
a very mixed-up kind of affair, badly run
on the part of the higher authorities of
Heaven.

IV

IN THE months that followed Jim
seemed to abandon all hope. Yet
when Dan asked him if he would give up
the search, he grew angry. Why should
Dan think him a quitter?

   He settled down to a state of perpetual
gloom. He was no longer the old Jim,
light-hearted and cheerful and talkative,
but silent and moody and likely to take
offense for no reason. Also, and this was
to Dan the final straw, he began to drink
heavily. Even on the desert it was im-
possible to avoid the small towns that were
strung along the railroad; there were sup-
plies to be purchased, food and ammuni-
tion, and, from Jim’s point of view most
important of all, letters to be fetched, let-
ters addressed to Herkomer and forwarded
on to other small desert towns near which
they might chance to be.

  And whenever they touched these out-
skirts of civilization, Jim would get drunk.
He was not quarrelsome; he was not amus-
ing; he was merely stupid. And even when
they once more went out into the desert,
often a day or two late owing to his being
unable to move sooner, he would insist
on having a supply of whisky with him.

  Argument was useless. He would prom-
ise faithfully, and then the next time he
found a letter from Prudence waiting for
him he would slink off to the nearest saloon
and drink and drink, until Dan would
find him in a drunken slumber slouching

over a table, or, as often happened, sprawl-
ing helplessly in the dust of the street, un-
able to stand. And yet in spite of his
drinking he kept talking of the need to
work: they must make haste and find the
gold. Prudence was waiting and they had
been away from her quite long enough.

  Many times Dan thought seriously of
leaving him. He was hopeless, worse than
any hobo.

  They reached Herkomer one evening in
November and as they sat at supper in the
little thirty-five cent Chinese restaurant
Dan spoke of the future.

  “I’m gettin’ tired uh yuh, Jim Yardley.
I’ve stood by you an’ you ain’t give me a
square deal. I’ve been tryin’ to help you
all I can, but yuh don’t care—darn it!
Yuh don’t give a cuss. I don’t count. All
yuh care about is your belly'- an’ booze. I
tell yuh. Jim, right now, if yuh don’t cut
it out, I quit. You’re gettin’ soft an’
flabby an’ mean; you’re ready to let me
work, an’ you—you just drink an’ fret an’
talk about why can’t yuh get married, an’
what bad luck you’re havin’, an’ then you’re
so full uh your own troubles, you just get
to drinkin’ again. Why, damn it, go
over there an’ look at your ugly face in
the glass! You look like hell, Jim; you
sure do. An’ you got to quit! I’m tellin’
yuh this, Jim, for your own good as much
as anything. It’s got you, an’ what’s more
you can’t even carry the stuff—not like
most fellers. If I couldn’t take a few
drinks without lettin’ the booze do to me
what it does to you, I’d climb on the water-
wagon an’ stay there. I’m warnin’ you
for the last time, Jim. Cut it out, or you
get another pardner.”

  Jim was very penitent.

  “I’m sorry, Dan. Dan, I just don’t
know how to explain—I’ve been mad, I
guess. It’s the worry an’ the fear that
we won’t make good, an’ the difficulty of
explainin’ to Prudence, that’s made me like
this.” He stretched out his hand. “Look,
Dan, look at it shaking—I’m goin’ the
same way as I went before.” He looked at
Dan quickly. “You don’t remember that,
of course, Dan. That was before I came
out here. Dan, I’m quitting right now.”

  That night he was drinking again. Dan
went over to him in the saloon.

  “You poor fool! Go your own way,
then. I’m through with yuh.”

  Jim looked at him with glazed eyes.

170

PARTNERS
R O MA MCE

  “Y-yesh, Dan—sher-nly—g-go m'yown
way—shure.” He frowned as if trying to
remember what came next. “A d-drink,
Dan—b-b’fore y-you—go, Danny, hey?”
About midnight Dan was awakened by
heavy footsteps in the passage. The door
of his room was opened.

  “You awake, Dan?”

  “Who's there?” he asked, sitting up in
bed.

  A man struck a match and lit the candle.
“We’ve got old Jim outside, Dan. Shall
we bring him in? He seems purty dam’
bad. Joe an’ me found him in the street.’’
They put him on the bed and he lay on
his back, breathing heavily, with no color
in his face and his eyes closed.

  “Drink gets ’em like that, don’t it?” said
one of the men who was none too sober
himself. “Do yuh remember old Pony
Martin bein’ just like this before he peg-
ged out?”

  “You get to hell out of it!” said Dan
furiously. “What the devil are yuh talkin’
that ways for? Here, one uh you go over
to the depot an’ get Harry to send a mes-
sage through to Barstow for a doctor. Old
Jim’s bad. I can’t feel his heart hardlv
at all.”

  A week later Jim was well enough to
be able to sit up and talk.

  "Jim,” said Dan,- “you’re goin’ down
to the coast. That’s what you’re goin’
to do, an’ dam’ sharp.”

  “Dan, I can’t. I’m not goin’ to leave
you. I’m so ashamed of myself an’ so
miserable, Dan, I don’t know how to begin
sayin’ what I feel. You’ve shown me, Dan,

what-”

  “Cut it out!” ordered Dan. “The doc-
tor man says you got to get away from the
desert for six months. It’s the coast for
you, old scout, an’ no more booze. Other-
wise-”

  “Does that mean Los Angeles?” said Jim
with a faint hope showing in his expres-
sion.

  “No.” Dan was firm. “You won’t have
no rest an’ quiet there; what’s more yuh
ain’t got money enough. You go down
south—San Diego way. Find some little
ranch town near .the ocean an’ stop over
till you’re well.”

  “Where’s the money coming from, Dan?

It’s going to cost something an’-”

  "Don’t let that worry you, Jim. I’ve
money left to start you off with, an’ I’ll let

you have enough every week to live on.
An’ if you go near Los Angeles, I won’t
have no more to do with yuh. Any letters
yuh want to send Miss Flood, send ’em to
me first, an’ I’ll post ’eth on. An’ if yuh
want her to think that you’re movin’
around, send ’em to me, an’ I’ll get the
train-men to post ’em on from way up in
Nevada. We got to do something, Jim,
or maybe the girl’s folks will begin fo
kick. An’ we’ve been keepin’ her waitin’
now, Jim, about fifteen months, ain’t it?
We must keep on stallin’, that's all.”

  And that settled that. Jim wrote a week
later, saying that he had kept his word
and had not stopped off at Los Angeles.
He was staying at a little place called
Nogal, south of San Diego, near the Bay,
where there were lemon orchards, and
palms and packing-houses.

  For five weary months Dan worked in
a mine in the hills, earning, as he put it.
good money, most of which he sent on to
Jim. And toward the end of April he
heard that Jim was coming back to the
desert. They arranged to meet at Herko-
mer.

  Dan surveyed him critically when he
arrived. He looked brown and well, but
there were fresh lines in his face; his eyes
had a hunted expression; he seemed older.
Yet in spite of everything he was ready
and willing to continue his search for gold.

  He had liked Nogal, but, so he said, he
wanted to get back to work.

  “I can’t say that I’m glad to be out on
the desert again, Dan. I’m not. But we’ve
got to get hold of that mine. Dan, how
much longer are we goin’ to be, hey? It’s
a year and eight months now, Dan, since
we started in to look for that fortune of
mine. Is it any nearer? Sometimes I think
it’s hopeless to try any longer, an’ then—
then I think of Prudence an’ I know we’ve
just got to keep on an’ keep on. But I
can’t last out much longer, Dan.”

  “Got any money?” asked Dan.

  Jim shook his head.

  “No, Dan, I guess I spent all you sent
me. An’ I didn’t spend it on drink,
either.”

  They went to see Peter Harman in his
store.

  “Well, Jim, how goes it? Better! That’s
fine. Dan, you’re lookin’ white. That’s from
workin’ underground, hey? WTiat are yuh
goin’ to do now?”

BY W. TOWNEND
  “Same old game, Peter. Out into the
desert again.”

  “Why didn’t yuh come an’ ask me to
help yuh, Dan, when Jim got ill, instead
uh dashin’ off that-a-ways?”

  Dan smiled at the old man.

  “Savin’ it up, Pete. I knew when Jim
come out we’d be lookin’ about for a grub-
stake. Any hopes?”

' “You boys always acted square by me,”
said Pete. “An’ I’ll act square by you.
I seen Mr. Skipworth in Los Angeles two
weeks ago an’ he ses the old Gold Bug
is a-goin’ ahead to beat the band. I got
hopes uh retiring purty soon, Dan, an’
buyin’ me an orchard.”

  Not until they were once more trudging
across the desert a day later did Jim men-
tion that he had seen Prudence.

  “I just had to, Dan. I stayed over in
Lcs Angeles after I left Nogal. You’re
not mad with me, are you, Dan?”

  Dan glanced at him quickly.

  “I ain’t mad, Jim, uh course not. What
did yuh tell her?”

  “I told more lies in those two days,
Dan,” said Jim, “than I ever told in my
life before. Dan, she thinks it’s you. She
says I shouldn’t have trusted you. An’,
Dan, Mrs. Flood says the same. She told
me I ought to have put my money into
something safe the minute I got engaged
to her daughter. I dunno’, Dan, but that
('Id lady didn’t give me much peace. She
said she thought you oughter be in the
pen an’ that I was crazy for not seein’
through you.”

  “An’ Mr. Flood?”

  “Say, Dan, I’m sorry for that little guy.
Said he wished he could come out on to
the desert and see you. But his wife put
the kibosh on that pretty quick. And,
Dan, they don’t believe I ever had any
money. Yet, they’re not sure. See! Mrs.
Flood said that her husband had been
makin’ inquiries an’ that no one had ever
heard of me. An’ Dan, though I stuck to
that darned story of yours, that my money
is tied up an’ I can’t get it without losin’
heavy, the long an’ the short of it is, I’ve
got to show ’em the goods.”

  Dan grunted.

  “An’ Miss Flood?”

  Jim's gloom lightened, and he became
almost animated and enthusiastic.

  “Dan, she’s splendid. Dan, I never knew
how splendid she was till I saw her again.

You couldn’t ask a girl like that to live
in a rooming-house an’ do her own cookin’.
She’s been brought up to luxury. I told
her that I wasn’t goin’ to injure her pros-
pects by takin’ all my money out of where
it was, just because her mother was tired'
of waiting. Oh, I was firm all right! Dan,
I was firm as a rock. But it was touch
an’ go. They think I’m—well, I dunno’—
rich an’ eccentric, I guess, would about
explain their feelings.” He sighed drearily.
“Poor little girl! She’s so tired of living
at home, she ses; she wants to be married
and have a home of her own. An’, Dan, I
dunno’, but it never did seem so hopeless
an’ mad as it does this minute.”

  Dan sympathized. Poor old Jim. Mad,
of course it was mad! Try as he might,
Dan could not foresee anything but fail-
ure; more lies, more stalling, and some day,
the inevitable exposure. It was a miracle
that they had held on as long as they had.

  For three months they prospected around
some hills where rumor had it there was
a mine that had been discovered and lost
in the far off ’80’s, the Rainbow. Some
of the assays were good, but in no way
wonderful. One claim that promised well,
petered out, but they ran a tunnel into
a hillside and managed to make a ship-
ment of ore by wagon before they knew
that once again they were disappointed.

  “It’s good,” said Dan, “with machinery
and capital, an’ a spur track across the
desert to the railroad, it would pay for
workin’,. but—” He paused and thought
hard. “Jim, lad, we’d better try again.”

  Jim sat at the mouth of the tunnel and
stared at the desert spread out before them.

  “There’s a heap of land I can see from
here, Dan, that we’ve not dug into yet.
Let’s keep on a-goin’.” He gave Dan a
searching look. “Dan, you’re not tired,
are you?”

  “I’m with you, Jim, just as long as you
want me.”

  And Dan felt strangely tender toward
his partner. He was so big and helpless,
so trusting and so confident. They would
go on once more and in some other spot
they would search for the mine that was
waiting for them. And supposing that the
years went by and they failed, as others
had failed, men who had gone out as full
of hope and dreams as old Jim!

  And then Dan wondered what would hap-
pen if Jim decided to give up! What would

PARTNERS
SvJ

ROMANCE

he do? Dan broke off his musings and
looked across at Jim, still staring at the
desert as if brooding darkly on his fate.
What would he do if he lost his partner?
Would he still keep on with his prospect-
ing? What else could he do?

  It was August again, two years since
they had begun their search, and the sun
scorched down on them with furnace heat.

  Dan wiped his forehead.

  “Jim,” he said, “wake up, old timer!
We’d better be packin' out uh this. Let’s
try somewheres further east.”

DAN looked at the little particles of
gold that glittered in the bottom of
the pan. For a time he dared not speak.
Was it possible that now—at last—they
had found what they were looking for? It
was possible, of course, but not probable.
Other pannings had given him color, but
never—never before had he got results
like this. The rock was rich, richer than
anything he had seen in all his long years
of the desert. The little specks that caught
the sun were all the proof he needed.

  He stared at the great masses of red
porphyry rising from where he stood toward
the crest of the hill, barren and forbidding
in the glare of the sun; then he turned
and let his gaze wander over the gray mo-
notony of the desert, undulating, covered
with huge rocks and boulders, with here
and there patches of greasewood and squaw-
berry, a sea frozen into immobility, stretch-
ing away as far as he could see to the dis-
tant hills, range upon range, to where far
off and faint against the blue sky, incredi-
bly clear in that calm atmosphere, was a
tiny spur which he knew was Signal Peak,
near Death Valley.

  And was this the place where they were
to find their fortune?

  Jim came slouching wearily toward him.

  He roused himself.

  “Jim,” he called. “Here.”

  “Well!” said Jim.

  “What do yuh know about this, hey?”

  On othereoccasions during the past two
years, Jim had burst into yells of delight,
had danced and song and thrown his hat
into the air; he had shown his delight in
wild transports; he had chanted extrava-
gant praises. But now—now, when he saw
before him evidences of gold in greater

quantity than he had seen before, now he
merely nodded his head and said under his
breath: “My God! and is this it?" He
seemed like a man so utterly tired that
nothing would rouse him. Yet Dan knew
that Jim’s feelings were too great for mere
outwarjl display. His luck had turned.
“It’s come at last, Dan,” said Jim.

  “It’s come at last,” said Dan.

  “Dan,” said Jim, “we’ll call it the Pru-
dence. Shall we?”

  “Sure thing,” said Dan. “Call it the
Prudence, Jim, if yuh want to. It don’t
look no diff’rent from any other place we
tried in the last two years, does it? An’
yet—Jim, if I ain’t deluded myself—this
is the richest thing the desert’s seen since
the Nevada booms.”

  “My God!” said Jim. “If it only was.
If it only was.”

  Dan roused himself.

  “Let’s get busy, Jim. We got to stake
out them boundaries before anything else.”

A MONTH later Dan felt that his ex-
expectations were to be fulfilled.
When he had entered the saloon at Herko-
mer on his way to file his location claim he
had been asked how things were going.

  “Anything in view, Dan? Another bo-
nanza?”

  Every one laughed. Dan’s bonanzas
were notorious. Dan laughed himself.

  “Another bonanza,” he said solemnly,
and he went out chuckling.

  No one believed him, of course. But
they little knew.

  The assayer’s reports ran into figures
that made him open his eyes very wide, in-
deed, and shout uproariously at Jim, but
Jim merely shook his head.

  “Why don’t you show some enthusiasm?”
said Dan sourly. “You old cripple! Why
don’t yuh shout? Don’t yuh know that
this little old Prudence mine uh yours is
the biggest thing in the way uh high-grade
ore south uh Tonopah ? ”

  “I dare say, Dan—I hope so, anyway.
But somehow, Dan, I ain’t got a shout
or a laugh left in me. We can’t be sure,
can we, Dan, even now, that something
ain’t going wrong?”

  “What more do yuh want? You’ve got
a mine there, Jim, that ’ull make a mil-
lionaire uh you. I wonder what the Selby
smelter ’ud show—hey? Jim, before an-
other year’s out, lad, you’ll be drivin’

BY W. TOWNEND

'73
ROMANCE [

around in your own auto an’ askin’ your-
self if yuh ever was on the desert or if
you dreamed it.”

  “That’s just it,” said Jim. “I don’t see
how it’s goin’ to be done in less than a
year. There’s a lot uh things I never

thought of, Dan, when we started^-”

  “Shucks! You’ll have enough to get
married on in less time than all that,” said
Dan. “Don’t yuh get to worryin’, Jim.
We’ve got what we been aimin’ at, at last.
An’ now let’s get on with that shaft of
ours.”

  That evening Dan looked up from the
calculations that he had been making 011
the back of an envelope.

  “Jim,” he said. “Lookee here. Some-
body’s got to take three uh the burros an’
trot down to Herkomer tomorrer. Would
you like the trip?”

  “I don’t mind if I do, Dan. I’m ex-
pectin’ a letter from Prudence an’ I might
as well fetch it. An’ what else, Dan? I
guess we’re short of a lot of things, hey?”
“Jim, yuh gotter go to old man Har-
man an’ ask will he fix us up with some
grub an’ ammunition. We’re short, I’m
not denyin’ it. Tell Peter in confidence,
kind uh, that we got a crackerjack proposi-
tion out here. Don’t lay it on too thick,
Jim, as we don’t want him or any uh his
bunch hornin’ in on us yet—if ever. An’
you say that we’ll be makin’ a shipment
purty soon. We need timber, too. Jim,
you see what yuh can do with old Peter
about gettin’ some timber sent out. Just
whisper in his ear that you an’ me ain’t
gettin’ nothin’ outer the old Gold Bug mine
that we sold—an’ he’ll come through with
the goods without worryin’.”

  Early the next morning Jim departed
with three burros for Herkomer, twelve
miles away, northwest of where the Pru-
dence mine was located.

  Dan watched him go striding across the
bare desert after his burros, swinging along
as if he had thrown aside a weight that
had bowed him down. He was happy, Dan
knew, happy and yet scarcely able to real-
ize that happiness was within his reach.
After two years, the gamble was justified.
And what a gamble! The odds against
. . . Dan flipped a piece of shale at a
bull snake.

  “A thousand million to one, old worm,
ain’t it?”

  And the future. . . He wondered.

  From where he sat he could see in his
mind mine buildings, the dump, the ore
bins the dump cars, the chute, the bunk-
houses, assay ' office, blacksmith’s, the
cook-house, the railroad track winding
across the desert following the trail that
Jim had taken on his way to Herkomer,
and there would be work and prosperity,
and the papers would be full of quota-
tions of the Prudence stock, and he and
Jim would be rich, and Jim would be mar-
ried . . . and this brought Dan up with a
jerk. Old Jim married to Prudence and
settling down to a life in a city with all
the comforts that wealth could buy, and
a wife who would spend his money . . .
and maybe neglect him and let him drift.

  And then Dan, not quite so cheerful as
before, strolled off up the slope to the
hole in the ground which would soon, very
soon now, become a mine.

TWO evenings later Jim returned. When
he was yet afar off Dan saw him ap-
proaching, walking behind the three burros
in a cloud of dust. Dan whistling to him-
self put the coffee-pot on to the fire and
began to prepare supper.

  He waved his hat and gave a yell of
welcome as Jim came toward him over the
last hundred yards. And then he stopped,
startled. There was no response from Jim.
He tramped forward steadily, his head
downcast, his shoulders bowed—his whole
appearance betokening gloom. Also, and
this was to Dan something that was beyond
all explanation, the burros were not loaded.

  When he was quite close to the tent .
•and the fire in its little niche between
the rocks, Dan spoke to him.

  “What’s wrong with yuh, Jim?”

  Jim’s looks frightened him. His face
was gray and ghostlike under its mask of
dust; his eyes were bloodshot; his lips were
swollen and drawn back from his teeth: he
breathed with an effort. Also, he had been
drinking, and drinking since he had left
Herkomer.

  “Jim,” said Dan slowly, “what’s the mat-
ter with yuh?”

  “Nothing much, Dan. I’ll ffcll you pres-
ently. I’ve got to see after them burros.”
“Burros, nothin’! I’ll see after them
You’re all in. Set down an’ rest.”

  Jim dropped on to a boulder and sat
with his head in his hands without moving,
the picture of hopeless despair. Dan was

PARTNERS
ROMANCE

worried, but he said nothing. In good time,
when he felt better, Jim would tell him
what had happened. But in the meantime
why was it that he had come in from Her-
komer without stores? Did he expect them
to manage without grub or ammunition?

  Jim’s hand strayed to his hip-pocket.
Dan jumped to his feel and strode toward
him.

  “None uh that,” he said. “Pass over
that damn’ bottle.”

   Their eyes fought.

  “Come on,” said Dan. “Do as I say.
Understand!”

   Jim muttered something under his breath
and then after a few seconds indecision
passed him over a flat bottle.

  "Dan, for God’s sake, Dan! Don’t throw
it away! Keep it, Dan, an’ maybe I'll

need it. I’m sick, Dan-”

  “You’ll be a dam’ sight sicker before
I've finished,” said Dan. He threw the
bottle against a stone and watched the
liquor soak into the sand. “Now, then,
what the hell do yuh mean by cornin’ back
the way yuh are? I warned yuh before—
an’ you know what the doctor said, Jim.
Are yuh plum’ crazy?”

  “Dan,” said Jim suddenly, and he
seemed too broken to show any resentment.
“Dan, it’s all up. Everything, We can’t
make it.” He drew a letter from the breast-
pocket, of his shirt. “Read this. It’s from
Prudence.”

  There was in his face an expression of
dumb, helpless suffering that Dan did not
like.

   The letter began:

DEAR JIM:

   Father says I must write to you and tell you
that our engagement has lasted long enough. I
have waited now for two years and you have
kept giving me excuses as to why our marriage
should be postponed. Have you been telling me
things that arc not true? A friend of father's,
a Mr. Skipworth, told us that you have been
prospecting on the desert for years without suc-
cess. You did have a claim, he says, which you
sold to him and some friends to develop. Mr.
Skipworth sold some stock in this mine, the
Gold Bug, to father. He says that you are not
rich at all. Is this true? Are you or are you
not rich? I must know this at once. I feel
that you have ncglccted me and been most un-
fair. It is not that I care for money myself,
but I think that the time has come for plain
speaking. Father tells me to tell you that if
you can not, within the next two months, prove
to us that you have an income on which to sup-
port a wife in comfort, then I must do as they

have urged me to do for some years and marry
some one else. And although my heart is break-
ing at the prospect, I feel that I must obey.

Ever yours with all love,

PRUDENCE.

  P. S.—Mr. Skipworth says that you never
did own a big mine in your life. He knows the
desert well and he says that he would have heard
about the mine if it had existed—I mean that
mine in which that Mr. Summers told you to
put so much money. But then he says also
that it might possibly be something that had
been kept a secret from every one. And he says
also that he may be mistaken about you being
poor. What am I to think?

  Dan whistled softly. He glanced at-Jim,
seated in the same attitude of despair.
Had he guessed? Did he nol realize the
truth? Prudence was tired—and he was
not surprized. After all, old Jim had kept
her waiting for two years. But what were
two years if a girl loved a man? She didn’t;
that was plain. She would give him up,
poor old Jim, unless he proved that he had
the money. And a durned good job, too!
A girl who could write a letter like that
wasn’t a fit wife for a man as good as old
Jim. And then Dan remembered the Pru-
dence Mine, and its possibilities, its cer-
tainty of success, and he knew that Jim
had the money at last, and he felt depressed
and sad and uneasy. Jim turned and
looked at him.

  “Well, Dan,” he said. “You’ve read
it, haven’t you? She told me that she her-
self didn’t care whether we had money or
not. But it’s her people. They made her
write, and they’ll make her marry some
other feller. Dan, you know yourself, I
couldn’t drag that poor girl out here.
We’re up against it, Dan, unable to do a
thing!”

  “What’s the matter with the Prudence
Mine? We’ve .t two months, ain’t we,
Jim, on the letter’s own showin’?”

  Jim rose to his feet with a groan.

  “Damn it! What’s two months to us?
We’ve no ammunition, no grub, no timber,
nothin’. We’re broke, busted. Why, Dan,
we can’t even go ahead with that shaft.
Timber don’t grow on the Mohave, does it?
We couldn’t make any shipments of ore.
We can’t even eat, let alone develop. Dan.
we haven’t got money enough to keep us
out here another week, an’ you know it.’'

  “But,” said Dan feebly, “what about old
Pete?”

  Jim burst into a hoarse cackle of laugh-
ter.

BY W. TOWNEND

175
] ROMANCE t

  “Oh, my God! Dan, didn’t I tell you?
Old man Pete wouldn’t give me a can of
tomatoes, even, only a few beans an’ cof-
fee. Didn’t you see those burros without
a load? Pete ses he ain’t a charitable in-
stitution for keepin’ you an’ me out here
in comfort. We’ll get no grubstake from
him, Dan, an’ that’s a fact.”

  Dan stared at his partner in dumb sur-
prize.

  “Ain’t he got the Gold Bug? Him an’
his partners, an’ we ain’t got nothin’.”
“The Gold Bug,” said Jim, “is flat—as
flat as my old face. I couldn’t get to
understand rightly what had happened,
Dan, but it looked mighty queer to me.
Some of the bunch got out without losing,
but Peter got stung and he’s like a bear
with a sore head. He says if he meets that
Skipworth person there’ll be something do-
ing.”

  “Oh! said Dan. “So that’s it, is it!”
fte laughed dryly. “Old Pete, hey? There’s
the Prudence just as good as ever it was,
old Pete or no old Pete; don’t forget that,
Jim.”

  “What’s the use?” said Jim in a tired
tone. “Dan, the game’s up. Dan, you
know as well as I do, better, that we can't
go ahead an’ develop an’ -get capital in-
terested without money ourselves. I know
it’s good, amazing good, an’ that makes
things worse. Dan, you knew I was crazy
two years ago, thinking I was going to pick
up a fortune all in a minute, didn’t you?”
“Maybe I did," said Dan. “But, Jim,
others made fortunes, why not us? An’

anyways-”

  He broke off and began to think. Money
he must have if he were to be able to help
old Jim, and where was money to be
found? Was there any one in the whole
world who would advance him what they
needed? And then there flashed into his
mind, suddenly, a ray of hope. Elmer—
Elmer Prescott, with all his prosperity, his
land and houses and orchards and stores.
He had helped Elmer. Elmer would
help him. He gave a laugh. Things were
working out.

  “Jim,” he said, “if in two months from
now you could go 10 Miss Flood and Mrs.
Flood an’ show them your assays an’ the
reports from the smelter an’ the minin’
engineer’s report an’ the names uh the
bunch you’d interested in the mine,
wouldn’t they give yuh more than the two

months? Money talks, Jim. Wouldn’t they
listen? Seems to me, Jim, that we’ll
pull it off even now!”

   “We can’t live on nothin’, Dan. Where’s
the money coming from? An’ we don’t
want to sell the old mine, same as we
sold the Gold Bug, to some piker who’ll
give us enough to buy hash with an’ in-
side a year be hirin’ a suite at the Fair-
mont for his wife an’ kids. No, Danny,
I don’t see anything but you an’ me pullin’
out an’ gettin’ a job somewhere in a mine.
Oh, Lord! Dan, it ’ull just about kill me.
An’ then—even then, Dan, it ’ull be too
late. If Prudence don’t marry me, Dan, if
she marries some one else, then the darn
mine may go to Jericho, an’ stay there—
I’m through.”

  “Jim,” said Dan, “do yuh remember
that time I went to Browning two years
ago an’ give away seven hundred bucks?
Well, the feller that got the seven hun-
dred offen me ’ull see us through. He’ll
stake us to what we want.”

   “Dan,” said Jim brokenly, “Dan, you’re
just a wonder! I dunno’ why I ever
doubted you.”

   “I’ll go to Browning an’ see him,” said
Dan, “an’ I’ll come back with the money
just as quick as ever I can get here. An’
what about you, Jim, if yuh go into Her-
komer, can I trust yuh? Or are yuh goin’
to get on the razzle again?”

  Jim reddened under the grime and
sweat.

   “For God’s sake, Pan, give me a chance!
Wasn’t that letter enough to make a man
drink? I won’t touch a drop, Dan, till you
come back, an’ that’s the truth.”

  “What in the world will yuh do when
yuh get all that money, Jim, an’ don’t have
to work?”

   “It’s only the dam’ desert that makes
me drink, Dan. Once I gel away from here
—Lord Almighty!” He breathed deeply.
“What will I want to drink for, hey? 1
only go on the jag when I’m worried an’
things go wrong—why, there’ll be Pru-
dence, Dan, too. Would a man go on the
booze with a wife like Prudence an’ a
good home?”

   “Not unless he’s about eight diff’rent
kinds of a dam’ fool, he wouldn’t!” said
Dan.

   For some minutes Jim seemed to be lost
in thought. Then he stood up and looked
down at Dan.

P A R I N E R S
  “Danny, when I’m married, I want you
to promise you’ll come an’ live with us.
I’ve been thinking. Dan, that life ’ud be
pretty dam’ miserable unless I knew you
were handy. Prudence may be a bit pre-
judiced. Dan, for the time bein’, but she’ll
get to like you, Dan, as sure as you
live.”

  Dan laughed and said nothing. But he
wondered uneasily what Jim’s married life
would be. To Jim. Prudence was the fin-
est and best woman that ever lived, and yet
. . . there was that letter. She wanted his
money, nothing else. If Jim were poor, she
would turn him down flat. And Jim was
aching with love for her . . . Poor, silly,
weak-minded old Jim! The best old moss-
back that ever hiked across the desert after
a burro . . . and a girl like that waiting
to grab him and worry him and drive him
to drinking. . . -

VI

WHEN Dan reached Browning he
found that the Browning of two
years ago had vanished. Browning’s busi-
ness section had, when he last stood in
the main street, no more than six or seven
buildings. Now both sides of the street
were lined with stores—some cement, some
wood, one with a brick front. The street
was no longer dusty and uneven and ill-
kept, but of smooth asphalt. The open
spaces where he remembered having seen
the vacant lots with the notice boards, were
all built on; there was a new church;
houses had sprung up on every side in the
midst of gardens and lawns. And on the
brown and parched foothills beyond the
green orchards, were huge oil derricks.

   Dan halted on a street corner and gazed
about him. The bank was now a square,
substantial building of cement. Opposite
was old Newsom's office, unchanged save
perhaps for a new coat of paint and some
specimens of Browning grown fruit, lemons
and oranges and apricots and peaches in
the window. From where he stood Dan
could see a butcher's, a bakery, a paint
store, a restaurant, two new grocery stores,
a harness maker’s, a picture theater, no
less than one, two, three real-estate offices.

   A wagon, drawn by two mules, pulled up
by the curb. The driver, a stout, bearded
man, whom he did not know, gave the reins
to a lad who sat by his side.

0

   "Take these, an’ drive to the packin’-
 house.” Then he climbed down from the
 seat. “Ain’t you Dan Summers? I
 thought so. My name’s Harvey. I bought
 the old Gregson place. Mr. Summers, I
 want to know if you’ll give me the first
 refusal for them lots of yours. I guess
 that’s what you came in for, hey?”

   Dan stared at him without making any
 reply. His lots! It wac only with difficulty
 that he recollected that he had any lots.

   “Come on, Mr. Summers. I’ll give you
 a thousand for the three. Five hundred
 down, rest payable by instalments at the
 usual interest.”

   “Why,” said Dan; “why, I hadn’t exactly

 considered-’ ’

   A thousand! He felt as if he stood on
 air! A thousand dollars for three miser-
 able lots that had been forced on him
 against his will! Was the man crazy?

   “Dan Summers!” He turned as some
 one shouted from the other side of the
 street. Old Newson, bareheaded, was run-
 ning toward him. “Dan, don’t you do
 nothin’ rash! You wait for me, Dan.”

   He reached him, puffing and blowing.
 “Come on, Mr. Summers,” said the
 rancher once more. “Don’t mind him.
 What about my offer? Take it?”

   “What offer?” said Mr. Newsom shrilly.
 "What’s he offerin’ you, Dan? Come on
 acrost the street to my office an’ talk it
 over.”

   “A thousand for the three lots, that’s
 the offer,” said Dan.

   “Dan,” said Mr. Newsom, “there’s five
 hundred dollars for each lot waitin’ for
 you the minute you step into my office,
 spot cash. An’ you won’t get a better offer
 than that.”

   “Don’t you believe it!” said another
 voice. “If you will shout all over the
 street what your business is, don’t blame
 folks for hearin’. Mr. Summers, my name
 is Millington. I represent the Browning
 Realty Company, an’ I’ve been tryin’ to
 find you for the past eighteen months.”

   Mr. Newsom took Dan’s arm.

   "Come on over to the office.”

   Mr. Millington, a pale-faced young man
 with glasses, gently put his hand on Dan’s
 shoulder.

   “Mr. Summers,” he said. “Two thous-
and dollars for your three lots. There! -
Close with that deal, an’ the money’s yours
. within twenty-four hours.”

BY W

TO W NEND
ROMANCE

  Two other men, one lean, the other fat,
also strangers to Dan, came running up.

  “Is that Mr. Summers? Are you willing
to sell your lots, Mr. Summers?”

  “Aw, get to heck outer it!” roared Mr.
Newsom. “Why don’t you get outer bed in
the momin’?”

  “You ain’t sold yet, have you?” said the
lean stranger.

  “Twenty-five hundred, Mr. Summers, for
the three,” said the fat stranger.

  A small barefooted boy ran shrieking
down the street.

  “Popper, Dan Summers has come back.
Dan Summers what owns the lots has come
home.”

  His voice died away in the distance like
the whistle of a locomotive entering a tun-
nel.

  Doors opened and people came into the
street.

  Dan broke loose from Mr. Newsom and
faced the little group of men.

  “I dunno' as I want to sell, after all.
You fight it out among you, gentlemen.
I’ll see yuh later.”

  He crossed the street and entered the
bank.

  Syd Turner threw up his arms and
shouted.

  “Dan Summers by all that’s holy! Dan,
I thought you were dead! Where in
thunder have you been?”

  “What’s it all mean, Syd? I don’t
understand.”

  “Don’t understand! Well, take a look
out of that window, Dan!” Syd pointed
to the oil derricks on the foothills. “See
them, Dan! Oil. Browning’s on the map
at last. Booming.”

  “Oh! said Dan. “An’ that explains it.
An’ what about them lots uh mine, Syd?”
“I paid the taxes for the past two years,
Dan, of course. But if you mean to sell
I want to buy ’em, Dan, well—I’d like to,
but 1 ain’t got money enough.” He dis-
appeared into the huge safe and came out
again with a bundle of papers. “Here
are your deeds and titles, Dan.”

  Dan mused.

  “See here, Svd, I’m new to this game.
It ain’t like minin’. What are those old
lots uh mine worth?”

The cashier leaned over the counter.
“Dan,” he said, “it ain’t nothin’ to do
with me, I’m neutral, but as a friend I’ll
give you a word of advice. Don’t yoir

178

take a cent less than, two thousand dollars
for ’em.”

  “For the three?”

  “Three, nothin’! For each of ’em. Six
thousand the three!"

  Dan stared at him with a feeling of
bewilderment and awe. Six thousand!
Why, he was rich! And old Jim would be
able to go ahead—nothing could stop him!

  “Here,” he said, “it’s enough to make a
feller feel faint. Lemme get out into the
fresh air again an’ have a talk with that
bunch that’s been trvin’ to give me money.
What’s makin’ every -one so dam’ crazy
to get ’em, Syd?”

  “Well, Danny, that lot of yours down
the street used to be off out of sight.
Now the business section extends way the
other side of it. Your lot lays between
the Palmer Grocery Store an’ the Brown-
ing Realty Company. Both want it. See!
And those other two lots down 011 Third
were part of a subdivision of ten acres.
Old man Newsom got hold of the subdi-
vision, piece by piece, all but your two
lots, an’ he owns the ten acres west of it
as well. He plans to put up a home some
day an’ that’s why he wants your two lots.
He wants ’em bad an' every one knows it.
If you sell the three lots together, Dan. I
guess you’ll get the best price.”

  Dan nodded and went out into the
street.

  Old man Newsom - advanced, grinning
fiercely. Behind were Millington, the
bearded rancher, and the two men who
had come up later, and a dozen others,
gesticulating, shouting, arguing, all ap-
parently hating each other and all united
in an intense and overwhelming hatred for
old Newsom.

  “Now,” said Dan, “what’s the best of-
fer? I’m in a hurry, and to save time, I’ll
tell yuh right now I won’t take a cent
under six thousand dollars for the three
lots.”

  Somewhat to his amazement no one
seemed surprized.

  And after this all Dan had to do was
to lean against the wall of the bank and
listen and marvel and wonder at the luck
that had been his in having the lots to sell.

  A quafter of an hour later, having sold
his lots for ten thousand dollars cash to
old Newsom, he sat with him in his office
and watched the deeds being typed out by
a tow-headed girl, who ever and anon gazed

PARTNERS
          1 ROMANCE

at him with wondering eyes as at one whose
existence had long been a myth in the cir-
cles in which she moved.

  They walked across to the bank and
Dan, still in a kind of waking dream,
stowed the ten thousand dollars away in
his note-book. And not even in desert
mining-camps in boom times, when money
had been plentiful, had he handled so much
currency at one and the same time. And
all his own. No one else’s, but his own.
He could scarcely believe it.

  “Well,” he said, "on the desert, gentle-
men, after a deal of th:s kind, it’s the cus-
tom to liquor up. Is there such a-”

  Syd Turner shook his head.

  “You can’t get a drink in Browning,
not unless you go an’ get bit by old Dad
Stringer’s pet snake, an’ enlightened opin-
ion thesi days, Dan, is against whisky
bein’ good for snake-bite, so there you are.
We’re dry. An' it's just as well for you,
Dan, that we are. You want to go an’
sleep it off, that’s what you want.”

  “Satisfied?” said old man Newsom dryly.
  “You betcher life.” said Dan.

  “An’ you’ll know where to come if you
want to buy a home, hey?”

  “I won’t forget,” said Dan.

  They shook hands and old man Newsom
went back to his office.

  Dan turned to Syd.

  “An’ now I ;'"s: go an’ see Elmer Pres-
cott. That’s why I came here in the first
place.”

  “Guess you won’t. Dan,” said Syd.
  “Why not?” said Dim.

  “He ain’t here. He’s in Los Angeles.”
“Gee-whiz! Don't that beat anythin!
I guess he’s gone to live on one uh them
boulevards with millionaires on each side
uh him. I always thought old Elmer would
make his pile quick.”

  "It ain't quite like that, Dan. Tell you
the truth, Elmer’s been kind of sick an' he
left Browning in the Spring an! ain’t been
near us since.”

  Dan was puzzled. There was a curious
reserve about Syd that was difficult to un-
derstand. It was almost as if he had de-
cided not to talk about Elmer at all.

  “I’ll give you his address, Dan, if you
want to see him,” said Syd, “but you
won’t find him quite as he used to be. I
guess that illness of his upset him con-
siderable.” He scribbled an address on a
slip of paper. “An’ now, Dan, you come

 up to the house an’ eat dinner with us. I
 want you to taste my wife’s cooking be-
 fore you go out into that old desert again.”

 DAN was still in a dazed state of mmd
 when he reached Los Angeles. He had
 gone to Browning in search of money,
 scarcely daring to formulate a figure even
 to himself, lest he be disappointed, and he
 came away with thousands.

   Their troubles were at an end. They
 could develop the mine. With ten thou-
 sand dollars what couldn’t they do? And
 Jim—poor, old Jim would be able to marry
 I’rudence.

    And at the thought of Jim merried, Dan
 grew serious. Would Prudence make Jim
 a good wife? Of course not. There was
 the letter to prove it. Yet, if Jim thought
 that Prudence was everything in the world
 to him. then there was nothing for it but
 to let him marry and be miserable for the
 rest of his life.

   But before going on to Herkomer and
 proving to Jim that the age of miracles was
 not past, Dan determined to call in at
 Elmer’s new home and ask how he was
 and to tell him of his good fortune and
 thank him for having insisted on his tak-
 ing the lots.

    He asked a policeman if he knew where-
 abouts the street was situated.-

•	The policeman glanced at the slip of
 paper.

    “Other side of the Southern Pacific,” he
 said, and then gave more explicit direc-
 tions.

   Dan, rather startled, thanked him. At
 first he thought that there must be some
 mistake.

    And when he reached the street, a mean,
 little street in which children shrieked at
 their play, and stood in front of the house
 with the number that corresponded with
 the number on the slip of paper, Dan was
 still more troubled and perplexed, and he
 hesitated quite a long time before he ven-
 tured to tap at the door. For the street
 was squalid and dusty and dark from the
 pall of smoke from the railroad yards, and
 the house was small and badly in need of
 paint. There was a window broken and a
 huge hole in the lower half of the screen
 door. Yet the place was neat, and over
 the tiny porch there grew a bougainvillea
 with purple blossoms, just like the bougain-
 villea that had grown on the veranda of

BY W. TOWNEND	170
R O M J

the white house at Browning two years lie-
fore.

  Dan knocked twice and then he heard
footsteps and the door was opened and
through the rusty, wire mesh of the screen
he saw Margie.

  “You!” she said in a low voice.

  Dan stared at her without speaking and
she opened the screen door.

  Dan entered and found himself in a
small parlor, low and dark and incredibly
hot, furnished plainly and poorly.

  He looked at Margie and a lump rose to
his throat and he felt that he had done
wrong in coming. She was gazing out of
the window into the street with its crowd
of children playing and men in their shirt
sleeves sitting cn their front porches read-
ing and smoking just as he, Dan Summers,
might have sat in front of the saloon at
Herkomer.

  He did not speak. He could not. He
knew now that Elmer had failed and that
this wife of his, who was to have had
everything that any man could give a wife,
who should have been clad in silks and
satins or whatever it was that rich men’s
wives did wear, who should have had peo-
ple to wait on her, was living in a tiny
frame house in a back street, dressed in
an old plain skirt and waist, with a big
apron, cooking and working and scrubbing
. . . and yet looking the same Margie*
that he remembered years before she had
met Elmer and when he himself had had
hopes. . . .

  And at last she turned and looked at him.

  “Well, Dan,” she said.

  She was paler, he decided, but then not
even at Browning had she had much color;
her brown eyes met his steadily, trustfully;
her lips were set in a wistful, little smile,
but she gave no sign to show what her
feelings must be.

  “I went down to Browning,” said Dan
finally, “an’ they gave me Elmer’s ad-
dress-”

  She smiled sadly.

  “It’s not quite the same as Browning,
Dan, is it? Elmer’s been ill a long time,
but he’s getting better, fast.” She hesi-
tated as if not knowing quite how to say
what she had in mind. “Dan, you mustn’t
be surprized at the change in him. He’s
different from what he was, Dan.”

  Then she opened the door leading to
another room.

i N C E

   ‘■Elmer,” she said, “here's a friend come
to see you.”

  And Dan entered a small bedroom where,
on a low bed facing the window, lay El-
mer, worn and wasted and pale and so un-
like his former stout and happy self that
Dan was horrified.

   ‘•Elmer,” he said.

  Elmer gazed at him with a look of utter
weariness in his eyes.

   “Dan,” he said.

  Then he coughed and tried to raise him-
self on his elbow, but his wife stopped him.

  “Lie down, Elmer,” she said. She
pushed a chair toward Dan. “Take a seat,
Dan, an’ talk.”

  “Elmer,” said Dan, “I’m awful sorry
to find you bad this way. Why, I was
lookin’ to see yuh hustlin’ round Los
Angeles buyin’ an’ sellin’ same as you did
at Browning.”

   “I suppose you’ve been there, hey?” said
Elmer. “An’ they told you all kind of
stories about me, of course?”

“Not a word, Elmer, not a word. Syd
Turner give me your address an’ said
you’d been ill, an’ that’s all I done hear.”
Elmer gave a feeble imitation of his old
laugh.

  “Why, Dan, didn’t they tell you I went
broke? Lost everything. And that poor
little wife of mine—” Dan saw in his ex-
pression as he gazed up at his wife pride
and affection and, so it seemed, shame.
“Dan, you don’t know what she’s done for
me.”

  “Now, Elmer,” said the girl gently.
“Don’t, please.”

  “I will, Marge. I want Dan to know
what kind of a wife I got. When things
went wrong, Dan, she turned to and
worked. She never let me lose hope; she
put up with my sulks; she thought out
plans; she—why, Dan, I just can’t tell you
what that little Margie means to me!”
Dan listened with a feeling of the most
intense sadness. He had not yet recovered
from the shock of finding Margie whose
future was to have been so brilliant,
Margie who was to have had fine clothes
and jewels and motor-cars and happiness,
living in this small shack, in poverty!
“How did it happen?” he asked.
“Nothing went right,” said the girl,
“and Elmer got sick and couldn’t look
after his business. That was the begin-
ning.”

PARTNERS
ROMA NC E

  “I couldn't pay off ray mortgages,” said
Elmer. "That old rat Newsom foreclosed
cm me. An’ then there was some land of
mine I thought maybe had oil in it—any-
way. one thing after another went wrong,
an’ there wasn’t one of them that would
lift a hand to help me. No, Dan, not
one.”

  It came over Dan with fresh amaze-
ment that he had gone down to Browning
to ask Elmer for money, and here was El-
mer wilhout a cent—and ill into the bar-
gain! Poor old Elmer! And the lots that
Elmer had once owned had sold that very
day for ten thousand dollars!

  The sick man was talking in a querulous
voice.

  "If I'd had money I'd have pulled thin.es
off. It was that what knocked me. Dan.
just that. An’ how have you done, Dan?
Made that pile yet?”

  "No,” said Dan, “but we’ve got a mine
now that’s goin' to be the biggest thing
that California ever seen.”

  "They all say that.” said Elmer. ‘ Every
one of them." He frowned. "If I could
get some money even now, Dan. I'd make
good. I would so. I’ve had hard luck, the
worst kind of luck, ain't I? Ain't that so,
Margie?”

   "Nothing else,’’ said the girl with a little
-§igh.. "That and you being ill. But we're
going to begin again. Elmer, an’ things
will never be like they were before, will
they?”

  All at once the sick man turned his face
to the wall and began to sob.

  “Oh. my Cod!;’ he said. "My God,
Margie, speak the truth! Margie, tell Dan
what I was. Tell him what I am—that
I’m no good, that I never have been—an’
never will be-’’

  Dan stood up and looked helplessly at
Margie.

  "It's nothing,’’ she said. “He gets like
that at times, Dan. He’s not very strong
yet, that’s why.”

  She knelt by the bed and tried to com-
fort him.

  Dan waited. He wished he could slip
quietly away, but dared not move. And
then Elmer spoke to him again.

  "Dan,” he said, "I’ve been tellin’ lies.
It was my fault, everything. Poker an’
whisky, nothin’ but that. Night after
night, I’d land home drunk. Mornings,
I'd be too drunk to set up. I was never

sober, Dan. That’s the whole story. An’
that little wife of mine never let on to
folks what she was sufferin', but just did
what she could do to make me run straight.
Dan. you don’t know what Margie went
through in them days. She stood by me—
she never blamed me, never said a hard
word. I knew I was killin’ her, but I kept

on the same old way, an’ the-”

  "Hush!” said the girl. “Dan. don’t you
believe it!”

  And Dan thought of the days when Jim
had gone wrong and he wondered what
would have happened, supposing that Jim
had been married. Would Jim’s wife have
been ;ls true to him as Margie had been
to Elmer?

  “An’ then, Dan, we came to Los Angel s.
Margie got a job as a stenographer an’ I
just kept on with the drink. Why didn’t
she leave me? God only knows. Dan! An’
when at last I seen what I was an’ quit, I
got ill. An’ she’s been nursin’ me ever
since—workin’ herself to death for the sake

of a useless, miserable-

  The girl leaned forward and put. her
hand over his mouth.

  “You mustn’t, Elmer. Now you must
stop. You’re making things out to be
worse than they are.”

  Her cheeks were flushed and there were
tears in her eyes.

  "I’ve learnt, Margie,” said the sick man.
"I’ve learnt my lesson at last.”

  Dan walked over to the window and
stared into the dusk. Poor little Margie!
A drunkard's wife! He knew now what
she had been through. He could remem-
ber on the desert the wife of an assayer
who drank . . . and the life she led
. . . the neglect and the cruelty and
the blows . . . what people had
thought and said . . . and how sh?
had lied and denied that her husband had
raised a hand against her. . . Sup-
posing old Jim went the same way as El-
mer after he married! Jim had said that
it wouldn't be possible, not with Prudence
for a wife! It had been possible for El-
mer, and he had had Margie. There would
be no one like Margie to help Jim.

  And Dan knew that if he could make
Margie happy, if he could lift the cloud
from her face and bring back the joy and
laughter and happiness that he remem-
bered, he would have done something to
be proud of. And if ever a girl deserved

15 Y W . TOWN’E ND
ROMANCE

happiness it was Margie. Jim, of course—
Jim must be a happy, too. And Jim
would be happy. There was the ten thou-
sand dollars and . . . but would Jim’s
wife do what Margie had done? And,
dam it! Would Jim be happy?

  He turned and looked at Margie seated
by the side of her husband, stroking his
wasted hand.

  ‘ Elmer,” she was saying, “there’s no
reason to say it’s too late. I guess we can
fight it out, you an’ me.” She glanced at
Dan. “He’s all I have, Dan, so maybe I
get a bit anxious about him.”

   The germ of a great idea was growing in
Dan’s mind. He had Jim’s happiness at
heart. But if he could make Margie
happy, also, so much the better.

  “Are yuh gettin’ enough to eat an’
drink, Elmer?” he asked. “Yuh need
feedin’ up. An’, Margie, speak the truth,
what have you had to eat today?”

   “Oh, I’m all right,” she said. “I’m go-
ing back to work tomorrow, too, Dan.”
“I’m leavin’ you for the time bein’,”
said Dan. “I’ll be back, maybe, in an hour
or two. I want to get you some things.
You need feedin’ up, Elmer. I wish to
heaven yuh could get outer the city into
the country.”

   He felt that he must discover, cost what
it might, whether Prudence was worthy.
Far too long he had been content to be a
spectator. The time for action had come.
He had watched events mold the lives of
his friends, for good or ill, now he himself
would shape their future ... it was
within his power.

VII

DAN rang the bell of the front door of
the big house where two years before
he and Jim had visited Prudence.

  The door was opened by a maid in black
with a white apron and a tiny cap.

  “Good ev’nin’.” said Dan genially.
“Folks in?”

  The girl eyed him suspiciously from
head to foot.	_	•

  “I guess you’ve made a mistake.”

  Dan, conscious of an old, khaki jacket
and trousers and a sombrero with a droop-
ing brim, grinned.

  “I guess I ain’t,” he said. “Tell Miss
Flood an old friend from the desert has
come to see her.”

  The girl showed him into the drawing-
room and he waited, surveying the knick-
knacks and pictures and furniture with ap-
preciation. Old man Flood might be a
weak-kneed little runt, but he sure had the
goods when it came to setting up house.

  The door opened and Prudence came in.
When she saw Dan the expectation faded
from her face and she looked annoved.

   “You!” she said.

  Was this the wife for Jim? This
dressed up doll! Would she understand
and make allowances? Would she help
him when he was down and out? Would
she keep him from drinking? Or even try
to? He hated to think of what might
happen.

  “Howdy, Miss Flood,” said Dan.

  “Is there anything I can do for you?”
she asked. “I was expecting a message
from Mr. Yardley.”

  “Jim don’t know I’m here,” said Dan.

  “But won’t you sit down? Do!”

  Miss Flood’s manner became ever more
cold and distant as he drew up a chair
and seated himself opposite.

  “Miss Flood,” he said, “I want to see
Jim happy.”

  And he found time to wonder which of
the many possible meanings she had pul
on his remark.

   “Miss Flood, Jim ain’t worth a million,
an’ he never has been. When he told you
he was rich two years ago, he knew he would
be before long. But things didn’t pan out
as we meant ’em, an’ he’s been worryin’
himself purty near crazy just because uh
keepin’ you waitin’. Now, I’m tellin’ yuh
the truth, Miss Flood, Jim’s goin’ to be
rich. He’s got a mine at last that will
bring him in all he could wish for, but it’s
goin’ to take time to open up. An’ that’s
why I come here to have a talk with you.”

  The girl’s eyes seemed to be looking
right through him. Dan felt that she re-
garded him as something beneath con-
tempt. He continued amiably, smiling at
her, as if at one of his dearest and most
trusted friends.

   “A girl what loves a feller ain’t goin’ to
let nothin' like money stand in the way uh
their gettin’ married, an’ that’s where
Jim’s been mistaken all this time, ain’t it,
Miss Flood? What I’m cornin’ to is this,
then: Supposin’ Jim don’t get that mine
uh his developed quite as quick as he j
oughter, can I tell him he’s not to hang

PARTNERS
usages,

R O MANCE

 back any more outer a sense uh pride, but
 that he’s to come in right away to Los
 Angeles an’ you an’ him get married?”

   Miss Flood rose to her feet. Dan rose
 likewise, smiling as if the interview was
 proceeding with the utmost harmony and
 good taste on either side.

   ‘Tt’s better to be livin’ on beans an’
 coffee in an old shack on the desert an’ be
 in love,” he said, "than to live in a palace
 an’ quarrel over the champagne an’
 oysters.”

   No one, he felt, could have put things
 more plainly, yet more pleasantly.

    Miss Flood spoke at last.

   "I think that Mr. Yardley has behaved
 as no gentleman ought to behave. He’s

 told me deliberate lies-”

   Which, thought Dan, was just what the
 old idiot had done.

 . “But he loves you.” he said. “That’s
 the main thing, Miss Flood.”

    Miss Flood’s eyes blazed.

   “Don’t you understand,” she said, “that_
 I've been kept waiting for two whole years,
 and now you come and tell me that he
 never had any money and never will have!”
 “Oh! He will have,” said Dan.' “He
 will have.”

   She sure was angry, too. What chance
 would old Jim have in a scrap with her?
 The old mossback would take the count in
 the first minute.

   The door opened and Mrs. Flood en-
 tered.

   “Mother,” said her daughter, “it’s just
 as we thought. It’s all lies from beginning
 to end—Jim—Mr. Yardley never had any
 money at all.” She waved a hand tragi-
 cally at Dan who hung his head and looked
 penitent and had as much as he could do
 to keep from shouting. “This man has
 told me everything.”

   "Oh!” said Mrs. Flood. “Then I was
 right.”

   “And he comes here,” said Miss Flood,
 “suggesting that I should marry Jim and
 go and live on the desert!”

   “Jim’s got a mine, ma’am,” said Dan,
 “that will run him into millions.”

    The stout lady silenced him.

   "I’ve heard that before.” She turned
 to her daughter. “Any thought of mar-
 riage between you and Mr. Yardley is out
 of the question, Prudence.”

   Dan fumbled with the brim of his hat.
   "Then I guess I'll go back to old Jim

 an’ say that Miss Flood refuses to carry

 out her share uh the contrack-”

 He felt that he did not like these people
 at all.

 “You may say exactly what you like,”
 said Mrs. Flood. “It was only through a
 mistaken sense of honor that my daughter
 did not break off the engagement months
 ago.”

 “But now I know,” said Miss Flood, “I
 will write to Mr. Yardley and I’ll say
 exactly what I think of him.”

 “I guess I’ll be goin’,” said Dan.

 The door opened once more.

 “Mr. Skipworth,” said the maid.

 Dan stepped to one side as a stout little
 man, in a brown suit, with glasses and a
 bald head entered.

 Dan saw him advance holding out both
 hands.

 “My dearest Prudence, I only heard you
 were in town this afternoon. I simply flew

round-”

 “Why, Horace, I never-”

 Dan saw a signal of distress pass be-
 tween mother and daughter. It was awk-
 ward for them, of course.

 “Good ev’nin’, Mrs. Flood. Good
 ev’nin’, Miss Flood. Mr. Skipworth, I
 guess we.got a mine now that ’ull make
 the old Gold Bug look like thirty cents.
 Good ev’nin’.”

 And he made his escape.

 In the hall he met Mr. Flood.

 “Why if it ain’t Jim’s partner, Dan
 Summers! ”

 “How’s things?” said Daij.

 Mr. Flood winked. Then he opened the
 front door and let Dan out on to the
 veranda.

 "Say, there ain’t much peace these days
 in this house. I’m just about tired of it.
 This time last year we were all on theoso-
 phy, now we’re spiritualists. Say, it gives
 me a headache. How’s Jim?”

 “Dunno’, Mr. Flood, guess poor old Jin?
 ain’t much in favor indoors there!”

 “They didn’t blame it on me, did they?”
 said Mr. Flood. “They did, of course!
 Makes me mad all over, that kind uh thing.
 Say. it’s Jim’s own fault for not coming
 through with the goods. Have a tigar,
 Mr. Summers.”

 “Who’s Horace?” asked Dan.

 Mr. Flood looked warily over his
 shoulder.

 “Horace owns one of the largest hard-

BY W. TOWNEND
saasiEr

ROMANCE

ware stores in Los Angeles. Skipworth’s
his name. An’ I guess, Dan, I guess one of
these days, seein’ that Jim’s dropped out,
or so the wife tells me, Horace will come
amblin’ forward to ask if he may call me
popper. An’ when that day comes—’’
Again Mr. Flood glanced over his shoulder
—“Dan, you don’t think there’s any place
out on the desert where a feller could rest
awhile—no lea parties, no religions, no
afternoon recitations—nothin’ but men an’
the open air and a chance to be peaceable?
For that’s what I’m aimin’ at.”

  They shook hands solemnly and Dan
departed.

IT WAS dark by the time that Dan once
more entered the little parlor of El-
mer's house.

  “Margie," he said, “I want to see you
an’ Elmer again. It's important.”

  The girl looked at him queerly and led
him into the bedroom.

  ‘•Elmer,” said Dan, “I’ve been doin’ a
heap uh thinkin' since I come into Los
Angeles an’ I’m goin’ to help you an’
Margie. I couldn't do it before, as I
wasn’t sure if things was what I thought
they was. Now, I know.” He paused and
looked at Margie and then back.again at
her husband. “Do you remember those
three lots yuh sold me two years ago,
Elmer?”

  The sick man looked uncomfortable.

  “They were worth nothing, Dan, and I
made you take ’em.”

  “I only took ’em as there weren’t no way
uh refusin’ ’em without hurlin’ your feel-
in's. I made up my mind that I’d hold
'em on trust an' that one day I’d give ’em
back. An' I’m doin' it now. Margie,
you collar hold uh them.” He placed the
bundle of bills in her hands. “That’s
what I sold ’em for this morning. It’s
yours, every cent.”

  The electric light shining on the girl
made her face look strangely white and
worn.

  “How much is it?” she asked in a low
voice.

  “Ten thousand dollars,” he said.

  The girl gave a hard laugh.

  ‘‘Take them back, Dan,” she said. “We
can’t keep them. We’re not beggars,
Dan.”

  ‘ Listen, Margie, are yuh goin’ to throw
away the chance uh gettin’ Elmer out uh

this into the country an’ startin’ fresh?
The money’s yours. I never thought uh
the lots as mine at all. If you don’t take
the money, Margie, I’ll set a match to
every last one uh them bills. I mean it.”
The girl looked at her husband and her
husband looked at Dan with a hopeless
kind of expression, as if he wished to speak
but had neither the courage nor the
strength. And outside in the street, the
children laughed and shouted, and some
one was playing “La Paloma” on a guitar,
and Dan thought of the night when two
years ago his heart had been breaking
and he had listened to Margie singing that
same old tune. And then from the railroad
there came the shriek of an engine whistle
and the clanging of a bell—and the spell
was broken.

  “Dan,” said the girl, “what makes you
do it? Why should you come here and
give us this money? Why, Dan?”

  It was very hot and close in the little
room. Dan felt as if he could scarcely
breathe.

  “Ain’t Elmer my friend? Wouldn’t he
have done the same for me?”

  Elmer turned his eyes away from him
and stared at the ceiling.

  “Dan,” he said, “you call me a friend,
but I dunno’, Dan, I dunno’ that I’ve ever
been much of a friend. I’d have written
to you about those lots months ago, but I
didn’t know where to find you. I’ve acted

mean all through. I thought when-”

  And because Margie was listening, and
it is not right for a man’s wife to hear him
belittling himself, Dan stopped him.

  “Now, Margie,” he said, “you put that
money into the bank first thing tomorrer.”
And then he told them that he would
have to leave them. He had a train to
catch—he was going out into the desert
again that night.

  Margie saw him to the porch and in the
misty blue darkness she thanked him once
more.

  "I know that thanks don’t mean much
as a rule,” she said, “but I don’t think any
one in the world would have done what
you've done for us, Dan. Think of all
that money! Dan, surely you must need
some of it! Dan, you’re not rich, I know.”
“It’s yours,” said Dan cheerfully.
“Every cent.”

  “I can’t understand,” said the girl.
“You’ve saved us, of course. I guess El-

PARTNERS
J» - I ROMANCE

mer would have gotten worse if we’d had
to have lived on here—and now—now,
Dan-”

  She stopped.

  “Well,” said Dan, “I guess I’ll be sayin’
good-by.”

„ “Good-by,” said the girl. “Good-by,
Dan, we’ll write when we’re settled. You
must give me your address, Dan, before
you go. An’, Dan, you’ll come an’ see us
again, won’t you?”

  “Me!” said Dan thoughtfully. “I
dunno’ if I’ll be cornin’ off the desert again,
Margie, not for a long time.” He took
her small, hot hand in his. “Good-
by, old Marge. Yuh gotter get Elmer well
again, that’s your job. Get him well, old
girl, an’ be happy.”

  And then to his horror, Margie leaned
her head against the screen door and put
her hands to her face and began to weep
quietly.

  Dan turned and made off. At the cor-
ner he remembered that he had not given
her the address that she had asked for.
He hesitated a moment and looked back at
the little house. By the light of a lamp he
could see that she had not moved. She
still leaned against the screen door with
her hands to her face.

  Dan turned once more away from the
house and walked quickly toward the
station, whistling.

JIM was still asleep when Dan reached
the loft over Pete Harman’s barn.
Dan watched him, lying on his side, his
hand under his cheek, his face peaceful and
sad and worn; and he noticed the gray in
his hair and the lines in his forehead and
the kindliness and weakness in his mouth.
Poor, silly; old Jim! And when he woke
up he was to have the bitterest blow that
he had ever had, and yet the best news that
he would ever hear.

  Jim opened his eyes and saw him.

  “Dan,” he said. “Why, Dan!”

  He sat up in bed.

  Dan shook his head.

  “Jim, I’m sorry.”

  Jim stared at him with an expression of
despair.

  “Couldn’t—” He moistened his lips.
“Couldn't he let us have anything?” he
asked.

  “Not a cent,” he said. “Not a doggon’
cent!”

  “You did your best, Dan,” said Jim.
“You did your best. I’m sorry for poor
Prudence, though. Two years she’s waited,
an’ now—” He sat with bis hands clasped
about his knees. “I guess I’ll get up,
Dan.”

  For a time neither spoke.

  “Jim,” said Dan, “I seen Miss Flood in
Los Angeles last night. She’s engaged to
marry a man called Horace—Horace Skip-
worth!”

  Jim dropped his shoe on to the floor.

  “What’s that?” he said hoarsely. “Pru-
dence goin’ to marry-”

  “I went and called at the house, Jim.
an’ I told her how you’d worked all them
years for her sake, an’ that you’d be rich
soon. Would she wait a while longer till
you’d a chance of opening up that mine
of ourn? She wouldn’t hear of it, Jim, an’
that’s the truth. She’s through with yuh.
I’m sorry, Jim. I sure am.”

  There was a very long silence, indeed.

  “They made her,” said Jim finally. “It
was her mother. The best an’ truest girl
a man ever had, an’ I’ve lost her. An’ my
own fault—my own dam’ fault for lyin’.
Dan, I don’t blame you at all. I dunno’
what else you could have done. No, I
don’t blame you at all.”

  Dan felt no remorse. The morality of
his action worried him not in the least.
Jim might think what he liked. He did
not care. Prudence was not going to marry
him and what else mattered?

  There was a letter for Jim that same
day and a small parcel.

  “From Prudence,” said Jim with a sigh.

  “She must*have written directly 1 left,”
said Dan.

  Jim studied the letter without making
any remark, then he handed it over to Dan.

  “Read it,” he said. “It’s all up, Dan.”

  He opened the package slowly; inside
the paper was a small white box in which
was the ring.

  Dan read the letter.

  You have behaved abominably. I never wish
to see you again. Father says that if he meets
either you or your partner he will take steps to
show you what he thinks of your conduct. I
think it right to tell you that 1 am going to be
married to an old and very dear friend early
next month. He has been waiting for years. I
have felt lately that my affection for you had
never been all that I once imagined it. I would
never have given you up, however, had it not
been for the lies that you told. My suspicions
have proved to be correct. The ring I am retum-

B Y W. TOWNEND
ROMANCE

ing. In conclusion I would like to say that the
discovery of your deceit has meant a joyful de-
liverance from what would have been an unhappy
marriage.

  “Huh!” grunted Dan. “Purtv straight.
Well-”

  Jim was staring at the ring which lay in
the palm of his hand.

  A small girl, the daughter of the station
agent, came running past in'the direction
of Pete Harman’s store.

  “Bessie,” said Jim, “here’s a present for
you. Show it to mother an’ tell her it’s
yours. Say I gave it you.”

  He yawned.

  “Dan,” he said, “that mine of ours—
I’ve been thinkin’—that prospect of ours.
It can’t fail, Dan, whatever happens, an’
it ’ud be just as good a prospect whatever
we called it. Dan, let’s change its name.

Prudence don't sound right. Let’s call it
tl*? Joyful Deliverance.”

  “Meanin’?” said Dan.

  “Meanin' that Prudence has hit the nail
on the head. I guess, Dan, I’ve been a
fool. We’re goin' to take a job in a mine,
so that we can save up money enough to gy
ahead developin' the claim. It’s the only
way to make good. Dan. an’ I don’t give
a darn. I'm free, anyhow.”

  “An’ vou feel there’s some hope for yuh,
Jim?”

  Jim turned and looked at him, and a
slow «rin spread over his round sunburnt
face.

  “I feel, Dan, that there’d have been
mighty little hope if you’d laid hands on
that money. It was luck that that pal of
yours couldn’t let you have what you went
after, wasn’t it?”

  “Just luck, Jim. iust luck,” said Dan.

   The Leopard

 YOU rose to lick your keepers hand—

 You crouched and fawned upon his lett;

 And then your roving eyes met mine
 And held them for an instant fleet.

 And there was something smoldered there—

 Something that flickered, fumed, and died!

 Twas not my fancy that you knew
 The gulf between us was not wide!

 Cage-born, they call you tame; and yet
 Can 1 forget your eyes’ faint fire

 That wafted smoke into my face?

 That veiled mad light of wild desire?

 Born in captivity, and tamed
 From kiltenhood until today.

You have not known the jungle's paths,	«

 Nor known the need to stalk your prey.

 Cage-born, like me; we only know

 The ways and laws laid down by. men;

 But there is something in our hearts
 That pulses past our present ken.

 You dropped your head; you turned your
 Eyes strange as death and wild as sin;

 Your keeper did not see; but we—

 O	leopard, you and I were kin I

                        Lydia M. D. O' Neil
The Meeting-Place

WE ARE now well into the story of
Captain Lingard and his rescue of
the English yacht, with all its peril to
his own ambitions. Here is Joseph Con-
rad, as he is pictured by that vivid Amer-
ican critic, James Huneker:

" I—IE IS not so tall as he seems. He is very
restless. He paces an imaginary quarterdeck
and occasionally peers through the little windows
of his quaint house as if searching the weather.
A caged lion, I thought. His shrug and play of
hands arc Gallic, or Polish, as you please, and
his eyes, shining or clouded, are not of our race,
they are Slavic; even the slightly muffled voice
is Slavic. One of the most beautiful languages
is the Polish—the French of the Slav tongues, as
it has been called. When Mr. Conrad speaks
English, which he does with rapidity and clear-
ness of enunciation, you can hear, rather over-
hear, the foreign cadence, the soft slurring ot
sibilants so characteristic of Polish speech. In a
word, he is more foreign-looking than I had ex-
pected. He speaks French with fluency and pur-
ity, and he often lapsed into it during our con-
versation. Like many another big man, he asked
more questions than he answered mine. I under-
went the same experience with Walt Whitman at
Camden, who was an adept at the gentle art of
pumping visitors. In the case of Joseph Conrad
his curiosity is prompted by his boundless sym-
pathy for all things human. He is. as you may
have surmised from his writings, the most hu-
man and lovable of men. He takes an interest
in everything except bad art, which moves him
to a vibrating indignation, and he is extremely
sympathetic when speaking of the work of his
contemporaries. What a lesson for the critic
with the barbed-wire method would be the re-
marks of Conrad upon art and artists. Naturally,
he has his gods, his half-gods, and his major
detestations. The Bible and Flaubert were his
companions throughout the many years he voy-
aged in strange, southern seas. From the Bible
lie absorbed his racy, idiomatic, and diapasonic
English, from the supple, shining prose of the
great French writer he learned the art of writ-
ing sentences, their comely shape, and vigorous

rhythmic gait, their color, perfume; the passion-
ate music of words and their hateful power. He
also studied other masters. He is an admirer of
Poe, Hawthorne, Walt Whitman, and Henry
James among American writers.”

CONRAD has never yet written a ro-
mance more interesting than his own
life. The name he was born with, which
he bore for almost forty years, was Teodor
Josef Konrad Korzeniowski. His father
was the son of a Polish squire in Ukraine,
where Teodor Josef was born in 1857. In
the early ’sixties cames the last Polish re-
bellion, “an event in which my paternal
grandfather’s two sons and his only daugh-
ter were deeply involved, and one which af-
fected the future of all my generation and
coloured my earliest impressions,” he says.
His father’s activities in this uprising led
to his banishment by the Russian govern-
ment. Early in this exile Conrad’s mother
died and Conrad was sent back to the Uk-
raine to live with his uncle. His father,
too ill to be dangerous any longer, was
permitted to join him in 1869. The broken
revolutionist took his son to Cracow, the
old Polish capital, and died there the next
year.

  There the boy went to school, and there
—still a boy—he formed the resolution
that determined all his after life. In a land
entirely cut off from the sea. and with.no
more knowledge of the English than he had
got from translations from English books,
he made up his mind that he would be a
seaman, and an English seaman of the
merchant service. The objections of his
relatives could not change him, and in
1874 he left home to begin a totally new
life.

187
ROMA NCE

  Marseilles—the scene of “The Arrow of
Gold”—was what he calls his “jumping-off
ground.” His first days there were spent
among the Provencal sailors, on shore and
in pilot ships. His first contact with an
English vessel came one night when he
pulled bow in the dinghy that put on board
the pilot of the James West oil. Conrad
tells about it himself:

“ A FEW strokes brought us alongside, and it
^ was then that, for the first time in my life,
I heard myself addressed in English—the speech
of my secret choice, of my future, of long friend-
ships] of the deepest affections, of hours of toil
and hours of ease, and of solitary hours too, of
books read, of thoughts pursued, of remembered
emotions—of my very dreams. And if (after be-
ing thus fashioned by it in that part of me which
cannot decay) I dare not claim it aloud as
my own, at any rate the speech of my children.
Thus small events grow memorable by the pas-
sage of time. As to the quality of the address
itself I cannot say it was very striking. Too
short for eloquence and devoid of all charm of
tone, it consisted precisely of the three words
‘Look out there,’ growled out huskily above my
head.”

IT WAS three years later than he first set
foot in England. In 1878 he landed in
Lowestoft, after what he calls his wild oats
sowing period—adventuring in the Med-
iterranean and voyaging twice to the West
Indies. For five months he was a collier
on a Lowestoft coaster, learning English
from sailors and from the newspapers.
Then he joined the Duke of Sutherland as
an ordinary seaman.

  From then until 1894 he followed the
sea. The Polish boy became a master mar-
iner in the English Merchant Service—he
was both naturalized and made Master in
1884. And by 1894, when he left the sea,
the master mariner had become a novelist.

ALFRED A. KNOPF, the publisher,
tells of the steps by which Conrad
found himself a novelist. In the late 'eigh-
ties Conrad took a holiday on land, and
was bored by it. Some years before, he
had become pretty well acquainted with a
man in Borneo who stuck fast in his mem-
ory and his interest. To pass a tedious hol-
iday he began writing this man’s story—
the story of “Almayer’s Folly.” When the
holiday was finished he carried the manu-
script about with him. to add to as time and
inclination made possible. Two years
later he was in the tropical forest of the

Belgian Congo, and when he came out he
brought with him very little but the mak-
ings of a severe fever and the first seven
chapters of his novel. He had his bout
with the fever and went to Geneva to con-
valesce, and there he wrote Chapter VHI.
In the course of a trip to Poland and then
back to England he wrote Chapter IX.
Then for three years the manuscript went
to sea with him. In all, the writing of the
story covered over five years, and while
he was writing it Conrad had only a hazy
idea of ever finishing it—none at all of
publishing it.

  But in 1894, feeling rather wretched
from the effects of that Congo fever, he
began to think of settling down on land.
He did not decide definitely, but by way of
an experiment he sent “Almayer’s Folly"
to a publisher. He says that if it had been
rejected he would never have written
another book. It was accepted and pub-
lished. In the year following he married,
and published “An Outcast of the Island/'
which definitely fixed him in his new career
and his life ashore. Since then he has lived
mostly in Kent, where he has raised his
family and written his books.

IT IS a full life he has lived. Some ad-
mirer of his has taken a map of the
world and marked on it the places Conrad
has used as settings for his stories. It would
be hard to find a writer who, without ever
moving from his own study, has covered
so much of the earth’s surface even in his
imagination. Conrad has been to these
places himself. For twenty years he went
up and down the world. How keenly he
saw what came beneath his eyes, and how
deeply he understood what he saw, you
can find in his work. He is the only living
English writer who has been seriously com-
pared with the greatest novelists that have
lived—Balzac, Flaubert; Meredith and
Henry James and the great Victorians:
Tolstoy, Turgenev and the big Russians.
Hut he is different from them all. Time
will have to fix just .where he belongs in
the line, but there is no one of them who
so combines romantic setting and incident
with the utmost realism in digging for the
truth of character and human experience.

   What he writes is the result of labor of
the hardest kind. Here is a picture of the
workman side of him, from Robert Lynd,
the British critic:

THE meeting-placl:
ROMANCE

MR. CONRAD has never been in a hurry,
even in telling a story. He has waited on
fate rather than run to meet it. ‘I was never,’ he
declares, ‘one of those wonderful fellows that
would go afloat in a washtub for the sake of the
fun.1 On the other hand, he seems always to have
followed in his own determined fashion sudden in-
tuitions, much as great generals and saints do.
Alexander or Napoleon could not have seized the
future with a more splendid defiance of reason
than did Mr. Conrad when, though he did not
yet know six words of English, he came to the
resolve, ‘If a seaman, then an English seaman.’

  “He has always been obedient to a star. He
likes to picture himself as a lazy creature, but
he is really one of the most dogged day laborers
who have ever served literature. In ‘Typhoon’
and ‘Youth’ he has written of the triumph of
the spirit of man over tempest and fire. We
may see in these stories not only the record of
Mr. Conrad’s twenty years toil as a seaman, but
the image of his desperate doggedness as an
author. ‘Line by line,’ he writes, ‘rather than
page by ■ page, was the growth of Almayer's
Folly.’ He has earned his fame by the sweat
of his brow. He speaks of the terrible bodily
fatigue that is the lot of the imaginative writer
even more than of the manual laborer. ‘I have,’
he adds, ‘carried bags of wheat on my back, bent
almost double under a ship’s deck-beams, from
6 in the morning till 6 in the evening (with an
hour and a half off for meals), so I ought to
know.’ ”

  Conrad himself tells this about the writ-
ing of his longest book, “Nostromo:”

TRUTH to say I had not known for weeks
whether the sun shone upon the earth and
whether the stars still moved on their appointed
courses. I was just then giving up some of my
allotted span to the last chapters of the novel
‘Nostromo,’ a tale of an imaginary (but true)
seaboard, which is still mentioned now and again,
and indeed kindly, sometimes in connection with
the word failure and sometimes in conjunction
with the word astonishing. I have no opinion on
this discrepancy. It’s the sort of difference that
can never be settled. All I know is that, for
twenty months, neglecting the common joys of
life that fall to the lot of the humblest on this
earth, I had, like the prophet of old, ‘wrestled
with the Lord’ for my creation, for the head-
lands of the coast, for the darkness of the Placid
Gulf, the light on the snows, the clouds on the
sky, and for the breath of life that had to be
blown into the shapes of men and women, of
Latin and Saxon, of Jew and Gentile. These arc,
perhaps, strong words, but it is difficult to char-
acterize otherwise the intimacy and the strain
of a creative effort in which mind and will and
conscience are engaged to the full, hour after
hour, day after day, away from the world, and
to the exclusion of all that makes life really
lovable and gentle—something for which a mate-
rial parallel can only be found in the everlasting
sombre stress of the westward winter passage
round Cape Horn.”

  If Conrad is new to you, you will want

to read, after “The Rescue,” his first two
books—the second one first. “An Outcast
of the Island” shows Captain Lingard in
mid-career, when as “Rajah LaUt” he was
the benevolent despot of the Malaysian
islands. In “Almayer’s Folly” he is an old
man. “Lord Jim” and “Victory” are stor-
ies of the East, too. In “Nostromo” Con-
rad goes to South America—it is in this
novel that he created a whole country for
his setting. “The Secret Agent” is a tale
of London’s underworld of spies and anar-
chists; “Under Western Eyes” of a sus-
pected revolutionist in Russia and Geneva;
“Heart of Darkness” of the mysterious for-
ests of the Congo; “The Arrow of Gold"
of France and Spain in the time of the
“Last Pretender.” And beside these there
are all his stories of the sea—the most
famous of them are “Youth,” “The Nigger
of the Narcissus” and “Typhoon.”

THERE hasn’t been long enough be-
tween the time the first number of
Romance came out and the time when this
number has to go to the printer to hear
much from readers. But writers started
months ago, when it first began to be
rumored that Romance was to be, asking
“Just what do you mean by Romance?”
Now and then some one both asks and
answers the question.

  Here is W. Townend, speaking from
Newick, Sussex. In the November issue
Mr. Townend had a story called “Miss-
ing.” In this issue is another—“Partners.”

1AM very glad to hear that Romance has
started on its voyage. May it be long and
prosperous. I do not think you could have
chosen a better name than Romance. It has
always seemed to me that the ideal life consists
of a blend of romance and adventure, and even
when we are apt to consider our daily round
dull and monotonous in the extreme, there are
if we will only use our eyes and ears adventure
and romance waiting for us.

  I remember when I was still in khaki an
animated discussion taking place on the real
meaning of the word “adventure.” Every man
present had been in battle; not one had any de-
lusions left regarding war and the glory of kill-
ing—war represented much weariness and dis-
comfort and hunger and cold and misery and
horror unspeakable—yet, I suppose, in each
man’s mind there was a lurking sympathy with
the soldier's life, the comradeship, at least. Any-
how—and excuse my wanderings—it struck me
as curious that everyone agreed that you could
not have real adventure unless the risk of death

THE MEETING-PLACE

i8q
ROMANCE

was present! Whether this is a definition that
would meet with general approval is doubtful,
but there it is. Then the talk drifted to the
other extreme—romance, and a man said: "Well,
ii there can be no adventure without the risk
of being killed, you certainly can't have romance
without the risk of being married!" And that
was that!

  But I don't think he was far wrong.

HOWEVER, you can get romance without that
risk entering in. I remember, for instance, au
old woman in Albert during the battle of the
.Somme in 1915 who lived in her shattered, little
old house in spile of all attempts to persuade her
to leave. She used to sell coffee to the troops and at
limes would talk to us in a mixture of French and
very broken English. Her story was that every-
one she loved was dead, through the war. Her
husband had been killed when working behind
ihe line, her two sons had been killed at Verdun,
her daughter's husband had been brought home,
a cripple, and had lived in the back room be-
hind the kitchen where we had our coffee. And
then the daughter and her baby had been killed
by a shell one day in front of the house. She
: howed us where they had been standing when
the shell landed. And so she was left alone
with her crippled son-in-law. And then he went,
also: died in bed. And the old woman was sell-
ing coffee lo British soldiers and was waiting for
her turn to come. She knew she would be killed,
sooner or later. She was as much a fatalist as
:;ny of tllfc natives of India, or as any soldier.
I always felt I should like to know wliat hap-
pened to her.

  When we left to go up to the lines, she was
still in her old house. I never heard whether
she was still alive in March, 1018, when the
Germans' expiring effort brought them surging
into the town once more. If she were alive.
I wonder whether she remained in Albert or
consented to leave. I ought to be able to
finish the story, but I cannot.

  I take it, though, that this would come under
the heading of romance.

BUT romance is everywhere, in the factory,
and workshop and tenement and ranch and
store: romance is that which to many a man
and woman, makes life possible. You can’t get
away from it. And the rum part of it is that
half of humanity doesn't realise it. They go to
the pictures—“movies,” isn’t it?—or the theatre,
or they read fiction, and they think how lovely
it would be if only the romance they see depicted
before them could enter into their lives, while
all the time they arc surrounded by romance,
chunks of it.

  It’s a queer world, anyhow. One man's meat
is another man’s poison. What is romance to
one may be every day monotony to another. I
remember hearing a little man who worked in an
office in the City of London talking to the second
engineer of a tramp steamer who had just landed
after- a Western Ocean voyage in mid-winter
when food had given out and the boats and
rails had all been carried away by the sea and
the engineers and firemen had been knee deep
most of the time in water, and the biice pumps

 I qo

had got choked and the average rate of speed
had worked out at something round about a
knot and a half an hour for days and days and a
deck hand had been drowned and the sccond
mate had broken his leg.

  The engineer had talked in a matter-of-fact
kind of way of the voyage. He was glad to
be alive and on shore. Nothing much else
was in his mind but that. And the little,
clerk who had been listening to him sighed
deeply: "Ah! it was terrible, no doubt! But
how romantic 1” The engineer put down his
drink and looked at him. "Romantic 1” he said
in a puzzled way. “You heard what I said, mis-
ter. didn't you?” “%'esj" said the little man
beaming through his glasses. “I did.” “And
you call it romantic! Well, I tell you. mister,
if you'd been there same as I was in that ruddy
engine room with the crank pits full of water
and no lights working you'd have called it same
as I did . . . bloody hell I" Which may or
may not be polite, but it was certainly true.

  And yet that sccond engineer, though he didn't
realise it. couldn't have lived the life of the little
clerk: the office work would have killed him.
And the little clerk pined for the change of
scene and the comings and goings of the life of a
tramp steamer engineer, though he wasn't capable
of doing the work: or wouldn't have been, prob-
ably. even had he had the training.

CHANGE of sccne, travel, meeting fresh faces
. . it's all romance, nothing but romance.
Though, as the engineer would have said, plainly
and truthfully, if coarsely, had. he been asked:
"A helluva lot of change of scene I get on my
watch below with about a hundred and ninety-
nine things to do in the four hours! An’ travel!
One port is like another, so far as I'm concerned,
wherever you are, New York or San Francisco
or Bombay or Capetown, there's always the old
blinkin' engines that need tinkerin’.”

  However, it is the man who has travelled, who
has seen other countries and other people, that is
the most interesting man to meet. Almost im-
perceptibly his opinions broaden and he has a
keener insight into what really counts in this
little world of ours. If it were made a law that
all men should live for a whole year in a coun-
try other than their own. what a difference it
would make in the way the nations of the world
regard each other.

  At present one is inclined to be despondent.
Reading the papers now, studying the jeal-
ousies and suspicions that are rampant
everywhere, one almost wonders whether all
virtue went out of mankind at 11 a. m. on
November 11th, 1018, when the killing ceased!
Human nature is pretty much the same every-
where. I Loud yells of protest I but it’s true.)
But the weird part of it is that men and women
are, in the bulk, infinitely better than the poli-
ticians who govern them. Without politicians,
or politics, or votes, or parties, wouldn't th-r
world be a much more friendly and sociablc pla< •
than it is at present?

  Nothing is sacred to a politician, not even the
truth! Anything that may be used to bring in
votes must be used 1 Hence international jeal-
ousies.

THE MEETINC-PLACE
           _j romance

 BUT all this is drifting away from what I had
 in mind when I began this letter. And talk-
 ing of romance, where else can you get the spirit
 of romance better expressed than in Kipling's
 lines:

 See the shaking funnels roar, with the Peter at
   the fore,

 And the fenders grind and heave,

 And the derricks clack and grate, as the tackle
   hooks the crate,

 And the fall-rope whines through the sheave;
        It's “Gang-plank up and in," dear lass,
        It's “Hawsers warp her through!”

         And it’s “All clear aft" on the old trail, our
           own trail, the out trail,

       We’re backing down on the Long Trail—
         the trail that is always new.

   You know it, don't you? Great stuff! Some-
 day I suppose I shall find myself on a steamer
 pushing out of Southampton Water in the fog,
 with the whistles screaming and the tug boats
 panting up and down, and the Isle of Wight
 very green and hilly ahead . . . and then,
 Cherbourg, maybe •. . . Queenstown Harbour
 •. . . if the liners still call . . . and old
 JSpike with its barracks and search lights and
 f. . . the open sea . . . and then later on,
 the Ambrose Channel light . . . and if one
 morning when you arc seated in your office, up
 to your eyebrows in work, with a string of call-
 ers—authors, artists, adventurers of every de-
 scription—waiting to see you, if just when you
 are at your busiest you hear sounds of riot-
 ing outside and the door is flung open and a dis
 reputable looking old guy in shabby clothes and
 a battered hat bursts into the room, yelling,
 don't be surprised I For the disreputable looking
 old guy will be—rather ungrammatically—me I

                                      Cheerio!

         .	w. TOWNEND.

 A GOOD DEAL of the author’s own
 experience must have crept into “The
 Miniature,” some pages back. “Sandy
 and the Dream Girl” was in our last issue.

 I CAME to America from Australia fourteen
 years ago, after spending eight years before
 the mast in the ships of all nations. My native
 country is Denmark. I was born in a little fish-
 ing village on I he north coast of Zealand. I
 have been a sailor, miner, pearl-fisher, gum-
 digger, life-insurance salesman, window-cleaner,
 lumber-jack, structural iron-worker, copra-trader
 and—oh yes, opera-singer.

   I failed in none of these occupations. That
 was my misfortune. Had I made one signal fail-
 ure, I should have started to write five years
 earlier. At it was I plugged alone every one of
 these vocations and made a fair living.

   Five years ago I took up writing. For two
 years T starved artistically and with abandon.
 The third year I began to learn—and sell. Today
 I am doing what I like to do and getting paid
 generously into the bartrain. I sometimes have
 to pinch myself to see if I’m not dreaming.

   I work six hours a day—from nine to three—

Sunday included. Why should I exclude Sunday
when I'm getting enjoyment out of it? Some-
times I loaf for a couple of days getting ideas,
but even that is part of the routine.

  My favorite recreation is deep-sea fishing, and
I hereby challenge all comers with a four-ounce
sinker and three bass hooks.

  As to the genesis of “Sandy and the Dream
Girl.” I ran away from an English ship, the
“Adderley” in Eureka, Northern California in
1906. With my blankets on my back I tramped
inland during the night in this new, strange
country of yours—and now mine. I could speak
just a few words of English. I had not one penny
in my pockets. But when dawn came I was in
a valley so beautiful that I forgot all about
being hungry and broke.

  The girl of course is pure imagination; but in
every such valley, I wonder, is there not a girl
like her?

                               CARL CLAUSEN.

YOU remember “Sanctuary’' in the No-
vember issue? The author of it,
Norval Richardson, writes from the Ameri-
can Embassy in Rome. Mr. Richardson is
a Mississippian who follows the double ca-
reer of diplomacy and authorship. He
neglects to say anything about the fact
that he has written several novels—one of
them, “The World Shut Out,” only just
published.

THERE is very little for me to say about my
story “Sanctuary” except that it is one of the
results of my life away from America—a matter
now of ten years. The field for fiction in Euro-
pean or in foreign life is unlimited today, and
particularly so when one treats it in relation with
Americans living out of their own country. I
find it almost impossible to treat this subject
convincingly unless I use at least one American
character in the foreign setting. I have tried
writing entirely of foreign people but have in-
variably found it a failure as the connecting
link—or the point of view of foreign life char-
acters—must always be seen through the eyes
of an American to make it seem real. It is my
intention to continue using foreign settings and
foreign types as particularly now America’s in-
terest and relations are so much nearer foreign
lands than ever before.

NORVAL RICHARDSOX.

HARLES BEADLE, who wrote “The
Inner Hero” for our November is-
sue, also writes this greeting from Paris:

ALLAH yahdik O Romance! as the. Arabs
would say. However, that's another side of
my life than the milieu of “The Inner Hero.”
Personally I have a theory that a writer should
only use material which he has more or less
actually lived. Anyway, I work on that prin-
ciple. I was born at sea somewhere in mid-
Atlantic and my people have been seafaring on
both sides for some generations back; two grand-
fathers were North Sea whalers—which doesn’t

ipt

THE M E.E TING-PLACE
RO MANC E

 in the least prove that I know anything about
 it you will probably say! Well, the tang of the
 sea seems good to me and I will defy any storm
 on any ship on any sea to make me seasick. The
 most exhilarating spectacle in the Universe to me
 is a storm at sea—preferably in mid-Atlantic—
 my native heath! Naturally I met with sailor^
 and firemen of all sorts in my kidhood, but the
 principal material lor this story was gained dur-
 ing an abortive attempt to become a marine engi-
 neer; about twelve months in the ‘ shops" which
 persuaded me, incorrectly enough, that there was
 no romance in greasy pistons, valves and what not
 and set me wandering in Africa for a decade. I'm
 •afraid that this confession won’t convince anyone
 that I really lived that life; that I have done
 more than walk through a portion of it as it
 were. But then the whole point depends on
 what on:' can see in that walk, the po-jes=ion of
 the “seeing eye” as Conrad has it. After all.
 baldly speaking, that is all writing is (to me),
 a mania to tell other folk what I see in my walks
 abroad. As Arnold Bennett, T think, pointed out
 once, the primitive novelist is the man who in-
 sists upon telling all his pals, often to boredom,
 about the astonishing doe fight he has seen in
 the street.

CHAPT.ES BEADLE.

N

is t

 ATUR.-YL history is never an ob-
 stacle to the true romancer—here
 tie testimony of one of- them:

 rIGER LURE was written through a mis-
 apprehension. i found a rumor in Vene-
 zuela that the jungles held a kind of puma that
 ran together in flocks like wolves, called the
 Hunting Leopards.

   That grabbed my fancy right on the Christ-
 mas tree, and everywhere I went I had a pack
 of from twenty to fifty leopards right behind me.
 They were particularly numerous and glowing
 when I sat down at a typewriter.

   During a newspaper career I had learned the
 -ymptoms 01 celebrities who want to be inter
 ’ iewed. It became quite clear to me that these
 Hunting Leopards wanted to be written up. So
 I began to pull some character; together to feed
 to these notoriety seekers. Unfortunately. I had
 to investigate the character of the Hunting
 Leopards themselves through a number of
 natural histories and encyclopedias. Fancy my
 astonishment and indignation when I discovered
 there were no such animals. But the fool leop-
 ards didn't know they were not. They kept right
 on hanging around me and my typewriter seek-
 ing publicity in movie star fashion. So I
 changed ’em all into jaguars, conjured up a
 scheme to draw a lot of jaguars together and let
 'em dq their worst.

   The worst was “Tiger Lure."

                                  T. S. STMBLISfG.

 FIRST as last, we may as well face the
 very real magazine problem arising
 from the fact that truth is stranger than
 fiction, so we.'ll do it now while we're get-
 ting acquainted with Jack Hines:

OFTEN, after an editor has asked uct
on my marrow-bones and swear iLc
of the episodes contained in the storieSj,.
of the Alaska malamutcs arc true, I ;>n(j
to pity to think that they have never
hand had the opportunity to know thcL
beasts of the Far North.

  The reader must appreciate that dogs
companions that beguile the solitude o£
minable Winters in that faraway land \\
spent eight years without leaving its ci_

The (log men breed from wild wolves freq
and that occult something that all thing!
possess is gradially developed and finall
comes merged in the affiliation between 1
and dog. 1 have no words to picture foi
the devotion that exists between these ou
from civilization anil the servants that
great force has placed within their grasp. "5
malamutes have shown many a man in A!
the meaning of life and the way to draw ji
and happiness from environment and co -
tione that to many were like a dungeon cell
Uncomplaining wolf-dogs, gladly do they sta
when you starve, or that you may eat. Mi
reading beasts who can hear you think. D
with brains that out-guess human beings. K
ing is as natural for a wolf-dog as sleepii
Killing to protect a loved one is easier. Do yl
remember Old Seegar—did the work of sevi
dogs who had gone mad and had to be killed
Vet Old Seegar brought I.ouis Lane safe an
sound into camp. But it cost the malamute hi
sight and hearing. My yarns are all founde*
upon fact. Once in "Juno from Irish HiU

I	had to sacrifice the truth for fiction. 1
submitted the story to Everybody's. They bought
it but said that the pari where Juno look five
pups to five different mm on Irish Hill to bc|
cared for in her absence would have to be
changed. They said their readers wouldn't stand
for it. Vet that is exactly what Juno did.

  Why, I could tell you tilings, my dear indul-
gent lovers of animals, that would—well, per-
haps T will later.—Cordially,

                                JACK HINES.

  And a last editorial word:

PERHAPS it isn't credible but it's not al-
ways a pleasant task for a magazine- to
sound its own trumpet. Ever, to state inten-
tions before they have been fully realized car-
ries with it—but let's ret it over with. It is
merely this:

  A new magazine is not made in a day. We
here in the office have no apologies to offer for
Romance but our minds are so firmly fixed
upon the Romance of a year from now that we
can't quite think of it in only its present stage.
We are centered on making it better and bet-
ter a.-, it goes along. To do this we need the
help of your criticism and comment and there-
fore I think we are justified in stating our inten-
tion and definitely iisking for your cooperation
Our main field is fiction, and better and better
fiction is our main endeavor. But there is also
our poetry and it is our ambition to see the
day when Romance will stand out among ail
masazines as the one sure placc to find the very
best in contemporaneous verst and nothing but
the very best.—A. S. H.

to:

THE MEET I X'G -PLACIi
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org