
Drafting ia]
Wessons fflP.

  O.C.MILLER

   Director of
   Extension
   Work

WILL MAKE
this Contract
with You—

  When you enroll for our home-training

  in Drafting, we agree to give you:

  1.	Complete Drafting training, by the
  new Practice-Mcthod.

   2.	Professional Drafting Outfit, as ill-
   ustrated.

   3.	IVe iyill help you get a good Drafting
   position at a substantial increase in
   pay.

  4.	Or we’ll refund every cent of your
  money.'

  AMERICAN SCHOOl
   — the Million Dollor
   Educational Institution

 Director Extension IVorh

 WIN SUCCESS
 THRU DRAFTING

  Drafting is easy, fascln-
  §». ating work. Short hours.
  Big pay. And the
  Draftsman is always
  Wm, in line for promotion
  Jm|P» for executive posi-
  tfons. This train-
  ins is Complete.
  It includes hich-
  scnool subjects.
  \ (if you need
  them) and all
  Die Kiir'in-
  eering and
  \ M-a-t-h-e-

           \ ■ Ml:itics
                 Drafting
                 Experts,
                 require.

 No machine can be built
 until the Draftsman first
 builds it on paper. My
 training prepares you for
 this work.

  Never has the world seen
  anything like the building
  boom of today. This has
  created enormous demand
  for real Draftsmen.

to Prove You Can Learn at Home in Spare TimeI

    We have invented a new, simplified way to teach Drafting'—the first
    real improvement in Drafting home-instruction in history. We want you
    to see it, try it—without one penny of cost or obligation. We want to
    show you how we get away from the copying methods used in the past. See
    how we make you think, solve problems, do actual drafting room jobs
    from the first lesson!

Draftsmen Wanted! $60 to $125 aWeek! [

                            70,000 tine jobs advertised last year. Get
                            ready to fill one. Get out of the rut. Make

                        something of yourself. Plan your future in IB ^1 Bl'liBB
                        Drafting. Even if you have only cbmmon	lif»ff51

                   schooling, even if you know nothing of	Jgijj;

                            Drafting, we guarantee to make you a real
                            Draftsman or to refund your money!

                              Special surprise offer right now to the first
                              500 men who answer this ad—reduced
                              price, easy terms. Coupon brings complete
                              information.

 The American School, a million
 dollar No-Pro fit Educational Insti-
 tution now offers men a double ser-
 vice—training for a specific job. then
 finding the job. For one small price,
 on terms of only $5 a month, you are
 now assured of definite benefits, both
 in position and salary. Write for com-
 plete information—today! t-'DI-'TC

FREL
Job Service!

                       The American School
                       now offers its students
                       and graduates, with-
                       out cost, the services
                       of an efficient Employ-
                       ment Department
                       keeping in constant
                       touch with em-
                       ployes of Drafts-
                       men all over the
                       United States. We
                       have placed hun-
                       dreds of men in
                       good big-pay Drafl-
                       i n g positions.
                       We’ve made this
                       training so com-
                       plete, so practical,
                       so easy to master,
                       that our students
                       are bound to make
                       good. And. so, be-
                       cause the demand
                       for real Draftsmen
                       continues to exceed
                       the supply, and be-
                       cause this training
                       actually prepares
                       men for good Draft-
                       ing positions, we
                       back it with a Free
                       Bmployment Ser-
                       vice.

 A new, rapid, simplified training

 Copying drafting lessons prepares you to
 be(only a “tracer.” This new “Job-Meth-
 od” gives you actual drafting-room jobs
 in a new one-step-at-a-time way. With
 ■pictures which you can understand almost
 without reading the “lessons.” And that
 is why the American School-trained
 Draftsmen can qualify for a good job at
 big pay when they graduate.

BIG-PAY Branches

         The big money in Drafting goes to
 men who specialize in Machine Design
 or Electrical Drafting, or Architectural
 Drafting, or Structural, or Automotive.
 It is not enough merely to know general Draft-
 ing practice. You must know how to calculate
 and design and plan original work. You need
 many Engineering subjects to fill the kind of a
 grafting position that pays $60 to $125 a week,
 i he American School now includes this special-
 sea training in its Drafting course. '

Coupon Brings 3 Lessons

 pKpp | Get them. Test your own ability to
 ft liLiLii Jearn Drafting and get ready for
 a fine job and big pay. Coupon
 also brings surprise offer, and
 complete information about your
 opportunities for success in
 (Drafting. Mail It Today!

  Electricity needs Drafts-
  men who know Electrical
  principles as well as gen-
  eral Drafting praetlco. I
  give you tills training.

 Every great Auto factory
 employs Draftsmen who
 spceiali/.o in Automotive
 work—men who dcsicu
 bodies, plan engines, etc.

0. C. MILLER.
Director
EXTENSION WORK

AMERICAN SCHOOL

Dept. .1291
Drexel Ave. & 58th St.
CHICAGO

 Costly Drafting '
 Outfit Given!

 Fine, imported instru-
 ments like these help
 you learn Drafting
 quickly and easily. These
 standard quality, full
 size instruments, board,
 table. triangles. T
 square, ink. protractor,
 etc.. given to everv stu-
 dent without extra cost.

 O. C. MILLER, Director of Extension Work

AMERICAN SCHOOL

  Dept. 1291 Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Chicago.

  ltush 8 Free Drafting Lessons, Job and "Raise offer, com-
  plete information, money-hack cuarantee. etc.. to prove T
  can become a real Draftsman at'home in spare time.

 Name

Street No..........................................

..................................... State..,.
JULES VERNE’S TOMBSTONE AT AMIENS
PORTRAYING HIS IMMORTALITY

Vol.l No. 10 
 Jan. 1927   
EDITORIAL & GENERAL OFFICES: 53 Park Placo. New York City

Published by Esncrimentcr l'liblljliinB Company. Inc.

(H. Genisback, Pres.: S. Genisbaek, Treai.: 1L W. DeMott. See’y)
Publishers of SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEWS.
AMAZING STORIES. RADIO REVIEW. RADIO INTERNACIONAL
Owners o! Broadcast Station WRNY.

Contents for January

The Red Dust

(A Sequel to “The Mad Planet”)

By Murray Leinster ...............................

.878

The Man Who Could Vanish

   By A. Hyatt Verrill ..............

.900

The First Men in the Moon
(A Serial in 3 parts) Part II.

  By H. G. Wells........................

.914

The Man With the Strange Head

By Dr. Miles J. Brener ...............

 .940

The Second Deluge

    (Serial in 4 parts) Part III.

   By Garrett P. Serviss............

.944

Our Cover

this month illustrates the first invisibility experiment in the
story. “The Man Who Could Vanish", bv A. Hyatt \ errill.
wherein the scientist succeeds in making only inorganic matter
invisible. This accounts for the suspended pencils, pen. collar
button, stick pin. watch, arm-band buckle, earter-buckles.
metallic parts in shoes, keys, coins, even gold fillings in teeth,
finger rings, etc. Later on he remedies this deficiency.

In Our Next Issue:

THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT, by Edgar
Rice Burroughs (A Serial in Three Parts—Part
One). The editors do not remember ever having
read a more exciting and all-absorbing story than
the present one, by this master of fiction, the cre-
ator of the Tarzan tales. If you want to be thrilled
through and through, do not miss this story.

NEW STOMACHS FOR OLD, by W. Alexander.
For some time a new technique has been built up
by surgeons and biological experimenters; that is,
successfully transplanting animal organs from one
animal into another. But substituting one man’s
stomach for another is even today a large order,
though not at all impossible. What surprises might
be in store when it will finally be done, is related
vividly by our new author.

THE ELEVENTH HOUR, by Edwin Balmer and
William B. MacHarg. I-Iere is another one of the
famous scientific detective stories by the well-
known authors. There is good science and plenty
of excitement in this short tale, and you will not
know the full solution until the end.

THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON, by H. G.

Wells. After you have read this month’s instalment
you will naturally be keyed up for the finish, which
will be given to you in large and forceful doses in
the final chapters next month.

THE SECOND DELUGE, by Garrett P. Serviss.
In the closing chapters we find the expose: of a
great mystery. Cosmo Versa! knows that the en-
tire world must be submerged, for did he not see
the very pinnacle of the Himalayas disappear under
water? But nature has strange ways and the unex-
pected, as usual, promptly turns up. One of the
greatest surprise endings that we have even seen.

HOW TO SUBSCRIBE FOTt "AMAZING STORIES.” Send rour name,
address and remittance to Kxporlmenter Publishing Co.. 53 Park Place.
New York City. Checks and money orders should be made payable to Ex-
perimenter Publishing Co., Inc. Mention tho name of the magazine you
are ordering inasmuch as wo also publish KADIO NEWS SCIENCE &
INVENTION, RADIO REVIEW and ItADIO INTERNACIONAL. Sub-
scriptions may bo mado In combination with tho other publications just

*iiii!’!!'ii!iiiniititiintu'i •niiutiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiHHiniiiniiiMiiiiiiiiuiiniiiiiiiauiiiiMiinnnraimtinnnmniinminmmiiiiiitiniiniinriiiii

AMAZING STORIES Is published on the SUi of each preceding month.
There are 12 numbers per year. Subscription price is $2.50 a year In
l\ S. and possessions. Canada and foreign countries $3.00 a year. u. b.
coin as well as U. S. stamps accepted (no foreign coin or stamps) Single

AHkcommuneiratIonns1and 'contributions to this journal should be addressed
lo Editor AMAZING STORIES. 53 Park Place. New York. N Y. Un-
accepted contributions cannot lie returned unless full postage has been in-
cluded. at J. accepted contributions are paid for on publication.

mentioned at special reduced club rates. Send postal for club rate card.
Subscriptions start with the current issue unless otherwise ordered.

ON EXPIRATION of your subscription we enclose a renewal blank in our
last number to you. and notify you by mail. Then, unless we receive your
order and remittance for a renewal, delivery of the magazine is stopped
CHANGE OF ADDRESS: Notify us as far in advance as possible. Riv-
ing your old addfess as well as the new ono to which future maRazines are
to go. It takes sovcral weeks to make an address change in our records.

AMAZING STORIES. Month tv. Entered as second class matter Mnreh 10.
102G, by tho Tost Office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3.
1870. Title Registered U. S. Patent Office. Copyright. 1927. by E. T.
Co.. Inc.. New York, nie text and illustrations of this Magazine are
copyrighted and must not he reproduced without giving full credit to the
publication. AMAZING STORIES is for sale at all newsstands In the
United States and Canaxla. European Agents. S. J. Wise Et Cle,. 40 Placo
Verto. Antwerp. Belgium. Printed in U. S. A.

 General Advertising Dept.. 53 Park Place. New York City.

                                      ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES
    t-rv'T-niv- c. \r,.rr I-T1K 7"n Cass Street Clilcaeo. III.	ROY HTTETJ,. Donovan Buildinc. Detroit. MIob.

nnnK miov *KELLY rf WcVlOth St, Kansas City. Mo.	HARRY E. HYDE. .148 Droid Building. Philadelphia. Pa.

DAVIES.	Square Bide.. &»ton. Mass.	A. J. NORMS mu, CO..^. TJlrd^t.^ San^neUeo. Ollf.

874
AMAZING STORIES

87

My Big Free Book TelSs
Complete Story

       ^ m m n ■ ■ b ■ ■ ■ ■ U M ■ sSWTTnrffTOia*

      ♦	H. C. Lewis, Pres.

      , Coyne Electrical School, Dept 17-02
      1300-1310 W. Harrison St. Chicago, III.

Send this coupon now. Determine today that you are going to become a part
of the world’s greatest force—Electricity. Assure your future by sending this
coupon now. It brings you full information. Think of it—if you send the
coupon today, you can be fully equipped for a fine paying electrical job in three
months. Send coupon now before the special offer I am making is withdrawn.

 £ Please send me freo yoar big new book and
 £ full particulars of your special oiFer of
 J FREE RAILROAD FARE and TWO EX-
 « TRA courses FREE. Send it quick at no ex-

 •	pense or obligation to me.

 pense or obligation to me.

♦	Name.

Address.

*	Town.
876

AMAZING STORIES

 I’ll PROVE

 Ircalc.l !|0

FACTS/

  That I Can Put YOU in Line fiosr
  the BIG PAY JOBS—QUICK!

   Clip coupon now! I’ll send you absolutely FREE
 OP CHARGE—with positively no obligation on
 your part—3 “JOB-WAY ” Auto Lessons and Jobs
 and my big, new Auto Book also! I want you to see
 for yourself— just why B. W. Cooke “JOB-WAY”
 Training is bringing so many men BIG Money in
 such remarkably quick time. I want you to see
 what it can do for you!

 Send Coupon at ONCE!

   Learn how men without a day’s previous auto
 experience, and only common schooling become
 Garage Owners, Superintendents, Managers and
 can earn up to $150 a Week and more! See why
 ( hundreds of men have found “JOB-WAY” to
 \ be such interesting, practical Training!
 a I stand ready to give you absolute proof. Clip
 ft COUPON NOW and I’ll rush your Lessons to
 H you Absolutely Free/

1 See Mow You Can Earn up to

About the Ts-emeM*
dous Money-Making
Opportunities in the
WORLD’S
BIGGEST BUSINESS!

 Horn, Study AuloTr

If you’re earning a cent less
than $60 a week, clip coupon
now! Get the proof. See for
yourself how easily you can
master Auto work right in
your own home — and how
(Quickly you can get in line for
the big Auto Jobs that pay up
to $10,000 a year and more—-
or in a Money-Making Auto

Business of your own. Re-
member— these lessons and
Jobs come to you absolutely
FREE of charge and with-
out any obligationon	I
your part what- $
ever. |

If you want to boost your pay quick. Mail
the Coupon now. Be an' Auto Expert.
It's the one Business for the red-blooded,
ambitious man who wants to make real
:7.oney! I help you doit. Get all the par-
:.:ulars about my lifetime Employment
Service and my lifetime Consultation
service—both of which I include Free of
Extra Charge.

Find out how Don.t sell
I train. . ■ >ri your time for ,
VO*L. liniln low pay! You

don'tneedto!

IM H H H	Facts! Find out

t® H HP how you can become a
Ini Big Pay Man in amazingly
hTO" quick time! These 3 FREE Lcs-
f sons show you why you can stay
"home; keep your present job! They
prove that you don’t have to leave your
doorstep—that you can Master every
branch of Auto work right in your own
home. Send Coupon while I can still
offer you these 3 Lessons absolutely

My Big New Auto
Book Also FREE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENTIFICTION

HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor
DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D.; Associate Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor
C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

Editorial and General Offices: 53 Park Place, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today ------- Cold Fact Tomorrow

INCREDIBLE FACTS

By HUGO GERNSBACK

WE are living in stirring times. To the individual
with imagination it is easy to believe that we are
really not living through the wonders we see, but
rather, that we are living in a story book, and
that the achievements about us are nothing but imaginations.

  Who, for instance, but an imaginative scientifiction writer,
would think of making actual use of starlight? Absurd!
Yet two Swiss scientists, Dr. Kolster, and Dr. Deesalis, who
have been living in a tent for the last few months, on the
summit of Monch Mountain, at an altitude of 13,465 feet,
have found that a certain group of stars sends out extra-
ordinary rays of light, whose radio-active force is far
stronger than that of X-rays._ The scientists hope to capture
and employ these rays for scientific and medical purposes.

  Then, John Vandercock, writing in the New York Herald-
Tribunc, reports on his recent scientific investigations in
Dutch Guiana, that he found a certain tribe of Indians that
use the so-called “snake cut,” well-known and accepted as
the common truth by all Dutch scientists. Just listen to
this fantastic and incredible piece of near-fiction, which is
fact nevertheless. The witch-doctors _take_ the head and tail
of a rattlesnake, the most deadly one imaginable. They then
cook this, together with some herbs, and, under a full moon,
make it into a dark powder. Now comes the astonishing
tiling. They take a man and make an incision in his veins,
and into this incision pour the powder. From that time on
the man so treated has the power of paralyzing a snake.
When he encounters a snake, no matter how deadly it may
be, it becomes completely powerless at his approach.

  Scientists, in analyzing the medicine, have come within
80 per cent of finding the ingredients, but the rest is mystery.
They believe that the powder causes a certain exhalation
in the perspiration of the person so treated, which has the
power of paralyzing the snake. But this is simply a theory.

  Then science comes along and finds the_ densest^ star we
know of—a small satellite of the star Sirius. It is a star
of about the same size as our earth, but weighs almost as
much as our sun. That, of course, means nothing to the
imagination, but translated, it means that if we should col-
lect from this star, a little of its material the size of a base-
ball, the little ball would actually weigh over 14 tons, or ap-
proximately one ton per cubic inch. That’s nothing however.

  Scientists now have a substance called “Neutronium,”
which we know exists in nature. This material weighs 60
million tons per cubic inch. It would take some 600 Wool-
worth Buildings, if placed in a scale, to balance one cubic
inch of ncutronium._ Neutronium, is four trillion times as
dense as water. It is composed of an electron and a proton,
when the two coalesce with each other. It is the most in-

credible thing in the whole world. It is not affected chemi-
cally. It can not be seen or felt, and there are no means
of getting at it. This is, of course, on account of its ex-
tremely small size, so minute that' if it falls, it will pass
through every material on its way. It readily goes through
glass walls, metal buildings, the earth itself, and continues
falling right through the earth, passing through the center
of it and going towards the other side, only to fall back.
It keeps up this pendulum-like motion, its speed decreasing
each time, until, finally, due to friction, it locates at the
center of the earth, where it comes to a stop.

  Then there is the old mystery of Kaspar Hauser, who
died in Germany in 1833 under circumstances as mysterious
as his real identity. His case attracted such remarkable
interest that in Germany alone more than 8,000 books have
been written on the subject

  The story, in brief, is that one evening, in 1828, a Nurem-
berg shoemaker noticed in the street a youth of about sixteen
years, whose dazed _ appearance and peculiarity of gait re-
sembled that of an infant just learning to walk. The shoe-
maker took him to the local barracks. Offered food, the
boy refused meat and beer, with disgust, but eagerly ate
and drank large quantities of bread and water. Kaspar
Hauser was able to write his name, but he babbled like a
baby. He could see very well in the dark, while bright
light caused_ him acute discomfort, giving rise to inflam-
mation of his eyelids. He was a metalophobe, and was so
intensely affected by metals that he had to have wooden
spoons and forks with which to eat. The boy’s sense of
smell was as acute as his sight. He fainted at the scent of
a rose, while the smell of meat made him violently sick.
An attempt to give him anything to eat beyond bread and
water made him ill. Even a few drops of wine or coffee
mixed in a glass of water caused violent nausea.

  After a while he became educated enough to relate his story,
and it seems that he always lived in a black, low-ceilinged room,
in which he was unable to stand upright. A black or dark
man brought him bread and water every day, and he had a
little wooden horse to play with. The dark man taught
him to write, until he finally took him into a street, where
the boy was abandoned. He lost his sensitivity to light and
metals after a while, but the mystery surrounding him
would not end, for two attacks were made on his life. The
first attempt miscarried, but when he was stabbed in a public
garden of the town, for the second time, he died three days
later. •

  I have given these examples of incredible facts simply to
show that we should not be too ready to denounce the ideas
that seem most impossible, for they have a trick of material-
izing even while we are talking about them.

munrimiaiiiiiiiiiiiKuiiiiinniiiunnnuinOkiii

Mr. Hugo Gemsback speaks every Monday at 9 P. M. from WRNY on various scientific and radio subjects.
^ Sequel to “The Mad Planet.

Burl raised his spear, and plunged down on the back of tho moving thing, thrusting his spear with all the force he could command.
He had fallen upon the shining back of one of the huge, meat-eating beetles, and his spear had slid across tho horny armor and then
stuck fast, having pierced only the leathery tissue between the insect’s head and thorax.
THE RED DUST

879

CHAPTER I
Prey

HE sky grew gray and then almost
white. The over-hanging banks of
clouds seemed to withdraw a little from
the steaming earth. Haze that hung
always among the mushroom forests
and above the fungus hills grew more tenuous, and
the slow and misty rain that dripped the whole
night long ceased reluctantly.

  As far as the eye could see a mad world stretched
out, a world of insensate cruelties and strange,
fierce maternal solicitudes. The insects of the
night—the great moths whose wings spread far
and wide in the dimness, and the huge fireflies, four
feet in length, whose beacons made the earth glow
in their pale, weird light—the insects of the night
had sought their hiding-places.

  Now the creatures of the day ventured forth.
A great ant-hill towered a hundred feet in the air.
Upon its gravel and boulder-strewn side a commo-
tion became visible.

  The earth crumbled, and fell into an invisible
opening, then a dark chasm appeared, and two slen-
der, threadlike antennas peered out.

  A warrior ant emerged, and stood for an instant
in the daylight, looking all about for signs of danger
to the ant-city. He was all of ten inches long, this
ant, and his mandibles were fierce and strong. A
second and third warrior came from the inside of
the ant-hill, and ran with tiny clickings about the
hillock, waving their antennse restlessly, searching,
ever searching for a menace to their city.

  They returned to the gateway from which they
had made their appearance, evidently bearing re-
assuring messages, because shortly after they had
reentered the gateway of the ant-city, a flood of
black, ill-smelling workers poured out of the open-
ing and dispersed upon
their business. The click-
ings of their limbs and an
occasional whining strid-
ulation made an inces-
sant sound as they scat-
tered over the earth,
foraging among the mush-
rooms and giant cabbages,
among the rubbish-heaps

of the gigantic beehives ___

and wasp colonies, and MMM——I

among the remains of the

tragedies of the night for food for their city.

  The city of the ants had begun its daily toil, toil
in which every one shared without supervision or
coercion. Deep in the recesses of the pyramid gal-
leries were hollowed out and winding passages that
led down a fathomless distance into the earth
below.

  Somewhere in the maze of tunnels there was a
royal apartment, in which the queen-ant reposed,
waited upon by assiduous courtiers, fed by royal
stewards, and combed and rubbed by the hands of
her subjects and children.

But even the huge monarch of the city had her
constant and pressing duty of maternity. A dozen

 ■y”OU <w/io have read. "The Mad Planet” by Murray
 Leinster, twill welcome the sequel to that story. The
 world, in a far distant future, is peopled with huge insects
 and titanic fungus growths. Life has been greatly altered,
 and tiny Man is now in the process of becoming acclimated
 to the change. IVe again meet our hero Burl, but this time
 a far greater danger menaces the human race. The huge
 insects are still in evidence, but the terror they inspire is as
 nothing compared to the deadly Red Dust. You will follow
 this remarkable story with breathless interest.

no less bound by the unwritten but imperative laws
of the city than they. From the time of waking to
the time of rest, she was ordained to be the queen-
mother in the strictest and most literal sense of the
word, for at intervals to be measured only in terms
of minutes she brought forth a single egg, perhaps
three inches in length, which was instantly seized
by one of her eager attendants and carried in haste
to the municipal nursery.

  There it was placed in a tiny cell a foot or more
in length until a sac-shaped grub appeared, all soft,
white body save for a tiny mouth. Then the nurses
took it in charge and fed it with curious, tender
gestures until it had waxed large and fat and slept
the sleep of metamorphosis. When it emerged from
its rudimentary cocoon it took the places of its
nurses until its soft skin had hardened into the
horny armor of the workers and soldiers, and then
it joined the throng of workers that poured out from
the city at dawn to forage for food, to bring back
its finds and to share with the warriors and the
nurses, the drone males and the young queens, and
all the other members of its communities, their
duties in the city itself. That was the life of the
social insect, absolute devotion to the cause of its
city, utter abnegation of self-interest for the sake
of its fellows—and death at their hands when their
usefulness was past. They neither knew nor ex-
pected more or less.

  It is a strange instinct that prompts these crea-
tures to devote their lives to their city, taking no
smallest thought for their individual good, without
even the call of maternity or sex to guide them.
Only the queen knows motherhood. The others
know nothing but toil, for purposes they do not un-
derstand, and to an end of which they cannot dream.

  At intervals all over the world of Burl’s time
these ant-cities rose above the surrounding ground,
some small and barely begun, and others ancient

colonies which were truly
the continuation of cities
first built when the ants
were insects to be crushed
beneath the feet of men.
These ancient strongholds
towered two, three, and
even four hundred feet
above the plains, and
their inhabitants would
have had to be numbered
in millions if not bil-
lions.

  Not all the earth was subject to the ants, however.
Bees and wasps and more deadly creatures crawled
over and flew above its surface. The bees were four
feet and more in length. And slender-waisted wasps
darted here and there, preying upon the colossal
crickets that sang deep bass music to their mates—
and the length of the crickets was the length of a
man, and more.

  Spiders with bloated bellies waited, motionless, in
their snares, whose threads were the size of small
cables, waiting for some luckless giant insect to be
entangled in the gummy traps. And butterflies flut-
tered over the festering plains of this new world,
tremendous creatures whose wings could only be

times the size of her largest loyal servant, she was measured in terms of yards.
880

AMAZING STORIES

  An outcropping of rock jutted up abruptly from a
fungus-covered plain. Shelf-fungi and strangely-
colored molds stained the stone until the shining
quartz was hidden almost completely from view, but
the whole glistened like tinted crystal from the dank
wetness of the night. Little wisps of vapor curled
away from the slopes as the moisture was taken up
by the already moisture-laden air.

  Seen from a distance, the outcropping of rock
looked innocent and still, but a nearer view showed
many things.

  Here a hunting wasp had come upon a gray worm,
and was methodically inserting its sting into each
of the twelve segments of the faintly writhing crea-
ture. Presently the worm would be completely
paralyzed, and would be carried to the burrow of
the wasp, where an egg would be laid upon it, from
which a tiny maggot would presently hatch. Then
weeks of agony for the great gray worm, conscious,
but unable to move, while the maggot fed upon its
living flesh—

  There the tiny spider, youngest of hatchlings,
barely four inches across, stealthily stalked some
other still tinier mite, the little, many-legged larva
of the oil-beetle, known as the bee-louse. The al-
most infinitely small bee-louse was barely two
inches long, and could easily hide in the thick fur
of a great bumblebee.

  This one small creature would never fulfill its
destiny, however. The hatchling spider sprang—
it was a combat of midgets which was soon over.
When tl#e spider had grown and was feared as a
huge, black-bellied tarantula, it would slay monster
crickets with the same ease and the same implac-
able ferocity.

   The outcropping of roclc looked still and innocent.
There was one point where it overhung, forming a
shelf, beneath which the stone fell away in a sheer-
drop. Many colored fungus growths covered the
rock, making it a riot of tints and shades. But
hanging from the rooflike projection of the stone
there was a strange, drab-white object. It was in
the shape of half a globe, perhaps six feet by six
feet at its largest. A number of little semicircular
doors were fixed about its sides, like inverted arches,
each closed by a blank wall. One of them would
open, but only one.

  The house was like the half of a pallid orange,
fastened to the roof of rock. Thick cables stretched
in every direction for yards upon yards, anchoring
the habitation firmly, but the most striking of the
things about the house—still and quiet and innocent,
like all the rest of the rock outcropping—were the
ghastly trophies fastened to the outer walls and
hanging from long silken chains below.

  Here was the hind leg of one of the smaller
beetles. There was the wing-case of a flying crea-
ture. Here a snail-shell, two feet in diameter, hang-
ing at the end of an inch-thick cable. There a
boulder that must have weighed thirty or forty
pounds, dangling in similar fashion.

  But fastened here and there, haphazard and ir-
regularly, were other more repulsive remnants.
The shrunken head-armor of a beetle, the fierce jaws
pf a cricket—the pitiful shreds of a hundred crea-

tures that had formed forgotten meals for the
bloated insect within the home.

  Comparatively small as was the nest of the clotho
spider, it was decorated as no ogre’s castle had ever
been adorned—legs sucked dry of their contents,
corselets of horny armor forever to be unused by
any creature, a wing of this insect, the head of that.
And dangling by the longest cord of all, with a
silken cable wrapped carefully about it to keep the
parts together, was the shrunken, shriveled, dried-
up body of a long-dead man!

  Outside, the nest was a place of gruesome relics.
Within, it was a place of luxury and ease. A
cushion of softest down filled all the bulging bottom
of the hemisphere. A canopy of similarly luxurious
texture interposed itself between the rocky roof and
the dark, hideous body of the resting spider.

  The eyes of the hairy creature glittered like
diamonds, even in the darkness, but the loathsome,
attenuated legs were tucked under the round-bellied
body, and the spider was at rest. It had fed.

  It waited, motionless, without desires or aver-
sions, without emotions or perplexities, in comfort-
able, placid, machinelike contentment until time
should bring the call to feed again.

  A fresh carcass had been added to the decorations
of the nest only the night before. For many days
the spider would repose in motionless splendor with-
in the silken castle. When hunger came again, a
nocturnal foray, a creature would be pounced upon
and slain, brought bodily to the nest, and feasted
upon, its body festooned upon the exterior, and an-
other half-sleeping, half-waking period of dreamful
idleness within the sybaritic charnel-house would
ensue.

  Slowly and timidly, half a dozen pink-skinned
creatures made their way through the mushroom
forest' that led to the out-cropping of rock under
which the clotho spider’s nest was slung. They
were men, degraded remnants of the once dominant
race.

  Burl was their leader, and was distinguished
solely by two three-foot stumps of the feathery,
golden antennas of a night-flying moth he had bound
to his forehead. In his hand was a horny, chitinous
spear, taken from the body of an unknown flying
creature killed by the flames of the burning purple
hills.

  Since Burl’s return from his solitary—and in-
voluntary—journey, he had been greatly revered by
his tribe. Hitherto it had been but a leaderless,
formless group of people, creeping to the same hid-
ing-place at nightfall to share in the food of the
fortunate, and shudder at the fate of those who
might not appear.

  Now Burl had walked boldly to them, bearing,
upon his back the gray bulk of a labyrinth spider
he had slain with his own hands, and clad in wonder-
ful garments of a gorgeousness they envied and
admired. They hung upon his words as he
struggled to tell them of his adventures, and slowly
and dimly they began to look to him for leadership.
He was wonderful. For days they had listened
breathlessly to the tale of his adventures, but when
he demanded that they follow him in another and
more perilous affair, they were appalled.
THE RED DUST

881

  A peculiar strength of will had come to Burl. He
had seen and done things that no man in the memory
of his tribe had seen or done. He had stood by
when the purple hills burned and formed a funeral
pyre for the horde of army ants, and for uncounted
thousands of flying creatures. He had caught a
leaping tarantula upon the point of his spear, and
had escaped from the web of a banded web-spider
by oiling his body so that the sticky threads of the
snare refused to hold him fast. He had attacked
and killed a great gray labyrinth spider.

  But most potent of all, he had returned and had
been welcomed by Saya—Saya of the swift feet
and slender limbs, whose smile roused strange
emotions in Bull’s breast.

  It was the adoring gaze of Saya that had roused
Burl to this last pitch of rashness. Months before
the clotho spider in the hemispherical silk castle
of the gruesome decorations had killed and eaten
one of the men of the tribe. Burl and the spider’s
victim had been together when the spider appeared,
and the first faint gray light of morning barely
silhouetted the shaggy, horrible creature as it
leaped from ambush behind a toadstool toward the
fear-stricken pair.

  Its attenuated legs were outstretched, its-man-
dibles gaped wide, and its jaws clashed horribly as
it formed a black blotch in mid air against the
lightening sky.

  Burl had fled, screaming, when the other man
was seized. Now, however, he was leading half a
dozen trembling men toward the inverted dome in
which the spider dozed. Two or three of them bore
spears like Burl himself, but they bore them awk-
wardly and timorously. Burl himself was possessed
by. a strange, fictitious courage. It was the utter
recklessness of youth, coupled with the eternal
masculine desire to display prowess before a desired
female.

  The wavering advance came to a halt. MosfTof
the naked men stopped from fear, but Burl stopped
to invoke his newly discovered inner self, that had
furnished him with such marvelous plans. Quite
accidentally he had found that if he persistently
asked himself a question, some sort of answer came
from within.

  Now he gazed up from a safe distance and asked
himself how he and the others were to slay the
clotho spider. The nest was some forty feet from
the ground, on the undersurface of a shelf of rock.
There was sheer open space beneath it, but it was
firmly held to its support by long, silken cables that
curled to the upper side of the rock-shelf, clinging
to the stone.

  Burl gazed, and presently an idea came to him.
He beckoned to the others to follow him, and they
did so, their knees knocking together from their
fright. At the slightest alarm they would flee,
screaming in fear, but Burl did not plan that there
should be any alarm.

  He led them to the rear of the singular rock
formation, up the gently sloping side, and toward
the precipitous edge. He drew near the point where
the rock fell away. A long, tentacle-like silk cable
curled up over the edge of a little promontory of
stone that jutted out into nothingness.

  Burl began to feel oddly cold, and something of
the panic of the other men communicated itself to
him. This was one of the anchoring cables that
held the spider’s castle secure. He looked and found
others, six or seven in all, which performed the task
of keeping the shaggy, horrid ogre’s home from
falling to the ground below.

  His idea did not desert him, however, and he
drew back, to whisper orders to his followers. They
obeyed him solely because they were afraid, and he
spoke in an authoritative tone, but they did obey,
and brought a dozen heavy boulders of perhaps
forty pounds weight each.

  Burl grasped one of the silken cables at its end
and tore it loose from the rock for a space of per-
haps two yards. His flesh crawled as he did so,
but something within him drove him on. Then,
while beads of perspiration stood out on his fore-
head-induced by nothing less than cold, physical
fear—he tied the boulder to the cable. The first
one done, he felt emboldened, and made a second
fast, and a third.

  One of his men stood near the edge of the rock,
listening in agonized apprehension. Burl had soon
tied a heavy stone to each of the cables he saw, and
as a matter of fact, there was but one of them he
failed to notice. That one had been covered by the
flaking mold that took the place of grass upon the
rocky eminence.

  There were left upon the promontory, several of
the boulders for which there was no use, but Bur.’
did not attempt to double the weights on the cables.
He took his followers aside and explained his plan
in whispers. Quaking, they agreed, and, trembling,
they prepared to carry it out.

  One of them stationed himself beside each of the
boulders, Burl at the largest. He gave a signal, and
half a dozen ripping, tearing sounds broke the sullen
silence of the day. The boulders clashed and clat-
tered down the rocky side of the precipice, tearing
—perhaps “peeling”—the cables from their ad-
hesion to the stone. They shot into open space and
jerked violently at the half-globular nest, which was
wrenched from its place by the combined impetus
of the six heavy weights.

  Burl had flung himself upon his face to watch
what he was sure would be the death of the spider
as it fell forty feet and more, imprisoned in its
heavily weighted home. His eyes sparkled with
triumph as he saw the ghastly, trophy-laden house
swing out from the cliff. Then he gasped in terror.

  One of the cables had not been discovered. That
single cable held the spider’s castle from a fall,
though the nest had been torn from its anchorage,
and now dangled heavily on its side in mid air.
A convulsive struggle seemed to be going on within.

  Then one of the archlike doors opened, and the
spider emerged, evidently in terror, and confused
by the light of day, but still venomous and still
deadly. It found but a single of its anchoring cables
intact, that leading to the cliff top hard by Burl’s
head.	,

  The spider sprang for this single cable, and its
legs grasped the slender thread eagerly while it
began to climb rapidly up toward the cliff top.

  As with all the creatures of Burl’s time, its first
882

AMAZING STORIES

thought was of battle, not flight, and it came up the
thin cord with its poison fangs unsheathed and its
mandibles clashing in rage. The shaggy hair upon
its body seemed to bristle with insane ferocity, and
the horrible, thin legs moved with desperate haste
as it hastened to meet and wreak vengeance upon
the cause of its sudden alarm.

  Burl’s followers fled, uttering shrieks of fear,
and Burl started to his feet, in the grip of a terrible
panic. Then his hand struck one of the heavy
boulders. Exerting every ounce of his strength,
he pushed it over the cliff just where the cable ap-
peared above the edge. For the fraction of a second
there was silence, and then the indescribable sound
of an impact against a soft body.

  There was a gasping cry, and a moment later the
curiously muffled clatter of the boulder striking the
earth below. Somehow, the sound suggested that
the boulder had struck first upon some soft object.

  A faint cry came from the bottom of the hill. The
last of Burl’s men was leaping to a hiding-place
among the mushrooms of the forest, and had seen
the sheen of shining armor just before him. He
cried out and waited for death, but only a delicately
formed wasp rose heavily into the air, bearing be-
neath it the more and more feebly struggling body
of a giant cricket.

  Burl had stood paralyzed, deprived of the power
of movement, after casting the boulder over the
cliff. That one action had taken the last ounce
of his initiative, and if the spider had hauled itself
over the rocky edge and darted toward him, slaver-
ing its thick spittle and uttering sounds of mad
fury, Burl would not even have screamed as it seized
him. He was like a dead thing. But the oddly
muffled sound of the boulder striking the ground
below brought back hope of life and power of
movement.

  He peered over the cliff. The nest still dangled
at the end of the single cable, still freighted with
its gruesome trophies, but on the ground below a
crushed and horribly writhing form was moving
in convulsions of rage and agony.

  Long, hairy legs worked desperately from a body
that was no more than a mass of pulped flesh. A
ferocious jaw tried to clamp upon something—and
there was no other jaw to meet it. An evil-smelling,
sticky liquid exuded from the mangled writhing,
thing upon the earth, moving in terrible contortions
of torment.

  Presently an ant drew near and extended inquisi-
tive antennae at the helpless monster wounded to
death. A shrill stridulation sounded out, and three
or four other foot-long ants hastened up to wait
patiently just outside the spider’s reach until its
struggles should have lessened enough to make pos-
sible the salvage of flesh from the perhaps still-
living creature for the ant city a mile away.

  And Burl, up on the cliff-top, danced and gesti-
culated in triumph. He had killed the clotho spider,
which had slain one of the tribesmen four months
before. Glory was his. All the tribesmen had seen
the spider living. Now he would show them the
spider dead. He stopped his dance of triumph and
walked down the hill in haughty grandeur. He
would reproach his timid followers for fleeing from
the spider, leaving him to kill it alone.

  Quite naively Burl assumed that it was his place
to give orders and that of the others to obey. True,
no one had attempted to give orders before, or to
enforce their execution, but Burl had reached the
eminently wholesome conclusion that he was a won-
derful person whose wishes should be respected.

  Burl, filled with fresh notions of his own import-
ance, strutted on toward the hiding-place of the
tribe, growing more and more angry with the other
men for having deserted him. He would reproach
them, would probably beat them. They would be
afraid to protest, and in the future would undoubt-
edly be afraid to run away.

  Burl was quite convinced that running away
was something he could not tolerate in his followers.
Obscurely—and conveniently in the extreme back of
his mind—he reasoned that not only did a larger
number of men present at a scene of peril increase
the chances of coping with the danger, but they also
increased the chances that the victim selected by
the dangerous creature would be another than him-
self.

  Burl’s reasoning was unsophisticated, but sound;
perhaps unconscious, but none the less effective.
He grew quite furious with the deserters. They
had run away! They had fled from a mere spider.

  A shrill whine filled the air, and a ten-inch ant
dashed at Burl with its mandibles extended threaten-
ingly. Burl’s path had promised to interrupt the
salvaging work of the insect, engaged in scraping
shreds of flesh from the corselet of one of the
smaller beetles slain the previous night. The ant
dashed at Burl like an infuriated fox-terrier, and
Burl scurried away in undignified retreat. The ant
might not be dangerous, but bites from its formic
acid-poisoned mandibles were no trifles.

  Burl came to the tangled thicket of mushrooms
in which his tribe-folk hid. The entrance was
tortuous and difficult to penetrate, and could be
blocked on occasion with stones and toadstool pulp.
Burl made his way toward the central clearing, and
heard as he went the sound of weeping, and the
excited chatter of the tribes people.

  Those who had fled from the rocky cliff had re-
turned with the news that Burl was dead, and Saya
lay weeping beneath an ovfer-shadowing toadstool.
She was not yet the mate of Burl, but the time
would come when all the tribe would recognize a
status dimly different from the usual tribal relation-
ship.

  Burl stepped into the clearing, and straightway
cuffed the first man he came upon, then the next
and the ifext. There was a cry of astonishment,
and the next second instinctive, fearful glances at
that entrance to the hiding-place.

  Had Burl fled from the spider, and was it follow-
ing? Burl spoke loftily, saying that the spider was
dead, that its legs, each one the length of a man,
were still, and its fierce jaws and deadly poison-
fangs harmless forevermore.

  Ten minutes later he was leading an incredulous,
awed little group of pink-skinned people to the spot
below the cliff where the spider actually lay dead,
with the'ants busily at work upon its remains.

  And when he went back to the hiding-place he
donned again his great cloak that was made from
the wing of a magnificent moth, slain by the flames
THE RED DUST

883

of the purple hills, and sat down in splendor upon a
crumbling toadstool, to feast upon the glances of
admiration and awe that were sent toward him.
Only Saya held back shyly, until he motioned for
her to draw near, when she seated herself at his
feet and gazed up at him with unutterable adoration
in her eyes.

  But while Burl basked in the radiance of his
tribe’s admiration, danger was drawing near them
all. For many months there had been strange red
mushrooms growing slowly here and there all over
the earth, they knew. The tribe-folk had speculated
about them, but forebore tasting them because
they were strange, and strange things were
usually dangerous and often fatal.

  Now those red growths had ripened and grown
ready to emit their spores. Their rounded tops
had grown fat, and the tough skin grew taut as if
a strange pressure were being applied from within.
And to-day, while Burl luxuriated in his position of
feared and admired great man of his tribe, at a spot
a long distance away, upon a hill-top, one of the
red mushrooms burst. The spores inside the taut,
tough skin shot all about as if scattered by an ex-
plosion, and made a little cloud of reddish, im-
palpable dust, which hung in the air and moved
slowly with the sluggish breeze.

  A bee droned into the thin red cloud of dust,
lazily and heavily flying back toward the hive. But
barely had she entered the tinted atmosphere when
her movements became awkward and convulsive,
effortful and excited. She trembled and twisted in
mid air in a peculiar fashion, then dropped to the
earth, while her abdomen moved violently.

  Bee3, like almost all insects, breathe through
spiracles on the undersurfaces of their abdomens.
This bee had breathed in some of the red mush-
room’s spores. She thrashed about desperately
upon the toadstools on which she had fallen, strug-
gling for breath, for life.

  After a long time she was still. The cloud of
red mushroom spores had strangled or poisoned her.
And everywhere the red fringe grew, such explo-
sions were taking place, one by one, and wherever
the red clouds hung in the air creatures were breath-
ing them in and dying in convulsions of strangula-
tion.

CHAPTER II

The Journey

DARKNESS. The soft, blanketing night of
the age of fungoids had fallen over all the
earth, and there was blackness everywhere
that was not good to have. Here and there, how-
ever, dim, bluish lights glowed near the ground.
There an intermittent glow showed that a fire-fly
had wandered far from the rivers and swamps
above which most of his kind now congregated. Now
a faintly luminous ball of fire drifted above the
steaming, moisture-sodden earth. It was a will-o'-
the-wisp, grown to a yard in diameter.

  From the low-hanging banks of clouds that hung
perpetually overhead, large, warm raindrops fell
ceaselessly. A drop, a pause, and then another drop,

added to the already dank moisture of the ground
below.

  The world of fungus growths flourished on just
such dampness and humidity. It seemed as if the
toadstools and mushrooms could be heard, swelling
and growing large in the darkness. Rustlings and
stealthy movements sounded furtively through the
night, and from above the heavy throb of mighty
wing-beats was continuous.

  The tribe was hidden in the midst of a tangled
copse of toadstools too thickly interwoven for the
larger insects to penetrate. Only the little midgets
hid in its recesses during the night-time, and the
smaller moths during the day.

  About and among the bases of the toadstools,
however, where their spongy stalks rose from the
humid earth, small beetles roamed, singing cheer-
fully to themselves in deep bass notes. They were
small and round, some six or eight inches long, and
their bellies were pale gray.

  And as they went about they emitted sounds
which would have been chirps had they been other
than low as the lowest tone of a harp. They were
truffle-beetles, in search of the dainty tidbits on
which epicures once had feasted.

  Some strange sense seemed to tell them when one
of half a dozen varieties of truffle was beneath
them, and they paused in their wandering to dig a
tunnel straight down. A foot, two feet, or two
yards, all was the same to them. In time they would
come upon the morsel they sought and would re-
main at the bottom of their temporary home until
it. was consumed. Then another period of wander-
ing, singing their cheerful song, until another likely
spot was reached and another tunnel begun.

  In a tiny, open space in the center of the toad-
stool thicket the tribe-folk slept with the deep notes
of the truffle-beetles in their ears. A hew danger
had come to them, but they had passed it on to Burl
with a new and childlike confidence and considered
the matter settled. They slept, while beneath a glow-
ing mushroom at one side of the clearing Burl
struggled with his new problem. He squatted upon
the ground in the dim radiance of the shining toad-
stool, his moth-wing cloak wrapped about him, his
spear in his hand, and his twin golden plumes of
the moth’s antennas bound to his forehead. But his
face was downcast as a child’s.

  The red mushrooms had begun to burst. Only
that day, one of the women, seeking edible fungus
for the tribal larder, had seen the fat, distended
globule of the red mushroom. Its skin was stretched
taut, and glistened in the light.

  The woman paid little or no attention to the red
growth. Her ears were attuned to catch sounds
that would warn her of danger while her eyes
searched for tidbits that would make a meal for the
tribe, and more particularly for her small son, left
behind at the hiding-place.

  A ripping noise made her start up, alert on the
instant. The red envelope of the mushroom had
split across the top, and a thick cloud of brownish-
red dust was spurting in every direction. It formed
a pyramidal cloud some thirty feet in height, which
ei.’-.rged and grew thinner with minor eddies within
itself.

  A little yellow butterfly with wings barely a yard
884

AMAZING STORIES

from tip to tip, flapped lazily above the mushroom-
covered plain. Its wings beat the air with strokes
that seemed like playful taps upon a friendly
element. The butterfly was literally intoxicated
with the sheer joy of living. It had emerged from
its cocoon barely two hours before, and was making
its maiden flight above the strange and wonderful
world. It fluttered carelessly into the red-brown
cloud of mushroom spores.

  The woman was watching the slowly changing
form of the spore-mist. She saw the butterfly enter
the brownish dust, and then her eyes became greedy.
There was something the matter with the butter-
fly. Its wings no longer moved lazily and gently.
They struck out in frenzied, hysterical blows that
were erratic and wild. The little yellow creature no
longer floated lightly and easily, but dashed here
and there, wildly and without purpose, seeming to
be in its death-throes.

  It crashed helplessly against the ground and lay
there, moving feebly. The woman hurried forward.
The wings would be new fabric with which to adorn
herself, and the fragile legs of the butterfly con-
tained choice meat. She entered the dust-cloud.

  A stream of intolerable fire—though the woman
had never seen or known of fire—burned her
nostrils and seared her lungs. She gasped in pain,
and the agony was redoubled. Her eyes smarted as
if burning from their sockets, and tears blinded
her.

  The woman instinctively turned about to flee, but
before she had gone a dozen yards—blinded as she
was—she stumbled and fell to the ground. She lay
there, gasping, and uttering moans of pain, until
one of the men of the tribe who had been engaged
in foraging near by saw her and tried to find what
had injured her.

  She could not speak, and he was about to leave
her and tell the other tribe-folk about her when he
heard the clicking of an ant’s limbs, and rather than
have the ant pick her to pieces bit by bit—and leave
his curiosity ungratified—the man put her across
his shoulders and bore her back to the hiding-place
of the tribe.

  It was the tale the woman had told when she
partly recovered that caused Burl to sit alone all
that night beneath the shining toadstool in the little
clearing, puzzling his just-awakened brain to know
what to do.

  The year before there had been no red mush-
rooms. They had appeared only recently, but Burl
dimly remembered that one day, a long time before,
there had been a strange breeze which blew for
three day and nights, and that during the time of
its blowing all the tribe had been sick and had wept
continually.

  Burl had not yet reached the point of mental
development when he would associate that breeze
with a storm at a distance, or reason that the spores
of the red mushrooms had been borne upon the
wind to the present resting-places of the deadly
fungus growths. Still less could he decide that the
breeze had not been deadly only because it was
lightly laden with the fatal dust.

  He knew simply that unknown red mushrooms
had appeared, that they were everywhere about, and
that they would burst, and that to breathe the red

dust they gave out was grievous sickness or death.

  The triba slept while the bravely attired figure of
Burl squatted under the glowing disk of the lumin-
ous mushroom, his face a picture of querulous per-
plexity, and his heart full of sadness.

  He had consulted his strange inner self, and no
plan had come to him. He knew the red mushrooms
were all about. They would fill the air with their
poison. He struggled with his problem while his
people slumbered, and the woman who had breathed
the mushroom-dust sobbed softly in her troubled
sleep.

  Presently a figure stirred on the farther side of
the olearing. Saya woke and raised her head. She
saw Burl crouching by the shining toadstool, his
gay attire draggled and unnoticed. She watched
him for a little, and the desolation of his pose awoke
her pity.

  She rose and went to his side, taking his hand
between her two, while she spoke his name softly.
When he turned and looked at her, confusion smote
her, but the misery in his face brought confidence
again.

  Burl’s sorrow was inarticulate—he could not ex-
plain this new responsibility for his people that
had come to him—but he was comforted by her
presence, and she sat down beside him. After a
long time she slept, with her head resting against
his side, but he continued to question himself, con-
tinued to demand an escape for his people from the
suffering and danger he saw ahead. With the day
an answer came.

  When Burl had been carried down the river on
his fungus raft, and had landed in the country of
the army ants, he had seen great forests of edible
mushrooms, and had said to himself that he would
bring Saya to that place. He remembered, now,
that the red mushrooms were there also, but the
idea of a journey remained.

  The hunting-ground of his tribe had been free of
the red fungoids until recently. If he traveled far
enough he would come to a place where there were
still no red toadstools. Then came the decision.
He would lead his tribe to a far country.

  He spoke with stern authority when the tribes-
men woke, talking in few words and in a loud voice,
holding up his spear as he gave his orders.

  The timid, pink-skinned people obeyed him
meekly. They had seen the body of the clotho spider
he had slain, and he had thrown down before them
the gray bulk of the labyrinth spider he had thrust
through with his spear. Now he was to take them
through unknown dangers to an unknown haven,
but they feared to displease him.

  They made light loads of their mushrooms and
such meat-stuffs as they had, and parceled out what
little fabric they still possessed. Three men bore
spears, in addition to Burl’s long shaft, and he had
persuaded the other three to carry clubs, showing
them how the weapon should be wielded.

  The indefinitely brighter spot in the cloud-banks
above that meant the shining sun had barely gone
a quarter of the way across the sky when the
trembling band of timid creatures made their way
from their hiding-place and set out upon their
journey. For their course, Burl depended entirely
upon chance. He avoided the direction of the river,
THE RED DUST

885

however, and the path along which he had returned
to his people. He knew the red mushrooms grew
there. Purely by accident he set his march toward
the west, and walked cautiously on, his tribes-folk
following him fearfully.

  Burl walked ahead, his spear held ready. He
made a figure at once brave and pathetic, ventur-
ing forth in a world of monstrous ferocity and in-
credible malignance, armed only with a horny spear
borrowed from a dead insect. His velvety cloak,
made from a moth’s wing, hung about his figure
in graceful folds, however, and twin golden plumes
nodded jauntily from his forehead.

  Behind him the nearly naked people followed re-
luctantly. Here a woman with a baby in her arms,
there children of nine or ten, unable to resist the
instinct to play even in the presence of the manifold
dangers of the march. They ate hungrily of the
lumps of mushroom they had been ordered to carry.
Then a long-legged boy, his eyes roving anxiously
about in search of danger followed.

  Thirty thousand years of flight from every peril
had deeply submerged the combative nature of
humanity. After the boy came two men, one with a
short spear, and the other with a club, each with a
huge mass of edible mushroom under his free arm,
and both badly frightened at the idea of fleeing
from dangers they knew and feared to dangers they
did not know and consequently feared much more.

  So was the caravan spread out. It made its way
across the country with many deviations from a
fixed line, and with many halts and pauses. Once
a shrill stridulation filled all the air before them, a
monster sound compounded of innumerable clickings
and high-pitched cries.

  They came to the tip of an eminence and saw
a great space of ground covered with tiny black
bodies locked in combat. For quite half a mile in
either direction the earth was black with ants,
snapping and biting at each other, .locked in vise-
like embraces, each combatant couple trampled un-
der the feet of the contending armies, with no
thought of surrender or quarter.

  The sound of the clashing of fierce jaws upon
horny armor, the cries of the maimed, and strange
sounds made by the dying, and above all, the whin-
ing battle-cry of each of the fighting hordes, made
a sustained uproar that was almost deafening.

  From either side of the battle-ground a pathway
led back to separate ant-cities, a pathway marked by
the hurrying groups of reinforcements rushing to
the fight. Tiny as the ants were, for once no lumber-
ing beetle swaggered insolently in their path, nor
did the hunting-spiders mark them out for prey.
Only little creatures smaller than the combatants
themselves made use of the insect war for purposes
of their own.

  These were litle gray ants barely more than four
inches long, who scurried about in and among the
fighting creatures with marvelous dexterity, carry-
ing off, piece-meal, the bodies of the dead, and slay-
ing the wounded for the same fate.

  They hung about the edges of the battle, and in-
vaded the abandoned areas when the tide of battle
shifted, insect guerillas, fighting for their own
hands, careless of the origin of the quarrel, espous-

ing no cause, simply salvaging the dead and living
debris of the combat.

  Burl and his little group of followers had to make
a wide detour to avoid the battle itself, and the
passage between bodies of reinforcements hurrying
to the scene of strife was a matter of some difficulty.
The ants running rapidly toward the battle-field
were hugely excited. Their antennse waved wildly,
and the infrequent wounded one, limping back to-
ward the city, was instantly and repeatedly chal-
lenged by the advancing insects.

  They crossed their antenna upon his, and re-
quired thorough evidence that he was of the proper
city before allowing him to proceed. Once they
arrived at the battle-field they flung themselves into
the fray, becoming lost and indistinguishable in the
tide of straining, fighting black bodies.

  Men in such a battle, without distinguishing
marks or battle-cries, would have fought among
themselves as often as against their foes, but the
ants had a much simpler method of identification.
Each ant-city possesses its individual odor—a
variant on the scent of formic acid—and each in-
dividual of that city is recognized in his world quite
simply and surely by the way he smells.

  The little tribe of human beings passed pre-
cariously behind a group of a hundred excited in-
sect warriors, and before the following group of
forty equally excited black insects. Burl hurried
on with his following, putting many miles of peril-
ous territory behind before nightfall. Many times
during the day they saw the sudden billowing of a
red-brown dust-cloud from the earth, and more
than once they came upon the empty skin and
drooping stalk of one of the red mushrooms, and
more often still they came upon the mushrooms
themselves, grown fat and taut, prepared to send
their deadly spores into the air when the pressure
from within became more than the leathery skin
could stand.

  That night the tribe hid among the bases of giant
puff-balls, which at a touch shot out a puff of white
powder resembling smoke. The powder was pre-
cisely the same in nature as that cast out by the
red mushrooms, but its effects were marvelously—
and mercifully—different; it was innocuous.

  Burl slept soundly this night, having been two
days and a night without rest, but the remainder
of his tribe, and even Saya, were fearful and afraid,
listening ceaselessly all through the dark hours for
the menacing sounds of creatures coming to prey
upon them.

  And so for a week the march kept on. Burl
would not allow his tribe to stop to forage for food.
The red mushrooms were all about. Once one of
the little children was caught in a whirling eddy of
red dust, and its mother rushed into the deadly
stuff to seize it and bring it out. Then the tribe
had to hide for three days while the two of them
recovered from the debilitating poison.

  Once, too, they found a half-acre patch of the
giant cabbages—there were six of them full grown,
and a dozen or more smaller ones—and Burl took
two men and speared two of the huge, twelve-foot
slugs that fed upon the'leaves. When the tribe
passed on it was gorged on the fat meat of the slugs,
886

AMAZING STORIES

and there was much soft fur, so that all the tribe-
folk wore loin-cloths of the yellow stuff.

  There were perils, too, in the journey. On the
fourth day of the tribe’s traveling, Burl froze sud-
denly into stillness. One of the hairy tarantulas—
a trap-door spider with a black belly—had fallen
upon a scarabseus beetle, and was devouring it only
a hundred yards ahead.

  The tribe-folk, trembling, went back for half a
mile or more in panic-stricken silence, and refused
to advance until he had led them a detour of two
or three miles to one side of the dangerous spot.

  Long, fear-ridden marches through perilous coun-
tries unknown to them, through the golden aisles of
yellow mushroom forests, over the flaking surfaces
of plains covered with many-colored “rusts” and
molds; pauses beside turbid pools whose waters
were concealed by thick layers of green slime, and
other evil-smelling ponds which foamed and bubbled
slowly, which were covered with pasty yeasts that
rose in strange forms of discolored foam.

  Fleeting glimpses they had of the glistening
spokes of symmetrical spiders’-webs, whose least
thread it would have been beyond the power of the
strongest of the tribe to break. They passed through
a forest of puff-balls, which boomed when touched
and shot a puff of vapor from their open mouths.

  Once they saw a long and sinuous insect that fled
before them and disappeared into a burrow in the
ground, running with incredible speed upon legs
of uncountable number. It was a centipede all of
thirty feet in length, and when they crossed the
path it had followed a horrible stench came to their
nostrils so that they hurried on.

  Long escape from unguessed dangers brought
boldness, of a sort, to the pink-skinned men, and
they would have rested. They went to Burl with
their complaint, and he simply pointed with his
hands behind them. There were three little clouds
of brownish vapor in the air, where they could see,
along the road they had traversed. To the right of
them a dust-cloud was just settling, and to the left
another rose as they looked.

  A new trick of the deadly dust became apparent
now. Toward the end of a day in which they had
traveled a long distance, one of the little children
ran a little to the left of the route its elders were
following. The earth had taken on a brownish hue,
and the child stirred up the surface mould with its
feet.

  The brownish dust that had settled there was
raised again, and the child ran, crying and choking,
to its mother, its lungs burning as with fire, and
its eyes like hot coals. Another day would pass be-
fore the child could walk.

  In a strange country, knowing nothing of the
dangers that might assail the tribe while waiting
for the child to recover, Burl looked about for a
hiding-place Far over to the right a low cliff,
perhaps twenty or thirty feet high, showed sides of
crumbling, yellow clay, and from where Burl stood
he could see the dark openings of burrows scattered
here and there upon its face.

  He watched for a time, to see if any bee or wasp
inhabited them, knowing that many kinds of both
insects dig burrows for their young, and do not oc-
cupy them themselves. No dark forms appeared,

however, and he led his people toward the openings.

  The appearance of the holes confirmed his sur-
mise. They had been dug months before by mining
bees, and the entrances were “weathered” and worn.
The tribe-folk made their way into the three-foot
tunnels, and hid themselves, seizing the opportunity
to gorge themselves upon the food they carried.

  Burl stationed himself near the outer end of one
of the little caves to watch for signs of danger.
While waiting he poked curiously with his spear at
a little pile of white and sticky parchment-like stuff
he saw just within the mouth of the tunnel.

  Instantly movement became visible. Fifty, sixty,
or a hundred tiny creatures, no more than half an
inch in length, tumbled pell-mell from the dirty-
white heap. Awkward legs, tiny, greenish-black
bodies, and bristles protruding in every direction
made them strange to look upon.

  They had tumbled from the whitish heap and now
they made haste to hide themselves in it again,
moving slowly and clumsily, with immense effort
and laborious contortions of their bodies.

  Burl had never seen any insect progress in such
a slow and ineffective fashion before. He drew one
little insect back with the point of his spear and
examined it from a safe distance. Tiny jaws before
the head met like twin sickles, and the whole body
was shaped like a rounded diamond lozenge.

  Burl knew that no insect of such small size could
be dangerous, and leaned over, then took one crea-
ture in his hand. It wriggled frantically and slip-
ped from his fingers, dropping upon the soft yellow
caterpillar-fur he had about his middle. Instantly,
as if it were a conjuring trick, the little insect van-
ished, and Burl searched for a matter of minutes
before he found it hidden deep in the long, soft hairs
of the fur, resting motionless, and evidently at ease.

  It was a bee-louse, the first larval form of a
beetle whose horny armor could be seen in frag-
ments for yards before the clayey cliff-side. Hid-
den in the openings of the bee’s tunnel, it waited
until the bee-grubs farther back in their separate
cells should complete their changes of form and
'emerge into the open air, passing over the cluster
of tiny creatures at the door-way. As the bees
pass, the little bee-lice would clamber in eager
haste up their hairy legs and come to rest in the
fur about their thoraxes. Then, weeks later, when
the bees in turn made other cells and stocked them
with honey for the eggs they would lay, the tiny
creatures would slip from their resting-places and
be left behind in the fully provisioned cell, to eat
not only the honey the bee had so laboriously ac-
quired, but the very grub hatched from the bee’s
egg.

  Burl had no difficulty in detaching the small in-
sect and casting it away, but in doing so discovered
three more that had hidden themselves in his
furry garment, no doubt thinking it the coat of
their natural, though unwilling hosts. He plucked
them away, and discovered more, and more. His
garment was the hiding-place for dozens of the
creatures.

  Disgusted and annoyed, he went out of the cavern
and to a spot some distance away, where he took
off his robe and pounded it with the flat side of
his spear to dislodge the visitors. They dropped
THE RED DUST

887

out one by one, reluctantly, and finally the garment
was clean of them. Then Burl heard a shout from
the direction of the mining-bee caves, and hastened
toward the sound.

  It was then drawing toward the time of dark-
ness, but one of the tribesmen had ventured out
and found no less than three of the great imperial
mushrooms. Of the three, one had been attacked
by a parasitic purple mould, but the gorgeous yel-
low of the other two was undimmed, and the peo-
ple were soon feasting upon the firm flesh.

  B-url felt a little pang of jealousy, though he
joined in the consumption of the find as readily
as the others, and presently drew a little to one
side.

  He cast his eyes across the country, level and
unbroken as far as the eye could see. The small
clay cliff was the only inequality visible, and its
height cut off all vision on one side. But the view
toward the horizon was unobstructed on three sides,
and here and there the black speck of a monster
bee could be seen, droning homeward to its hive
or burrow, and sometimes the slender form of a
wasp passed overhead, its transparent wings in-
visible from the rapidity of their vibrations.

  These flew high in the air, but lower down,
barely skimming the tops of the many-colored mush-
rooms and toadstools, fluttering lightly above the
swollen fungoids, and touching their dainty probos-
cides to unspeakable things in default of the
fragrant flowers that were normal food for their
races—lower down flew the multitudes of butter-
flies the age of mushrooms had produced.

  White and yellow and red and brown, pink and
blue and purple and green, every shade and every
color, every size and almost every shape, they
flitted gaily in the air. There were some so tiny
that they would barely have shaded Burl’s face, and
some beneath whose slender bodies he could have
hidden himself. They flew in a riot of colors and
tihts above a world of foul mushroom growths, and
turgid, slime-covered ponds.

  Burl, temporarily out of the limelight because
of the discovery of a store of food by another mem-
ber of the tribe, bethought himself of an idea. Soon
night would come on, the cloud-bank would turn
red in the west, and then darkness would lean down-
ward from the sky. With the coming of that time
these creatures of the day would seek hiding-
places, and the air would be given over to the furry
moths that flew by night. He, Burl, would mark the
spot where one of the larger creatures alighted,
and would creep up upon it, with his spear held fast.

  His wide blue eyes brightened at the thought,
and he sat himself down to watch. After a long
time the soft, down-reaching fingers of the night
touched the shaded aisles of the mushroom forests,
and a gentle haze arose above the golden glades.
One by one the gorgeous fliers of the daytime dip-
ped down and furled their painted wings. The over-
hanging clouds became darker—finally black, and
the slow, deliberate rainfall that lasted all through
the night began. Burl rose and crept away into
the darkness, his spear held in readiness.

  Through the black night, beneath deeper black-
nesses which were the dark undersides of huge
toadstools, creeping silently, with every sense alert

for sign of danger or for hope of giant prey, Burl
made his slow advance.

  A glorious butterfly of purple and yellow mark-
ings, whose wings spread out for three yards on
either side of its delicately formed body, had hidden
itself barely two hundred yards away. Burl could
imagine it, now, preening its slender limbs and
combing from its long and slender proboscis any
trace of the delectable foodstuffs on which it had
fed during the day. Burl moved slowly and
cautiously forward, all eyes and ears.

  He heard an indescribable sound in a thicket a
little to his left, and shifted his course. The sound
was the faint whistling of air through the breath-
ing-holes along an insect’s abdomen. Then came
the delicate rustling of filmy wings being stretched
and closed again, and the movement of sharply
barbed feet upon the soft earth. Burl moved in
breathless silence, holding his spear before him
in readiness to plunge it into the gigantic butter-
fly’s soft body.

  The mushrooms here were grown thickly to-
gether, so there was no room for Burl’s body to pass
between their stalks, and the rounded heads were
deformed and misshapen from their crowdings. Burl
spent precious moments in trying to force a silent
passage, but had to own himself beaten. Then he
clambered up upon the spongy mass of mushroom
heads, trusting to luck that they would sustain his
weight.

  The blackness was intense, so that even the forms
of objects before him were lost in obscurity. He
moved forward for some ten yards, however, walk-
ing gingerly over his precarious foothold. Then he
felt rather than saw the opening before him. A
body moved below him.

  Burl raised his spear, and with a yell plunged
down on the back of the moving thing, thrusting
his spear with all the force he could command. He
landed on a shifting form, but his yell of triumph
turned to a scream of terror.

  This was not the yielding body of a slender but-
terfly that he-had come upon, nor had his spear
.penetrated the creature’s soft flesh. He had fallen
upon the shini-ng back of one of the huge, meat-
eating beetles, and his spear had slid across the
horny armor, and then stuck fast, having pierced
only the leathery tissue between the insect’s head'
and thorax.

  Burl’s terror was pitiable at the realization, but
as nothing to the ultimate panic which possessed
him when the creature beneath him uttered a grunt
of fright and pain, and, spreading its stiff wing-
cases wide, shot upward in a crazy, panic-stricken,
rocket-like flight toward the sky.

CHAPTER III
The Sexton-Beetles

BURL fell headforemost upon the spongy top
of a huge toadstool that split with the im-
pact and let him through to the ground be-
neath, powdering him with its fine spores. He
came to rest with his naked shoulder half-way
through the yielding flesh of a mushroom-stalk, and
888

AMAZING STORIES

la? there for a seoond, catching his breath to scream
again.

  Then he heard the whining buzz of his attempted
prey. There was something wrong with the beetle.
Burl’s spear had struck it in an awkward spot, and
it was rocketing upward in erratic flight that
ended in a crash two or three hundreds yards away.

  Burl sprang up in an instant. Perhaps, despite
his mistake, he had slain this infinitely more worthy
victim. He rushed toward the spot where it had
fallen.

  His wide blue eyes pierced the darkness well
enough to enable him to sheer off from masses of
toadstools, but he could distinguish no details—
nothing but forms. He heard the beetle floundering
upon the ground; then heard it mount again into
the air, more clumsily than before.

  Its wing-beats no longer kept up a sustained note.
They thrashed the air irregularly and wildly. The
flight was zigzag and uncertain, and though longer
than the first had been, it ended similarly, in a
heavy fall. Another period of floundering, and the
beetle took to the air again just before Burl ar-
rived at the spot.

  It was obviously seriously hurt, and Burl forgot
the dangers of the night in his absorption in the
chase. He darted after his prey, fleet-footed and
agile, taking chances that in cold blood he would
never have thought of.

  Twice, in the pain-racked struggles of the mon-
ster beetle, he arrived at the spot where the gigantic
insect flung itself about madly, insanely, fighting
it knew not what, striking out with colossal wings
and legs, dazed and drunk with agony. And each
time it managed to get aloft in flight that was
weaker and more purposeless.

  Crazy, fleeing from the torturing spear that
pierced its very vitals, the beetle blundered here
and there, floundering among the mushroom
thickets in spasms that were constantly more pro-
longed and more agonized, but nevertheless flying
heavily, lurching drunkenly, managing to graze the
tops of the toadstools in one more despairing, tor-
mented flight.

  And Burl followed, aflame with the fire of the
chase, arriving at the scene of each successive,
panic-stricken struggle on the ground just after the
beetle had taken flight again, but constantly more
closely on the heels of the weakening monster.

  At last he came up panting, and found the giant
lying upon the earth, moving feebly, apparently
unable to rise. How far he was from the tribe,
Burl did not know, nor did the question occur
to him at the moment. He waited for the beetle
to be still, trembling with excitement and eager-
ness. The struggles of the huge form grew more
feeble, and at last ceased. Burl moved forward and
grasped his spear. He wrenched at it to thrust
again.

  In an instant the beetle had roused itself, and
was exerting its last atom of strength, galvanized
into action by the agony caused by Burl’s seizure
of the spear. A great wing-cover knocked Burl
twenty feet, and flung him against the base of a
mushroom, where he lay, half stunned. But then
a strangely pungent scent came to his nostrils—i
the scent of the red mushrooms!

  He staggered to his feet and fled, while behind
him the gigantic beetle crashed and floundered—
Burl heard a tearing and ripping sound. The in-
sect had torn the covering of one of the red mush-
rooms, tightly packed with the fatal red dust. At
the noise, Burl’s speed was doubled, but he could
still hear the frantic struggles of the dying beetle
grow to a very crescendo of desperation.

  The creature broke free and managed to rise in
a final flight, fighting for breath and life, weakened
and tortured by the spear and the horrible spores
of the red mushrooms. Then it crashed suddenly to
the earth and was still. The red dust had killed it.

  In time to come, Burl might learn to use the red
dust as poison gas had been used by his ancestors
of thirty thousand years before, but now he was
frightened and alone, lost from his tribe, and with
no faintest nation of how to find them. He crouched
beneath a huge toadstool and waited for dawn,
listening with terrified apprehension for the ripping
sound that would mean the bursting of another of
the red mushrooms.

  Only the wing beats of night-flying creatures came
to his ears, however, and the discordant noises of
the four-foot truffle-beetles as they roamed the
aisles of the mushroom forests, seeking the places
beneath which their instinct told them fungoid
dainties awaited the courageous miner. The eternal
dripping of the rain-drops falling at long intervals
from the overhanging clouds formed a soft ob-
bligato to the whole.

  Burl listened, knowing there were red toadstools
all about, but not once during the whole of the long,
dark hours did the rending noise tell of a bursting
fungus casting loose its freight of deadly dust upon
the air. Only when day came again, and the chill
dampness of the night was succeeded by the steam-
ing humidity of the morning, did a tall pyramid of
brownish-red stuff leap suddenly into the air from
a ripped mushroom covering.

  Then Burl stood up and looked around. Here and
there, all over the whole countryside, slowly and at
intervals, the cones of fatal red sprang into the air.
Had Burl lived thirty thousand years earlier, he
might have likened the effect to that of shells
bursting from a leisurely bombardment, but as it
was he saw in them only fresh and inexorable
dangers added to an already peril-ridden existence.

  A hundred yards from where he had hidden dur-
ing the night the body of his victim lay, crumpled
up and limp. Burl approached speculatively. He had
come even before the ants appeared to take their
toll of the carcass, and not even a buzzing flesh-fly
had placed its maggots on the unresisting form.

  The long, whiplike antennas lay upon the carpet
of mold and rust, and the fiercely toothed legs were
drawn close against the body. The many-faceted
eyes stared unseeingly, and the stiff and horny wing-
cases were rent and torn.

  When Burl went to the other side of the dead
beetle he saw something that filled him with elation.
His spear had been held between his body and the
beetle’s during that mad flight, and at the final
crash, when Burl shot away from the fear-crazed in-
sect, the weight of his body had forced the spear-
point between the joints of the corselet and the
neck. Even if the red dust had not finished the
THE RED DUST

889

creature, the spear wound in time would have ended
its life.

  Burl was thrilled once more by his superlative
greatness, and conveniently forgot that it was the
red dust that had actually administered the coup
de grace. It was so much more pleasant to look
upon himself as the mighty slayer that he hacked
off one of the barb-edged limbs to carry back to his
tribe in evidence of his feat. He took the long
antennje, too, as further proof.

  Then he remembered that he did not know where
his tribe was to be found. He had no faintest idea
of the direction in which the beetle had flown. As
a matter of fact, the course of the beetle had been
in turn directed toward every point of the compass,
and there was no possible way of telling the relation
of its final landing-place to the point from which it
had started.

  Burl wrestled with his problem for an hour, and
then gave up in disgust. He set off at random,
with the leg of the huge insect flung over his
shoulder and the long antennie clasped in his hand
with his spear. He turned to look at his victim
of the night before just before plunging into the
near-by mushroom forest, and saw that it was al-
ready the center of a mass of tiny black bodies, pull-
ing and hacking at the tough armor, and carving
out great lumps of the succulent flesh to be carried
to the near-by ant city.	’

  In the teeming life of the insect world death is
an opportunity for the survivors. There is a
strangely tense and fearful competition for the
bodies of the slain. There had been barely an hour
of daylight in which the ants might seek for pro-
vender, yet in that little time the freshly killed
beetle had been found and was being skilfully and
carefully exploited. When the body of one of the
larger insects fell to the ground, there was a mighty
rush, a fierce race, among all the tribes of scaven-
gers to see who should be first.

  Usually the ants had come upon the scene and
were inquisitively exploring the carcass long be-
fore even the flesh-flies had arrived, who dropped
their living maggots upon the creature. The blue-
bottles came still later, to daub their masses of
white eggs about the delicate membranes of the eye.

  And while all the preceding scavengers were at
work, furtive beetles and tiny insects burrowed be-
low the reeking body to attack the highly scented
flesh from a fresh angle.

  Each working independently of the others, they
commonly appeared in the order of the delicacy of
the sense which could lead them to a source of food,
though accident could and sometimes did afford one
group of workers in putrescence an advantage over
the others.

  Thus, sometimes a blue-bottle anticipated even
the eager ants, and again the very flesh-flies drop-
ped their squirming offspring upon a limp form that
was already being undermined by white-bellied
things working in the darkness below the body.

  Burl grimaced at the busy ants and buzzing flies,
and disappeared into the mushroom forest. Here
for a long time he moved cautiously and silently
through the aisles of tangled stalks and the spongy,
round heads of the fungoids. Now and then he saw
one of the red toadstools, and made a wide detour

around it. Twice they burst within his sight, cir-
cumscribed as his vision was by the toadstools
among which he was traveling.

  Each time he ran hastily to put as much distance
as possible between himself and the deadly red dust.
He traveled for an hour or more, looking constantly
for familiar landmarks that might guide him to his
tribe. He knew that if he came upon any place he
had seen while with his tribe he could follow the
path they had traveled and in time rejoin them.

  For many hours he went on, alert for signs of
danger. He was quite ignorant of the fact that
therewere such thingsas points of the compass, and
though he had a distinct notion that he was not
moving in a straight line, he did not realize that he
was actually moving in a colossal half-circle. After
walking steadily for nearly four hours he was no
more than three miles in a direct line from his
starting-point. As it happened, his uncertainty of
direction was fortunate.

  The night before the tribe had been feeding
happily upon one of the immense edible mushrooms,
when they heard Burl’s abruptly changing cry. It
had begun as a shout of triumph, and ended as a
scream of fear. Then they heard hurried wing-
beats as a creature rose into the air in a scurry of
desperation. The throbbing of huge wings ended
in a heavy fall, followed by another flight.

  Velvety darkness masked the sky, and the tribes-
men could only stare off into the blackness, where
their leader had vanished, and begin to tremble,
wondering what they should do in a strange country
with no bold chief to guide them.

  He was the first man to whom the tribe had ever
offered allegiance, but their submission had been
all the more complete for that fact, and his loss
was the more appalling.

  Burl had mistaken their lack of timidity. He
had thought it independence, and indifference to
him. As a matter of fact, it was security because
the tribe felt safe under his tutelage. Now that he
had vanished, and in a fashion that seemed to mean
his death, their old fears returned to them reen-
forced by the strangeness of their surroundings.

  They huddled together and whispered their .
fright to one another, listening the while in panic-
stricken apprehension for signs of danger. The
tribesmen visualized Burl caught in fiercely toothed
limbs, being rent and torn in mid air by horny, in-
satiable jaws, his blood falling in great spurts to-
ward the earth below. They caught a faint, reedy
cry, and shuddered, pressing closer together.

  And so through the long night they waited in
trembling silence. Had a hunting spider appeared
among them they would not have lifted a hand to
defend themselves, but would have fled despairingly,
would probably have scattered and lost touch with
one another, and spent the remainder of their lives
as solitary fugitives, snatching fear-ridden rest
in strange hiding-places.

  But day came again, and they looked into each
other’s eyes, reading in each the selfsame panic
and fear. Saya was probably the most pitiful oi
all the group. Burl was to have been her mate, ant-
her face was white and drawn beyond that of any
of the nest of the tribefolk.

  Wljfch £he das, they did not move, lint reclamed
890

AMAZING STORIES

clustered about the huge mushroom on which they
had been feeding the night before. They spoke in
hushed and fearful tones, huddled together, search-
ing all the horizon for insect enemies. Saya would
not eat, but sat still, staring before her in unseeing
indifference. Burl was dead.

  A hundred yards from where they crouched a red
mushroom glistened in the pale light of the new
day. Its tough skin was taut and bulging, resisting
the pressure of the spores within. But slowly, as
the morning wore on, some of the moisture that had
kept the skin soft and flaccid during the night
evaporated.

  The skin had a strong tendency to contract, like
green leather when drying. The spores within it
strove to expand. The opposing forces produced
a tension that grew greater and greater as more and
more of the moisture was absorbed by the air. At
last the skin could hold no longer.

  With a ripping sound that could be heard for
hundreds of feet, the tough wrapping split and tore
across its top, and with a hollow, booming noise the
compressed mass of deadly spores rushed into the
air, making a pyramidal cloud of brown-red dust
some sixty feet in height.

  The tribesmen quivered at the noise and faced the
dust cloud for a fleeting instant, then ran pell-
mell to escape the slowly moving tide of death as
the almost imperceptible breeze wafted it slowly
toward them. Men and women, boys and girls, they
fled in a mad rush from the deadly stuff, not paus-
ing to see that even as it advanced it settled slowly
to the ground, nor stopping to observe its path that
they might step aside and let it go safely by.

  Saya fled with the rest, but without their ex-
treme panic. She fled because the others had done
so,, and ran more carelessly, struggling with a
half-formed idea that it did not particularly matter
whether she were caught or not.

  She fell slightly behind the others, without being
noticed. Then quite abruptly a stone turned under
her foot, and she fell headlong, striking her head
violently against a second stone. Then she lay
quite still while the red cloud billowed slowly to-
ward her, drifting gently in the faint, hardly per-
ceptible breeze.

  It drew nearer and nearer, settling slowly, but
still a huge and menacing mass of deadly dust. It
gradually flattened out, too, so that though it had
been a rounded cone at first, it flowed over the minor
inequalities of the ground as a huge and tenuous
leech might have crawled, sucking from all breath-
ing creatures the life they had within them.

  A hundred and fifty yards away, a hundred yards
away, then only fifty yards away. From where
Saya lay unconscious on the earth, eddies within the
moving mass could be seen, and the edges took on a
striated appearance, telling of the curling of the
dust wreaths in the larger mass of deadly powder.

  The deliberate advance kept on, seeming almost
purposeful. It would have seemed possible to draw
from the unhurried, menacing movement of the
poisonous stuff that some malign intelligence was
concealed in it, that it was, in fact, a living crea-
ture. But when the misty edges of the cloud were
no more than twenty-five yards from Saya’s pros-
trate body a breeze from one side sprang up—a,

vagrant, fitful little breeze, that first halted the
red cloud and threw it into confusion and then drove
it to one side, so that it passed Saya without harm-
ing her, though a single trailing wisp of dark-red
mist floated very close to her.

  Then for a time Saya lay still indeed, only her
breast rising and falling gently with faint and ir-
regular breaths. Her head had struck a sharp-
edged stone in her fall, and a tiny pool of sticky
red had gathered from the wound.

  Perhaps thirty feet from where she lay, three
small toadstools grew in a little clump, their bases
so close together that they seemed but one. From
between two of them, however, just where they
parted, twin tufts of reddish threads appeared,
twinkling back and forth, and in and out. As if
they had given some reassuring sign, two slender
antenna followed, then bulging eyes, and then a
small black body which had bright-red scalloped
markings upon the wing-cases.

  It was a tiny beetle no more than eight inches
long—a burying-beetle. It drew near Saya’s body
and clambered upon her, explored the ground by her
side, moving all the time in feverish haste, and at
last dived into the ground beneath her shoulder,
casting back a little shower of hastily dug earth as
it disappeared.

  Ten minutes later another similar insect appeared,
and upon the heels of the second a third. Each of
them made the same hasty examination, and each
dived under the still form. Presently the earth
seemed to billow at a spot along Saya’s side, then
at another. Perhaps ten minutes after the arrival
of the third beetle a little rampart had reared itself
all about Saya’s body, precisely following the out-
line of her form. Then her body moved slightly, in
a number of tiny jerks, and seemed to settle per-
haps half an inch into the ground.

  The burying beetles were of those who exploited
the bodies of the fallen. Working from below, they
excavated the earth from the under side of such
prizes as they came upon, then turned upon their
backs and thrust with their legs, jerking the body
so it sank into the shallow excavation they had pre-
pared.

  The process would be repeated until at last the
whole of the gift of fortune had sunk below the sur-
rounding surface and the loosened earth fell in up-
on the top, thus completing the inhumation.

  Then in the darkness the beetles would feast and
rear their young, gorging upon the plentiful supply
of succulent foodstuff they had hidden from jealous
fellow scavengers above them.

  But Saya was alive. Thirty thousand years be-
fore, when scientists examined into the habits of
the burying-beetles, or the sexton-beetles, they had
declared that fresh meat or living meat would not
be touched. They based their statement solely upon
the fact that the insects (then tiny creatures in-
deed) did not appear until the trap-meat placed by
the investigators had remained untouched for days.

  Conditions had changed in thirty thousand years.
The ever-present ants and the sharp-eyed flies were
keen rivals of the brightly arrayed beetles. Usually
the tribes of creatures who worked in the darkness
below ground came after the ants had taken their
toll, and the flies sipped daintily.
THE RED DUST

891

  When Saya fell unconscious upon the ground,
however, it was the one accident that caused the
burying-beetle to find her first, before the ants had
come to tear the flesh from her slender, soft-skinned
body. She breathed gently and irregularly, her face
drawn with the sorrow of the night before, while
desperately hurrying beetles swarmed beneath her
body, channeling away the earth so that she would
sink lower and lower into the ground.

  An inch, and a long wait. Then she sank slowly
a second inch. The bright-red tufts of thread ap-
peared again, and a beetle made his way to the
open air. He ntioved hastily about, inspecting the
progress of the work. He dived below again. An-
other inch, and after a long time another inch was
excavated.

  Burl stepped out from a group of over-shadowing
toadstools and halted. He cast his eyes over the
landscape, and was struck by its familiarity. It was,
in point of fact, very near the spot he had left
the night before, in pursuit of a colossal wounded
beetle.

  Burl moved back and forth, trying to account for
the sensation of recognition, and then trying to ap-
proximate the place from which he had last seen it.

  He passed within fifty feet of the spot where Saya
lay, now half buried in the ground. The loose earth
cast up about her body had begun to fall in little
rivulets upon her. One of her shoulders was al-
ready screened from view.

  Burl passed on, unseeing. He was puzzling over
the direction from which he had seen the particular
section of countryside before him. Perhaps a little
farther on he would come to the place. He hurried
a little. In a moment he recognized his location.
There was the great edible mushroom, half broken
away, from which the tribe had been feeding. There
were the mining bee burrows.

  His feet stirred up a fine dust, and he stopped
short. A red mushroom had covered the earth with
a thin layer of its impalpable, deadly powder. Burl
understood why the tribe had gone, and a cold
sweat came upon his body. Was Saya safe,
or had the whole tribe succumbed to the poisonous
stuff? Had they all, men and women and children,
died in convulsions of gasping strangulation.

  He hurried to retrace his footsteps. There was
a fragment of mushrooms on the ground. Here was
a spear, cast away by one of the tribesmen in his
flight. Burl broke into a run.

  The little excavation into which Saya was sink-
ing, inch by inch, was all of twenty-five feet to the
right of the path. Burl dashed on, frantic with
anxiety about the tribe, but most of all about Saya.
Saya’s body quivered and sank a fraction more into
the earth.

  Half a dozen litle rivulets of dirt were tumbling
upon her body now. In a matter of minutes she
would be hidden from view. Burl ran madly past
her, too busy searching the mushroom thickets be-
fore him with his eyes to dream of looking upon the
ground.

  Twenty yards from a huge toadstool thicket
a noise arrested him sharply. There was a crashing
and breaking of the brittle, spongy growths. Twin
tapering antennae appeared, and then a monster

beetle lurched into the open space, its norrible,
gaping jaws stretched wide.

  It was all of eight feet long, and its body was
held up from the ground by six crooked, saw-
toothed limbs. Its huge multiple eyes stared with
machinelike preoccupation at the world.

  It advanced deliberately, with a clanking and
clashing as of a hideous machine. Burl fled on the
instant, running as madly away from the beetle as
he had a moment before been running toward it.

  A little depression in the earth was before him.
He did not swerve, but made to leap it. As he shot
over it, however, the glint of pink skin caught his
eye, and there was impressed upon his brain with
photographic completeness the picture of Saya, ly-
ing limp and helpless, sinking slowly into the
ground, with tiny rills of earth falling down the
sides of -the excavation upon her. It seemed to
Burl’s eye that she quivered slightly as he saw.

  There was a terrific struggle within Burl. Be-
hind him the colossal meat-eating beetle. Beneath
him Saya, whom he loved. There was certain death
lurching toward him on evilly glittering legs, and
there was life for his race and tribe lying in the
shallow pit.

  He turned, aware with a sudden reckless glow
that he was throwing away his life, aware that
he was deliberately giving himself over to death,
and stood on the side of the little pit nearest the
great beetle, his puny spear held defiantly at the
ready. In his left hand he held just such a leg as
those which bore the living creature toward him.
He had torn it from the body of just such a mon-
ster but a few hours ago, a monster in whose death
he had had a share. With a yell of insane defiance,
he flung the fiercely toothed limb at his advancing
opponent.

  The sharp teeth cut into the base of one of the
beetle’s antennas, and it ducked clumsily, then
seized the missile in its fierce jaws and crushed it
in frenzy of rage. There was meat within it, sweet
and juicy meat that pleased the beetle’s palate.

  It forgot the man, standing there, waiting for
death. It crunched the missile that had attacked
it, eating the palatable contents of the horny armor,
confusing the blow with the object that had de-
livered it, and evidently satisfied that an enemy had
been conquered and was being devoured. A moment
later it turned and lumbered off to investigate an-
other mushroom thicket.

  And Burl turned quickly and dragged Saya’s
limp form from the grave that had been prepared
for it by the busy insect scavengers. Earth fell
from her shoulders, from her hair, and from the
mass of yellow fur about her middle, and three little
beetles with black and red markings scurried in
terrified haste for cover, while Burl bore Saya to a
resting-place of soft mold.

  Burl was an ignorant savage, and to him Saya’s
deathlike unconsciousness was like death itself, but
dumb misery smote him, v and he laid her down
gently, while tears came to his eyes and he called
her name again and again in an agony of grief.

  For an hour he sat there beside her, a man so
lately pleased with himself above all creatures for
having slain one huge beetle and put another to
892

AMAZING STORIES

flight, as he would have looked upon it, now a
broken-hearted, little pink-skinned man, weeping
like a child, hunched up and bowed over with sorrow.

  Then Saya slowly opened her eyes and stirred
weakly;

CHAPTER IV

The Forest of Death

THEY were oblivious to everything but each
other, Saya resting in still half-incredulous
happiness against Burl’s' shoulder while he
told her in little, jerky sentences of his pursuit of
the colossal flying beetle, of his search for the tribe,
and then his discovery of her apparently lifeless
body.

  When he spoke of the monster that had lurched
from the mushroom thicket, and of the desperation
with which he had faced it, Saya pressed close and
looked at him with wondering and wonderful eyes.
She could understand his willingness to die, believ-
ing her dead. A little while before she had felt the
same indifference to life.

  A timid, frightened whisper roused them from
their absorption, and they looked up. One of the
tribesmen stood upon one foot some distance away,
staring at them, almost convinced that he looked
upon the living dead. A sudden movement on the
part of either of them would have sent him in a
panic back into the mushroom forest. Two or three
blond heads bobbed and vanished among the tanglad
stalks. Wide and astonished eyes gazed at the two
they had believed the prey of malignant creatures.

  The tribe had come slowly back to the mushroom
they had been eating, leaderless, and convinced that
Saya had fallen a victim to the deadly dust. In-
stead, they found her sitting by the side of their
chief, apparently restored to them in some mirac-
ulous fashion.

  Burl spoke, and the pink-skinned people came
timorously from their hiding-places. They ap-
proached warily and formed a half-circle before the
seated pair. Burl spoke again, and presently one
of the bravest dared approach and touch him.
Instantly a babble of the crude and labial language
spoken by the tribe broke out. Awed questions
and exclamations of thankfulness, then curious in-
terrogations filled the air.

  Burl, for once, showed some common sense. In-
stead of telling them in his usual vainglorious
fashion of the adventures he had undergone, he
merely cast down the two long and tapering
antennas from the flying beetle that he had torn
from its dead body. They looked at them, and
recognized their origin. Amazement and admiration
showed upon their faces. Then Burl rose and
abruptly ordered two of the men to make a chair
of their hands for Saya. She was weak from the
effects of the blow she had received. The two men
humbly advanced and did as they were bid.

  Then the march was taken up again, more slowly
than before, because of Saya as a burden, but
none the less steadily. Burl led his people across
the country, marching in advance and with every
nerve alert for signs of danger, but with more con-

fidence and less timidity than he had ever displayed
before.

  All that noontime and that afternoon they filed
steadily along, the tribesfolk keeping in a compact
group close behind Burl. The man who had
thrown away his spear had recovered it on an order
from Bur], and the little party fairly bristled with
weapons, though Burl knew well that they were
liable to be cast away as impediments if flight
should be necessary.

  He was determined that his people should learn to
fight the great creatures about them, instead of de-
pending upon their legs for escape. He had led
them in an attack upon great slugs, but they were
defenseless creatures, incapable of more dangerpus
maneuvers than spasmodic jerkings of their great
bodies.

  The next time danger should threaten them, and
especially if it came while their new awe of him
held good, he was resolved to force them to join
him in fighting it.

  He had not long to wait for an opportunity to
strengthen the spirit of his followers by a success-
ful battle. The clouds toward the west were taking
on a dull-red hue, which was the nearest to a sunset
that was ever seen in the world of Burl’s experience,
when a bumble bee droned heavily over their heads,
making for its hive.

  The little group of people on the ground looked
up and saw a scanty load of pollen packed in the
stiff bristles of the insect’s hind legs. The bees of
the world had a hard time securing food upon the
nearly flowerless planet, but this one had evidently
made a find. Its crop was nearly filled with hard-
gathered, viscous honey destined for the hival store.

  It sped onward, heavily, its almost transparent
wings mere blurs in the air from the rapidity of
their vibration. Burl saw its many-faceted eyes
staring before it in worried preoccupation as it
soared'in laborious speed over his head, some fifty
feet up.

  He dropped his glance, and then his eyes lighted
with excitement. A slender-bodied wasp was shoot-
ing upward from an ambush it had found in a
thicket of toadstools. It darted swiftly and grace-
fully upon the bee, which swerved and tried to flee.
The droning buzz of the bee’s wings rose to a
higher note as it strove to increase its speed. The
more delicately formed wasp headed the clumsier in-
sect back.

  The bee turned again and fled in terror. Each
of the insects was slightly more than four feet in
length, but the bee was much the heavier, and it
could not attain the speed of which the wasp was
capable.

  The graceful form of the hunting insect rapidly
overhauled its fleeing prey, and the wasp dashed
in and closed with the bee at a point almost over
the heads of the tribesmen. In a clawing, biting
tangle of thrashing, transparent wings and black
bodies, the two creatures tumbled to the earth.
They fell perhaps thirty yards from where Burl
stood watching.

  Over and over the two insects rolled, now one
uppermost, and then the other. The bee was strug-
gling desperately to insert her sting in the more
supple body of her adversary. She writhed and
THE RED DUST

893

twisted, fighting with jaw and mandible, wing and
claw.

  The wasp was uppermost, and the bee lay on her
back, fighting in panic-stricken desperation. The
wasp saw an opening, her jaws darted in, and there
was an instant of confusion. Then suddenly the
bee, dazed, was upright with the wasp upon her. A
movement too quick for the eye to follow—and the
bee collapsed. The wasp had bitten her in the neck
where all the nerve-cords passed, and the bee was
dead.

  Burl waited a moment more, aflame with excite-
ment. He knew, as did all the tribefolk, what
might happen next. When he saw the second act
of the tragedy well begun, Burl snapped quick and
harsh orders to his spear-armed men, and they fol-
lowed him in a wavering line, their weapons tightly
clutched.

  Knowing the habits of the insects as they were
forced to know them, they knew that the venture
was one of the least dangerous they could under-
take with fighting creatures the size of the wasp,
but the idea of attacking the great creatures whose
sharp stings could- annihilate any of them with a
touch, the mere thought of taking the initiative was
appalling. Had their awe of Burl been less complete
they would not have dreamed of following him.

  The second act of the tragedy had begun. The
bee had been slain by the wasp, a carnivorous in-
sect normally, but the wasp knew that sweet honey
was concealed in the half-filled crop of the bee. Had
the bee arrived safely at the hive, the sweet and
sticky liquid would have been disgorged and added
to the hival store. Now, though the bee’s journey
was ended and its flesh was to be crunched and de-
voured by the wasp, the honey was the first object
of the pirate’s solicitude.* The dead insect was
rolled over upon its back, and with eager haste the
slayer began to exploit the body.

  Burl and his men were creeping nearer, but with
a gesture Burl bade them halt for a moment. The
wasp’s first move was to force the disgorgement of
the honey from the bee’s crop, and with feverish
eagerness it pressed upon the limp body until the
shining, sticky liquid appeared. Then the wasp
began in ghoulish ecstasy to lick up the sweet stuff,
utterly absorbed in the feast.

  Many thousands of years before, the absorption
of the then tiny insect had been noticed when
engaged in a similar feat, and it was recorded in
books moldered into dust long ages before Burl’s
birth that its rapture was so great that it had been
known to fall a victim to a second bandit while
engaged in the horrible banquet.

  Burl had never read the books, but he had been
told that the pirate would continue its feast even
though seized by a greater enemy, unable to tear it-
self from the nectar gathered by the creature it
had slain.

  The tribesmen waited until the wasp had begun
its orgy, licking up the toothsome stuff disgorged
by its dead prey It ate in gluttonous haste, blind
to all sights, deaf to all sounds, able to think of
nothing, conceive of nothing, but the delights of the
liquid it was devouring.

  At a signal the tribesmen darted forward. They

wavered when near the slender-waisted gourmet,
however, and Burl was the first to thrust his spear
with all his strength into the thinly armored body.

  Then the others took courage. A short, horny
spear penetrated the very vitals of the wasp. A
club fell with terrific impact upon the slender
waist. There was a crackling, and the long, spidery
limbs quivered and writhed, while the tribesmen
fell back in fear, but without cause.

  Burl struck again, and the wasp fell into two
writhing halves, helpless for harm. The pink-
skinned men danced in triumph, and the women and
children ventured near, delighted.

  Only Burl noticed that even as the wasp was
dying, sundered and pierced with spears, its slender
tongue licked out in one last, ecstatic taste of the
nectar that had been its undoing.

  Burdened with the pollen-covered legs of the
giant bee, and filled with the meat from choice por-
tions of the wasp’s muscular limbs, the tribe re-
sumed its journey. This time Burl had men behind
him, still timid, still prone to flee at the slightest
alarm, but infinitely more dependable than they had
been before.

  They had attacked and slain a wasp whose sting
would have killed any of them. They had done
battle under the leadership of Burl, whose spear
had struck the first blow. Henceforth they were
sharers, in a mild way, of his transcendent glory,
and henceforth they were more like followers of a
mighty chief and less like spineless worshipers of
a demigod whose feats they were too timid to
emulate.

  That night they hid among a group of giant puff-
balls, feasting on the-loads of meat they had carried
thus far with them. Burl watched them now with-
out jealousy of their good spirits. He and Saya sat
a little apart, happy to be near each other, speaking
in low tones. After a time darkness fell, and the
tribefolk became shapeless bodies speaking in voices
that grew drowsy and were silent. The black forms
of the toadstool heads and huge puffballs were but
darker against a dark sky.

  The nightly rain began to fall, drop by drop, drop
by drop, upon the damp and humid earth. Only
Burl remained awake for a little while, and his last
waking thought was of pride, disinterested pride.
He had the first reward of the ruler, gratification
in the greatness of his people.

  The red mushrooms had continued to show their
glistening heads, though Burl thought they were
less numerous than in the territory from which
the tribe had fled. All along the route, now to the
right, now to the left, they had burst and sent
their masses of deadly dust into the air.

  Many times the tribefolk had been forced to make
a detour to avoid a slowly spreading cloud of death-
dealing spores. Once or twice their escapes had been
narrow indeed, but so far there had been no deaths.

  Burl had observed that the mushrooms normally
burst only in the daytime, and for a while had
thought of causing his followers to do their journey-
ing in the night. Only the obvious disadvantages
of such a course—the difficulty of discovering food,
and the prowling spiders that roamed in the dark-
ness—had prevented him. The idea still stayed

•The Dirate is the Philanthus Ativorus.
894

AMAZING STORIES

with him, however, and two days after the fight
with the hunting wasp he put it in practise.

  The tribe came to the top of a small rise in the
ground. For an hour they had been marching and
counter-marching to avoid the suddenly appearing
clouds of dust. Once they had been nearly hemmed
in, and only by mad sprinting did they escape when
three of the dull-red clouds seemed to flow together,
closing three sides of a circle.

  They came to the little hillock and halted. Be-
fore them stretched a plain all of four miles wide,
colored a brownish brick-red by masses of mush-
rooms. They had seen mushroom forests before,
and knew of the dangers they presented, but there
was none so deadly as the plain before them. To
right and left it stretched as far as the eye could
see, but far away on its farther edge Burl caught
a glimpse of flowing water.

  Over the plain itself a dull-red haze seemed to
float. It was nothing more or less than a cloud
of the deadly spores, dispersed and indefinite, con-
stantly replenished by the freshly bursting red
mushrooms.

  While the people stood and watched a dozen thick
columns of dust rose into the air from scattered
points here and there upon the plain, settling slowly
again, but leaving behind them enough of their
finely divided substance to keep the thin red haze
over the whole plain in its original, deadly state.

  Burl had seen single red mushrooms before, and
even small thickets of two and three, but here was
a plain of millions, literally millions upon millions
of the malignant growths. Here was one fungoid
forest through whose aisles no monster beetles
stalked, and above whose shadowed depths no
brightly colored butterflies fluttered in joyous
abandon. There were no loud-voiced crickets sing-
ing in its hiding-places, nor bodies of eagerly for-
aging ants searching inquisitively for bits of food.
It was a forest of death, still and silent, quiet and
motionless save for the sullen columns of red dust
that ever and again shot upward from the torn and
ragged envelope of the bursting mushroom.

  Burl and his people watched in wonderment and
dismay, but presently a high resolve came to Burl.
The mushrooms never burst at night, and the deadly
dust from a subsided cloud was not deadly in the
morning. As a matter of fact the rain that fell
every night made it no more than a sodden, thin
film of reddish mud by daybreak, mud which dried
and caked.

  Burl did not know what occurred, but knew the
result. At night or in early morning, the danger
from the red mushrooms was slight. Therefore he
would lead his people through the very jaws of
death that night. He would lead them through the
deadly aisles of this, the forest of malignant
growths, the place of lurking annihilation.

  It was an act of desperation, and the resolution
to carry it through left Burl in a state of mind that
kept him from observing one thing that would have
ended all the struggles of his tribe at once. Per-
haps a quarter-mile from the edge of the red forest
three or four giant cabbages grew, thrusting their
colossal leaves upward toward the sky.

  And on the cabbages a dozen lazy slugs fed
leisurely, ignoring completely the red haze that was

never far from them and sometimes covered them.
Burl saw them, but the oddity of their immunity
from the effects of the red dust did not strike him.
He was fighting to keep his resolution intact. If
he had only realized the significance of what he saw,
however—

  The slugs were covered with a thick soft fur. The
tribespeople wore garments of that same material.
The fur protected the slugs, and could have made
the tribe immune to the deadly red dust if they had
only known. The slugs breathed through a row of
tiny holes upon their backs, as the mature insects
breathed through holes upon the bottom of their
abdomens, and the soft fur formed a mat of felt
which arrested the fine particles of deadly dust, while
allowing the pure air to pass through. It formed,
in effect, a natural gas-mask which the tribesmen
should have adopted, but which they did not dis-
cover or invent.

  The remainder of that day they waited in a
curious mixture of resolve and fear. The tribe was
rapidly reaching a point where it would follow Burl
over a thousand-foot cliff, and it needed some such
blind confidence to make them prepare to go through
the forest of the million deadly mushrooms.

  The waiting was a strain, but the actual journey
was a nightmare. Burl knew that the toadstools
did not burst of themselves during the night, but
he knew that the beetle on which He had taken his
involuntary ride had crashed against one in the
darkness, and that the fatal dust had poured out.
He warned his people to be cautious, and led them
down the slope of the hill through the blackness.

  For hours they stumbled on in utter darkness,
with the pungent, acrid odor of the red growths con-
stantly in their nostrils. They put out their hands
and touched the flabby, damp stalks of the mon-
strous things. They stumbled and staggered against
the leathery skins of the malignant fungoids.

  Death was all about them. At no time during
all the dark hours of the night was there a moment
when they could not reach out their hands and touch
a fungus growth that might burst at their touch
and fill the air with poisonous dust, so that all of
them would die in gasping, choking agony.

  And worst of all, before half an hour was past
they had lost all sense of direction, so that they
stumbled on blindly through the utter blackness,
not knowing whether they were headed toward the
river that might be their salvation or were wan-
dering hopelessly deeper and deeper into the silent
depths of the forest of strangled things.

  When day came again and the mushrooms sent
their columns of fatal dust into the air would they
gasp and fight for breath in the red haze that would
float like a tenuous cloud above the forest? Would
they breathe in flames of firelike torment and die
slowly, or would the red dust be merciful and slay
them quickly?

  They felt their way like blind folk, devoid of
hope and curiously unafraid. Only their hearts were
like heavy, cold weights in their breasts, and they
shouldered aside the swollen sacs of the red mush-
rooms with a singular apathy as they followed Burl
slowly through the midst of death.

  Many times in their journeying they knew that
dead creatures were near by—moths, perhaps, that
THE RED DUST

895

had blundered into a distended growth which had
burst upon the impact and killed the thing that had
touched it.

  No busy insect scavengers ventured into this
plain of silence to salvage the bodies, however. The
red haze preserved the sanctuary of malignance in-
violate. During the day no creature might hope to
approach its red aisles and dust-carpeted clearings,
and at night the slow-dropping rain fell only upon
the rounded heads of the mushrooms.

  In all the space of the forest, only the little band
of hopeless people, plodding on behind Burl in the
velvet blackness, callously rubbed shoulders with
death in the form of the red and glistening mush-
rooms. Over all the dank expanse of the forest, the
only sound was the dripping of the slow and sodden
rainfull that began at nightfall and lasted until day
came again.

  The sky began to grow faintly gray as the sun
rose behind the banks of overhanging clouds. Burl
stopped short and uttered what was no more than
a groan. He was in a little circular clearing, and the
twisted, monstrous forms of the deadly mushrooms
were all about. There was not yet enough light
for colors to appear, and the hideous, almost obscene
shapes of the loathsome growths on every side
showed only as mocking, leering silhouettes as of
malicious demons rejoicing at the coming doom of
the gray-faced, huddled tribefolk.

  Burl stood still, drooping in discouragement upon
his spear, the feathery moth’s antennse bound upon
his forehead shadowed darkly against the graying
sky. Soon the mushrooms would begin to burst—

  Then, suddenly, he lifted his head, encourage-
ment and delight upon his features. He had heard
the ripple of running water. His followers looked
at him with dawning hope. Without a word, Burl
began to run, and they followed him more slowly.
His voice came back to them in a shout of delight.

  Then they, too, broke into a jog-trot. In a
moment they had emerged from the thick tangle of
brownish-red stalks and were upon the banks of a
wide and swiftly running river, the same river
whose gleam Burl had caught the day before from
the farther side of the mushroom forest.

  Once before Burl had floated down a river upon
a mushroom raft. Then his journey had been in-
voluntary and unlooked for. He had been carried
far from his tribe and far from Saya, and his heart
had been filled with desolation.

  Now he viewed the swiftly running current with
eager delight. He cast his eyes up and down the
bank. Here and there the river-bank rose in a low
bluff, and thick shelf-growths stretched out above
the water.

  Burl was busy in an instant, stabbing the hard
growths with his spear and striving to wrench them
free. The tribesmen stared at him, uncomprehend-
ing, but at an order from him they did likewise.

  Soon a dozen thick masses of firm, light fungus
lay upon the shore where it shelved gently into the
water. Burl began to explain what they were to do,
but one or two of the men dared remonstrate, say-
ing humbly that they were afraid to part from him.
If they might embark upon the same thing with
him, they would be safe, but otherwise they were
afraid.

  Burl cast an apprehensive glance at the sky. Day
was coming rapidly on. Soon the red mushrooms
would begin to shoot their columns of deadly dust
into the air. This was no time to pause and deliber-
ate. Then Saya spoke softly.

  Burl listened, and made a mighty sacrifice. He
took his gorgeous velvet cloak from his shoulders—
it was made from the wing of a great moth—and
tore it into a dozen long, irregular pieces, tearing
it along the lines of the sinews that reinforced it.
He planted his spear upright in the largest piece
of shelf-fungus and caused his followers to do like-
wise, then fastened the strips of sinew and velvet
to his spear-shaft, and ordered them to do the same
to the other spears.

  In a matter of minutes the dozen tiny rafts were
bobbing on the water, clustered about the larger,
central bit. Then, one by one, the tribefolk took
their places, and Burl shoved off.

  The agglomeration of cranky, unseaworthy bits of
shelf-fungus moved slowly out from the shore until
the current caught it. Burl and Saya sat upon the
central bit, with the other trustful but somewhat
frightened pink-skinned people all about them. And,
as they began to move between the mushroom-lined
banks of the river and the mist of the night began
to lift from its surface, far in the interior of the
forest of the red fungoids a column of sullen red
leaped into the air. The first of the malignant
growths had cast its cargo of poisonous dust into
the still-humid atmosphere.

  The conelike column spread out and grew thin,
but even after it had sunk into the earth, a reddish
taint remained in the air about the place where
it had been. The deadly red haze that hung all
through the day over the red forest was in process
of formation.

  But by that time the unstable fungus rafts were
far down the river, bobbing and twirling in the
current, with the wide-eyed people upon them gazing
in wonderment at the shores as they glided by. The
red mushrooms grew less numerous upon the banks.
Other growths took their places. Molds and rusts
covered the ground as grass had done in ages past.
Mushrooms showed their creamy, rounded heads.
Malformed things with swollen trunks and branches
in strange mockery of the trees they had superseded
made their appearance, and once the tribesmen saw
the dark bulk of a hunting spider outlined for a
moment upon the bank.

  All the long day they rode upon the current,
while the insect life that had been absent in the
neighborhood of the forest of death made its ap-
pearance again. Bees once more droned overhead,
and wasps and dragon-flies. Four-inch mosquitoes
made their appearance, to be fought off by the tribe-
folk with lusty blows, and glittering beetles and
shining flies, whose bodies glittered with a metallic
luster, buzzed and flew above the water.

  Huge butterflies once more were seen, dancing
above the steaming, festering earth in an apparent
ecstasy from the mere fact of existence, and all the
thousand and one forms of insect life that flew and
crawled, and swam and dived, showed themselves
to the tribesmen on the raft.

  Water-beetles came lazily to the surface, to snap
with sudden energy at mosquitoeB busily laying
896

AMAZING STORIES

their eggs in the nearly stagnant water by the
river-banks. Burl pointed out to Saya, with some
excitement, their silver breast-plates that shone as
they darted under the water again. And the shell-
covered boats of a thousand caddis-worms floated in
the eddies and back-waters of the stream. Water-
boatmen and whirligigs—almost alone among in-
sects in not having shared in the general increase
of size—danced upon the oily waves.

  The day wore on as the shores flowed by. The
tribefolk ate of their burdens of mushroom and
meat, and drank from the fresh water of the river.
Then, when afternoon came, the character of the
country about the stream changed. The banks fell
away, and the current slackened. The shores be-
came indefinite, and the river merged itself into a
swamp, a vast swamp from which a continual mut-
tering came which the tribesmen heard for a long
time before they saw the swamp itself.

  The water seemed to turn dark, as black mud
took the place of the clay that had formed its bed,
and slowly, here and there, then more frequently,
floating green things that were stationary, and did
not move with the current, appeared. They were
the leaves of water-lilies, that had remained with
the giant cabbages and a very few other plants in
the midst of a fungoid world. The green leaves
were twelve feet across, and any one of them would
have floated the whole of Burl’s tribe.

  Presently they grew numerous so that the channel
was made narrow, and the mushroom rafts passed
between rows of the great leaves, with here and
there a colossal, waxen blossom in which three men
might have hidden and which exhaled an almost
over-powering fragrance into the air.

  And the muttering that had been heard far away
grew in volume to an intermittent, incredibly deep
bass roar. It seemed to come from the banks on
either side, and actually was the discordant croak-
ing of the giant frogs, grown to eight feet in
length, which lived and loved in the huge swamp,
above which golden butterflies danced in ecstasy,
and which the transcendently beautiful blossoms of
the water-lilies filled with fragrance.

  The swamp was a place of riotous life. The
green bodies of the colossal frogs—perchcd upon
the banks in strange immobility and only opening
their huge mouths to emit their thunderous croak-
ings—the green bodies of the frogs blended queerly
with the vivid color of the water-lily leaves. Dragon-
flies fluttered in their swift and angular flight above
the black and reeking mud. Greenbottles and blue-
bottles and a hundred other species of flies buzzed
busily in the misty air, now and then falling prey
to the licking tongues of the frogs.

  Bees droned overhead in flight less preoccupied
and worried than elsewhere flitting from blossom to
blossom of the tremendous water-lilies, loading their
crops with honey and the bristles of their legs
with yellow pollen.

  Everywhere over the mushroom-covered world
the air was never quite free from mist, and the
steaming exhalations of the pools, but here in the
swamps the atmosphere was so heavily laden with
moisture that the bodies of the tribefolk were
covered with glistening droplets, while the wide,
flat water-lily leaves glittered like platters of

jewels from the “steam” that had condensed upon
their upper surfaces.

  The air was full of shining bodies and iridescent
wings. Myriads of tiny midges—no more than
three or four inches across their wings—danced
above the slow-flowing water. And butterflies
of every imaginable shade and color, from the
most delicate lavender to the most vivid carmine,
danced and fluttered, alighting upon the white
water-lilies to sip daintily of their nectar, skimming
the surface of the water, enamored of their brightly
tinted reflections.

  And the pink-skinned tribesfolk, floating through
this fairyland on their mushroom rafts, gazed with
wide eyes at the beauty about them, and drew in
great breaths of the intoxicating fragrance of the
great white flowers that floated like elfin boats,upon
the dark water.

CHAPTER V

Out of Bondage

THE mist was heavy and thick, and through it
the flying creatures darted upon their innum-
erable businesses, visibly for an instant in all
their colorful beauty, then melting slowly into in-
definiteness as they sped away. The tribefolk on
the clustered rafts watched them as they darted
overhead, and for hours the little squadron of fun-
goid vessels floated slowly through the central
channel of the marsh.

  The river had split into innumerable currents
which meandered purposelessly through the glisten-
ing black mud of the swamp, but after a long time
they seemed to reassemble, and Burl could see what
had caused the vast morass.

  Hills appeared on either side of the stream, which
grew higher and steeper, as if the foothills of a
mountain chain. Then Burl turned and peered be-
fore him.

  Rising straight from the low hills, a wall of high
mountains rose toward the sky, and the low-hanging
clouds met their rugged flanks but half-way toward
the peaks. To right and left the mountains melted
into the tenuous haze, but ahead they were firm and
stalwart, rising and losing their heights in the
cloud-banks.

 They formed a rampart which might have
guarded the edge of the world, and the river flowed
more and more rapidly in a deeper and narrower
current toward a cleft between two rugged giants
that promised to swallow the water and all that
might swim in its depths or float upon its surface.

  Tall, steep hills rose from either side of the swift
current, their sides covered with flaking molds of
an exotic shade of rose-pink, mingled here and there
with lavender and purple. Rocks, not hidden be-
neath a coating of fungus, protruded their angular
heads from the hillsides. The river valley became
a gorge, and then little more than a canon, with
beetling sides that frowned down upon the swift
current running beneath them.

  The small flotilla passed beneath an overhanging
cliff, and then shot out to where the cliffsides drew
apart and formed a deep amphitheater, whose top
was hidden in the clouds.
THE RED DUST

897

  And across this open space, on cables all of five
hundred feet long, a banded spider had flung its
web. It was a monster of its tribe. Its belly was
swollen to a diameter of no less than two yards, and
its outstretched legs would have touched eight
points of a ten-yard circle.

  It was hanging motionless in the center of the
colossal snare as the little group of tribefolk passed
underneath, and they saw the broad bands of yellow
and black and silver upon its abdomen. They
shivered as their little crafts were swept below.

  Then they eame to a little valley, where yellow
sand bordered the river and there was a level space
of a hundred yards on either side before the steep
sides of the mountains began their rise. Here the
cluster of mushroom rafts were caught in a little
eddy and drawn out of the swiftly flowing current.
Soon there was a soft and yielding jar. The rafts
had grounded.

  Led by Burl, the tribesmen waded ashore, wonder-
ment and excitement in their hearts. Burl searched
all about with his eyes. Toadstools and mush-
rooms, rusts and molds, even giant puff-balls grew
in the little valley, but of the deadly red mushrooms
he saw none.

  A single bee was buzzing slowly over the tangled
thickets of fungoids, and the loud voice of a cricket
came in a deafening burst of sound, reechoed from
the hillsides, but save for the far-flung web of the
banded spider a mile or more away, there was no
sign of the deadly creatures that preyed upon men.

  Burl began to climb the hillside with his tribe-
folk after him. For an hour they toiled upward,
through confused masses of fungus of almost every
species. Twice they stopped to seize upon edible
fungi and break them into masses they could carry,
and once they paused and made a wide detour
around a thicket from which there came a stealthy
rustling.

  Burl believed that the rustling was merely the
sound of a moth or butterfly emerging from its
chrysalis, but was unwilling to take any chances.
He and his people circled the mushroom thicket
and mounted higher.

  And at last, perhaps six or seven hundred feet
above the level of the river, they came upon a little
plateau, going back into a small pocket in the moun-
tainside. Here they found many of the edible
fungoids, and no less than a dozen of the giant cab-
bages, on whose broad leaves many furry grubs
were feeding steadily in placid contentment with
themselves and all the world.

  A small stream bubbled up from a tiny basin
and ran swiftly across the plateau, and there were
dense thickets of toadstools in which the tribesmen
might find secure hiding-places. The tribe would
make itself a new home here.

  That night they hid among inextricably tangled
masses of mushrooms, ant1- saw with amazement the
multitude of creatures that ventured forth in the
darkness. All the valley and the plateau were il-
lumined by the shining beacons of huge but grace-
ful fire-flies, who darted here and there in delight
and—apparently—in security.

  Upon the earth below, also, many tiny lights
glowed. The larva of the fireflies crawled slowly
but happily over the fungus-covered mountainside,

and great glow-worms clambered upon the shining
tops of the toadstools and rested there, twin broad
bands of bluish fire burning brightly within their
translucent bodies.

  They were the females of the firefly race, which
never attain to legs and wings, but crawl always
upon the earth, merely enlarged creatures in the
forms of their own larva. Moths soared overhead
with mighty, throbbing wing-beats, and all the
world seemed a paradise through which no evil
creatures roamed in search of prey.

  And a strange thing came to pass. Soon after
darkness fell upon the earth and the steady drip-
drop of the rain began, a musical tinkling sound
was heard which grew in volume, and became a
deep-toned roar, which reechoed and reverberated
from the opposite hillsides until it was like melodi-
ous and long-continued thunder. For a long time
the people were puzzled and a little afraid, but Burl
took courage and investigated. .

  He emerged from the concealing thicket and
peered cautiously about, seeing nothing. Then he
dared move in the direction of the sound, and the
gleam from a dozen fireflies showed him a sheet
of water pouring over a vertical cliff to the river
far below.

  The rainfall, gentle as it was, when gathered
from all the broad expanse of the mountainside,
made a river of its own, which had scoured out a
bed, and poured down each night to plunge in a
smother of spray and foam through six hundred
feet of empty space to the swiftly flowing river
in the center of the valley. It was this sound that
had puzzled the tribefolk, and this sound that
lulled them to sleep when Burl at last came back
to allay their fears.

  The next day they explored their new territory
with a boldness of which they would not have been
capable a month before. They found a single great
trap-door in the earth, sure sign of the burrow of
a monster spider, and Burl resolved that before
many days the spider would be dealt with. He
told his tribesmen so, and they nodded their heads
solemnly instead of shrinking back in terror as they
would have done not long since.

  The tribe was rapidly becoming a group of men,
capable of taking the aggressive. They needed Burl’s
rash leadership, and for many generations they
would need bold leaders, but they were infinitely
superior to the timid, rabbit-like creatures they had
been. They bore spears, and they had used them.
They had seen danger, and had blindly followed
Burl through the forest of .strangled things instead
of fleeing weakly from the peril.

  They wore soft, yellow fur about their middles,
taken from the bodies of giant slugs they had
slain. They had eaten much meat, and preferred
its succulent taste to the insipid savor of the mush-
rooms that had once been their steady diet. They
knew the exhilaration of brave adventure—though
they had been forced into adventure by Burl—and
they were far more worthy descendants of their
ancestors than those ancestors had known for many
thousand years.

  The exploration of their new domain yielded
many wonders and a few advantages. The tribe-
folk found that the nearest ant-city was miles away,
898

AMAZING STORIES

and that the small insects would trouble them but
rarely. (The nightly rush of water down the slop-
ing sides of the mountain made it undesirable for
the site of an ant colony.)

  And best of all, back in the little pocket in the
mountainside, they found old and disused cells of
hunting wasps. The walls of the pocket were made
of soft sandstone with alternate layers of clay, and
the wasps had found digging easy.

  There were a dozen or more burrows, the shaft
of each some four feet in diameter and going back
into the cliff for nearly thirty feet, where they
branched out into a number of cells. Each of the
cells had once held a grub which had grown fat
and large upon its hoard of paralyzed crickets, and
then had broken away to the outer world to emerge
as a full-grown wasp.

  Now, however, the laboriously tunneled caverns
would furnish a hiding-place for the tribe of men,
a far more secure hiding-place than the center of
the mushroom thickets. And, furthermore, a hid-
ing-place which, because more permanent, would
gradually become a possession for which the men
would fight.

  It is a curious thing that the advancement of a
people from a state of savagery and continual war-
fare to civilization and continual peace is not made
by the elimination of the causes of strife, but by
the addition of new objects and ideals, in defense of
which that same people will offer battle.

  A single chrysalis was found securely anchored
to the underside of a rock-shelf, and Burl detached
it with great labor and carried it into one of the
burrows, though the task was one that was almost
beyond his strength. He desired the butterfly that
would emerge for his own use.

  He preempted, too, a solitary burrow a little dis-
tant from the others, and made preparations for an
event that was destined to make his plans wiser
and more far-reaching than before.

  His followers were equally busy with their var-
ious burrows, gathering stores of soft growth for
their couches, and later—at Burl’s suggestion-
even carrying within the dark caverns the radiant
heads of the luminous mushrooms to furnish il-
lumination. The light would be dim, and after
the mushroom had partly dried it would cease, but
for a people utterly ignorant of fire it was far
from a bad plan.

  Burl was very happy for that time. His people
looked upon him as a savior, and obeyed his least
order without question. He was growing to repose
some measure of trust in them, too, as men who
began to have some glimmerings of the new-found
courage that had come to him, and which he had
striven hard to implant in their breasts.

  The tribe had been a formless gathering of
people. There were six or seven men and as many
women, and naturally families had come into being
—sometimes after fierce and absurd fights among
the men—but the families were not the sharply
distinct agreements they would have been in a tribe
of higher development.

  The marriage was but an agreement, terminable
at any time, and the men had but little of the feel-
ing of parenthood, though the women had all the
fierce maternal instinct of the insects abdut them.

  These burrows in which the tribefolk were mak-
ing their homes would put an end to the casual
nature of the marriage bonds. They were homes
in the making—damp and humid burrows without
fire or heat, but homes, nevertheless. The family
may come before the home, in the development of
mankind, but it invariably exists when the home
has been made.

  The tribe had been upon the plateau for nearly
a week when Burl found that stirrings and smug-
glings were going on within the huge cocoon he
had laid close beside the burrow he had chosen for
his own. He cast aside all other work, and waited
patiently for the thing he knew was about to hap-
pen. He squatted on his haunches beside the huge,
oblong cylinder, his spear in his hand, waiting
patiently. From time to time he nibbled at a bit
of edible mushroom.

  Burl had acquired many new traits, among which
a little foresight was most prominent, but he had
never conquered the habit of feeling hungry at any
and every time that food was near at hand. He
had to wait. He had food. Therefore, he ate.

  The sound of scrapings came from the closed
cocoon, caked upon its outer side with dirt and
mold. The scraping and scratching continued, and
presently a tiny hole showed, which rapidly en-
larged. Tiny jaws and a dry, glazed skin became
visible, the skin looking as if it had been varnished
with many coats of brown shellac. Then a mal-
formed head forced its way through and stopped.

  All motion ceased for a matter of perhaps half an
hour, and then the strange, blind head seemed to
become distended, to be swelling. A crack ap-
peared along its upper part, which lengthened and
grew wide. And then a second head appeared from
within the first.

  This head was soft and downy, and a slender
proboscis was coiled beneath its lower edge like
the trunk of one of the elephants that had been
extinct for many thousand years. Soft scales and
fine hairs alternated to cover it, and two immense,
many-faceted eyes gazed mildly at the world on
which it was looking for the first time. The color
of the whole was purest milky-white.

  Slowly and painfully, assisting itself by slender,
colorless legs that seemed strangely feeble and
trembling, a butterfly crawled from the cocoon. Its
wings were folded and lifeless, without substance
or color, but the body was a perfect white. The
butterfly moved a little distance from its cocoon and
slowly unfurled its wings. With the action, life
seemed to be pumped into them from some hidden
spring in the insect’s body. The slender antenna
spread out and wavered gently in the warm air.
The wings were becoming broad expanses of snowy
velvet.

  A trace of eagerness seemed to come into the
butterfly’s actions. Somewhere there in the valley
sweet food and joyous companions awaited it.
Fluttering above the fungoids of the hillsides,
surely there was a mate with whom the joys of
love were to be shared, surely upon those gigantic
patches of green, half hidden in the haze, there
would be laid tiny golden eggs that in time would
hatch into small, fat grubs.

  Strength came to the butterfly’s limba, Its
THE RED DUST

899

wings were spread and closed with a new assurance.
It spread them once more, and raised them to make
the first flight of this new existence in a marvelous
world, full of delights and adventures—Burl struck
home with his spear.

  The delicate limbs struggled in agony, the wings
fluttered helplessly, and in a little while the butter-
fly lay still upon the fungus-carpeted earth, and
Burl leaned over to strip away the great wings of
snow-white velvet, to sever the long and slender
antenna, and then to call his tribesmen and bid
them share in the food he had for them.

  And there was a feast that afternoon. The
tribesmen sat about the white carcass, cracking
open the delicate limbs for the meat within them,
and Burl made sure that Saya secured the choicest
bits. The tribesmen were happy. Then one of the
children of the tribe stretched a hand aloft and
pointed up the mountainside.

  Coming slowly down the slanting earth was a
long, narrow file of living animals. For a time the
file seemed to be but one creature, but Burl’s keen
eyes soon saw that there were many. They were
caterpillars, each one perhaps ten feet long, each
with a tiny black head armed with sharp jaws, and
with dull-red fur upon their backs. The rear of
the procession was lost in the mist of the low-
hanging cloud-banks that covered the mountainside
some two thousand feet above the plateau, but the
foremost was no more than three hundred yards
away.

  Slowly and solemnly the procession came on, the
black head of the second touching the rear of the
first, and the head of the third touching the rear
of the second. In faultless alinement, without in-
tervals, they moved steadily down the slanting side
of the mountain.

  Save the first, they seemed absorbed in maintain-
ing their perfect formation, but the leader con-
stantly rose upon his hinder half and waved the
fore part of his body in the air, first to the right
and then to the left, as if searching out the path
he would follow.

  The tribefolk watched in amazement mingled with
terror. Only Burl was calm. He had never seen
a slug that meant danger to man, and he reasoned
that these were at any rate moving slowly so that
they could be distanced by the fleeter-footed human
beings, but he also meant to be cautious.

  The slow march kept on. The rear of the proces-
sion of caterpillars emerged from the cloud-bank,
and Burl saw that a shining white line was left
behind them. No less than eighty great caterpillars
clad in white and dingy red were solemnly moving
down the mountainside, leaving a path of shining
silk behind them. Head to tail, in single .file, they
had no eyes or ears for anything but their proces-
sion.

  The leader reached the plateau, and turned. He
came to the cluster of giant cabbages, and ignored
them. He came to a thicket of mushrooms, and
passed through it, followed by his devoted band.
Then he came to an open space where the earth was
soft and sandy, where sandstone had weathered and
made a great heap of easily moved earth.

  The leading caterpillar halted, and began to bur-
row experimentally in the ground. The result

pleased him, and some signal seemed to pass along
the eight-hundred-foot line of creatures. The
leader began to dig with feet and jaws, working
furiously to cover himself completely with the soft
earth. Those immediately behind him abandoned
their formation, and pressed forward in haste.
Those still farther back moved more hurriedly.

  All, when they reached the spot selected by the
leader, abandoned any attempt to keep to their
line, and hastened to find an unoccupied spot in
the open space in which to bury themselves.

  For perhaps half an hour the clearing was the
scene of intense activity, incredible activity. Huge,
ten-foot bodies burrowed desperately in the whitish
earth, digging frantically to cover themselves.

  After the half-hour, however, the last of the
caterpillars had vanished. Only an occasional
movement of the earth from the struggle of a
buried creature to bury itself still deeper, and the
freshly turned surface showed that beneath the
clearing on the plateau eighty great slugs were
preparing themselves, for the sleep of metamor-
phosis. The piled-up earth and the broad, white
band of silk, leading back up the hillside until it
became lost in the clouds, alone remained to .tell of
the visitation.

  The tribesmen had watched in amazement. They
had never seen these creatures before, but they
knew, of course, why they had entombed themselves.
Had they known what the scientists of thirty thou-
sand years before had written in weighty and dull
books, they would have deduced from the appear-
ance of the processionary caterpillars—or pine-
caterpillars—that somewhere above the banks of
clouds there were growing trees and sunlight, that
a moon shone down, and stars twinkled from the
blue vault of a cloudless sky.

  But the tribesmen did not know. They only
knew that there, beneath the soft earth, was a
mighty store of food for them when they cared
to dig for it, that their provisions for many months
were secure, and that Burl, their leader, was a great
and mighty man for having led them to this land of
safety and plenty.

  Burl read their emotions in their eyes, but better
than their amazement and wonderment was a glance
that had nothing whatever to do with his leadership
of the tribe. And then Burl rose, and took the two
snowy-white velvet cloaks from the wings of the
white butterfly. One of them he flung about his
own shoulders, and the other he flung about Saya.
And then those two stood up before the wide-eyed
tribesmen, and Burl spoke:

  “This is my mate, and my food is her food, and
her wrath is my wrath. My burrow is her burrow,
and her sorrow, my sorrow.

  “Men whom I have led to this land of plenty,
hear me. As ye obey my words, see to it that the
words of Saya are obeyed likewise, for my spear
will loose the life from any man who angers her.
Know that as I am great beyond all other men, so
Saya is great beyond all other women, for I say
it, and it is so.”

And he drew Saya toward him, trembling slightly,
and put his arm about her waist before all the tribe,
and the tribesmen muttered in acquiescent whispers
(Continued on -page 968)
 ®* a. Hyatt Errill **

Author of “Beyond the Pole” and “Through the Crater’s Rina.”

,mti?inl]7fai?dero.Kni.Umbrcke lcose’ Screams/shiuts, frightened cries rose from the crowd which had quickly gathered, and awed,
liaabla to believe their eyes, men, women and children shoved, crowded and fought to make way for the woman’s form floating in ait,

through their midst.
THE MAN yVHO COULD VANISH

901

PROLOGUE

N the third day of last August the pub-
lic was astounded by a story which
appeared in every newspaper in the
country. Extra editions of even the
most staid and conservative papers ap-
peared on the streets shortly after noon and, in
screaming headlines, announced:

 “HARTWELL BUILDING DISAPPEARS.
 TWENTY STORY STRUCTURE VANISHES
 IN BROAD DAYLIGHT AND REAPPEARS.
 MARVELOUS AND INEXPLICABLE ILLU-
 SION WITNESSED BY CROWDS. BELIEVED
 TO BE A DEMONSTRATION BY'SOME MAS-
 TER HYPNOTIST SEEKING PUBLICITY.”

  It is not necessary to quote the stories that oc-
cupied entire pages of the press, for while all agreed
in the main essentials, no two were the same and
all contained glaring errors and discrepancies.
Moreover, the events must still be fresh in the
minds of my readers. Suffice to say that each and
every account stated that the new Hartwell Build-
ing, in process of construction on Nineteenth Street,
had suddenly vanished from sight during the
noon hour; that hundreds of citizens had packed
the thoroughfare; that the police and- fire depart-
ments had been called out, and that, for a space of
several minutes, only a vacant lot and an immense
excavation had been visible where the building had
stood. Then, while the crowd looked on, the struc-
ture had reappeared as suddenly and mysteriously
as it had vanished.

  The story was so utterly incredible that, at first,
many persons thought it
merely a canard or some
advertising or publicity
scheme. But as, during
the following days, the
press was filled with ac-
counts of the phenomenon
as related by eyewit-
nesses, and as the police
and fire department offi-
cials confirmed the re-
ports, and there could be
no question regarding the
authenticity of the story,
innumerable theories and
explanations were sug-
gested, and so for days
the crowds thronged the
streets near the Hartwell Banna——m—■
Building and stood, gaz-
ing expectantly, in the hopes that it might repeat its
mysterious behavior.

  The concensus of opinion was that the astounding
occurrence had been brought about by some hypnot-
ist or fakir who, as the East Indian magicians are
supposed to do, had hypnotised the onlookers, and
that the disappearance of the building had been
wholly an illusion. “No doubt,” said the “Times,”
“the public will soon be informed that Signor So-
and-So, the world’s greatest hypnotist and illusion-
ist, will appear at a certain theatre, with a further
announcement of the fact that the Signor deluded

 TF you have read "Beyond ihe Pole’’, by A. Hyatt Verrill,
 you will no doubt be interested in the present story by
 the same author. IVe have no hesitancy in recommending
 it, and at the same time slating that we believe it is one of
 the greatest stories on man-made invisibility which has
 ever appeared. In these latter days of science it would be
 rash to say that invisibility can not be produced. Already
 Dr. Jules Stean, of Alsace-Lorraine, has produced partial
 invisibility by injecting certain liquids into animal tissue,
 which make the animal practically transparent when it is
 viewed in a certain light. The full details of his experi-
 ments were published in the February, 1921, issue of
 SCIENCE AND INVENTION. No experiments have been
 made on human beings as yet, but there is no question that
 sooner or later the problem of invisibility will be solved.
 Just what might happen when the secret is found is well
 related by the author of this story, which you will read not
 only with great interest but with much amusement as well.

hundreds of persons, and by his mesmeric powers,
caused them to believe that a twenty-story build-
ing could vanish into thin air.”

  But as time went on and no one came forward to
claim the doubtful honor of being able to accomplish
such a feat, by hypnotism or otherwise, the mystery
deepened, and every conceivable theory—both na-
tural and supernatural, was advanced to explain the
wholly unaccountable phenomenon.

  Up to the present time the truth has never been
known, and only two men in the world are aware of
the actual facts and the real solution of the mystery.
One of these is Doctor Lemuel Unsinn, Professor
of Physics at Stanforth University, and my life-
time friend and college chum; the other is myself.
As the time has now passed when any harm can
come from giving the true story to the world, and
as the explanation is even more incredible and re-
markable than any of the imaginary solutions put
forth, we have agreed that the public should be
made acquainted with the facts. Indeed, the
authentic story would have been published some
months ago had it not been essential to make cer-
tain arrangements to safeguard the secret, and
whose making required much more time than had
been anticipated.

  In order to make clear just how the astounding
occurrence took place, and to enable my readers to
thoroughly understand my true if incredible story,
it will be necessary to begin at the beginning and to
recount every detail of the events which led to the
final results. To many readers much of this matter
will, no doubt, prove rather dry, and, if I were writ-
ing fiction, I would omit all those portions of the

tale which deal with the
iomumujuscientific side and the pre-

liminaries. But both Dr.
Unsinn and myself feel
that to omit such matters
would be a great mistake,
and that as the story is
of as much interest and
importance to the scienti-
fic world as to the layman,
nothing should be left un-
told. Moreover, we feel
that unless such matters
were included my story
would be considered as
purely fictitious. And at
any rate the reader is at
liberty to skip such por-
tions of my narrative as
the appreciative reader
may find to be lacking in real and genuine interest.

CHAPTER I

Doctor Unsinn Propounds Some Theories

  T really began when I was visiting my old friend
and college chum, Dr. Lemuel Unsinn, soon)
after his return from an international confer
ence of scientists.

  He had been telling me of the various new dis-
coveries which had been announced by his fellows,
and mentioned certain phenomena of light ray^
902

AMAZING STORIES

which, hitherto unseen, had now been brought with-
in the scope of human vision. Although I could
not, as a layman, see the importance of the dis-
covery, my friend was most enthusiastic about the
matter, and, among other statements, declared that
it might yet be possible to render objects invisible.

  I laughed. “That is utterly impossible,” I de-
clared.

  “Nothing within the realms of Science is impos-
sible,” he retorted.

  “Perhaps not,” I admitted, “but there are many
things which are so highly improbable that to all in-
tents and purposes they are beyond possibility or
reason.”

  “Utter nonsense!” he ejaculated. “Ignorance,
lack of imagination, pig-headed conservatism.
Every advance made by Science has been declared
improbable or impossible, or both, until its feasibil-
ity has been proven. Railways, steamships, the
telegraph and telephone, radio, airplanes,—all have
been laughed at and declared impossibilities until
they became actualities. Science,” he went on, as-
suming his lecture-room manner, and looking at me
over the rims of his glasses, “Science does not ac-
knowledge the existence of the words impossible and
improbable. What seems a mere dream today may
become an every-day affair tomorrow. The

scientist-”

  “Oh, all right,” I laughed. “Cut out the lecture.
Granting that nothing is beyond Science, as rep-
resented by my old friend, Lemuel Unsinn, how
do you propose going about it?”

  “I presume you refer to the matter of rendering
visible objects invisible,” he smiled, leaning back in
his chair and placing the tips of his fingers to-
gether.

  I nodded.

  “Hmm, I hardly care to divulge all my ideas, even
to such an old friend as yourself,” he chuckled.
“But I am willing to suggest lines along which such
investigations might be conducted. You state that
it is preposterous to consider making visible, solid
matter invisible. Is it any more preposterous than
to-make inaudible sounds audible, invisible things
visible, or audible sounds inaudible?”

  I shook my head. “No, I’d say one’s as impos-
sible as the other.”

 Lemuel grinned. “Which shows your monu-
mental ignorance,” he exclaimed. “My dear boy,”
he continued, “those feats are all accomplished facts
and are so familiar to you that you do not realize
they exist. The inaudible waves transmitted by
radio are rendered audible in the receiving set; the
audible waves which enter the microphone of the
transmitting station are sent inaudibly through the
ether; and heat, which is invisible under certain
conditions is plainly visible under other conditions
which occur every day."

  “Yes,” I granted rather grudgingly, “I’ll admit
the matter of sounds, but I’d like to know when and
how heat can be seen. That is, unless you refer
to the wavy effect seen above a pavement or sand
on a hot day.”

  “No, there you have air, usually invisible, rend-
ered visible by its motion,” replied my friend. “But
you have undoubtedly seen red-hot or white-hot

metal. And there you have heat made visible.
Heat, sound, light and probably scent also, are all
caused by vibratory waves. Waves varying in
length from the shortest X-rays and Gamma rays to
the longest recorded waves; waves varying from
less than a billionth part of a meter to over one-
hundred-and-fifty thousand meters in length. Un-
fortunately, however, the human system is not
designed or attuned to register or recognize more
than an infinitely small proportion of these vi-
bratory waves. Our eyes can only record those
which range between violet and red, but our
nerves and ears can detect others which are
invisible. For example, there are the heat waves
which are too long for us to see. But if, by
heating an object, we decrease the length of
the waves until they come within the limits of our
vision we see the heat waves as red. And by* still
further heating the object the hotter waves ap-
pear to us as violet, white or yellow; white being,
as you know, merely a mixture or combination of
the various light waves. In other words, my dear
boy, our eyes, our nerves, our ears, and in all prob-
ability our noses as well, are much like radio re-
ceiving sets. We can ‘tune in’ waves of light, sound,
heat and scent within certain limits, and, like radio
receiving sets, we often fail to ‘tune out’ interfer-
ences. Many sounds are far too high or too low
for the human ear to detect, just as many light
waves are too short or too long for us to see.”

  “All extremely interesting and educational.” I
said, “But what bearing does all this have on the
matter under discussion—the rendering of various
objects—any object I believe you said,—invisible?”
“Let me reply by asking you a question,” smiled
my friend. “Why are objects—human beings,
houses, trees, anything we see,—visible? Merely
because they reflect light,” he continued without
waiting for my answer. “Very well, then. We
see an object because it reflects light; we see
colors on that object because it has properties which
cause it to absorb certain light rays and to reflect
others—if red to us, it absorbs the violet, indigo,
blue, green, yellow and orange rays. If it
appears white it reflects all the rays. If black, it
absorbs them. In other words we do not actually
see the object at all. We merely see the light waves
reflected from the object. And if means can be
found to cause the object to absorb the light rays—”
“You’d have a black object instead of a colored
one,” I laughed.

  “Exactly,” agreed my friend quite unperturbed.
“Provided the absorption was imperfect,” he added.
“But,” he continued, “if the means were such as to
cause perfect absorption, in other words to allow
the light waves to pass through the object, then it
would become invisible, just as clear glass is in-
visible, even though glass reflects certain waves of
light which cannot be detected by the human eye.”
I chuckled. The idea of transforming opaque ob-
jects to transparent objects seemed highly amusing.
“Go to it,” I laughed, “Why not begin with the
ladies? Their clothes are pretty nearly trans-
parent now.”

  "If you’re trying to be facetious there’s no use
THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH

903

in my attempting to explain my ideas and theories,”
commented Dr. Unsinn in an injured tone.

  “I wasn't laughing at your theories,” I assured
him. “And I’m really interested, even if I don’t see
what you’re getting at.”

  “If your sense of logic and your knowledge of
science were as highly developed as your sense of
humor and your knowledge of women’s garments,
you might more readily grasp what I am ‘getting at’
as you put it,” he said dryly. “However,” he con-
tinued, “I had no intention of conveying the idea
that I believed visible objects could be rendered
invisible by such means. But if, by altering the
frequency or lengths of light waves reflected from
an object, we could render such waves too short
or too long for the human eye to register, then the
object would become wholly invisible.”

  By this time I was really interested. My friend’s
arguments were, I knew, sound. If the frequency
of one form of vibratory wave could be altered; if
an oscillating wave could be changed to a direct
wave or vice versa, if the inaudible radio waves
could be made audible by the simplest of instru-
ments, was there any scientific reason why light
waves ordinarily visible might not be made in-
visible?

  “And the man who succeeds in accomplishing such
a feat will control the world,” declared Dr. Unsinn
interrupting my thoughts. “Imagine it! Think
for a moment what it would mean I He could com-
mand anything, everything. He could amass mil-
lions, billions if he wished. He could control the
destinies of nations! No treaties, no plots, no
business deals could be secret. He could go any-
where, unknown, unsuspected, unseen. Why," he
exclaimed, as he sprang from his chair and began
excitedly pacing the room. “Think what it would
mean to a nation! Armies, battleships, invisible!
And-”

  “Think what it would mean to the crooks,” I
broke in. “Better not delve too far, Old Man. You
might succeed and your secret might leak out.
Well, I must be going. Good luck to you in your
experiments. And”—with a laugh, “Let’s hope
that the next time I see you I shan’t see you at all.”

CHAPTER II

An Amazing Demonstration

A FEW days after the foregoing conversation
with my old friend, Doctor Unsinn, import-
ant business unexpectedly called me to
Sout& America.

  Although his words often occurred to me on the
long journey south, yet I gave them little serious
consideration, for I knew that Lemuel, like so many
scientific men, was prone to theorize and to argue
most plausibly and convincingly in support of some
theory, even if he had no real faith in it. And, amid
new scenes and new friends, and with matters of
much -more pressing importance to occupy my at-
tention, all thoughts of Dr. Unsinn’s weird ideas
were completely driven from my mind.

  Not until several months later, when I was home-
jvard bound, did I again think of our last con-

versation. I had, to be sure, dropped him a post-
card now and then, but I had received no reply and
did not expect any. Lemuel was never one to write,
and he considered it a waste of time to carry on a
purposeless correspondence with anyone, although
he would fill page after page with facts, figures and
theories in letters to other scientists. Now, how-
ever, as I recalled our conversation, I found myself
wondering if he had actually attempted to carry his
theory to a test. Of course the idea was ridiculously
bizarre and unattainable and yet, I felt sure that Dr.
Unsinn had actually been in earnest and really be-
lieved that it Was scientifically possible to produce
invisibility in solid matter.

  And the more I mentally reviewed his words and
analyzed his statements, the more I felt that he
might be right, at least theoretically. After all, was
such a feat any more remarkable than the fact
that the ship’s wireless operator was talking and
listening to people thousands of miles distant and
separated from our ship by countless leagues of sea
and land? And yet the idea of any material object
being invisible seemed so far-fetched and super-
natural that I could not bring myself to 'believe that
Lemuel would ever attempt to experiment along
such lines. Nevertheless, I had thought so much on
the subject that, at the first opportunity after my
arrival, and reaching my apartment, I called Dr.
Unsinn, by phone and, after the usual greetings,
asked how he was succeeding in his black art. Per-
haps he felt slightly piqued at my tone or my words,
but instantly there was a change in his voice and
he replied, rather shortly, that it was evident that
I had not improved in my attitude towards science,
but that, as an old chum and friend, he would be
glad to have me call whenever I found it convenient.

  Just why my curiosity had been aroused I can-
not say, but curious I was nevertheless and within
the hour I was at Lemuel’s door. His Filipino ser-
vant Miguel, answered the bell and greeted me with
a welcoming grin on his usually emotionless face.

  “The Senor Doctor is in the laboratory,” he an-
nounced as I entered. “He Bay you will please to
await him in the library. He will arrive in one little
moment.”

  I was somewhat surprised for, as a rule, I was
welcome to enter Lemuel’s holy of holies whenever
I called, and never before had I been asked to await
his pleasure like a perfect stranger. But no doubt I
thought, he was busy on some delicate experiment
and did not wish to be interrupted. Entering the
library I turned to a table littered with magazines
and scientific reports and rather idly glanced
through them. A sound, like the creaking of a foot-
step on a loose board caused me to turn, but the
door was open, the hallway was in plain view and
no one was in sight. Once more I resumed my per-
usal of the periodicals and was becoming a bit in-
terested in an article I ran across, when I was
startled by a low chuckle. Instantly I wheeled
about, surprised that I had not heard my friend’s
approach, only to find the room empty. Then, as I
stood, rather foolishly gaping I fear, and puzzled
to understand how my ears had deceived me, I fair-
ly jumped. Out of the obviously empty room came
Dr. Unsinn’s unmistakable voice.
904

AMAZING STORIES

  “Sorry to have kept you waiting,” it said, “You’re
looking exceedingly well after your trip.”

  For an instant a strange creepy sensation swept
over me. Then I realized that this must be one of
my friend’s practical jokes. No doubt he had in-
stalled some sort of telephone or loud speaker ar-
rangement in the apartment and was testing it out
on me.

  As nearly as I could judge, the words had come
from the farther corner of the room where there
was a large, deeply-upholstered chair. Taking a
step nearer, I peered into the corner, trying to dis-
cover the hidden instrument. And as I gazed at the
chair I rubbed my eyes and wondered if I were tak-
ing leave of my senses.

  Slightly above the back of the chair and sus-
pended in mid-air were a pair of spectacles. On the
left side and a short distance below was a round
metal disc and also seemingly floating in the at-
mosphere, were a number of buttons, a gold watch
and chain, two small ornamental silver buckles,
Borne cuff links and a large signet ring. Just below
these and suspended a few inches above the chair
seat were several silver coins, while just above the
floor four rows of small metal rings hung without
any support whatsoever.

  Even while I gazed, dumbfounded, utterly at a
loss to account for this strange hallucination, that
ghostly chuckle again issued from the corner, and
I saw the various objects sway, the coins shift their
position and the ring move towards the spectacles
which seemed to follow it, as though drawn by a
magnet, as it again descended to its former position.
Then, once again, the uncanny voice spoke.

  “My dear boy, your expression is most remark-
able,” it said. “You really should see yourself. But
it is most gratifying to me for it proves my test is
a success. If I remember correctly, you remarked,
when I last saw you, that you hoped the next time
you saw me you would not see me at all. Well, your
wish is granted, you are gazing—or rather I might
say, gaping, at me without seeing me. But I do
not wonder you are amazed and also incredulous—•
don’t deny it, I can see you think this some hoax.
However—”

  I had been gazing, gaping; jaw dropped, mouth
open, eyes fairly popping, as the voice spoke, and
fascinated, I saw the watch, the discs and the money
slowly rise upward and come towards me. The next
instant I fairly shrieked and leaped back. An un-
seen ghostly hand had gripped my shoulder! A
hearty peal of laughter rang through the apartment
as, shaken, almost terror stricken, I shrank back
against the old-fashioned mantel.

  “Yes, my experiment is a complete success,” an-
nounced the disembodied voice, “but there is no need
to carry the test further. You see my ‘black art’ as
you call it has worked, and the impossible has been
made possible. But I feel you will be more at ease
if I am visible. No doubt it will take time to ac-
custom yourself to the phenomenon.”

  Hardly had the last word been issued when the
watch, the discs and the coins vanished, and Dr.
Unsinn stood before me, as solid, as substantial
and as natural as ever.

  I collapsed. It was almost as great a shock to my

nerves to see my friend materialize from the air as
it had been to hear his voice, to feel his grip when
he had been invisible, yes, invisible, for no longer
could I doubt that the scientist had succeeded in
making the impossible possible.

  “I think I have answered your query of this
morning,” exclaimed Dr. Unsinn triumphantly, as
he seated himself in his favorite chair. “I felt
quite sure of my.success even before you arrived,”
he continued. “I could not be sure, however, for,
strangely enough,—and quite surprising and as yet
somewhat inexplicable to me, I can see myself in a
mirror even when invisible to others. But I tried
it to a slight extent on Miguel, although I dared
not put the fellow to a thorough test,—too super-
stitious and excitable you know. Might have died
of fright or have bolted, if I had spoken, or if he
had noticed anything such as my watch or buttons.
Ah, you noticed such objects did you not?”

  By this time I had regained a bit of my compos-
ure and enough breath to speak. “I’ll say I did,” I
replied. “But why allow such objects to remain
visible?”

  “Hmm, that is my great difficulty,” replied Lem-
uel regretfully. “It is obvious that the same treat-
ment will not serve for all objects. I have learned
how to render any organic substance invisible, but,
as yet, I have not discovered how to accomplish the
result with inorganic matter. My body, my cloth-
ing, my shoes, yes, even objects of wood are, by my
method, easily rendered invisible, but metals—my
watch, my suspender buttons, the coins in my pock-
et and the eyelets for my shoe strings resist, so
far, all my efforts.”

  “But how,” I interrupted, “do you do it?”

  Dr. Unsinn smiled knowingly. “That is a secret
I do not care to divulge,” he replied. “But,” he
went on, “in a general way it is along the lines I
suggested during our last conversation on the sub-
ject,—by altering the frequency of light waves so
that they become invisible to the human eye. As
you, my friend, are deplorably ignorant of higher
physics, I may perhaps better explain the process
by comparing it with certain phenomena of radio
with which you may be more or less familiar. Do
you know the meaning of the term ‘heterodyne?’”

  I nodded.

  “Good,” continued Lemuel. "Then I can state
that by my process I send out certain vibratory
waves from my apparatus, and these, striking the
light rays, reflect them back with a frequency
which renders them invisible. In other words, the
light rays which would, normally, strike a solid
object, and, being reflected therefrom, would cause
that object to become visible, are prevented from
striking that object by my method, but strike an
armor of an envelope of outgoing vibratory waves.
Is that clear?”

  “Perfectly,” I lied blithely, not in the least un-
derstanding the scientific side of the explanation,
but deeply interested nevertheless. “But,” I asked,
“I don’t understand why some objects remain vis-
ible while others vanish, and I didn’t notice any ap-
paratus for bringing on your astounding invisi-
bility.”

  “I do not myself fully understand why organic
THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH

.905

oDjects should respond to my treatment and in-
organic objects should resist it,” admitted my
friend. “But it is probably due to the fact that in-
organic materials do not throw off my vibratory
waves at the same frequency as organic materials.
But I will solve the problem; I must solve it! As
for your other query, the appliance which I em-
ploy is very compact and becomes invisible together
with myself. At first the apparatus was cumber-
some and clumsy, but I have now perfected it and
have it so readily and perfectly under control that
it is even more simple than tuning-in on a small
radio receiving set. Indeed, the results may be
brought about slowly and gradually, as I will de-
monstrate.”

  As Dr. Unsinn stood before me a strange, incred-
ibly weird change came over him. A thin haze
seemed to envelop his body, and as I stared fascin-
ated, the haze seemed slowly to clear away and to
my indescribable amazement I saw the curtained
doorway leading into the room whose portiere and
parts of whose frame appeared through my friend’s
body and' head. If ever there was a ghost Lemuel
was one. And then, as if snuffed out, Lemuel com-
pletely vanished and only his spectacles, the fra-
ternity button on his lapel, his watch and chain, his
cuff-links, his belt and arm-garter buckles, his ring,
watch and chain and the other metallic objects of
his apparel remained to assure my reeling senses
that Dr. Unsinn still stood before me.

  I cannot begin to describe the sensation of thus
seeing my companion vanish before my eyes, but it
was nothing compared to the creepy, uncanny
nerve-racking sensation which followed, as Lemuel’s
characteristic chuckle issued from the transparent*
air and he again spoke.

  “For Heaven’s sake!” I cried, “Don’t do that. I’ll
have a nervous collapse if that disembodied voice
of yours keeps on.”

  The voice laughed, but the next instant my friend
was before me as substantial as ever.

  “You’ll get accustomed to the sensation,” he de-
clared, “but—”

  “Never,” I broke in. “No normal person could
ever get accustomed to seeing a man vanish be-
fore his eyes or to hearing a voice talking from thin
air."

  “Hmm, I had rather expected something of this
sort,” admitted Lemuel. “No doubt it is a bit un-
nerving but you must accustom yourself to the
phenomenon. Now, if you will follow my directions
and, using a duplicate instrument, will render your-
self invisible—”

  “I will not!” I declared. “I have no desire to try
the experiment. But even if I did I fail to see how
that would render your disappearance any less un-
canny.”

  “It is my belief,” replied Dr. Unsinn, “that if
you were treated by my waves I would still be vis-
ible to you and you to me. I am, as I informed you,
quite visible to myself when I look in a mirror.
This I assume is due to some effect which my ap-
paratus exercises upon the optic nerves, thus en-
abling the eye to register the light-waves even
when their frequency is accelerated. I am most

anxious to test the matter and you will confer a
great favor by acceding to my wishes.”

  “Not a bit of it,” I declared. “You can monkey
with such things all you wish, but I’m perfectly
satisfied to remain visible.”

  Lemuel shook his head sadly. “You’re a conserv-
ative imbecile,” he informed me. “I had counted
on your accompanying me, as I go about, in order
to note the effect upon the public, and it would be
most desirable that you should also be invisible.”
“Look here,” I said. “I know you can vanish; I
know it’s all a perfectly natural feat, but it’s too
devilishly creepy and uncanny for my nerves. And
if you’re going to keep on being snuffed out and
talking from an invisible mouth I’ll leave you to
your own devices and not come near your place.”
Dr. Unsinn grinned. ‘You forget that you
couldn’t prevent me from coming to see you.” he
reminded me. “I could enter your apartment un-
seen and unsuspected. I might be seated on one of
your chairs or lying on a couch in the same room
with you and you’d never suspect it.”

  “If I didn’t see your confounded watch and other
metallic articles,” I assented. “But with all your
darned scientific ardor I know you’re not one to
butt-in where you’re not wanted,—even for the sake
of an experiment.”

  “But all joking aside,” said my friend, “I am
sorry that your nerves should be upset by my de-
monstration. However, there is, I think, a means of
overcoming all your objections and yet helping me
with my most valuable and interesting experiments.
I have, in fact, devised a little instrument which
will enable you to see me even when I am invisible
to others.”

  Rising, he opened a cabinet, and turning, handed
me a small rectangular box slightly larger than r
cigarette case. To one end of the box a fine braidec
cord was attached with the other end terminating
in a pair of metal-rimmed, slightly tinted, eye-
glasses.

  “If you will place the detector case in your pocket
and adjust the glasses on your nose, we will try an
interesting test,” announced Dr. Unsinn.

  “Look here,” I said. “Is this some darned trick to
make me invisible?”

  “I assure you it is not,” he declared. “But if I
am not vastly mistaken it will prevent me from be-
coming invisible to you.”

  Somewhat hesitatingly, and without the least
faith in the apparently simple device, I slipped the
case in my breast pocket and placed the glasses on
my nose. As far as I could see all objects remained
the same as before, though everything, including
Lemuel’s face, took on a peculiar pinkish tint, due,
I supposed, to the color of the glasses.

  “I presume you have no difficulty in seeing the
various objects about the room, including myself,”
said my friend.

  “Not a bit,” I assured him.

  “Then, if you will kindly press the lever on the
case we will proceed.”

  Examining the case, I noticed a small lever or
arm which fitted snuggly into a small groove on one
edge of the affair.
906

AMAZING STORIES

  "Lift, the lever and move it forward—toward the
cord, as far as it will go,” said my friend.

  A slight click followed by an almost inaudible
whistling sound issued from the case as I obeyed
his instructions. But, as far as I could see, theoe
were no other results. Lemuel still sat in his chair,
his legs crossed, his elbows on the chair-arms, the
tips of his fingers together, and his mild blue eyes
looking over the tops of his glasses.

  “The confounded contraption’s a dud,” I ex-
claimed, “everything’s just the same.”

“Precisely,” my friend agreed. “But just re-
move the glasses from your eyes for a moment.”
As I complied with his request I uttered a cry of
utter amazement. Dr. Unsinn was absolutely in-
visible!

  “Now replace the glasses," said his disembodied
voice.

  Hardly knowing what to expect, absolutely
dumbfounded, I again placed the glasses before my
eyes and there sat my friend as before. I could not
believe it. I could not believe that this “now you
see him and now you don’t” effect was produced by
the glasses. No, I felt sure, it was a trick on Lem-
uel’s part. He must manage to vanish and to re-
appear coincidently with my donning or removing
the lenses. But he assured me,—quite heatedly and
convincingly,—that he had remained in the invis-
ible state throughout the experiment, and, more-
over, he was so evidently highly elated at the suc-
cess of his invention that at last I was forced to
believe that the magic glasses actually rendered the
invisible visible. But my brain was now in a com-
plete chaos. My friend’s power to render himself
invisible, the fact that certain objects remained
visible, the effect of the glasses rendering him vis-
ible to me while still invisible to ordinary eyes,
were all unquestionable facts; but they were so
weird, uncanny and downright supernatural, that
I felt as if in a confused, preposterous dream, and
I half expected to wake up at any moment.

  “It’s splendid,” exclaimed Lemuel, interrupting
my chaotic thoughts. “Even if I cannot overcome
your absurd and unreasonable objections to becom-
ing invisible it now matters little.”

  “Look here!” I ejaculated. “Just what are you
planning to do? Are you going out to amass the
millions you spoke of, to control the world? I’ll ad-
mit there’s no reason why you should not succeed,—
possessing your secret, nothing is impossible of at-
tainment, but if you plan taking me along you’re
mistaken. I’m not invisible and I don’t intend to
be, and I can easily foresee where I’d be the goat
for any confounded ghostly acts you perpetrated.”
Dr. Unsinn laughed heartily. “My dear boy!” he
cried, controlling his merriment. “You appear to
forget that I am a scientist and a respected member
of the community with a reputation to uphold. I
have not the least desire nor intention to overstep
the bounds of honesty, law, or proper behavior, even
if invisible. If I were so minded I could, as you
know, help myself to the world’s treasures, could
control the destinies of nations, could in fact place
myself beyond the power of man or the law. But
my sole idea is to use my discovery for the benefit
of mankind, to perfect it and give it to the world, as

so many great discoveries have been given. We men
of science are never materialists.—”

  “You’re an idiot!” I exclaimed. “Benefit of man-
kind ! Give it to the world! Why, if you gave your
discovery to the world,—if you gave the secret to
anyone,—it would be a curse to mankind; you’d be
destroying law and order and the world!”

  “Hmm, perhaps there is something in that,” ad-
mitted Lemuel regretfully. “But at any rate, I must
discover how to treat inorganic substances before
any very extensive experiments can be conducted.
It would hardly do for a crowd to see a watch and
buttons wandering about without visible attach-
ment or reason.”

  “You might leave your watch behind, and use
bone or fibre buttons,” I suggested.

  “But, my dear man,” objected my friend, “unless
I can render all substances invisible I shall feel that
my efforts have been in vain.”

  “And I sincerely hope you fail,” I informed him.
“I don’t see what good it will do for the rest of the
world, and if it leaks out, Heaven help us.”
"JusiTwhat thousands of conservative hide-bound
persons have said of every great discovery of the
past,” exclaimed Lemuel, as I rose to take my leave.

CHAPTER III

Dr. Unsinn Perfects His Invention

AS I walked towards my apartment, my mind
was, of course, filled with thoughts of my
friend’s amazing discovery. And, among
other matters, it came to me, as a rather curious
and amusing fact, that Dr. Unsinn, who had dwelt
so enthusiastically upon the material possibilities
of invisibility, when he first discussed the matter,
was now far more interested in proving his
scientific theories than in profiting by his discovery.
It was typical of the man, and is, I believe, of most
scientists. But a more disturbing thought was that
my friend was deplorably absent-minded,—a common
trait of scientists also, especially when preoccupied
with some experiment, and, being so inherently
honest and frank himself, he was too prone to as-
sume that his fellow-beings were the same. In this
lay, so I feared, a very grave danger. I remem-
bered occasions in the past when, suddenly side-
tracked by some new lead, he had completely for-
gotten formulae or calculations which had enabled
him to succeed in some experiment, and had never
been able to duplicate the results. Might he not, in
endeavoring to perfect some feature of his own dis-
covery, forget some important detail and find him-
self unable to restore himself to visible form? It
was in fact this chance that had caused me to refuse
to test his device upon myself. I could see where it
might be most entertaining and advantageous to
become invisible temporarily, but I had no desire
to remain in that condition indefinitely, and any
failure of Lemuel’s device, any miscalculation, any
accident or any sudden illness on his part might
leave me forever incapable of resuming my visible
form. The risk to be sure might be small, but it
was far too great for me to take. And finally, there
was the chance that Dr. Unsinn might, in his ardor
and enthusiasm, divulge his secret. Unquestion-
THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH

907

ably he would wish to announce his discovery to his
fellow scientists; if he did so some one would make
the fact public and then, as I had said to Lemuel,
Heaven help mankind. My head swam and I fairly
trembled at thought of what would occur should my
friend’s secret fall into the hands of unprincipled
men. Law, society, governments would be power-
less. Possessing the power to become invisible,
crooks could defy the world. They could loot banks,
state treasuries, mints and all other sources of
hoarded millions, unseen, unhampered and leaving
no traces of their identity. Murder, robbery, rapine,
any and all crimes could be committed without fear
of detection or punishment. Even if caught una-
wares and thrown into prison an invisible man could
walk out without being seen. No walls could hold
him, no court try him, no punishment be dealt him.
And even if the secret were known to all, it would
make little difference, unless, as Lemuel had seemed
to think, a person invisible himself could see others
when under the effect of the apparatus. The next in-
stant I laughed out so loudly that passers-by turned
and stared at me. What a fool I had been! How
ridiculous my worry over any such possibility! I
had forgotten about the marvelous glasses! My
friend’s secret might become public property and
yet be harmless, even in the hands of the most des-
perate criminals. Just as there is an antidote for
every poison, so Lemuel’s magic glasses would safe-
guard the world from any evil that might result
from his discovery. Moreover, there was always the
chance that he would be unable to discover a means
of rendering inorganic matter invisible, and if so,
his invention would be of little value either to hon-
est or dishonest men. At thought of the weird situ-
ations that might result, I chuckled. I could imag-
ine a gunman, himself invisible, holding up some
citizen, and I could visualize the amazed expression
of the victim as he saw a revolver suspended in
mid-air and pointing at him, and heard a disem-
bodied voice ordering him to throw up his hands.
And it was amusing to picture motor cars, appar-
ently empty, threading their way through traffic
and stopping and starting at the signals of a visible
whistle blown by an invisible traffic officer. Yes,
one’s imagination could run riot and nothing imag-
ined could equal the reality if my friend’s, invention
came into general use. And, no doubt, I had greatly
overestimated the dangers and the undesirable fea-
tures of the discovery. In all probability the in-
vention, once it became known, would create little
more excitement or wonder than had followed the
invention of the telephone, the radio or any other
epochal thing. People would take it as a matter of
course and no greater harm would come of it than
had resulted from the discovery of the steam en-
gine, electricity, or any other revolutionary inven-
tion, all of which had been looked upon as inimical
to the world and to mankind when they had been
first announced.

  At any rate, I could not afford to worry over
Lemuel’s affairs even if his marvelous achievement
continually occupied my thoughts.

  For several days I heard nothing from Dr. Un-
sinn, and I was far too busy with my own work to
visit him. No doubt he was deep in his experiments

and I felt sure he would notify me when he had per-
fected anything new. And in this I wa3 not mis-
taken. Answering my telephone, I wa3 greeted by
Lemuel’s voice.

  “I’ve got it!” he cried. “I’ve conquered inorganic
matter. Everything is perfected! Can you come
over at once?”

  As on my previous visit, Miguel admitted me,
and, as before, he requested me to wait for my
friend in the library. But this time I was prepared
and had no intention of being either frightened or
amazed at anything Dr. Unsinn might spring on
me. At least, I thought I was; but I had un-
derestimated my friend’s abilities and the astound-
ing possibilities of his perfected discovery.

  Standing before the old-fashioned fireplace, and
listening intently for the slightest sound which
might betray the approach of an invisible being,
I peered about the room half expecting to see Lem-
uel materialize or to hear his bodiless voice speak-
ing to me.

  As I did so a thin fog or mist seemed to cloud my
vision. I can best describe the sensation as similar
to a “blind headache” from which I had at times
suffered. I could distinguish every object in the
library, but everything appeared to be slightly out
of focus. I rubbed my eyes and stared again. In
the wall opposite where I stood a luminous spot
appeared; other bright spots seemed to take form
on the ceiling and the floor and on the other walls
Without doubt, I thought, I was in for a terrific
headache, for such bright, luminous spots always
appeared before my eyes when such an attack was
coming on. And then a strange, a marvelous, an
absolutely astounding and terrifying change took
place. Floor, ceiling, walls; every object within the
room melted away.. It was exactly the effect that I
had seen when a film or a lantern-slide is melted by
the heat of the projection machine. One instant I
was standing before the fireplace in Dr. Unsinn’s
library; the next instant I was in the centre of a
blank, standing in a void. To the right, where a
wall and two windows had been, was the broad,
tree-shaded street with its electric lights and
shadowy houses on the further side. Above
me was space; below me intense, fathomless
blackness. And yet, my feet rested on solid matter
and as, too amazed and terrified even to cry out, I
felt gropingly with my outstretched hands, my
fingers touched the mantel and a nearby table with
magazines that rustled at my touch. And then, in-
stantly, I knew what had occurred. Incredible, ut-
terly unbelievable as it seemed, I knew that Lemuel
by his uncanny, his almost supernatural invention
had amused himself and had demonstrated his
powers by rendering the entire apartment invis-
ible!

  My fright gave way to absolute wonder. It was
impossible but true, and feeling confident that I
was right, I rather hesitatingly took a step forward.
Never shall I forget the sensation. Surrounded by
nothingness, as far as my vision went, suspended
in mid-air, yet I was walking as securely, as firmly
and on as solid a floor as ever. Reassured, I turned
towards the street that stretched before me and
far beneath me. As if in a dream I walked for-
908

AMAZING STORIES

ward with arms extended, and, the next moment,
banged with uncomfortable force against a solid
wall. And at my involuntary expletive, Lemuel’s
hearty laughter came from behind me, and I stag-
gered back as an invisible hand slapped my shoul-
ders.

  “It works!” exclaimed the voice. “It’s the most
wonderful discovery ever made by man!”

  “And the most damnable way to wreck a man’s
nerves,” I blurted out, as my hands came into con-
tact with an invisible chair and I dropped weakly
into it.

  “Sorry I had to frighten you a bit,” said my
friend’s voice. “But I wanted to test the matter
thoroughly.”

  “If you want to keep my friendship, you’ll turn
off your confounded machine and get things back
to normal,” I replied testily.

  “Oh, all right,” agreed Lemuel, “but look here,
old man, can’t you wait a minute? I—”

  “I’m looking here, there and everywhere,” I ex-
claimed. “And there’s nothing to see and I’ve had
enough of this.”

  “Dash it all, then I was wrong after all,” cried
Dr. Unsinn. “I felt sure that while subject to the
treatment one person could see another, and that
while invisible a person could see objects invisible
to others. Well, after all, it doesn’t matter so
much.”

  “You get things back to visibility again before
you start lecturing,” I commanded. “It’s worse
than a nightmare.”

  Before I had finished speaking I found myself
once more amid the familiar surroundings of my
friend’s library with Lemuel seated, grinning tri-
umphantly, in his favorite chair.

  “You didn’t give me enough time to test my
theories thoroughly,” he complained. “I wished to
try the glasses again.”

  “You tested it enough to suit me and more,” I
said. “I’ll take the glasses on your say-so. In fact,
from now on, I’ll believe anything you say in re-
gard to your discovery or invention or black magic
or whatever it is. If you say you can make the en-
tire universe invisible I'll not argue with you. But
let me tell you it’s lucky you didn’t live a century
or so ago. You’d be burned for a witch before
now.”

  “You forget that it would be a difficult undertak-
ing to burn an invisible being,” he reminded me.
“And just think how scared those witch-baiters
would have been, if their stake and fire had sud-
denly vanished from before their eyes.”

  “And I’ll wager that a lot of people will wish you
had been executed before you made your devilish
discovery,” I told him.

  “Not a bit of it!” he declared. “The world will
welcome it and will acclaim me the greatest inven-
tor and greatest benefactor of the human race.”
“See here,” I cried, all my old fears again pos-
sessing me, “Won’t you listen to reason and com-
mon sense? You’re so carried away with your
success that you haven’t stopped to think what it
would mean, if you 1st the world know of your in-
vention. No, don’t interrupt me, I’ve worried over
this ever since I was here last, and I’m going to

have it out with you here and now. I’ll admit you’ve
succeeded better than I expected or hoped, for if
you had failed to make inorganic substances in-
visible your invention might not have been so
dangerous. As it is, the possibilities for destroying
life, property, society and mankind are too tre-
mendous to even think of. Can’t you see what it
would mean if crooks got hold of it? Can’t you see
what it would mean if it fell into the hands of
Bolshevists, or revolutionists or governments? Why
man, you’d upset the world, destroy civilization,
wreak unspeakable woe and misery and terror.”

  “Piffle!” ejaculated Lemuel, “if everything and
everybody was invisible the status of the world
would remain unchanged. How could a criminal
attack an invisible victim? Instead of facilitating
crime it would deter crime. Instead of bringing
on wars and destruction it would prevent such
things. How could an army fight an invisible foe?
How could a navy attack invisible ships? And in-
visible police and officers of law and order could
apprehend criminals much more readily. Besides,
you forget about my glasses. If the public or any
part of the public possessed these, nothing would
be invisible to the wearers.”

  “Idiotic reasoning,” I declared. “Suppose some-
one stole or learned your secret? Suppose the agent
of a hostile nation got hold of it? Or suppose some
gang of criminals secured the invention by fair
means or foul? Is it likely that they would let the
world know of the glasses which counteract the
process? No, every moment that you possess the
apparatus for working your devilish trick, you’re
threatening your fellow men and civilization with
annihilation. If you wish to benefit the world, de-
stroy every calculation, every bit"' of apparatus,
every trace of what you’ve done and never divulge a
word of it.”

  “You’re an old scare-head,” said Lemuel, though
I could see that my words had had their effect.
“And,” he continued, “I have no intention of follow-
ing your advice. There is not the slightest danger
of my discovery being found out unless you or I
divulge it. I shall not,—for the present at least,
and I know you will not. Moreover, even if it were
known, no one could work it. The procedure is
known only to myself.”

  “Anything one man has done another can re-
peat,” I reminded him.

  “Possibly,” he admitted, “but to proceed with my
statement. I am free to grant that certain things
you have said are not without foundation. I had,
in the beginning, expected to make my invention
public, for of course it is impossible to patent it.
Anyone could pirate the patent, and, availing him-
self of his knowledge could render himself invisible
and thus beyond reach of the law. But I may decide
not to give my discovery to the world at large. It
all depends upon future experiments and tests. And,
if you really feel as you say in regard to it, you’ll
help me to carry out my tests. If, in my judgment
and in yours, these experiments prove the invention
actually a peril to society then, I assure you, it will
never be revealed to the public. But, if, on the
other hand, you, as well as myself, are convinced
that the discovery will be beneficial rather than
THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH

909

inimical, I shall let the world know the secret.”
“Hmm, well I suppose that’s fair enough,” I as-
sented. “But before I agree I want to know what
these experiments are which you have in mind.”
“Certainly,” said Lemuel. “I intend to go about
while invisible, accompanied by you equipped with
the glasses, and from personal observation deter-
mine just what will or might 'happen, and whether
the power to become invisible would be beneficial or
otherwise.”

  “I don’t see anything to object to in that,” I as-
sured him, “and I’ll agree to help you, provided
you agree not to do anything which might result
in my being held responsible. Remember, I will be
visible and you. will not, and I’d hardly care to
stand up in a police court and claim that an invisible
companion was responsible for certain acts of which
I was accused. No, Lemuel, I have no desire to end
my days in an insane asylum.”

  “But, my dear boy,” chuckled my friend, “that
would be a splendid test, and of course I could al-
ways materialize at the last moment. Just imagine
the effect on a policeman or a magistrate!”

  “Yes, just imagine it,” I replied drily. “And un-
less you’re willing to agree to my terms you can
imagine your experiments without my aid.”

  “You take me far too seriously,” exclaimed Lem-
uel. “I have no intention of overstepping the
bounds of the law, and I shall certainly so conduct
my experiments that no blame can be attached to
you. But,” he added regretfully, “it would be much
better if you also would submit to the effect of my
device.”

  “Well, I won’t and that’s an end to that,” I de-
clared positively. “And,” I continued, “there’s an-
other matter. You’ll have to promise me that you
will not try the experiment of making things in-
visible by wholesale,—no vanishing of rooms, build-
ings or other structures while occupied. A terrible
panic might and most certainly would result. And
this includes trolley cars, railway trains, moving
vehicles and similar things. A panic is the easiest
thing in the world to start and the hardest to stop.”
“I promise,” assented my friend, “but I shall most
assuredly try my invention on unoccupied struc-
tures and other objects.”

  “I don’t care what you try it on provided you do
not endanger life or property,” I told him.

  “Then we’ll start our experiment tomorrow,” ex-
claimed Lemuel. “We’ll start from your apartment.
If convenient to you I’ll call at ten tomorrow morn-
ing.”

CHAPTER IV
Dr. Unsinn’s Experiment

I DO not know exactly what object Dr. Unsinn
had in view, or what he hoped to accomplish by
his “experiment.” Certainly he had demon-
strated his discovery and had proved it successful
by his tests on myself. Possibly he felt that human
sight might vary, that some persons might find him
invisible while to others he was visible, or again, he
may have wished merely to gratify his own vanity,
and enjoy the sensation of moving unseen among
his fellows. He could not, in fact, clearly explain

to me what he expected or why he was so insistent
upon having me accompany him, when, as we had
agreed, we set out from my apartment. But in
view of the events which followed I feel sure that
it was fate or predestination that led him to under-
take his experiment.

  Wearing the marvelous glasses, in order that I
might not lose sight of my companion, who had
rendered himself invisible, I hailed an approaching
trolley car. But habit is a strong and persistent
thing, and the human mind is greatly governed by
the impressions it receives through the eyes, aUd,
at the very outset of our venture I learned this to my
chagrin. Boarding the car with Lemuel at my
heels, I handed the conductor a dime and he re-
turned a nickel in change. I was on the point of
handing it back, and the word “two” was on the
tip of my tongue when a nudge from Lemuel’s el-
bow brought me to my senses. As my friend was
plainly visible to me I had completely forgotten that
he was invisible to the conductor, and I mentally
wowed to watch my step more closely in the future.
There were few passengers in the car and my com-
panion seated himself in one corner while I took
the seat beside him. And presently habit once
again came to the fore and came near to getting
me into a most embarrassing situation. Quite for-
getting, momentarily, that my friend was invisible,
I spoke to him, and he, quite in his ordinary man-
ner, replied. In fact we were carrying on quite an
animated conversation when I was suddenly brought
to a realization of what we were doing by the be-
havior of the other passengers. Everyone was gaz-
ing at me. Some curiously, others half pityingly, as
if thinking me either mad or intoxicated, while still
others were grinning and thoroughly enjoying the
spectacle of a man carrying on a conversation with
himself. Even the conductor had entered the car
and was staring at me, a strangely puzzled expres-
sion on his face, as if undecided whether I was a
dangerous lunatic or a common drunk. Fortunately,
my presence of mind came to my rescue, and, flush-
ing, but forcing a smile, I turned to an intelligent
appearing gentleman near me. “I must apologize for
my absent-mindedness,” I stammered. “I was merely
practising a bit of ventriloquism for my act, and
inadvertently spoke aloud.”

  This lame explanation appeared to satisfy every-
one. The passengers resumed their former occupa-
tions of staring vacantly out of the windows, read-
ing their papers, or gazing absently at the advertis-
ing placards within the car, while the conductor,
evidently relieved, betook himself again to the rear
platform.

  By now, however, the experiment was getting on
my nerves. I had feared that my friend’s absent-
mindedness might lead him into trouble and yet,
by my own thoughtless actions, I had twice within a
few moments barely escaped getting into deep water.
And the fact that I could not speak my mind to my
invisible companion, and that I had pledged myself
to see the experiment through, only added to my
irritation. As, inwardly fuming, I resolved to' keep
my mind constantly alert to avoid further em-
barrassment, the car came to a stop and a stout,
pompous and overdressed middle-aged woman en-
910

AMAZING STORIES

tered. As the car started with a jerk she lurched
forward, and, before I realized her intention,
she plumped herself into the apparently vacant seat
beside me. A grunt from my invisible friend, and a
terrific shriek from the stout female instantly fol-
lowed, and, as if bounced from a spring, she sprang
up, her eyes blazing, her face white with indigna-
tion and fairly shouting a torrent of abuse as she
shook her beringed fist in my face.

  “Brute! Disreputable old rake!” she screamed,
“I’ll have you jailed! I’ll have you imprisoned!”
Instantly the car was in an uproar. Passengers
crowded forward; necks were craned; everyone
talked at once, and the conductor pushed his burly
figure between the irate female and myself.

  “Hey, what’s the game?” he demanded. “What
did this guy do to yer, lady?”

  “He obtruded himself beneath me,—the unspeak-
able fiend!” she shrieked. “He endeavored to em-
brace me and pinched me.”

  “I did nothing of the sort,” I declared, fairly
shouting to make myself heard. “I—”

  “Tell it to the judge,” interrupted the conductor,
stepping towards me.

  Fortunately for me the gentleman to whom I had
offered my ventriloquistic explanation, now inter-
vened in my behalf.

  “The lady is mistaken,” he declared, rising and
restraining the conductor. “I was observing her
and this gentleman closely. She seated herself in
the vacant seat and this gentleman did not move.
Possibly—”

  “Yeah, the old guy’s right,” chimed in a greasy
mechanic opposite. “He never done nothin’. The
dame’s nutty. What guy’d want her to squat in his
lap?”

  Instantly the woman’s wrath was turned on this
new victim, but before violence could be done the
conductor intervened. “Hey, quit this roughhouse
stuff,” he ordered. “If youse want to fight take it
outside. Guess you’re in wrong, lady. Sit down,
or get 'off and call a cop.”

  Still glaring, and voicing her opinions of every-
one, and especially of me, she again descended
ponderously to Lemuel’s seat.

  An involuntary exclamation escaped my lips, but
it was uncalled for. During the excitement, Dr.
Unsinn had risen and had slipped unseen to the
rear platform where he was beckoning to me wild-
ly.

  Only too glad to escape, I rose and joined him and,
as the car came to a halt, we stepped off.

  “Confound the woman!” he exclaimed the moment
we were alone. “She very nearly fractured my
thighs. You would have gotten us into a nice fix
if she had. How could a doctor set an invisible
bone? And the apparatus in my pocket might have
been ruined so that I could not have regained my
visible form. You’ll have to be more careful in
future. Why didn’t you stop her or warn me?”
For an instant I was too amazed at his outburst
to speak. So he, too, was blaming me for all the
trouble. This was too much.

  “Look here!” I cried, “I’ve had enough of this.
You’re as well able to take care of yourself while
divisible as when visible. If you’re going to de-

pend on me to keep you out of trouble I’ll quit
and you can go ahead with your damnable experi-
ment alone. And you talk about getting into
trouble! You’re safe and I’m the goat every time.
Think it’s fun for me to be called names and
threatened with arrest? I’d look nice trying to ex-
plain matters to the police or the judge, wouldn’t
I?”

  Lemuel chuckled. “Come, come,” he exclaimed,
placing his hand on my arm. “I didn’t mean to
have you take it that way, Old Man. But we’ll both
have to be a trifle more circumspect in future. And,
really, it was most amusing. Now I propose tak-
ing a taxi hereafter. I am convinced that trolley
cars are not suitable conveyances for me in con-
ducting my tests. But the test was most conclusive
after all.”

  By now the humor of the incident had outweighed
the more serious side of the affair in my mind, and
I laughed heartily with Lemuel as we waited on the
corner for an empty taxi to approach.

  Within the vehicle we could converse freely, for
the noise of the motor and the surrounding traffic
prevented the driver from hearing our voices.

  Lemuel, elated at the success of his experiments,
was now becoming reckless and suggested that it
would be most interesting and amusing to render
the taxi and ourselves invisible. But I sternly for-
bade it. “You’re an idiot.” I declared, “we could be
maimed or killed even if we were invisible. Don’t
you realize we’d be in a wreck within ten seconds?
If you make any more such crazy suggestions I’ll
see that you’re placed in a lunatic asylum.”

  “Easier said than done,” he reminded me, “but,
all joking aside, I must try the effect on something
more than myself. Ah, I have it! Stop the cab,
will you?”

  As he had been speaking we had passed a huge
office building in course of erection, and, as I paid
the taxi driver, Lemuel was gazing appraisingly at
the towering structure of steel and stone.

  “A splendid opportunity!” he ccied enthusiastic-
ally. “Possibly my pocket apparatus may not have
sufficient power but—”

  “Confound you!” I cried. “Didn’t you promise
me you wouldn’t try your invention on any struc-
ture?”

  “I did not,” he declared decisively. “I merely
agreed not to render invisible any structure con-
taining human occupants. This building is vacant.
A strike is in progress and the place is deserted.”

  “Well, you promised not to do anything whieh
would cause a panic or trouble,” I persisted.

  “And I intend to keep my promise,” he replied.
“I shall defer my experiment until the noon hour
when the streets will be practically deserted, and
there can be no panic. And I fail to see how it
can cause any trouble.”

  All arguments which I could offer were in vain,
and, I must confess, I was rather fascinated by
my friend’s suggestion. To cause a towering steel
and stone structure to vanish would, indeed, be a
feat,—if it could be done, and I was rather anxious
to find what the effect on the public would be. But
as it was still nearly two hours before noon we
THE MAN WHO COULD VANISH

 resumed our way, with Lemuel seeking new oppor-
 tunities to test his discovery on the public.

   The sidewalks were thronged with shoppers, and
 presently, as we pushed our way through the crowd,
 a terrified shriek pierced the hum and noises of the
 busy street, as my companion, either accidently or
 thoughtlessly, bumped into a passing woman. As
 she collapsed in a faint I sprang forward; but Dr.
 Unsinn was before me. Completely forgetting that
 he was invisible, he stooped down, raised the vic-
 tim’s head and then, lifting her in his arms, started
 for a nearby drug store. Instantly pandemonium
 broke loose. Screams, shouts, frightened cries rose
 from the crowd which had quickly gathered, and
 awed, unable to believe their eyes, men, women and
 children shoved, crowded, and fought to make way
 for the woman’s form floating in air through their
 midst. For a moment my heart seemed to cease
 beating; All my fears appeared about to be justi-
 fied. In an instant there would be a panic with
 crushed and trampled bodies and all the attendant
 horrors. But for once the impending catastrophe
 was stayed by the very panic and terror of the
 crowd. So intent were the people on the incredible
 sight which had terrified them that they stood as
 if turned to stone, petrified with amazement and
 fear.

   And then a still more incredible thing happened.
 The woman’s body suddenly vanished! Lemuel had
 bethought himself, and, undoubtedly confused at
 the conditions he had created, had tried to improve
 matters by rendering his victim invisible. And the
 seemingly supernatural occurrences had been wit-
 nessed by myself as well as by the crowd, for, in
 the melde the glasses had been wrenched from my
 nose and were hanging, dangling, useless and tem-
 porarily forgotten from my breast pocket. And as
 the woman’s form vanished a strange sound, half
 sigh, half groan, arose from the gaping multitude.
 Before hundreds of eyes the impossible had taken
 place. A woman had fainted, without reason or
 cause she had risen and had floated through the
 air and had utterly vanished in the midst of the
 crowd. For an instant they remained spellbound,
 awed into absolute silence. And in that instant
 Lemuel had entered the drug store with his burden
 and had deposited her gently but hurriedly upon a
 chair, where, as instantaneously as she had van-
 ished, she again resumed her customary form. As
 every occupant of the shop had rushed to the doors
 and windows to see what was taking place on the
 street, nobody noticed the sudden reappearance of
 the woman. To me it was all nearly as surprising
 as to the public, but I had sense enough left to
 hastily don my glasses, as Lemuel slipped past the
 white-clad employees of the store, and, taking care
 not to collide with another bystander, rejoined me.

   We had no desire to linger and see the results of
 the affair, and hurried from the crowd and turned
 into a nearby cross street. I could scarcely berate
 my friend for what had occurred, for it had been
 an unavoidable accident, but I did not hesitate to
 use it as an example of the dire results which might
 follow if he kept on with his experiment or made
 his secret public.

   Lemuel was, however, far more excited and dis-

 turbed than I, and without even attempting to re-
 ply he rushed into a subway entrance. Without
 stopping to think he hurried to the change booth
 and thrust a quarter under the wicket. Without
 glancing up, the occupant shoved back five nickels,
 and my friend gathered them up. But as the coins
 slid from the wooden shelf and vanished without
 apparent reason, and with no human hand grasping
 them, the man peered from his cage. An expression
 of mortal terror swept across his stolid features,
 and, with an inarticulate, choking cry, he reeled
 backward from his stool. But Lemuel did not stop.
 The events of the past few minutes had completely
 upset him, and the scientific mind when upset often
 becomes panicky. For the moment he had, no
 doubt, completely forgotten that he was invisible,
 and, rushing forward, he boarded the train with me
 at his heels. Fortunately it was a dull hour for

the subway-my friend was not forced to jostle or

push his way, which most assuredly would have re-
resulted in further troubles—■—less than half a
dozen passengers were within the car which we
entered. Lemuel sat silent, evidently composing
his thoughts, and fumbling in one of his pockets.
The next moment a terrified shout reechoed through
the car; a woman fainted; the guard appeared at
the door; there was the hissing of released air, and
the train came to a jolting, lurching stop. I had a
premonition of what had occurred, and, snatching
off the pink glasses, I found my worst fears more
than fulfilled. The car and its ooeupants had com-
pletely disappeared! With eyes fairly popping from
their sockets, mouth agape, and shaking as if with
ague, the guard stood on the platform of the next
car, staring, utterly aghast, at the void that
stretched between him and the car ahead. Reason
and instinet told him it was impossible, but his
senses told him that a car had completely vanished
while speeding at fifty miles an hour, and had
taken its passengers along with it. So thoroughly
frightened and flabbergasted was the guard that
even Lemuel’s voice, issuing from space, failed to
attract his attention.

  “Confound the thing!” exclaimed my companion,
“I must have pressed the wrong button, or it may
have been shifted when I carried that fainting wo-
man. Likely as not it was injured when that mis-
erable creature seated herself in my lap. Now—”

  “My God, man! Can’t you do something?” I
cried, visions of the car and its oceupants remain-
ing forever invisible flashing through my mind.

  Then, as instantaneously and unexpectedly as it
had vanished, the car was once more in the train.
It had all occurred in a few seconds, and the be-
wildered passengers stared about, rubbing their
eyes as if awakening from a dream, while the guard,
blinking and muttering, jerked the signal cord and
the train again rumbled on.

  Fortunately for all concerned, Dr. Unsinn had
managed to get his devilish machine to function
properly, and no harm had come of the incident,
but I had had about enough of it all, and I feared
that, at any moment, the apparatus might fail en-
tirely or might do the wrong thing. At the next
stop I left the train, forcing my friend along with
me, and, dragging Km into an obscure corner of
912

AMAZING STORIES

the station platform where there was no chance of
being overheard, I expressed my view of his ex-
periment in no gentle terms.

  "You can’t expect a delicate device to withstand
two hundred and fifty pounds of feminine flesh and
bone, can you?” he demanded. “I’m not surprised
that it was temporarily disarranged. But it’s en-
tirely right now. If you don’t believe it I’ll demon-
strate it right here.”

  “Don’t you dare!” I exclaimed. “You’ll resume
your normal form as a demonstration, and we’ll
go to lunch. Then back to my apartments and no
more of this experiment. You’ve caused enough
trouble for one day and I’ll have a nervous break-
down if this sort of thing continues.”

  “I’ll agree on one condition,” replied Lemuel
with more readiness than I had expected. “I’m
determined to try my experiment on that unfinished
building. After that I’ll cease my experiment for
today.”

  In vain I argued. Lemuel could be as obstinate
as a mule at times, and, at last, realizing that he
was bound to carry out his desires and that if I
left him he might bring about dire results when
alone, I assented to his condition.

  So, with Dr. Unsinn once more his usual self,
we found a quiet restaurant where I was accustomed
to dining. The waiter, having taken our order,
handed me a copy of the latest edition of a paper,
and, half fearfully, I glanced through it, expect-
ing to find an account of one or more of the strange
occurrences for which we had been responsible. But
nothing had appeared, and I decided that, in all
probability, the witnesses had not cared to report
an experience which would expose them to ridicule
and a suspicion of insanity.

  Lemuel was in high spirits. To be sure, he had
made one or two mistakes, but, in each case, as he
took care to point out to me, his errors had, as
he put it, added to the value of his experiment and
of his observations. And he could not resist crow-
ing over me a bit when he called my attention to
the fact that neither panic nor disasters had re-
sulted.

  “It is exactly as I foresaw,” he declared. “The
entirely new and unknown does not terrorize hu-
man beings. Wonder and amazement temporarily
paralyze the muscles, and, as you should know, two
opposed impressions cannot occupy the mind at the
same time. Hence fear cannot have a place where
wonder is predominant.

  “No, my friend, your fears of my discovery creat-
ing a panic or causing terror and shock are ab-
solutely unfounded.”

  “You forget about the woman who fainted, and
the man in the subway,” I reminded him.

  “Utterly beside the question,” he snorted. “In
the case of the woman it was bodily contact which
frightened her, and, in the other case, the fact that
the money vanished. In neither case was it due to
fright at my invisibility.”

  “It’s hopeless to argue with you,” I said. “In-
directly, your invisibility was at the bottom of it,
and Heaven alone knows what a panic might have
resulted if that car had remained invisible long

enough for the passengers of the other cars to have
investigated the cause of the train stopping.”

  “I can and shall prove I am right,” he declared.
“Come, we’ll have a try at that building and I’ll
wager no one will be terrified.”

  “For Heaven’s sake, don’t vanish here!” I cried,
as I saw Lemuel reach towards an inner pocket.
“Wait until we are alone. I’d suggest a telephone
booth as the most convenient and safest spot.”

  A few moments later my friend entered a booth,
and almost instantly emerged, visible only to my-
self. Hailing a taxi, we were soon in the vicinity
of the partly completed Hartwell Building. It was
the lunch hour and very few persons were on the
street. Opposite the building a chauffeur dozed
in his taxi, two fruit vendors argued in vociferous
Italian on the corner, and a few pedestrians who
had dined early were wandering about gazing into
shop windows. Entering the main doorway of the
building we found ourselves in the spacious rotunda
with its litter of discarded building materials and
abandoned scaffoldings.

  “Ah, here we are!” exclaimed Lemuel gleefully.
“Now, if my pocket apparatus can produce results
on this edifice I shall feel that nothing is too greai
to be rendered invisible. Entire armies, navies,
cities, yes-—:—”

  “Then I hope it doesn’t work,” I interrupted.

  But my hopes were in vain. As Lemuel had been
speaking, he had adjusted his instrument and
scarcely had my last word been uttered, when the
twenty stories of concrete, steel and stone dis-
solved about us, leaving us, invisible to others,
standing in air above the yawning abyss of the
foundation excavation.

  For a brief instant no one within sight appeared
to notice that the structure had vanished. Then
the dozing chauffeur jerked upright, his jaw sag-
ged, and with a wild yell he sat transfixed, pointing
dramatically at the empty lot where the building
had stood. At his cry everyone on the street turned.
Shouts and exclamations drew occupants of stores
and restaurants on the run. With screeching horns
taxis came tearing into the street, and in almost no
time Nineteenth Street was filled with a gaping,
gesticulating, excited crowd.

  “Didn’t I tell you so?” cried Lemuel trium-
phantly. “No one is frightened. All—His
words were cut short by the clanging of a bell
as a patrol wagon came dashing around a corner,
while from the opposite direction, the screaming
siren of a fire truck added to the uproar.

  “Quick!” I cried, “Someone’s called the policc
and turned in a fire alarm. In a minute they’ll be
here. They’ll find us and there’ll be the devil to
pay!”

  Lemuel roared with glee. “You forget we’re in-
visible” he reminded me. “And it will be highly
amusing to witness the reactions of the police and
firemen when they find solid walls where obviously
there are none. And imagine the results when those
who succeed in entering vanish instantly.”

  “Turn off the damnable machine instantly,” I
commanded him, “this has gone far enough."

  The police and firemen were advancing towards
us, hesitatingly but determined, although what they
THE MAN WHO

expected to accomplish or why they imagined their
services were required, is still a mystery to me.
As I have said before, habit is one of the strongest
of influences. Dr. Unsinn, being a great respector
of law, and seeing the police approaching, suc-
cumbed to force of habit and almost involuntarily
stopped his mechanism. Instantly the huge build-
ing once more towered above the street, and with a
hoarse cry of warning and alarm, the crowd broke
and fled, seeking refuge in doorways and stores as
if fearing the structure might crash thundering in-
to the street. Even the police sprang back, but
the firemen, to their credit be it said, stood their
ground, and, thinking something was expected of
them, turned half a dozen streams of water on the
building. In the excitement Lemuel and I slipped
unseen from a rear entrance and hurried from
sight around a corner.

  Despite all my experiences with my friend’s dis-
covery I was shaken and upset by this latest demon-
stration of his power, and even Lemuel was, I
could see, in a highly excitable frame of mind. His
device had exceeded even his most sanguine ex-
pectations and his experiment had, from his point
of view, been a huge success.

  Several times he started to speak, but each time
I checked him, for the sidewalks were thronged
with pedestrians and I had no desire to have atten-
tion turned towards us after our latest achieve-
ment.

  We were now in a shopping district, and as we
walked along, picking our way with care in order
that Lemuel might not jostle some passer-by, I
noticed a rough-looking, heavily-built fellow loiter-
ing near the edge of the sidewalk and furtively
glancing at each woman who passed him. Suddenly
he darted forward, snatched a handbag from a
stylishly-dressed girl, and dashed up the street.
Screaming that she had been robbed, the girl
started after him. Cries of “Stop thief!” re-
sounded from every side, and a score of persons
turned and gave chase. Lemuel and I had been
nearest to the fellow, and with one accord we were
after him, quite forgetting that one of us was in-
visible. Dashing around a corner, the rascal
entered an almost deserted side street with us at his
heels and the howling mob half a block in the rear.
In my youth I had been something of a runner, and
Lemuel had, it flashed over me, won the coveted “S”
of our university as a sprinter. Rapidly we gained
upon the fellow, and, as he turned to duck into an
alleyway, Lemuel grasped him by the coat with a
command to halt.

  Instantly, and without stopping, the fellow half
turned and dealt a vicious, back-handed blow with
his doubled fist. It caught Lemuel full in the face,
and with a gasping cry he staggered back into my
arms with a two inch gash laying bare the cheek
bone and blood gushing from the wound. But
even at that moment, while supporting my injured
comrade, my attention was focussed upon the ruf-
fian who had struck him down. Feeling the impact
of his fist upon a fellow-being’s flesh, he had
wheeled, and, the next moment, stood rooted to
the spot.

  Instead of a form stretched on the pavement or a

COULD VANISH	913

battered man staggering back, not a living soul
was near with the exception of myself. The fel-
low’s eyes grew wide, his mouth opened, and the
next moment he uttered a terrified scream, and
dropping the hand-bag fell to his knees, covering
his eyes with his hands, babbling incoherently, and
shaking with mortal fear. Upon the flagging be-
fore me was a blotch of blood, and, from nowhere,
drops of blood were slowly adding to the crimson
pool. Lemuel might be invisible but the blood from
his wound was not. To the cowering, superstitious
wretch, the blood, slowly dripping from an unseen
victim, must have been a most awful and terrifying
sight.

  The oncoming mob now was nearly upon us, and,
a dozen fears swept through my confused brain.
What if the blood stains on the pavement attracted
attention and an explanation were demanded? What
would happen to my invisible companion, as the
mob, dashing onward, bore him down and trampled
him under foot? And what if the cowering wretch
before us blurted out the truth? But I need not
have worried. So intent were the man-chasers up-
on their quarry that they gave no heed even to me,
and in a moment, the red blotch was completely
obliterated by scores of feet, as the ci'owd sur-
rounded us and seized the thief who offered no re-
sistance. And almost by a miracle Dr. Unsinn
escaped the fate I had feared. I sprang behind him
as the mob reached us and thus partially shielded
him, but despite this, the shouting, panting, per-
spiring crowd jostled and bumped him, tearing his
coat half from his shoulders, knocking his spectacles
into the street where they were instantly ground
to bits underfoot, tearing his collar awry, knocking
off his hat and, as I knew from his half-stifled
grunts, exclamations and ejaculations, giving him
many a painful jab and bump with elbows and
shoulders. But in that hub-bub, the cries of any
one man were inaudible, and as everyone jostled
and pushed his neighbor no one noticed that an in-
visible but solid human form was in their midst.
Luckily the mob surged forward around the thief
and left a fairly clear space through which I half-
dragged, half-pushed my battered, bruised and dis-
hevelled comrade.

  Attracted by the commotion, half a dozen taxis
had drawn up to the curb, their drivers craning
their necks and peering into the milling crowd
about the captive, and giving no heed to anything
else. Quickly opening the door of the nearest, I
bundled Lemuel inside, and, at last succeeding in
gaining the chauffeur’s attention, I ordered him to
drive off. He turned with a half-uttered oath and
refused to move, but noticing my own rumpled ap-
pearance, and realizing I had been in the thick of
the trouble, his tone changed and he asked what it
was all about. In a few words I explained that it
was merely a purse-snatcher, and that I had been
knocked over in the mel6e. For an instant he
gazed suspiciously at me, for my hands were a bit
smeared with Lemuel’s blood, and for a brief instant
I trembled for fear he would drive us to the nearest
police station. But he had lost interest in the
crowd and excitement, and as I suggestively showed
(Continued on page 969)
“This apparatus seemed only

pig mm 
BPS mm 
First Men in Me Moon

 Author of “The Crystal Egg,” “The Island of Dr. Moreau,” etc.

  casonably large and near to us, and then I saw how exceedingly little the Selenites upon it DCDUJCd, and I
  realized the full immensity of cavern and machine. It was stupendous!”

         914
What Went Before

SEDFORD is a writer, but he also has inflated
confidence in his abilities as a first-rate busi-
ness man. Because of some business reverses, he
has gone off to a very secluded spot to unite a play
and so make up some of his financial losses. But even
there he cannot work undisttirbcd, for every day at
the same hour, a Mr. Cavor passes by his house,
stops, makes some buzzing sounds, stays awhile,
looks at his watch, and returns to his own home.
Bedford talks to him and stops this annoying pro-
cedure, but its cessation makes it impossible for
Cavor to continue with his work. He mentions this
fact to Bedford, and in the course of the conversa-
tion, new plans and ideas are developed. Mr. Cavor
is a scientist and just notv is working on a nexo in-
vention, which he calls Cavorite and which is sup-
posed to be opaque to gravitation—cutting off
bodies from gravitating to each other.

   Bedford becomes enthusiastic and sees great com-
mercial possibilities for Cavorite and agrees to drop
his writing and become “business manager” for
Cavor and Cavorite.

  Soon Cavor accidently succeeds in his experi-

ments and the accident causes some thousands of
dollars in damages to surrounding buildings and
both their homes and almost cost them their lives.
But though the discovery proves so nearly dis-
astrous, Cavor gets a new inspiration and he starts
work on his new idea immediately. He builds a
space flyer, which proves to be a perfect conveyance
for interplanetary travel. They go off to the moon,
provisioned with plenty-of condensed food and other
necessary comforts for a long trip. They arrive
on the moon without any mishap, just before the
Lunar dawn. Soon after they land, the black and
white of the scenery disappear. The glare of the
sun takes on a faint tinge of amber and the shadows
are deep purple and to the westward the sky is
blue and clear, and the arctic appearance is gone.
Then an atmosphere rose about them, but still it
seemed like a lifeless world. And then, suddenly,
they saw movement—little oval bodies that looked
like pebbles, bursting open one by one—and in a
short time, the whole slope was dotted with small
plants, growing quickly into huge spikes and fleshy
vegetation.

THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

   By H. G. WELLS
   PART II)

CHAPTER IX

Prospecting Begins

E ceased to gaze. We turned to each
other, the same thought, the same ques-
tion in our eyes. For these plants to
grow, there must be some air, however
attenuated, air that we also should be
able to breathe.

  “The manhole?” I said.

  “Yes!” said Cavor, “if it is air we see!”

  “In a little while,” I
said, “these plants will be
as high as we are. Sup-
pose—suppose after all
-Is it certain? How

do you know that stuff is
air? It may be nitrogen
—it may be carbonic acid
gas, even!”

  “That is easy,” be said,
and set about proving it.

He produced a big piece
of crumpled paper from
the bale, lit it, and thrust

it hastily through the _=====____

manhole valve. I bent
forward and peered down

through the thick glass for its appearance outside,
that little flame on whose evidence depended so
much!

  I saw the paper drop out and lie lightly upon the
snow. The pink flame of its burning vanished. For
an instant it seemed to, be extinguished. And then

 TN the first installment of this story we left our adventur-
 ers just as they had landed on the moon. Grotesque as
 the adventures were upon the landing, they are as nought
 compared to what is in store for our travelers when they
 meet the inhabitants of the Moon. Nothing more grotesque,
 nothing more imaginative, probably, has ever been written,
 than the picture that If1'ells paints of the Lunarians as con-
 tained in this installment. It is impressive in its daring and
 breadth, yet it is not at all impossible, perhaps not even
 improbable. If, as we know, it is impossible for creatures
 to roam about the Moon, due to its lack of atmosphere, and
 if there is an atmosphere within the Moon, then creatures
 of the kind‘that Mr. IVells paints so vividly in this story
 might well be expected to be seen there, if explorers ever"
 land upon that satellite.

I saw a little blue tongue upon the edge of it that
trembled, and crept, and spread!

  Quietly the whole sheet, save where it lay in
immediate contact with the snow, charred and
shrivelled and sent up a quivering thread of smoke.
There was no doubt left to me; the atmosphere of
the moon was either pure oxygen or air, and capable
therefore—unless its tenuity was excessive—of
supporting our alien life. We might emerge—and
live!

  I sat down with my legs on either side of the
manhole and prepared to
unscrew it, but Cavor
stopped me. “There is
first a little precaution,”
he said. He pointed out
that although there was
certainly an oxygenated
atmosphere outside, it
might still be so rarefied
as to cause us grave in-
jury. He reminded me
of mountain sickness, and
of the bleeding that often
afflicts aeronauts who
have ascended too swiftly,
MMmaiMiHW * BTIhWwnami and he spent some time in

                    the preparation of a
sickly-tasting drink which he insisted on my shar-
ing. It made me feel a little numb, but otherwise
had no effect on me. Then he permitted me to begin
unscrewing.

  Presently the glass stopper of the manhole was
sp far undone that the denser air within our sphere

915
916

AMAZING STORIES

began to escape along the thread of the screw, sing-
ing as a kettle sings before it boils. Thereupon he
made me desist. It speedily became evident that
the pressure outside was very much less than it was
within. How much less it was we had no means
of telling.

  I sat grasping the stopper with both hands, ready
to close it again if, in spite of our intense hope,
the lunar atmosphere should after all prove too
rarefied for us, and Cavor sat with a cylinder of
compressed oxygen at hand to restore our pressure.
We looked at one another in silence, and then at
the fantastic vegetation that swayed and grew
visibly and noiselessly without. And ever that shrill
piping continued.

  My blood-vessels began to throb in my ears, and
the sound of Cavor’s movements diminished. I
noted how still everything had become, because of
the thinning of the air.	>

  As our air sizzled out from the screw the mois-
ture of it condensed in little puffs.

  Presently I experienced a peculiar shortness of
breath that lasted indeed during the whole of the
time of our exposure to the moon’s exterior atmo-
sphere, and a rather unpleasant sensation about the
ears and finger-nails and the back of the throat
grew upon my attention, and presently passed off
again.

  But then came vertigo and nausea that abruptly
changed the quality of my courage. I gave the lid
of the manhole half a turn and made a hasty ex-
planation to Cavor; but now he was the more
sanguine. He answered me in a voice that seemed
extraordinarily small and remote, because of the
thinness of the air that carried the sound. He re-
commended a nip of brandy, and set me the example,
and presently I felt better. I turned the manhole
stopper back again. The throbbing in my ears
grew louder, and then I remarked that the piping
note of the outrush had ceased. For a time I could
not be sure that it had ceased.

  “Well?” said Cavor, in the ghost of a voice.

  “Well?” said I.

  “Shall we go on?”

   I thought. “Is this all ?”

  “If you can stand it,” he said.

  By way of answer I went on unsci'ewing. I lifted
the circular operculum from its place and laid it
carefully on the bale. A flake or so of snow whirled
and vanished as that thin and unfamiliar air took
possession of our sphere. I knelt, and then seated
myself at the edge of the manhole, peering over it.
Beneath, within a yard of my face, lay the untrod-
den snow of the moon.

  There came a little pause. Our eyes met.

  “It doesn’t distress your lungs too much?” said
Cavor.

  “No,” I said. “I can stand this.”

  He stretched out his hand for his blanket, thrust
his head through its central hole, and wrapped it
about him. He sat down on the edge of the man-
hole, he let his feet drop until they were within six
inches of the lunar ground. He hesitated for a
moment, then thrust himself forward, dropped
these intervening inches, and stood upon the un-
trodden soil of the moon.

  As he stepped forward he was refracted grotes-
quely by the edge of the glass. He stood for a
moment looking this way and that. Then he drew
himself together and leapt.

  The glass distorted everything, but it seemed to
me even then to be an extremely big leap. He had
at one bound become remote. He seemed twenty
or thirty feet off. He was standing high upon a
rocky mass and gesticulating back to me. Perhaps
he was shouting—but the sound did not reach me.
But how the deuce had he done this? I felt like
a man who has just seen a new conjuring trick.

  In a puzzled state of mind I too dropped through
the manhole. I stood up. Just in front of me the
snowdrift had fallen away and made a sort of ditch.
I made a step and jumped.

  I found myself flying through the air, saw the
rock on which he stood coming to meet me, clutched
it and clung in a state of infinite amazement.

  I gasped a painful laugh. I was tremendously
confused. Cavor bent down and shouted in piping
tones for me to be careful.

  I had forgotten that on the moon, with only an
eightieth part of the earth’s mass and a quarter of
its diameter, my weight was barely a sixth what it
was on earth. But now that fact insisted on being
remembered.

  “We are out of Mother Earth’s leading-strings
now,” he said.

  With a guarded effort I raised myself to the top,
and moving as cautiously as a rheumatic patient,
stood up beside him under the blaze of the sun.
The sphere lay behind us on its dwindling snow-
drift thirty feet away.

  As far as the eye could see over the enormous
disorder of rocks that formed the crater floor, the
same bristling scrub that surrounded us was start-
ing into life, diversified here and there by bulging
masses of a cactus form, and scarlet and purple
lichens that grew so fast they seemed to crawl over
the rocks. The whole area of the crater seemed
to me then to be one similar wilderness up to the
very foot of the surrounding cliff.

  This cliff was apparently bare of vegetation save
at its base, and with buttresses and terraces and
platforms that did not very greatly attract our
attention at the time. It was many miles away from
us in every direction, we seemed to be almost at
the centre of the crater, and we saw it through a
certain haziness that drove before the wind. For
there was even a wind now in the thin air, a swift
yet weak wind that chilled exceedingly but exerted
little pressure. It was blowing round the crater, as
it seemed, to the hot illuminated side from the foggy
darkness under the sunward wall. It was difficult
to look into this eastward fog; we had to peer with
half-closed eyes beneath the shade of our hands,
because of the fierce intensity of the motionless sun.

  “It seems to be deserted,” said Cavor, "absolutely
desolate.”

  I looked about me again. I retained even then a
clinging hope of some quasi-human evidence, some
pinnacle or building, some house or engine, but
everywhere one looked spread the tumbled rocks in
peaks and crests and the darting scrub and those
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

917

bulging cacti that swelled and swelled, a fiat nega-
tion as it seemed of all such hope.

  "It looks as though these plants had it to them-
selves,” I said. “I see no trace of any other crea-
ture.”

  “No insects—no birds—no! Not a trace, not a
scrap nor particle of animal life. If there was—
what would they do in the night? ... No; there’s
just these plants alone.”

  I shaded my eyes with my hand. “It’s like the
landscape of a dream. These things are less like
earthly land plants than the things one imagines
among the rocks at the bottom of the sea. Look
at that yonder! One might imagine it a lizard
changed into a plant. And the glare!”

  “This is only the fresh morning,” said Cavor.

  He sighed and looked about him. “This is no
world for men,” he said. “And yet in a way—it
appeals.”

  He became silent for a time, then commenced his
meditative humming.

  I started at a gentle touch, and found a thin sheet
of livid lichen lapping over my shoe. I kicked at
it and it fell to powder, and each speck began to
grow.

  I heard Cavor exclaim sharply, and perceived
that one of the fixed bayonets of the scrub had
pricked him.

  He hesitated, his eyes sought among the rocks
about us. A sudden blaze of pink had crept *up a
ragged pillar of crag. It was a most extraordinary
pink, a livid magenta.

  “Look!” said I, turning, and behold, Cavor had
vanished.

  For an instant I stood transfixed. Then I made a
hasty step to look over the verge of the rock. But
in my surprise at his disappearance I forgot once
more that we were on the moon. The thrust of
my foot that I made in striding would have carried
me a yard on earth; on the moon it carried me six
—a good five yards over the edge. For the moment
the thing had something of the effect of those night,
mares when one falls and falls. For while one
falls sixteen feet in the first second of a fall on
earth, on the moon one falls two, and with only
a^sixth of one’s weight. I fell, or rather I jumped
down, about ten yards I-suppose. It seemed to take
quite a long time, five or six seconds, I should
think. I floated through the air and fell like a
feather, knee-deep in a snow-drift in the bottom of
a gully of blue-gray, white-veined rock.

  I looked about me. ‘‘Cavor!” I cried; but no
Cavor was visible.

  “Cavor!” I cried louder, and the rocks echoed me.

  I turned fiercely to the rocks and clambered to
the summit of them. “Cavor!” I cried. My voice
sounded like the voice of a lost lamb.

  The sphere, too, was not in sight, and for a
moment a -horrible feeling of desolation pinched
my heart.

  Then I saw him. He was laughing and gesticu-
lating to attract my attention. He was on a bare
patch of rock twenty or thirty yards away. I could
not hear his voice, but “jump” said his gestures. I
hesitated, the distance seemed enormous. Yet I

reflected that surely I must be able to clear a
greater distance than Cavor.

  I made a step back, gathered myself together,
and leapt -with all my might. I seemed to shoot
right up in the air as though I should never come
down. . . .

  It was horrible and delightful, and as wild as a
nightmare, to go flying off in this fashion. I realized
my leap had been altogether too violent. I flew
clean over Cavor’s head and beheld a spiky con-
fusion in a gully spreading to meet my fall. I gave
a yelp of alarm. I put out my hands and straight-
ened my legs.

  I hit a huge fungoid bulk that burst all about me,
scattering a mass of orange spores in every direc-
tion, and covering me with orange powder. I rolled
over spluttering, and came to rest convulsed with
breathless laughter.

  I 'became aware of Cavor's little round face peer-
ing over a bristling hedge. He shouted some faded
inquiry. "Eh?” I tried to shout, but could not do
so for want of breath. He made his way towards
me, coming gingerly among the bushes.

  “We’ve got to be careful,” he said. “This moon
has no discipline. She’ll let us smash ourselves.”

  He helped me to my feet. “You exerted your-
self too much,” he said, dabbing at the yellow stuff
with his hand to remove it from my garments.

  I stood passive and panting, allowing him to beat
off the spores from my knees and elbows and lecture
me upon my misfortunes. “We don’t quite allow
for the gravitation. Our muscles are scarcely
educated yet. We must practise a little, when you
have got your breath.”

  I pulled two or three little thorns out of my
hand, and sat for a time on a boulder of rock. My
muscles were quivering, and I had that feeling of
personal disillusionment that comes at the first fall
to the learner of cycling on earth.

  It suddenly occurred to Cavor that the cold air
in the gully, after the brightness of the sun, might
give me a fever. So we clambered back into the
sunlight. We found that beyond a few abrasions
I had received no serious injuries from my tumble,
and at Cavor’s suggestion we were presently looking
round for some safe and easy landing-place for my
next leap. We chose a rocky slab some ten yards
off, separated from us by a little thicket of olive-
green spikes.

  “Imagine it there!” said Cavor, who was assum-
ing the airs of a trainei*-, and he pointed to a spot
about four feet from my toes. This leap I managed
without difficulty, and I must confess I found a
certain satisfaction in Cavor’s falling short by a
foot or so and tasting the spikes of the scrub. “One
has to be careful, you see,” he said, pulling out
his thorns, and with that he ceased to be my mentor
and became my fellow-learner in the art of lunar
locomotion.

  We chose a still easier jump and did it without
difficulty, and then leapt back again, and to and
fro several times, accustoming our muscles to the
new standard. I could never have believed had
I not experienced it, how rapid that adaptation
would be. In a very little time indeed, certainly
after fewer than thirty leaps, we could judge the
.918

AMAZING STORIES

effort necessary for a distance -with almost ter-
restrial assurance.

  And all this time the lunar plants were growing
around us, higher and denser and more entangled,
every moment thicker and taller, spiked plants,
green cactus 'masses, fungi, fleshy and lichenous
things, strangest radiate and sinuous shapes. But
we were so intent upon our leaping, that for a time
we gave no heed to their unfaltering expansion.

  An extraordinary elation had taken possession
of us. Partly, I think, it was our sense of release
from the confinement of the sphere. Mainly, how-
ever, the thin sweetness of the air, which I am
certain contained a much larger proportion of
oxygen than our terrestrial atmosphere. In spite
of the strange quality of all about us, I felt as
adventurous and experimental as a cockney would
do placed for the first time among mountains; and
I do not think it occurred to either of us, face to
face though we were with the unknown, to be very
greatly afraid.

  We were bitten by a spirit of enterprise. We
selected a lichenous kopje perhaps fifteen yards
away, and landed neatly on its summit one after
the other. “Good!” we cried to each other; “good!”
and Cavor made three steps and went off to a tempt-
ing slope of snow a good twenty yards and more
beyond. I stood for a moment struck by the
grotesque effect of his soaring figure—his dirty
cricket cap, and spiky hair, his little round body, his
arms and his knickerbockered legs tucked up tightly
—against the weird spaciousness of the lunar scene.
A gust of laughter seized me, and then I stepped
off to follow. Plump! I dropped beside him.

  We made a few Gargantuan strides, leapt three
or four times more, and sat down at last in a
lichenous hollow. Our lungs were painful. We
sat holding our sides and recovering our breath,
looking appreciation at one another. Cavor panted
something about “amazing sensations.” And then
came a thought into my head. For the moment
it did not seem a particularly appalling thought,
simply a natural question arising out of the situa-
tion.

  “By the way,” I said, “where exactly is the
sphere?”

  Cavor looked at me. “Eh?”

  The full meaning of what we were saying struck
me sharply.

  “Cavor!” I cried, laying a hand on his arm,
“where is the sphere?”

CHAPTER X
Lost Men in the Moon

HIS face caught something of my dismay.
He stood up and stared about him at the
scrub that fenced us in and i-ose about us,
straining upward in a passion of growth. He put
a dubious hand to his lips. He spoke with a sudden
lack of assurance. “I think,” he said slowly, “we left
it . . . somewhere . . . about there.”

  He pointed a hesitating finger that wavered in
an arc.

  “I'm not sure.” His look of consternation

deepened. “Anyhow,” he said, with his eyes on me,
“it can’t be far.”

 We had both stood up. We made unmeaning
ejaculations, our eyes sought in the twining,
thickening jungle round about us.

  All about us on the sunlit slopes frothed and
swayed the darting shrubs, the swelling cactus,
the creeping lichens, and wherever the shade re-
mained the snowdrifts lingered. North, south, east
and west spread an identical monotony of un-
familiar forms. And somewhere, buried among
this tangled confusion, was our sphere, our home,
our only provision, our only hope of escape from
this fantastic wilderness of ephemeral growths into
which we had come.

  “I think, after all,” he said, pointing suddenly,
“it might be over there.”

  “No,” I said. “We have turned in a curve. Seef
here is the mark of my heels. It’s clear the thing
must be more to the eastward, much more. No!—
the sphere must be over there.”

  “I think” said Cavor, “I kept the sun upon
my right all the time.”

  “Every leap, it seems to me,” I said, “my shadow
flew before me.”

  We stared into one another’s eyes. The area of
the crater had become enormously vast to our
imaginations, the growing thickets already im-
penetrably dense.

  “Good heavens! What fools we have been!”

  “It’s evident that we must find it again,” said
Cavor, “and that soon. The sun grows stronger.
We should be fainting with the heat already if it
wasn’t so dry. And . . . I’m hungry.”

  I stared at him. I had not suspected this aspect
of the matter before. But it came to me at once—
a positive craving. “Yes,” I said with emphasis.
“I am hungry too.”

  He stood up with a look of active resolution.
“Certainly we must find the sphere.”

  As calmly as possible we surveyed the intermin-
able reefs and thickets that formed the floor of the
crater, each of us weighing in silence the chances
of our finding the sphere before we were over-
taken by heat and hunger.

  “It can’t be fifty yards from here,” said Cavor,
with indecisive gestures. “The only thing is to
beat round about until we come upon it.”

  “That is all we can do,” I said, without any
alacrity to begin our hunt. “I wish this confounded
spike bush did not grow so fast!”

  “That’s just it,” said Cavor. “But it was lying
on a bank of snow.”

  I stared about me in the vain hope of recognising
some knoll or shrub that had been near the sphere.
But everywhere was a confusing sameness, every-
where the aspiring bushes, the distending fungi,
the dwindling snow banks, steadily and inevitably
changed. The sun scorched and stung, and faint-
ness of an unaccountable hunger mingled with our
infinite perplexity. And even as we stood there,
confused and lost amidst unprecedented things, we
became aware for the first time of a sound upon the
moon other than the stir of the growing plants,
the faint sighing of the wind, or those that we our-
selves had made.
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

919

  Boom. . . Boom. . . . Boom. . . .

  It came from beneath our feet, a sound in the
earth. We seemed to hear it with our feet as much
as with our ears. Its dull resonance was muffled
by distance, thick with the quality of intervening
substance. No sound that I can imagine could have
astonished us more, or have changed more com-
pletely . the quality of things about us. For this
sound, rich, slow, and deliberate, seemed to us as
though it could be nothing but the striking of
some gigantic buried clock.

  Boom. . . . Boom. . . . Boom. . . .

  Sound suggestive of still cloisters, of sleepless
nights in crowded cities, of vigils and the awaited
hour, of all that is orderly and methodical in life,
booming out pregnant and mysterious in this
fantastic desert! To the eye everything was un-
changed : the desolation of bushes and cacti waving
silently in the wind, stretched unbroken to the dis-
tant cliffs, the still dark sky was empty overhead,
and the hot sun hung and burned. And through
it all, a warning, a threat, throbbed this enigma
of sound.

  Boom. . . . Boom. . . . Boom. . . .

  We questioned one another in faint and faded
voices. “A clock?”

  “Like a clock!”

  “What is it?”

  “What can it be?”

  “Count,” was Cavor’s belated suggestion, and at
that word the striking ceased.

  The silence, the rhythmic disappointment of the
silence, came as a fresh shock. For a moment one
could doubt whether one had ever heard a sound.
Or whether it might not still be going on. Had I
indeed heard a sound?

  I felt the pressure of Cavor’s hand upon my arm.
He spoke in an undertone, as though he feared to
wake some sleeping thing. “Let us keep together,”
he whispered, “and look for the sphere. We must
get back to the sphere. This is beyond our under-
standing.”

  “Which way shall we go?”

  He hesitated. An intense persuasion of pre-
sences, of unseen things about us and near us,
dominated our minds. What could they be? Where
could they be? Was this arid desolation, alternately
frozen and scorched, only the outer rind and mask
of some subterranean world? And if so, what sort
of world? What sort of inhabitants might it not
presently disgorge upon us?	*

  And then, stabbing the aching stillness as vivid
and sudden as an unexpected thunderclap, came a
clang and rattle as though great gates of metal
had suddenly been flung apart.

  It arrested our steps. We stood gaping helplessly.
Then Cavor stole towards me.

  “I do not understand!” he whispered close to
my face. He waved his hand vaguely skyward, the
vague suggestion of still vaguer thoughts.

  “A hiding-place! If anything came. . .

  I looked about us. I nodded my head in assent
to him.

  We started off, moving stealthily with the most
exaggerated precautions against noise. We went
towards a thicket of scrub. A clangour, like ham-

mers flung about a boiler, hastened our steps. “We
must crawl,” whispered Cavor.

  The lower leaves of the bayonet plants, already
overshadowed by the newer ones above, were begin-
ning to wilt and shrivel so that we could thrust our
way in among the thickening stems without serious
injury. A stab in the face or arm we did not
heed. At the heart of the thicket I stopped, and
stared panting into Cavor’s face.

  "Subterranean,”f< he whispered. “Below.”

  “They may come out.”

  “We must find the sphere!”

  “Yes,” I said; “but how?”

  “Crawl till we come to it.”

  “But if we don’t?”

  “Keep hidden. See what they are like.”

  “We will keep together,” said I.

  He thought. “Which way shall we go?”

  “We must take our chance.”

  We peered this way and that. Then very cir-
cumspectly, we began to crawl through the lower
jungle, making, so far as we could judge, a circuit,
halting now at every waving fungus, at every sound,
intent only on the sphere from which we had so
foolishly emerged. Ever and again from out of
the earth beneath us came concussions, beatings,
strange, inexplicable mechanical sounds; and once,
and then again, we thought we heard something,
a faint rattle and tumult, borne to us through the
air. But fearful as we were we dared essay no
vantage-point to survey the crater. For long we
saw nothing of the beings whose sounds were so
abundant and insistent. But for the faintness of
our hunger and the drying of our throats that
crawling would have had the quality of a very vivid
dream. It was so absolutely unreal. The only
element with any touch of reality was these sounds.

  Figure it to yourself! About us the dream-like
jungle, with the silent bayonet leaves darting over-
head, and the silent, vivid, sun-splashed lichens
under our hands and knees, waving with the vigour
of their growth as a carpet waves when the wind
gets beneath it. Ever and again one of the bladder
fungi, bulging and distending under the sun, loomed
upon us. Ever and again some novel shape in vivid
colour obtruded. The very cells that built up these
plants were as large as my thumb, like beads of
coloured glass. And all these things were saturated
in the unmitigated glare of the sun, were seen
against a sky that was bluish black and spangled
still, in spite of the sunlight, with a few surviving
stars. Strange! the very forms and texture of the
stones were strange. It was all strange, the feeling
of one’s body was unprecedented, every other move-
ment ended in a surprise. The breath sucked thin
in one's throat, the blood flowed through one’s ears
in a throbbing tide—thud, thud, thud, thud. . . .

  And ever and again came gusts of turmoil, ham-
mering, the clanging and throb of machinery, and
presently—the bellowing of great beasts!

CHAPTER XI

The Mooncalf Pastures

SO we two poor terrestrial castaways, lost in
that wild-growing moon jungle, crawled in
terror before the sounds that had come upon
920

AMAZING STORIES

us. We crawled, as it seemed, a long time before we
saw either Selenite or mooncalf, though we heard
i he bellowing and grunting noises of these latter
continually drawing nearer to us. We crawled
through stony ravines, over snow slopes, amidst
fungi that ripped like thin bladders at our thrust,
emitting a watery humour, over a perfect pavement
of things like puff-balls, and beneath interminable
thickets of scrub. And ever more hopelessly our
eyes sought for our abandoned sphere. The noise
of the mooncalves would at times be a vast flat
calf-like sound, at times it rose to an amazed and
wrathy bellowing, and again it would become a
clogged bestial sound as though these unseen crea-
tures had sought to eat and bellow at the same time.

  Our first view was but an inadequate transitory
glimpse, yet none the less disturbing because it
was incomplete. -Cavor was crawling in front at
the time, and he was first to become aware of their
proximity. He stopped dead, arresting me with
a single gesture.

  A crackling and smashing of the scrub appeared
to be advancing directly upon us, and then, as we
squatted close and endeavoured to judge of the
nearness and direction of this noise, there came a
terrific bellow behind us, so close and vehement that
the tops of the bayonet scrub bent before it, and
one felt the breath of it hot and moist. And, turn-
ing about, we saw indistinctly through a crowd of
swaying stems the mooncalf’s shining sides, and the
long line of its back loomed out against the sky.

  Of course it is hard for me now. to say how much
1 saw at that time, because my impressions were
corrected by subsequent observation. First of all
impressions was its enormous size; the girth r,f its
body was some fourscore feet, its length perhaps
two hundred. Its sides rose and fell with its
laboured breathing. I perceived that its gigantic,
flabby body lay along the ground, and that its skin
was of a corrugated white, dappling into blackness
along the backbone. But of its feet we saw nothing.
I think also that we saw then the profile at least
of the almost brainless head, with its fat-encum-
bered neck, its slobbering omnivorous mouth, its
little nostrils, and tight shut eyes. (For the moon-
calf invariably shuts its eyes in the presence of the
sun.) We had a glimpse of a vast red pit as it
opened its mouth to bleat and bellow again; we
had a breath from the pit, and then the monster
heeled over like a ship, dragged forward along the
ground, creasing all its leathery skin, rolled again,
and so wallowed past us, smashing a path amidst
the scrub, and was speedily hidden from our eyes
by the dense interlacings beyond. Another appeared
more distantly, and then another, and then, as
though he was guiding these animated lumps of
provender to their pasture, a Selenite came momen-
tarily into ken. My grip upon Cavor’s foot became
convulsive at the sight of him, and we remained
motionless and peering long after he had passed out
of our range.

  By contrast with the mooncalves he seemed a
trivial being, a mere ant, scarcely five feet high.
He was wearing garments of some leathery sub-
stance, so that no portion of his actual body ap-
peared, but of this, of course, we were entirely

ignorant. He presented himself, therefore, as a
compact, bristling creature, having much of the
quality of a complicated insect, with whip-like
tentacles and a clanging arm projecting from his
shining cylindrical body case. The form of his head
was hidden by his enormous many-spiked helmet—
we discovered afterwards that he used the spikes
for prodding refractory mooncalves—and a pair of
goggles of darkened glass, set very much at the
side, gave a bird-like quality to the metallic ap-
paratus that covered his face. His arms did not
project beyond his body case, and he carried him-
self upon short legs that, wrapped though they
were in warm coverings, seemed to our terrestrial
eyes inordinately flimsy. They had very short
thighs, very long shanks, and little feet.

  In spite of his heavy-looking clothing, he was
progressing with what would be, from the terres-
trial point of view, very considerable strides, and
his clanging arm was busy. The quality of his
motion during the instant of his passing suggested
haste and a certain anger, and soon after we had
lost sight of him we heard the bellow' of a moon-
calf change abruptly into a short, sharp squeal, fol-
lowed by the scuffle of its acceleration. And
gradually that bellowing receded, and then came to
an end, as if the pastures sought had been attained.

  We listened. For a space the moon world was
still. But it was some time before we resumed our
crawling search for the vanished sphere.

  When next we saw mooncalves they were some
little distance away from us in a place of tumbled
rocks. The less vertical surfaces of the rocks were
thick with a speckled green plant growing in dense
mossy clumps, upon which these creatures were
browsing. We stopped at the edge of the reeds,
amidst which we were crawling, at the sight of
them, peering out at them and looking round for a
second glimpse of a Selenite. They lay against
their food like stupendous slugs, huge, greasy hulls,
eating greedily and noisily, with a sort of sobbing
avidity. They seemed monsters of mere fatness,
clumsy and overwhelmed to a degree that would
make a Smithfield ox seem a model of agility. Their
busy, writhing, chewing mouths, and eyes closed,
together with the appetising sound of their munch-
ing, made up an effect of animal enjoyment that
was singularly stimulating to our empty frames.

  “Hogs!” said Cavor, with unusual passion.
"Disgusting hogs!” and after one glare of angry
envy crawled off through the bushes to our right.
T stayed long enough to see that the speckled plant
was quite hopeless .for human nourishment, then
crawled after him, nibbling a quill of it between my
teeth.

  Presently we were arrested again by the proxi-
mity of a Selenite, and this time we were able to
observe him more exactly. Now we could see that
the Selenite covering was indeed clothing, and not
a sort of crustacean integument. He was quite
similar in his costume to the former one we had
glimpsed, except that ends of something like wad-
ding were protruding from his neck, and he stood
on a promontory of rock and moved his head this
way and that, as though he were surveying the
crater. We lay quite still, fearing to attract hi8
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

921

attention if we moved, and after a time he turned
about and disappeared.

  We came upon another drove of mooncalves bel-
lowing up a ravine, and then we passed over a place
of sounds, sounds of beating machinery, as if some
huge hall of industry came near the surface there.
And while these sounds were still about us we came
to the edge of a great open space, perhaps two
hundred yards in diameter, and perfectly level.
Save for a few lichens that advanced from its mar-
gin this space was bare, and presented a powdery
surface of a dusty yellow colour. We were afraid
to strike out across this space, but as it presented
less obstruction to our crawling than the scrub, we
went down upon it and began very circumspectly
to skirt its edge.

   For a little while the noises from below ceased
and everything, save for the faint stir of the grow-
ing vegetation, was very still. Then abruptly there
began an uproar, louder, more vehement, and nearer
than any we had so far heard. Of a certainty it
came from below. Instinctively we crouched as
flat as we could, ready for a prompt plunge into the
thicket beside us. Each knock and throb seemed
to vibrate through our bodies. Louder grew this
throbbing and beating, and that irregular vibration
increased until the whole moon world seemed to be
jerking and pulsing.

  “Cover,” whispered Cavor; and I turned towards
the bushes.

  At that instant came a thud like the thud of a
gun, and then a thing happened—it still haunts me
in my dreams. I had turned my head to look at
Cavor’s face, and thrust out my hand in front of
me as I did so. And my hand met nothing! Plunged
suddenly into a bottomless hole!

   My chest hit something hard, and I found myself
with my chin on the edge of an unfathomable abyss
that had suddenly opened beneath me, my hand ex-
tended stiffly into the void. The whole of that flat
circular area was no more than a gigantic lid, that
was now sliding sideways from .off the pit it had
covered into a slot prepared for it.

   Had it not been for Cavor I think I should have
remained rigid, hanging over this margin and star-
ing into the enormous gulf below, until at last the
edges of the slot scraped me off and hurled me into
its depths. But Cavor had not received the shock
that had paralysed me. He had been a little distance
from the edge when the lid had first opened, and
perceiving the peril that held me helpless, gripped
my legs and pulled me backward. I came into a
sitting position, cx-awled away from the edge for
a space on all fours, then staggered up and ran after
him across the thundering, quivering sheet of metal.
It seemed to be swinging open with a steadily ac-
celerated velocity, and the bushes in front of me
shifted sideways as I ran.

  I was none too soon. Cavor’s back vanished
amidst the bristling thicket, and as I scrambled up
after him, the monstrous valve came, into its posi-
tion with a clang. For a long time we lay panting,
not daring to approach the pit.

  But at last very cautiously and bit by bit we
crept into a position from which we could peer
down. The bushes about us creaked and waved

with the force of a breeze that was blowing down
the shaft. We could see nothing at first except
smooth vertical walls descending at last into an
impenetrable black. And then very gradually we
became aware of a number of very faint and little
lights going to and fro.

  For a time that stupendous gulf of mystery held
us so that we forgot even our sphere. In time,
as we grew more accustomed to the darkness, we
could make out very small, dim, elusive shapes mov-
ing about among those needle-point illuminations.
We peered amazed and incredulous, understanding
so little that we could find no words to say. We
could distinguish nothing that would give us a clue
to the meaning of the faint shapes we saw.

  “What can it be?” I asked; “what can it be?”
“The engineering! . . . They must live in these
caverns during the night, and come out during the
day.”

  “Cavor!” I said. “Can they be—that—it was
something like—men?”

  “Tlmt was not a man.”

  “We dare risk nothing!”

  “We dare do nothing until we find the sphere!”
“We can do nothing until we find the sphere.”
He assented with a groan and stirred himself
to move. He stared about him for a space, sighed,
and indicated a direction. We struck out through
the jungle. For a time we crawled resolutely, theu
with diminishing vigour. Presently among great
shapes of flabby purple there came a noise of tramp-
ling and cries about us. We lay close, and for a
long time the sounds went to and fro and very
near. But this time we saw nothing. I tried to
whisper to Cavor that I could hardly go without
food much longer, but my mouth had become too
dry for whispering.

  “Cavor,” I said, “I must have food.”

  He turned a face full of dismay towards me.
  “It’s a case for holding out,” he said.

  “But I must” I said, “and look at my lips!”
  “I’ve been thirsty some time.”

  “If only some of that snow had remained!”
“It’s clean gone! We’re driving from arctic to
tropical at the rate of a degree a minute. . .

  I gnawed my hand.

  “The sphere!” he said. “There is nothing for
it but the sphere.”

  We roused ourselves to another spurt of crawling.
My mind ran entirely on edible things, on the hiss-
ing profundity of summer drinks, more particularly
I craved for beer. I was haunted by the memory
of a sixteen gallon cask that had swaggered in my
Lympne cellar. I thought of the adjacent larder,
and especially of steak and kidney pie—tender
steak and plenty of kidney, and rich, thick gravy
between. Ever and again I was seized with fits of
hungry yawning. We came to flat places overgrown
with fleshy red things, monstrous coralline growths;
as we pushed against them they snapped, and broke.
I noted the quality of the broken surfaces. The
confounded stuff certainly looked of a biteable
texture. Then it seemed to me that it smelt rather
well.

  I picked up a fragment and sniffed at it.
  “Cavor,” I said in a hoarse undertone.
922

"AMAZING STORIES

  He glanced at me with his face screwed up.
“Don’t,” he said. I put down the fragment, and
we crawled on through this tempting fleshiness for
a space.

  “Cavor,” I asked “why notl”

  “Poison,” I heard him say, but he did not look
round.

  We crawled some way before I decided.

  “I’ll chance it,” said I.

  He made a belated gesture to prevent me. I
stuffed my mouth full. He crouched watching my
face, his own twisted into the oddest expression.
“It’s good,” I said.

  “0 Lord!” he cried.

  He watched me munch, his face wrinkled between
desire and disapproval, then suddenly succumbed
to appetite and began to tear off huge mouthfuls.
For a time we did nothing but eat.

  The stuff was not unlike a terrestrial mushroom,
only it was much laxer in texture, and, as one
swallowed it, it warmed the throat. At first we ex-
perienced a mere mechanical satisfaction in eating;
then our blood began to run warmer, and we tingled
at the lips and fingers, and then new and slightly
irrelevant ideas came bubbling up in our minds.

  “It’s good,” said I. “Infernally good! What a
home for our surplus population! Our poor surplus
population,” and I broke off another large portion.

  It filled me with a curiously benevolent satis-
faction that there was such good food in the moon.
The depression of my hunger gave way to an irra-
tional exhilaration. The dread and discomfort in
which I had been living vanished entirely. I per-
ceived the moon no longer as a planet from which I
most earnestly desired the means of escape, but as
a possible refuge for human destitution. I think I
forgot the Selenites, the mooncalves, the lid, and
the noises completely so soon as I had eaten that
fungus.

  Cavor replied to my third repetition of my “sur-
plus population” remark with similar words of ap-
proval. I felt that my head swam, but I put this
down to the stimulating effect of food after a long
fast. “Ess’lent discov’ry yours, Cavor,” said I.
“Se’nd on’y to the ’tato.”

  “Whajer mean ?” asked Cavor. “ ’Scovery of the
moon—se’nd on’y to the ’tato?”

  I looked at him, shocked at his suddenly hoarse
voice, and by the badness of his articulation. It
occurred to me in a flash that he was intoxicated,
possibly by the fungus. It also occurred to me that
he erred in imagining that he had discovered the
moon; he had not discovered it, he had only reached
it. I tried to lay my hand on his arm and explain
this to him, but the issue was too subtle for his
brain. It was also unexpectedly difficult to express.
After a momentary attempt to understand me—I
remember wondering if the fungus had made my
eyes as fishy as his—he set off upon some observa-
tions on his own account.

  “We are,” he announced with a solemn hiccup,
“the creashurs o’ what we eat and drink.”

  He repeated this, and as I was now in one of my
subtle moods, I determined to dispute it. Possibly
I wandered a little from the point. But Cavor
certainly did not attend at all properly. He stood

up as well as he could, putting a hand on my head
to steady himself, which was disrespectful, and
stood staring about him, quite devoid now of any
fear of the moon beings.

  I tried to point out that this was dangerous for
some reason that was not perfectly clear to me,
but the word “dangerous” had somehow got mixed
with “indiscreet,” and came out rather more like
“injurious” than either; and after an attempt to
disentangle them, I resumed my argument, address-
ing myself principally to the unfamiliar but at-
tentive coralline growths on either side. I felt that
it was necessary to clear up this confusion between
the moon and a potato at once—I wandered into a
long parenthesis on the importance of precision of
definition in argument. I did my best to ignore
the fact that my bodily sensations were no longer
agreeable.

  In some way that I have now forgotten, my mind
was led back to projects of colonisation. “We must
annex this moon,” I said. “There must be no shilly-
shally. This is part of the White Man’s Burthen.
Cavor—we are—hie—Satap—mean—S atraps!
Nempire Csesar never dreamt. B’in all the news-
papers. Cavorecia. Bedfordecia. Bedfordecia—
hie—Limited. Mean—unlimited! Practically.”

  Certainly I was intoxicated.

  I embarked upon an argument to show the infinite
benefits our arrival would confer on the moon. I
involved myself in a rather difficult proof that the
arrival of Columbus was, on the whole, beneficial
to America. I found I had forgotten the line of
argument I had intended to pursue, and continued
to repeat “Simlar to C’lumbus,” to fill up time.

  From that point my memory of the action of that
abominable fungus becomes confused. I remember
vaguely that we declared our intention of standing
no nonsense from any confounded insects, that we
decided it ill became men to hide shamefully upon
a mere satellite, that we equipped ourselves with
huge armfuls of the fungus—whether for missile
purposes or not I do not know—and, heedless of the
stabs of the bayonet scrub, we started forth into the
sunshine.

  Almost immediately we must have come upon the
Selenites. There were six of them, and they were
marching in single file over a rocky place, making
the most remarkable piping and whining sounds.
They all seemed to become aware of us at once,
all instantly became silent and motionless, like
animals, with their faces turned towards us.

  For a moment I was sobered.

  “Insects,” murmured Cavor, “insects! And
they think I’m going to crawl about on my stomach
—on my vertebrated stomach!

  "Stomach,” he repeated slowly, as though he
chewed the indignity.

  Then suddenly, with a shout of fury, he made
three vast strides and leapt towards them. He
leapt badly; he made a series of somersaults in the
air, whirled right over them, and vanished with an
enormous splash amidst the cactus bladders. What
the Selenites made of this amazing, and to my mind
undignified irruption from another planet, I have
no means of guessing. I seem to remember the
sight of their backs as they ran in all directions,
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

923

but I am not sure. All these last incidents before
oblivion came are vague and faint in my mind. I
know I made a step to follow Cavor, and tripped
and fell headlong among the rocks. I was, I am
certain, suddenly and vehemently ill. I seem to
remember a violent struggle, and being gripped
by metallic clasps. . . .

  My next clear recollection is that we were pris-
oners at we knew not what depths beneath the
moon’s surface; we were in darkness amidst strange
distracting noises; our bodies were covered with
scratches and bruises, and our heads racked with
pain.

CHAPTER XII

The Selenite’s Face

I FOUND myself sitting crouched together in a
tumultuous darkness. For a long time I could
not understand where I was, nor how I had
come to this perplexity. I thought of the cupboard
into which I had been thrust at times when I was a
child, and then of a very dark and noisy bedroom in
which I had slept during an illness. But these
sounds about me were not the noises I had known,
and there was a thin flavour in the air like the
wind of a stable. Then I supposed we must still be
at work upon the sphere, and that somehow I had
got into the cellar of Cavor’s house. I remembered
we had finished the sphere, and fancied I must still
be in it and travelling through space.

  “Cavor,” I said, “cannot we have some light?”
  There came no answer.

  “Cavor!” I insisted.

  I was answered by a groan. “My head!” I
heard him say; “my head!”

  I attempted to press my hands to my brow, which
ached, and discovered they were tied together. This
startled me very much. I brought them up to my
mouth and felt the cold smoothness of metal. They
were chained together. I tried to separate my legs,
and made out they were similarly fastened, and
also that I was fastened to the ground by a much
thicker chain about the middle of my body.

  I was more frightened than I had yet been by
anything in all our strange experience. For a
time I tugged silently at my bonds. “Cavor!” I
cried out sharply. “Why am I tied? Why have
you tied me hand and xoot?”

  “I haven’t tied you,” he answered. “It’s the
Selenites.”

  The Selenites! My mind hung on that for a
space. Then my memories came back to me: the
snowy desolation, the thawing of the air, the growth
of the plants, our strange hopping and crawling
among the rocks and vegetation of the crater. All
the distress of our frantic search for the sphere re-
turned to me. . . . Finally the opening of the great
lid that covered the pit!

  Then as I strained to trace our later movements
down to our present plight, the pain in my head
became intolerable. I came to an insurmountable
barrier, an obstinate blank.

  “Cavor!”

  “Yes?”

  “Cavor, where are we? Do you know where we
are?”

  “How should I know?”

  “Are we dead?”

  “What nonsense!”

  “They’ve got us, then!”

  He made no answer but a grunt. The lingering
traces of the poison seemed to make him oddly
irritable.

  “What do you mean to do?”

  “How should I know what to do?”

  “Oh, very well!” said I, and became silent. Pres-
ently, I was roused from a stupor. “0 Lord!” I
cried; “I wish you’d stop that buzzing!”

   We lapsed into silence again, listening to the dull
confusion of noises like the muffled sounds of a
street or factory that filled our ears. I could make
nothing of it, my mind pursued first one rhythm
and then another, and questioned it in vain. But
after a long time I became aware of a new and
sharper element, not mingling with the rest but
standing out, as it were, against that cloudy back-
ground of sound. It was a series of relatively very
little definite sounds, tappings and rubbings, like
a loose spray of ivy against a window or a bird
moving about upon a box. We listened and peered
about us, but the darkness was a velvet pall. There
followed a noise like the subtle movement of the
wards of a well-oiled lock. And then there appeared
before me, hanging as it seemed in an immensity
of black, a thin bright line.

  “Look!” whispered Cavor very softly.

  “What is it?”

  “I don’t know.”

  We stared.

  The thin bright line became a band, and broader
and paler. It took upon itself the quality of a
bluish light falling upon a white-washed wall. It
ceased to be parallel-sided; it developed a deep
indentation on one side. I turned to remark this
to Cavor, and was amazed to see his ear in a
brilliant illumination—all the rest of him in
shadow. I twisted my head round as well as my
bonds would permit. “Cavor,” I said, “it’s behind!”
His ear vanished—gave place to an eye!

_ Suddenly the crack that had been admitting the
light broadened out, and revealed itself as the space
of an opening door. Beyond was a sapphire vista,
and in the doorway stood a grotesque outline
silhouetted against the glare.

  We both made convulsive efforts to turn, and
failing, sat staring over our shoulders at this.
My first impression was of some clumsy quadruped
with lowered head. Then I perceived it was the
slender, pinched body and short and extremely
attenuated bandy legs of a Selenite, with his head
depressed between his shoulders. He was without
the helmet and body covering they wear when upon
the exterior of the satellite.

  He was a blank, black figure to us, but instinc-
tively our imaginations supplied features to his
very human outline. I, at least, took it instantly
that he was somewhat hunchbacked, with a high
forehead and long features.

  He came forward three steps and paused for a
time. His movements seemed absolutely noiseless.
924

AMAZING STORIES

Then he came forward again. He walked like a
bird, his feet fell one in front of the other. He
stepped out of the ray of light that came through
the doorway and it seemed as though he vanished
altogether in the shadow.

  For a moment my eyes sought him in the wrong
place, and then I perceived him standing facing us
both in the full light. Only the human features I
had attributed to him were not there at all!

  Of course I ought to have expected that, only I
didn’t. It came to me as an absolute, for a moment
an overwhelming shock. It seemed as though it
wasn’t a face, as though it must needs be a mask,
a horror, a deformity, that would presently be dis-
avowed or explained. There was no nose, and the
thing had dull bulging eyes at the side—in the
silhouette I had supposed they were ears. There
were no ears. ... I have tried to draw one of these
heads, but I cannot. There was a mouth, down-
wardly curved, like a human mouth in a face that
stares ferociously. . . .

  The neck on which the head was poised was
jointed in three places, almost like the short joints
in the leg of a crab. The joints of the limbs I
could not see, because of the puttee-like straps in
which they were swathed, and which formed the
only clothing the being wore.

  There the thing was, looking at us!

  At the time my mind was taken up by the mad
impossibility of the creature. I suppose he also
was amazed, and with more reason, perhaps, for
amazement than we. Only, confound him! he did
not show jt. We did at least know what had brought
about this meeting of incompatible creatures.
But conceive how it would seem to decent Lon-
doners, for example, to come upon a couple of liv-
ing things, as big as men and absolutely unlike any
other earthly animals, careering about among the
sheep in Hyde Park! It must have taken him like
that.

  Figure 'Us! We were bound hand and foot, fag-
ged and filthy; our beards two inches long, our
faces scratched and bloody. Cavor you must imagine
in his knickerbockers (torn in several places by
the bayonet scrub), his Jaeger shirt and old cricket
cap, his wiry hair wildly disordered, a tail to every
quarter of the heavens. In that blue light his
face did not look red but very dark, his lips and
the drying blood upon my hands seemed black.
If possible I was in a worse plight than he, on ac-
count of the yellow fungus into which I had jumped.
Our jackets were unbuttoned, and our shoes had
been taken off and lay at our feet. And we were
sitting with our backs to this queer bluish light,
peering at such a monster as Diirer might have in-
vented.

  Cavor broke the silence; started to speak, went
hoarse, and cleared his throat. Outside began a
terrific bellowing, as if a mooncalf were in trouble.
It ended in a shriek, and everything was still again.

  Presently the Selenite turned about, flickered
into the shadow, stood for a moment retrospective
at the door, and then closed it on us; and once more
we were in that murmurous mystery of darkness
into which we had awakened.

CHAPTER XIII
Mr. Cavor Makes Some Suggestions

 FOR a time neither of us spoke. To focus to-
 gether all the things we had brought upon our-
 selves, seemed beyond my mental powers.
 “They’ve got us,” I said at last.

 “It was that fungus.”

 “Well—if I hadn’t taken it we should have fainted
 and starved.”

 "We might have found the sphere.”

 I lost my temper at his persistence, and swore to
 myself. For a time we hated one another in silence.
 I drummed with my fingers on the floor between my
 knees, and gritted the links of my fetters together.
 Presently I was forced to talk again.

 "What do you make of it, anyhow?” I asked
 humbly.

“They are reasonable creatures—they can make
things and do things—Those lights we saw. . .

 He stopped. It was clear he could make nothing
 of it.

When he spoke again it was to confess, “After
all, they are more human than we had a right to

 expect. I suppose-”

 He stopped irritatingly.

 “Yes?”

 "I suppose, anyhow—on any planet where there
 is an intelligent animal—it will cafry its brain case
 upward, and have hands, and walk erect. . . .”
 Presently he broke away in another direction.
 "We are some way in,” he said. “I mean—per-
 haps a couple of thousand feet or more.”

 “Why?”

 “It’s cooler. And our voices are so much louder.
 That faded quality—it has altogether gone. And
 the feeling in one’s ears and throat.”

 I had not noted that, but I did now.

 “The air is denser. We must be some depths—
 a mile even, we may be—inside the moon.”

 “We never thought of a world inside the moon.”
 “No.”

 “How could we?”

 “We might have done. Only- One gets into

 habits of mind.”

 He thought for a time.

 “Now,” he said, “it seems such an' obvious thing.
 “Of course! The moon must be enormously
 cavernous, with an atmosphere within and at the
 centre of its caverns a sea.

 “One knew that the moon had a lower specific
 gravity than the earth, one knew that it had little
 air or water outside, one knew, too, that it was
 sister planet to the earth, and that it was unac-
 countable that it should be different in composition.
 The inference that it was hollowed out was as clear
 as day. And yet one never saw it as a fact. Kepler,

 of course-”

 His voice had the interest now of a man who has
 discovered a pretty sequence of reasoning.

 “Yes,” he said, “Kepler with his sub-volvani was
 right after all.”

 “I wish you had taken the trouble to find that
 out before we came,” I said.

He answered nothing, buzzing to himself softly,
as he pursued his thoughts. My temper was going.
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

925

“What do you think has become of the sphere, any-
how?” I asked.

  “Lost,” he said, like a man who answers an
uninteresting question.

  “Among those plants?”

  “Unless they find it.”

  "And then?”

  “How can I tell?”

  “Cavor,” I said, with a sort of hysterical bitter-
ness, “things look bright for my Company. . . .”
He made no answer.

  “Good Lord!” I exclaimed. “Just think of all
the trouble we took to get into this pickle! What
did we come for? What are we after? What was
the moon to us or we to the moon? We wanted too
much, we tried too much. We ought to have started
the little things first. It was you proposed the
moon! Those Cavorite spring blinds! I am cer-
tain we could have worked them for terrestrial pur-
poses. Certain! Did you really understand what I
proposed? A steel cylinder—r—”

  “Rubbish!” said Cavor.

  We ceased to converse.

  For a time Cavor kept up a broken monologue
without much help from me.

  “If they find it,” he began, “if they find it . . .
what will they do with it? Well, that’s a question.

  “It may be that’s the question. They won’t under-
stand it, anyhow. If they understood that sort of
thing they would have come long since to the earth.
Would they? Why shouldn’t they? But they

would have sent something- They couldn’t

keep their hands off such a possibility. No! But
they will examine it. Clearly they are intelligent
and inquisitive. They will examine it—get inside
it—trifle with the studs. Off! . . . That would
mean the moon for us for all the rest of our lives.
Strange creatures, strange knowledge . . .”

  “As for strange knowledge-” said I, and

language failed me.

  “Look here, Bedford,” said Cavor, “you came on
this expedition of your own free will.”

  “You said to me, ‘Call it prospecting.’ ”

  “There’s always risks in prospecting.”
“Especially when you do it unarmed and without
thinking out every possibility.”

  “I was so taken up with the sphere. The thing
rushed on us, and carried us away.”

  “Rushed on me, you mean.”

  “Rushed on me just as much. How was I to know
when I set to work on molecular physics that the
business would bring me here—of all places?”

  “It’s this accursed science,” I cried. “It’s the
very Devil. The mfedizeval priests and persecutors
were right and the Moderns are all wrong. You
tamper with it—and it ofFers you gifts. And
directly you take them it knocks you to pieces in
some unexpected way. Old passions and new
weapons—now it upsets your religion, now it up-
sets your social ideas, now it whirls you off to
desolation and misery!”

  “Anyhow, it’s no use your quarrelling with me
now. These creatures—-these Selenites, or whatever
we choose to call them—have got us tied hand and
foot. In whatever temper you choose to go through
with it you will have to go through with it.

... We have experiences before us that will need
all our coolness.”

  He paused as if he required my assent. But I
sat sulking. “Confound your science!” I said.

  “The problem is communication. Gestures, I
fear, will be different. Pointing, for example. No
creatures but men and monkeys point.”

  That was too obviously wrong for me. “Pretty
nearly every animal,” I cried, “points with its
eyes or nose.”

  Cavor meditated over that. “Yes,” he said at
last, “and we don’t. There’s such differences—such
differences!

  "One might. . . . But how can I tell? There
is speech. The sounds they make, a sort of fluting
and piping. I don’t see how we are to imitate that.
Is it their speech, that sort of thing? They may
have different senses, different means of com-
munication. Of course they are minds and we are
minds; there must be something in common. Who
knows how far we may not get to an understand-
ing?”

  “The things are outside us,” I said. “They’re
more different from us than the strangest animals
on earth. They are a different clay. What is the
good of talking like this?”

  Cavor thought. “I don’t see that. Where there
are minds they will have something similar—even
though they have been evolved on different planets.
Of course if it was a question of instincts, if we or
they are no more than animals—”

  “Well, are they? They’re much more like ants
on their hind legs than human beings, and who ever
got to any sort of understanding with ants?”

  “But these machines and clothing! No, I don’t

hold with you, Bedford. The difference is wide-”

  “It’s insurmountable.”

  “The resemblance must bridge it. I remember
reading a paper once by the late Professor Galton
on the possibility of communication between the
planets. Unhappily, at that time it did not seem
probable that that would be of any material benefit
to me, and I fear I did not give it the attention I
should have done—in view of this state of affairs.
Yet. . . . Now, let me see!

  “His idea was to begin with those broad truths
that must underlie all conceivable mental existences
and establish a basis on those. The great principles
of geometry, to begin with. He proposed to take
some leading proposition of Euclid’s, and show by
construction that its truth was known to us, to
demonstrate, for example, that the angles at the
base of an isosceles triangle are equal, and that if
the equal sides be produced the angles on the other
sides of the base are equal also, or that the square
on the hypotenuse of a right-angle triangle is equal
to the sum of the squares on the two other sides.
By demonstrating our knowledge of these things
we should demonstrate our possession of a reason-
able intelligence. . . . Now, suppose I ... I
might draw the geometrical figure with a wet finger,
or even trace it in the air . . .”

  1-Ie fell silent. I sat meditating his words. For
a time his wild hope of communication, of inter-
pretation, with these weird beings held me. Then
that angry despair that was a part of my exhaustion
,926

AMAZING STORIES

  and physical misery resumed its sway. I perceived
with a sudden novel vividness the extraordinary
folly of everything I had ever done. “Ass!” I said;
“oh, ass, unutterable ass. ... I seem to exist only
to go about doing preposterous things. Why did
we ever leave the thing? . . . Hopping about look-
ing for patents and concessions in the craters of
the moon! ... If only we had had the sense to
fasten a handkerchief to a stick to show where we
had left the sphere!”

  I subsided, fuming.

  "It is clear,” meditated Cavor, “they are intel-
ligent. One can hypothesize certain things. As
they have not killed us at once, they must have
ideas of mercy. Mercy! at any rate of restraint.
Possibly of intercourse. They may meet us. And
this apartment and the glimpses we had of its
guardian. These fetters! A high degree of intelli-
gence. . .

  “I wish to heaven,” cried I, “I’d thought even
twice! Plunge after plunge. First one fluky start
and then another. It was my confidence in you!
Why didn’t I stick to my play? That was what
I was equal to. That was my world and the life I
was made for. I could have finished that play.
I’m certain ... it was a good play. I had the
scenario as good as done. Then. . . . Conceive it!
leaping to the moon! Practically—I’ve thrown my
life away! That old woman in the inn near Canter-
bury had better sense than-”

  I looked up, and stopped in mid-sentence. The
darkness had given place to that bluish light again.
The door was opening, and several noiseless Sele-
nites were coming into the chamber. I became
quite still, staring at their grotesque faces.

  Then suddenly my sense of disagreeable strange-
ness changed to interest. I perceived that the
foremost and second carried bowls. One elemental
need at least our minds could understand in com-
mon. They were bowls of some metal that, like our
fetters, looked dark in that bluish light; and each
contained a number of whitish fragments. All the
cloudy pain and misery that oppressed me rushed
together and took the shape of hunger. I eyed these
bowls wolfishly, and, though it returned to me in
dreams, at that time it seemed a small matter that
at the end of the arms that lowered one towards me
were not hands, but a sort of flap and thumb, like
the end of an elephant’s trunk.

  The stuff in the bowl was loose in texture, and
whitish brown in colour—rather like lumps of some
cold souffle, and it smelt faintly like mushrooms.
From a partially divided carcass of a mooncalf that
we presently saw, I am inclined to believe it must
have been mooncalf flesh.

  My hands were so tightly chained that I could
barely contrive to reach the bowl; but when they
saw the effort I made, two of them dexterously
released one of the turns about my wrist. Their
tentacle hands were soft and cold to my skin. I
immediately seized a mouthful of the food. It
had the same laxness in texture that all organic
structures seem to have upon the moon; it tasted
rather like a gauffer or a damp meringue, but in
no way was it disagreeable. I took two other

  mouthfuls. “I wanted—foo’!” said I, tearing off
a still larger piece. . . .

  For a time we ate with an utter absence of self-
consciousness. We ate and presently drank like
tramps in a soup kitchen. Never before nor since
have I been hungry to the ravenous pitch, and save
that I have had this very experience I could never
have believed that, a quarter of a million of miles
out of our proper world, in utter perplexity of soul,
surrounded, watched, touched by beings more
grotesque and inhuman than the worst creations
of a nightmare, it would be possible for me to eat
in utter forgetfulness of all these things. They
stood about us watching us, and ever and again
making a slight elusive twittering that stood them,
I suppose, in the stead of speech. I did not even
shiver at their touch. And when the first zeal of
my feeding was over, I could note that Cavor,
too, had been eating with the same shameless
abandon.

CHAPTER XIV

Experiments in Intercourse

WHEN at last we had made an end of eating,
the Selenites linked our hands closely to-
gether again, and then untwisted the
chains about our feet and rebound them, so as to
give us a limited freedom of movement. Then they
unfastened the chains about our waists. To do all
this they had to handle us freely, and ever and again
one of their queer heads came down close to my
face, or a soft tentacle-hand touched my head or
neck. I don’t remember that I was afraid then or
repelled by their proximity. I think that our in-
curable anthropomorphism made us imagine there
were human heads inside their masks. The skin,
like everything else, looked bluish, but that was on
account of the light; and it was hard and shiny,
quite in the beetle-wing fashion, not soft, or moist,
or hairy, as a vertebrated animal’s would be. Along
the crest of the head was a low ridge of whitish
spines running from back to front, and a much
larger ridge curved on either side over the eyes.
The Selenite who untied me used his mouth to
help his hands.

  “They seem to be releasing us,” said Cavor.
“Remember we are on the moon! Make no sudden
movements!”

  “Are you going to try that geometry?”

  “If I get a chance. But, of course, they may
make an advance first.”

  We remained passive, and the Selenites, having
finished their arrangements, stood back from us,
and seemed to be looking at us. I say seemed to
be, because as their eyes were at the side and not in
front, one had the same difficulty in determining
the direction in which they were looking as one has
in the case of a hen or a fish. They conversed with
one another in their reedy tones, that seemed to me
impossible to imitate or define. The door behind us
opened wider, and, glancing over my shoulder, I
saw a vague, large space beyond, in which quite a
little crowd of Selenites were standing. They
seemed a curiously miscellaneous rabble.
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

927

  “Do they want us to imitate those sounds?” I
asked Cavor.

   “I don’t think so,” he said.

  “It seems to me that they are trying to make us
understand something.”

  “I can’t make anything of their gestures. Do
you notice this one, who is worrying with his head
like a man with an uncomfortable collar?”

  “Let us shake our heads at him.”

  We did that, and finding it ineffectual, attempted
an imitation of the Selenites’ movements. That
seemed to interest them. At any rate they all set
up the same movement. But as that seemed to
lead to nothing, we desisted at last and so did they,
and fell into a piping argument among themselves.
Then one of them, shorter and very much thicker
than the others, and with a particularly wide
mouth, squatted down suddenly beside Cavor, and
put his hands and feet in the same posture as
Cavor’s were bound, and then by a dexterous move-
ment stood up.

  “Cavor,” I shouted, “they want us to get up!”
He stared open-mouthed. “That’s it!” he said.
And with much heaving and grunting, because
our hands were tied together, we contrived to
struggle to our feet. The Selenites made way for
our elephantine heavings, and seemed to twitter
more volubly. As soon as we were on our feet the
thick-set Selenite came and patted each of our faces
with his tentacles, and walked towards the open
doorway. That also was plain enough, and we
followed him. We saw that four of the Selenites
standing in the doorway were much taller than the
others, and clothed in the same manner as those
we had seen in the crater, namely, with spiked
round helmets and cylindrical body-cases, and that
each of the four carried a goad with spike and
guard made of that same dull-looking metal as the
bowls. These four closed about us, one on either
side of each of us, as we emerged from our chamber
into the cavern from which the light had come.

  We did not get our impression of that cavern all
at once. Our attention was taken up by the move-
ments and attitudes of the Selenites immediately
about us, and by the necessity of controlling our
motion, lest we should startle and alarm them and
ourselves by some excessive stride. In front of us
was the short, thick-set being who had solved the
problem of asking us to get up, moving with
gestures that seemed, almost all of them, intelligible
to us, inviting us to follow him. His spout-like
face turned from one of us to the other with a
quickness that was clearly interrogative. For a
time, I say, we were taken up with these things.

  But at last the great place that formed a back-
ground to our movements asserted itself. It be-
came apparent that the source of much, at least, of
the tumult of sounds which had filled our ears ever
since we had recovered from the stupefaction of
the fungus was a vast mass of machinery in active
movement, whose flying and whirling parts were
visible indistinctly over the heads and between the
bodies of the Selenites who walked about us. And
not only did the web of sounds that filled the air
proceed from this mechanism, but also the peculiar
blue light that irradiated the whole place. We had

taken it as a natural thing that a subterranean
cavern should be artificially lit, and even now,
though the fact was patent to my eyes, I did not
really grasp its import until presently the darkness
came. The meaning and structure of this huge
apparatus we saw I cannot explain, because we
neither of us learnt what it was for or how it
worked. One after another, big shafts of metal
flung out and up from its centre, their heads travel-
ling in what seemed to me to be a parabolic path;
each dropped a sort of dangling arm as it rose to-
wards the apex of its flight and plunged down into
a vertical cylinder, forcing this down before it.
About it moved the shapes of tenders, little figures
that seemed vaguely different from the beings
about us. As each of the three dangling arms of
the machine plunged down, there was a clank and
then a roaring, and out of the top of the vertical
cylinder came pouring this incandescent substance
that lit the place, and ran over as milk runs over
a boiling pot, and dripped luminously into a tank of
light below. It was a cold blue light, a sort of
phosphorescent glow but infinitely brighter, and
from the tanks into which it fell it ran in conduits
athwart the cavern.

  Thud, thud, thud, thud, came the sweeping arms
of this unintelligible apparatus, and the light sub-
stance hissed and poured. At first the thing
seemed only reasonably large and near to us, and
then I saw how exceedingly little the Selenites upon
it seemed, and I realized the full immensity of
cavern and machine. I looked from this tremendous
affair to the faces of the Selenites with a new re-
spect. I stopped, and Cavor stopped, and stared at
this thunderous engine.

  “But this is stupendous!” I said. “What can
it be for?”

  Cavor’s blue-lit face was full of an intelligent

respect. “I can’t dream! Surely these beings-

Men could not make a thing like that! Look at
those arms, are they on connecting rods?”

  The thick-set Selenite had gone some paces un-
heeded. He came back and stood between us and
the great machine. I avoided seeing him, because
I guessed somehow that his idea was to beckon
us onward. He walked away in the direction he
wished us to go, and turned and came back, and
flicked our faces to attract our attention.

  Cavor and I looked at one another.

  “Cannot we show him we are interested in the
machine?” I said.

  “Yes,” said Cavor. “We’ll try that.” He turned
to our guide and smiled, and pointed to the machine,
and pointed again, and then to his head, and then
to the machine. By some defect of reasoning he
seemed to imagine that broken English might help
these gestures. “Me look ’im,” he said, “me think
’im very much. Yes.”

  His behaviour seemed to check the Selenites in
their desire for our progress for a moment. They
faced one another, their queer heads moved, the
twittering voices came quick and liquid. Then one
of them, a lean, tall creature, with a sort of mantle
added to the puttee in which the others were
dressed, twisted his elephant trunk of a hand about
928

AMAZING STORIES

Cavor’s waist, and pulled him gently to follow our
guide, who again went on ahead.

  Cavor resisted. “We may just as well begin ex-
plaining ourselves now. They may think we are
new animals, a new sort of mooncalf perhaps! It
is most important that we should show an intelli-
gent interest from the outset.”

  He began to shake his head violently. “No, no,”
he said, “me not come on one minute. Me look at
’im.”

  “Isn’t there some geometrical point you might
bring in apropos of that affair?” I suggested, as
the Selenites conferred again.

  “Possibly a parabolic-” he began.

  He yelled loudly, and leaped six feet or more!

  One of the four armed moon-men had pricked
him with a goad!

  I turned on the goad-bearer behind me with a
swift threatening gesture, and he started back.
This and Cavor’s sudden shout and leap clearly
astonished all the Selenites. They receded hastily,
facing us. For one of those moments that seem
to last for ever, we stood in angry protest, with a
scattered semicircle of these inhuman beings about
us.

  “He pricked me!” said Cavor, with a catching
of the voice.

  “I saw him,” I answered.

  “Confound it!” I said to the Selenites; “we're -
not going to stand that! What on earth do you take
us for?”

  I glanced quickly right and left. Far away across
the blue wilderness of cavern I saw a number of
other Selenites running towards us; broad and
slender they were, and one with a larger head than
the others. The cavern spread wide and low, and
receded in every direction into darkness. Its roof,

I remember, seemed to bulge down as if with the
weight of the vast thickness of rocks that prisoned
us. There was no way out of it—no way out of it.
Above, below, in every direction, was the unknown,
and these inhuman creatures, with goads and
gestures, confronting us, and we two unsupported
men!

CHAPTER XV
The Giddy Bridge

JUST for a moment that hostile pause endured.

I suppose that both we and the Selenites did
some very rapid thinking. My clearest impres-
sion was that there was nothing to put my back
against, and that we were bound to be surrounded
and killed. The overwhelming folly of our presence
there loomed over me in black, enormous reproach.
Why had I ever launched myself on this mad, in-
human expedition?

  Cavor came to my side and laid his hand on my
arm. His pale and terrified face was ghastly in
the blue light.

  “We can’t do anything,” he said. “It’s a mistake.
They don’t understand. We must go. As they
want us to go.”

  I looked down at him, and then at the fresh
Selenites who were coming to help their fellows.
“If I had my hands free—■—”

    “It’s no use,” he panted. “It’s absolutely no use.”

    “No.”

    “We’ll go.”

    And he turned about and led the way in the
  direction that had been indicated for us.

    I followed, trying to look as subdued as possible,
  and feeling at the chains about my wrists. My
  blood was boiling. I noted nothing more of that
  cavern, though it seemed to take a long time before
  we had marched across it, or if I noted anything I
  forgot it as I saw it. My thoughts were concen-
  trated, I think, upon my chains and the Selenites,
  and particularly upon the helmeted ones with the
  goads. At first they marched parallel with us, and
  at a respectful distance, but presently they were
  overtaken by three others, and then they drew
  nearer, until they were within arm’s length again.
  I winced like a beaten horse as they came near to
  us. The shorter, thicker Selenite marched at first
  on our right flank, but presently came in front of us
  again.

    How well the picture of that grouping has bitten
  into my brain; the back of Cavor’s downcast head
  just in front of me, and the dejected droop of his
  shoulders, and our guide’s gaping visage, per-
  petually jerking about him, and the goad-bearers on
  either side, watchful, yet open-mouthed—a blue
  monochrome. And after all, I do remember one
  - other thing besides the purely personal affair, which
  is, that a sort of gutter came presently across the
  floor of the cavern, and then ran along by the side
  of the path of rock we followed. And it was full of
  that same bright blue luminous stuff that flowed
  out of the great machine. I walked close beside
  it, and I can testify it radiated not a particle of
  heat. It was brightly shining, and yet it was neither
  warmer nor colder than anything else in the cavern.

    Clang, clang, clang, we passed right under the
  thumping levers of another vast machine, and so
  came at last to a wide tunnel, in which we could
  even hear the pad, pad, of our shoeless feet, and
  which, save for the trickling thread of blue to the
  right of us, was quite unlit. The shadows made
  gigantic travesties of our shapes and those of the
  Selenites on the irregular wall and roof of the tun-
  nel. Ever and again crystals in the walls of the
  tunnel scintillated like gems, ever and again the
  tunnel expanded into a stalactitic cavern, or gave
  off branches that vanished into darkness.

    We seemed to be marching down that tunnel for
  a long time. “Trickle, trickle,” went the flowing
  light very softly, and our footfalls and their echoes
  made an irregular paddle, paddle. My mind settled
  down to the question of my chains. If I were to
  slip off one turn so, and then to .twist it so .. .

    If I tried to do it very gradually, would they see
  I was slipping my wrist out of the looser turn?
  If they did, what would they do?

    “Bedford,” said Cavor, “It goes down. It keeps
  on going down.”

   His remark roused me from my sullen pre-
  occupation.

    “If they wanted to kill us,” he said, dropping
  back to come level with me, "there is no reason
  •why they should not have done it.”

    “No,” I admitted, “that’s true.”
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

929

  "They don't understand us,” he said, ‘‘they think
 we are merely strange animals, some wild sort of
 mooncalf birth, perhaps. It will be only when they
 have observed us better that they will begin to

think we have minds-”

  “When you trace those geometrical problems,”
 said I.

  “It may be that.”

  We tramped on for a space.

  “You see,” said Cavor, “these may be Selenites
 of a lower class.”

  “The infernal fools!” said I viciously, glancing
 at their exasperating faces.

  “If we endure what they do to us—r—"

  “We’ve got to endure it,” said I.

  “There may be others less stupid. ‘This is the
 mere outer fringe of their world. It must go down
 and down, cavern, passage, tunnel, down at last
 to the sea—hundreds of miles below.”

  His words made me think of the mile or so of
 rock and tunnel that might be over our heads al-
 ready. It was like a weight dropping on my
 shoulders. “Away from the sun and air,” I said.
 “Even a mine half a mile deep is stuffy.”

  “This is not, anyhow. It’s probable- Ven-
tilation! The air would blow from the dark side
of the moon to the sunlit, and all the carbonic acid
gas would well out there and feed those plants. Up
this tunnel, for example, there is quite a breeze.
And what a world it must be. The earnest we have
in that shaft, and those machines——”

  “And the goad,” I said. “Don’t forget the goad!”
  He walked a little in front of me for a time.

  “Even that goad-” he said.

  “Well?”

  “I was angry at the time. Bufc=^• It was
perhaps necessary we should get on. They have
different skins, and probably different nerves. They

may not understand our objection- Just as

a being from Mars might not like our earthly habit

of nudging-”

 “They’d better be careful how they nudge me.”
 “And about that geometry. After all, their way
 is a way of understanding, too. They begin with
 the elements of life and not of thought. Food.
 Compulsion. Pain. They strike at fundamentals.”
 “There’s no doubt about that,” I said.

  He went on to talk of the enormous and wonderful
 world into which we were being taken. I realised
 slowly from his tone, that even now he was not
 absolutely in despair at the prospect of going ever
 deeper into this inhuman planet-burrow. His mind
 ran on machines and invention, to the exclusion of
 a thousand dark things that beset me. It wasn’t
 that he intended to make any use of these things, he
 simply wanted to know them.

 “After all,” he said, “this is a tremendous oc-
 casion. It is the meeting of two worlds! What are
 we going to see? Think of what is below us here.”
 “We shan’t see much if the light isn’t better,”
 I remarked.

  “This is only the outer crust. Down below——•

On this scale- There will be everything. Do

 you notice how different they seem one from an-
 other? The story we shall take back!”

  “Some rare sort of animal,” I said, “might com'

 fort himself in that way while they were bringing
 him to the Zoo. ... It doesn't follow that we are
 going to be shown all these things.”

  “When they find we have reasonable minds,”
said Cavor, “they will want to learn about the
earth. Even if they have no generous emotions,
they will teach in order to learn. . . . And the
things they must know! The unanticipated things!”

  He went on to speculate on the possibility of
their knowing things he had never hoped to learn
on earth, speculating in that way, with a raw wound
from that goad already in his skin! Much that
he said I forget, for my attention was drawn to
the fact that the tunnel along which we had been
marching was opening out wider and wider. We
seemed, from the feeling of the air, to be going out
into a huge space. But how big the space might
really be we could not tell, because it was unlit.
Our little stream of light ran in a dwindling thread
and vanished far ahead. Presently the rocky walls
had vanished altogether on either hand. There was
nothing to be seen but the path in front of us and
the trickling hurrying rivulet of blue phosphores-
cence. The figures of Cavor and the guiding Sele-
nite marched before me, the sides of their leg3
and heads that were towards the rivulet were clear
and bright blue, their darkened sides, now that the
reflection of the tunnel wall no longer lit them,
merged indistinguishably in the darkness beyond.

  And soon I perceived that we were approaching
a declivity of some sort, because the little blue
stream dipped suddenly out of sight.

  In another moment, as it seemed, we had reached
the edge. The shining stream gave one meander of
hesitation and then rushed over. It fell to a depth
at which the sound of its descent was absolutely
lost to us. Far below was a bluish glow, a sort
of blue mist—at an infinite distance below. And
the darkness the stream dropped out of became
utterly void and black, save that a thing like a plank
projected from the edge of the cliff and stretched
out and faded and vanished altogether. There was
a warm air blowing up out of the gulf.

  For a moment I and Cavor stood as near the
edge as we dared, peering into a blue-tinged pro-
fundity. And then our guide was pulling at my
arm.

  Then he left me, and walked to the end of that
plank and stepped upon it, looking back. Then
when he perceived we watched him, he turned
about and went on along it, walking as surely as
though he was on firm earth. For a moment his
form was distinct, then he became a blue blur, and
then vanished into the obscurity. I became aware
of some vague shape looming darkly out of the
black.

  There was a pause. “Surely—-—!” said Cavor.

  One of the other Selenites walked a few paces
out upon the plank, and turned and looked back at
us unconcernedly. The others stood ready to fol-
low after us. Our guide’s expectant figure reap-
peared. He was returning to see why we had not
advanced.

  “What is that beyond there?” I asked.

  “I can’t see.”

  “We can’t cross this at any price,” said I.
930	AMAZING STORIES

  “I could not go three steps on it,” said Cavor,
“even with my hands free.”

  We looked at each other’s drawn faces in blank
consternation.

  “They can’t know what it is to be giddy!” said
Cavor.

“It’s quite impossible for us to walk that plank.”
“I don’t believe they see as we do. I’ve been
watching them. I wonder if they know this i3
simply blackness for us. How can we make them
understand?”

  “Anyhow, we must make them understand.”

  I think we said these things with a vague half
hope the Selenites might somehow understand. I
knew quite clearly that all that was needed was
an explanation. Then as I saw their faces, I
realised that an explanation was impossible. Just
here it was that our resemblances were not going to
bridge our differences. Welt, I wasn’t going to walk
the plank, anyhow. I slipped my wrist very quickly
out of the coil of chain that was loose, and then
began to twist my wrists in opposite directions. I
was standing nearest to the bridge, and as I did
this two of the Selenites laid hold of me, and pulled
me gently towards it.

  I shook my head violently. “No go," I said,
"no use. You don’t understand.”

  Another Selenite added his compulsion. I was
forced to step forward.

  “I’ve got an idea,” said Cavor; but I knew his
ideas.

  “Look here!" I exclaimed to the Selenites.

“Steady on! It’s all very well for you-”

  I sprang round upon my heel. I burst out into
curses. For one of the armed Selenites had stabbed
me behind with his goad.

  I wrenched my wrists free from the little tentacles
that held them. I turned on the goad-bearer.
"Confound you!” I cried. “I’ve warned you of
that. What on earth do you think I’m made of,
to stick that into me? If you touch me again—i—”
By way of answer he pricked me forthwith.

  I heard Cavor’s voice in alarm and entreaty.
Even then I think he wanted to compromise with
these creatures. “I say, Bedford,” he cried, “I
know a way!” But the sting of that second stab
seemed to set free some pent-up reserve of energy
in my being. Instantly the link of the wrist-chain
snapped, and with it snapped all considerations
that had held us unresisting in the hands of these
moon creatures. For that second, at least, I was
mad with fear and anger. I took no thought of
consequences. I hit straight out at the face of the
thing with the goad. The chain was twisted round
my fist. . . .

  There came another of these beastly surprises
of which the moon world is full.

  My mailed hand seemed to go clean through him.
He smashed like—like some softish sort of sweet
with liquid in it! He broke right in! He squelched
and splashed. It was like hitting a damp toadstool.
The flimsy body went spinning a dozen yards, and
fell with a flabby impact. I was astonished. I
was incredulous that any living thing could be so
flimsy. For an instant I could have believed the
whole thing a dream.

  Then it had become real and imminent again.
Neither Cavor nor the other Selenites seemed to
have done anything from the time when I had
turned about to the time when the dead Selenite
hit the ground. Every one stood back from us two,
every one alert. That arrest seemed to last at
least a second after the Selenite was down. Every
one must have been taking the thing in. I seem
to remember myself standing with my arm half
retracted, trying also to take it in. “What next?”
clamoured my brain; “what next?” Then in a
moment every one was moving!

  I perceived we must get our chains loose, and
that before we could do this these Selenites had
to be beaten off. I faced towards the group of
the three goad-bearers. Instantly one threw his
goad at me. It swished over my head, and I sup-
pose went flying into the abyss behind.

  I leaped right at him with all my might as the
goad flew over me. He turned to run as I jumped,
and I bore him to the ground, came down right
upon him, and slipped upon his smashed body and
fell. He seemed to wriggle under my foot.

  I came into a sitting position, and on every hand
the blue backs of the Selenites were receding into
the darkness. I bent a link by main force and
untwisted the chain that had hampered me about
the ankles, and sprang to my feet, with the chain in
my hand. Another goad, flung javelin-wise, whistled
by me, and I made a rush towards the darkness
out of which it had come. Then I turned back
towards Cavor, who was still standing in the light
of the rivulet near the gulf convulsively busy with
his wrists, and at the same time jabbering nonsense
about his idea.

  “Come on!” I cried.

  “My hands!” he answered.

  Then, realising that I dared not run back to him,
because my ill-calculated steps might carry me
over the edge, he came shuffling towards me, with
his hands held out before him.

  I gripped his chains at once to unfasten them.

  “Where are they?” he panted.

  “Run away. They’ll come back. They’re throw-
ing things! Which way shall we go?”

  “By the light. To that tunnel. Eh?”

  “Yes,” said I, and his hands were free.

  I dropped on my knees and fell to work on his
ankle bonds. Whack came something—I know not
what—and splashed the livid streamlet into drops
about us. Far away on our right a piping and
whistling began.

  I whipped the chain off his feet, and put it in
his hand. “Hit with that!” I said, and without
waiting for an answer, set off in big bounds along
the path by which we had come. I had a nasty
sort of feeling that these things could jump out of
the darkness on to my back. I heard the impact
of his leaps come following after me.

  We ran in vast strides. But that running, you
must understand, was an altogether different thing
from any running on earth. On earth one leaps
and almost instantly hits the ground again, but
on the moon, because of its weaker pull, one shot
through the air for several seconds before one came
to earth. In spite of our violent hurry this gave an
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

931

effect of long pauses, pauses in which one might
have counted seven or eight. “Step,” and one
soared off! All sorts of questions ran through my
mind: “Where are the Selenites? What will they
do? Shall we ever get to that tunnel? Is Cavor
far behind? Are they likely to cut him off?” Then
whack, stride, and off again for another step.

  I saw a Selenite running in front of me, his legs
going exactly as a man’s would go on earth, saw
him glance over his shoulder, and heard him shriek
as he ran aside out of my way into the darkness.
He was, I think, our guide, but I am not sure. Then
in another vast stride the walls of rock had come
into view on either hand, and in two more strides
I was in the tunnel, and tempering my pace to its
low roof. I went on to a bend, then stopped and
turned back, and plug, plug, plug, Cavor came into
view, splashing into the stream of blue light at
every stride, and grew larger and blundered into
me. We stood clutching each other. For a moment,
at least, we had shaken off our captors and were
alone.

  We were both very much out of breath. We
spoke in panting, broken sentences.

  “You’ve spoilt it all!” panted Cavor.

  “Nonsense,” I cried. “It was that or death!”
  “What are we to do?”

  “Hide.”

  “How can we?”

  “It’s dark enough.”

  “But where?”

  “Up one of these side caverns.”

  “And then?”

  “Think.”

  “Right—come on.”

  We strode on, and presently came to a radiating
dark cavern. Cavor was in front. He hesitated,
and chose a black mouth that seemed to promise
good hiding. He went towards it and turned.

  “It’s dark,” he said.

  “Your legs and feet will light us. You’re wet
with that luminous stuff.”

 “But-”

  A tumult of sounds, and in particular a sound
like a clanging gong, advancing up the main tunnel,
became audible. It was horribly suggestive of a
tumultuous pursuit. We made a bolt for the unlit
side cavern forthwith. As we ran along it our way
was lit by the irradiation of Cavor’s legs. “It’s
lucky,” I panted, “they took off our boots, or we
should fill this place with clatter.” On we rushed,
taking as small steps as we could to avoid striking
the roof of the cavern. After a time we seemed
to be gaining on the uproar. It became muffled, it
dwindled, it died away.

  I stopped and looked back, and I heard the pad,
pad of Cavor’s feet receding. Then he stopped also.
“Bedford,” he whispered; “there’s a sort of light
in front of us.”

  I looked, and at first could see nothing. Then I
perceived his head and shoulders dimly outlined
against a fainter darkness. I saw, also, that this
mitigation of the darkness was not blue, as all the
other light within the moon had been, but a pallid
gray, a very vague, faint white, the daylight colour.
Cavor noted this difference as soon, or sooner, than

I did, and I think too, that it filled him with much
the same wild hope.

  “Bedford,” he whispered, and his voice trembled.

“That light—it is possible-”

  He did not dare to say the thing he hoped. Then
came a pause. Suddenly I knew by the sound of
his feet that he was striding towards that pallor.
I followed him with a beating heart.

CHHAPTER XVI

Points of View

THE light grew stronger as we advanced. In
a little time it was nearly as strong as the
phosphorescence on Cavor’s legs. Our tunnel
was expanding into a cavern, and this new light
was at the farther end of it. I perceived something
that set my hopes leaping and bounding.

  “Cavor,” I said, “it comes from above! I am
certain it comes from above!”

  He made no answer, but hurried on.

  Indisputably it was a gray light, a silvery light.
In another moment we were beneath it.. It
filtered down through a chink in the walls of the
cavern, and as I stared up, drip, came a drop of
water upon my face. I started and stood aside—
drip, fell another drop quite audibly on the rocky
floor.

  “Cavor,” I said, “if one of us lifts the other, he
can reach that crack!”

  “I’ll lift you,” he said, and incontinently hoisted
me as though I was a baby.

  I thrust an arm into the crack, and just at my
finger tips found a little ledge by which I could
hold. I could see the white light was very much
brighter now. I pulled myself up by two fingers
with scarcely an effort, though on earth I weigh
twelve stone, reached to a still higher corner of
rock, and so got my feet on the narrow ledge. I
stood up and searched up the rocks with my fingers;
the cleft broadened out upwardly. “It’s climb-
able,” I said to Cavor. “Can you jump up to my
hand if I hold it down to you?”

  I wedged myself between the sides of the cleft,
rested knee and foot on the ledge, and extended a
hand. I could not see Cavor, but I could hear the
rustle of his movements as he crouched to spring.
Then whack and he was hanging to my arm—and
no heavier than a kitten! I lugged him up until
he had a hand on my ledge, and could release me.

  “Confound it!” I said, “any one could be a
mountaineer on the moon;” and so set myself in
earnest to the climbing. For a few minutes I
clambered steadily, and then I looked up again.
The cleft opened out steadily, and the light was

brighter. Only-

  It was not daylight after all!

  In another moment I could see what it was, and
at the sight I could have beaten my head against
the rocks with disappointment. For I beheld
simply an irregularly sloping open space, and all
over its slanting floor stood a forest of little club-
shaped fungi, each shining gloriously with that
pinkish silvery light. For a moment I stared at
their soft radiance, then sprang forward and up-
ward among them. I plucked up half a dozen and
932

AMAZING STORIES

flung them against the rocks, and then sat down,
laughing bitterly, as Cavor’s ruddy face came into
view.

“It’s phosphorescence again!” I said. “No need
to hurry. Sit down and make yourself at home.”
And as he spluttered over our disappointment,
I began to lob more of these growths into the cleft.
“I thought it was daylight,” he said.

  "Daylight!” cried I. “Daybreak, sunset, clouds,
and windy skies! Shall we ever see such things
again?"

  As I spoke, a little picture of our world seemed
to rise before me, bright and little and clear, like
the background of sqme old Italian picture. “The
sky that changes, and the sea that changes, and the
hills and the green trees and the towns and cities
shining in the sun. Think of a wet roof at sunset,
Cavor! Think of the windows of a westward
house!” He made no answer.

  “Here we are burrowing in this beastly w6rld
that isn’t a world, with its inky ocean hidden in
some abominable blackness below, and outside that
torrid day and that death stillness of night. And
all those things that are chasing us now, beastly
men of leather—insect men, that come out of a
nightmare! After all, they’re right! What business
have we here smashing them and disturbing their
world! For all we know the whole planet is up
and after us already. In a minute we may hear
them whimpering, and their gongs going. What are
we to do? Where are we to go? Here we are as
comfortable as snakes from Jamrach’s loose in a
Surbiton villa!”

  “It was your fault,” said Cavor.

  “My fault!” I shouted. “Good Lord!”

  “I had an idea!”

  “Curse your ideas!”

  “If we had refused to budge—

  “Under these goads?"

  “Yes. They would have carried us!”

  “Over that bridge?”

  “Yes. They must have carried us from outside.”
  “I’d rather be carried by a fly across a ceiling.”
  “Good Heavens!”

  I resumed my destruction of the fungi. Then
suddenly I saw something that struck me even
then.

  “Cavor,” I said, “these chains are of gold!”

  He was thinking intently, with his hands gripping
his cheeks. He turned his head slowly and stared
at me, and when I had repeated my words, at the
twisted chain about his right hand. “So they are,”
he said, “so they are.” His face lost its transitory
interest even as he looked. He hesitated for a
moment, then went on with his interrupted medita-
tion. I sat for a space puzzling over the fact that
I had only just observed this, until I considered the
blue light in which we had been, and which had
taken all the colour out of the metal. And from
that discovery I also started upon a train of thought
that carried me wide and far. I forgot that I had
just been asking what business we had in the
moon. Gold—-—

  It was Cavor who spoke first. “It seems to me
that there are two courses open to us.”

  “Well?”

 "Either we can attempt to make our way—fight
 our way if necessary—out to the exterior again,
 and then hunt for our sphere until we find it, or-

 the cold of the night comes to kill us, or else-”

 He paused. "Yes?” I said, though I knew what
 was coming.

 “We might attempt once more to establish some
 sort of understanding with the minds of the people
 in the moon.”

 “So far as I'm concerned—it’s the first.”

 “I doubt."

 “I don’t.”

 “You see,” said Cavor, “I do not think we can
 judge the Selenites by what we have seen of them.
 Their central world, their civilised world will be
 far below in the profounder caverns about their
 sea. This region of the crust in which we are is an
 outlying district, a pastoral region. At any rate,
 that is my interpretation. These Selenites we have
 seen may be only the equivalent of cowboys and
 engine-tenders. Their use of goads—in all proba-
 bility mooncalf goads—the lack of imagination they
 show in expecting us to be able to do just what they
 can do, their indisputable brutality, all seem to
 point to something of that sort. But if we en-
 dured-”

 “Neither of us could endure a six-inch plank
 across the bottomless pit for very long.”

 “No,” said Cavor; “but then-”

 “I won’t,” I said.

 He discovered a new line of possibilities. “Well,
 suppose we got ourselves into some corner, where
 we could defend ourselves against these hinds and
 labourers. If, for example, we could hold out for
 a week or so, it is probable that the news of our
 appearance would filter down to the more intelligent
 and populous parts—r-r-”

 "If they exist.”

 “They must exist, or whence came those tre-
 mendous machines?”

 “That’s possible, but it’s the worst of the two
 chances.”

 “We might write up inscriptions on walls-

 “How do we know their eyes would see the sort
 of marks we made?”

 "If we cut them—-—”

 “That’s possible, of course."

 I took up a new thread of thought. “After all,”

 I said, “I suppose you don’t think these Selenites
 so infinitely wiser than men.”

 "They must know a lot more—or at least a lot of
 different things.”

 “Yes, but-” I hesitated.

 “I think you’ll quite admit, Cavor, that you’re
 rather an exceptional man.”

 “How?”

 “Well, you—you’re a rather lonely man—have
 been, that is. You haven’t married.”

 “Never wanted to. But why-?"

 “And you never grew richer than you happened
 to be?”

 “Never wanted that either.”

 “You’ve just rooted after knowledge?”

 “Well, a certain curiosity is natural-”

 “You think so. That’s just it. You think every
 other mind wants to ftnow. I remember once, when
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

933

I asked you why you conducted all these researches,
you said you wanted your F.R.S., and to have the
stuff called Cavorite, and things like that. You
know perfectly well you didn’t do it for that;
but at the time my question took you by surprise,
and you felt you ought to have something to look
like a motive. Really you conducted researches be-
cause you had to. It’s your twist.”

 “Perhaps it is-”

  “It isn’t one man in a million has that twist.
Most men want—well, various things, but very few
want knowledge for its own sake. I don’t, I know
perfectly well. Now, these Selenites seem to be a
driving, busy sort of being, but how do you know
that even the most intelligent will take an interest
in us or our world ? I don’t believe they’ll even know
we have a world. They never come out at night
—they’d freeze if they did. They’ve probably never
seen any heavenly body at all except the blazing
sun. How are they to know there is another world?
What does it matter to them if they do? Well,
even if they have had a glimpse of a few stars, or
even of the earth crescent, what of that? Why
should people living inside a planet trouble to ob-
serve that sort of thing? Men wouldn’t have done
it except for the seasons and sailing; why should
the moon people? ....

     “Well, suppose there are a few philosophers like
yourself. They are just the very Selenites who’ll
never have heard of our existence. Suppose a Sele-
nite had dropped on the earth when you were at
Lympne, you’d have been the last man in the world
to hear he had come. You never read a newspaper!
You see the chances against you. Well, it’s for
these chances we’re sitting here doing nothing while
precious time is flying. I tell you we’ve got into
a fix. We’ve come unarmed, we’ve lost our sphere,
we’ve got no food, we’ve shown ourselves to the
Selenites, and made them think we’re strange,
strong, dangerous animals; and unless these Sele-
nites are perfect fools, they’ll set about now and
hunt us till they find us, and when they find us
they’ll try to take us if they can, and kill us if they
can’t, and that’s the end of the matter. If they
take us, they’ll probably kill us, through some mis-
understanding. After we’re done for, they may dis-
cuss us perhaps, but we shan’t get much fun out of
that.”

  “Go on.”

  “On the other hand, here’s gold knocking about
like cast iron at home. If only we can get some of
it back, if only we can find our sphere again before
they do, and get back, then-”

  “Yes?”

  "We might put the thing on a sounder footing.
Come back in a bigger sphere with guns.”

  “Good Lord!” cried Cavor, as though that was
horrible.

  I shied another luminous fungus down the cleft.

  “Look here, Cavor,” I said, “I’ve half the voting
power anyhow in this affair, and this is a case for
a practical man. I’m a practical man, and you are
not. I’m not going to trust to Selenites and
geometrical diagrams again, if I can help it. . . .
That’s all. Get back. Drop all this secrecy—or
most of it. And come again.”

  He reflected. “When I came to the moon,” he
said, “I ought to have come alone.”

  “The question before the meeting,” I said, “Is
how to get back to the earthly sphere.”

  For a time we nursed our knees in silence. Then
he seemed to decide for my reasons.

  “I think,” he said, “one can get data. It is
clear that while the sun is on this side of the moon
the air will be blowing through this planet sponge
from the dark side hither. On this side, at any rate,
the air will be expanding and flowing out of the
moon caverns into the craters. . . . Very well,
there’s a draught here.”

  “So there is.”

  “And that means that this is not a dead end;
somewhere behind us this cleft goes on and up.
The draught is blowing up, and that is the way we
have to go. If we try to get up any sort of
chimney or gully there is, we shall not only get out
of these passages where they are hunting for
us-”

  “But suppose the gully is too narrow?”

  “We’ll come down again.”

  “Ssh!” I said suddenly; “what’s that?”

  We listened. At first it was an indistinct mur-
mur, and then one picked out the clang of a gong.
“They must think we are mooncalves,” said I, “to
be frightened at that.”

  “They’re coming along that passage,” said
Cavor.

  “They must be.”

  “They’ll not think of the cleft. They’ll go past.”
I listened again for a space. “This time,” I
whispered, “they’re likely to have some sort of
weapon.”

  Then suddenly I sprang to my feet. “Good hea-
vens, Cavor!” I cried. “But they will'. They’ll
see the fungi I have been pitching down.

They’ll-1”

  I didn’t finish my sentence. I turned about and
made a leap over the fungus tops towards the upper
end of the cavity. I saw that the space turned up-
ward and became a draughty cleft again, ascending
to impenetrable darkness. I was about to clamber
up into this, and then with a happy inspiration
turned back.

  "What are you doing?” asked Cavor.

  “Go on!” said I, and went back and got two of
the shining fungi, and putting one into the breast
pocket of my flannel jacket, so that it stuck out
to light our climbing, went back with the other for
Cavor. The noise of the Selenites was now so loud
that it seemed they must be already beneath the
cleft. But it might be they would have difficulty
in clambering into it, or might hesitate to ascend
it against our possible resistance. At any rate, we
now had the comforting knowledge of the enormous
muscular superiority our birth in another planet
gave us. In another minute I was clambering with
gigantic vigour after Cavor’s blue-lit heels.

CHAPTER XVII
The Fight in the Cave of the Moon Butchers

I DO not know how far we clambered before we
came to the grating. It may be we ascended
only a few hundred feet; but at the time it
934

AMAZING STORIES

seemed to me we might have hauled and jammed
and hopped and wedged ourselves through a mile
or more of vertical ascent. Whenever I recall that
time, there comes into my head the heavy clank of
our golden chains that followed every movement.
Very soon my knuckles and knees were raw, and
I had a bruise on one cheek. After a time the first
violence of our efforts diminished, and our move-
ments became more deliberate and less painful. The
noise of the pursuing Selenites had died away al-
together. It seemed almost as though they had
not traced us up the crack after all, in spite of
the tell-tale heap of broken fungi, that must have
lain beneath it. At times the eleft narrowed so
much that we could scarce squeeze up it; at other
times it expanded into great cavities, studded with
prickly crystals, or thickly beset with dull, shining
fungoid pimples. Sometimes it twisted spirally,
and at other times slanted down nearly to the
horizontal direction. Ever and again there was
the intermittent drip and trickle of water by us.
Once or twice it seemed to us that small living
things had rustled out of- our reach, but what they
were we never saw. They may have been venomous
beasts for all I know, but they did us no harm, and
we were now tuned to a pitch when a weird creep-
ing thing more or less mattered little. And at last,
far above, came the familiar bluish light again,
and then we saw that it filtered through a grating
that barred our way.

  We whispered as we pointed this out to one
another, and became more and more cautious in
our ascent. Presently we were close under the
grating, and by pressing my face against its bars
I could see a limited portion of the cavern beyond.
It was clearly a large space, and lit no doubt by
some rivulet of the same blue light that we had
seen flow from the beating machinery. An inter-
mittent trickle of water dropped ever and again
between the bars near my face.

  My first endeavour was naturally to see what
might be upon the floor of the cavern, but our
grating lay in a depression whose rim hid all this
from our eyes. Our foiled attention then fell back
upon the suggestion of the various sounds we heard,
and presently my eye caught a number of faint
shadows that played across the dim roof far over-
head.

  Indisputably there were several Selenites, per-
haps a considerable number, in this space, for we
could hear the noises of their intercourse, and faint
sounds that I identified as their footfalls. There
was also a succession of regularly repeated sounds
—chid, chid, chid—which began and ceased, sug-
gestive of a knife or spade hacking at some soft
substance. Then came a clank as if of chains, a
whistle and a rumble as of a truck running over a
hollowed place, and then again that chid, chid, chid
resumed. The shadows told of shapes that moved
quickly and rhythmically, in agreement with that
regular sound, and rested when it ceased.

  We put our heads close together, and began to
discuss these things in noiseless whispers.

  “They are occupied,” I said, “they are occupied
in some way.”

  “Yes."

   "They’re not seeking us, or thinking about us.”

   "Perhaps they have not heard of us."

  “Those others are hunting about below. If
 suddenly we appeared here-”

   We looked at one another.

   “There might be a chance to parley,” said Cavor.

   "No,” I said. “Not as we are.”

   For a space we remained, each occupied by his
 own thoughts.

   Chid, chid, chid went the chopping, and the
 shadows moved to and fro.

   I	looked at the grating. “It’s flimsy,” I said.
 “We might bend two of the bars and crawl
 through.”

   We wasted a little time in vague discussion.

 _\Then I took one of the bars in both hands, and
 got my feet up against the rock until they were
 almost on a level with my head, and so thrust
 against the bar. It bent so suddenly that I almost
 slipped. I clambered about and bent the adjacent
 bar in the opposite direction, and then took the
 luminous fungus from my pocket and dropped it
 down the fissure.

   “Don’t do anything hastily,” whispered Cavor,
 as I twisted myself up through the opening I had
 enlarged. I had a glimpse of busy figures as I
 came through the grating, and immediately bent
 down, so that the rim of the depression in which
 the grating lay hid me from their eyes, and so lay
 flat, signalling advice to Cavor as he also prepared
 to come through. Presently we were side by side
 in the depression, peering over the edge at the
 cavern and its occupants.

   It was a much larger cavern than we had sup-
 posed from our first glimpse of it, and we looked
 up from the lowest portion of its sloping floor. It
 widened out as it receded from us, and its roof
 came down and hid the remoter portion altogether.
 And lying in a line along its length, vanishing at
 last far away in that tremendous perspective, were
 a number of huge shapes, huge pallid hulls, upon
 which the Selenites were busy. At first they seemed
 big white cylinders of vague import. Then I noted
 the heads upon them lying towards us, eyeless and
 skinless like the heads of sheep at a butcher’s, and
 perceived they were the carcasses of mooncalves
 being cut up, much as the crew of a whaler might
 cut up a moored whale. They were cutting off the
 flesh in strips, and on some of the farther trunks
 the white ribs were showing. It was the sound of
 their hatchets that made that chid, chid. Some
 distance away a thing like a trolley cable, drawn
 and loaded with chunks of lax meat, was running
 up the slope of the cavern floor. This enormous
 long avenue of hulls that were destined to be food,
 gave us a sense of the vast populousness of the
 moon-world second only to the effect of our first
 glimpse down the shaft.

   It seemed to me at first that the Selenites must
 be standing on trestle-supported planks,1 and then
 I saw that the planks and supports and their
 hatchets were really of the same leaden hue as my

    II	do not remember seeing any wooden things on the moon; doors,
  tables, everything corresponding to our terrestrial joinery was made
  of metal, and I believe for the most part of gold, which as a metal
  would, of course, naturally recommend itself—other^ things being equal
  —on account of the case ia working it, and its toughness and
  durability.
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

935

 fetters bad seemed before white light came to bear
 on them. A number of very thick-looking crow-
 bars lay about the floor, and had apparently assisted
 to turn the dead mooncalf over on its side. They
 were perhaps six feet long, with shaped handles,
 very tempting-looking weapons. The whole place
 was lit by three transverse streams of the blue
 fluid.

  We lay for a long time noting all these things in
silence. “Well?” said Cavor at last.

  I crouched lower and turned to him. I had come
upon a brilliant idea. “Unless they lowered those
bodies by a crane,” I said, “we must be nearer the
surface than I thought.”

  “Why?”

  “The mooncalf doesn’t hop, and it hasn’t got
wings.”

  He peered over the edge of the hollow again.
“I wonder now . . he began. “After all, we
have never gone far from the surface-”

  I stopped him by a grip on his arm. I had heard
a noise from the cleft below us!

  We twisted ourselves about, and lay as still as
death with every sense alert. In a little while I
did not doubt that something was quietly ascend-
ing the cleft. Very slowly and quite noiselessly I
assured myself of a good grip on my chain, and
waited for that something to appear.

   “Just look at those chaps with the hatchets again,”
I said.

  “They’re all right,” said Cavor.

  I took a sort of provisional aim at the gap in the
grating. I could hear now quite distinctly the soft
twittering of the ascending Selenites, the dab of
their hands against the rocks, and the falling of dust
from their grips as they clambered.

  Then I could see that there was something mov-
ing dimly in the blackness below the grating, but
what it might be I could not distinguish. The whole
thing seemed to hang fire just for a moment—then
smash! I had sprung to my feet, struck savagely
at something that had flashed out at me. It was
the keen point of a spear. I have thought since
that its length in the narrowness of the cleft must
have prevented its being sloped to reach me. Any-
how, it shot out from the grating like the tongue
of a snake, and missed and flew back and flashed
again. But the second time I snatched and caught
it, and wrenched it away, but not before another
had darted ineffectually at me.

  I shouted with triumph as I felt the hold of the
Selenite resist my pull for a moment and give, and
then I was jabbing down through the bars, amidst
squeals from the darkness, and Cavor had snapped
off the other spear, and was leaping and flourishing
it beside me, and making inefficient jabs. Clang,
clang, came up through the grating, and then an
axe hurtled through the air and whacked against
the rocks beyond, to remind me of the fleshers at
the carcasses up the cavern.

  I turned, and they were all coming towards us
in open order waving their axes. They were short,
thick, little beggars, with long arms, strikingly
different from the ones we had seen before. If they
had not heard of us before, they must have realised
the situation with incredible swiftness. I stared

at them for a moment, spear in hand. “Guard that
grating, Cavor,” I cried, howled to intimidate them,
and rushed to meet them. Two of them missed
with their hatchets, and the rest fled incontinently.
Then the two also were sprinting away up the
cavern, with hands clenched and heads down. I
never saw men run like them!

  I knew the spear I had was no good for me. It
was thin and flimsy, only effectual for a thrust, and
too long for a quick recover. So I only chased
the Selenites as far as the first carcass, and stopped
there and picked up one of the crowbars that were
lying about. It felt comfortingly heavy, and equal
to smashing any number of Selenites. I threw away
my spear, and picked up a second crowbar for the
other hand. I felt five times better than I had
with the spear. I shook the two threateningly at
the Selenites, who had come to a halt in a little
crowd far away up the cavern, and then turned
about to look at Cavor.

  He was leaping from side to side of the grating,
making threatening jabs with his broken spear.
That was all right. It would keep the Selenites
down—for a time at any rate. I looked up the
cavern again. What on earth were we going to do
now?

  We were cornered in a sort of way already. But
these butchers up the cavern had been surprised,
they were probably scared, and they had no special
weapons, only those little hatchets of theirs. And
that way lay escape. Their sturdy little forms—
ever so much shorter and thicker than the moon-
calf herders—were scattered up the slope in a way
that was eloquent of indecision. I had the moral
advantage of a mad bull in a street. But for all
that, there seemed a tremendous crowd of them.
Very probably there was. Those Selenites down
the cleft had certainly some infernally long spears.
It might be they had other surprises for us. . . .
But, confound it! if we charged up the cave we
should let them up behind us, and if we didn’t those
little brutes up the cave would probably get rein-
forced. Heaven alone knew what tremendous
engines of warfare—'guns, bombs, terrestrial tor-
pedoes—this unknown world below our feet, this
vaster world of which we had only pricked the outer
cuticle, might not presently send up to our destruc-
tion. It became clear that the only thing to do was
to charge! It became clearer as the legs of a num-
ber of fresh Selenites appeared running down the
cavern towards us.

  "Bedford!” cried Cavor, and behold! he was half-
way between me and the grating.

  “Go back!” I cried. “What are you doing—

  “They’ve got—it’s like a gun!”

  And struggling in the grating between those de-
fensive spears appeared the head and shoulders of
a singularly lean and angular Selenite, bearing some
complicated apparatus.

  I realised Cavor’s utter incapacity for the fight
we had in hand. For a moment I hesitated. Then
I rushed past him whirling my crowbars, and shout-
ing to confound the aim of the Selenite. He was
aiming in the queerest way with the thing against
his stomach. “Chxizz!” The thing wasn’t a gun;
936

AMAZING STORIES

it went off like a cross-bow more, and dropped me
in the middle of a leap.

  I didn’t fall down, I simply came down a little
shorter than I should have done if I hadn’t been
hit, and from the feel of my shoulder the thing
might have tapped me and glanced off. Then my
left hand hit the shaft again and I perceived there
was a sort of spear sticking half through my
shoulder. The moment after I got home with the
crowbar in my right hand, and hit the Selenite fair
and square. He collapsed—he crushed and crumpled
—his head smashed like an egg.

  I dropped a crowbar, pulled the spear out of my
shoulder, and began to jab it down the grating into
the darkness. At each jab came a shriek and
twitter. Finally I hurled the spear down upon
them with all my strength, leapt up, picked up
the crowbar again, and started for the multitude
up the cavern.

  “Bedford!” cried Cavor. “Bedford!” as I flew
past him.

  I seem to remember his footsteps coming on
behind me.

  Step, leap . . . whack, step, leap. . . . Each
leap seemed to last ages. With each, the cave
opened out and the number of Selenites visible
increased. At first they seemed all running about
like ants in a disturbed ant-hill, one or two waving
hatchets and coming to meet me, more running
away, some bolting sideways into the avenue of
carcasses, then presently others came in sight
carrying spears, and then others. I saw a most
extraordinary thing, all hands and feet, bolting for
cover. The cavern grew darker farther up. Flick!
something flew over my head. Flick! As I soared
in mid-stride I saw a spear hit and quiver in one of
the carcasses to my left. Then, as I came down,
one hit the ground before me, and I heard the
remote chuzz! with which their things were fired.
Flick, flick! for a moment it was a shower. They
were volleying!

  I stopped dead.

  I don’t think I thought clearly then. I seem to
remember a kind of stereotyped phrase running
through my mind: “Zone of fire, seek cover!” I
know I made a dash for the space between two of
the carcasses, and stood there panting and feeling
very wicked.

  I looked round for Cavor, and for a moment it
seemed as if he had vanished from the world. Then
he came out of the darkness between the row of
the carcasses and the rocky wall of the cavern.
I saw his little face, dark and blue, and shining
with perspiration and emotion.

  He was saying something, but what it was I did
not heed. I had realised that we might work from
mooncalf to mooncalf up the cave until we were
near enough to charge home. It was charge or
nothing. “Come on!” I said, and led the way.

  “Bedford!” he cried unavailingly.

  My mind was busy as we went up that narrow
alley between the dead bodies and the wall of the
cavern. The rocks curved about—they could not
enfilade us. Though in that narrow space we could
not leap, yet with our earth-born strength we were
still able to go very much faster than the -Selenites.

 I reckoned we should presently come right among
 them. Once we were on them, they would be nearly
 as formidable as black beetles. Only!—there would
 first of all be a volley. I thought of a stratagem.
 I whipped off my flannel jacket as I ran.

   “Bedford!” panted Cavor behind me.

   I glanced back, “What?” said I.

   He was pointing upward over the carcasses.

   “White light!” he said. “White light again!”

   I looked, and it was even so, a faint white ghost
 of twilight in the remoter cavern roof. That seemed
 to give me double strength.

   “Keep close,” I said. A flat, long Selenite dashed
 out of darkness, and squealed and fled. I halted,
 and stopped Cavor with my hand. I hung my jacket
 over my crowbar, ducked round the next carcass,
 dropped jacket and crowbar, showed myself, and
 darted back.

  “Chuzz—flick,” just one arrow came. We were
close on the Selenites, and they were standing in a
crowd, broad, short, and tall together, with a little
battery of their shooting implements pointing down
the cave. Three or four other arrows followed the
first, and then their fire ceased.

   I stuck out my head, and escaped by a hair’s-
 . breadth. This time I drew a dozen shots or more,
 and heard the Selenites shouting and twittering as
 if with excitement as they shot. I picked up jacket
 and crowbar again.

   “Now!” said I, and thrust out the jacket.

  “Chuzz-zz-zz-zz! Chuzz! In an instant my
jacket had grown a thick beard of arrows, and they
were quivering all over the carcass behind us.
Instantly I slipped the crowbar out of the jacket,
dropped the jacket—for all I know to the contrary
it is lying up there in the moon now—and rushed
out upon them.

   For a minute perhaps it was massacre. I was too
 fierce to discriminate, and the Selenites were prob-
 ably too scared to fight. At any rate they made
 no sort of fight against me. I saw scarlet, as the
 saying is. I remember I seemed to be wading
 among those leathery, thin things as a man wades
 through tall grass, mowing and hitting, first right,
 then left; smash, smash. Little drops of moisture
 flew about. I trod on things that crushed and piped
 and went slippery. The crowd seemed to open and
 close and flow like water. They seemed to have no
 combined plan whatever. Spears flew about me. I was
 grazed over the ear by one. I was stabbed once in
 the arm and once in the cheek, but I only found that
 out afterwards, when the blood had had time to
 run and cool and feel wet.

  What Cavor did I do not know. For a space
it seemed that this fighting had lasted for an age,
and must needs go on for ever. Then suddenly it
was all over, and there was nothing to be seen but
the backs of heads bobbing up and down as their
owners ran in all directions. ... I seemed alto-
gether unhurt. I ran forward some paces, shouting,
then turned about. I was amazed.

   I had come right through them in vast flying
 strides, they were all behind me, and running hither
 and thither to hide.

   I felt an enormous astonishment at the evapora-
 tion of the great fight into which I had hurled
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

937

 myself, and not a little of exultation. It did not
 seem to me that I had discovered the Selenites were
 unexpectedly flimsy, but that I was unexpectedly
 strong. I laughed stupidly. This fantastic moon!

  I glanced for a moment at the smashed and
writhing bodies that were scattered over the cavern
floor, with a vague idea of further violence, then
hurried on after Cavor.

CHAPTER XVIII

In the Sunlight

PRESENTLY we saw that the cavern before us
opened on a hazy void. In another moment
we had emerged upon a sort of slanting
gallery, that projected into a vast circular space, a
huge cylindrical pit running vertically up and down.
Round this pit the slanting gallery ran without
any parapet or protection for a turn and a half, and
then plunged high above into the rock again. Some-
how it reminded me then of one of those spiral
turns of the railway through the Saint Gothard.
It was all tremendously huge. I can scarcely hope
to convey to you the Titanic proportion of all that
place, the Titanic effect of it. Our eyes followed up
the vast declivity of the pit wall, and overhead and
far above we beheld a round opening set with faint
Btars, and half of the lip about it well-nigh blinding
with the white light of the sun. At that we cried
aloud simultaneously.

  “Come on!” I said, leading the way.

  “But there?” said Cavor, and very carefully
stepped nearer the edge of the gallery. I followed
his example, and craned forward and looked down,
but I was dazzled by that gleam of light above, and
I could see only a bottomless darkness with spectral
patches of crimson and purple floating therein. Yet
if I could not see, I could hear. Out of this dark-
ness came a sound, a sound like the angry hum
one can hear if one puts one’s ear outside a hive of
bees, a sound out of that enormous hollow, it may
be, four miles beneath our feet. . . .

  For a moment I listened, then tightened my grip
on my crowbar, and led the way up the gallery.

  “This must be the shaft we looked down upon,”
said Cavor. “Under that lid.”

“And below there, is where we saw the lights.”

  “The lights!” said he. “Yes—the lights of the
world that now we shall never see.”

  “We’ll come back,” I said, for now we had escaped
so much I was rashly sanguine that we should re-
cover the sphere.

  His answer I did not catch.

  “Eh?” I asked.

  “It doesn’t matter,” he answered, and we hurried
on in silence.

  I suppose that slanting lateral way was four or
five miles long, allowing for its curvature, and it
ascended at a slope that would have made it almost
impossibly steep on earth, but which one strode up
easily under lunar conditions. We saw only two
Selenites during all that portion of our flight, and
directly they became aware of us they ran head-
long. It was clear that the knowledge of our
strength and violence had reached them. Our way
to the exterior was unexpectedly plain. The spiral

gallery straightened into a steeply ascendent tunnel,
its floor bearing abundant traces of the mooncalves,
and so straight and short in proportion to its vast
arch, that no part of it was absolutely dark. Almost
immediately it began to lighten, and then far off
and high up, and quite blindingly brilliant, appeared
its opening on the exterior, a slope of Alpine steep-
ness surmounted by a crest of bayonet shrub, tall
and broken down now, and dry and dead, in spiky
silhouette against the sun.

  And it is strange that we men, to whom this very
vegetation had seemed so weird and horrible a
little time ago, should now behold it with the
emotion a home-coming exile might feel at sight of
his native land. We welcomed even the rareness
of the air that made us pant as we ran, and which
rendered speaking no longer the easy thing that it
had been, but an effort to make oneself heard.
Larger grew the sunlit circle above us, and larger,
and all the nearer tunnel sank into a rim of indis-
tinguishable black. We saw the dead bayonet
shrub no longer with any touch of green in it, but
brown and dry and thick, and the shadow of its
upper branches high out of sight made a densely
interlaced pattern upon the tumbled rocks. And
at the immediate mouth of the tunnel was a wide
trampled space where the mooncalves had come
and gone.

  We came out upon this space at last into a light
and heat that hit and pressed upon us. We traversed
the exposed area painfully, and clambered up a
slope among the scrub stems, and sat down at last
panting in a high place beneath the shadow of a
mass of twisted lava. Even in the shade the rock
felt hot.

  The air was intensely hot, and we were in great
physical discomfort, but for all that, we were no
longer in a nightmare. We seemed to have come
to our own province again, beneath the stars. All
the fear and stress of our flight through the dim
passages and fissures below had fallen from us.
That last fight had filled us with an enormous con-
fidence in ourselves so far as the Selenites were
concerned. We looked back almost incredulously
at the black opening from which we had just
emerged. Down there it was, in a blue glow that
now in our memories seemed the next thing to
absolute darkness, we had met with things like
mad mockeries of men, helmet-headed creatures,
and had walked in fear before them, and had
submitted to them until we could submit no longer.
And behold, they had smashed like wax and
scattered like chaff, and fled and vanished like the
creatures of a dream!

  I rubbed my eyes, doubting whether we had not
slept and dreamt these things by reason of the
fungus we had eaten, and suddenly discovered the
blood upon my face, and then that my shirt was
sticking painfully to my shoulder and arm.

  “Confound it!” I said, gauging my injuries with
an investigatory hand, and suddenly that distant
tunnel mouth became, as it were, a watching eye.

  “Cavor!” I said; “what are they going to do
now? And what are we going to do?”

  He shook his head, with his eyes fixed upon the
tunnel. “How can one tell what they will do?”
938

AMAZING STORIES

  “It depends on what they think of us, and I
don’t see how we can begin to guess that. And it
depends upon what they have in reserve. It’s as
you say, Cavor, we have touched the merest outside
of this world. They may have all sorts of things
inside here. Even with those shooting things they
might make it bad for us. . . .

  “Yet after all,” I said, “even if we don’t find the
sphere at once, there is a chance for us. We might
hold out. Even through the night. We might go
down there again and make a fight for it.”

  I stared about me with speculative eyes. The
character of the scenery had altered altogether by
reason of the enormous growth and subsequent
drying of the scrub. The crest on which we sat
was high, and commanded a wide prospect of the
crater landscape, and we saw it now all sere and
dry in the late autumn of the lunar afternoon. Ris-
ing one behind the other were long slopes and fields
of trampled brown where the mooncalves had
pastured, and far away in the full blaze of the sun
a drove of them basked slumberously, scattered
shapes, each with a blot of shadow against it like
sheep on the side of a down. But never a sign of a
Selenite was to be seen. Whether they had fled on
our emergence from the interior passages, or
whether they were accustomed to retire after driv-
ing out the mooncalves, I cannot guess. At the
time I believed the former was the case.

  “If we were to set fire to all this stuff,” I said,
“we might find the sphere among the ashes.”

  Cavor did not seem to hear me. He was peering
under his hand at the stars, that still, in spite of
the intense sunlight, were abundantly visible in
the sky? “How long do you think we have been
here?” he asked at last.

  “Been where?”

  “On the moon.”

  “Two earthly days, perhaps.”

  “More nearly ten. Do you know, the sun is
past its zenith, and sinking in the west. In four
days’ time or less it will be night.”

  “But—we’ve only eaten once!”

 “I know that. And- But there are the

Btars!”

  “But why should time seem different because we
are on a smaller planet?”

  “I don’t know. There it is!”

  “How does one tell time?”

  “Hunger—fatigue—all those things are different.
Everything is different—everything. To me it
seems that since first we came out of the sphere
has been only a question of hours—long hours—at
most.”

  “Ten days,” I said; “that leaves——” I looked
up at the sun for a moment, and then saw that it
was halfway from zenith to the western edge of
things. “Four days! . . . Cavor, we mustn’t sit
here and dream. How do you think we may begin?”
I stood up. “We must get a fixed point we can
recognize—we might hoist a flag, or a handkerchief,
or something-*—and quarter the ground, and work
round that.”

  He stood up beside me.

  ‘Yes,” he said, “there is nothing for it but to

hunt the sphere. Nothing. We may find it—

certainly we may find it. And if not-”

  “We must keep on looking.”

  He looked this way and that, glanced up at the
sky and down at the tunnel, and astonished me
by a sudden gesture of impatience. “Oh! but we
have done foolishly! To have come to this pass!
Think how it might have been, and the things we
might have done!”

  “We may do something yet.”

  “Never the thing we might have done. Here
below our feet is a world. Think of what that
world must be! Think of that machine we saw,
and the lid and the shaft! They were just remote
outlying things, and those creatures we have seen
and fought with no more than ignorant peasants,
dwellers in the outskirts, yokels and labourers half
akin to brutes. Down below! Caverns beneath
caverns, tunnels, structures, ways. ... It must
open out, and be greater and wider and more
populous as one descends. Assuredly. Right down
at last to the central sea that washes round the core
of the moon. Think of its inky waters under the
spare lights—if, indeed, their eyes need lights!
Think of the cascading tributaries pouring down
their channels to feed it! Think of the tides upon
its surface, and the rush and swirl of its ebb and
flow! Perhaps they have ships that go upon it,
perhaps down there are mighty cities and swarm-
ing ways, and wisdom and order passing the wit
of man. And we may die here upon it, and never
see the masters who must be—ruling over these
things! We may freeze and die here, and the air
will freeze and thaw upon us, and then—! Then
they will come upon us, come on our stiff and silent
bodies, and find the sphere we cannot find, and they
will understand at last too late all the thought and
effort that ended here in vain!”

  His voice for all that speech sounded like the
voice of some one heard in a telephone, weak and
far away.

   “But the darkness,” I said.

  “One might get over that.”

  “How?”

  “I don’t know. How am I to know? One might

carry a torch, one might have a lamp- The

others—might understand.”

  He stood for a moment with his hands held down
and a rueful face, staring out over the waste that
defied him. Then with a gesture of renunciation
he turned towards me with proposals for the
systematic hunting of the sphere.

   “We can return," I said.

X He looked about him. “First of all we shall have
to get to earth.”

  “We could bring back lamps to carry and climb-
ing irons, and a hundred necessary things."

   “Yes,” he said.

   “We can take back an earnest of success in this
gold.”

   He looked at my golden crowbars, and said noth-
ing for a space. He stood with his hands clasped
behind his back, staring across the crater. At last
he sighed and spoke. “It was / found the way here,
but to find a way isn’t always to be master of a
way. If I take my secret back to earth, what will
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON

939

happen? I do not see how I can keep my secret for
a year, for even a part of a year. Sooner or later
it must come out, even if other men rediscover it.
And then. . . . Governments and powers will
struggle to get hither, they will fight against one
another, and against these moon people; it will only
spread warfare and multiply the occasions of war.
In a little while, in a very little while, if I tell my
secret, this planet to its deepest galleries will be
strewn with human dead. Other things are doubt-
ful, but that is certain. ... It is not as though
man had any use for the moon. What good would
the moon be to men? Even of their own planet
what have they made but a battle-ground and
theatre of infinite folly? Small as his world is,
and short as his time, he has still in his little life
down there far more than he can do. No! Science
has toiled too long forging weapons for fools to use.
It is time she held her hand. Let him find it out
for himself again—in a thousand years’ time.”

  “There are methods of secrecy,” I said.

  He looked up at me and smiled. “After all,” he
said, “why should one worry ? There is little chance
of our finding the sphere, and down below things
are brewing. It’s simply the human habit of hop-
ing till we die that makes us think of return. Our
troubles are only beginning. We have shown these
moon folk violence, we have given them a taste of
our quality, and our chances are about as good as
a tiger’s that has got loose and killed a man in
Hyde Park. The news of us must be running down
from gallery to gallery, down towards the central
parts.'. . . No sane beings will ever let us taka
that sphere back to earth after so much as they
have seen of us.”

  “We aren’t improving our chances,” said I, “by
sitting here.”

  We stood up side by side.

  “After all,” he said, “we must separate. We must
stick up a handkerchief on these tall spikes here and
fasten it firmly, and from this as a centre we must
work over the crater. You must go westward,
moving out in semicircles to and fro towards the
setting sun. You must move first with your
shadow on your right until it is at right angles with
the direction of your handkerchief, and then with
your shadow on your left. And I will do the same to

the east. We will look into every gully, examine
every skerry of rocks; we will do all we can to
find my sphere. If we see the Selenites we will
hide from them as well as we can. For drink we
must take snow, and if we feel the need of food,
we must kill a mooncalf if we can, and eat such
flesh as it has—raw—and so each will go his own
way.”

  “And if one of us comes upon the sphere?”

  “He must come back to the white handkerchief,
and stand by it and signal to the other.”

  “And if neither-?”

  Cavor glanced up at the sun. “We go on seeking
until the night and cold overtake us.”

  “Suppose the Selenites have found the sphere and
hidden it?”

  He shrugged his shoulders.

  “Or if presently they come hunting us?”

  He made no answer.

  “You had better take a club,” I said.

  He shook his head, and stared away from me
across the waste.

  But for a moment he did not start. He looked
round at me shyly, hesitated. “Au revoir,” he said.

  I felt an odd stab of emotion. A sense of how
we had galled each other, and particularly how I
must have galled him, came to me. “Confound it,”
thought I, “we might have done better!” I was
on the point of asking him to shake hands—for
that, somehow, was how I felt just then—when
he put his feet together and leapt away from me
towards the north. He seemed to drift through the
air as a dead leaf would do, fell lightly, and leapt
again. I stood for a moment watching him, then
faced westward reluctantly, pulled myself together,
and with something of the feeling of a man who
leaps into icy water, selected a leaping point, and
plunged forward to explore my solitary half of the
moon world. I dropped rather clumsily among
rocks, stood up and looked about me, clambered
on to a rocky slab, and leapt again. . . .

  When presently I looked for Cavor he was hidden
from my eyes, but the handkerchief showed out
bravely on its headland, white in the blaze of the
sun.

  I determined not to lose sight of that handker-
chief whatever might betide.

                   End of Part II

C(

          NEXT MONTH

The Land That Time Forgot

        By EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS

>9

Cl ENTI FICTION has often been called dry and un-
. interesting, although it is instructive. But in the superb
story of "The Land That Time Forgot” we have one
of the most forceful stories ever written. For sheer
downright thrills, adventure, and good science, the book is hard
to match. The creator of Tarzan has no peer when it comes
to maintaining your interest in almost every line throughout

the entire book. Thrills, suspense, and breath-taking situations
seem to fairly tumble over each other. The editor read the
story through in two days, and since has reread it at least four
times at one time or another. It is unbelievable that any story
could be packed full of as many climaxes and hair-raising ex-
ploits as appear In this story.
bISa^-s
THE MAN WITH THE STRANGE HEAD

941

MAN in a gray hat stood half way down
the corridor, smoking a cigar and ap-
parently interested in my knocking and
waiting. I rapped again on the door of
Number 216 and waited some more, but
all remained silent. Finally my observer ap-
proached me.

  “I don’t believe it will do any good,” he said
“I’ve just been trying it. I would like to talk to
someone who is connected with Anstruther. Are
you?”

  “Only this.” I handed him a letter out of my
pocket without comment, as one is apt to do with
a thing that has caused one no little wonderment:
“Dear Doctor:” it said succinctly: “I have
been under the care of Dr. Faubourg who has
recently died. I would like to have you take
charge of me on a contract basis, and keep me
well, instead of waiting till I get sick. I can
pay you enough to make you independent, but
in return for that, you will have to accept an
astonishing revelation concerning me, and keep
it to yourself. If this seems acceptable to you,
call on me at 9 o’clock, Wednesday evening.
Josiah Anstruther, Room 216, Cornhusker
Hotel.”

  “If you have time,” said the man in the gray hat,
handing me back the letter, “come with me. My
name is Jerry Stoner, and I make a sort of living
writing for magazines. I live in 316, just above
here.”

  “By some curious architectural accident,” he con-
tinued, as we reached his room, “that ventilator
there enables me to hear minutely everything that
goes on in the room below. I haven’t ever said any-
thing about it during the several months that I’ve
lived here, partly because it does not disturb me, and
partly because it has begun to pique my curiosity—
a writer can confess to that, can he not? The man
below is quiet and orderly, but seems to work a
good deal on some sort of clockwork; I can hear it
whirring and clicking quite often. But listen
now!”

  Standing within a cou-
ple of feet of the opening HIJ Yllllii HBl
which was covered with
an iron grill, I could hear
footsteps. They were re-
gular, and would decrease
in intensity as the person
walked away from the
ventilator opening below,
and increase again as he
approached it; were interrupted for a moment as
he probably stepped on a rug; and were shorter
for two or three counts, no doubt as he turned at
the end of the room. This was repeated in a reg-
ular rhythm as long as I listened.

  “Well?” I said.

  “You perceive nothing strange about that, I sup-
pose,” said Jerry Stoner. “But if you had listened
all day long to just exactly that you would begin to
wonder. That is the way he was going on when I
awoke this morning; I was out from 10 to 11 this
forenoon. The rest of the time I have been writing
steadily, with an occasional stretch at the window,

 and all of the time I have heard steadily what you
 hear now, without interruption or change. It’s
 getting on my nerves.

    “I have called him on the phone, and have rung
 it on and off for twenty minutes; I could hear his
 bell through the ventilator, but he pays no attention
 to it. So, a while ago I tried to call on him. Do you
 know him?”

    “I know who he is,” I replied, “but do not remem-
  ber ever having met him.”

    “If you had ever met him you would remember.
 He has a queer head. I made my curiosity con-
 cerning the sounds from his room an excuse to cul-
 tivate his acquaintance. The cultivation was diffi-
 cult. He is courteous, but seemed afraid of me.”
 We agreed that there was not much that we could
 do about it. I gave up trying to keep my appoint-
 ment, told Stoner that I was glad I had met him,
 and went home. The next morning at seven he had
 me on the telephone.

    “Are you still interested?” he asked, and his
 voice was nervous. “That bird’s been at it all
 night. Come and help me talk to the hotel manage-
 ment.” I needed no urging.

    I found Beesley, the hotel manager, with Stoner;
 he was from St. Louis, and looked French.

    “He can do it if he wants to,” he said, shrugging
  his shoulders comically; “unless you complain of it
  as a disturbance.”

    “It isn’t that,” said Stoner; “there must be some-
  thing wrong with the man.”

   “Some form of insanity-” I suggested;

  “or a compulsion neurosis.”

    “That’s what I’ll be pretty soon,” Stoner said.

<„ “He is a queer gink anyway. As far as I have been
 able to find out, he has no close friends. There is
 something about his appearance that makes me
 shiver; his face is so wrinkled and droopy, and yet
 he sails about the streets with an unusually grace-
 ful and vigorous step. Loan me your pass key; I
 think I’m as close a friend of his as anyone.”

    Beesley lent the key, but Stoner was back in a
few minutes, shaking his head. Beesley was expect-
ing that; he told us that
“	when the hotel was built,

Anstruther had the doors
made of steel with special
bars, at his own expense,
and the windows shut-
tered, as though he were
afraid for his life.

“His rooms would be as
hard to break into as a
fort,” Beesley said as he left us; “and thus far we
do not have sufficient reason for wrecking the
hotel.”

    “Look here!” I said to Stoner; “it will take me a
  couple of hours to hunt up the stuff and string up
  a periscope; it’s an old trick I learned as a Boy
  Scout.”

    Between us we had it up in about that time; a
 radio aerial mast clamped on the window sill with
 mirrors at the top and bottom, and a telescope at
 our end of it, gave us a good view of the room be-
 low us. It was a sort of living room made by throw-
 ing together two of the regular sized hotel rooms.

 CJ ERE is one of the most fantastic bits of scientific-
 tion we have ever read. This is a story so strange
 and amazing that it will keep your interest until the end.

   You arc not permitted to know until at the very end
 what it is really all about, and you will follow the pro-
 ceedings with keen interest.
942

AMAZING STORIES

Anstruther was walking across it diagonally, dis-
appearing from our field of view at the further end,
and coming back again. His head hung forward on
his chest with a ghastly limpness. He was a big,
well-built man, with a vigorous stride. Always it
was -the same path. He avoided the small table in
the middle each time with exactly the same sort of
side step and swing. His head bumped limply as he
turned near the window and started back across the
room. For two hours we watched him in shivering
fascination, during which he walked with the same
hideous uniformity.

  “That makes thirty hours of this," said Stoner.
“Wouldn’t you say that there was something
wrong ?”

  We tried another consultation with the hotel
manager. As a physician, I advised that something
be done; that he be put in a hospital or something.
I was met with another shrug.

  “How will you get him? I still do not see suf-
ficient cause for destroying the hotel company’s
property. It will take dynamite to get at him.”

  He agreed, however, to a consultation with the'
police, and in response to our telephone call, the
great, genial chief, Peter John Smith was soon sit-
ting with us. He advised us against breaking in.

  “A man has a right to walk that way if he wants
to,” he said. “Here’s this fellow in the papers who
played the piano for 49 hours, and the police didn’t
stop him; and in Germany they practice making
public speeches for 18 hours at a stretch. And
there was this Olympic dancing fad some months
ago, where a couple danced for 57 hours.”

  “It doesn’t look right to me,” I said, shaking my
head. “There seems to be something wrong with
the man’s appearance; some uncanny disease of the
nervous system—Lord knows I’ve never heard of
anything that resembles it!”

  We decided to keep a constant watch. I had to
spend a little time on my patients, but Stoner and
the chief stayed, and agreed to call me if occasion
arose. I peeped through the periscope at the walk-
ing man several times during the next twenty-four
hours; and it was always exactly the same, the
hanging, bumping head, the uniformity of his
course, the uncanny, machine-like exactitude of his
movements. I spent an hour at a time with my eye
at the telescope studying his movements for some
variation, but was unable to be certain of any.
That afternoon I looked up my neurology texts,
but found no clues. The next day at 4 o’clock in
the afternoon, after not less than 55 hours of it, I
was there with Stoner to see the end of it; Chief
Peter John Smith was out.

  As we watched, we saw that he moved more and
more slowly, but with otherwise identical motions.
It had the effect of the slowed motion pictures of
dancers or athletes; or it seemed like some curious
dream; for as we watched, the sound of the steps
through the ventilator also slowed and weakened.
Then we saw him sway a little, and totter, as
though his balance were imperfect. He swayed a
few times and fell sidewise on the floor; we could
see one leg in the field of our periscope moving
slowly with the same movements as in walking, a

slow, dizzy sort of motion. In five more minutes
he was quite still.

  The Chief was up in a few moments in response
to our telephone call.

  “Now we’ve got to break in,” he said. Beesley
shrugged his shoulders and said nothing. Stoner
came to the rescue of the hotel property.

  “A small man could go down this ventilator.
This grill can be unscrewed, and the lower one can
be knocked out with a hammer; it is cast-iron.”

  Beesley was gone like a flash, and soon returned
with one of his window-washers, who was small and
wiry, and also a rope and hammer. We took off the
grill and held the rope as the man crawled in. He
shouted to us as he hit the bottom. The air drew
strongly downwards, but the blows of his hammer
on the grill came up to us. We hurried down-
stairs. Not a sound came through the door of 216,
and we waited for some minutes. Then there was a
rattle of bars and the door opened, and a gust of
cold wind struck us, with a putrid odor that made
us gulp. The man had evidently run to open a
window before coming to the door.

  Anstruther lay on his side, with one leg straight
and the other extended forward as in a stride; his
face was livid, sunken, hideous. Stoner gave him
a glance, and then scouted around the room—look-
ing for the machinery he had been hearing, but
finding none. The chief and I also went over the
rooms, but they were just conventional rooms,
rather colorless and lacking in personality. The
chief called an undertaker and also the coroner,
and arranged for a post-mortem examination. I
received permission to notify a number of pro-
fessional colleagues; I wanted some of them to
share in the investigation of this unusual case with
me. As I was leaving, I could not help noting the
astonished gasps of the undertaker’s assistants as
they lifted the body; but they were apparently too
well trained to say anything.

  That evening, a dozen physicians gathered around
the figure covered with a white sheet on the table
in the center of the undertaker’s work room. Stoner
was there; a writer may be anywhere he chooses.
The coroner was preparing to draw back the sheet.

  “The usual medical history is lacking in this
case,” he said. “Perhaps an account by Dr. B
or his author friend, of the curious circumtances
connected with the death of this man, may take its
place.”

  “I can tell a good deal,” said Stoner; “and I
think it will bear directly on what you find when
you open him up, even though it is not technical
medical stuff. Do you care to hear it?”

  "Tell it! Go on! Let’s have it!”

  “I have lived above him in the hotel for several
months,” Stoner began. “He struck me as a curious
person, and as I do some writing, all mankind is
my legitimate field for study. I tried to find out
all I could about him.

  “He has an office in the Little Building, and
did a rather curious business.. He dealt in vases
and statuary, book-ends and chimes, and things you
put around in rooms to make them look artistic. He
had men out buying the stuff, and others selling
it, all by personal contact and on a very exclusive
THE MAN WITH THE STRANGE HEAD

943

basis. He kept the stock in a warehouse near the
Rock Island tracks where they pass the Ball Park;
I do not believe that he ever saw any of it. He
just sat in the office and signed papers, and the
other fellows made the money; and apparently they
made a lot of it, for he has swung some big financial
deals in this town.

  “I often met him in the lobby or the elevator.
He was a big, vigorous man and walked with an un-
usually graceful step and an appearance of strength
and vitality. His eyes seemed to light up with re-
cognition when he saw me, but in my company he
was always formal and reserved. For such a
vigorous looking man, his voice was singularly
cracked and feeble, and his head gave an impression
of being rather small for him, and his face old
and wrinkled.

  '“He seemed fairly well known about the city. At
the Eastridge Club they told me that he plays golf
occasionally and excellently, and is a graceful
dancer, though somehow not a popular partner. He
was seen frequently at the Y. M. C. A. bowling
alleys, and played with an uncanny skill. Men
loved to see him bowl for his cleverness with the
balls, but wished he were not so formally courteous,
and did not wear such an expression of complete
happiness over his victories. Bridley, manager of
Rudge & Guenzel’s book department, was the oldest
friend of his that I could find, and he gave me some
interesting information. They went to school to-
gether, and Anstruther was poor in health as well as
in finances. Twenty-five years ago, during the hungry
and miserable years after his graduation from the
University, Bridley remembered him as saying:

  “ ‘My brain needs a body to work with. If I had
physical strength, I could do anything. If I find
a fellow who can give it to me, I’ll make him rich!’

  “Bridley also remembers that he was sensitive
because girls did not like his debilitated physique.
He seems to have found health later, though I can
find no one who remembers how or when. About
ten years ago he came back from Europe where
he had been for several years, in Paris, Bridley
thinks; and for several years after this, a French-
man lived with him. The city directory'of that time
has him living in the big stone house at 13th and
“G” streets. I went up there to look around, and
found it a double house, Dr. Faubourg having oc-
cupied the other half. The present caretaker has
been there ever since Anstruther lived in the house,
and she says that his French companion must have
been some sort of an engineer, and that the two
must have been working on an invention, from
the sounds she heard and the materials they
had about. Some three or four years ago the
Frenchman and the machinery vanished, and An-
struther moved to the Cornhusker Hotel. Also at
about this time, Dr. Faubourg retired from the
practice of medicine. He must have been about
50 years old, and too healthy and vigorous to be
retiring on account of old age or ill health.

  “Apparently Anstruther never married. His pri-
vate life was quite obscure, but he appeared much
in public. He was always very courtly and polite
to the ladies. Outside his business he. took a great
interest in Y. M. C. A. and Boy Scout camps, in the

National Guard, and in fact in everything that stood
for an outdoor, physical life, and promoted health.
In spite of his oddity he was quite a hero with the
small boys, especially since the time of his radium
hold-up. This is intimately connected with the story
of his radium speculation that caused such a sen-
sation in financial circles a couple of years ago.

  “About that time, the announcement appeared
of the discovery of new uses for radium; a way had
been found to accelerate its splitting and to derive
power from it. Its price went up, and it promised
to become a scarce article on the market. Anstruther
had never been known to speculate, nor to tamper
with sensational things like oil and helium; but on
this occasion he seemed to go into a panic. He
cashed in on a lot of securities and caused a small
panic in the city, as he was quite wealthy and had
especially large amounts of money in the building-
loan business. The newspapers told of how he had
bought a hundred thousand dollars worth of radium,
which was to be delivered right here in Lincoln—
a curious method of speculating, the editors volun-
teered.

  “It arrived by express one day, and Anstruther
rode the express wagon with the driver to the sta-
tion. I found the driver and he told the story
of the hold-up at 8th and ‘P’ streets at eleven
o’clock at night. A Ford car drove up beside them,
from which a man pointed a pistol at them and
ordered them to stop. The driver stopped.

  “ ‘Come across with the radium!’ shouted the big
black bulk in the Ford, climbing upon the express
wagon. Anstruther's fist shot out like a flash of
lightning alnd struck the arm holding the pistol; and
the driver states that he heard the pistol crash
through the window on the second floor of the Lin-
coln Hotel. Anstruther pushed the express driver,
who was in his way, backwards over the seat among
the packages and leaped upon the hold-up man;
the driver said he heard Anstruther’s muscles
crunch savagely, as with little apparent effort
he flung the man over the Ford; he fell with A.
thud on the asphalt and stayed there. Anstruther
then launched a kick at the man at the wheel of the
Ford, who crumpled up and fell out of the opposite
side of the car.

  “The police found the pistol inside a room on
the second floor of the Lincoln Hotel. The steering
post of the Ford car was torn from its fastenings.
Both of the hold-up men had ribs and collar-bones
broken, and the gunman’s forearm was bent double
in the middle with both bones broken. These two
men agreed later with the express driver that An-
struther’s attack, for suddenness, swiftness, and
terrific strength was beyond anything they had
dreamed possible; he was like a thunderbolt; like
some furious demon. When the two men were
huddled in black heaps on the pavement, Anstruther
said to the driver, quite impersonally:

  “‘Drive to the police station; Come on! Wake
up! I’ve got to get this stuff locked up!’

“One of the hold-up men had lost all his money
and the home he was building when Anstruther
had foreclosed a loan in his desperate scramble for
radium. He was a Greek named Poulos, and has
(Continued on page 970)
Second Deluge

Author of “The Moon Metal,” “A Columbus of Space,” etc.

On the broad breast of the Sphinx, he saw a representation of a world overwhelmed with a deluge, and encircling it was what he
instantly concluded to be the picture of a nebulal Underneath, in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics, with which Cosmo was familiar,
was an inscription in letters of gold—the prophecy of the Second Deluge!
What Went Before

y^tOSMO VERSAl has made the discovery that the
world is on the eve of a second deluge. He
placards New York with posters, calling all to pre-
pare for the coming flood. For his own safety he
begins the building of an enormous ark and barely
has it completed when reports are flashed about
the world that the waters are actuaXly beginning
to rise.

  Suddenly, in midday, the world grew dark and
people became terror-stricken. The rain descended
from an invisible source and the waters rose. Liter-
ally, the world sweat. About his ark Cosmo had
placed electric wires, and when the maddened pop-
ulace, now terrified beyond measure, attempted to
storm the ark, hundreds were shocked and many in-
stantly killed. Then the waters rose ten feet an
hour.

  Finally the City of New York is all submerged
and the huge Municipal Building, is nearly all under
water when the last of the government battle-ships

breaks away from the Brooklyn Navy-Yard and is
carried over against the Municipal Building, smash-
ing through the side and then sinking to the bottom.
From this wreck a small boat arises and in this
boat comes Amos Blank, the richest man in the
world, alongside the ark. Blank has lost his
mind, but he offers a billion dollars in securities,
and waves the packet over his head, if Cosmo will
take him aboard. He is taken in and then the Ark
is started toward the East where, it has been fig-
ured, is the world’s highest land, and which will be
the first landing place when the waters recede. Sud-
denly those aboard see the stars overhead and know
it has stopped raining.

  Meanwhile Professor Pludder has been convey-
ing the President with a party in an aeroplane
while the water is falling, and when the rain stops
this wonderful flying-machine rests on a mountain
peak. It can be converted into a serviceable boat,
and this is done.

THE SECOND DELUGE

   By GARRETT P. SERVISS
   (Part III)

CHAPTER XVI
Mutiny in the Ark!

E left Cosmo Versal and his Ark full of
the flower of mankind in the midst of
what was formerly the Atlantic Ocean,
but which had now expanded over so
many millions of square miles which had
once been the seats of vast empires, that to an eye
looking at it with a telescope from Mars it would
have been unrecognizable.

  All of eastern North America, all of South Ameri-
ca to the feet of the Andes, all but the highest
mountains of Europe,
nearly all of Africa, ex-
cept some of the high-
lands of the south, all of
northern and southwest-
ern Asia, as well as the
peninsula of India, all of
China and the adjacent
lands and islands except
the lofty peaks, .the whole
of Australia, and the
archipelagoes of the Paci-
fic, had become parts of
the floor of a mighty ocean which rolled unbroken
from pole to pole.

  The Great Deep had resumed its ancient reign,
and what was left of the habitable globe presented
to view only far separated islands and the serrated
tops of such ranges as the Alps, the Caucasus, the
Himalayas, and the Andes. The astonished in-
habitants of the ocean depths now swam over the
ruins of great cities, and brushed with their fins
the chiseled capitals of columns that had supported
the proudest structures of human hands.

  We have seen how the unexpected arrest of the
flood had left Cosmo uncertain as to the course that
he ought to pursue. But he did not long remain in
doubt. He was sure that the downpour would be
resumed after an interval which at the most could
not exceed a few weeks, and he resolved to con-
tinue his way toward the future land of promise
in Asia.

  But he thought that he would have time to turn
his prow in the direction of Europe, for he felt a
great desire to know by actual inspection to what
height the water had attained. He was certain that
it could not be less than he had estimated—the in-
dications of his rain-gage
had been too unvarying
to admit of doubt on that
point—but he had no
means of direct measure-
ment since he could not
sound the tremendous
depths beneath the Ark.

  After long meditation
on the probable effects of
the descending columns of
water which he had seen,
he concluded that they
might have added more rapidly than he first sup-
posed to the increase of the general level. Besides,
he reflected that there was no proof that the general
downpour might not have been greater over some
parts of the earth than others. All these doubts
could be dissipated if he could get a good look at
some lofty mountain range, such as the Sierra
Nevada of Spain, or the Pyrenees, or, if he could
venture within sight of them, the Alps.

  So he said to Captain Arms:

  “Steer for the coast of Europe.”

 p RACTICALLY the whole world is now covered by
 the great flood, as far as the survivors of the ark
 know.

   The "Jules Verne" the intrepid French submarine, in
 the meanwhile is exploring the submerged world and is
 visiting the city of Paris, and later, with Cosmo Vers&l
 as a passenger, Egypt is visited as well. Important dis-
 coveries are made, particularly at the Sphynx, and its
 long suspected secret is at last revealed.

945
,946

AMAZING STORIES

  The fine weather had produced a good effect upon
the spirits of the company. Not only were the
ports and the gangways all open, but Cosmo ordered
the temporary removal of rows of adjustable plates
on the sides of the vessel, which transformed the
broad outer gangways, running its whole length,,
into delightful promenade decks. There, in cozy
chairs, and protected with rugs, the passengers sat,
fanned by a refreshing breeze, and dazzled by the
splendor of the ocean.

  They recalled, by their appearance, a ship-load
of summer tourists bound for the wonders and
pleasures of foreign parts. This likeness to a
pleasure cruise was heightened by the constant
attentions of the crew, under Cosmo’s orders, who
carried about refreshing drinks and lunches, and
conducted themselves like regular ocean “stewards.”

  It seemed impossible to believe that the world had
been drowned, and some almost persuaded them-
selves that the whole thing was a dream.

  It must not be supposed that the thousand-odd
persons who composed this remarkable ship’s com-
pany were so hard-hearted, so selfish, so forgetful,
so morally obtuse, that they never thought of the
real horror of their situation, and of the awful
calamity that had overwhelmed so many millions
of their fellow creatures. They thought of all that
only too seriously and in spite of themselves. The
women especially were overwhelmed by it. But
they did not wish to dwell upon it, and Cosmo Ver-
sal did not wish that they should.

  At night he had musicians play in the grand
saloon; he distributed books among the passengers
from a large library which he had selected; and at
last he had the stage set, and invited his friends,
the players, to entertain the company.

  But he would have no plays but those of Shake-
speare.

  There were, probably, not half a dozen persons
in the Ark who had even seen representations of
these great dramas, and very few who had read
them, so that they had the advantage of complete
novelty.

  The play selected for the first representation was
the tragedy of “King Lear,” a strange choice, it
would, at first sight, seem, but Cosmo Versal had
a deep knowledge of human nature. He knew that
only tragedy would be endured there, and that it
must be tragedy so profound and overmastering
that it would dominate the feelings of those who
heard and beheld it. It was the principle of im-
munizing therapeutics, where poison paralyzes
poison.

  It turned out as he anticipated. These people,
unused to such depth of dramatic passion, for the
plays to which they had been used had been far
from the Shakespearian standard, were wholly ab-
sorbed in the development of the tragedy. It was a
complete revelation to them, and they were carried
out of themselves, and found in the sympathy
awakened by this heart-crushing spectacle of the
acme of human woe an unconscious solace for their
own moral anguish.

  Afterward Cosmo put upon the stage “Hamlet,”
and “Othello,” and “Macbeth,” and “Coriolanus,”
and “Julius Czesar,” but he avoided, for the present,

the less tragic dramas. And all of them, being new
to the hearers, produced an enormous effect.

  On alternate nights he substituted music for the
drama, and, as this was confined to the most ma-
jestic productions of the great masters of the past,
many of whose works, like some of Shakespeare’s
had long been neglected if not forgotten, their
power over the spirits of the company was, perhaps,
even more pronounced.

  Cosmo Versal was already beginning the educa-
tion of his chosen band of race regenerators, while
he mused upon the wonders that the science of
eugenics would achieve after the world should have
re-emerged from the waters.

  One of the most singular effects of the music
was that produced upon the insane billionaire, Amos
Blank. He had been confined in the room that
Cosmo had assigned to him, and was soothed, when-
ever Cosmo could find time to visit him, with pre-
tended acquiescense in his crazed notion that the
trip of the Ark was part of a scheme to “corner”
the resources of the world.

  Cosmo persuaded him that the secret was un-
known except to themselves, and that it was
essential to success that he (Blank) should remain
in retirement, and accordingly the latter expressed
no desire to leave his place of imprisonment, which
he regarded as the headquarters of the combina-
tion, passing hours in covering sheets of paper with
columns of figures, which he fancied represented
the future profits of the enterprise.

  One night when a symphony of Beethoven was
to be played, Cosmo led Amos Blank through the
crowded saloon and placed him near the musicians.
He resisted at first, and when he saw the crowd he
drew back, exclaiming:

  “What? Not overboard yet?”

  But Cosmo soothed him with some whispered
promise, and he took his seat, glancing covertly
around him. Then, the instruments struck up, and
immediately fixed his attention. As the musical
theme developed his eyes gradually lost their wild
look, and a softened expression took its place. He
sank lower in his seat, and rested his head upon his
hand. His whole soul seemed, at last, to be ab-
sorbed in the music. When it was finished Blank
was a changed man. Then Cosmo clearly explained
to him all that had happened.

  After the first overwhelming effect of his re-
awakening to the realities of his situation had
passed, the billionaire was fully restored to all his
faculties. Henceforth he mingled with the other
passengers and, as if the change that had come over
his spirit had had greater results than the simple
restoration of sanity, he became one of the most
popular and useful members of Cosmo Versal’s
family of pilgrims.

                               •

  Among the other intellectual diversions which
Cosmo provided was something quite unique, due
to his own mental bias. This consisted of “con-
ferences,” held in the grand saloon, afternoons, in
the presence of the entire company, at which the
principal speakers were his two “speculative gen-
iuses,” Costake Theriade and Sir Wilfrid Athel-
stone. They did not care very much for one an-
THE SECOND DELUGE

947

other and each thought that the time allotted to
the other was wasted.

  Theriade wished to talk continuously of the in-
finite energy stored up in the atoms of matter, and
of the illimitable power which the release of that
energy, by the system that he had all but completed,
would place at the disposition of man; and at the
same time Sir Athelstone could with difficulty be
held in leash while he impatiently awaited an op-
portunity to explain how excessively near he had
arrived to the direct production of protoplasm from
inanimate matter, and the chemical control of living
cells, so that henceforth man could people or un-
people the earth as he liked.

  One evening, when everybody not on duty was in
bed, Captain Amos entered Cosmo’s cabin, where
the latter was dictating to Joseph Smith, and softly
approaching his chief, with a furtive glance round
the room, stooped and whispered something in his
ear. A startled, though incredulous, expression ap-
peared on Cosmo’s face, and he sprang to his feet,
but before speaking he obeyed a sign from the
captain and told Smith to leave the room. Then he
locked the door and returned to his table, where
he dropped into a chair, exclaiming in a guarded
voice:

  “Great Heaven, can this be possible! Have you
riot made a mistake?”

  “No,” returned the captain in a stridulous whis-
per, “I have made no mistake. I’m absolutely sure.
If something is not done instantly we are lost!”
“This is terrible!” returned Cosmo, taking his
head in his hands. “You say it is that fellow
Campo? I never liked his looks.”

  “He is the ringleader,” replied the captain'. “The
first suspicion of what he was up to came to me
through an old sailor who has been with me on many
a voyage. He overheard Campo talking with an-
other man and he listened. Trust an old seadog to
use his ears and keep himself out of notice.”

  “And what did they say?”

  “Enough to freeze the marrow in your bones!
Campo proposed to begin by throwing ‘old Versal’
and me into the sea, and then he said, with us gone,
and nobody but a lot of muddle-headed scientists to
deal with, it would be easy to take the ship; seize
all the treasure in her; make everybody who would
not join the mutiny walk the plank, except the wo-
men, and steer for some place where they could
land and lead a jolly life.

  “ ‘You see,’ says Campo, ‘this flood is a fake.
There ain’t going to be no more flood; it’s only a
shore wash. But there’s been enough of it to fix
things all right for us. We’ve got the world in our
fist! There’s millions of money aboard this ship,
and there’s plenty of female beauty, and we’ve only
got to reach out and take it.’ ”

  Cosmo Versal’s brow darkened as he listened, and
a look that would have cowed the mutineers if they
could have seen it, came into his eyes. His hand
nervously clutched a paper-knife which broke in his
grasp, as he said in a voice trembling with passion:
“They don’t know me—you don’t know me. Show
me the proofs of this conspiracy. Who are the
others? Campo and his friend can’t be alone.”
“Alone!” exclaimed the captain, unconsciously

raising his voice. “There’s a dozen as black-handed
rascals in it as ever went unswung.”

  “Do you know them?”

  “Jim Waters does.”

  “Why haven’t you told me sooner ? How long has
it been going on?”

  “Almost ever since the deluge stopped, I think;
but it was only last night that Waters got on the
track of it, and only now that he told me. This fel-
low that Waters heard Campo talking to is plainly
a new recruit. I say there are a dozen, because
Waters has found out that number; but I don’t
know but that there may be a hundred.”

  “How did these wretches get aboard?” demanded
Cosmo, fiercely opening and shutting his fists.

  “Excuse me,” said the captain, “but that is up
to you to say.”

  “So it is,” replied Cosmo, with a grim look-;
“and it’s ‘up to me’ to say what’ll become of them.
I see how it is, they must have got in with the
last lot that I took—under assumed names very
likely. I’ve been more than once on the point of
calling that man Campo up and questioning him.
I was surprised by his hangdog look the first time
I saw him. But I have been so busy.”

  “You’ll have to get busy in another sense if you
mean to save this ship and your life,” said the
captain earnestly.

  “So I shall. Are you armed? No? Then take
these—and use ’em when I give the word.”

  He handed the captain two heavy automatic
pistols, and put a pair in his own sidepockets.

  “Now,” he continued, “‘the first thing is to make
sure that we’ve got the right men—and all of them.
Call in Joseph Smith.”

  The captain went to the door, and as he ap-
proached it there was a knock. He turned the key
and cautiously opened a crack to look out. The door
was instantly jerked open in his face. Six men
rushed in, with Campo, a burly, black-browed fel-
low, at their head. Three of the men threw the
captain on his back, and pinioned his hands, before
he could draw a weapon, while Campo and the others
sprang toward Cosmo Versal, Campo pointing a pis-
tol at his head.

  “It’s all up, Mr. Versal!” cried Campo with a
sneer. “I’ll take command of this ship, and you’ll
go fish for nebulas.”

  Cosmo had one advantage; he was behind his
desk, and it was a broad and long one, and placed
almost against the wall. They could not get at
him without getting round the desk. Campo did not
fire, though he might have shot Cosmo in his tracks;
but evidently he was nourishing the idea of making
him walk the plank. With a sign he commanded his
co-conspirators to flank the desk at each end, while
he kept Cosmo covered with his pistol.

  But with a lightning movement, Cosmo dropped
under the desk, and, favored by his slight form and
his extreme agility, darted like a cat past Campo’s
legs, and, almost before the latter could turn round,
was out of the open door. Campo fired at the re-
treating form, but the bullet went wide of the
mark. The pistol was practically noiseless, and the
sound reached no ears in the staterooms.

  It happened that a switch controlling the lights
948

AMAZING STORIES

in the gangway was on the wall by Cosmo’s door,
and in passing he swiftly reached up and turned it
off. Thus he was in complete darkness, and when
Campo darted out of the door he could not see the
fugitive. He could hear his footsteps, however, and
with two of his companions he rushed blindly after
him, firing two or three shots at random. But
Cosmo had turned at the first cross passage, and
then at the next, this part of the Ark being a
labyrinth of corridors, and the pursuers quickly
lost all trace of him.

  Campo and his companions made their way back
to Cosmo’s cabin, where their fellows were guard-
ing Captain Arms. They found the switch in the
passage and turned on the light. They were almost
immediately joined by several other conspirators
conducting Joseph Smith, bound and gagged. They
held a short consultation, and Campo, with many
curses, declared that Cosmo Versal must be caught
at all hazards.

  “The big-headed fiend!” he cried, gnashing his
teeth. “Let me get my grippers on him, and I’ll
squelch him like a bug!”

  They threw Joseph Smith into the room beside
the helpless captain, after taking the latter’s pistols,
locked the door from the outside, and hurried off
on their search. In the passages they encountered
several more of their friends. They now numbered
fifteen, all armed. This may seem a small number
to undertake to capture the Ark; but it must be
remembered that among the thousand-odd inmates,
exclusive of the crew, only about one in three was
a man, and the majority of these were peaceable
scientists who, it was to be presumed, had no fight
in them.

  At any rate, Campo, with the reckless courage
of his kind, felt confident that if he could get Cosmo
Versal, with the captain and Joseph Smith out of
the way, he could easily overmaster the others. He
had not much fear of the crew, for he knew that
they were not armed, and he had succeeded in win-
ning over three of their number, the only ones he
had thought at all dangerous, because he had read
their character. More than half the crew were
employed about the engines or on the animal deck,
and most of the others were simply stewards who
would not stand before the pistols.

  But, while the mutineers were hurriedly search-
ing the corridors, Cosmo had run straight to the
bridge, where he found two of his men in charge,
and whence he sent an electric call to all the men
employed in the navigation of the vessel. They
came running from various directions, but a dozen
of them were caught in the passages by the
mutineers and bound before they could comprehend
what had happened. Seven, however, succeeded in
reaching the bridge, and among these was Jim
Waters.

  “There’s a mutiny,” said Cosmo. “We’ve got to
fight for our lives. Have you got arms?”

  Not one had a weapon except Waters, who dis-
played a pistol half as long as his arm.

  “Here, Peterson, take this,” said Cosmo, handing
a pistol to one of the two mariners who had been
on the bridge. “They will be here in a minute. If

Campo had been a sailor, he’d have had possession
here the first thing. I’ll turn off all lights.”

  With that he pressed a button which put out
every lamp in the Ark. But there was a full moon,
and they concealed themselves in the shadows.

  Presently they heard the mutineers approaching,
stumbling and cursing in the darkness. Cosmo
directed Peterson and Waters to place themselves
at his side, and told them to fire when he gave the
word.

  The next instant four men appeared crossing a
moonlit place at the foot of the steps on the out-
side of the dome.

  “Wait,” whispered Cosmo. “The pistols go at a
pull. We can sweep down a dozen in ten seconds.
Let them all get in sight first.”

  Half a minute later there were twelve men climb-
ing the steps and cautiously looking up.

  “Fire!” cried Cosmo, setting the example, and
three streams of flame poured from the bridge.
The sound of the bullets striking made more noise
than the explosions.

  Five or six of the men below fell, knocking down
their comrades, and a loud curse burst from the
lips of Campo, who had a bullet through his arm.

  The mutineers tumbled in a heap at the bottom,
and instantly Cosmo, switching on all lights, led
the way down upon them. His men, who had no
arms, seized anything they could get their hands
on that would serve to strike a blow, and followed
him.

  The conspirators were overwhelmed by the sud-
denness and fury of the attack.

  Four of them were killed outright and five were
wounded, one so severely that he survived only a
few hours.

  Cosmo’s quick and overwhelming victory was due
to the fact that the mutineers, in mounting the
steps, could not see him and his men in the shadows,
and when the automatic weapons, which fired three
shots per second by repeated pressure of the trig-
ger, from a chamber containing twenty-one car-
tridges, once opened on them they could do nothing
in the hail of missiles, especially when crowded
together on the steps.

  Campo was the only one who had any fight left
in him. He struck Cosmo a blow on the head that
felled him, and then darted out upon the forepart
of the dome, running on the cleats, and made his
way to the top.

  Cosmo was on his feet in a second and rushing
in pursuit, closely followed by Jim Waters. The
fugitive ran for the ratlines leading to the lookout
pn the central mast. He climbed them like a
squirrel, and the man in the cro’nest, amazed at the
sight below him, stared at the approaching muti-
neer, unable to utter a cry. Campo, who, as the
moonbeams showed, now had a knife in his teeth,
rapidly approached, and the lookout shrank in terror.
But before Campo could reach the cro’nest, a blind-
ing light dazzled his eyes. Cosmo had shouted an
order to Peterson to run back to the bridge and turn
a search-light upon the mast. Then Campo heard
a thundering voice below him:

  “Take another step and I’ll blow you into the
sea!”
THE SECOND DELUGE

949

  He glanced below, and saw Cosmo and Waters
covering him with their pistols.

  “Not another step!” roared Cosmo again. “Come
down, and I’ll give you a trial for your life."

  Campo hesitated; but, seeing that he could be
shot down, and finding a gleam of hope in Cosmo’s
words, he turned and came slowly down. The
moment he touched the bottom he was seized by
Waters and another man, and, under Cosmo’s direc-
tions, his hands were bound behind his back.

  Ten minutes later the members of the crew who
had been caught by the mutineers in the gangways
were all unbound, and then Cosmo broke open the
door of his cabin, the key having been lost or thrown
away by Campo, and the captain and Joseph
Smith were released.

  “Well, we’ve got ’em,” said Cosmo grimly to the
captain. “The mutiny is at an end, and there’ll
never be another.”

  In the meantime many of the passengers had been
aroused by the unaccustomed noises, although the
pistols had not made enough sound to be heard from
the place where they were fired. Nightcapped
heads appeared on all sides, and some, in scanty
clothing, were wandering in the passageways, de-
manding what the trouble was. Cosmo, the captain,
and Joseph Smith reassured them, saying that there
was no danger, and that something had happened
which would be explained in the morning.

  The prisoners—and the whole fifteen were finally,
captured—were locked up in a strong-room, and a
surgeon was sent to dress their wounds. Cosmo
Vers&l and the captain resumed their accustomed
places on the bridge, where they talked over the
affair, and Cosmo explained his plans for the mor-
row.

  “I’ll give him his trial, as I promised,” Cosmo
said in conclusion, “and you’ll see what it will be.
Mutiny aboard this Ark!” And he struck the rail
a violent blow with his fist.

  The next morning directly after breakfast Cosmo
called all passengers and crew into the grand
saloon, where many wondering looks were ex-
changed and many puzzling questions asked. When
the mutineers, with hands tied behind their backs,
and their many bandages on arms and legs, were
led in, exclamations of astonishment were heard,
and some of the timid ones shrank away in fear.

  Cosmo lost no time with preliminaries.

  “These men,” he said, taking his stand upon the
platform, “have mutinied and tried to capture the
Ark. This fellow”—pointing to Campo—“was the
concocter and leader of the plot. He intended to
throw me and Captain Arms, and all of you whom
he did not wish to retain for his fiendish purposes,
into the sea. But Heaven has delivered them into
our hands. I have promised them a trial, and they
shall have it. But it will be a trial in which justice
shall not be cheated. I find that a moral poison has
stolen into this selected company, and I will
eliminate it for once and all.”

  The expressions of amazement and alarm re-
doubled in intensity.

  “Professor Abel Able, Professor Jeremiah Moses,
Sir Wilfred Athelstone, Costak6 Theriade,” Cosmo
continued, “you will please come forward to act

as members of the jury, of which I name myself
also a member. I shall be both judge and jui-or
here, but I will hear what the rest of you may have
to say.”

  The men named stepped forward with some evi-
dences of embarrassment, and Cosmo gravely gave
them seats beside him. Then he commanded that
the prisoners should confront the jury, and heavily
guarded, they were led to the front.

  The brutishness of Campo’s face had never
struck the passengers who had seen him before as
it did now. He looked a veritable jailbird. At the
same time he was evidently in terror for his life.
He muttered something which nobody understood.

  Cosmo, who had informed himself of all the cir-
cumstances from Waters, and by privately question-
ing the others, had satisfied himself that the entire
scheme of the mutiny was of Campo’s contrivance,
and that they had been led into it solely by his per-
suasion and threats, ordered Waters to speak. The
seaman told a straight story of what he had heard
and seen. Cosmo himself then related the events of
the night. When he had finished he turned to Cam-
po and demanded what he had to say.

  Campo again muttered under his breath, but
made no attempt to defend himself, simply saying:

  “You promised me a trial.”

  “And haven’t I given you a trial?” demanded
Cosmo with flashing eyes. “You thought you held
the world in your grasp. It is I that hold it in my
grasp and you, too! You were going to make us
‘walk that plank.’ It is you who are going to wall
it! Is that the verdict?” (turning to the four
jurymen.)

  Some of them nodded, some simply stared at Cos-
mo, surprised by the vehemence of his manner.

  “Enough,” he said.. “As to you,” addressing the
other prisoners, “you have had your lesson; see that
you don't forget it! Release them, and lead Campo
to the promenade deck.”

  Nobody thought that Cosmo would literally exe-
cute his threat to make the mutineer walk the plank,
but, as he had told Captain Arms, they didn’t know
him. They were about to see that in Cosmo Versdl
they had not only a prophet, a leader, and a judge,
but an inexorable master also.

  A plank was prepared and placed sloping from the
rail.

  “Walk!” said Cosmo firmly.

  To everybody’s surprise Campo, with blinded
eyes, started immediately up the plank, followed its
full length with quick, unfaltering step, and plung-
ing from the end, disappeared in the sea.

  Many had turned away, unable to look, but many
also saw the tragedy to the end. Then a profound
sigh was heard from the whole company of the
spectators. As they turned away, talking in awed
voices, they felt, as never before, that the world
had shrunk to the dimensions of the Ark, and that
Cosmo Versfil was its dictator.

  That same afternoon Cosmo arranged one of his
“conferences,” and nobody dared to be absent, al-
though all minds were yet too much excited to fol-
low the discussions which few could understand.
But at length Costak§ Theriade concentrated their
attention by a wild burst of eloquence about the
950

AMAZING STORIES

wonders of the inter-atomic forces. Sir Athelstone,
unable to endure the applause that greeted his rival,
abruptly sprang to his feet, his round face red with
anger, and shouted:

  “I say, 5'ou know, this is twaddle 1”

  “Will the Englishman interrupt not?” cried
Theriade, with his eyes ablaze. “Shall I project not
the Sir Englishman to the feeshes?”

  He looked as if he were about to try to execute
his threat, and Sir Athelstone assumed a boxing
attitude; but before hostilities could begin a loud
shout from the deck, followed by cries and exclama-
tions, caused everybody to rush out of the saloon.

  Those who succeeded in getting a glimpse over
the shoulders of the members of the crew, who were
already lined up along the only portion of the bul-
warks available for seeing the part of the ocean on
which attention seemed to be fixed, stared open-
mouthed at a round-backed mass of shining metal,
with a circular aperture on the top, the cover of
which was canted to one side, and there stood a man,
waving a gold-laced red kepi, and bowing and smil-
ing with great civility.

CHAPTER XVII.

The Jules Verne

THE swell of the sea caused the strange look-
ing craft to rise and sink a little, and some-
times the water ran bubbling all around the
low rim of the aperture, in the center of which the
red-capped man stood, resting on some invisible
support, repeating his salutations and amicable
smiles, and balancing his body to the rocking of
the waves with the unconscious skill of a sailor.

  The Ark was running slowly, but it would very
soon have left the stranger in its wake if he had
not also been in motion. It was evident that the ob-
ject under his feet must be a submersible vessel of
some kind, although it was of a type which Captain
Arms, standing beside Cosmo on the bridge, de-
clared that he had never set eyes on before. It lay
so low in the water that nothing could be seen of
its motive machinery, but it kept its place alongside
the Ark with the ease of a dolphin, and gradually
edged in closer.

  When it was so near that he could be heard speak-
ing in a voice hardly raised above the ordinary
pitch, the man, first again lifting his cap with an
elegant gesture, addressed Cosmo Versal by name,
using the English language with a scarcely per-
ceptible accent:

  “M. Versal, I offer you my felicitations upon the
magnificent appearance of your Ark, and I present
my compliments to the ladies and gentlemen of your
company.”

  And then he bowed once more to the passengers,
who were almost crowding each other over the side
in their eagerness to both see and hear.

  “Thank you,” responded Cosmo, “but who are
you?”

  “Capitaine Ives de Beauxchamps, of the French
army.”

  “Where’s the navy, then?” blurted out Captain
Arms.

  De Beauxchamps glanced at the speaker a little
disdainfully, and then replied gravely:

  “Alas! At the bottom of the sea—with all the
other navies.”

  “And how have you escaped?” demanded Cosmo
Versal.

  “As you see, in a submersible.”

  “Can it be possible!” exclaimed Cosmo. “And
you have been in the sea ever since the beginning
of the flood?”

  “Since the first rise of the ocean on the coast of
Brest.”

  “Have you no companions?”

  “Six—in truth seven.”

  “Astonishing!” said Cosmo Versal. “But I heard
nothing of the preparation of a submersible. In
fact, the idea of such a thing never occurred to me.
You must have made your preparations secretly.”
“We did. We did not share your certainty, M.
Versal, concerning the arrival of a deluge. Even
when we embarked we were not sure that it would
be more than an affair of the coasts.”

  “But you must be on the point of starvation by
this time. The flood has only begun. This cessation
is but for a time, while we are passing a gap in the
nebula. You will come aboard the Ai-k. I had chosen
my company, but your gallant escape, and the abil-
ity that you have shown, prove that you are worthy
to aid in the reestablishment of the race, and I have
no doubt that your companions are equally worthy.”
The Frenchman bowed politely, and with a slight
smile replied:

  “I believe, M. Versal, that the Jules Verne is as
safe and comfortable, and proportionately as well
provisioned, as your Ark.”

  “So you call it the Jules Verne?” returned Cosmo,
smiling in his turn.

  “We were proud to give it that name, and its con-
duct has proved that it is worthy of it.”

  “But you will surely come aboard and shake
hands, and let us offer you a little hospitality,” said
Cosmo.

  “I should be extremely happy to pay my compli-
ments to the ladies,” responded de Beauxchamps,
“but I must postpone that pleasure for the present.
In the meantime, however, I should be glad if you
would lower a landing stage, and permit me to
send aboard the seventh member of our party, who,
I venture to think, may find the Ark a more com-
fortable abode than our submersible.”

  “And who may that person be?”

  “The King of England.”

  “Yes,” resumed the Frenchman, “we picked up
His Majesty the first day after the deluge began to
descend from the sky.”

  Exclamations of surprise and wonder were heard
on all sides.

  “I will lower a ladder at once,” Cosmo called out,
and immediately ran down to the lowest deck, com-
manding his men to make haste.

  The Jules Verne was skilfully brought close up to
the side of the Ark, so that the visible part of her
rounded back was nearly in contact with the bottom
of the companion-ladder when it was lowered. The
sea was so calm that there was little difficulty in
executing this maneuver. De Beauxchamps disap-
THE SECOND DELUGE

951

peared in the depths of the submersible, and after a
few minutes reemerged into sight, supporting on
his arm a stout, rather short man, whose face, it
was evident, had once been full and ruddy, but now
it was pale and worn.

  “It is he!” exclaimed an English member of
Cosmo’s company to some of his fellow countrymen
who had forced their way to the front.

   “It is the king!"

  And then occurred a singular thing, inspired by
the marvelous circumstances of this meeting of the
sovereign of a drowned kingdom, upon the bosom
of the waters that had destroyed it, with the mere
handful that remained alive out of all the millions
of his subjects.

  These loyal English people bared their heads (and
there were three women among them) and sang,
with a pathos that surely the old hymn had never
expressed before, their national anthem: “God Save
the King.”

  The effect was immense. Every head aboard the
Ark was immediately uncovered. De Beauxchamps
removed his cap, and one or two bared heads could
be seen peering out of the interior of the submer-
sible below him. As the king was steadied across
to the bottom of the companion-ladder, the voices
of the singers rose louder, and many of the other
passengers, moved by sympathy, or carried away
by epidemic feeling, joined in the singing. Never
had any monarch a greeting like that! Its recipient
was moved to the depths of his soul, and but for the
aid given him would have been unable to ascend the
swaying steps.

  As he was assisted upon the deck, the song
ceased and a great cheer broke forth. There were
tears in his eyes, and he trembled in every limb,
when he returned the welcoming px-essure of Cosmo
Versal’s hand.

  The moment he saw that the king was safely
aboard the Ark, de Beauxchamps, with a farewell
salutation, disappeared into the interior of the
Jules Verne, and the submersible sank out of sight
as gently as if it had been a huge fish that had come
to the top of the sea to take a look about.

  After the sensation caused by the arrival of the
English monarch aboard the Ark had somewhat
quieted down, and after His Majesty had had an op-
portunity to recover himself, Cosmo Versal invited
his new guest to tell the story of his escape. They
were seated in Cosmo’s cabin, and there were pres-
ent Joseph Smith, Professor Jeremiah Moses, Pro-
fessor Abel Able, and Amos Blank, besides several
other members of the ship’s company, including two
of the loyal Englishmen who had been the first to
strike up the national anthem on seeing their res-
cued king.

  Richard Edward, or Richard IV as he was official-
ly entitled, was one of the best kings England ever
had. He was popular not only because of his almost
democratic manners and the simplicity of his life,
but more because he was a great lover of peace.
We have already seen how he was chosen, solely on
that account, to be of the number of the rulers in-
vited to go in the Ark. He had not even replied to
Cosmo’s invitation, but that was simply because,
like everybody about him in whom he placed con-

fidence, he regarded Cosmo Versal as a mere
mountebank, and thought that there was no more
danger of a universal flood than of the fall of the
moon out of the sky.

  Before responding to Cosmo’s request he made a
gracious reference to the indifference with which
he had formerly treated his present host.

  “I am sorry, Mr. Versal,” he said, with a depreca-
tory smile, “that I did not sooner recognize the fact
that your knowledge surpassed that of my scientific
advisers.”

  “Your Majesty was not alone,” replied Cosmo
gravely, turning with his fingers a small globe that
stood on his desk. “From all these deep-sunken
continents,” (waving his hand toward the globe),
“if the voices once heard there could now speak,
there would arise a mighty sound of lament for that
error.”

  The king looked at him with an expression of
surprise. He glanced from Cosmo’s diminutive fig-
ure to his great overhanging brow, marked with
the lines of thought, and a look of instinctive def-
erence came into his eyes.

  “But,” continued Cosmo Versal, “it is bootless to
speak of these things now. I beg that Your Majesty
will condescend to enlighten us concerning the
fate of that great kingdom, of ancient renown, over
which you so worthily reigned.”

  An expression of deepest pain passed across the
face of Richard Edward. For some moments he re-
mained buried in a mournful silence, and many
sighs came from his breast. All looked at him with
profound commiseration. At last he raised his head
and said, sorrowfully and brokenly:

  “My kingdom is drowned—my subjects have
perished, almost to the last soul—my family, my
gracious consort, my children—all, all—gone!”

  Here he broke down, and could speak no more.
Not a word was spoken, for a time, and the two
Englishmen present wept with their unfortunate
king.

  Cosmo Versal was no less deeply moved than the
others. He sat, for a while, in complete silence.
Then he arose and, going to the king, put his hand
upon his shoulder, and talked to him long, in a low,
consoling voice. At last the broken-spirited mon-
arch was able to suppress his emotions sufficiently
to recite, but with many interruptions while he
regained mastery of his feelings, the story of his
woes and of his marvelous escape.

  “Sir Francis Brook,” he said, “prepared a barge,
when the water invaded London, and in that barge
we escaped—Her Royal Majesty, our children, and
a number of members of the Royal household—the
barge was the only vessel of levium that existed in
England. Sir Francis had furnished and provis-
ioned it well, and we did not think that it would
be necessary to go farther than to some high point
in the interior. Sir Francis was of the opinion
that Wales would afford a secure refuge.

  “It was a terrible thing to see the drowning of
London, the sweeping of the awful bore that came
up the Thames from the sea, the shipping wrecked
by the tearing waves, the swirl of the fast-rising
water round the immense basin in which the city
lay, the downfall of the great buildings—Westmin-
952

AMAZING STORIES

ster Abbey was one of the first that succumbed—■
the overturned boats, and even great vessels float-
ing on their sides, or bottom up, the awful spectacle
of the bodies of the drowned tossing in the waves—
all these sights were before our horrified eyes while
the vast eddy swept us round and round until the
water rose so high that we were driven off toward
the southwest.

  “That we should have escaped at all was a mir-
acle of miracles. It was the wonderful buoyancy of
the levium barge that saved us. But the terrors of
that scede can never fade from my memory. And
the fearful sufferings of the queen! And our child-
ren—but I cannot go on with this!”

  “Calm yourself, Your Majesty,” said Cosmo
sympathetically. “The whole world has suffered
with you. If we are spared and are yet alive, it is
through the hand of Providence—to whom we must
bow.”

  “We must have passed over Surrey and Hamp-
shire,” the king resumed, “the invasion of the sea
having buried the hills.”

  “I am surprised at that,” said Cosmo. “I did not
think that the sea had anywhere attained so great
an elevation before the nebula condensed. At New
York the complete drowning of the city did not
occur until the downpour from the sky began.”
“Oh! that deluge from the heavens!” cried the
king. “What we had suffered before seemed but
little in comparison. It came upon us after night;
and the absolute darkness, the awful roaring, the
terrific force of the falling water, the sense of suf-
focation, the rapid filling of the barge until the
water was about our necks—these things drove us
wild with despair.

  “I tried to sustain my poor queen in my arms,
but she struggled to seize the children and hold
them above the water, and in her efforts she escaped
from my hands, and thenceforth I could find her no
more. I stumbled about, but it was impossible to
see; it was impossible to be heard. At last I fell un-
conscious face downward, as it afterward appeared,
upon a kind of bench at the rear end of the barge,
which was covered with a narrow metallic roofing,
and raised above the level of the bulwarks. It was
there that I had tried to shelter the queen and the
children.

  “In some way I must have become lodged there,
under the awning, in such a position that the pitch-
ing of the barge failed to throw me off. I never re-
gained consciousness until I heard a voice shouting
in my ear, and felt some one pulling me, and when
I had recovered my senses, I found myself in the
submersible.”

  “And all your companions were gone?” asked
Cosmo, in a voice shaking with pity.

  “Yes, oh Lord! All! They have been swept over-
board by the waves—and would that I had gone
with them!”

  The poor king broke down again and sobbed.
After a long pause Cosmo asked gently:

  “Did the Frenchman tell you how he came upon
the barge ?”

  “He said that in rising to the surface to find out
the state of things there the submersible came up
directly under the barge, canting it in such a way,

that I was rolled out and he caught me as I was
swept close to the opening.”

  “But how was it that the downpour, entering the
submersible, when the cover was removed, did not
fill it with water?”

  “He had the cover so arranged that it served as
an almost complete protection from the rain. Some
water did enter, but not much.”

  “A wonderful man, that Frenchman,” said Cos-
mo. “He would be an acquisition for me. What
did he say his name was? Oh, yes, de Beauxchamps
—I’ll make a note of that. I shouldn’t wonder if we
heard of him again.”

  Cosmo Versal was destined to encounter Ives de
Beauxchamps and his wonderful submersible Jvles
Verne sooner, and under more dramatic circum-
stances than he probably anticipated.

CHAPTER XVIII.

Navigating Over Drowned Europe

AFTER the English king had so strangely be-
come a member of its company the Ark re-
sumed its course in the direction of what had
once been Europe. The spot where the meeting
with the Jvles Veme had occurred was west of Cape
Finisterre and, according to the calculations of
Captain Arms, in longitude fifteen degrees, four
minutes west, latitude forty-four degrees, nine
minutes north.

  Cosmo decided to run into the Bay of Biscay,
skirting its southern coast in order to get a view
of the Cantabrian Mountains, many of whose
peaks, he thought, ought still to lie well above the
level of the water.

  “There are the Peaks of Europa,” said Captain
Arms, “which lie less than twenty miles directly
back from the coast. The highest point is eight
thousand six hundred and seventy feet above sea
level, or what used to be sea level. We could get
near enough to it, without any danger, to see how
high the water goes.”

  “Do you know the locality?” demanded Cosmo.
“As well as I know a compass-card!” exclaimed
the captain. “I’ve seen the Europa peaks a hun-
dred times. I was wrecked once on that coast, and
being of an inquiring disposition, I took the op-
portunity to go up into the range and see the old
mines—and a curious sight it was, too. But the
most curious sight of all was the shepherdesses of
Tresvido, dressed just like the men, in homespun
breeches that never wore out. You’d meet ’em any
where on the slopes of the Pico del Ferro, cruising
about with their flocks. And the cheese that they
made! There never was any such cheese!”

  “Well, if you know the place so well,” said Cosmo,
“steer for it as fast as you can. I’m curious to find
out just how high this flood has gone, up to the
present moment.”

  “Maybe we can rescue a shepherdess,” returned
the captain, chuckling. “She’d be an ornament *to
your new Garden of Eden."

  They kept on until, as they approached longitude
five degrees west, they began to get glimpses of the
mountains of northern Spain. The coast was all
under deep water, and also the foot-hills and lower
THE SECOND DELUGE

953

ranges, But some of the peaks could be made out far
inland. At length, by cautious navigation, Captain
Arms got the vessel quite close to the old shore line
of the Asturias, and then he recognized the Europa
peaks.

  "There they are,” he cried. “I’d know ’em if
they’d emigrated to the middle of Africa. There’s
the old Torre de Cerredo and the Pena Santa.

  “How high did you say the main peak is?” asked
Cosmo.

  “She’s eight thousand six hundred and seventy
feet.”

  "From your knowledge of the coast do you think
it safe to run in closer?”

  “Yes, if you’re sure the water is not less than
two thousand four hundred feet above the old level
we can get near enough to see the water-line on the
peaks, from the cro’-nest, which is two hundred
feet high.”

  "Go ahead, then.”

  They got closer than they had imagined possible,
so close that, from the highest lookout on the Ark,
they were able with their telescopes to see very
clearly where the water washed the barren moun-
tainsides at what seemed to be a stupendous eleva-
tion.

  “I’m sorry about your shepherdesses,” said Cos-
mo, smiling. “I don’t think you’d find any there to
rescue if you could get to them. They must all have
been lost in the torrents that poured down those
mountains.”

  "More’s the pity,” said Captain Arms. “That was
a fine lot of women. There’ll be no more cheese like
what they made at Tresvido.”

  Cosmo inquired if the captain’s acquaintance with
the topography of the range enabled him to say how
high that water was. The captain, after long in-
spection, declared that he felt sure that it was not
less than four thousand feet above the old coast
line.

  “Then,” said Cosmo, “if you’re right about the
elevation of what you call the Torre de Cerredo
there must be four thousand six hundred and
seventy feet of its upper part still out of water.
We’ll see if that is so.”

  Cosmo made the measurements with his instru-
ments, and announced that the result showed the
substantial accuracy of Captain Arms’ guess.

  “I suspected as much,” he muttered. “Those tre-
mendous downpours, which may have been worse
elsewhere than where we encountered them, have
increased the rise nearly seventy per cent above
what my gages indicated. Now that I know this,”
he continued, addressing the captain: “I’ll change
the course of the Ark. I’m anxious to get into the
Indian Ocean as soon as possible. It would be a
great waste of time to go back in order to cross the
Sahara, and with this increase of level it isn’t nec-
essary. We’ll just set out across southern France,
keeping along north of the Pyrenees, and ao down
into the region of the Mediterranean.”-

  Captain Arms was astonished by the boldness of
this suggestion, and at first he strongly objected to
their taking such a course.

  “There’s some pretty high ground in southern
France,” he said. "There’s the Cevennes moun«

tains, which approach a good long way toward the
Pyrenees. Are you sure the depth of water is the
same everywhere?”

  “What a question for an old mariner to ask!”
returned Cosmo. Don’t you know that the level of
the sea is the same everywhere? The flood doesn’t
make any difference. It seeks its level like any
other water.”

  “But it may be risky steering between those
mountains,” persisted the captain.

  “Nonsense! As long as the sky is clear you can
get good observations, and you ought to be navi-
gator enough not to run on a mountain.”

  Cosmo Versal, as usual, was unalterable in his
resolution—he only changed when he had reasons
of his own—and the course of the Ark was laid, ac-
cordingly, for the old French coast of the Landes,
so low that it was now covered with nearly four
thousand feet of water. The feelings of the passen-
gers were deeply stirred when they learned that
they were actually sailing over buried Europe, and
they gazed in astonishment at the water beneath
them, peering down into it as if they sought to dis-
cover the dreadful secrets that it hid, and talking
excitedly in a dozen languages.

  The Ark progressed slowly, making not more than
five or six knots, and on the second day after they
dropped the Penas de Europa they were passing
along the northern flank of the Pyrenees and over
the basin in which had lain the beautiful city of
Pau. The view of the Pyrenees from this point had
always been celebrated as one of the most remark-
able in the world.

  Now it had lost its beauty, but gained in spectac-
ular grandeur. All of France, as far as the eye ex-
tended, was a sea, with long oceanic swells slowly
undulating its surface. This sea abruptly came to
an end where it met the mountains, which formed
for it a coast unlike any that the hundreds of eyes
which wonderingly surveyed it from the Ark had
ever beheld.

  Beyond the drowned vales and submerged ranges,
which they knew lay beneath the watery floor, be-
fore them, rose the heads of the Pic du Midi, the
Pic de Ger, the Pic de Bigorre, the Massif du
Gabizos, the Pic Monn6, and dozens of other famous
eminences, towering in broken ranks like the bear-
skins of a “forlorn hope,” resisting to the last, in
pictures of old-time battles.

  Here, owing to the configuration of the drowned
land it was possible for the Ark to approach quite
close to some of the wading mountains, and Cosmo
seized the opportunity to make a new measure of the
height of the flood, which he found to be surely not
less than his former estimates had shown.

  Surveying with telescopes the immense shoulders
of the MonnS, the Vicos, the d’Ardiden, and the
nearer heights, when they were floating above the
valley of Lourdes, Cosmo and the captain saw the
terrible effects that had been produced by the tor-
rents of rain, which had stripped off the vegetation
whose green robe had been the glory of the high
Pyrenees on the French side.

  Presently their attention was arrested by some
moving objects, and at a second glance they per-
ceived that there were human beings.
954

AMAZING STORIES

  “Good Heaven!” exclaimed Cosmo Versal. “There
are survivors here. They have climbed the moun-
tains, and found shelter among the rocks. I should
not have thought it possible.”

  “And there are women among them,” said Cap-
tain Arms, lowering his telescope. “You will not
leave them there!”

  “But what can I do?”

  “Lower away the boats,” replied the captain.
“We’ve got plenty of them.”

  “There may be thousands there,” returned Cos-
mo, musing. “I can’t take them all.”

  “Then take as many as you can. By gad, sir, TU
not leave ’em!”

  By this time somp of the passengers who had
powerful glasses had discovered the refugees on
the distant heights, and great excitement spread
throughout the Ark. Cries arose from all parts of
the vessel:

  “Rescue them!” “Go to their aid!” “Don’t let
them perish!”

  Cosmo Versal was in a terrible quandary. He was
by no means without humanity, and was capable
of deep and sympathetic feeling, as we have seen,
but he already had as many persons in the Ark as
he thought ought to be taken, considering the pro-
vision that had been made, and, besides, he could
not throw off, at once, his original conviction of the
necessity of carefully choosing his companions. He
remained for a long time buried in tho'ught, while
the captain fumed with impatience, and at last de-
clared that if Cosmo did not give the order to lower
away the boats he would do it himself.

  At length Cosmo, yielding rather to his own hu-
mane feelings than to the urging of others, con-
sented to make the experiment. Half a dozen levi-
um launches were quickly lowered and sent off,
while the Ark, with slowed engines, remained de-
scribing a circle as near the mountains as it was
safe to go. Cosmo himself embarked in the leading
boat.

  The powerful motors of the launches carried them
rapidly to the high slopes where the unfortunates
had sought refuge, and as they approached, and the
poor fugitives saw that deliverance was at hand,
they began to shout, and cheer, and cry, and many
of them fell on their knees upon the rocks and
stretched their hands toward the heavens.

  The launches were compelled to move with great
caution when they got near the ragged sides of the
submerged mountains (it was the Peyre Dufau on
which the people had taken refuge), but the men
aboard them were determined to effect the rescue,
and they regarded no peril too closely. At last
Cosmo’s launch found a safe landing, and the, others
quickly followed it.

  When Cosmo sprang out on a flat rock a crowd
of men, women, and children, weeping, crying, sob-
bing, and uttering prayers and blessings, instantly
surrounded him. Some wrung his hand in an
ecstasy of joy, some embraced him, some dropped on
their knees before him and sought to kiss his hands.
Cosmo could not restrain his tears, and the crews
of the launches were equally affected.

  Many of these people could only speak the patois
of the mountains, but some were refugees from the

resorts in the valleys below, and among these were
two English tourists who had been caught among
the mountains by the sudden rising of the flood.
They exhibited comparative sang froid, and served
as spokesmen for the others.

  “Bah Jove!” exclaimed one of them, “but you’re
welcome, you know! This has been a demnition
close call! But what kind of a craft have you got
out there?”

  “I’m Cosmo Versal.”

  “Then that’s the Ark we’ve heard about! ’Pon
honor, I should have recognized you, for I’ve seen
your picture often enough. You’ve come to take us
off, I suppose?”

  “Certainly,” replied Cosmo. “How many are
there?”

  “All that you see here; about a hundred I should
say. No doubt there are others on the mountains
round. There must have been a thousand of us
when we started, but most of them perished, over-
come by the downpour, or swept away by the tor-
rents. Lord Swansdown (indicating his compan-
ion, who bowed gravely and stiffly) and myself—■
I’m Edward Whistlington—set out to walk over
the Pyrenees from end to end, after the excitement
about the great darkness died out, and we got as far
as the Marbore, and then running down to Gavarnie
we heard news of the sea rising, but we didn’t give
too much credit to that, and afterward, keeping up
in the heights, we didn’t hear even a rumor from
the world below.

  “The sky opened on us like a broadside from an
aerial squadron, and how we ever managed to get
here I’m sure I can hardly tell. We were actually
carried down the mountainsides by the water, and
how it failed to drown us will be an everlasting
mystery. Somehow, we found ourselves among
these people, who were trying to go up, assuring
us that there was nothing but water below. And at
last we discovered some sort of shelter here—and
here we’ve been ever since.”

  “You cannot have had much to eat,” said Cosmo.
“Not too much, I assure you,” replied the English-
man, with a melancholy smile. “But these people
shared with us what little they had, or could find—
anything and everything that was eatable. They’re
a devilish fine lot, I tell you!”

  “When the terrible rain suddenly ceased and the
sky cleared,” he resumed, “we managed to get dry,
after a day or two, and since then we’ve been chew-
ing leather until there isn’t a shoe or a belt left.
We thought at first of trying to build rafts—but
then where could we go? It wasn’t any use to sail
out over a drowned country, with nothing in sight
but the mountains around us, which looked no bet-
ter than the one we were barely existing on.”

  “Then I must get you aboard the Ark before you
starve,” said Cosmo.

  “Many have died of starvation already,” returned
Whistlington. "You can’t get us off too quiek.”
Cosmo Versal had by this time freed himself of
every trace of the reluctance which he had at first
felt to increasing the size of his ship’s company by
adding recruits picked up at random. His sym-
pathies were thoroughly aroused, and while he has-
tened the loading and departure of the launches, he
THE SECOND DELUGE

95?

asked the Englishmen who, with the impassive en-
durance of their race, stayed behind to the last,
whether they thought that there were other refu-
gees on the mountains whom they could reach.

  “I dare say there are thousands of the poor devils
on these peaks around us, wandering among the
rocks,” replied Edward Whistlington, “but I fancy
you couldn’t reach ’em.”

  “If I see any I’ll try,” returned Cosmo, sweeping
with his telescope all the mountain flanks within
view.

  At last, on the slopes of the lofty Mont Aigu
across the submerged valley toward the south, he
caught sight of several human figures, one of which
was plainly trying to make signals, probably to at-
tract attention from the Ark. Immediately, with
the Englishmen and the remainder of those who had
been found on the Peyre Dufau, he hastened in his
launch to the rescue.

  They found four men and three women, who had
escaped from the narrow valley containing the
bains de Gazost, and who were in the last stages of
starvation. These were taken aboard, and then, no
more being in sight, Cosmo returned to the Ark,
where the other launches had already arrived.

  And these were the last that were rescued from
the mighty range of the Pyrenees, in whose deep
valleys had lain the famous resorts of Cauterets,
the Eaux Bonnes, the Eaux Chaudes, the Bagnieres
de Luchon, the Bagnieres de Bigorre, and a score of
others. No doubt, as the Englishmen had said,
thousands had managed to climb the mountains, but
none could now be seen, and those who may have
been there were left to perish.

  There was great excitement in the Ark on the
arrival of the refugees. The passengers over-
whelmed them with kind attentions, and when they
had sufficiently recovered, listened with wonder and
the deepest sympathy to their tales of suffering
and terror.

  Lord Swansdown and Edward Whistlington were
amazed to find their king aboard the Ark, and the
English members of the company soon formed a
sort of family party, presided over by the unfortu-
nate monarch. The rescued persons numbered, in all,
one hundred and six.

  The voyage of the Ark was now resumed, skirt-
ing the Pyrenees, but at an increasing distance.
Finally Captain Arms announced that, according
to his observations, they were passing over the site
of the ancient and populous city of Toulouse. This
recalled to Cosmo Versal’s memory the beautiful
scenes of the fair and rich land that lay so deep
under the Ark, and he began to talk with the cap-
tain about the glories of its history.

  He spoke of the last great conqueror that the
world had known, Napoleon, and was discussing
his marvelous career, and referring to the fact that
he had died on a rock in the midst of that very
ocean which had now swallowed up all the scenes
of his conquests, when the lookout telephoned down
that there was something visible on the water
ahead.

  In a little while they saw it—a small moving ob-
ject, which rapidly approached the Ark. As it drew
nearer both exclaimed at once:

  “The Jules Veme! Here comes the Jules Verne!”
There could be no mistaking it. It was riding
with its back just above the level of the sea; the
French flag was fluttering from a small mast, and
already they could perceive the form of de Beaux-
champs, standing in his old attitude, with his feet
below the rim of the circular opening at the top.
Cosmo ordered the Stars and Stripes to be displayed
in salute, and, greatly pleased over the encounter,
hurried below and had the companion-ladder made
ready.

  “He’s got to come aboard this time, anyhow!”
he exclaimed. “I’ll take no refusal. I want to know
that fellow better.”

  But this time de Beauxchamps had no thought of
refusing the hospitalities of the Ark. As soon as
he was within hearing he called out:

  “My salutations to M. Versal and his charming
fellow voyagers. May I be permitted to come aboard
and present myself in person? I have something
deeply interesting to tell.”

  Everybody in the Ark who could find a stand-
ing-place was watching the Jules Verne and trying
to catch a glimpse of its gallant captain, and to hear
what he said; and the moment his request was pre-
ferred a babel of voices arose, amid which could be
distinguished such exclamations as:

  “Let him come!” “A fine fellow!” “Welcome,
de Beauxchamps!” “Hurrah for the Jules Veme!”
King Richard was in the fore rank of ihe specta-
tors, waving his hand to his preserver.

  “Certainly you can come aboard,” cried Cosmo
heartily, at the same time hastening the prepara-
tions for lowering the ladder. “We are all glad to
see you. And bring your companions along with
you.”

CHAPTER XIX.

To Paris Under the Sea

DE BEAUXCHAMPS accepted Cosmo Versal’s
invitation to bring his companions with
him into the Ark. The submersible was
safely moored alongside, where she rode easily in
company with the larger vessel, and all mounted
the companion-ladder. The Frenchman’s six com-
panions were dressed, like himself, in the uniform
of the army.

  “Curious,” muttered Captain Arms in Cosmo’s
ear, “that these soldiers should be the only ones to
get off—and in a vessel, too. What were the sea-
men about?”

  “What were our seamen about?” returned Cosmo.
“How many of them got off? I warned them that
ships would not do. But it was a bright idea of
this’de Beauxchamps and his friends to build a
submersible. It didn’t occur to me, or I would have
advised their construction everywhere for small
parties. But it would never have done for us. A
submersible would not have been capacious enough
for the party I wanted to take.”

  By this time the visitors were aboard, and Cosmo
and the others who could get near enough to grasp
them by the hand greeted them effusively. King
Richard received de Beauxchamps with emotion,
and thanked him again and again for having saved
956

AMAZING STORIES

his life; but, in the end, he covered his face and
said in a broken voice:

  “M. de Beauxchamps, my gratitude to you is very
deep—but, oh, the queen—the queen—and the
children! I should have done better to perish with
them.”

  Cosmo and de Beauxchamps soothed him as well
as they could, and the former led the way into the
grand saloon, in order that as many as possible
might see and greet their visitors, who had come so
mysteriously up out of the sea.

  All of the Frenchmen were as affable as their
leader, and he presented them in turn. De Beaux-
champs conversed almost gaily with such of the
ladies as had sufficient command of their feelings to
join the throng that pressed about him and his
companions. He was deeply touched by the story
of the recent rescue of his countrymen from the
Pyrenees, and he went among them, trying to cheer
them up, with the Sian that no misfortune can eradi-
cate from the Gallic nature.

  At length Cosmo reminded him that he had said
that he had some interesting news to communicate.

  “Yes,” said de Beauxchamps, “I have just come
from a visit to Paris.”

  Exclamations of amazement and incredulity were
heard on all sides.

  “It is true,” resumed the Frenchman, though
now his voice lost .all its gaiety. “I had conceived
the project of such a visit before I met the Ark and
transferred His Majesty, the King of England, to
vour care. As soon as that was done I set out to
uake the attempt.”

  “But tell me first,” interrupted Cosmo, “how you
succeeded in finding the Ark again.”

  “That was not very difficult,” replied de Beaux-
champs, smiling. “Of course, it was to some extent
accidental, for I didn’t know that you would be
here, navigating over France; but I had an idea that
you might come this way if you had an intention of
seeing what had happened to Europe. It is my reg-
ular custom to rise frequently to the surface to take
a look around and make surer of my bearings, and
you know that the Ark makes a pretty large point
on the waters. I saw it long before you caught sight
of me.”

  “Very well,” said Cosmo. “Please go on with
your story. It must, indeed, be an extraordinary
one.”

  “I was particularly desirous of seeing Paris
again, deep as I knew her to lie under the waves,”
resumed de Beauxchamps, “because it was my home,
and I had a house in the Champs Elysees. You can-
not divorce the heart of a Frenchman from his
home, though you should bury it under twenty
oceans.”

  “Your family were lost?”

  “Thank God, I had no family. If I had had they
would be with me. My companions are all like my-
self in that respect. We have lost many friends,
but no toear relatives. As I was saying, I started
for France, poor drowned France, as soon as I left
you. With the powerful search-light of the Jules
Verne I could feel confident of avoiding obstruc-
tions; and, besides, I knew very closely the height
to which the flood had risen, and having the topo-

graphy of my country at my fingers’ ends, as does
every officer of the army, I was able to calculate the
depth at which we should run in order to avoid the
hilltops.”

  “But surely,” said Cosmo, “it is impossible—at
least, it seems so to me—that you can descend to
any great depth—the pressure must be tremendous
a few hundred feet down, to say nothing of pos-
sible thousands.”

  “All that,” replied the Frenchman, “has been
provided for. You probably do not know to what
extent we had carried experiments in France on
the deep submersion of submarines before their
general abandonment when they were prohibited
by international agreement in war. I was myself
perhaps the leader in those investigations, and in
the construction of the Jules Verne I took pains to
improve on all that had hitherto been done.

  “Without going into any description of my de-
vices, I may simply remind you that nature has
pointed out ways of avoiding the consequences of
the inconceivable pressures which calculation indi-
cates at depths of a kilometer, or more, in her con-
struction of the deep-sea fishes. It was by a study
of them that I arrived at the secret of both pene-
trating to depths that would theoretically have
seemed entirely impossible and of remaining at such
depths.”

  “Marvelous!” exclaimed Cosmo; “marvelous be-
yond belief!”

  “I may add,” continued de Beauxchamps, smiling1
at the effect that his words had had upon the mind
of the renowned Cosmo Versal, “that the peculiar
properties of levium, which you so wisely chose for
your Ark, aided me in quite a different way. But I
must return to my story.

  “We passed over the coast of France near the
point where I knew lay the mouth of the Loire. I
could have found my way by means of the com-
pass sufficiently well; but since the sky was clear I
frequently came to the surface in order, for greater
certainty, to obtain sights of the sun and stars.

  “I dropped down at Tours and at Blois, and we
plainly saw the walls of the old chateaux in the
gleam of the search-light below us. There were
monsters of the deep, such as the eye of man never
beheld, swimming slowly about them, many of them
throwing a strange luminosity into the water from
their phosphorescent organs, as if they were in-
specting these novelties of the sea-bottom.

  “Arriving over Orleans, we turned in the direc-
tion of Paris. As we approached the site of the city
I sank the submersible until we almost touched the
higher hills. My search-light is so arranged that
it can be directed almost every way—up, down, to
this side, and to that—and we swept it round us in
every direction.

  “The light readily penetrated the water and re-
vealed sights which I have no power to describe,
and some—reminders of the immense population
of human beings which had there met its end—
which I would not describe if I could. To see a
drowned face suddenly appear outside the window,
almost within touch—ah, that was too horrible!

  “We passed over Versailles, with the old palace
still almost intact; over Sevres, with its porcelain
THE SECOND DELUGE

957

manufactory yet in part standing—the tidal waves
that had come up the river from the sea evidently
caused much destruction just before the downpour
began—and finally we ‘entered’ Paris.

  “We could see the embankments of the Seine be-
neath us as we passed up its course from the Point
du Jour. From the site of the Champ de Mars I
turned northward in search of the older part of
the Champs Elysees, where my house was, and we
came upon the great Arc de Triomphe, which, you
remember, dates from the time of Napoleon.

  “It was apparently uninjured, even the huge
bronze groups remaining in their places, and the
search-light, traversing its face, fell upon the heroic
group of the Marseillaise on the east facade. You
must have seen that, M. Versal?”

  “Yes, many a time,” Cosmo replied. “The fury
in the face of the female figure representing the
spirit of war, chanting the ‘Marseillaise,’ and,
sword in hand, sweeping over the heads of the
soldiers, is the most terrible thing of human making
that I ever looked upon.”

  “It was not so terrible as another thing that our
startled eyes saw there,” said de Beauxchamps.
“Coiled round the upper part of the Arch, with its
head resting directly upon that of the figure of
which you speak, was a monstrous, ribbon-shaped
creature, whose fiat, reddish body, at least a meter
in width and apparently thirty meters long, and
bordered with a sort of floating frill of a pinkish
color, undulated with a motion that turned us sick
at heart.

  “But the head was the most awful object that the
fancy of a madman could conceive. There were two
great round, projecting eyes, encircled with what
I suppose must have been phosphorescent organs,
which spread around in the water a green light that
was absolutely horrifying.

  “I turned away the search-light, and the eyes of
that creature stared straight at us with a dread-
ful, stony look; and then the effect of the phos-
phorescence, heightened by the absence of the
greater light, became more terrible than before.
We were unmanned, and I hardly had nerve enough
to turn the submersible away and hurry from the
neighborhood.”

  “I had not supposed,” said Cosmo, “that creatures
of such a size could live in the deeper parts of the
sea.”

  “I know,” returned de Beauxchamps, “that many
have thought that the abysmal creatures were
generally of small size, but they knew nothing about
it. What could one have expected to learn of the
secrets of life in the ocean depths from the small
creatures which alone the trawls brought to the
surface ? The great monsters could not be captured
in that way. But we have seen them—seen them
taking possession of beautiful, drowned Paris—and
we know what they are.”

  The fascinated hearers who had crowded about
to listen to the narrative of de Beauxchamps shud-
dered at this part of it, and some of the women
turned away with exclamations of horror.

  “I see that I am drawing my picture in too
fearful colors,” he said, “and I shall refrain from
telling of the other inhabitants of the abyss that

we found in possession of what I, as a Frenchman,
must call the most splendid capital that the world
contained.

   “Oh, to think that all that beauty, all those great
palaces filled with the masterworks of art, all those
proud architectural piles, all that scene of the most
joyous life that the earth contained, is now become
the dwelling-place of the terrible fauna of the deep,
creatures that never saw the sun; that never felt
the transforming force of the evolution which had
made the face of the globe so glorious; that never
quitted their abysmal homes until this awful flood
spread their empire over the whole earth!”

  There was a period of profound silence while de
Beauxchamps’s face worked spasmodically under
the influence of emotions, the sight of which would
alone have sufficed to convince his hearers of the
truth of what he had been telling. Finally Cosmo
Versal, breaking the silence, asked:

  “Did you find your home?”

  “Yes. It was there. I found it out. I illuminated
it with the search-light. I gazed into the broken
windows, trying to peer through the watery medium
that filled and darkened the interior. The roof
was broken, but the walls were intact. I thought
of the happy, happy years that I had passed there
when I had a family, and when Paris was an Eden,
the sunshine of the world. And then I wished to
see no more, and we rose out of the midst of that
sunken city and sought the daylight far above.

  “I had thought to tell you,” he continued, after
a pause, “of the condition in which we found the
great monuments of the city—of the Pantheon, yet-
standing on its hill with its roof crushed in; of
Notre Dame—a wreck, but the towers still standing
proudly; of the old palace of the Louvre, through
whose broken roofs and walls we caught glimpses
of the treasures washed by the water within—but I
find that I have not courage to go on. I had
imagined that it would be a relief to speak of these
things, but I do not find it so.”

  “After leaving Paris, then, you made no other
explorations?” said Cosmo.

  “None. I would have had no heart for more.

I had seen enough. And yet I do not regret that I
went there. I should never have been content not
to have seen my beautiful city once more, even lying
in her watery shroud. I loved her living; I have
seen her dead. It is finished. What more is there,
M. Versal?” With a sudden change of manner:
“You have predicted all this, and perhaps you know
more. Where do we go to die?”

  “We shall not die,” replied Cosmo Versal force-
fully. “The Ark and your Jules Verne will save us.”
“To what purpose?” demanded the Frenchman,
his animation all gone. “Can there be any plea-
sure in floating upon or beneath the waves that
cover a lost world? Is a brief prolongation of such
a life worth the effort of grasping for?”

  “Yes,” said Cosmo with still greater energy. “We
may still save the race. I have chosen most of my
companions in the Ark for that purpose. Not only
may we save the race of man, but we may lead it up
upon a higher plane; we may apply the principles
of eugenics as they have never yet been applied.
You, M. de Beauxchamps, have shown that you are
958

'AMAZING STORIES

of the stock that is required for the regeneration of
the world.”

   “But where can the world be regenerated?” asked
de Beauxchamps with a bitter laugh. “There is
nothing left but mountain-tops.”

  “Even they will be covered,” said Cosmo.

   "Do you mean that the deluge has not yet reached
its height?”

   “Certainly it has not. We are in an open space in
the enveloping nebula. After a little we shall enter
the nucleus, and then will come the worst.”

   “And yet you talk of saving the race!” exclaimed
the Frenchman with another bitter laugh.

   “I do,” replied Cosmo, “and it will be done.”
   “But how?”

  “Through the reemergence of land.”

  “That recalls our former conversation,” put in
Professor Abel Able. “It appears to me impossible
that, when the earth is once covered with a univer-
sal ocean, it can ever disappear or materially lower
its level. Geological ages would be required for
the level of the water to be lowered even a few
feet by the escape of vapor into space.”

  “No,” returned Cosmo Versa!, “I have demon-
strated that that idea is wrong. Under the immense
pressure of an ocean rising six miles above the
.ancient sea level the water will rapidly be forced
into the interstices of the crust, and thus a ma-
terial reduction of level will be produced within a
few years—live at the most. That will give us
a foothold. I have no doubt that even now the
water around us is slightly lowering through that
cause.

   “3ut in itself that will not be sufficient. I have
gone all over this ground in my original calcula-
tions. The intrusion of the immense mass of ocean
water into the interior of the crust of the earth will
result in a grand geological upheaval. The lands
will reemerge above the new sea level as they
emerged above the former one through the internal
stresses of the globe.”

   The scientific men present listened with breath-
less interest, but some of them with many incredul-
ous shakings of the head.

  “You must be aware,” continued Cosmo, ad-
dressing them particularly, “that it has been demon-
strated that the continents and the great mountain
ranges are buoyed up, and, as it were, are floating
somewhat like slags on the internal magma. The
mean density of the crust is less under the land
and the mountains than under the old seabeds. This
is especially true of the Himalayan region.

   “That uplift is probably the most recent of all,
and it is there, where at present the highest land
of the globe exists, that I expect that the new up-
heaval will be most strongly manifested. It is for
that reason, and not merely because it is now the
highest part of the earth, that I am going with the
Ark to Asia.”

  “But,” said Professor Jeremiah Moses, “the up-
heaval of which you speak may produce a complete
revolution in the surface of the earth, and if new
lands are upthrust they may appear at unexpected
points.”

  “Not at all,” returned Cosmo. ‘The tectonic
features of the globe were fixed at the beginning.

As Asia has hitherto been the highest and the great-
est mass of land, it will continue to be so in
the future. It is there, believe me, that we shall
replant the seed of humanity.”

  “Do you not think,” asked Professor Alexander
Jones, “that there will be a tremendous outburst
of volcanic energy, if such upheavals occur, and
may not that render the reemerging lands unin-
habitable 7”

  “No^ doubt,” Cosmo replied, “every form of
plutonic energy will be immensely reenforced. You
remember the recent outburst of all the volcanoes
when the sea burst over the borders of the con-
tinents. But these forces will be mainly expended
in an effort of uplifting. Unquestionably there will
be great volcanic spasms, but they will not pre-
vent the occupation of the broadening areas of land
which will not be thus affected.”

  “Upon these lands,” exclaimed Sir Wilfred Athel-
stone, in a loud voice, “I will develop life from the
barren minerals of the crust. The age of chemical
parthenogenesis will then have dawned upon the
earth, and man will have become a creator.”

  “Will the Sir Englishman give me room for a
word!” cried Costak6 Theriade, raising his tall
form on his toes and agitating his arms in the air.
“He will create not anything! It is I that will un-
loose the energies of the atoms of matter and make
of the new man a new god.”

  Cosmo Vers&l quieted the incipient outbreak of
his jealous “speculative geniuses,” and the discus-
sion of his theory was continued for some time. At
length de Beauxchamps, shrugging his shoulders,
exclaimed, with a return of his habitual gaiety:
"Tres bien! Vive the world of Cosmo Versdl!
I salute the new Eve that is to come!”

CHAPTER XX

The Adventures in Colorado

WHEN Professor Pludder, the President and
their companions on the aeroraft, saw the
three men on the bluff motioning and
shouting to them, they immediately sought the
means of bringing their craft to land. This did
not prove to be exceedingly difficult, for there was a
convenient rock with deep water around it on which
they could disembark.

  The men ran down to meet them, and to help them
ashore, exhibiting the utmost astonishment at see-
ing them there.

  “Whar in creation did you come from?” exclaimed
one, giving the professor a pull up the bank. “Meb-
be you’re Cosmo Versfil, and that’s yer Ark.”

    “I’m Professor Pludder, and this is the Presi-
dent of the United States.”

  “The President of the Un— See here, stranger,
I’ll take considerable from you, considering the fix
yer in, but you don’t want to go too fur.”

  “It’s true,” asseverated the Professor. “This
gentleman is the President, and we’ve escaped from
Washington. Please help the ladies.”

  “I’ll help the ladies all right, but I’m blamed
if I believe yer yarn. How’d you git here? You
couldn’t hev floated across the continent on that
thing.”
THE SECOND DELUGE

959

  “We came on the raft that you see,” interrupted
Mr. Samson. “We left the Appalachian Mountains
two weeks ago.”

  “Well, by—it must be true!” muttered the man.
“They couldn’t hev come from anywhar else in
that direction. I reckon the hull blamed continent
is under water.”

  “So it is,” said Professor Pludder, “and we made
for Colorado knowing that it was the only land left
above the flood.”

  All finally got upon the bluff, rejoiced to feel solid
ground once more beneath their feet. But it was a
desolate prospect that they saw before them. The
face of the land had been scoured and gullied by the
pouring waters, the vegetation had been stripped
off, except where in hollows it had been covered
with new-formed lakes, some of which had drained
off after the downpour ceased, the water finding its
way into the enveloping sea.

  They asked the three men what had become of the
other inhabitants, and whether there was any
shelter at hand.

  “We’ve be’n wiped out,” said the original spokes-
man. “Cosmo Versal has done a pretty clean job
with his flood. There’s a kind of a cover that we
three hev built, a ways back yonder, out o’ timber
o’ one kind and another that was lodged about. But
it wouldn’t amount to much if there was another
cloudburst. It wouldn’t stand a minute. It’s good
to sleep in.”

  “Are you the only survivors in this region?”
asked the President.

  “I reckon you see all thet’s left of us. The’ ain’t
one out o’ a hundred that’s left alive in these
parts.”

  “What became of them?"

“Swept off!” replied the man, with an'expressive
gesture—“and drownded right out under the sky.”
“And how did you and your company escape?
“By gitting up amongst some rocks that was
higher’n the average.”

  “How did you manage to live—what did you have
to eat?”

  “We didn’t eat much—we didn’t hev much time
to think o’ eatin’. We had one hoss with us, and
he served, when his time come. After the sky
cleared we skirmished about and dug up something
that we could manage to eat, lodged in gullies where
the water had washed together what had been in
houses and cellars. We’ve got a gun and a little
ammunition, and once in a while we could kill an
animal that had contrived to escape somehow.”
“And you think that there are no other human
beings left alive anywhere around here?”

  “I know th’ ain’t. The’s probably some up in the
foot-hills, and around the Pike. They had a better
chance to git among rocks. We hed jest made up
our minds to go hunting for ’em when we ketched
sight o’ you, and then we concluded to stay and
see who you was.”

  “I’m surprised that you didn’t go sooner.”

  “We couldn’t. There was a roarin’ torrent com-
ing down from the mountains that cut us off. It’s
only last night that it stopped.”

  “Well, it’s evident that we cannot stay here,"
said Professor Pludder. “We must go with these

men toward the mountains. Let us take what’s
left of the compressed provisions out of the raft,
and then we’ll eat a good meal and be off.”

  The three men were invited to share the repast,
and they ate with an appetite that would have
amused their hosts if they had not been so anxious
to reserve as much as possible of their provisions
for future necessities.

  The meal finished, they started off, their ne\tf
friends aiding to carry provisions, and what little
extra clothing there was. The aspect of the country
they traversed affrighted them. Here and there
were partially demolished houses or farm struc-
tures, or cellars, choked with debris of what had
once been houses.

  Farm implements and machinery were scattered
about and half buried in the torrent-furrowed land.
In the wreck of one considerable village through
which they passed they found a stone church, and
several stone houses of considerable pretentions,
standing almost intact as to walls, but with roofs,
doors and windows smashed and torn off.

  It was evident that this place, which lay in a
depression of the land, had been buried by the
rushing water as high as the top stories of the
buildings. From some of the sights that they saw
they shrank away, and afterward tried to forget
them.

  Owing to the presence of the women and chil-
dren their progress was slower than it might other-
wise have been. They had great difficulty in cross-
ing the course of the torrent which their compan-
ions had described as cutting them off from the
foot-hills of the Pike’s Peak range.

  The water had washed out a veritable canon, a
hundred or more feet deep in places, and with rag-
ged, precipitous walls and banks, which they had to
descend on one side and ascend on the other. Here
the skill and local knowledge of their three new-
found friends stood them in good stead. There was
yet enough water in the bottom of the great gully to
compel them to wade, carrying the women and
children.

  But, just before nightfall, they succeeded in reach-
ing a range of rocky heights, where they deter-
mined to pass the night. They managed to make a
fire with brush that had been swept down the moun-
tain flanks and had remained wedged in the rocks,
and thus they dried their soaked garments, and
were able to do some cooking, and to have a blaze
to give them a little heat during the night, for
the air turned cold after the disappearance of the
sun.

  When the others had sunk into an uneasy slum-
ber, the President and Professor Pludder sat long,
replenishing the fire, and talking of their future
course.

  “I think,” said the professor, “that we shall find
a considerable population alive among the moun-
tains. There is nothing in Colorado below four
thousand feet elevation, and not much below five
thousand. The great inner ‘parks’ were probably
turned into lakes, but they will drain off, as the
land around us here has done already.

  “Those who managed to find places of comparative
shelter will now descend into the level lands and
960

AMAZING STORIES

try to hunt up the site of their homes. If only
some plants and grain have been preserved they can,
after a fashion, begin to cultivate the soil.”

  “But there is no soil,” said the President, shud-
dering at the recollection of the devastation he had
witnessed. It has all been washed off.”

  “No,” replied the professor, “there’s yet a good
deal in the low places, where the water rested.”
“But it is now the middle of winter.”

  “Reckoned by the almanac it is, but you see that
the temperature is that of summer, and has been
such for months. I think that this is due in some
way to the influence of the nebula, although I can-
not account for it. At any rate it will be possible
to plant and sow.

  “The whole body of the atmosphere having been
raised four thousand feet, the atmospheric condi-
tions here now are virtually the same as at the for-
mer sea-level. If we can find the people and re-
assure them, we must take the lead in restoring the
land to fertility, and also in the reconstruction of
homes.”

  “Suppose the flood should recommence?”
  “There is no likelihood of it.”

  “Then,” said the President, putting his face be-
tween his hands and gazing sadly into the fire,
“here is all that remains of the mightiest nation
of the world, the richest, the most populous—and
we are to build up out of this remnant a new
fatherland.”

  “ThiB is not the only remnant,” said Professor
Pludder. One-quarter, at least, of the area of the
United States is still above sea-level. Think of
Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, the larger
part of California, Wyoming, a part of Montana,
two-thirds of Idaho, a half of Oregon and Washing-
ton—all above the critical level of four thousand
feet, and all except the steepest mountain-sides can
be reclaimed.

  “There is hope for our country yet. Remem-
ber that the climate of this entire region will now
be changed, since the barometric isobars have been
lifted up, and the line of thirty inches pressure
now meets the edge of the Colorado plateau. There
may be a corresponding change in the rainfall and
in all the conditions of culture and fertility.”
“Yes,” sighed the President, “but I cannot, I can-
not withdraw my mind from the thought of the
millions, millions, millions who have perished!”

  “I do not say that we should forget them,” re-
plied Professor Pludder; “Heaven forbid! But I
do say that we must give our attention to those that
remain, and turn our faces steadily toward the
future.”

  “Abiel,” returned the President, pressing the
professor’s hand, “you are right. My confidence in
you was shaken, but now I follow you again.”
Thus they talked until midnight, and then got
a little rest with the others. They were up and off
at break of day, and as they mounted higher they
began to encounter immense rocks that had come
tumbling down from above.

  “How can you talk of people escaping toward the
mountains if they had to encounter these?” de-
manded the President.

  “Some of these rocks have undoubtedly been

brought down by the torrents,” Professor Pludder
replied, “but I believe that the greater number fell
earlier, during the earthquakes that accompanied
the first invasions of the sea.”

  “But those earthquakes may have continued all
through.”

  “I do not think so. We have felt no trembling
of the earth. I believe that the convulsions lasted
only for a brief period, while the rocks were yield-
ing to the pressure along the old sea-coast. After
a little the crust below adjusted itself to the new
conditions. And even if the rocks fell while people
were trying to escape from the flood below, they
must, like the water, have followed the gorges and
hollow places, while the fugitives would, of course,
keep upon the ridges.”

  Whatever perils they may have encountered, peo-
ple had certainly escaped as the professor had
averred. When the party, in the middle of the day,
were seated at their lunch, on an elevated point
from which they could see far over the strange
ocean that they had left behind them, while the
southern buttresses of Pike’s Peak rose steeply to-
ward the north, they discovered the first evidence of
the existence of refugees in the mountains. This
was a smoke rising over an intervening ridge,
which their new companions declared could be due
to nothing less than a large camp-fire.

  They hastened to finish their meal, and then
climbed the ridge. As soon as they reached it they
found themselves looking down into a broad, shallow
canon, where there were nearly twenty rudely con-
structed cabins, with a huge fire blazing in the
midst of the place, and half a dozen red-shirted men
busy about it, evidently occupied in the preparation
of the dinner of a large party.

  Their friends recognized an acquaintance in one
of the men below and hailed him with delight. In-
stantly men, women and children came running out
of the huts to look at them, and as they descended
into this improvised village they were received
with a hospitality that was almost hilarious.

  The refugees consisted of persons who had
escaped from the lower lands in the immediate
vicinity, and they were struck dumb when told that
they were entertaining the President of the United
States and his family.

  The entire history of their adventures was re-
lated on both sides. The refugees told how, at the
commencement of the great rain, when it became
evident that the water would inundate their farms
and buildings, they loaded themselves with as many
provisions as they could carry, and, in spite of the
sufFocating downpour that filled the air, managed
to fight their way to the ridge overhanging the
deep cut in which they were now encamped.

  Hardly a quarter of those who started arrived
in safety. They sheltered themselves to the number
of about thirty, in a huge cavern, which faced down
the mountain, and had a slightly upward sloping
floor, so that the water did not enter. Here, by
careful economy, they were able to eke out their
provisions until the sky cleared, after which the
men, being used to outdoor labor and hunting,
contrived to supply the wants of the forlorn littte
community.
THE SECOND DELUGE

961

  They managed to kill a few animals, and found
the bodies of others recently killed, or drowned.
Later they descended into the lowlands, as the water
ran off, and searching among the ruins of their
houses found some remnants of supplies in the cel-
lars and about the foundations of the barns. They
were preparing to go down in a body and seek to
reestablish themselves on the sites of their old
homes, when the President’s party came upon them.

  The meeting with these refugees was but the first
of a series of similar encounters on the way along
the eastern face of the Pike’s Peak range. In the
aggregate they met several hundred survivors who
had established themselves on the site of Colorado
Springs, where a large number of houses, standing
on the higher ground, had escaped.

  They had been soaked with water, descending
through the shattered roofs and broken windows,
and pouring into the basements and cellars; the
fugitives came from all directions, some from the
caverns on the mountains, and some from the rocks
toward the north and east. A considerable number
asserted that they had found refuge in the Garden
of the Gods.

  As near as could be estimated, about a quarter
of the population remained alive. The strong points
of Professor Pludder now, once more, came out
conspicuously. He proved himself an admirable
organizer. He explored all the country round, and
enheartened everybody, setting them to work to
repair the damage as much as possible.

  Some horses and cattle were found whicKTfollow-
ing their instincts, had managed to escape the flood.
In the houses and other buildings yet standing a
great deal of food and other supplies was dis-
covered, so that there was no danger of a famine.
As he had anticipated, the soil had not all been
washed away from the flat land, and he advised the
inhabitants to plant quick-growing seeds at once.

   He utilized the horses to send couriers in all direc-
tions, some going even as far as Denver. Every-
where virtually the same conditions were found—
many had escaped and were alive, only needing the
guidance of a quicker intelligence, and this was sup-
plied by the advice which the professor instructed
his envoys to spread among the people. He sought
to cheer them still more by the information that the
President was among them, and looking out for
their welfare.

  One thing which his couriers at last began to
report to him was a cause of surprise. They said
that the level of the water was rapidly falling.
Some who had gone far toward the east declared
that it had gone down hundreds of feet. But the
professor reflected that this was impossible, because
evaporation could not account for it, and he could
not persuade himself that so much water could have
found its way into the interior of the crust.

  He concluded that his informants had allowed
their hopes to affect their eyesight, and, strong as
usual in his professional dogmas, he made no per-
sonal examination. Besides, Professor Pludder
was beginning to be shaken in his first belief that
all trouble from the nebula was at an end. Once
having been forced to accept the hypothesis that a

watery nebula had met the earth, ha began to reflect
that they might not be through with it.

  In any event, he deemed it wise to prepare for it
if it should come back. Accordingly he advised that
the population that remained should concentrate in
the stronger houses, built of stone, and that every
effort should be made to strengthen them further
and to make the roofs as solid as possible. He also
directed that no houses should be occupied that were
not situated on high ground, surrounded with slopes
that would give ready flow to the water in case the
deluging rain should recommence.

  He had no fixed conviction that it would recom-
mence, but he was uneasy, owing to his reflections,
and wished to be on the safe side. He sent similar
instructions as far as his horsemen could reach.

  The wisdom of his doubts became manifest about
two weeks after the arrival of the President's party.
Without warning the sky, which had been perfectly
blue and cloudless for a month, turned a sickly yel-
low. Then mists hid the head, and in a little while
the entire outline of Pike’s Peak, and after that a
heavy rain began.

  Terror instantly seized the people, and at first
nobody ventured out of doors. But as time went on
and the rain did not assume the proportions of the
former debacle, although it was very heavy and con-
tinuous, hope revived. Everybody was on the watch
for a sudden clearing up.

  Instead of clearing, however, the rain became
very irregular, gushing at time in torrents which
were even worse than the original downpour, but
these tremendous gushes were of brief duration, so
that the water had an opportunity to run off the
higher ground before the next downpour occurred.

  This went on for a week, and then the people
were terrified at finding that water was pouring up
through all the depressions of the land, cutting off
the highlands from Pike’s Peak with an arm of the
sea. It was evident that the flood had been rapidly
rising, and if it should rise but little higher they
would be caught in a trap. The inland sea, it was
clear, had now invaded the whole of Colorado to the
feet of the mountains, and was creeping up on them.

  Just at this time a series of earthquakes began.
They were not severe, but were continuous. The
ground cracked open in places, and some houses
were overturned, but there were no wall-shattering
shocks—only a continual and dreadful trembling,
accompanied by awful subterranean sounds.

  This terrible state of affairs had lasted for a day
before a remarkable discovery was made, which
filled many hearts with joy, although it seemed to
puzzle Professor Pludder as much as it rejoiced him.

  The new advance of the sea was arrested! There
could be no question of that, for too many had
anxiously noted the points to which the water had
attained.

  We have said that Professor Pludder was puz-
zled. He was seeking, in his mind, a connection
between the seismic tremors and the cessation of
the advance of the sea. Inasmuch as the downpour
continued, the flood ought still to rise.

  He rejected as soon as it occurred to him the idea
that the earth could be drinking up the waters as
fast as they fell, and the idea that the trembling
962

AMAZING STORIES

was an accompaniment of this gigantic deglutition.

  Sitting in a room with the President and other
members of the party from Washington, he re-
mained buried in his thoughts, answering inquiries
only in monosyllables. Presently he opened his eyes
very wide and a long-drawn “A-ah!” came from his
mouth. Then he sprang to his feet and cried out,
but only as if uttering a thought aloud to himself:

  “The batkoliteI”

CHAPTER XXI
“The Father of Horror”

AT the time when the President of the United
States and his companions were beginning
to discover the refugees around Pike’s Peak,
Cosmo Versal’s Ark accompanied by the J-ules
Verne, whose commander had decided to remain in
touch with his friends, was crossing the submerged
hills and valleys of Languedoc under a sun as bril-
liant as that which had once made them a land of
gold. De Beauxchamps remained aboard the Ark
much of the time.

  Cosmo liked to have him with himself and Cap-
tain Arms on the bridge, because there they could
talk freely about their plans and prospects, and the
Frenchman was a most entertaining companion.

  Meanwhile, the passengers in the saloons and on
the promenade decks formed little knots and coteries
for conversation, for reading, and for mutual diver-
sion, or strolled about from side to side, watching
the endless expanse of waters for the occasional ap-
pearance of some inhabitant of the deep that had
wandered over the new ocean’s bottom.

  These seemed to be coming to the surface to get
bearings. Every such incident reminded them of
what lay beneath the waves, and led them to think
and talk of the awful fate that had overwhelmed
their fellow men, until the spirits of the most care-
less were subdued by the pervading melancholy.

  King Richard, strangely enough, had taken a lik-
ing for Amos Blank, who was frequently asked to
join the small and somewhat exclusive circle of
compatriots that continually surrounded the fallen
monarch. The billionaire and the king often leaned
elbow to elbow over the rail, and put their heads
companionably together while pointing out some ob-
ject on the sea. Lord Swansdown felt painfully cut
by this, but, of course, he could offer no objection.

  Finally Cosmo invited the king to come upon the
bridge, from which passengers were generally ex-
cluded, and the king insisted that Blank should go,
too. Cosmo consented, for Blank seemed to him to
have become quite a changed man, and was some-
times full of practical suggestions.

  So it happened that when Captain Arms an-
nounced that the Ark was passing over the ancient
city of Carcassonne, Cosmo, the king, de Beaux-
champs, Amos Blank, and the captain were all to-
gether on the bridge. When Captain Arms men-
tioned their location, King Richard became very
thoughtful. After musing for a time he said:

  “Ah! how all these names, Toulouse, Carcassonne,
Languedoc, bring back to me the memory of my
namesake of olden times, Richard I of England.
This, over which we are floating, was the land of the

Troubadours, and Richard was the very Prince of
Troubadours. With all his faults England never
had a king like him!”

  “Knowing your devotion to peace, which was the
reason why I wished you to be of the original com-
pany in the Ark, I am surprised to hear you say
that,” said Cosmo.

  “Ah! But Cceur de Lion was a true Englishman,
even in his love of fighting. What would he say if
he knew where England lies to-day? What would
he say if he knew the awful fate that had come upon
this fair and pleasant land, from whose poets and
singers he learned the art of minstrelsy?”

“He would say, ‘Do not despair,’ ” returned Cos-
mo. “ ‘Show the courage of an Englishman, and
fight for your race if you cannot for your country.’ ”
“But may not England, may not all these lands,
emerge again from the floods?” asked the king.

  “Not in our time, not in our children’s time,” re-
plied Cosmo Versal, thoughtfully shaking his head.
“In the remote future, yes—but I cannot tell how
remote. Tibet was once an appanage of your crown,
before China taught the West what war meant, and
in Tibet you may help to found a new empire, but
I must tell you that it will not resemble the empires
of the past. Democracy will be its corner-stone,
and science its law.

  “Then I devote myself to democracy and science,”
responded King Richard.

  “Good! Admirable!” exclaimed Amos Blank and
de Beauxchamps simultaneously, while Captain
Arms seemed on the point of patting the king on the
back. But his attention, together with that of the
others, was distracted by a huge whale blowing al-
most directly in the course of the Ark.

  “Blessed if I ever expected to see a sight like
that in these parts!” exclaimed the captain. “This
lifting the ocean up into the sky is upsetting the
order of nature. I’d as soon expect to sight a
cachalot on top of the Rocky Mountains.”

  “They’ll be there, too, before long,” said Cosmo.
“I wonder what he's looking for,” continued Cap-
tain Arms. “He must have come down from the
north. He couldn’t have got in through the
Pyrenees or the Sierra Nevadas. He’s just navi-
gated right over the whole country, straight down
from the channel.”

  The whale sounded at the approach of the Ark,
but in a little while he was blowing again off to-
ward the south, and then the passengers caught
sight of him, and there was great excitement.

  He seemed to be of enormous size, and he sent
his fountain to an extraordinary height in the air.
On he went, appearing and disappearing, steering
direct for Africa, until, only with glasses, could
they see his white plume blowing on the horizon.

  Not even the reflection that they themselves were
sailing over Europe impressed some of the pas-
sengers with so vivid a sense of their situation as
the sight of this monstrous inhabitant of the ocean
taking a view of his new domain.

  At night Cosmo continued the concerts and the
presentation of the Shakespearian dramas, and for
an hour each afternoon he had a “conference” in
the saloon, at which Theriade and Sir Athelstone
were almost the sole performers.
THE SECOND DELUGE

963

  Their disputes, and Cosmo’s efforts to keep the
peace, amused for a while, but at length the audi-
ences diminished until Cosmo himself, with his con-
stant companions, the Frenchman, the king, Amos
Blank, the three professors from Washington, and
a few other savants were the only listeners.

  But the music and the plays always drew im-
mensely. Joseph Smith was kept busy most of tho
time in Cosmo’s cabin, copying plans for the re-
generation of mankind.

  When they knew that they had passed over the
borders of France and were sailing above the
Mediterranean Sea, it became necessary to lay their
course with considerable care. Cosmo decided that
the only safe plan would be to run south of Sardinia,
and then keep along between Sicily and Tunis, and
so on toward lower Egypt.

  There he intended to seek a way over the moun-
tains north of the Sinai peninsula into the Syrian
desert, from which he could reach the ancient valley
of the Euphrates and the Persian Gulf. He would
then pass down the Arabian Sea, swing round India,
and Ceylon, and, by way of the Bay of Bengal and
the plains of the Ganges and Brahmaputra, ap-
proach the Himalayas.

  Captain Arms was rather inclined to follow the
Gulf of Suez and the depression of the Red Sea,
but Cosmo was afraid that they would have dif-
ficulty in getting the Ark safely through between
the Mt. Sinai peaks and the Jebel Gharib range.

  “Well, you’re the commodore,” said the captain
at the end of the discussion, “but hang me if I’d
not rather follow a sea, where I know the courses,
than go navigating over mountains and deserts in
the land of Shinar. We’ll land on top of Jerusalem
yet, you’ll see!”

  Feeling sure of plenty of water under keel, they
now made better speed, and de Beauxchamps retired
into the Jules Verne, and detached it from the Ark,
finding that he could distance the latter easily with
the submersible running just beneath the surface
of the water.

  “Come up to blow, and take a look around from
the bridge, once in a while,” the captain called out
to him as he disappeared and the cover closed over
him. The Jules Verne immediately sank out of
sight.

  They passed round Sardinia, and between the
old African coast and Sicily, and were approaching
the Malta Channel,,when their attention was drawn
to vast smoke far off toward the north.

  “It’s Etna in eruption,” said Cosmo to the cap-
tain.

  “A magnificent sight!” exclaimed King Richard,
who happened to be on the bridge.

  “Yes, and I’d like to see it nearer,” remarked
Cosmo, as a wonderful column of smoke, as black
as ink, seemed to shoot up to the very zenith.

  “You’d better keep away,” Captain Arms said
warningly. “There’s no good comes of fooling round
volcanoes in a ship.”

  “Oh, it’s safe enough,” returned Cosmo. “We can
run right over the southeastern corner of Sicily and
get as near as we like. There is nothing higher
than about three thousand feet in that part of the
island, so we’ll have a thousand feet to spare.”

  “But maybe the water has lowered somewhat.”

  “Not more than a foot or two,” said Cosmo. “Go
ahead.”

  The captain plainly didn’t fancy the adventure,
but he obeyed orders, and the Ark’s nose was turned
northward, to the delight of many of the passengers
who had become greatly interested when they
learned that the tremendous smoke that they saw
came from Mount Etna. Some of them were
nexwous.

  The more adventurous spirits heartily applauded
Cosmo Versal’s design to give them a closer view of
so extraordinary a spectacle. Even from their pre-
sent distance the sight was one that might have
filled them all with terror if they had not already
been through adventures which had hardened their
nerves. The smoke was truly terrific in appearance.

  It did not spread low over the sea, but rose
in an almost vertical column, widening out at a
height of several miles, until it seemed to canopy
the whole sky toward the north.

  It could be seen spinning in immense rolling
masses, the outer part of which were turned by the
sunshine to a dingy brown color, while the main
stem of the column, rising directly from the great
crater, was of pitchy blackness.

  An awful roaring was audible, sending a shiver
through the Ark. At the bottom of the mass of
smoke, through which gleams of fire were seen to
shoot as they drew nearer, appeared the huge coni-
cal form of the mountain, whose dark bulk still rose
nearly seven thousand feet above the sea that cov-
ered the great, beautiful, and historic island be-
neath it.

  They had got within about twenty miles of the
base of the mountain, when a shout was heard by
those on the bridge, and Cosmo and the captain,
looking for its source, saw the Jules Verne, risen to
the surface, a little to starboard, and de Beaux-
champs excitedly signaling to them. They just
made out the words, “Sheer off!” when the Ark,
with a groaning sound, took ground, and they were
almost precipitated over the rail of the bridge.

  “Aground again, by—!” exclaimed Captain Arms,
instantly signaling all astern. “I told you not to go
fooling round a volcano.’

  “This beats me!” cried Cosmo Versdl. “I wonder
if the island has begun to rise.”

  “More likely the sea has begun to fall,” growled
Captain Arms.

  “Do you know where we are?” asked Cosmo.

  “We can’t be anywhere but on the top of Monte
Lauro,” replied the captain.

  “But that’s only three thousand feet high.”

  “It’s exactly three thousand two hundred and
thirty feet,” said the captain. “I haven’t navigated
the old Mediterranean a hundred times for noth-
ing.”

  “But even then we should have near seven hun-
dred and fifty feet to spare, allowing for the draft
of the Ark, and a slight subsidence of the water.”

  “Well, you haven’t allowed enough, that’s plain,”
said the eaptain.

  “But it’s impossible that the flood can have sub-
sided more than seven hundred feet already.”

  “I don’t care how impossible it is—here we are I
964

AMAZING STORIES

We’re stack on a mountain-top, and if we don't
leave our bones on it I’m a porpoise.”

  By this time the Jules Verne was alongside, and
de Beauxchamps shouted up:

  “I was running twenty feet under water, keeping
along with the Ark, when my light suddenly re-
vealed the mountain ahead. I hurried up and tried
to warn you, but it was too late.”

  “Can’t you go down and see where we’re fast?”
asked Cosmo.

  “Certainly; that’s just what I was about to pro-
pose,” replied the Frenchman, and immediately the
submersible disappeared.

  After a long time, during which Cosmo succeeded
in allaying the fears of his passengers, the sub-
mersible reappeared, and de Beauxchamps made his
report. He said that the Ark was fast near the
bow on a bed of shelly limestone.

  He thought that by using the utmost force of the
Jules Veme, whose engines were very powerful,
in pushing the Ark, combined with the backing of
her own engines, she might be got off.

  “Hurry up, then, and get to work,” cried Cap-
tain Arms. “This flood is on the ebb, and a few
hours more will find us stuck here like a ray with
his saw in a whale’s back.”

  De Beauxchamps’s plan was immediately adopted.
The Jules Veme descended, and pushed with all her
force, while the engines of the Ark were reversed,
and within fifteen minutes they were once more
afloat.

  Without waiting for a suggestion from Cosmo
Versal, the Frenchman carefully inspected with his
search-light the bottom of the Ark where she had
struck, and when he came to the surface he was
able to report that no serious damage had resulted.

  “There’s no hole,” he said, “only a slight denting
of one of the plates, which will not amount to any-
thing.”

  Cosmo, however, was not content until he had
made a careful inspection by opening some of the
manholes in the inner skin of the vessel. He found
no cause for anxiety, and in an hour the Ark re-
sumed its voyage eastward, passing over the site of
ancient Syracuse.

  By this time a change of the wind had sent the
smoke from Etna in their direction, and now it
lay thick upon the water, and rendered it, for a
while, impossible to see twenty fathoms from the
bridge.

  “It’s old Etna’s dying salute,” said Cosmo. “He
won’t have his head above water much longer.”
“But the flood is going down,” exclaimed Captain
Arms.

  “Yes, and that puzzles me. There must have been
an enormous absorption of water into the interior,
far greater than I ever imagined possible. But wait
until the nucleus of the nebula strikes us! In the
mean time, this lowering of the water renders it
necessary for us to make haste, or we may not get
over the mountains round Suez before the down-
pour recommences.”

  As soon as they escaped from the smoke of Etna
they ran full speed ahead again, and, keeping well
south of Crete, at length, one morning they found

themselves in the latitude and longitude of Alex-
andria.

  The weather was still superb, and Cosmo was
very desirous of getting a line on the present height
of the water. He thought that he could make a
fair estimate of this from the known height of the
mountains about Sinai. Accordingly they steered
in that direction, and on the way passed directly
over the site of Cairo.

  Then the thought of the pyramids came to them
all, and de Beauxchamps, who had come aboard the
Ark, and who was always moved by sentimental
considerations, proposed that they should spend a
few hours here, while he descended to inspect the
condition in which the flood had left those mighty
monuments.

  Cosmo not only consented to this, but he even
offered to be a member of the party. The French-
man was only too glad to have his company. Cos-
mo Versal descended into the submersible after
instructing Captain Arms to hover in the neighbor-
hood.

  The passengers and crew of the Ark, with ex-
pressions of anxiety that would have pleased their
subject if he had heard them, watched the Jules
Veme disappear into the depths beneath.

  The submersible was gone so long that the
anxiety of those aboard the Ark deepened into
alarm, and finally became almost panic. They had
never before known how much they depended upon
Cosmo Versal.

  He was their only reliance, their only hope. He
alone had known how to keep up their spirits, and
when he had assured them, as he so often did, that
the flooding would surely recommence, they had
hardly been terrified because of their unexpressed
confidence that, let come what would, his great
brain would find a way out for them.

  Now he was gone, down into the depths of this
awful sea, where their imaginations pictured a
thousand unheard of perils, and perhaps they would
never see him again! Without him they knew
themselves to be helpless. Even Captain Arms
almost lost his nerve.

  The strong good sense of Amos Blank alone saved
them from the utter despair that began to seize
them as hour after hour passed without the reap-
pearance of the Jules Veme.

  His experience had taught him how to keep a
level head in an emergency, and how to control
panics. With King Richard always at his side, he
went about among the passengers and fairly laughed
them out of their fears.

  Without discussing the matter at all, he convinced
them, by simple force of his own apparent confi-
dence, that they were worrying themselves about
nothing.

  He was, in fact, as much alarmed as any of the
others, but he never showed it. He started a rumor,
after six hours had elapsed, that Cosmo himself
had said that they would probably require' ten or
twelve hours for their exploration.

  Cosmo had said nothing of the kind, but Blank’s
prevarication had its intended effect, and, for-
tunately, before the lapse of another six hours, there
was news from under the sea.
THE SECOND DELUGE

965

  And what was happening in the mysterious
depths below the Ark? What had so long detained
the submersible?

  The point where the descent was made had been
so well chosen that the Jules Verne almost struck
the apex of the Great Pyramid as it approached the
bottom. The water was somewhat muddy from the
sands of the desert, and the search-light streamed
through a yellowish medium, recalling the “golden
atmosphere” for which Egypt had been celebrated.
But, nevertheless, the light was so powerful that
they could see distinctly at a distance of several
rods.

  The pyramid appeared to have been but little in-
jured, although the tremendous tidal wave that had
swept up the Nile during the invasion of the sea be-
fore the downpour began had scooped out the sand
down to the bed-rock on all sides.

  Finding nothing of particular interest in a cir-
cuit of the pyramid, they turned in the direction
of the Great Sphinx.

  This, too, had been excavated to its base, and it
now stood up to its full height, and a terrible ex-
pression seemed to have come into its enigmatic
features.

  Cosmo wished to get a close look at it, and they
ran the submersible into actual contact with the
forepart of the gigantic statue, just under the
mighty chin.

  While they paused there, gazing out of the front
window of the vessel, a bursting sound was heard,
followed by a loud crash, and the Jules Verne was
shaken from stem to stern. Every man of them
threw himself against the sides of the vessel, for
the sound came from overhead, and they had an in-
stinctive notion that the roof was being crushed
down upon them.

  A second resounding crash was heard, shaking
them like an earthquake, and the little vessel rolled
partly over upon its side.

  ‘We are lost!” cried de Beauxchamps. “The
Sphinx is falling upon us! We shall be buried alive
here!”	,

  A third crash came over their heads, and the sub-
mersible seemed to sink beneath them as if seeking
to avoid the fearful blows that were rained upon its
roof.

  Still, the stout curved ceiling, strongly braced
within, did not yield, although they saw, with
affright, that it was bulged inward, and some of the
braces were torn from their places. But no water
came in.

  Stunned by the suddenness of the accident, for a
few moments they did nothing but cling to such sup-
ports as were within their reach, expecting that
another blow would either force the vessel com-
pletely over or break the roof in.

  But complete silence now reigned, and the mis-
siles from above ceased to strike the submersible.
The search-light continued to beam out of the fore
end of the vessel, and following its broad ray with
their eyes, they uttered one cry of mingled amaze-
ment and fear, and then stared without a word at
such a spectacle as the wildest imagination could
not have pictured.

  The front of the Sphinx had disappeared, and the

light, penetrating beyond the place where it had
stood, streamed upon the face and breast of an
enormous black figure, seated on a kind of throne,
.and staring into their faces with flaming eyes which
tat once fascinated and terrified them.

  To their startled imaginations the eyes seemed
to roll in their sockets, and flashes of fire to dart
from them. Their expression was menacing and
terrifying beyond belief. At the same time the as-
pect of the face was so majestic that they cowered
before it.

  The cheek bones were high and massive and
polished until they shone in the light; the nose and
chin were powerful in their contours; and the brow
wore an intimidating frown. It seemed to the awed
onlookers as if they had sacrilegiously burst into
the sanctuary of an offended god.

  But, after a minute or two of stupefaction, they
thought again of the desperateness of their situa-
tion, and turned from staring at the strange idol to
consider what they should do.

  The fact that no water was finding its way into
the submersible somewhat reassured them, but the
question now arose whether it could be withdrawn
from its position.

  They had no doubt that the front of the Sphinx,
saturated by the water after the thousands of years
that it had stood there, exposed to the desiccating
influences of the sun and the desert sands, had sud-
denly disintegrated, and fallen upon them, pinning
their vessel fast under the fragments of its huge
chin.

  De Beauxchamps tried the engines and found that
they had no effect in moving the Jules Verne. He
tried again and again to disengage the vessel, by
reversing but it would not stir. Then they debated
the only other means of escape.

  “Although I have levium life-suits,” said the
Frenchman, “and although the top can probably be
opened, for the door seems not to have been touched,
yet the instant it is removed the water will rush in,
and it will be impossible to pump out the vessel.”

  “Are your life-suits so arranged that they will
permit of moving the limbs?” demanded Cosmo.

  “Certainly they are.”

  “And can they be weighted so as to remain at the
bottom?”

  “They are arranged for that,” responded de
Beauxchamps.

  “And can the weights be detached from within
by the inmates without permitting the entrance of
water?”

  “It can be done, although a very little water
might enter during the operation.”

  “Then,” said Cosmo, “let us put on the suits,
open the door, take out the ballast so that, if re-
leased, the submersible will rise to the surface
through its own buoyancy, and then see if we can-
not loosen the vessel from outside.”

  It was a suggestion whose boldness made even the
owner and constructor of the Jules Verne stare for
a moment, but evidently it was the only possible
way in which the vessel might be saved; and know-
ing that, in case of failure, they could themselves
float to the surface after removing the weights from
the bottom of the suits, they unanimously decided
966

AMAZING STORIES

to try Cosmo Versfil’s plan. It was terribly hard
work getting the ballast out of the submersible,
working as they had to do under water, which
rushed in as soon as the door was opened, and in
their awkward suits, which were provided with
apparatus for renewing the supply of oxygen; but
at last they succeeded.

  Then they clambered outside, and labored des-
perately to release the vessel from the huge frag-
ments of stone that pinned it down. Finally, ex-
hausted by their efforts, and unable to make any
impression, they gave up.

  De Beauxchamps approached Cosmo, and mo-
tioned to him that it was time to ascend to the sur-
face and leave the Jules Verne to her fate. But
.Cosmo signaled back that he wished first to examine
more closely the strange statue that was gazing up-
on them in the still unextinguished beam of the
search-light with what they might now have re-
garded as a look of mockery.

  The others, accordingly, waited while Cosmo
Versal, greatly impeded by his extraordinary gar-
ment, clambered up to the front of the figure. There
he saw something which redoubled his amazement.

  On the broad breast he saw a representation of a
world overwhelmed with a deluge, and encircling it
was what he instantly concluded to be the picture of
a nebula. Underneath, in ancient Egyptian hiero-
glyphics, with which Cosmo was familiar, was an
inscription in letters of gold, which could only be
translated thus:

           I Come Again—

             At the End of Time.

  “Great Heavens!” he said to himself. “It is a
prophecy of the Second Deluge!”

  He continued to gaze, amazed, at the figure and
the inscription, until de Beauxchamps clambered to
his side and indicated to him that it was necessary
that they should ascend without further delay,
showing him by signs that the air-renewing ap-
paratus would give out.

  With a last lingering look at the figure, Cosmo
imitated the others by detaching the weights from
below his feet, and a minute later they were all
shooting rapidly toward the surface of the sea, de
Beauxchamps, as he afterward declared, uttering a
prayer for the repose of the Jules Verne.

  The imaginary time which Amos Blank had fixed
as the limit set by Cosmo for the return from the
depths was nearly gone, and he was beginning to
cast about for some other invention to quiet the
rising fears of the passengers, when it came in a
visible form, which made the eyes of Captain Arms,
the first to catch sight of it, start from their
sockets. 1-Ie rubbed them, and looked again—but
there it was!

  A huge head, human in outline, with bulging,
glassy eyes, popped suddenly out of the depths, fol-
lowed by the upper part of a gigantic form which
was no less suggestive of a monstrous man, and
which immediately began to wave its arms!

  Before the captain could collect his senses an-
other shot to the surface, and then another and an-
other, until there were seven of them floating and
awkwardly gesticulating within a radius of a hun-
dred fathoms on the starboard side of the vessel.

  The whole series of apparitions did not occupy
more than a quarter of a minute in making their
appearance.

  By the time the last had sprung into sight Cap-
tain Arms had recovered his wits, and he shouted
an order to lower a boat, at the same time running
down from the bridge to superintend the operation.
Many of the crew and passengers had in the mean
time seen the strange objects, and they were
thrown into a state of uncontrollable excitement.

  “It’s them!” shouted the captain over his
shoulder, in response to a hundred inquiries all put
at once, and forgetting his grammar in the excite-
ment. “They’ve come up in diving-suits.”

  Amos Blank comprehended the situation at once;
and while the captain was attending to getting out
the boat, he explained matters to the crowd.

  “The submersible must be lost,” he said quietly,
“but the men have escaped, so there is no great
harm done. It does great credit to that Frenchman
that he should have been prepared for such an
emergency. Those are levium suits, and I’ve no
doubt that he has got hydrogen somewhere inside
to increase their buoyancy.”

  Within a quarter of an hour all the seven had
been picked up by the boat, and returned to the
Ark. The strange forms were lifted aboard with
tackle to save time; and as the first one reached
the deck, it staggered about on its big limbs for
a moment.

  Then the metallic head opened, and the features
of de Beauxchamps were revealed within.

  Before anybody could assist him he had freed him-
self from the suit, and immediately began to aid the
others. In ten minutes they all stood safe and sound
before the astonished eyes of the spectators. Cosmo
had suffered the most from the confinement, and he
sank upon a seat, but de Beauxchamps seemed to
be the most affected. With downcast look he said,
sadly shaking his head:

  “The poor Jules Ferae! I shall never see her
again.”

  “What has happened?” demanded Captain Arms.

  “It was the Father of Horror,” muttered Cosmo
Versal.

  “The Father of Horror—what’s that?”

  “Why, the Great Sphinx,” returned Cosmo, grad-
ually recovering his breath. “Didn’t you know that
that was what the Arabs always called the Sphinx?

  “It was that which fell upon the submersible-
split right open and dropped its great chin upon
us as we were sailing round it, and pinned us fast.
But the sight that we saw when the Sphinx fell
apart! Tell them de Beauxchamps.”

  The Frenchman took up the narrative, while, with
breathless attention, passengers and crew crowded
about to listen to his tale.

  “When wejgot to the bottom,” he said “we first
inspected the Great Pyramid, going all round it
with our search-light. It was in good condition, al-
though the tide that had come up the Nile with
the invasion of the sea had washed away the sands
to a great depth all about. When we had completed
the circuit of the pyramid, we saw the Sphinx,
which had been excavated by the water so that it
stood up to its full height.
THE SECOND DELUGE

967

  “We ran close around it, and when we were un-
der the chin the whole thing, saturated by the water,
which no doubt caused an expansion within—you
know how many thousand years the gigantic idol
had been desiccated by the sun and the desert winds
—dropped apart.

  “The submersible was caught by the falling mass,
and partly crushed. We labored for hours and
hours to release the vessel, but there was little that
we could do. It almost broke my heart to think of
leaving the Jules Verne there, but it had to be done.

  “At last we put on the levium floating-suits,
opened the cover at the top, and came to the surface.
The last thing I saw was the search-light, still burn-
ing, and illuminating the most marvelous spectacle
that human eyes ever gazed upon.”

  “Oh, what was it? What was it?” demanded a
score of voices in chorus.

  “It is impossible to describe it. It was the secret
of old Egypt revealed at last—at the end of the
world!”

  “But what was it like?”

  “Like a glimpse into the remotest corridors of
time,” interposed Cosmo Versal, with a curious look
in his eyes.

  “Some of you may have heard that long ago holes
were driven through the Sphinx in the hope of dis-
covering something hidden inside, but they missed
the secret. The old god kept it well until his form
fell apart. We were pinned so close to it that we
could not help seeing it, even in the excitement of
our situation.

  "It had always been supposed that the Sphinx

was the symbol of something—it was, and more
than a symbol! The explorers away back in the
nineteenth century who thought that they had found
something mysterious in the Great Pyramid went
wide of the mark when they neglected the Sphinx.”
"But what did you see?”

  “We saw the prophecy of the Second Deluge,”
said Cosmo, rising to his feet, his piercing eyes
aflame. “In the heart of the huge mass, approach-
able, no doubt, by some concealed passage in the
rock beneath, -known only to the priests, stood a
gigantic idol, carved out of black marble.

  “It had enormous eyes of some gem that blazed
in the electric beam from the search-light, with
huge golden ears and beard, and on its breast was
a representation of a drowning world, with a great
nebula sweeping over it.”

  “It might have been a history instead of a pro-
phecy,” suggested one of the listening savants.
“Perhaps it only told what had once happened.”
“No,” replied Cosmo, shaking his big head. “It
was a prophecy. Under it, in ancient Egyptian
hieroglyphics, which I recognized, was an inscrip-
tion which could only be translated by the words,
‘I come again—at the end of time!’”

  There was a quality in Cosmo Versal’s voice
which made the hearers shudder with horror.

  “Yes,” he added. “It comes again! The prophecy
was hidden, but science had its means of revelation,
too, if the world would but have listened to its
voice. Even without the prophecy I have saved the
flower of mankind.”

(To be concluded next month)

Readers’ Vote of Preference

   STORY	REMARKS

(1	)..................................................................

(2	)...................................................................

■

(3)..................................................................

                                    I do not like these stories:

                            Why?

  (D

    (2)

This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing	My Name and Address

    what type of stories you like can we continue

to please you. Fill out this coupon or copy ............................

    it on a sheet of paper and mail it to AMAZ-
    ING STORIES, 53 Park Place, New York

City.	............................

illlllllljllllliilllllllllllllillllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllO^^
The Red Dust

By MURRAY LEINSTER
(Concluded)

that what Burl said was true, as they had already
known.

  Then, while the pink-skinned men feasted on the
meat Burl had provided for them, he and Saya went
toward the burrow he had made ready. It was
not like the other burrows, being set apart from
them, and its entrance was bordered on either side
by mushrooms as black as night. All about the
entrance the black mushrooms clustered, a strange
species that grew large and scattered its spores
abroad and then of its own accord melted into an
inky liquid that flowed away, sinking slowly into
the ground.

  In a little hollow below the opening of the burrow
an inky pool had gathered, which reflected the gray
clouds above and the shapes of the mushrooms that
overhung its edges.

  Burl and Saya made their way toward the burrow
in silence, a picturesque couple against the black
background of the sable mushrooms and the earth
made dark by the inky liquid. Both of their figures
were swathed in cloaks of unsmirched whiteness and
wondrous softness, and bound to Burl’s forehead
were the feathery, lacelike antennas of a great moth,
making flowing plumes of purest gold. His spear

The

seemed cast from bronze, and he was a proud figure
as he led Saya past the black pool and to the door-
way of their home.

  They sat there, watching, while the darkness
came on and the moths and fireflies emerged to
dance in the night, and listened when the rain be-
gan its slow, deliberate dripping from the heavy
clouds above. Presently a gentle rumbling began—
the accumulation of the rain from all the mountain-
side forming a torrent that would pour in a six-
hundred-foot drop to the river far below.

   The sound of the rushing water grew louder, and
was echoed back from the cliffs on the other side of
the valley. The fireflies danced like fairy lights in
the chasm, and all the creatures of the night winged
their way aloft to join in the ecstasy of life and
love.

  And then, when darkness was complete, and only
the fitful gleams of the huge fireflies were reflected
from the still surface of the black pool beneath their
feet, Burl reached out his hand to Saya, sitting be-
side him in the darkness. She yielded shyly, and
her soft, warm hand found his in the obscurity.
And Burl bent over and kissed her on the lips.

End

Wanted

    The publishers need a quantity of back numbers of AMAZING
STORIES for April, May and June.

     If you have copies of these issues, will you please be good enough to
 get in touch with us ? It would be appreciated.

                             THE PUBLISHERS

  Back Numbers of “Amazing Stories99

•XTO doubt you will be interested to know, if you have not yet secured them, that back num-
-Lbers of Amazing Stories can be secured from this office, at the rate of 25c per copy
(coin or stamps) postpaid, as long as the supply lasts.

CONTENTS OF THE SEPTEMBER ISSUE:

"In the Abyss.” by H. G. Wells.

“A Columbus of Space," (A serial in 3 parts) (Part II). by
Garrett P. Serviss.

"The Purchase of the North Pole,” (A serial ia 2 parts), (Part
I), hy Jules Verne.

'‘Station X,” (Conclusion), (A serial in 3 parts), by G. McLeod
Winsor.

“The Moon Hoax,"

                  by Richard Adams Lockc.

CONTENTS OF THE OCTOBER ISSUE:

“Beyond the Pole,” by A. Hyatt Verrill.

“A Columbus of Space,” (Conclusion), by Garrett P. Serviss.
“The Purchase of the North Pole,” (Conclusion), by Jules

“The Island of Dr. Moreau,” (Part I), by H. G. Wells.
“Blasphemers’ Plateau,” by Alexander Snyder.

CONTENTS OF THE NOVEMBER ISSUE:

“The Second Deluge." (Part I), by Garrett P. Serviss.

“The Island of Dr. Moreau," (Conclusion), by H. G. Wells.
“Beyond the Pole,” (Conclusion), by A. Hyatt Verrill.
“The Mad Planet,”_by Murray Leinster.

“A Drama in the Air, by Jules Verne.

CONTENTS OF THE DECEMBER ISSUE:

“The First Men in the Moon,” (Part I), by H. G. Wells.
“The Man Higher Up,” by Edwin Balmer and William B.

MacHarg.

“The Time Eliminator,” by Kaw.

“Through the Crater’s Rim,” by A. Hvatt Verrill.

“The Lord of the Winds,” by Agusto Bissiri.

“The Telepathic Pick-up,” by Samuel M. Sargent, Jr.

“The Educated Harpoon,” by Charles S. Wolfe.

“The Diamond Lens,” by Fitz-James O'Brien.

“The Second Deluge,” (Part III), by Garrett P. Serviss.

 Address: EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., 53 Park Place, New York City
THE MAN who could vanish

By A. HYATT VERRILL
{Concluded)

him a ten dollar bill, he grinned knowingly, threw
in the gears and with loudly honking horn headed
uptown as I had directed.

  Hastily bandaging Lemuel’s face with my hand-
kerchief to prevent any further complications aris-
ing over blood dripping on the taxi seat or floor,
and half-supporting him, for he was still dazed
and groggy and without his glasses was almost as
blind as a bat, I fanned him with my hat.

  Presently he showed signs of recovering, took
several deep breaths of relief and ruefully felt of
his various bumps, contusions and bruises. Then,
with a groan, he remarked: “Whew, that fellow
packed an awful punch!”

  “Yes” I agreed, “and obviously the fact that you
are invisible does not prevent you from getting
hurt.”

  “Nor from suffering,” mumbled my companion,
“I’m positive my jaw is fractured.”

  “Don’t try to talk,” I said. “I’d take you to a
hospital or a doctor’s office, but you’d have to be
visible and you’re in no fit shape to materialize in
public. You look like a butchery.”

  By the time we reached my apartments Lemuel
was near a collapse and was, I knew, suffering in-
tensely. But he was still game, and with but
little assistance walked up the steps and into my
rooms where he instantly dropped upon a couch.

  “Now, if you’re able to, and the confounded thing
isn’t out of order, get back to your normal state,”
I commanded him. “I’ll have my doctor here in a
moment, but you’ve got to be visible first.”

  I was greatly worried for fear that Lemuel
might faint or lose consciousness before he could
restore himself to visibility, and I was so perturbed
and excited that it never occurred to me that, even
if he remained invisible, I could give the glasses to
the physician and thus enable him to attend to
my friend’s injuries. However, to my relief, Lemuel
fumbled with his mechanism, and presently was
once more visible to unaided human eyes. And not
an instant too soon. He had exhausted his last
strength in operating the device which dropped to
the floor as consciousness left him.

  Fortunately, my doctor lived less than a block
distant, and, still more fortunately, he was in his
office. Within five minutes he was bending over Dr.
Unsinn, and, being as all doctors should be, a most
discreet man, he forbore to make embarrassing in-
quiries as to the manner in which Lemuel had re-
ceived the wounds.

  To my intense relief he assured me that there was
no fracture and no injuries more serious than the
one deep gash and severe contusions.

  Lemuel regained consciousness as the doctor was

bandaging the wound, but he made no attempt to
speak, and, for that matter, his face was too swollen
and painful to permit him to utter an intelligible
word for the next twenty-four hours.

  In the meantime we eagerly bought and read the
papers which were filled with accounts of the Hart-
well Building mystery, and I could see by Lemuel’s
expression, even through his bandages, that he was
immensely pleased at the attention his feat had
attracted. There were also items regarding our,
or rather Lemuel’s, other exploits. A score of per-
sons had reported the incident of the fainting wo-
man; the man in the subway station had related
his experience, but not a word appeared in print
regarding the sudden vanishing of the car. No
doubt the guard hesitated to mention or report the
matter fearing that his superiors might, quite rea-
sonably, feel that a guard subject to such hallucina-
tions was unfit for his position. And, in all prob-
ability, the passengers who had been present and
who, the chances were, had spoken to the guard
after our departure, were convinced that they had
been subjected to some optical illusion.

  And of course there was no reference to the thief-
chase or Lemuel’s injuries, for the thief alone had
seen anything out of the ordinary.

  And of course no one had suspected our connec-
tion with all the phenomena, for which I was ex-
tremely thankful, although it did not please Lemuel,
who declared, somewhat peevishly that he had re-
ceived no credit for his astounding discovery.

  “Credit!” I exclaimed, “If the police knew you
were at the bottom of these things you’d very prob-
ably be in jail by now.”

  “And,” I continued, “I hope this last., experience
of yours has convinced you that I was right and
that your discovery is a menace. If you take my
advice you’ll destroy every one of your formulae
and every confounded contraption that has to do
with the invention.”

  A wry grin twisted Dr. Unsinn’s plastered and
bandaged face. “No,” he declared, “I shall destroy
nothing. But I must admit that I have found my
‘discovery is not so beneficial to the individual or the
public at large as I had hoped. It is, I fear, too
vast in its possibilities to be given to the world as
I had planned. But I still am positive that it is a
most important discovery and, if properly employed,
will be of incalculable benefit to the world. No, in-
stead of destroying it as you suggest, I shall
present it to our government on the understanding
that it shall remain a secret until needed to avert
some national calamity.”

  I breathed a sigh of deep relief. “In that case,”
I replied, “your invention is as good as destroyed.”

/ .

The End

969
The Man With the Strange Head

     By Dr. MILES J. BREUER
     (Concluded)

been in prison for two years; just last week he was
released-”

  Chief Peter John Smith interrupted.

  “I’ve been putting two and two together, and I
can shed a little light on this problem. Three days
ago. the day before I was called to watch Anstruther
pacing his room, we picked up this man Poulos in
the alleyway between Rudge & Guenzel’s and Miller
& Paine’s. He was unconscious, and must have re-
ceived a terrible licking at somebody’s hands; his
face was almost unrecognizable; several ribs and
several fingers on his right hand were broken. He
clutched a pistol fitted with a silencer, and we found
that two shots had been fired from it. Here he
is-”

  A limp, bandaged, plastered man was pushed in
between two policemen. He was sullen and apathe-
tic, until he caught sight of Anstruther’s face from
which the chief had drawn a corner of the sheet.
Terror and joy seemed to mingle in his face and in
his voice. He raised his bandaged hand with an
ineffectual gesture, and started off on some Greek
religious expression, and then turned dazedly to us,
speaking painfully through his swollen face.

  “Glad he dead. I try to kill him. Shoot him two
time. No kill. So close-” indicating the dis-
tance of a foot from his chest; “then he lick me.
He is not man. He is devil. I not kill him, but I
glad he dead!”

  The Chief hurried him out, and came in with a
small, dapper man with a black chin whisker. He
apologized to the coroner.

  “This is not a frame-up. I am just following
out a hunch that I got a few minutes ago while
Stoner was talking. This is Mr. Fournier. I found
his address in Anstruther’s room, and dug him up.
I think he will be more important to you doctors
than he will in a court. Tell ’em what you told
me!”

  While the little Frenchman talked, the under-
taker’s assistant jerked off the sheet. The under-
taker’s work had had its effect in getting rid of the
frightful odor, and in making Anstruther’s face
presentable. The body, however, looked for all
the world as though it were alive, plump, powerful,
pink. In the chest, over the heart, were two bullet
holes, not bloody, but clean-cut and black. The
Frenchman turned to the body and worked on it
with a little screw-driver as he talked.

  “Mr. Anstruther came to me ten years ago, when
I was a poor mechanic. He had heard of my auto-
matic chess-player, and my famous animated show-
window models; and he offered me time and money
to find him a mechanical relief for his infirmity. I
was an assistant at a Paris laboratory, where they
had just learned to split radium and get a hundred
horse-power from a pinch of powder. Anstruther
was weak and thin, but ambitious.”

  The Frenchman lifted off two plates from the
chest and abdomen of the body, and the flanks
swung outward as though on hinges. He removed
a number of packages that seemed to fit carefully
within, and which were on the ends of cables and
chains.

  “Now—” he said to the assistants, who held the
feet. He put his hands into the chest cavity, and
as the assistants pulled the feet away, he lifted
out of the shell a small, wrinkled, emaciated body;
the body of an old man, which now looked quite in
keeping with the well-known Anstruther head.
Its chest was covered with dried blood, and there
were two bullet holes over the heart. The under-
taker’s assistants carried it away while we crowded
around to inspect the mechanism within the arms
and legs of the pink and live-looking shell, headless,
gaping at the chest and abdomen, but uncannily like
a healthy, powerful man.

           The End

Discussions

    In this department wc shall discuss, every month, topics of in-
terest to all of our rcadors. The editors invite correspondence on all
subjects directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this
magazine. Only letters of interest to all of our readers will be pub-

lished, and discussed by the editors. Due to the great influx of mail it
is impossible to answer all letters personally, and in case a special per-
sonal answer is required, a nominal fee of 25c to cover time and post-
age is required.

An irate correspondent recently wrote in,
voicing his utter disapproval of "The Island
of Dr. Moreau." He said so much that we
can not reproduce the letter in full, because
it would take up too much space, but he took
us to task, stating that the story was utterly
impossible, that animals could never turn
into humans, and humans certainly never
into animals. He said many other uncom-
plimentary things about the story in general.

  In answer we print a clipping which ap-
peared in the New York Times, from an As-
sociated Press dispatch. As usual, truth is
stranger than fiction.

  Two little “wolf girls'* were found recently
living in a wolf’s den near an isolated village
in Bengal, British India. The story is told
by The IVesiminster Gazette, which received
it from India, vouched for by the Rev. Jal
Singh of Midnapur, Bengal, and Bishop

Dr. Moreau and the “ Wolf Girls

Pakenham Walsh of Bishops College, Cal-
cutta.

  Bishop Walsh relates that about the end of
August, while visiting the Rev. Jal Singh's
orphanage at Midnapur, Mr. Singh recounted
how he discovered the “wolf girls."

  In a distant part of his district not long
before the villagers pointed out to him a path
they avoided because it was haunted by de-
mons. Investigation revealed a wolf den in
which there were several wolf cubs and two
girls, ebon! two and eight years of age, both
exceedingly fierce, running on all fours, utter-
ing guttural barks and living like wolves.

  The supposition was that they were aban-
doned as babies: by their mother or mothers
and were found and adopted by the she wolf.
With much difficulty, the children were
rescued, but the younger died soon afterward.

  The elder child survived and is no-,v at the
orphanage. She was gradually weaned from

her savage ways, but she fought fiercely
against wearing clothes, and tore them off
even after they were sewn on her. For a
time she refused to be washed and ate with
her mouth in a dish. Eventually she was
taught to use her hands and say a few words.

  She still is weak mentally and neither cries
nor laughs, but is gentle with animals, pre-
ferring the company of dogs, to children.

  Thu above story seems to have excited some
discussion in London and several named cor-
respondents have written to the Westminster
Gazette citing the fact that these stories are
rather common in India, and it seems that in
West Africa stories are told of small children
being reared by some large species of monkey.
In the Jungle Book, Rudyard Kipling en-
larges on the association of a child with a band
of wolves and has produced some of his most
picturesque fiction in this work.—EDITOR.

(Continued on page 971)

970
AMAZING STORIES

971

OET THIS HAND EJECTOR — NOW

Thumb AT HALF PRICE

sms

       Band ejector with boat .T"
   blaoptpei;most«cc(irato nnd dts	W

pendnblo BUD made, bnooui nUndard	n retfgBk

ammunition. Wo are tho first to hnvo theso	. ttJJgf&A

flKS&ti^^tefcSE S£ f%S£ fin

   Satisfaction or Money Hatunded. Send NoMonoy.
   pay Postman Our Prico, Plus Postage.

     EDWARDS IMPORT TRADING CORP.

258 Broadway Dopt. G I. Now York, N. Y. g

4 ot	IWW M WMiFlf'Iflf"11 j gBPBfc I

fi-Shot Finest

I-ontf Range Revolver

Thla Run ••free** If yon

can beat our price any-

where—1 or 6 In. barrel, yU \Ty7"

blno or nickel—32, 38-or 22	\l

caliber. Powcrful,accurato, hard

Mttlnjr. Money backKUarantco.

Pay on delivery J6.20. Federal Mail Order,
561 ‘Broadway, New York. Dopt X170 __

ONLY

✓*85

WESTERN SPECIAL. Wortd’iQ>—jpwSgggK;
Greatest Value. Fully Guaranteed. ForvfilBSSw
defense or target. Best Make, Finest Solid
Blue Steel Smooth Action, Sur*-Fire,’*^Sf^®^S
Accurate. Powerful, Perfectly Rlflrd Barrcl.\u 13
38, 32 or 22 Caliber. Use Standard Cartrldflej.x^.^.
Send No Money. Pay Postman $5.85 plua^-'
pottage on arrival. Satisfaction Guaranteed or Mom
ARLEE WHOLESALE CO. OEPI. Q H BALTIMO

MlV'ilW^y ever Invented. Hundred* of the most astounding —
           perplexing, bewildering and mystifying cricka ever
           conceived, can be performed by anyone «n a minute**
           limC wit** t'iis wonder pack. No skill — no sleight of
           hand — no practice required — mystify your <^.00
           friend* with the Matter Pack. Complete with «“- •
           full secret instructions. » . . . A

WONDER MAGIC CO.' Soin u« u 25 tost 451b st„ n. y. c.

IN S VOLUMES

         Theory, Design. Construction
         Operation and Maintenance

LEARN AT HOME

  These five component parts of a
  complete Radio Instruction Course
  are outlined in five volumes that
  contain not merely the essentials as
  so many books do, but more, they
  contain all that any modern up-to-
  the-minute textbook on any subject
  would cover. They are in themselves
  a COMPLETE radio education
  teaching every possible portion of
  Radio science.

  Size of each book 6 by 9 inches,
  handsomely bound and illustrated
  with charts, diagrams, descriptions
  of equipment, etc.

SEND NO MONEY for these books.

  Just forward your name and address.
  We send you the books at once. On
  receipt of same you pay the post-
  man $1.97 plus a few cents postage

  and then they are yours.

Distributed by

THE CONSRAD CO.

64 Church Street New York, N. Y.

     A LETTER TO COSMO VERSAL
 [We print below a letter which we have re-
 ceived, The writer evidently thought that Cosmo
 Versal, the fictitious hero of the fictitious story,
 “The Second Deluge,” was a real person and
 built his Ark as described in the story. Funny as
 this is, it certainly testifies to the skill of the
 writer in gving so real an aspect to the most ob-
 vious fiction.—EDITOR,]

 Dear Sir:

    I am interested in your Ark and wish you would
 send me a set of plans for a small Ark which I
 would like to build to take care of my wife and
 seven children. So please send them at once,

                   J. W. F., Newport News, Va.

 JULES VERNE A “PROMISING WRITER”
 We print below the first lines of a critical letter
 we received from one of our esteemed readers. It
 should be remembered that Jules Verne died many
 years ago and on his tombstone at Amiens, France,
 there is an impressive figure, an illustration of
 which we reproduce on our contcnts-page, in the
 upper left-hand corner. We put this next to the
 Cosmo Versal letter, as both of them are safely
 ensconced in the domain of classic hilarity.

   “Some time ago I read one of your issues and
 was greatly surprised to find such reading matter
 as is published in your magazine. Mr. Jules
 Verne’s story was of the best I have ever read.
 He is a very promising writer. You also have
 several other good stories in tho October issue.

                          E. H., Indianapolis, Ind.

CRITICISM OF THE NAVAL BATTLE IN
"STATION X”

 Editor, Amazino Stories:

   Have been a reader of Amazing Stories since
 the maiden issue. Seeing that you seek opinions
 I beg to state that, first: You seek prestige
 through the names of such old Masters as Jules
 Verne, who, in his day, was supreme as a
 dcscriber of the bizarre; but whose wildest
 flights of imagination presents things and condi-
 tions that are to-day merely commonplace, if not
 slightly antique and ridiculous. He can no longer
 amaze us. Most of us have read all that before,
 anyway.

   Also, many of your authors arc very amateurish
 in the use of words, and short on facts, as in the
 case of Mr. Windsor in “Station X.” No cruiser
 in existence can make even the poorest showing
 in the presence of a man-of-war. The “Sea Lion'*
 would have been hammered to pieces and sunk in
 less than five minutes of coming under the guns of
 Battleship No. 11, as she must have done, in
 leaving the lagoon, if your chart is correct.

   If my criticism seems harsh, forgive it on the
 grounds that I am interested in the welfare of
 Amazing Stories, and hope to sec them truly
 great, and not in the class of cheap fiction.

                        Prof. Jack E. Edwards,
                        San Francisco, Calif.

   [If you will read attentively the description of
 the sea-fight in the last lines of “Station X,” you
 will see that much more was involved than the
 simple battle between the cruiscr and the battle-
 ship and the Martians’ strange weapons gave an
 aspect to the battle which removes it from criticism.
 The great fleet was all but annihilated, as it was.
 Besides this we have received numbers of very
 strong commendations of “Station X,1’ which has
 proved itself a very acceptable story to our readers.
 —EDITOR.]

AN INTERESTING SUGGESTION

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Your magazine Amazing Stories is the best I
 have read in years so I would like to see it come
 out semi-monthly at 25c per copy.

    I would like to see the short stories continue,
 and the long ones are all right split up in two
 or three parts, but some people do not like this.
 So the compromise I would offer is to publish a
 complete story in one issue and a bunch of short
 stories in the next.

   If your stories continue as good as those you
 have published then your magazine’s success is
 assured.

                               A. B, Maloir,
 Silver Creek, Wash.
 [You ar© one of several thousand readers who
 would like to see the magazine appear twice every
 month. And we certainly anticipate carrying out
 the wish expressed by so many, for we have a
 number of expressions of this desire. Your sug-
 gestion of one long story in alternate issues, and
 short stories in intermediate issues, is, to say
 the least, ingenious, and could be very well car-
 ried out in a bi-monthly.—EDITOR.]

Make $7.50 Every Hay

  Right In Your Own Home!
  Start Anywhere-Any Time

   It costs you nothing to learn how to start
 in to make good MONEY right in your own
 HOME TOWN. We will give you THREE
 DIFFERENT PLANS, one of which Plans is
 the famous “Mail Order Plan" whereby
 you can earn MONEY, cither by part or full
 time, in the Privacy of Your Own Room, or
 by mail, or by personal solicitation. Beside
 that, we will give you a list of TWO HUN-
 DRED "HOME” and other OPPORTUNI-
 TIES. Nearly every kind of work, all this we
 give you WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
 Simply fill in the space below, and mail this
 adv., and ONE DOLLAR, for a Full Year
 of "The HOME WORKERS’ Magazine,” a
 Magazine that specializes in giving articles on
 Applied Psychology and Ideas. Suggestions,
 and Plans for MAKING MONEY AT HOME.

 It is also an EXCHANGE for Buying, Selling
 and Renting Correspondence Courses and
 Books. (A copy of the magazine alone sent for
 10c, none free). Remember you get these
 THREE MONEY-MAKING PLANS, and
 200 OPPORTUNITIES FREE I Simply by
 subscribing to our Modern Progressive Con-
 structive Magazine.

      THE HOME MAGAZINE
 Box 912, Dept. A,	Nashville, Tennessee

   Here is my DOLLAR, send me the THREE
 PLANS, 200 Opportunities, and a full year of
 The HOME Magazine.

Name ..................................... i

Address ...................................

WONDER OF THE

20th CENTURY

                           r Tho rare, valuablo secret hoc*,
  astounded tho world. Reveals
  tho secrets of hypnotism, telepa-
  thy, porsonal magnetism, mes-
  merism, clairvoyance, mind-read-
  ing, ete. This book—the wonder
  of the 20th Century-—worth S&OO.
  but sent FREE to you if you
  order our remarfcablo course in
  practical Hypnotism—teaches you how to control others—
  make everybody obey your every wish 3nd desiro—conquer bad
  habits, enemies, win success in life and LOVE, obtain
  power, wealth, social position. Explains tho greatest force
  in the history of man. The most perfect, complote and
  easily learned system. Pay only $1.98 on arrival. We
  paj postage. Wineholt Assn., Box 9, Woodbine, Pa.

    MEN WANTED

TO LEARN

Motion Picture Projection

            $2,000 to $4,000 a Year
 Quickly Inroad. Short hours, blc pay. Bost equipped
 echool In Mtchican. Projectionists for Movie Houses aod
 Hoad Shorn,

MOVIE OPERATORS SCHOOL
61 Sproat Street Dept. 5 Detroit, Michigan

 PRICE $1.97

A

RADIO

EDUCATION

 Cut to
I shall always recommend your school to my
friends and let them know how simple your les-
sons are.—C. J. AMDAHL.

I am more than pleased. You die right In
from tho start. I am going to Ret somewhere
with this course. I am so glad that I found
you.—A. A. CAMEItON.

I use your lessons constantly as I find it
more thorough than most text books I can
secure.—WM. H. TIBBS.

Thanking you for your lessons, which I find
not only clear and concise, but wonderfully
Interesting. I am—BOBT. H. TRAYLOR.

I received employment in the Consolidated
Cas. Co. I appreciate very much tho good
service of tho school when a recommendation
was asked for.—JOS. DECKER.

Good Chemists Command High Salaries

^ T. O’CONOR SI.OANE. A
A.B.. A.M.. LL.D.. Ph.D.
Noted Instructor. Lecturer and Au-
thor. Formerly Treasurer Ameri-
can Chemical Society and a prae.
tieal chemist with many woll known
achievements to his credit. Not
only has Dr. Sloane taught chemis-
try for years but he was for many
years, engaged in commercial
chemistry work.

 incnaation to
 tend to start

KSf

and you can make yourself
independent for life by un-
earthing one of chemistry’s
yet undiscovered secrets.

Do you remember how the tales of pirate gold used to fire
your imagination and make you want to sail the uncharted
seas in search of treasure and adventure? And then you
would regret that such things were no longer done. But that
is a mistake. They are done—today and everyday—not on
desert islands, but in the chemical laboratories throughout
your own country. Quietly, systematically, the chemist works.

His work is difficult, but more adventurous than the blood-
curdling deeds of the Spanish Main. Instead of meeting an
early and violent death on some forgotten shore, he gathers
wealth and honor through his invaluable contributions to hu-
manity. Alfred Nobel, the Swedish chemist who invented
dynamite, made so many millions that the income alone from
his bequests provides five $40,000 prizes every year for the
advancement of science and peace. C. M. Hall, the chemist
who discovered how to manufacture aluminum made millions
through this discovery. F. G. Cottrell, who devised a valu-
able process for recovering the waste from flue gases, James
Qjayley, who showed how to save enormous losses in steel
manufacture, L. H. Baekeland, who invented Bakelite—these
are only a few of the men to whom fortunes have come
through their chemical achievements.

Now Is the Time to
Study Chemistry

111 MM) salaries to hundreds of thousands who
inertly follow out Its present applications. These appli-

dlcmlJt Vm hSfiJ'b.bV!lne,! “"d ntl produet In Iho world. The work .t tie .

      You Can Learn at Home	' ✓

                     femRrkable calling require! elaborato specialized training.

 What Some of Our
 Students Say of This
 Course:

  I have not written since I received the big
  sot. I can still say that It far eicecded my
  anticipations. Slnco I havo been studying with
  your school I have been appointed ehcmlst for
  the Scranton Coal Co. testing all the coal and
  ash by proximato analysis. T^e lessons are
  holplng mo wondorfully. and the Interesting
  way in which they aro written makes mo wait
  patiently for each lesson.—MORLAIS COUZ-
  ENS.

  I wish to express my appreciation of your
  prompt reply to my letter and to tho recom-
  mendation to the General Electric Co. I in-
  ' rt the student engineering course at
  This Is somewhat aloni; electrical
  the fact that I had a recommcnda-
  a reliable school no doubt had eon-
  nldcrable Influence In helping mo to secure the
  Job.—H. VAN BENTHUY8EN.

  So far I'vo been moro than pleasod with
  your eourso and am still doing nicely, I hope
  to be your honor graduate this year.—J, M.
  NORKUS. JR.

  I find your course excellent and your Instruc-
  tion. truthfully, the clearest and best assem-
  bled I have ever taken, and yours is the fifth
  one I've studied.—JAMES J. KELLY.

  From tho time I was having Chemistry It
  has never been thus explained to me as it is
  I am recommending you highly to my
  urging them to become members
  organization.—CHARLES BEN-

Experimental Equipment
Furnished to Every Student

   We give to OTery student without additional charge this
chemical equipment* Including forty-nine plcccs of labora-
tory apparatus and supplies, and forty different chemicals
and reagonta. These comprise tho apparatus and chemicals
need for tho experimental work of tho course. The fitted
heavy wooden box sorvos not only as a case for tho outfit
but alio as a useful laboratory accessory for performing
countless experiments.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE
OF NEW YORK, Inc.

        HOME EXTENSION DIVISION t
6».R—WEST BBOADWAY	NEW YORK CITY

"KraK

Easy Monthly Payments

You don’t have to have even the small prico of the course to start. You can
pay for it In small monthly amounts—so small that you won’t feel th?m
,5°nr,e u '"Li'"'' a"d Includes everything. even the '
chemistry outfit—there aro no extras to buy with our course. Our plan
of monthly payments place) a chemical education within tho reach of
everyone. Write us and lot us erplain our plan in full—give us tho
opportunity of showing you how yi.a can qualify for a highly trained
tcdlnlcal position wl hout avcn giving up your present employment.

Special 30 Day Offer

Resides furnishing the Undent with hit Experimental
Equipment, wo ore making an additional ipoclal oiler for jf
• short.while only. Too owe it to yourself to find out />
about K. Write tot ay for full Information and free >7
book Opportunities for Chemists." Send the .mm™. +

           CHEMICAL
           - INSTITUTE
           /OF NEW YORK
           Home Extenslaa
           Division I
           S-R—West Broadway
           New York City

  Please send me at onee,
  without any obligation en my
  part, your freo Hook "Opportuni-
  ties for Chemist*." and full par-
  ticulars about the Experimental Equip-
  ment given to every student Also please
  toll mo about your plan of payment and
  your Bpoclol 30 day offer.

NAME

right now while it Is fresh in your mind. Or Just f
write your name and address on a postal and mall *7 ‘
It to us. But whatever you do, act today before
this offer Is withdrawn.	*

DON'T WAIT—MAIL COUPON NOWI f

CITY................................. RITB.

 /Wil .......

A. 8. Jan.. 'If.
AMAZING STORIES

973

This Man
Wouldn’t
Stay down

 9hetruestoryofaman who
 won where others failed

No. 857-Ladies’ Wrist Watcb,
Dolid 14-k wbito cold, 15 Jewels.
$27.50- $075 a
52.75 down u— month

"e“ fa V Mm no

5 — a3SS»6?*^	W« carry all standard B , rtjl U I 84

i Solid 18-k white cold Wedding	’n?fce* °f Railroad \\ & \ |i

(j Itinea. Beautifully engraved	Watchts-guaranUea * rn Mil w»X *-

J and carved In floral patterns	to pane inspection. *7r| Vp\ *

f of the newost design.	vWYwy

•i0, 2—Four.leaf clover 54.GO	Credit at

No. I-Uiffnonetto . . 54.50	Cash Prices \SE*r

Ou.r Referencess Any Bank or Banker in U

AODI

SUBTR

1ULTIPI

World’s Handiest Calculator

   NEW POCKET SIZE

     Docs work of large SlOO machine and
 very simple to operate.

 ADDS

 SUBTRACTS

 M U LTIPLI ES	TOTAL COST

                  Why Pay More?

                  Is GUARANTEED for 5 years. Made
                  of steel. No npkc<i>. No repairs.
                  Everybody who figures needs one.

                A SPEED MARVEL

                Positively the LOWEST PRICED
                practical calculator on the market.
                New Trial Offer, price $2.45. Send
                money order or pay psotman when
                machine is delivered ($3.50 Cash out-
                side TJ. S.) Supply limited. ORDER
                TODAY.

               AGENTS WANTED

 Vvincmoit Distributing Co., Box 20, Woodbine, Penna.

THE AQUARIAN DIET

         Small Salary

            He was putting in long
            hours at unskilled work.
            His small pay scarcely
            lasted from week to week.
            He saw other men pro-
            moted. Then he learned
            the reason. They had spe-
            cial training. So he made
            up his mind to get that
            kind of training .too.

Makes a Resolution

              "I’ve thought it all out,
              Gracel I’m as good a
              man as any of them. All
              I need is special training
              —and I’m going to get it.
              If the International Corre-
              spondence Schools can
              raise other men’s salaries,
              they can raise mine. I’m
              going to find out how.”

 Starts to Study

                     No matter where you live,
                     the I. C. S. will come to
                     you. No matter what
                     your handicaps, the I. C. S.
                     has a plan to meet your
                     needs. No matter 'how
                     limited your education,
                     the wonderfully illustrated
                     I. C. S. textbooks make it
                     easy to learn.

Gets $50 Increase

  H'Wll-1"51 'ill >1	“I’ve been promoted with

 ItjgiMLi.! J	an increase of S50 a

  [.a-;- , I. m t, 1	month, Grace. And the.

                  Hi	first extra money is yours.
  /'/iSn	Just a Utile reward for
  TOn)5--	urging me to study at
  thome. _ The Boss says my
  IKjoySaiu yiiufij/j	spare-time training has
  ISffiSLalSSSS	ni!lde me a more valuable
  ..........man to the firm.”

Owns Own Home

P-'fty f| _ 111 city, town and country.

             _ thousands 01 men have
 .i'' good positions and happy,
 (SjiM ft28B»r)?N prosperous homes because
 ;~^®i	they let the I. C. S. pre-

  pare them for promotion,
  i H w,l>' don’t you find out
  ||| what this great school can
  *'W?i Ir] do for you? It takes only
  a moment to mark and
  mail the coupon, but that one step may be
  the means of changing your entire life.

Write for Free Booklet

International Correspondence Schools
Box 7140, Scranton, Penna.

   Without cost or obligation, please send me
 ono of your booklets and tell mo how I can
 qualify for the position or In the subject &e/ort»
 which I have marked an X:

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

 ^Business Management
 _j Traffic Management
 ^Business Law
 J Banking *
 \ccountancy
 T.’ookkeeping
 . Spanish D French
 Salesmanship

 Advertising
 Show Card Lettering
 Stenography and Typing
 Business English
 Civil Sorvico
 Railway Mail Clerk
 High School Subjects
 Illustrating

 TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

  Electrical Engineering
  Electric Lighting
  Mechanical Engineer
  Mechanical Draftsman
  Machine Shop Practice

 Railroad Positions
 Gas Engine Operating
 Civil Engineer
 Surveying and Mapping
 Steam Engineering

 Radio

 Architect

 Architects' Blueprints
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 Chemistry □ Pharmacy
 Automobilo Work
 Mathematics

 Name..

 A Scientificly Balanced Menu for each
 meal of the entire week, selected espec-
 ially for your own case—Try it and note
 improvement.—Price One Dollar.

THE AQUARIAN INSOLES

 Relieve Rheumatism, Poor Circulation
 and Weak, Nervous Conditions. Price
 One Dollar. Write for literature today.
 The Aquarian Circle, Elkhart, Ind.

A CURIOUS CRITICISM

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I have always been an avid reader of pseudo-
 scientific stories, or, as you term them, scienti-
 fiction—a very good discriptive word, by the way.
 —and I have waited for years, for something like
 tliis to appear.

    One gets loaded up on the western tales, and
 silly twaddle, as typified by the “sex" magazines;
 and a magazine such as “Amazing Stories," with
 the unique, the bizarre—is a relief.

    I have, however, a fault to find with "Amazing
  Stories." 1 can't understand why you reprint
  any of the Verne stories. I have, for one, never
  liked them. They are dry, and to my mind,
  poorly written.

    The “Hackensaw” stories were ordinary, . as
 were the “Fosdick" talcs. I didn’t care for them,
 personally, nor for Poe’s stories.

   “The Moon Hoax" was—rotten! It does not
 belong in your magazine, if you intend to live up to
 “Scientifiction."

    Stories by England, Wells, Serviss, by writers
  who can, and do, combine scientific facts and
  well-written fiction, into an interesting and grip-
  ping tale, are what I want, and. it is, I under-
  stand, your aim to give us that. If you do this,
  there is 110 reason why circulation will not increase
  to warrant the issue twice a month.

   So far I have not missed a number, have
 watched the newsstands around publication date.

                          Harry V. Spurling,
                          Elgin. III.

    [The curiosity of the criticism by this writer
  is that he finds fault with the best authors. In
  the way of pseudo-science, “The Moon Hoax" is
  an absolute classic. When it was published in
  the middle of the last century, thousands of
  people believed in it implicitly and it stands as a
  monument to human credulity. He finds fault
  with Jules Verne and Edgar Allan Poe. two of the
  greatest writers of Amazing Stories. And we find
  from other letters from our correspondents that the
  stories which he dislikes are generally admired.—
  EDITOR.]

GERMS AND THEIR POSSIBILITIES

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Shortly after reading the October issue of your
  magazine I discovered the following article in
  a railroad monthly. The fact struck me that the
  clipping would probably interest the readers of
  “Amazing Stories" in connection with Alexander
  Snyder’s “Blasphemers’ Plateau.”

    Here’s to bigger and better “Amazing Stories.”
  Some months ago Professor Heinrich Bechhold,
  of Frankfurt, Germany, invented a method of
  plating gold on the surface of disease germs. This
  makes the germs larger, so that they arc easier to
  see under the microscope. Very probably the
  whole world is full of these extremely tiny, in-
  visible creatures. They arc not much larger than
  some chemical molecules. Professor Bechhold be-
  lieves that his investigations arc likely to discover
  the link between living matter and dead matter.
  He believes that he will find that certain kinds of
  chemical molecules are really alive. If this, proves
  true it will change many of our ideas concerning
  the nature of life. It may even make it possible,
  Professor Bechhold thinks, to create life in the
  laboratory.

                        C. Raymond Nelson,
 Floral Park, L. I.
 [We thank our reader for the interesting clip-
 ping which he has forwarded us, an extract from
 which we publish above.

    As.regards the concluding wish, we certainly hope
  to make further increase, at an early date, in the
  size of Amazing Stories and our humble efforts are
  certainly devoted to making it constantly better, al-
  though we honestly think, and we are supported in
  this view by our readers, that it is a very good
  magazine now.—EDITOR.]

 The Breakers

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.

        On the Ocean Front
REFERRED—In Autumn ami all seasons
—by those who know and want the best . .
either upon the American or European
plan . . . and sensible rates withal.

For the Breakers’ Guests—

Health Baths Golf Privileges
Orchestra Afternoon Teas Dancing
Garage oil Premises

JOEL HILLMAN. President.

       JULIAN A. HILLMAN, V.-Pres.

0 Print Your Own

_ Cards, Stationery, Circulars, Paper, etc. Save*

 money. Print for others, bitr profit. Complete
 outfits $3.85. Job preasSll. $29, Rotary 8149. All
 rules sent, write for catalog presses type
 jMLLH23m*&etc. THE KELSEY CO., P-45, Morldon, Conn.
rouNDRDiaw;

   Earn
   $60 to
   $zoo a
   Week!

    FREE Railroad Fare!

          Why work for $25.00 or $30.00 or oven $10.00
          ii week whon as a Coyno Trained Expert
          you can mako SCO.OO to $200.00 a week. Count
          rraint You On Actual KUftrieal Machinery._No

   fcN............

          Kmployment Serine* For I.ift A/i... ...----------

          Free courses In Rndlo and Auto Eloctricity and I’ll
          pay your railroad faro. Write Now lor Froo Dock.

                           1300-1310

      ^ mw H rB Wost Harrison St.

                               CHICAGO. ILL,

        ELECTRICAL SCHOOL Dopt. |7-02

■	H.C. Lewis,	b

 ■	Coyno Electrical School, Dept. >7-02 ^
 p 1300-1310 W. Harrison St., Chicago m

  ■	Pear II. C.: Please send me freo your bit? cata- r»

  ■	log and full particulars of your special offer. r.

  lessons, all practical experience.

* *	s. I

                     tminj? And Free
                     'ter Graduation.

i*o VI Icam-IIB, mi yi m______ ........

I’tneed education or .-xperience. We
-t Time Job While

■ Name_______________

 n

 i Addrcsi

 Town .
 State..

BARGAINS IN GUNS

  No. N3. Swing Out Cylinder, Nickel or
  Blued Finish. Walnut Grip, Powerful,

 32, 32-20 or 3S Cal.....................313.50

  No. D6. Nickel Plated, Solid Frame, Double

 Action, 22, 32 or 38 Cal.................. 4.85

  No. S7. Cowboy Ranger, 6 Shot, Sliding

 Shell Ejector .......................... 9.65

  No. W5. Top Break, Good Quality Steel,

 32 or 38 Cal........................... 7.65

  No. B8. Automatic, Blue Steel, 32 Cal.,

20 Shot ............................... 9.98

 32 Cal., S shot......................... 7.65

 25 Cal., 6 Shot......................... 6.35

  Order by Number—giving caliber wanted. Pay
  postman price and postage on delivery. Satisfaction
  guaranteed or your money back. All guns use stand-
  ard cartridges.

  WINEHOLT MAIL ORDER, BoxO, WOODBINE, PA.

The Best Guarantee

$14=

Jf&wNCMS

  32-20 or .32 SIX $

A WRiTTEN GUARANTEE

lOvAf oitn llm '.33-fd enl. tloubk-
><ika,''**ir£oui vylii&r. ULUKof-
.NICKEL Gnithf.1, rtli4>Jc, amiratf.*
jvirtttd si ‘a Ufjaln j>rif£ ‘

SEND NO MONEY

              b\ ill.to, pluX I’^tn/r
SATISFACTION CUARANTKED ci
MONEY nACK.'

 AMERICAN IMMIjlERS COMPANY 299 broadway. .-asj "Kcity

           «AMA?ING” Self-S{arting
           Pocket Lighter is 9

WINNER FOR AGENTS

 Everyone guaranteed—Money Back H
 not Satisfied. Sclcnillic '^(arvcl—\\1ial
 Makes H LUhtl parli salo moan* big Jteiiont
 l)ii(l|\MS. r»0c (n "ttanins brings cnnrlitcinfc-
 Maniple ivlth sure-iire selling plans.

New Method Mfg. Go., Box A-S-l
Bradford. Pa.

   When I saw the first issue" . ... __________

 I rejoiced greatly, for it seemed just the one
 needed to fill a long-felt want. But as I eagerly
 read each issue as it appeared on the newsstand I
 become filled with an increasing sense of disap-
 pointment, and X will tell you why.

   In the first place you must admit that your
 magazine appeals to, and is printed for a certain,
 definite class of readers. Now those readers, if
 I may at all judge them by myself, have long been
 interested in that type of fiction. By this I mean
 that it is not a taste suddenly acquired.

   Now those same readers, again like myself, have
 been taking advantage of every opportunity to
 gratify themselves and so the works of men like
 H. G. Wells, Jules Verne, and Garrett Serviss are
 “Old StufF’ to them. The works of these men
 arc standard in any public library and easily pro-
 cured.

   Surely there arc enough scientifiction stories,
 which have not been before the public for years
 in book form, to maintain properly your excellent
 idea.

                         Ralph H. Campbell,
                         Toledo, Ohio.

   I From letters written to us by our appreciative
 readers, we have found that what you call "old
 •lull"', stories reprinted from old books, arc greatly
 desired by many of them. Where we publish these
 reprints, we arc careful to select the best, and we
 definitely know that many of our readers are de-
 lighted to .;ec their old friends whom they may
 not have met, if we may use that expression, for
 years, presented to them again in our columns.
 Remember that Jules Verne was a sort of Shake-
 speare in scicncc ‘fiction and we would feel derelict
 if we <lid_ not give his stories in our columns.
 Some of his talcs give an admirable picture of for-
 eign lands. The description of Iceland in the
 story _ entitled “A Trip to the Center of the
 Karth” is absolutely accurate as well as graphic.
 On the other hand thousands of readers have
 yet to read Jules Verne and H. G. Wells stories
 for the first time—and then too we print more
 and more new stories.—EDITOR.]

A "TRIMONTHLY" SUGGESTION

 Editor, Amazing Stoiiies:

   In your June issue of Amazing Stories you re-
 quest a readers' vote of the proper interval be-
 tween each new issue of your intensely interesting
 magazine. If you can keep il at the same high
 level as your first three issues have been, surely
 twice a month would lie better than only once, in
 fact I think that three times a month would be
 best. That would give just about the right inter-
 val to read one issue before the next arrived.

   I will certainly buy it twice a month, if it
 appears that often, but I think that weekly
 would be too much of a good thing, for it is a
 fairly large magazine and should not be rushed
 through.

    Please do not let this magazine run to liumor,
 one humorous story a month is all right, but I
 feel that two are a little bit too much.

   One other complaint, I don't know how other
 readers feel, but it seems to me that you rather
 strain at things when you announce that the
 stories ave probable and stress their value to the
 future of science. I notice that in your last
 issue you have broken away from this. Stories,
 such as the “Crystal Egg,” for example, may be
 founded on a possibility, though I doubt the suc-
 cess of any such means. Certainly there is noth-
 ing prophetic about it. “Infinite Vision" is at
 least based on scicncc.

    Feeling, as I do, that the stories’ chief aim is lo
 amuse, and if possible lo also impart a little in-
 formation or stir the imagination a little, or
 both, I do not see the need for insisting |hat “The
 Crystal Egg" is workable. In short, present (he
 story on its own merits rather than try. to drag
 dubious science to its support-

   Your custom of giving pacli story a brief in-
 troduction is especially fominctidahlc. I hope you
 will I|qt tjijpk from the above t|iat I dislike your
 ipagazinc; as I buy cach copy the moniont it
 gels Oil the newsstands you uaii sec that 1 renllv
 enjoy it.

 I. I,. Bbktt.
 Spokane, Wash.

   [We can only affirm what has been for many
 years, a firm belief with us, that stories of the
 type that we publish are prophetic in a striking
 number flf oases. We do present every story on
 its pwu merits, of course, and we consider that
 stories given in oi|r column need no dubious science
 tq support Ihem, but we think they often give,
 wliat may he termed, -prophetic scicncc. The “Im.
 possible" may be impossible only today: suppose
 oil? lifid tried to tell Washington about the tele-
 phone, radio, X-ray or radium; it would certainly
 have seemed most preposterous and ridiculous to
 hi|Hi or wo,rse.

   Wc certainly appreciate your goqd wishes, and
 complimentary and other criticisms.—EDITOR.]

$35 TO $7TWEEBti

Railway Mail Clerk ( ) Meat Inspoctor
( ) Special Agent
(invoatigator)

P, O. Clerk
Forest Ranger
File Clerk
Matron
General Clerk
Chauffeur-Carrier
Skilled Laborer
Watchman
Postmaster
RFD Carrier

 i Stenographer-Typ
 i Immigrant Inspec
 i City Mail Carrier
 i U. S. Border Fate
 i Typist
 i Seamstress
 i Steno-Secretary
 ' Auditor

 Mr. Ozmont, Dopt. 141 St. Louis, Mo.

 Send me particulars about positions marked**!}
 —salaries, locations, opportunities, otc.

NAME____________________________

ADDRESS------------------------

 SWING PUT CYLINDER
 DDUBLE-flETI

   Shot

   Blue or nickel.

   . Powerful Gun at a bargain
   price. Soml No Money.

   I 1 ay on arrival our special
   price *14. plus postage. A
   Written Guarantee with
   this powerful gun. Cal. 32-20
   \\inchester 38special or 32. Uses Standard
   Ammunition. Satisfaction or money back.

  TJIE CLT PJiieES.vr.IB COMPANY

   I 1 <2O Liberty St. Depl.A. SI Now Vo-'-

 DEAFNESS IS MISEI
 GOOD HEARING A J(

          Millions of people know that, but Multiti
          persons with defective hearing and Head
          arc again enjoying conversation, go to The-
          Church because they use Leonard InvisiM
          • septic Ear Drums, which arc Tiny Meg;

) fitcingin the Ear entirely out of sight. No'/

   ». batteries, no head piece. They are Unseen ('
   and inexpensive. Write for booklet ami
   statement of the inv-ntor who was himsi
   A. 0. LEONARD. Inc.. Suite 190 70 5th Are., N.

  Smashed 1.

 This TEXAS RANGER also
 known as the Famous Rnntior
 Revolver. Is tho new 1927 model with
 side rod ejector used by every cow-
 puncher because of accuracy and depenuabllit;
 Solid steel case hardened frame. Comes In 3
 cal. only. Shoots any 38 cal. cartridge. Satlsfa
 lion or money refunded. Only $8.99.

Send No Money. Pay Postman Ou
Plus Postage.
EDWARDS IMPORT TRADING C
258 Broadway, Dept. El, New Yor

Fred Frankel, Ills., writ*

. $110 first week selling C
I direct to consumer.” You-
I capital or experience rent.'
| 25 per cent, cash commissi
big extra bonuses.

   WRITE FOR FREE f
CARLTON MILLS. Inc.
Ill Fifth Ave., Dept. 2;j

        LEARN TO DRAW!

               Remarkable book~**COMMERCIAL
               ART AND CARTOONING." Ex-

               plains how to.mako illustrations for
               books,advcrtinemcntii,etc. Alsobovy
               o become a Cartoonist. NO COR-
               RESPONDENCE COURSE .-Hook
               elln all—14 chapter*--l-5 illostra-
               ions. Kxpininii Elementary Draw*
               n>;i Still Life: Pen, Ink, Charcoal ,
               umf Crayon Work; Cartoon!n:
               etc. Round Flexible, lrn. Leather. Postpaid f
               S2.0O<C.O.D. 17c extra), OGILVIE PUU. CO.

 57 Roso Street, New York, Dept, 18

e

  32calMILITARY

 AUTOMATIC

  Noto the price J7.89

Bllisoat

 accurate.
 Hteol, cbcckcro«
 • ike

  n, juntli
  .ndar

  Poatmai._____

  Ifyouoronotaa-

  bargain. Flaah-like, V
  i, hard-h«tt Ins. IJIuo
  rod grip. A real ho-mnn’o

         ‘ over thcro.” Slioo
         Sondnomon^i;

     _ UNIVERSAL SAl*fi CO.

 259 Broadway, Dept. El NcwYoi

VALET AUTOSTROP
        (FREE)

 Send $2.50 for One Year's Su
 to AMAZING STORi:
 Address Dept. AS.
 EXPERIMENTER PUB. C.
 53 Park Place	New
This column will appear monthly
in Amazing Stories

      Rate—six cents a word. 10% dis-
      count for 6 issues and 20% for 12
      issues. Cash should accompany all
      advertisements unless placed by an
      accredited advertising agency. Ad-
      vertisements for less than 10 words
      not accepted.

Experimenter Publishing Co.
53 Park Place, New York City

AGENTS WANTED

  Free Hook. Start little Mail Order business.
Pier, 72-M, Cortland Street. N. Y._

 MIRRORS RESILVERED AT HOME.
COSTS LESS 5 cents per square foot; you charge
75 cents. Immense profits, plating like new,
brassy worn-off autoparts, reflectors, tableware
stoves, etc. Outfits furnished. Details FREE.
SPRINKLE, Plater, 815, Marion, Indiana.

  Luminous Crucifix 8x15 shines in dark. Driplcss,
Smokeless Meat Broiler—Tricity Audiphonc Co.,
Divenport. Iowa.

  $11.80 daily in advance (Send for sworn proof)
introducing New Insured Hosiery. 57 styles, 40
colors, guaranteed seven months. No capital or ex-
perience required. You simply take orders. We
deliver and collect (or you can deliver, suit your-
self). Credit given. PA S' YOU DAILY, monthly
bonus besides. Spring line now ready. We furnish
samples. Spare time will do. Macochee Textile
Company, Road 7681, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  Transfer Pictures (Twelve Varieties) to sell to
children at 1c. per sheet. Price 85c. per gross
postpaid. Address Percy Ewing, Decatur, 111.

_BOOKS _

  HYPNOTISM WINS I 25 easy lessons and 248
page illustrated reference guide $2.00. “Mindread-
ingV (any distance). Wonderful, $2.00. Science
Institute, A430, Milwaukee Avc., Chicago._

  Scientific romances, mystery tales for sale. “War
of the Worlds” by Wells. Price $2. “Sacred
Giraffe”, civilization five thousand years hence
$2.50. “Caesar’s Column” or Destruction of New
York $1.10 “When the World Shook." by Doyle
$2.00. “Devil Doctor” by Sax Rohmer $1.00. “Lost
Continent” by Hync—a story cf Atlantis, price
$2.00. Interesting catalogue. Fresno Book Shop,
1946 Tuolumne St., Fresno, California.

CHEMISTRY

  CHEMISTS! Students! Experimenters! Read
“Popular Chemistry,” 100% Chemistry magazine.
Chemical news, experiments, recipes, answers to
chemical questions, how to make apparatus. If

your newsdealer cannot supply you. send his name,
ddress, and 25c (no Stamps) for latest three num-
bers and book catalog. Popular Chemistry Com-

_CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

  Used correspondence school courses. All kinds.
Sold on repurchase basis. Big saving. Money back
guarantee. Lists free. (Courses bought). Lee
Mountain, Pisgah, Alabama.

_FORMULAS_

  3,000 Valuable Formulas and Recipes for $1.00.
368 pages. E. Kcphart. Box 34. Station Y. New
York.

HEALTH

  HERB Doctor Book—10 Cents. 250 Receipts for
making herb medicine. ITazzard Company. Box 1,
Vandcrveer Branch. Brooklyn, N. Y.

HELP WANTED

BE A DETECTIVE. Work home or travel. Ex-
perience unnecessary. Particulars free. George
Wagner, former Government Detective, 1968 Broad-
way, N. Y.

I do not like these stories: '

Why?

  “Station X."—Very clever, but the sacrifice of
Macrae was horrible and the whole story some-
what unpleasant.

  “The Thing from—Outside”—Entirely too mor-
bid—horrible and extremely unpleasant, this story
is one reason why I wouldn't like to have my boy
read the magazine, although otherwise I would be
glad to have him do so.

                            A. Van Rooy,
                            Villa Park, 111.

  [It is so curious to see how different readers
are affected by the same story. Many people
have admired "Station X” extremely, but you and
another correspondent, find fault with it. After
all, the sacrifice of Macrae is not as horrible as
the destruction wrought during the battle scene.

  “The Thing from—Outside" has impressed us
as a very powerful story, although we must admit
that the combination of the super-natural with the
almost arctic desolation of Alaska, makes up rather
a dreary picture. Wc quite fail to take your point
of view about this depicting of the natural wilder-
ness with its super-natural tenant and we do not
think it would hurt your boy to read it.—EDITOR]

     SOME VALUED SUGGESTIONS
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  As your magazine proceeds it seems to grow
better and better. I am very glad that it is to
become a bi-monthly. But there arc some things
I do not like about it.

  One is that you are not publishing books that
arc sequels in order. You gave “The Purchase
of the North Pole" before the ‘‘Moon Story.”

  I am glad you are going to publish some of
Edgar Rice Burroughs’ books, but please pub-
lish them in sequel order.

  I enjoyed “Station X” to the utmost. The idea
of transferring identities was also the subject of
a story by H. G. Wells.

  Until “The Abyss” I had read every one of
your H. G. Wells stories before.^ I read them in
a book called “The Country of the Blind, and
Other Stories.”

  You said in one issue: “We have a good many
of these famous stories by Clement Fezandie.”
And yet you have published but two.

  I would like you some time to publish the stories
that have appeared in “Science and Invention”
including the first Dr. Hackcnsaw stories.

Your enthusiastic reader.

                        Meredith Gardner,
Austin, Texas.
[Your criticisms arc quite interesting and wc
value highly, your suggestions. If the magazine
really grows better and better, we feel that it is
largely due to the appreciation expressed and felt
also, though unexpressed, by our readers. It is
not certain when it will become a bi-monthly,
but wc are hoping that that will happen at an
early date. Appreciating both your commendation
and your criticisms, wc wish to state that letters
like yours are most welcome. “Clement Fezandie”
will be back soon. Lack of space prevented us
from publishing his stories up to now.—EDITOR.]

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

MISCELLANEOUS

  FORMS to cast Lead Soldiers, Indians, Marines,
Trappers, Animals. 151 kinds. Send 10c for illus-
trated Catalogue. H. C. Scliierckc, 103-1—72nd St.,
Brooklyn, N. V.

  John J. Young, Movie Supplies. Film's, 507 W.
5*1111 St.. Mew York City._

  DON’T Prepare for any Civil Service Examina-
tion without seeing our catalogue. Free. Colum-
hi:m Col rcsimndcinx-	> D. (/.

_PATENT ATTORNEYS_

  U. S. and Foreign Patents, trademarks: moder-
ate rates. 22 years' experience, George C. Ileinicke,
32 Union Square, New York; registered in U. S.
■ind Canada._

_PERSONAL_

  TOBACCO or Sim It Habit Cured or no pay $1.50
if cured. Remedy sent on trial. Supcrba Co.,
^12. Baltimore. Md.

RUBBER STAMPS

  Your name handsomely moulded in fancy letters
upon a rubber stamp SI.00 plus 10c for postage.
Please Print name. R. Skeffington. 18 Bulfineh St..
Boston. Mass.

SONG POEMS

Song Poem Writers—write Rnv Hibbeler, D165
2104 N. Keystone Ave.. Chicago. _

,, 1 WAN'? So"P. Poems. Casper Nathan, N-3544
North Racine, Chicago.

Does $5,200 a Yes

Look Like a Mountaii

 Here’s a peculiar tiling about salaries
 To tho man making only $20 a week, "$IO a-\V<
 looms as big as a mountain.

 But he reaches it, let us say.

 Then "SSO-n-Weck” becomes tho height be
 which he hardly dares aspire. His little old "S
 Week" looks small indeed!

 Eventually—thru home-study training, if I
 wise—we will say that he attains his $S0 salary.

 When, lo and behold, that distant peak—"S
 Week"—becomes no higher than a foot-hill!
 wonders why he should ever have thought it u
 beyond his reach!

 Start Now—by Doubling Your Sa

 Never mind what you're making now.
 would you LIKE to make?

 Set your goal at $5,000 a year—$10,000 a y
 you like—and bear in mind tho fact that mol
 are frequently mistaken for mountains.

 Then read the following statements from I.:
 trained men, and you will understand why YOU
 CAN QUICKLY INCREASE YOUR EARN
 "LaSalle training liaa taken mo from the fi
 month class to a present earning power of over S'
 per annum."

 “Just received another raise of SG00. This mal
 total Rain of over 400% slnco I started training.’
 “Within a period of threo years LaSallo trai
 has increased my income from $250 a month to ?
 a year.”

 We do not promise anyone an immedia
 from $20-a-week-—or $40-a-wc«-k - to $10,000
 Advancement is rarely won that way.

 But we DO call attention to the fact tha
 six months’ time as many as 1248 LaSalle li
 reported definite promotions totallingSl ,399,
 average increase per man was 89 per cent.

 If you have the will and the purpose to suc<
 outthecoupon.clipit.andplaceitin the mail'

 “ ■" “—Find Yourself Thru LaSalle!—
 LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVEI

 The World's Largest Business Training Jnsi
 Dept. 1464-R	Chicago,

 I should be glad to learn about vour I
 salary-doubling plan as applied to f
 my advancement in tho business field
 checked below. Send also copy of
 "Ten Years’ Promotion in One,” all
 without obligation.

 □	Business Management

 □	Modern Salesmanship

 □	Higher Accountancy

 □	Traffic Management

 □	Railway Station Man- _
 agement	□Bankingand I

 □	Law-Degree of LL.B. □Modern Busin

 □	Commercial Law	fJiiondence an

 □	Industrial Management S£x!’Cr.‘ B"okl;

 □	Modern Foremanship	I . A. Coacl
 and Production Methods □ Business Lng

 □	Personnel and Employ- □Commercials
 ment Management	□EffectiveSpe.

Name_____________________________________________

°resent Position.................................i

Address---------------------------........--------

  Anyone CANX

            '/ft No bilent or experience noccaiinry
            " " - —-------’• blc mone*

            ' THICKS OP THE TRAD...... ~

       i 100 Alphabet.-* and Dcbjrti*. Book
       d in floxiblo Imt. leather, jtold e-lKr-i. «

            and four ball bennnir Show Card .
            f) Pons. Hook and Pon* srnt poatpwa

            JJ lor.-53.00. j0. O, ajOc oxIraJ

     hf/ EARN MONEY IMMEDIATELY
     1 7 WE FURNISH EQUIPMENTS

Insure your copy reaching you each r
scribe to Amazing Stories—$2.50 a yi
mentor Publishing Co., Inc., 53 Park
York. N. Y.
SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER!

This Handsome VALET
Auto-Strop Razor FREE
-with every five months’
subscription to—

’dtnee m&

The big Book of Scientific Events,

, _Magic, Novelties,

   Practical Developments
   from every corner of
   the world!

RADIO

NEWS

 RADIO NEWS is the

largest radio magazine pub-
lished. It is the outstanding
authority in the radio field,
carrying more new develop-
ments, more hookups and more
news than any other radio
magazine.

 RADIO NEWS carries in
every issue more than a dozen
separate departments that cover
every angle of the great indus-
try from the beginner to the
professional broadcaster or ship
operator.

  You can subscribe to “Radio
News” for 5 months for $1 and
also receive a VALET Auto-
Strop Razor Free. This is a big
opportunity—Don’t miss it.

 SEE COUPON BELOW.

IN order to acquaint the readers of this book with SCIENCE and
INVENTION, we are making, for a limited time, special
reduced rates and are also giving FREE one complete VALET
Auto-Strop Razor shown above.

  For only $1 (Regular Newstand price $1.25) you can obtain this
magazine for five months and also, one FREE Razor—

  This shaving outfit consists of a highly-polished, nickel-plated, self-
stropping Razor; one blade, leather strop especially prepared. The
razor case is of metal, finished in maroon, crystalized effect. Lined
throughout with velvet, harmonizing with the pleasing color scheme
of the entire package.

  The only razor in the world that sharpens its own blades.

  SCIENCE and INVENTION thoroughly covers every important
and interesting event of the scientific or inventive world that occurs
from day to day. All of the latest developments in Electrics, Patents,
Chemistry, Mechanics, Magic and Psychic Phenomena, Automotive
Subjects, etc., are written up and illustrated. This fascinating
magazine also makes a big hit with the radio beginner. In every issue
the sound practical fundamentals of radio are carefully and com-
pletely explained and simplified.

PIN A $1 BILL, MONEY ORDER OR CHECK
COUPON

TO THIS

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., Inc.	a. s.

53 PARK PLACE, NEW YORK. N, Y.

     Gentlemen, enclosed is $1 for 5 months’ subscription to
□ SCIENCE and INVENTION □ RADIO NEWS, You
are also to send me one complete razor as advertised FREE.

:n

    Name .,
    Address

The coupon is for your convenience, clip it today and
pin a $1 bill, money order, or check to it. Fill out the
Coupon with your complete name and address NOW.

Experimenter Publishing Co.

INC.

      City, State

53 Park Place

New York, N. Y.
“NOVELTIES

  trice:

5C

   ^CENTS.
PER

How to Make Them

             ^ ® 5U,pmm9.

Do you know that a -	be made )ust

    making, and useful »°^“ elc.
    from the old springs, the gear

NOVELTIES, the new^“oN tho J you

     staff of SCIE^CE, ,so£ wonderful Novelties,
     how to make_hun r	aiound the

"gtwil to make in your	spare time,

     has a big, wonderful surprise for
     EVMySeet n“ end to the simple, magical

things you can make at home.

u all newsstands. Buy your copy
now. ^ your dealer cannot supply you use the

special coupon below.

NOVELTIES,

contains 1 1 6

Pages,hundreds

of illustrations

and is published

in the big mag-
azine size 9x12

inches

HowJoMakeIt

«

Contains
116 Pages, 300
Illustrations.
Large Size 9x12
Inches.
PRICE 50c

MAKE HUNDREDS OF *
USEFUL THINGS AT
HOME WITH

HOW TO MAKE IT”

Building your own home furniture, cam-
eras. radio cabinets, sport devices, etc.. is
easy if you know what materials you need,
and have an illustrated explanation on how
to proceed. Then, too, you can save a good
ileal of money by making these valuable
things yourself.

  "S low to make if a big book compiled
from the great magazine "Science and In-
vention,” is full to the brim with hundreds
of up-to-date things to make at home.
Things that can be made by any man with
only a few Simple tools.

SURPRISE YOUR
FRIENDS

MASTER MYSTERY

Read
“POPULAR MAGIC”

  POPULAR MAGIC contains thousands of
simple, entertaining parlor tricks, as many
puzzeling magical stunts and a whole book
full of mystic spirit novelties. A new set
of tricks for every day of the year. Com-
piled from the great magazine “Science
and Invention."

 GET THIS GREAT BOOK TODAY.
Chock full of Tricks, Novelties, Mystic per-
formances, Master sleights-of-hands. Gags,
Disappearing acts. All kinds of fun. Buy
a copy or order direct. PRICE 50c.

POPULAR.

MAGIC

 Contains 116
 Pages of Tricks,
 Hundreds of
 Illustrations,
 Size 9x12 Inches

EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO.. Inc.,

5J PARK PLACE, NEW YORK.

Gentlemen: I am enclosing $..........for one

copy of □ NOVELTIES; DHOW TO MAKE IT;

□	POPULAR MAGIC

NAME . . .
ADDRESS
CITY, STATE

(Cheek Books Desired)

SOLD ON ALL
  NEWSSTANDS

Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc.

53 Park Place	New York, N. Y.
$2500 Reward

 for the Capture of an Unknown Man!

   TWICE he had entered the St. Clair Mansion. What was he after? Who?
   What was in danger? Berteau, the famous detective, had warned St. Clair
   that the mysterious marauder would come again. And now—a noise in the
   passage! The creak of an opening door. A shot in the dark! A capture!

Is this wounded stranger the mysterious intruder?
Who could tell ? Yet Berteau identified the man
without hesitation and won the $2500 reward.

How did he do it? Easy enough for the Finger
Print Expert. He is the specialist, the leader, the
crea>H of detectives. Every day’s paper tells their
wonderful exploits in solving mysterious crimes
and convicting dangerous criminals.

More Trained Men Needed

Thedemandfortrainedmenbygovernments,states,
cities, detective agencies, corporations and private

 bureaus is becoming greater every day. Here is a
 real opportunity for YOU. Can you imagine a more
 fascinating line of work than this? Often life and
 death depend upon finger print evidence—and big
 rewards go to the experts. Many experts can earn
 regularly from $3,000 to $10,000 per year.

   Learn at Home in Spare Time

 And now you can learn the secrets of this science at
 home in your spare time. Any man with common
 school education and average ability can become a
 Finger Print Detective in a surprisingly short time.

 Secret Service Hearts FREE

University of Applied Science

1920 Sunnyside Ave.,Dept. 11-95, Chicago, Illinois

Gentlemen: Without any obligation whatever, send me the
Confidential Reports of Operator No. 38—also your big Finger
Print Book and Special Offer now open.;

Name—

Street Address.—

City and State-

Justmail thecoupon and wewillsendyou withoutcostorobli-
gation the bona lido reports made by Secret Service Operator
No. 38 to his chief. Better than fiction! Leads you through
every step in the solution of a mysterious murder and a daring
train robbery. Shows how Finger Prints become infallible
evidence.

Get the big illustrated book on true Finger Print cases now
offered free. Also our special offer of a Professional Finger
Print Outfit and a Course in Sccret Scrvice Intelligence now
being made for a limited time. The coupon brings it all.
Mail it now. You have everything to gain—Nothing to lose.

University of Applied Science

1920 Sunnyside Av., Dept. 11-91 Chicago, 111.

PARTIAL LIST
of States, Cities end
Institutions
in which

  GraduatesofU.ofA.S.

   Hold Positions no
   Finger Print Experts
   State of Iowa
   State of Idaho
   State of Colorado
   State of Washington
   State of Michigan
   Duluth, Minn.
   Detroit. Mich.

   St. Paul, Minn.
   Pittsburgh, Pa.
   Lincoln, Nebr.
   Birmingham, Ala.
   Columbus, Ohio
   Havana, Cuba
   Calgary,Alta..Canada
   Pensacola, Fla.
   Houston, Tcxaa
   New Haven, Conn.
   Great Falls, Mont.
   Galveston, Tcxaa
   AlbanyCo.Penltentlary
   Albany. N. Y.
   Waterloo. Iowa
   "Wilkes Barre, Pa.
   lil Paso, Tcxaa
   Everett, Wash.
   Schenectady, N. Y.
   Alhambra, Calif.
   Livingston,Mont.
   SaKlnaw, Mich.
   Tampa, Fla.
   Yorlc, Pa.

   Fort Collins, Colo.
   Windsor, Ont., Can.
   Pueblo, Colo.

      Idaho Falls, Idaho
   LoralnCounty.OhlO
   Ogden, Utah
   Gainesville, Texas
   Walla'Walla. Wash.
   Indiana Reformatory
   Jeffersonville, Ind.
   St. Joseph, Mo.
   Mingo Junction, Ohio
   Okmulgee, Okla.
   XIazclton, Pa.
   Yakima, Wash.
   OklahomaClty.Okla.
   Dcs Moines, la.
   EastLanslng.Mlch.
   Globe. Arizona
   Hamtramck, Mich.
   London, Ont., Can.
   Henryctta, Okla.
   Seattle, Wash.

      Oak Bay, B.C.,Can.
   Ferndalc, Midi.
   Negaunee, Mich.
   Lawton, Okla.

   Bay City, Mich.
   Roanoke, Va.
   Glendale, Calif.
   Joplin, Mo.
   Drumright. Okla.
   Lima, Ohio
   Victoria, B. C.