
Unanimously Accepted
for Its Natural Humor...

01! 01! I’M LEFFING—and how you’ll laugh!

Page after page—illustration after illustration—a continuous stream of inno-
cent, natural humor that will get under your skin in an effortless way, and
bring out every laugh in your system.

Such side-splitting fun! Parodies on famous poems in the
natural humor of the dialect! (See contents).

The entire city has adopted this immensely funny book. Its
germ of humor and fun is spreading like wild fire! With it
you will laugh as you have never laughed before.

Then there’s Silas Greene and his son, Abner, fellows worldly

 CONTt.Nrs IN PART

Chepter Vun: A corrected
>n of de wolld’s grat-
est potery.

De Shooting of Sern dp

Jew—Voodman Sparc Dot
Tree—De Keed's L r a t
Fight—De Willage Bleck-
smit—Dp Fncc On Dc Bar
Room Floor — An Old
Sveetheart From Mine—
and six others, famously
funny.

Chapter Two: Silas Greene
answers all qwestions re-
latin to life, liberty, and
pursuit of members a the
opposite sex.

Third Worse: In wich Ab-
ner Greene, the son uv
Silas, tells of his conk-
wrsts over the fare sex.
and attemps to express
his views on matters uv
interest to nobody.

 wise concerning women, whose experiences with wild women
 and tame women made wild, we assure you, will send you off
 a'conquering.

 Bring it into your home—you need it! The atmosphere will
 instantly become charged with unrestrained laughter.

 Oi! Oi! I'm Lefting—it is 25c worth of million dollar humor.

25c on all newsstands or write
us direct

Use this coupon now!

I The E. I. Company, 230 Fifth Avenue, New York City.

I Gentlemen:

I	■

I Here is my 25c (stamps—coin). Please rush through my copy of 1
I "Oil Oil I'm Leffing."	I

: :

I NAME ..............................................................I

I	I

! STREET ADDRESS ...................................................I

I	■

! CITY ....................................STATE ....................t

U. .......... .............-----------------------
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

1

RADIO

NEWS

Practical Radio Advice Whenever you want it

           WHENEVER and wherever there is a question or doubt
           about Radio. RADIO NEWS offers its service.

           And more and more each day, the readers of RADIO
           NEWS are using this service to good advantage.

            But more than anything, the fact that RADIO NEWS can
            present, far in advance, money-saving articles, radio helps, the
            newest circuits and the latest trends, is a great factor in its
            popularity.

             The radioist who has RADIO NEWS directing and advisfng
             his actions has a set that can not be outranked—RADIO
             NEWS is ever to the fore I

             It is interesting—It is valuable—It is Radio through and
             through—And every copy contains something, of one kind or
             another, that you should know.

                 RADIO NEWS 25c on all newsstands

                  We Will Not Have to Sell You The Second Time.
                  if newsstand has none on hand order direct

EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., Inc,

Its Here

RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE AND CALL BOOK~50c

 Why Ihc circuits, the listed stations, arc worth ten times more!

 For money's worth, remember the name—RADIO LISTENERS’

 GUIDE AND CALL BOOK! Most complete, convenient,
 helpfulI

 Circuits—The Hammarlund-Hi-Q6, The Official Browning
 Drake, The Super Hilodyne, The R.E.L. "All Wave” Electric 9
 —The very latest—dozens of them—written and prepared for use

 AT All. NEWSSTANDS OR DIRECT

  by experts—all ready to build with diagrams and complete in-
  structions.

  Stations—a wonder index of radio stations of the world, com-
  pletely listed by call names and cities, with wave lengths and
  other important data—and special space for dial markings.

  News—the interestin'/, illustrated intimacies of the studios
  which you will thoroughly enjoy.

Radio Listeners’ Guide and Call Book—50c.

CONSRAD COMPANY, Inc., 230 FIFTH AVENUE, N. Y. C.
EDITORIAL A GENERAL OFFICES: 230 Fifth Ave., Now York City
Published by Experimenter Publishing Company, Inc.

(n. GERNSBACK, Pres.; S. GERNSBACK. Trcas.)

C. D. ROSENFELT. Sec’y.

Publishers of SCIENCE & INVENTION, RADIO NEW8. AMAZING
ST0RIE8, RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE. FRENCH HUMOR
Owners of Broadcast Station WRNY

TITLE

Contents

 PAGE

The Moon of Doom

By Earl L. Bell.................................... 4

The Atomic Riddle

By Edward S. Sears............................ 44

When The Sleeper Wakes

By H. G. Wells................................... 55

The Golden Vapor

By E. H. Johnson................................127

The Puzzle Duel

By Miles J. Breuer. M. D.................133

The Terrors Of The Upper Air

By Frank Orndorff..............................138

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY li publlihed on tho Mlh of J«nu-
ary, April, July and October. There are 4 numbers per year. Subscrip-
tion prlco la *1.75 a year In U. S. and possession*. Canada and foreign
countries $3.00 a year. TJ. B. coin as well as U. S. stamps accepted
(no foreign coin or atampj). Single copies 50 cents each.

All communications and contributions to thla Journal should be addressed
to Editor AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY'. 230 Fifth Aso.. New
York. N. Y. Unaccepted contributions cannot be returned unless full
postage has been Included. ALL accepted contributions aro paid for on
publication.

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY. Application for second class mat-
ter at tho post offlco at Now York. N. Y.. pending. Tltlo Registered
U. S. Patent Offlco. Copyright, 1028. by E. P. Co.. Inc.. New York.

Tho text and Illustrations of this Magazlno are copyrighted and must not
be reproduced without giving full credit to tho publication. AMAZING
STORIES QUARTERLY la for sale at all newsstand* in tho United
States and Canada. European Agents, S. J. Wise Et Cio. 40 Placo
Verte, Antwerp. Belgium. Printed In U. S. A.

General Advertising Dept.. 230 Fifth Avenue. New York City.

         L. F. McCLURE. 720 Cass Street, Chicago. III.	IIARRY E. HYDE. 518 Drexel Building. Philadelphia. Pa.

DAVIES. DILLON ft KELLY, 15 West 10th St.. Kansas City. Mo.	A. J. NORRIS HILL CO., 0 Third St.. San Francisco, Calif.

T. F. MAGRANB, Tark Square Bldg., Boston. Kans.	412 W. 6th St., Los Angeles, Cal.; Leary Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

2
  --------,----——-----------------------

THE BOOK OF SCIENTIFICTION

                                              HUGO
                                              GERNSBACK,

                                                                                                 Editor.

PREFACE

IN presenting this, the first Amazing Stories Quarterly, to you, we take it ±or granted that you are already
a regular reader of Amazing Stories Monthly. In the two years during which Amazing Stories has been
published, thousands of readers have voiced the opinion that they would like to see it come out more fre-
quently. Many readers wanted to see it a semi-monthly, and some even wanted it each week. These two
suggestions, for production and publishing reasons, however, we have found to be an impractical solution to
the problem.

    Last summer we issued the Amazing Stories Annual, in which was featured "The Master Mind of Mars,"
by Edgar Rice Burroughs. This 50c Annual enjoyed an excellent reception, and brought forth many letters
from readers who enjoyed the book, asking us to publish such a book more frequently.

    The result is Amazing Stories Quarterly, the first issue of which you now have before you.

    The publication dates of Amazing Stories Quarterly will be as follows:

           Winter issue.....January 20th

              Spring issue -----	April 20th

          Summer issue.....July 20th

Fall issue......October 20th

    The publication of the Quarterly will not interfere with Amazing Stories Monthly Magazine, because the
monthly is on the newsstands about the 5th of the month. It is believed that this staggering of the publica-
tion date will make the financial burden less heavy on Amazing Stories readers.

    The Quarterly performs one important duty; it enables us to publish many full length novels, which we
know you want, and which, if they were printed in the monthly, would take a good deal of time to publish. It
has been the rule of Amazing Stories Monthly to publish a full-size novel in three installments. That means,
it takes three months before it is completed. We have so many excellent full-length novels on hand which we
wish to give our readers that we feel the Quarterly, supplementing the Monthly, will furnish an ideal arrange-
ment.

    Since the inception of Amazing Stories, a new literature, which we term “Scientifiction,” has sprung up, and
there are so many excellent short stories, as well as full-length novels, that are at our disposition now, that in
the very nature of things, it would take too long if all of them were to be published in the Monthly.

    It will furthermore be seen that the Quarterly contains exactly twice as much material as the Monthly,
and for that reason we come pretty close to the wish of so many of our readers—namely, to come out twice a
month. As far as material and stories are concerned, the Quarterly practically accomplishes this.

    Heeding the request of a large number of our readers, we have not included in this Quarterly, any stories
that appeared in the regular Monthly publication. All the stories in the Quarterly are brand new, with the
exception of "When the Sleeper Wakes," by H. G. Wells, and “The Gravity King," by Clelland J. Ball.

    We have had a great many requests to publish "When the Sleeper Wakes,” and, since it is one of the fore-
most books ever written by II. G. Wells, we are convinced that you will welcome its publication—especially
because the book is out of print, and is therefore very difficult to get at the present time.

    But the big story of the season is undoubtedly “The Moon of Doom," a new full-length novel published here
for the first time. This is a story that will arouse your interest and, we know, your approval. It is one of the
most exciting scientifiction stories we have printed in a year, and it ranks well with the best of such stories
anywhere.

    Now, after you have read the first issue of the Quarterly, we would very much like to have your reaction
to this publication. You will find a voting blank elsewhere in this magazine, which we would ask you to be
good enough to fill out.	Editor.

All rights reserved including that of translation into foreign languages
including the Scandinavian.

Printed in the United States of America

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., 230 FIFTH AVE..N. Y.
  ------:--------------------------------------------------------—'RE?

3
^ MOON OF DOOM

  hij Earl L. Bell

                            I} iip‘‘!nilllllliji .11

                                    !lS|i!llllllll,lvSI1r --'v4

                          —jssS?1111 “ "•	id nil

                                          Mt li til imn II 'Hi I1 if P if J.1
                                          irTOHiiifpitWlii'SlKl
                                          | i!j»iirtivp'jf J i?? n yifiiiiflM 111!

            mMr Ml IS5

 Giant, bird-like atoplanes filled the air, carrying on much of the world’s travel and commerce .	Many of the older houscS

 and nearly all of tho office and industrial buildings had been covered with flat-topped structures affording landing stages.
THE MOON OF DOOM

5

It is the very error of the moon

Which comes more near the earth than she was wont
And makes men mad!—Othello.

CHAPTER I
A Slip In Cosmos

ARTH faced chaos—something was wrong
with Time!

  For half a week the days had been getting
shorter. About a quarter of an hour had been
clipped from the twenty-four hours of the day.

  Science, confused, could give no satisfactory explana-
tion. It was known that the earth was speeding up on
its axis. This alone was certain. As to the cause, a
thousand and one theories had been projected from as
many sources. Observatories the world over were
broadcasting reports so garbled that none could under-
stand, and it wasn’t the fault of the wireless, for static
had been eliminated many years ago. Astronomy in
particular was befogged. The world was speeding up
on its axis. This epitomized the myriad suppositions so
far as the man on the street could comprehend. What
would happen if the acceleration continued? “Chaos,”
was the answer. Here science had no doubt. Would it
continue? Science could not say. “We must first de-
termine the causc of the phenomenon,” was the some-
what vacuous observation of Professor Josephus Sayre
of the Yerkes Observatory, recognized as the greatest
astronomer of the age and to whom the world was
looking for an answer. And the renowned professor
was in a berserker rage because of his impotence in
the premises. Science itself was mad.

  Other than the shortening of the days, little change
had been noted. The east still held the sun's wakening
and the west its repose, though there was a fraction less
of both daylight and darkness. The stars had lost none
of their glory, and each maintained its niche. When
the change was first
noticed, astronomers had
turned their telescopes on
the moon, which had been
acting strangely for
years; but the satellite
still hung high in the
heavens, apparently fol-
lowing on its usual orbit,
though its motion, like
that of every other object
in the skies, seemed ac-
celerated as a result of
the earth’s new speed. It
was announced from the
Berlin Observatory, how-
ever, that Luna was shin-
ing with unwonted bril-
liance. The bolometer
showed that she was re-
flecting a little more than
the usual one-600,000th
part of the sun’s midday

light but it was agreed that this probably was due to
the fact that the atmosphere was at last practically free
of smoke.

  On the first morning of the change, when it was an-
nounced that the sun had risen nearly three minutes
late, an incredulous world was inclined to laugh—and
did laugh when it learned that the news came from the
Burke Station in Colorado. For it was none other than
the eccentric Professor Francis Burke, astronomer,
hieroglyphist and orator, who had predicted that the tail
of the great comet of 1999 would annihilate all life on
the globe. And the world laughed louder when it re-
membered that the day was April First. “Capital!” it

JV

exclaimed. "Professor Burke’s Revenge!” “The Aristo-
phanic Astronomer,” jibed an editorial in the New York
Banner. “The Hoax of the Century!” screamed the Lon-
don Enquirer, while the sensational Chicago Dailytab
issued an extra heralding "Slip in Solar System!” in
red type. The sedate Washington Sentinel declared edi-
torially that "the publicity-seeking perpetrator of this
hoax, who again bids fair to needlessly alarm the world,
should be dealt with summarily in a manner fitting the
enormity of the intended jest, even though it is All
Fools’ Day.”

  So the world, the work-a-day world, the joke-loving
world, had its little laugh and went about its affairs
as usual. Professor Burke simply had overslept, or his
watch was wrong.

  But later in the morning, when radio advices from
New York, Paris, Berlin and other centers of astronomic
learning corroborated the intelligence from the Burke
Station, the world woke.

  The world woke, but was still skeptical. The sun
missing schedule? Impossible! Absurd! Had all the
scientists joined in Burke’s jest?

  And then the climax. Professor Josephus Sayre him-
self announced that the Yerkes instruments established
the sun’s delinquency beyond cavil!

  It was then that consternation gripped civilization.
And on the night of April First, when Professor Sayre
was the earliest to announce that the sun had gone
down nearly three minutes ahead of schedule, stark
terror began to stalk the earth.

  Stark terror and bedlam. Science helpless, groping.
All races united by the bond of common fear, forgetting
everything except the Great Change and asking but one
question: “Is this the end?" The ferment called hu-
manity more restless than ever. New York, Washington,
London, Paris and Berlin broadcasting nothing but the
latest observatory dispatches. Newspapers printing
“sun news” only. A world interested in nothing else.

Commerce at a standstill.
Thousands of telescopes
of every magnitude
searching the heavens,
Awe-stricken millions for-
getting how to laugh.
Hedonism relegated. Re-
vival of religon. Theology
as impotent as science to
answer the great query:
“Is this the end?"

  And then, on the eve-
ning of the fourth day,
when a few seconds more
than eighteen minutes
had been snatched from
the quotidian measure by
the unknown hand that
mocked the immutability
of the universe, came the
discovery that staggered
the trembling world.

  The cause was found by
Professor Ernest Sherard, brilliant young lunarian of
Mount Shasta Observatory whose recent discovery of
hieroglyphics on the side of Mount Hadley on the moon
had been hailed as the astronomic triumph of the century.

  Professor Sherard declared that the moon was re-
turning to the earth!

  Trigonometrical calculations by other noted astrono-
mers, including Professor Sayre, were made at once and
verified Sherard’s assertion.

  It was then that the world’s intellect began to totter.

  Unreasoning in their madness, the masses fumed at
a science that predicted but could not prevent. In the
vague hope that something might be done to stop the

 E have no hesitancy in declaring that you
 will read this tremendous story with bated
 breath throughout. Here is an interplane-
 tary story that is totally different—one of
 the best stories of the kind you have ever
 read. We admit that we, ourselves, could
 not lay the story aside until we finished it
 in the wee hours of the morning. The sci-
 ence throughout the story is excellent and
 in keeping with present-day scientific knowl-
 edge, but it is not the science alone that
 makes this one of the greatest stories of the
 year. The author possesses the extraordin-
 ary skill of arousing your interest and keep-
 ing it to the end. It is our hope to publish
 farther stories from the capable pen of Mr.
 Bell.
6

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

satellite, they waited impatiently for further word from
Mount Shasta where Ernest Sherard, a man still in
his early thirties—a man whose strong face framed a
dreamer’s eyes—kept feverish vigil at his telescope.

CHAPTER II
The Twenty-First Century

HAT the world was pleased to call the “true dawn
of civilization" had come in the year 2009.

  While no catholicon for the world’s ills had
‘'een found, many had been erased. There had been no
wars for half a century. Though commercialism still
held sway and avarice was not extinct, men as a whole
were devoting more time to art and science, the burden
of industry having been lightened greatly by discoveries
that had existed only as far-fetched dreams a few dec-
ades before. Though the greatest progress had been
made in inventions, the science of medicine—surgery
in particular—also had made enormous strides. There
had been a true renaissance of learning, and knowledge
was the Golden Fleece. The work of harnessing the
elements had been completed. There were few dark
corners left on the globe. Man was pushing ever onward,
his face toward the light. He was learning at last how
to face life, and there was no such thing as ‘‘too much
love of living.” Suicide was almost a thing of the past.
Prisons were few and all but empty. There was work-
for all, but not too much of it. The dawn of the Golden
Age was in the air.

  The greatest achievement of the century was the re-
lease and control of atomic energy, which was now doing
the world’s work. The secret had been learned in the
Murden laboratories, in 1963. Except for lighting and
minor power purposes, electricity had been shelved in
limbo. Steam power was only a memory. Giant bird-
like atoplanes, made of duralumin, filled the air, carry-
ing on much of the world’s travel and commerce. Ato-
mobiles, both ponderous and small, constituted the traffic
problem in the cities. Colossal atomotors turned the
wheels of industry. It was the age of the atom.

   The atoplanes were capable of indefinite flight, and the
swiftest of them could go two thousand miles an hour.
Gargantuan atoliners made daily roundtrips from both
Europe and America. Ships had practically vanished
trom the seas, and railroads from the land. Atomobiles,
speeding along hard-surfaced roads that radiated every-
where, transported passengers and some of the lighter
freight. Most of the passenger travel, however, was in
small, privately owned atoplanes which had a speed of
about five hundred miles an hour. Every city had its
atofield, and many of the older houses and nearly all
of the office and industrial buildings had been covered
with flat-topped structures affording landing stages,
while all of the new buildings were being constructed
on this plan. Elevators, opening on the roofs, provided
descent into the structures. Equipped with super-heli-
copters, the machines needed only their own displace-
ment in which to land or rise. Atoheat supplied warmth
in all buildings, while all but the smaller dwellings used
atolight for illumination.

  Atoplanes had carried man to every part of the
planet. Excursions in capsule-shaped atoliners to the
poles were common. Explorers had made many remark-
able discoveries, chief among which was the finding of a
temperate valley between epic mountains and glaciers
two hundred miles from the North Pole which Amund-
sen, on his flight across the pole to Alaska in 1926, had
barely missed. This valley, earth’s newest frontier, had
become peopled by the adventurous from all climes. It
was named Rogeriand for its discoverer, an American,
and its chief city was Boreas. Fifty miles long and
nearly as wide, the fertile rift now had a population of

nearly half a million. Many strange flora and fauna
had been found there.

  The principal metamorphosis caused by the develop-
ment of the atoplane had to do with the redistribution
of population in nearly all countries. The population
of the large cities had decreased in keeping with the
growth of suburban life, while new communities had
sprung up like mushrooms, especially on the sides of
mountains, the residents flying to and from the cities
which were still the centers of industry, education, sci-
ence, art and amusement.

  Another, and probably the most important effect of
the utilization of atomic energy was the definite out-
lawing of war. With universal energy at their disposal,
the nations realized that war would mean universal
suicide. Twenty years since, the principal governments
had adopted the Perpetual Peace Pact, for mutual pro-
tection. All armies and navies had been abolished and
fighting machinery scrapped, only a few relics having
been saved for museums. With the fear of war elimi-
nated, the world had turned its energy toward building
a real civilization, and Utopia seemed just around the
corner. Nearly every country was a republic. Even
Great Britain had given up her king.

  The world’s news was disseminated almost entirely
by radio. With static eliminated, nearly every home had
both receiving and sending sets. Telephone and tele-
graph had disappeared. Newspapers were published
only in the large cities, and their news contents were
confined mainly to major items which, in the old days,
were called bulletins. Their “make-up” was given over
largely to editorials and articles written by leading edu-
cators, scientists and fictionists, and to advertisements.
Through a recent invention by which radiograms were
typed directly on the cylinders of the presses, almost im-
mediate dissemination of the news was effected.

  Astronomy was perhaps the most popular science. Re-
flectors with 480-inch specula had been perfected, bring-
ing thousands of new stars to view. Every great obser-
vatory was a Mecca for a star-gazing populace. The
rudiments of astronomy were taught even in the primary
schools and youth was exhibiting keen interest in it,
just as the younger generation of three-quarters of a
century before had been the most rabid radio devotees.

  The powerful reflectors had brought much new plane-
tary knowledge. It was known that the markings on
Mars really were cleverly engineered canals, as sug-
gested by Professor Percival Lowell many years before,
but that life on the arid globe had been extinct prob-
ably 300,000 years. That Venus turned on its axis and
that conditions there were favorable to life in many
forms was also revealed. The theory that Saturn’s
mighty rings were composed of huge encircling meteor-
ites, some nearly as large as planetoids, had also been
proved. A tenth moon had been found in attendance
on the Giant Jupiter. Another discovery was that the
midget Mercury turned both faces to the sun. The most
distant planets, Uranus and Neptune, were shown to be
worlds of ice, whereas it had been believed they were
spheres of fire.

  But the discovery that occasioned most interest was
that made by Professor Sherard, whose invention, a
telescopic attachment that concentrated the magnitude
of the reflectors, permitting a much more minute study
of a small area, had disclosed strange writings on Mount
Hadley, one of the moon’s largest mountains. Bizarre
figures, some a hundred feet high, and weird lettering
that no one had been able to decipher, were now visible.
It %vas also thought that mathematical calculations had
been carved on the almost perpendicular cliff, but the
Sherard concentrator was not powerful enough to make
this clear.

  That the chiseling was the work of a vanished race,
astronomy was certain. The most powerful telescopes
THE MOON OF DOOM

7

brought the satellite within ten miles, as it were, and
its surface was shown to be a fantastic stretch of moun-
tains, craters and plains with an absolute absence of air
and water. The origin of the craters was still a mystery,
as was the nature of the strange “white rays” which
radiated from a few of the principal craters.

  The advance of medical science, in the year 2009, had
failed to reach a fountain of youth, but had conquered
nearly every disease. The span of human life had been
lengthened many years and there were thousands of
centenarians. Men were at last learning how to delay
death by correct living. The Great White Plague was
only a memory. Cancer had been the last terror to be
vanquished. Prodigious progress had been made in sur-
gery. No longer were the maimed and the blind seen
on the streets. New limbs were grafted on the dis-
membei-ed; the eyes of the newly dead were made to
function in the sockets of the sightless, and nearly every
other lost or worn out part of the body, heart and brain
excepted, was similarly replaced.

  Poverty, the mocker of civilization, had vanished. The
conflict of labor and capital was no more. Criminals
were treated for their sick minds and capital punishment
had been outlawed everywhere. Depravity was regarded
as insanity. The law of cause and effect was universally
recognized.

  Mankind was growing up.

CHAPTER III

The Revenge of the Atom

PROFESSOR SHERARD, in his theory as to the
cause of the Great Change, which was broadcast
everywhere and published in full in every paper,
blamed the release of atomic energy.

  Atoms, he explained, were the source of the earth’s
magnetism as well as its energy. The wholesale use of
the new power, through the blasting of the atom, had
disrupted the finely wrought balance between the earth
and the moon. The residue of released energy, instead
of returning to its natural state or assuming another
form, had gradually enveloped the planet with an in-
visible but powerful magnetic jacket several miles thick.
He cited the enormous increase in the number of meteor-
ites that had entered the earth’s atmosphere in recent
years as substantiation of his theory. This new mag-
netism, distinct from the earth's gravitational force,
had at last overcome the planet's tidal reaction on the
moon, which had been driving the satellite farther into
space since the time it became liberated from the nascent
earth, and was pulling it back, causing the earth to
rotate faster each mile the moon advanced.

  The only hope, he said, was that the immediate cessa-
tion of atomic energy production might halt the moon
and gradually restore the balance.

   “But I see little hope even if this is done,” he declared
dismally. “The pull of the earth has already counter-
acted the push of the tides and it is probable that nothing
we can do will repair the break. It seems that the
moon must continue its earthward course until the finish.
It is barely possible, however, that the tides themselves
may eventually drive it back, or that science will find
some way to neutralize or vitiate the atomic envelope.
In the latter case, the moon would halt and gradually
recede again, due to the tidal reaction. But such a
possibility seems very remote. The new magnetism is
the ghost of the atom, as it were, and is earthbound,
surrounding the globe like a spectral sheet that cannot
be unwound. Extensive research in my laboratory has
failed to reveal a way by which its influence can be coun-
teracted. All we can do is to return to the use of elec-
tricity or some other non-magnetizing agent. The pro-
duction of atomic energy should be stopped summarily

the world over, and if that fails to undo the Great
Change, the earth must pass.

  “The moon is now advancing at a rate of about a thou-
sand miles a day. It is now about 235,000 miles away.
If its present speed is maintained it will be, of course,
two hundred and thirty-five days before it reaches the
earth. But its speed will undoubtedly increase each
mile, just as a needle moves faster as it nears a magnet.
It is known that a needle fairly jumps to the magnet
when a certain point of attraction is reached, and it
is possible that the moon will do likewise when it at-
tains a certain proximity to the earth.

  “Science now knows that the moon was once a part
of the earth and that it was cast off, as from a break-
ing flywheel, when the molten planet was rotating at an
inconceivable speed. And then, after the earth broke
under the centrifugal strain and the moon became a
separate body, there was a time when the two spinning
spheres almost grazed. At this time, the earth was re-
volving in about three hours and the moon shared its
rotation. But the reaction of the tides—and they must
have been immense—caused the moon to recede farther
and farther and the earth to slow down correspondingly,
the days becoming longer.

  “When the earth and the moon were virtually in
contact, the day was about three hours long. Up to the
time of the Great Change the moon’s average distance
was about 240,000 miles and the day twenty-four hours
long. Taking the average distance as a working basis,
this shows that for every 11,428 4-7 miles the moon
receded, the day became an hour longer. It is logical
to presume that the situation will be reversed as the
moon advances—that one hour will be clipped from the
twenty-four for every 11,428 4-7 miles until, when the
moon has come twenty-one times this distance, it will
very nearly, if not actually, touch the earth, which will
be rotating in about three hours, the satellite moving
with it. But there is a possibility, as previously ex-
plained, that the moon will do more than merely graze
the earth. The planet’s new magnetism may cause the
smaller sphere to literally shoot earthward when a crit-
ical nearness is attained. This will certainly occur if the
moon does not stop before it comes within twenty thou-
sand miles.

  “But long before that dread collision takes place, it
is probable that life on the earth will be extinct. The
tides must be reckoned with, even should the globe’s
mad whirl fail to destroy all living things. By the
time the moon has covered two-thirds of the distance, a
new glacial age will have begun, and it is likely that
the satellite’s gravitational force, what with the greatly
increased rotation of the earth, will have caused the
freezing seas to leave their beds and cover all the world
except the higher mountains and some of the higher
plateaus.

  “Will the world fly to pieces during its travail? I
think not. Its crust is solid for many miles, and though
its surface may shift, I believe the globe as a whole will
remain intact. However, the sphere will groan in its
agony and in its weaker spots, its crust will be split and
twisted by earthquakes of inconceivable severity. Its
topography will be made over almost completely by the
churning waters and it will become a domain of ice,
even should the threatened collision occur. The globe’s
warmth will decrease.as its velocity increases, due to
the shortening of its exposures.

  “The end of the world is inevitable, unless science
finds some way to banish the new magnetism or some
new phenomenon arises to combat its influence. Be-
fore another day passes, every producer of atomic energy
should be stopped, even to every atoplane and atomobile.
Every scientist should devote his entire time and energy
toward the possible discovery of something that may
avert the impending doom.”
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

The moon Is only slxty-six thousand miles away. Within a week It will be not less than fifty thousand . . . then Iti
leap higher than our loftiest peaks, many of which will be destroyed by earthquake or undermined by the flood.

    CHAPTER IV
    The Ferment Oozes Down

 N the day following the broadcasting of Professor
 Sherard’s theory, which was concurred in by near-
 ly all of the leading astronomers, every atomic

engine in Christendom came to a sudden stop, mandates
having been issued almost simultaneously by every gov-
ernment. Every atoplane and atomobile was parked.
Industry and commerce were paralyzed. The world was
stunned, silent, like a child stricken speechless with
fright. Gone was its gaiety, its pomposity, its cupidity.
THE MOON OF DOOM

9

Aware of the true import of the Great Change, its tot-
tering reason was temporarily restored. Men talked in
hushed whispers, and of one thing only: the world was
coming to an end.

  The quest for fame, the race for fortune—what mat-
tered they now? And science had said that the world
was in its youth. How helpless was science, how im-
potent everything! Yet many believed that in some
laboratory, perhaps in some obscure research corner,
would be discovered the secret that would restore the
cosmic balance. The heavens themselves held the threat
of doom, yet some found solace in religion. Many, here
and there, went about their work as usual, like Tolstoy’s
plowman. The Great Ferment was oozing down at last,
and men were becoming sober as the bubbles burst.

  And in their soberness, in the face of universal dis-
aster, they were united as never before. Hope had not
vanished utterly—it would live as long as there was one
man left to tread the globe. There still was work for
the world to do, so men found time to forget some of their
fears in the great sedative called labor.

  Every industrial plant in the world was turned im-
mediately into a beehive of activity where men worked
day and night converting their discarded atomotors and
other atomic engines into electrically propelled machin-
ery that would carry on the world’s work until the end.
Commerce was still necessary. The distribution of
food was a more vital problem than ever.

  So within a fortnight, the wheels of industry were
whirlii." again, turned by a force which men had almost
forgotten how to use. Electric vehicles of every descrip-
tion, many of them hastily improvised, were pressed into
service everywhere, while airplanes of a type of fifty
years before flecked the skies. Most of these planes
were not suited for inter-continental flight, however;
and many electrically driven ships were built. An even
more ancient power, steam, was used in some of the
maritime craft.

  It was realized that these makeshift arrangements
could not keep unclogged the arteries of commerce, but
with trade restricted to the barest essentials and travel
virtually eliminated, they would suffice for the present.

  Science, too, had regained its composure. Every
laboratory, every observatory, was the scene of sedulous
investigation. The magnetic jacket was being studied
from every angle in the hope of finding a counter attrac-
tion, a de-magnetizing power that would snap the pull
of doom. Every reflector and refractor was employed
from dawn to dusk, with the ghastly, mocking moon the
cynosure of each lens.

  Among the most persevering workers were Professors
Sherard and Burke, the latter astronomer, who had
sprung into worldwide prominence through his discov-
ery of the Great Change, having joined the young wizard
of Mount Shasta in his efforts to find a planet-saving
clue.

  In the little more than two weeks that had elapsed
since the change began, the moon had advanced nearly
eighteen thousand miles. During the last week a de-
cided gain in its speed had been noted. The satellite’s
orbit was narrowing every day, the earth was revolving
a bit faster with each shortening of the course—and the
day had dwindled to twenty-two hours and forty-three
minutes!

  To the naked eye the moon appeared but a trifle
larger, though its markings were a little more distinct
and its reflected light a vestige brighter. A seeming
paradox was that its resemblance to a human face was
becoming less distinguishable as its etchings emerged
clearer. The principal changes noted through the tele-
scopes were a slight accentuation of its ruggedness and
a clearer presentation of its strange "white rays.”

  The moon’s strengthened hold on the tides had become
apparent, but not to an alarming degree. Wave-lashed

St. Helena reported the highest tides in the island’s
history, and the spray was reaching new heights on the
rocks of New England’s shore and on the shores of the
British Isles, but the oceans, as a whole, seemed as
placid as ever.

  Minor climatic changes also had been noted. With the
globe speeding faster on its axis, it was absorbing less
of the sun’s heat. Winter still lingered in the north
temperate regions, while the settlements near the arctic
circle reported the severest temperatures in years. And
Rogerland, near the North Pole, broadcast the news that
its people were becoming alarmed over the movement of
the surrounding glaciers, which were threatening to en-
circle the valley completely.

  So the possibility of the earth becoming frigid at an
early date struck a new note of terror in the first days
of the Great Change. But humanity, which had waxed
strangely fatalistic under the moon menace, showed no
symptoms of new pandemonium, even when Professor
Sherard and other authorities announced that the polar
ice fields would probably break loose from their founda-
tions and begin to shift toward the equator within two
months.

  All kinds of bizarre suggestions for stopping the moon
were offered. The one that attracted most attention
was that huge atomotors, equipped with dashers, be
manufactured by hundreds of thousands and used to
churn the seas into tides that might cause the satellite
to recede. Churches of all creeds united in supplications
and on a specified Sunday prayers ascended simultane-
ously from more than fifty million lips. Five thousand
members of a transcendental sect gathered in Chicago
and solemnly declared that man’s united will-power
could hold the moon in check. Many Islamites believed
that Mohammed was returning on the moon, and that it
would retreat after coming close enough for his white
horse to bring him to Earth.

CHAPTER V
Mildred

ERNEST SHERARD had an assistant other than
Professor Burke in his work at Mount Shasta—
one who meant more to him than the work itself.

  He had met Mildred Reamer six years before, when
he was a tyro astronomer.

  One night a child, the daughter of the widowed keeper
of the tenement where his meagre observatory was lo-
cated, had climbed to his attic workshop and watched
him intently as he nosed his telescope through the dorm-
er window and aimed it at the stars.

  “Please, sir, let me look through the big gun,” the
child asked.

  He focused the small but powerful instrument on
many-mooned Jupiter and asked the girl to see how
many “little stars” she could find around it.

  “Oh, God, how beautiful!” the child exclaimed after
viewing the planet for a minute. "Oh, God, how beau-
tiful!”

  And every following night, as long as he stayed under
Mrs. Reamer’s roof, the child looked through the "big
gun.” Evincing an inordinate interest for one so young,
she soon learned the names of all the planets and could
soon locate the brighter stars and some of the constella-
tions. Attracted by the child’s astronomic precocity,1
the young lunarian spent many hours telling her the]
secrets of the heavens and pointing out to her, until
she could describe them as well as he, the principal
features of his favorite object of study, the mystic moon.
Mildred became so enraptured in lunar observation that
he playfully called her the “Moon Girl.” And when he
left Mrs. Reamer’s house to pursue his work in more
pretentious quarters, Mildred was not forgotten. She
continued to visit his observatory, learning more and
10

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

more about the universe, and after her mother’s death,
he saw to her education and then engaged her as his
secretary and assistant.

  And now the “Moon Girl” was burgeoning into the
full bloom of young womanhood, radiantly beautiful.
His interest in her had grown into adoration, and the
time for taking her had almost come. No word of love
had been spoken, but Mildred understood.

  The Great Change had not frightened the girl. She
looked upon it as the Great Adventure. “Of course I
hope the moon will hurry back,” she said to Ernest one
day, “but if it must come on, I hope it comes close
enough for us to visit it. Wouldn’t it be wonderful
if you and I should be the first man and maid to make
the trip?”

  Ernest caught the twinkle of adventure in her violet
eyes and replied: “Only one thing would please me
better—to find a way to make the moon go back. Yes,
it would be wonderful to reach the satellite and explore
its peaks and craters. Maybe we could decipher the
strange writing on Mount Iladley, and learn the secret
of Tycho’s great rays. And the moon may come close
enough for such a visit—perhaps too close. Even now
the world is dying. The days are getting colder, the
ocean more restless. Unless Luna ceases her onward
swing, it will be all over in three months.”

  “Three months!” Mildred exclaimed. “So soon as
that?”

  “Yes. The ice fields are already beginning to break
up, and within a few weeks another glacial age will
be upon us in earnest. And then, within three months,
the tides will have lashed the oceans from their beds,
the icy waters covering nearly all the globe. The greatly
increased rotation of the earth and the moving of the
ice fields may cause the sphere to shift on its axis. And
even though the shift does not come, it is certain that
the acceleration will shake the earth to its foundations.”

  “Chaos,” Mildred meditated. “I have often wondered
what the end of the world would be like, and have been
so wicked as to imagine I would enjoy witnessing it. As
a child, I used to picture some comet or other interstellar
visitor colliding with our planet. And once I dreamed
that the moon fell back upon the earth, and now that
very thing is about to happen. Not that I want the world
to end, but I have often thought that if such must occur,
I would be glad to be living at the time. It would be
thrilling, awe-inspiring. I know it is strange that I
should feel this way, but it’s a part of my. nature, I
guess. The surge of life within me always seems high-
est when the elements are most belligerent. The louder
the thunder, the brighter the lightning, the more alive
I seem to be.”

  This strange quirk in the girl’s make-up was not new
to Ernest. She had been an odd child in many ways.
Back in the old days when he was a lodger in her
mother’s home, she often crept up to his attic on stormy
nights to view the raging elements from the coign of
the dormer window, and would clap her hands in delight
at each blinding Hash and its resultant reverberation,
happiest when the storm was at its worst.

  In fine, the girl seemed to find an eerie sort of ex-
hilaration in defying the elements. He recalled an in-
cident that occurred when she was about fourteen years
old. He had taken her and her mother to the seashore
for a Sunday afternoon outing. A severe storm came
up and during the darkness that preceded the gale’s fury,
the girl, clad in her bathing suit, disappeared. Half an
hour later, while the storm wa3 at its ugliest pitch, he
found her poised tip-toe atop a beetling crag at the
ocean’s edge, facing the terrible splendor of the light-
ning-lashed sky and the storm-tossed sea, her arms out-
stretched as if to embrace the gale and become a part of
it, a look of mingled defiance and happiness on her face.
He stood there fully a minute, watching the spray dash

over her lissom form and play with her soft brown hair.

  “Oh, God, how wonderful!” the child exclaimed as he
took her by the arm. “Let me stay!”

  “Mildred, I believe you are the daughter of old Thor
himself,” he told her as he led her away.

  And in that moment he realized that the child was
blossoming into maidenhood, and that he loved her . . .
even more than she loved the storm.

CHAPTER VI

Chaos Beckons

TEN weeks had passed since the beginning of the
end—that is, it would have been the middle of
June but for the shortening of the days. True to
Professor Sherard’s prediction, the moon had gained
momentum and was now advancing nearly three thou-
sand miles.a day. It was less than 125,000 miles away,
and nearly'ten hours had been deducted from the twenty-
four. Shaken by earthquakes of unprecedented violence,
the earth seemed unable to bear its travail. Mountain-
high tides, lashed to demoniac fury by the moon’s ter-
rific pull, were threatening the very heart of the con-
tinents. It was a repetition of the Noachian flood, but
far more cataclysmic in its terrible grandeur. And
over all was spreading the death-cold from the Great
White Spaces. The seas were becoming clogged with
glaciers, some of which were already upon the con-
tinents.

  Chaos was beckoning.

  Gone was nearly every coast city in the world. New
York was one of the first metropolises to vanish. The
Florida peninsula had disappeared almost entirely. Lon-
don and nearly all of the British Isles were under the
sea. Earthquakes and tides had combined to submerge
the Japanese Isles and much of the coast of Asia, while
the tides alone had conquered the coasts of nearly every
other continent. It was estimated that about an eighth
of the land was already submerged.

  Stark terror again, and incipient insanity. Commerce
abandoned, forgotten. Men of all bloods fleeing to moun-
tains and plateaus, forgetting everything except the will
to live and again asking but one question: “Is this the
end?" Fleeing by day and by night in a hodge-podge
hegira, gazing helplessly, hopelessly at the advancing-
ogress of the skies, the hideous, gloating moon.

  Hundreds of thousands of the inhabitants of small and
remote islands had perished when their lands were sub-
merged, and tens of thousands in other parts of the world
had died in earthquakes. Japan was literally cracked to
pieces before the waters engulfed it, and most of its
inhabitants had fled to China. Otherwise, little loss of life
had been occasioned by the first convulsions of the Great
Change. The frenzy of the seas had, in most places,
developed gradually, and the initial exodus from the coast
regions was orderly. Less than a hundred lives had
been lost in New York. But now, with the waters
threatening to reach the plateaus and the ice flows from
the arctic advancing, humanity’s trek to higher ground
was becoming a disorganized, cluttering retreat.

  Atoplanes and atomobiles of every description had
been commandeered by the governments and put back
into service to expedite the exodus, the ban on atomic
energy being suspended for the emergency, but all
means of transportation were proving inadequate and
millions of the panic-stricken peoples were making the
journey to the interior on foot.

  Paris and Berlin still were safe and were the Meccas
of millions of gregarious Europeans despite the warning
that these cities soon must go. North Americans were
scurrying like ants to the Central Plains, notwithstand-
ing the admonition that this would be the first part of
the continent to receive the gelid waters from the north
and from the ocean’s overflow pushing its way up the
THE MOON OF DOOM

11

Mississippi, and that the western mountain ranges and
the higher Appalachians would be their safest refuge.
Likewise, the coa3t inhabitants of South America were
moving to the Amazon and Parana lowlands instead of
to the Andes; Africans were crowding the Sahara table-
lands, ignoring the Atlas Mountains in the North; Aus-
tralians were migrating to the Western Plateau; Asiat-
ics alone were climbing the mountains, and this because
of the interior location of the ranges and plateaus. The
Himalayas and the Kuenluns were their main objectives.

  The primordial instinct of all animal life to seek
safety in flight, and to travel as far as possible from
the scene of immediate danger, was asserting itself.
In the face of the Great Terror man, the super-animal,
was atavistic.

  Communication with Rogerland had ceased abruptly
two weeks since, and it was believed that the country
had been crushed under mountains of ice, the last mes-
sage having stated that the glaciers, shaken from their
bases and set in motion by earthshocks, were closing in
rapidly. Many of the inhabitants of this valley had
escaped, however, and were reported making their way
south through Canada, the people of. which country also
were joining in the migration to the Central Plains of
the United States before the approaching dominion of
ice, whose coming was heralded by intense cold.

  The chilling blasts from the arctic also had hastened
the exodus from the northern parts of Europe and Asia,
while far to the south, in the outposts near the ant-
arctic circle, a frenzied trek toward the equator was in
progress.

  The problem of food distribution was forgotten in
the great hegira, and thousands of refugees from every
land were dying of hunger and cold.

  Wild animal life from the arctic wildernesses also
was fleeing before the ice terror, while millions of
feathered creatures from both the north and south
polar regions were winging their way toward more favor-
able climes.

  And during the great debacle science was as helpless
to stop the stampede of humanity as it was to halt the
oncoming moon and restore the cosmic equilibrium. Its
advice, its admonitions, were for the most part un-
heeded, though a small minority was listening and pro-
ceeding, in orderly manner, to gain the temporary safety
of the highlands. These were carrying with them many
of the conveniences of civilization, large stores of food,
heavy clothing, and equipment for hastily erecting abodes
on the lofty land. Already many improvised dwellings
were appearing high on the mountains and in some
places, principally on the plateaus, communities were
being formed, keeping in touch with the rest of the world
by radio.

  Highways to all of the interior cities of the United
States were becoming cluttered with refugees from the
coast regions, many of whom were pitching tents or
building shacks on the outskirts of the towns. Because
of its proximity to the geographical center of the coun-
try, Omaha, Nebraska, was becoming the nation’s most
populous city. The destruction of New York and other
large cities on the Atlantic seaboard had at first poured
much of the population of this region into Chicago,
Detroit and other points in the Great Lakes country,
but the cold and the menace of the tides soon drove the
wanderers onward again. The vanguard of the second
exodus had moved on to Omaha, and the bulk of the
hysterical masses followed blindly. Then came the time
when earthquakes added to the terrors of the wave-
lashed Pacific; Coast, and the refugees from the west,
as gregarious as their eastern brothers, also descended
on the Nebraska city, ignoring, en route, Denver and
other safer cities high in the Rockies.

  Other towns in Nebraska, Kansas and the plains states
in general were feeling the effects of the stampede, but

Omaha was the chief camp of the hapless hordes, and
was to continue as such until the day of its doom.
Humanity, in its supreme peril, was huddling together,
helpless and leaderless, but seeking safety in numbers,
as of old.

CHAPTER VII

The Gty of Dementia

THE malefic moon continued to advance and the
dizzy parent-sphere to increase its breakneck whirl-
ing, the gasping days to shorten, the bitter cold
to creep.

  And science remained as impotent as on the first day
of the Great Change. But science had not abandoned
hope, and was trying desperately to restore the reason
of a world gone mad . . . Trying in vain.

  North Americans continued to flock to the Central
Plains. Omaha was the hub of an expanse of souls that
stretched nearly fifty miles in every direction in a
seething ferment. By day the refugees sought to es-
tablish a semblance of order. Tens of thousands of
tents and other crude shelter structures were going up
each day. Even atoplanes and atomobiles were being
dismantled and their metal converted into material for
shacks. By night the inhabitants of the City of Demen-
tia did little but discuss incoherently the moon menace
and gaze at the ever-growing satellite whose beauty now
had changed into the loathsomeness of death itself, and
try to forget their terror in fitful slumber—and so short
had the nights become, there wasn’t much time for
sleeping; so brief the daylight, night and day seemed
one.

  The government of the United States was still intact,
though the administrative departments had been moved
to the resort buildings on Mount Mitchell, the highest
peak in eastern America, as soon as the tides threatened
Washington. A gigantic radio station had been erected
atop the mountain and the government was keeping in
touch with the rest of the world and trying to calm
its own populace. The President was making impas-
sioned appeals to the people to seek safety elsewhere
than on the plains, but his pleas, like those of science,
were all but disregarded.

  Nearly all the government atoplanes and other vehicles
of transportation had been assembled at Asheville and
Hendersonville, near Mount Mitchell, and were used to
carry food and clothing to the refugees at Omaha and
other places. All available supplies of this nature had
been commandeered for the purpose.

  The suffering in Omaha and its newly acquired en-
virons was intense. Thousands of families had arrived
in this false refuge penniless and without provisior-
Scarcity of water also was being felt. Huge mains were
being run from Omaha reservoirs to outlying districts,
but the supply was inadequate, and wells were being dug
everywhere. The crowded, unsanitary conditions be-
spoke inevitable epidemics of disease.

  The soul of the City of Dementia, like its physical
side, defied description. Albert Simmons, noted poet,
called the place "The City of Unmasked Men,” and this
was probably the most expressive epitome. The con-
tentions of science that civilization was only a thin veneer,
and that man was his real self only when released com-
pletely from social restraints or when facing death, was
being proved in a graphic, piteous way.

  The soul of man was stripped bare, revealing its
paradoxes of good and evil, beauty and ugliness, virtue
and vice, hope and despair. Paradox of love and hate,
of avarice and benevolence, of vicariousness and selfish-
ness, of spirituality and materialism—such was man in
the city of his last stand.	e

  Insanity, perhaps, but sanity, too, is but a thin veneer.
And the strangest paradox of all was man’s cupidity^
in his hour of travail, in the face of annihilation.
12

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  The peddler crying his wares, the merchant display-
ing his stock, the millionaire flaunting his wealth—they
were there ere the Mecca of Misery was two weeks old.
And Shylock, too, was there.

  Business as usual! The Omaha newspapers crowd-
ing moon news with “closing out” advertisements; the
sign of the three balls here and there; “For Sale at
World’s-End Prices” signs tacked on many a mercantile
shack in the crowded, crazy streets; food and clothing
commanding fabulous prices; atomobile salesmen dis-
playing the newest “electrically equipped” models; men
forgetting the moon menace in their inherent desire to
accumulate wealth; forgetting the miserable masses
around them; forgetting, in measure, their own suffer-
ing; selling the very water from the newly dug wells.

  And the ubiquitous life insurance man also was on the
scene—doing a big business, thank you!

  Man was truly mad . . . had always been mad deep in
the recesses of his brain where was stored the greed
that had its birth when his hairy ancestor, in the first
days of the bow and arrow, stocked his cave with meat
until the stench drove him out.

  Morals, proprieties were almost forgotten ii) the bed-
lam. What mattered they now, when every soul was
bared? Man was a brute, an abysmal brute, and woman’s
soul was little fairer. Many and brazen were the painted
women; many and shameless the roues.

  But all was not ugly in the great unveiling. If evil
predominated, it should be remembered that terror and
suffering are cousins germane to insanity, and insanity
the true parent of crime. The fact that no man with
the right kind of brain, with the intellect he should have,
could be criminal, had long been recognized by both

science and religion. This was the reason why nearly
all prisons had evolved into hospitals at the beginning
of the Twenty-First Century.

  But there were no hospitals for the sick people of the
City of Delirium.

  The eternal forces of good and evil were still at work.
Over the outlying stretches of hunger and misery, away

Ernest started the puissant motors. They were oft.
"Goodbye, dear world!” cried Mildred. "Farewell,
mean macrocosm!" grunted Professor Burke.

from the frenzied trading marts, was held the white
hand of charity, and over the forms of those to whom the
Great Change had already brought death, were said the
gentle prayers of faith and hope. Religion was there,
all creeds uniting in the final test. But all these benefi-
cent agencies could do but little to relieve the suffering,
banish the terror or restore the sanity of the Great
Ferment.

  And religion itself, as fear and misery grew, threat-
ened to become fanatic, if not barbarous. A great evan-
gelical leader, unbalanced by the chaos, already was ad-
vocating human sacrifices to appease the wrath of the
heavens.

  Philosophy also was becoming warped, and nearly
every man was a philosopher with divergent views. The
cold air of night was rent by the strident voices of
THE MOON OF DOOM

13

these sages who mounted soap-boxes and what-nots to
expound their theories as to the Why, the Whence and
the Whither.

  Stoicism was gaining ground as hope diminished. A
familiar figure among the oratorical contingent was a
bent and bearded man, clad in winding white like the
prophets of old, who would point a bony finger at his
auditors and mock: “What if this is the end of the
world? You won’t know the difference in a thousand
years. You’re no more than a bag of gnats, anyhow.”

CHAPTER VIII

Professor Burke Growls

PROFESSORS Sherard and Burke, from their re-
treat on Mount Shasta, sent out daily messages to
the world, warning the people to flee the valleys and
pleading with the inhabitants of the City of Dementia
to scatter to the hills. And though these two astronomers
were now recognized as the chief savants of the Great
Change, their appeals had little effect.

  “Let them stop the moon—then we’ll listen to them,”
was the response of the stricken, the doomed, as they
continued to mass in the lowlands.

  Feverish and almost ceaseless work to find some way
to combat the moon-pulling magnetism had overtaxed
Ernest Sherard’s energy and impaired his health. A
nervous collapse had threatened, and Mildred was now
nursing him back to normal.

  Failure to discover a world-saving force had not vis-
ibly perturbed the robust, cynical Professor Francis
Burke.

  “Maybe the world isn’t worth saving, anyway.” he
growled one day after a particularly promising thread
of investigation snapped. "Maybe chaos, annihilation,
were better after all. Earth has always been an accursed
planet.”

  “Sour grapes!” Mildred chided.

  “ ‘Make wine that does Life’s sourness dissipate,’ as
Omar Khayyam might have said,” he returned.

  “Old Omar! He is Ernest’s favorite philosopher,”
Mildred said, turning to Sherard. "But I guess Ernest
is losing respect for the Tentmaker now, for it was he
who said:

    ‘When You and I behind the Veil are past,

     Oh, but the long long while the World shall last!’ ”

  “But Omar knew what he was talking about, after all,”
Burke submitted. "Bear witness the last two lines of
the quatrain:

    Which of our Coming and Departure heeds
    As the Sea’s self should heed a pebble-cast.’ ”

  "Professor, you are as hopeless as ever,” Ernest
laughed.

  "And it strikes me that the world is more so, just
now,” Burke parried. “Where is the civilization we
boasted a few short weeks ago? ‘The Age of Intellect.’
Bah! The waves pounce on the shores and wipe out a
few cities, and civilization reverts to barbarism over-
night. Threatened with destruction, humanity is brave
as a lot of frightened hares, rational as a bunch of cor-
nered rats, docile as a herd of hyenas! Civilization is
not even a thin veneer—it is but a daub of whitewash!
And when the whitewash is gone, man stands revealed
as the craven coward he has always been when unable
to dominate, when faced by the unknown. Stripped of
the last vestige of his semi-sanity, he now scurries to
the central lowlands, despite all warnings. He still fol-
lows the crowd, gregarious to the end! But the globe
is singing its swan song and in a few weeks it will all
be over—so let the fools go! And after all, why should
death on the mountains be preferable to death on the
plains? Yes, maybe the fools are right—a month or two

of life doesn’t matter when the earth itself is dying.
That damned moon! Why did it come to be, in the
first place? It has done nothing but grin at Earth since
it took its place in the sky. Looks pretty to lovers, eh?
Bah! It’s gloating over us now, and all the king’s
horses can’t efface its hellish grin.”

  Professor Burke, still raging, left the room and as-
cended to the observation room for another look at the
sinister satellite. They did not laugh at their com-
panion’s outburst—they felt he had voiced the grim
truth.

  “The Professor is right, as usual, but he’s so brutally
frank about it,” Ernest remarked as he wheeled the
lens on the moon. “Were it not so characteristic of
him, I’d say that the impending destruction is getting on
his nerves. He discovered the Great Change, you know,
and I believe he thinks the burden of correcting the
trouble lies chiefly on his shoulders. He is one of the
most pessimistic men I have ever known, but he didn’t
mean what he said about the world not being worth
saving. In fact, he is the kind of fellow that would not
hesitate to give his own life to save a friend. A most
unusual character, a bit too gloomy, but one of the great-
est astronomers and thinkers in the world. He wa8
right about the folly of trying to beat the Great Change,
and death on the plains being no worse than on the
hills.”

  "But you haven’t given up all hope,” Mildred com-
mented. “You still believe that something may happen
to save the world, don’t you?”

  ‘Yes, but I don’t let my hopes delude me. It has been
said, you know, that hope is the world’s greatest liar.
Something may occur—the moon may fly to pieces. But
the doom of humanity seems sealed. A few short weeks
will tell the story. The moon will crash into the earth,
or the icy death from the oceans will submerge all.
Another bubble in the universe will have burst, that’s
all. They must all burst sooner or later, you know.”
“The eternal, ruthless law of change,” Mildred sighed.
“I like the way it was expressed in a poem I read not
long ago:

    ‘Yes, all that is must change and pass away.

    Thus speak the falling petals of the rose.

    The sun that kisses June’s warm lips today
    Must glisten soon on bleak December’s snows.”’

  “And will you be afraid, Mildred, in the dusk of Earth’s
last day?”

  She smiled into his solicitous gray eyes and replied
with another verse of the poem:

    “ 'When evening comes and shadows round me creep,
    Why should I fear to face the common fate?

    Death at its worst is but eternal sleep,—

     Perchance it is the road to Eden’s gate!’ ”

  “The poem is a strange mixture of materialistic mel-
ancholy and hope,” Ernest commented. "Professor
Burke might have written it.”

  “No, he would have omitted the Eden part, even
though it is figurative, for he doesn’t believe in the
Genesis account. And he would have feared there’d be
an Eve in the garden.”

  "The Professor is a genuine specimen of the genus
woman-hater. But he doesn’t hate you, Mildred. Only
the other day he told me it would make his life worth
living to have a daughter like you.”

  The colloquy ended, they looked once more at the leer-
ing lesser light.

CHAPTER IX
The People of the Peaks

WHAT should have been five months had passed
since the beginning of the lunar horror. The
moon was only seventy-seven thousand miles away.
The earth was revolving in less than eight hours. Man
14

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

had lost track of time. The calendar was a mockery.

  Of the globe’s dry surface, only the mountains and
some of the higher plateaus remained, and on these
peaks and tablelands in every country were crowded
about ten million souls—the remnant of humanity.

  The civilization which man had been ten thousand
years building had vanished almost as completely as
though it had never existed. Somewhere beneath the
vastitude of heaving, ice-choked waters lay the ruins
of every great city that man had caused to be. Each
earthly metropolis had become a marine necropolis.
Each continent would soon be one with Atlantis. Nep-
tune was chortling.

  Congregant to the end, Earth’s billions had been
caught between the glacial avalanches from the poles
and the marching waters from the seven seas. They had
remained huddled on the plains until retreat was too
late—huddled for warmth as well as through unreason-
ing fear. And when the oceans, pushing their way up
the river valleys had actually reached the plains and the
ice mountains were beginning to slither down and into
the basins, they had rushed, crazed and achephalous,
for higher land. Millions who had escaped the debacle
were frozen to death or perished of exhaustion or hunger.
And countless other millions were whipped under the
flood before they could reach even the foothills.

  Of the forty million refugees at Omaha, less than three
hundred thousand reached the mountains. They had
perished like rats in a flooded sewer; like bagged cats
tossed into a creek. Denver was the gathering ground
of probably a hundred thousand of the sanest and the
fleetest.

  And those who had reached the temporary safety of
the highlands were in a plight that called to death.
Shelterless, almost foodless, hopeless, almost witless, they
surged together for mutual warmth and commiseration,
gazing alternately, piteously, at the gargoyle hideousness
of the moon and the ever-climbing seas.

  Terror and suffering had reduced the mass of the
stricken to little more than automatons. Man was no
longer a thinking creature. His instincts alone sur-
vived. He had ceased to ponder over the moon menace,
seeming to accept it as something that had always ex-
isted. He knew fear, pain and hunger as they were
known by the wild things of the field and forest. He
was mad, but it was the dumb insanity of an animal
tortured into submission. He no longer cared for his
kind. He was hungry, and he ate whatever came to
hand. He slew, with rocks and clubs the animals that
had preceded him to the mountains; devoured their raw
flesh and drank their warm blood. He munched the
foliage and the roots of trees and shrubs. He was cold,
and he sought body warmth of his kind and dug holes
in the snow and under the rocks. At first he had made
fire from spruce and pine, but so rapid was his retro-
gression that he forgot how to produce flame within
three weeks after reaching the mountains. He had
harked back to the troglodyte.

  Gone was the grip of greed and vice that had fettered
man’s soul in the early days of the Great Change. Gone,
too, was every virtue save the imperishable one of
mother love which, amid the indescribable phantasma-
goria of insanity and suffering, still sacrificed itself on
the altar of devotion, that pallid babes might live another
day.

  Gone was everything but the will to live, which is
always strongest when life is weakest, and when Erebus
claims the mind.

  Only a handful of refugees of the last exodus had
reached the higher mountains where were pitched the
camps of those who fled when the waves first began to
wreck the shores. Most of them had stopped on the
lower ranges whence further migration was soon blocked
by the rapidly ascending seas. Many of the smaller

mountain chains were now almost completely submerged,
their peaks rising out of the water like South Sea isles.
Hordes of the stricken in the City of Dementia had fled
to the nearest mountains, the Ozarks, less than a dozen
of whose summits now remained above the water. Others
had sought refuge on the loftier Appalachians, but many
of these mountains also were quickly submerged and the
waters from the Atlantic were now cutting huge gorges
through their blue fastnesses as they rushed inland to
merge with the flood from the Pacific which, balked at
first by the defiant ranges near the coast, now was
sweeping through in numerous places as a result of
corrosion and of earthquakes which had all but leveled
hundreds of snow-crowned monarchs.

  The President and his cabinet and the various ad-
ministrative departments were marooned on Mount
Mitchell. The government had long since ceased to
function, but was still keeping in communication with
the few remaining radio stations of the world, the loft-
iest observatories and the most altitudinous communi-
ties of peak-dwellers.

  In striking contrast with the surrounding mental
chaos was the status of the pioneers of the great hegira
—the small minority who had sought the highest land
when science and government first advised. Here the
mind of man was keeping its dominion, facing the in-
evitable with inordinate courage and sanity, striving to
maintain order to the last.

  These people of the peaks had quickly organized for
the work at hand, and their co-operation and foresight
had created a cliff-dwelling society of comparative com-
fort. Coming to the mountains largely in atoplanes
and bringing generous stores of concentrated food, cloth-
ing and equipment, including many atoheaters, they had
immediately set about making the most of their desperate
situation. Against the time when the glacial weather
would envelope the cliffs in a shroud of ice, they soon
abandoned their tents and other temporary dwellings
and dug deep into the mountainsides where they fash-
ioned large rooms and passageways, using atorays to
melt the solid rock. And when the tedious task was
over they had equipped their dens with atolights, ato-
heaters and radio sets. Their nourishment consisted
principally of canned goods and concentrated food.
Water was obtained from the mountain rivulets and
later, when these small streams congealed, by melting
snow and ice. As a precaution against the time when
earthquakes would threaten their dug-outs, forcing them
to flee to other peaks, they kept their atoplanes ready
for instant service, storing them in specially tunneled
“garages.”

  These arrangements, though entailing many hard-
ships, had staved off actual suffering for many weeks,
but the Great Change was not to be outdone. They
were now virtually sealed in their cells. No longer did
they dare to brave the intense cold of the high altitudes.
They crowded round their atoheaters through brief
days and brief nights, talking in hushed tones, eating
their condensed food, and sleeping much of the time like
hibernating animals. Every few hours a squad of men
armed with atorays and pickaxes, would go to the cavern
doors and cut away the ice sheets to provide ventilation,
and anon some more rugged cliff-dweller would emerge
from the warmth of the caves long enough to train a
telescope on the raging, ice-jammed waters below, or to
glimpse the bloated, bloodshot moon.

  And these people of the peaks were beginning to
notice another ominous change: the very air was van-
ishing.

CHAPTER X
The Moon Breatlis

LUNA, whose praises poets had sung adown the ages,
whose light had illumined the eyes of love since
love first came to be, had long since ceased to be a
THE MOON OF DOOM

15

tiling of beauty. More wondrously beautiful than ever
she would have appeared, however, had she been planet-
bound on a kindly mission; for beauty, too, is
relative.

  The moon was now a monstrous brazen ball, dimly
incardined, whose bulk blotted out so much of the sky
that an almost ecliptic darkness, shot through with eld-
ritch colors, veiled the world even at meridian. And
at night there seemed to be nothing but moon—and each
night the moon waxed larger, more malevolent. Another
weird effect was the frequency of eclipses on both the
earth and moon, caused by the nearness of the two bodies.

  The satellite had lost all likeness to the golden disk
that once adorned the canopy. The change was as start-
ling as complete. Its "human face” had long since dis-
appeared, and in its stead loomed a terrible topography
of gaunt mountains, yawing chasms and pock-marked
plains, all plainly discernible without the aid of the
telescope. The craters of Copernicus, Clavius and Tycho
were especially conspicuous, and from the latter ring
the strange white rays stretched uniformly in every
direction like streamers of marble expertly designed.
The long swath of the Alpine Valley was another prom-
inent feature, while the Apennines and the Carpathian
Mountains were so distinct that their jagged peaks could
be seen protruding in serrate outline from the face of
the satellite, which now appeared slightly convex.

  As its orbit narrowed, the moon’s librations had be-
come more pronounced and its north and south caps were
inclined in turn more and more toward the earth. Time
on the satellite also had been disrupted, as it were, its
periods of day and night having decreased. It had de-
creased its distance from the earth by approximately

160,000	miles since the beginning of its earthward jaunt,
and the corresponding shrinkage of its orbit had reduced
its "fortnights” of light and darkness to less than five
days each.

  Poets had always been at odds as to the color of the
moon, some singing its silvery light and others its
golden luster. But now the orb was neither argentine
nor aureate. Its general color was that of burnished
brass as seen under a red light. Its radiance was dim-
ming rapidly, and it was strange to note that the black
shadows of its mountains were becoming less .distinct.

  The change was even more remarkable as seen through
the observatory telescopes. Every feature was brought
within touching distance, it seemed, by the giant lenses.
Astronomers now saw the wrinkled countenance of the
moon almost as plainly as if they were on its very sur-
face, and its color, under the glasses, was dull gray.

  The proximity of the satellite had brought much new
knowledge of its physical characteristics. Its mountains
were shown to be more complex than had been thought,
and science now was certain that the Alpine Valley was
the result of the contact of some wandering celestial
body. Its craters appeared to be the remains or bases
of gigantic bubbles raised by volcanic gasses when the
globe was molten.

  There was no sign of life on the sphere, but evidence
that it once had been peopled was indisputable. The
discovery that received most attention was that a Gar-
gantuan gargoyle figure was carved on the side of Mount
Hadley near the strange markings which Professor
Burke had discovered. Its features were too indistinct
to provide a clear picture. As for the hieroglyphics,
science now was certain that they contained mathemat-
ical calculations.

  The bolometers showed that the moon’s temperature
was not nearly so low has had been reckoned, and that
its surface was reflecting an appreciable amount of the
sun’s heat—about one 400,000th part. Whether this
fact was occasioned by the globe’s nearness to the earth
was a matter of conjecture. During the moon’s Stygian
night, however, the temperature fell to nearly one hun-

dred and fifty degrees below zero, but this was not so
cold as science had estimated.

  Professors Sherard and Burke, in their atoheated ob-
servatory, were spending nearly every available minute
studying the satellite, and Mildred Reamer was fairly
enrapt. The three pondered long over the hieroglyph-
ics on Mount Hadley seeking a deciphering clue which,
Ernest believed, lay in the mathematical arrangements.

  “I would like to know their significance, even at this
late day in the world’s life,” he told Mildred one night.
"I believe they are records left by a dying race. And
that weird figure up there must be that of a lunar god.
I wonder why I couldn’t see it before the Great Change
occurred. It must be that its outlines are not as con-
spicuous as those of the hieroglyphics. But I could
swear now that it has two great glittering eyes. It is
strange, though, that no other signs of lunar civiliza-
tion can be detected. The Moonman must have lived in
houses of some sort and built temples to their deities.
It seems that such structures should still be in a fair
state of preservation, due to the absence of air.”

  “Well, if such ruins exist, they must be on the other
side of the moon,” Mildred said as she took her eyes
from the reflector. "And of course that’s not prob-
able, as the temperature on the other side must be in-
conceivably low. The other side of the moon! How I
should like to explore it! And something tells me that
I shall, some day. The moon has always called to me,
and now, when it is so close that it seems I could reach
up and touch it, I am tempted to stretch out my hands
and cry for it, as they tell me I did when I was a baby.
It seems to be drawing me toward it even as it is pull-
ing the tides. I wonder why.”

  "Because you are still my Moon Girl,” Ernest laughed.
And then, tenderly: "Your wish may be fulfilled, after
all. Let me tell you a secret. I am planning to set sail
for the moon when life on this globe is no longer pos-
sible, and I think the voyage can be made. Of course
you shall go with me—you and Professor Burke.”
Mildred looked at him with the open eyes of wonder.
Joyous excitement and anticipation shown in them when
she found voice:

  “Wonderful! Do you really mean it, Ernest? Tell
me how you intend to make the trip.”

  “Look into the reflector again,” he answered. "Now,
study the shadows of the Apennines closely and tell me
what you see.”

“Their edges are no longer hard and black,” she said
after a minute's observation. "They are much less dis-
tinct than they were a week ago. What does it mean?”
“It means,” Ernest replied slowly, "that there is air
on the moon—the moon is breathing at last.”

  "And how do you account for it?”

  “We have already noticed that our atmosphere is at-
tenuating. The very air is gasping for breath. In my
opinion, there is but one answer: it is being d/raum to
the moon!"

CHAPTER IX.

“Let Us Go”

IIREE days later Professor Sherard made an even
more astounding discovery.

  The moon was slowing down!

  Trigonometrical calculations showed that the sinister
satellite was now approaching the earth at a rate of
4,447 miles in twenty-four hours—nearly three hundred
less than its speed of a week before.

  Ernest Sherard immediately flashed this intelligence
to the remaining observatories and the radio stations of
the cliff people. The discovery was seconded at once by
other astronomers, including Professor Josephus Sayre
of Yerkes. “I congratulate you,” Professor Sayre’s
voice came through the air. "You have made every im-
portant discovery since Burke discovered the Great
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

         Splendor that dazzled, blinded, only to
give new sight	The sun, with its rerf

robes of flame fluttering five hundred thousand
miles in space	Tho prodigious moon it-

self	And back of all, the Erebus of

unreverberatc space.

however, its poising period will not occur until it is
within twenty-five thousand miles. It will then begin
to recede, repeating its journey of millions of years
ago.

  "And the moon will recede for the same reason as in
that remote time. The tides will again have their re-
venge.

  “The terrific force of the tides, lashed from their
beds by the moon itself, is counteracting the pull of the
earth’s atomic magnetism. And there is reason to be-
lieve that the magnetism itself is vanishing—probably
being carried into space with the earth’s atmosphere,
though it may be that this agent, which caused the
Great Change, is being naturally dissipated. Recent
findings indicate that the magnetism is less potent on
water than on land. If this is true, it is likely that
it will entirely disappear after all the earth is under
the seas.

  “When the moon has attained a proximity of about
twenty-five thousand miles, another glacial age will
have truly come upon the earth. Though our globe may
become a ball of ice like the distant planets Neptune
and Uranus, it is possible that the fury of the tides will
prevent the waters congealing as a whole. However,
there will be icebergs rivaling Mount Everest in size.
Moreover, the sorely perplexed planet will be all but split
asunder by centrifugal force which is already manifest-
ing itself in cataclysmic earthquakes. But the world
will survive because of its density. Were it a molten
mass as in the days when it gave birth to the moon, it

Change itself. But I am on the trail of something big
myself. What’s the matter with the shadows on the
moon?”

  The next day Professor Sherard broadcast his last
words to the world. It was the message of the last
hope, a call for migration to the moon.

  "Let every atoliner and atoplane be made ready im-
mediately and all of the open machines hulled in to
withstand the cold of space,” he urged. “The moon
offers the only refuge if any of earth’s inhabitants are
to survive.”

  “The moon is only sixty-six thousand miles way,”
he continued. "Within a normal week it will be not
less than fifty thousand, despite its retarded progress.
Then its tides will leap higher than our loftiest peaks,
many of which will be destroyed by earthquake or un-
dermined by the flood.

  "During the past two normal weeks the earth has
lost approximately one-eighth of its atmosphere. Un-
accountably, the air is being drawn to the moon. Within
two more weeks the satellite should have enough air to
support human life.

  “The moon has slowed down about three hundred
miles a day. Its speed will diminish steadily until it
comes to a full stop, poised in space. In all probability,
THE MOON OF DOOM

17

is likely that it would provide its offspring a sister sat-
ellite.

  "Whether the moon will recede as fast as it approached
the earth is a matter of conjecture. Science popularly
holds that the sphere left the earth very hesitantly, and
that it took the tides countless millions of years to drive
it the distance it had attained prior to the Great Change.
But there is another theory which has been gaining
ground, and upon the truth of which depends the possi-
bility of any of earth’s inhabitants returning in event
they reach the moon. This is the Bartonian theory,
advanced two decades ago. It holds that the moon, when
it first left the earth, hurried away at a rate of sev-
eral thousand miles a day, its speed gradually diminish-
ing as the tidal reaction lessened until, when it had gone
about 150,000 miles, its own gravitation almost counter-
balanced the recalcitrant tides, and that it then all but
paused, its further recession being a matter of millions
of years. Barton also believed that the moon then
had a good atmosphere, losing it by imperceptible de-
grees as it receded.

  "I have never been an exponent of this theory, but
let us hope it is true, after all. With the moon 150,000
miles away, life on the earth would be possible, and
perhaps the earth people who succeeded in reaching the
satellite could then return. But if the accepted version
of the moon’s history is correct, return would be im-
possible for the reason that the earth would continue its
breakneck rotation and be hidden under a gelid sea for
millions of years.

  '“There is every reason to'believe that the moon will
soon be habitable. The presence of air has been estab-
lished beyond doubt, and more of our atmosphere will
accrue to it as it advances. Its climate is becoming
warmer each day as a result of its atmosphere retaining
more and more of the sun’s heat. Immense variations
of temperature are to be expected, however, due to its
long periods of light and darkness, but the extremes
will not be so pronounced as formerly, as its days and
nights have shortened in keeping with the narrowing of
its orbit.

  “I am confident that our atoplanes will have little
difficulty in reaching the moon, but they will not be
able to attain anything like their earthly speed, due
to the thinness of the intervening air. It would be
foolhardy, of course, to attempt the flight in other than
hulled planes, and these machines must be supplied
with an abundance of atoheat. We cannot hope to find
food on the moon, and the absence of water must be
anticipated, though it is very probable that the satellite
will have clouds and rain when its atmosphere becomes
denser. Also, a supply of oxygen should be provided
for an emergency, and it would be well for each ship to
carry a small radio set.

  “Let each plane store as much condensed food and
as much water as possible, and each passenger pro-
vided the heaviest clothing available. It might also be
well to carry along the seeds of some of our hardiest
food plants.

  “The moon voyage offers the only hope, slight though
it is, and should be attempted as early as possible. It
is not certain, of course, that a single Earthian is de-
stined to land on the satellite and that, even though the
trip is made, all will not perish up there. But it were
better to die in a last desperate attempt than to help-
lessly await extinction on this planet.

  "We will defy the Great Change at its worst. Let us
BO.”

             CHAPTER XII
             Man’s Last Stand

THE radio carried Professor Sherard’s words to less
than seventy-five thousand people, though it flashed
to nearly every ear on the globe. Of Terra’s in-
habitants, all had perished with the exception of the

people on the peaks and a handful in the observatories.

  Of the hundreds of thousands of hapless souls who
had been stranded on the lower mountains after linger-
ing too long on the plains, not a trace remained. Even
the city of Denver was no more.

  And merciful were the tides that swept the last of
them away—more merciful than the pitiless cold that
killed slowly and terribly, more compassionate than the
dumb terror that blotted out their minds, more exorable
than the heartless hunger that caused them, in the last
days of their horrible travail, to kill and devour their
own kind.

  Bereft of the last trace of sanity and soul, rendered
atavistic below the level of the abysmal brute, these
veriest victims of the Great Change had all but vanished
ere the waters gulped them down. By the tens of thou-
sands they had been felled by cold and hunger. And
it was in the last days that man, always a carnivore, had
reverted to cannibalism—but man was less than man in
that dark time. Creatures that crawl around on all
fours and jabber and yowl are not human; neither does
man rend with tooth and claw and see through red-green
eyes.

  And at the close, when the fiendish, fulsome moon was
almost upon them and the diabolic tides lashed at them
from below, the remnant of these penultimate survivors
were as wolves gone mad. Quadrupedal and truly lupine
they were, howling their hellish ululations at the heavens
until the merciful seas climbed up and drowned their
lamentations.

  Many of the more fortunate cliff-dwellers had wit-
nessed, through their telescopes, the frightful transition
from man to beast enacted on the sea-encircled hills be-
low, but the death-cold that kept them in their caverns
toward the last mercifully prevented their viewing the
foul finale. The wails of the human ghouls had, how-
ever, ascended to their habitations above the raving
of the tides and winds, splitting their ears like blas-
phemies from the Pit itself.

  Hundreds of the peak people themselves had suc-
cumbed to the intense cold which, entering their re-
treats through the ventilation openings, defied their ato-
heat. It had been necessary to enlarge the ice-cluttered
entrances as the air rarefied. And then, when numbness
chained them *down, the ice had all but sealed them in
their cells. The majority had survived, however, their
number being about sixty-five thousand. The other ten
thousand survivors were astronomers and co-scientists
who had successfully combated with an abundance of ato-
heat the cold that stormed their observatories, and ref-
ugees who had been given asylum there in the early
days of the Great Change.

  The cliff folk, on receipt of Professor Sherard’s last
message, lost no time in preparing for the lunar flight.
Most of their atoplanes and their few giant atoliners
had been kept in readiness in their mountain tunnels,
but most of the smaller machines had to be hulled and
all had to be equipped with powerful atoheating ap-
paratus.

  These arrangements completed, the problem of storing
every available inch of tonnage with condensed food,
warm clothing, blankets and the like was taken up.
The food of some of the refugees had run low, and the
manner in which the more fortunate divided their rations
and other worldly goods with the needy was indeed an
eloquent commentary on the spirit of universal brother-
hood that was dawning when the Great Change came.

  And men found room in many a nook and corner of
their moonbound cargoes to cache the precious trinkets
of femininity, and to heed the pleading voice of child-
hood : “Daddy, please put my dolly in there.”

  But the supreme test did not come until the planes
were ready for the hop-off.

What with the refugees who had made their way to
the peaks without the aid of atoplanes, and the necessity
18

AiMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

of packing the machines with indispensables, there were
not enough planes to accommodate all the survivors, de-
spite the depletion of their ranks.

   It was then that man was man, completely severing the
ties that bound him to the Silurian slime and proving
his kinship to the stars.

   It was then that young and old, weak and strong, and
all whose passing would be a loss only to themselves,
volunteered to stay behind and laugh at death, that
husband and wife, brother and sister and all of kindred
ties might live another day.

  And the sacrifice was made without hope of reward—
was made in the rugged Rockies, the epic Alps, the de-
fiant Himalayas, the majestic Andes, and on every other
crest of the world where man had found temporary sanc-
tuary.

   Then came the wait for the hour they could dare risk
the airpath between the earth and moon. And unless
the hour was soon their preparations would be in vain,
for monstrous seas already were churning high around
the peaks and icebergs almost as vast as the mountains
themselves were wallowing in the deeps. Earthquakes
were increasing in intensity and frequency until the
great hUls groaned in a dolorous accompaniment to
Terra’s torturous whirl.

   And the flotsam and jetsam that rode that great del-
uge was the wreckage of a world, the debris of a civili-
zation whose proud homes and temples had crashed like
eggshells when the seas first smashed.

CHAPTER XIII

Goodbye, World

44 T ET’S be the first to attempt the journey,” Mil-
I dred Reamer had suggested to Ernest Sherard
immediately he had broadcast his final message.
‘'We’ll call your plane The Pioneer. ‘The First Man and
Maid on the Moon’—wouldn’t that be romantic!”

  “Yes,” Ernest had agreed, "but wouldn’t ‘The Last
Man and Maid on Earth’ be just as thrilling? However,
I had decided we shall be the first, if possible. I shall
tell Professor Burke of our plans.”

  Earth’s atmosphere thinned steadily, the shadows on
the moon became less and less distinct, and at last Er-
nest decided that the airpath was strong enough. Came
the hour they were ready to depart. Their atoplane,
perched on a landing under the observatory dome, awaited
only the starting of the motors and the opening of the
electrically operated doors of the dome.

   No fear gripped the hearts of the trio who were about
to embark on the most hazardous adventure ever under-
taken. Ernest Sherard, though strangely preoccupied,
was as calm as though he were only preparing to pilot
the plane to Los Angeles or Seattle as in the old days.
Mildred Reamer was enthusiastic, almost impatient.
Professor Burke seemed utterly indifferent, except as to
the question of whether the plane would have comfort-
able sleeping quarters. An undercurrent of emotion
swayed Ernest and Mildred, it was true, but they would
have been more or less than human had they failed to
react in some degree to the seriousness of the occasion,
the most momentous of their lives. They were preparing
to dare the very heavens, to take the chance of chances.
Born of the planet Earth, they were as truly a part of
it as the hills and the seas, and their love for it was
stronger thi'n they had realized. Somewhere in their
inner minds throbbed the thought that they were com-
mitting a sacrilege in not resigning themselves to the
common fate. Reminiscent they were in their last hour
on the globe, but the thought of the perils they were
about to face exhilarated rather than depressed them.
iThe Unknown lured rather than repelled. They were
[unafraid.

JSuch sentiment stirred Ernest as he stood at the ob-

servatory window and looked down at the warring waters
and the bobbing icebergs, and then up at the turgid
moon.

  “We are like emigrants about to embark for a far
and strange land, except that the emigrant is reason-
ably certain he can return to his native shore some
day,” he said to Mildred. “His own country always
seems fairest to him in the parting hour, and he be-
comes conscious of a desire to remain, even though re-
maining means oppression. To stay on this planet an-
other week would mean certain death, and yet I am
loath to go—not because I’m afraid, but because the
planet’s hold on me seems strongest in its darkest hour.
But go we must, and I’m glad that the next hour will
see the journey started.”

  “And I, too, would like to remain were there the
slightest chance of our surviving,” Mildred mused. “The
earth is more beautiful to me now than ever before.
Nature has always made her strongest appeal to me
when in her most violent moods. I have always loved
a storm at sea. And now, when the whole earth is a
raging ocean, its terrible grandeur seems to bid me stay
and become a part of the eerie madness. But the call
of the moon is stronger. My dream is about to come
true, and I am eager to begin the great adventure. I’m
sure we shall succeed. How long will it take us to get
there?”

  “Probably not more than seventy hours,” Ernest in-
formed her. “The moon is now about fifty-eight thou-
sand miles away. The maximum speed of our plane is
two thousand miles an hour, but due to the thinness of
the intervening air it will hardly be able to do better
than eight hundred miles. Professor Burke and I shall
have to swap turns as pilot, so each of us can get some
sleep, for when the moon’s attraction becomes greater
than the earth’s, our plane will begin to descend instead
of climb, and a steady hand must be at the wheel to glide
it to the moon. By starting now, I believe we will reach
the sphere during its day period, and that would be a
great advantage in making a successful landing.”

  “And shall we have to remain cooped in the plane
during the long lunar nights?" Mildred asked.

  “Yes, for a little while at least,” Ernest answered. “It
is likely that within a few days the moon will have enough
atmosphere to retain a goodly part of the sun’s heat dur-
ing its nights, but at first we’ll have to stay in our ship
with our atoheat at maximum and our ventilation at
minimum. It is probable we shall have to resort to our
oxygen tanks for the first two or three days.”

  “Those long lunar nights will fit in to perfection,”
put in Professor Burke, who had just entered the room.
“Maybe PH be able to make up for some of the sleep
I’ve been missing for several months. I’m almost sorry
the moon’s nights aren’t as long as they used to be.”

  “Are you ready for the hop-off, Professor?” Ernest
queried.

  “Well, I suppose one time is just as good as another
—and better,” he returned gloomily. “The moon can
be no worse than this old world, and I shall shed no
maudlin tears on leaving. Life here is but moonshine,
anyway, and the moon can have no moonshine. I was
beginning to hope, however, that you would forget and
leave me behind, and that, if the blamed old tail-light you
call the moon does not stop, it would crash into the earth
with such a bang that it would sink all the way to hell,
w-here it belongs.

  “What’s in that package under your arm, Professor-^
your copy of Schopenhauer?" Mildred asked, hiding a
smile.

  “Yes—some books and a goodly supply of tobacco and
other seeds,” he replied between puffs on his inevitable
pipe. “I’ll wager I’ll be the first Earthian with fore-
sight in the premises, and before long they’ll be coming
to me on their knees to get the weed—that is, if we really
THE MOON OF DOOM

19

reach the moon, and there’s rain on it, and tobacco will
grow up there—and if I don’t misplace the darned seed.
Remind me of it when we reach the moon, will you?”

  "Are you sure you've put everything we need in the
plane?” Mildred asked, turning to Ernest.

  “Except one of the most important things of all—a
telescope. I think we can make room for the small glass
1 used when my observatory was in your mother’s attic
—the one you used to call the ‘big gun.’ I’ll get it now.”

  Ten minutes later they were ready to go. The big
doors of the observatory were widely ajar, letting in a
rush of deadly air. Ernest started the puissant motors.
They were off.

  “Goodbye, dear world!” cried Mildred.

  “Farewell, mean macrocosm!” grunted Professor
Burke.

CHAPTER XIV

The Aerial Argosy

N—on—on to meet the moon.

  It was early morning when Ernest Sherard and
his companions left Earth—sunrise, with darkness
less than six hours off.

  Mildred and Professor Burke, seated in the rear of
the atoplane, were afforded a wonderful view of the
world they were leaving. Ernest, piloting, could see
none of it.

  Looking through the small observation window, Mil-
dred and her quaint companion saw Mie earth apparently
retreating from their ship. This sensation of standing
still while ascending was not new to them, however.

  At a distance of twenty miles the illusion of the
planet’s concavity was perfect. The globe seemed more
like a saucer than a bowl—an immeasurable saucer that
held a swirling mass, for the movement of the waters
was still discernable. Here and there loomed the white
tops of mountains and icebergs, the latter distinguish-
able by their motion and brilliancy. Flashing the primal
colors like Titanic, many-faceted diamonds, their radi-
ance leaped high into the heavens like rainbows straight-
ened on the knees of a god, and between the shifting,
dazzling shafts could be seen, far below, the dark green
background of the rolling seas. Mildred was enrapt,
and through the speaking tube shouted a partial de-
scription to Ernest. Professor Burke gave the spectacle
little notice. “I thought it would look like that,” was
his callous remark.

  With one hundred miles behind them, the earth seemed
flat and darker. The play of the sunlight on the ice-
bergs was only dimly visible, but scarcely less beautiful
in its subdued witchery of commingled tints.

  It was at this point of the voyage that Ernest Sherard
gave a shout of exultation. “I was right!” he cried.
"We are a hundred miles from Earth and the air is as
dense as when we started. The moon is ours!”

  Professor Burke did not hear Ernest’s rejoicing. The
discoverer of the Great Change was fast asleep.

  Ernest’s calculation as to the retarded speed of the
plane proved nearly correct. With the motors going
full speed, the speedometer showed almost eight hundred
miles an hour.

  Mildred watched the vanishing, dwindling planet”as
long as there was a ray of light. At a distance of
twenty-five hundred miles, Terra was seen in its natural
convexity, and loomed as a huge expanse of opal and
sapphire. And half an hour later, in the red glory of
the sunset, it was like a jewel in the ring of Cosmos, an
indescribably beautiful fusion of topaz and bloodstone.

  Then came the purple night and the planet Earth was
swathed in darkness save for the faintly reflected light
of the moon which revealed it as a disk of shimmering
green and tarnished gold whose colossal bulk, like a
dimly phosphorescent sea suspended in space, all but
filled the picture below.

  While Mildred was drinking in the beauty of the
scene, Ernest called to her.

  “Move forward and look at the stars,” he said. “You
can’t see them well back there.”

  Looking over his shoulder, through the glass shield,
the girl beheld a panorama of celestial splendor that
entranced her, held her spellbound in silent ecstacy.
Directly before her lay the great face of the burnished
moon, its pock-marked countenance more vivid than she
had ever seen it with unaided vision. And on either
side, and above and below, stretched a wilderness of
dazzling points of light against a Stygian background.

  “The stars!” she cried at last. “I had no idea they
would be so brilliant. I thought the air which surrounds
us would dim them, as on Earth.”

  “And so did I until a little while ago,” Ernest said.
“Can’t you guess what their radiance signifies?”

  “I don’t believe I can,” she replied after a minute’s
pondering. “Please tell me.”

  “It means that we are only a short distance from the
ether of space—that the air path is attenuated toward
the center, as if it were traveling through a tapering
funnel as big as the earth at one end and as the moon at
the other. The narrowest part will be much nearer the
moon than the earth, of course, because the moon is the
smaller body. Whether this means that the air is
denser or thinner as the tapering proceeds remains to
be seen, but I believe it will be thicker and that our
speed will increase until we have passed the ‘neck.’ We
are now making eight hundred miles an hour.”

  “And what if we should jut out of the unseen path
as it contracts?” Mildred asked anxiously.

  “It would be the end of our adventure. Our ship
might fall back into the air, but there would be little
time to right it, and it would fall back to Earth like
a plummet. I’m afraid that that will be the fate of
many who come after us—those who will not know
that the brilliance of the stars portends danger ahead.
That is why I am pointing The Pioneer directly at the
center of the moon.

  “When is Professor Burke to take the wheel?”

  “As soon as he wakes. I want to be in charge when
we reach the danger zone, and I must try to get some
sleep in the meantime. He’s still asleep, I suppose.”
“He’s snoring. He has missed nearly all of the beauty
—said he knew there would be billboards to mar the
‘scenery’ if he cared to look.”

  They resumed their star-gazing, their moon-musing.
“Look at Mars!” Mildred cried as she espied the red
planet far out in space. “It looks like a small moon
itself!”

  “Yes, and the planets will appear much larger as we
near the walls of ether. It will be a spectacle to thrill
even Professor Burke—if he wakes in time.”

  “The Professor is an enigma even to himself, I think,”
Mildred remarked. “How can one sleep in a time like
this? I was never so awake, so alive. I feel that I shall
not be able to sleep until the moon is ours. I shall
stay awake until the next darkness, at least.”

  “There won’t be so much darkness after a while,”
Ernest reminded. “The night that surrounds us now
is caused by the shadow of the earth, and we will soon
be so far out in space that the shadow will no longer
cross our path except when the planet is directly between
us and the sun.”

  “And we will then see the shadow as a lunar eclipse!”
Mildred rejoiced. “Our voyage is so wonderful that I’m
almost sorry it must end. Look at Orion out there!
It seems I can almost count the stars in its configura-
tion.”

  They journeyed on, the hum of the motors becoming
louder each hour, telling them that the air was becoming
stronger. And to Mildred, the song of the motors
seemed to be:
20

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

         "We were the first that ever burst
             Into that silent sea.”

CHAPTER XV

Journey’s End

THE journey was more than half over. The moon
was only twenty-five thousand miles away. Pro-
fessor Burke had roused from his slumbers long
enough to act as pilot for eight hours, and had then
resumed his nap. Mildred had retired to her cabin for
her first sleep 6ince leaving Earth. Ernest Sherard,
certain that they were nearing the point of greatest
danger, was pointing The Pioneer directly at the small
crater of Reaumur, a central cavity on the satellite’s
pitted face. He was to call Mildred when they neared
the narrowest part of the unseen road, the boundaries
of which would be only a few miles away, so that she
might see the stars and planets at their brightest, and
the glory of the sun’s corona.

  Professor Burke had failed to show any mark of
feeling while viewing the stars from the cockpit, but
had he been lifted to the seventh heaven of ecstacy,
he would not have admitted it. He regarded a display
of the emotions—the militant urge excepted—as an adver-
tisement of tempermental instability, just as he con-
sidered it a sign of mental weakness to fully agree with
anyone. He conceded, however, that the panorama was
of transcendent beauty, but contended that he couldn’t
see anything wonderful about it. “We expected it to
look like that, you know,” he told Mildred. “We know
the cause, and it would be wonderful only if the cause
failed to produce the effect.”

  When Ernest resumed command the plane was making
a thousand miles an hour. Within three hours the indi-
cator was pushing fourteen hundred. It was then Ernest
called to Mildred.

  “We are nearing the crucial stage,” he informed. “The
air is nearly as dense as it used to be on Earth, and I
believe it will be even denser at the narrowest point, in
which event our ship will exceed any speed it has ever
attained.”

  “How far are we from the moon?”

  “Hardly more than twenty-four thousand miles.
Twenty-four more hours should see our journey ended,
as I believe we will average about a thousand miles an
hour the rest of the way. We will probably average
twenty-five hundred when we are in the ‘neck’ of the
air, and more than a thousand for several more hours.
And then, when the air is again so rarefied that our
speed is materially diminished, we will probably have
reached a point where the moon's attraction is greater
than the earth's. This will necessitate retarding our
plane—like applying the brakes of an automobile in
going down hill. We will then have to spiral down to the
moon.”

  “Why, that means we must spiral for thousands of
miles, does it not?”

  “Yes, eight or nine thousand, I should say. I calcu-
late we will be that close to the moon when the gravita-
tional change occurs. Luna, we must remember, also
has been advancing to meet us, though her speed has been
reduced greatly since we left Earth. The two spheres
then were separated by approximately fifty-eight thou-
sand miles. We have come not more than twenty-nine
thousand, but the moon, despite its slowing down, has
advanced about five thousand during that time. This
brings us within twenty-four thousand miles, and the
next hour or so should find us entering the belt of
thickest air.”

  “I think we must be entering it now," Mildred said.
“The planets are almost as bright as small suns, and I’m
certain I can see a faint glow of the solar corona. I am
going back to look at the earth again, and I’ll wake

Professor Burke so we may see the flaming sun together.
I suppose he’ll growl at being roused, but I’ve heard him
say many times that he would like to be where he could
see the corona without waiting for an eclipse. I have
no hope that the spectacle will come up to his expecta-
tions, however. He’s certain to find something wrong
with it.”

  It was neither night nor day twenty-four thousand
miles out in space. A ghostly twilight unlike any the
Earthians had ever seen filled the airpath—a twilight
that hinted of green. Mildred had first noticed the
strange dusk several thousand miles back and had called
Ernest’s attention to it, and he had told her that she
would probably discover the cause the next time she
looked through the rear observation window.

  One glance through the glass solved the mystery for
Mildred. “Eureka!” she exclaimed, her voice exulting
through the speaking tube. “It’s the earthlight, Ernest.
Our world is now a great ball of shimmering green. Its
radiance seems phosphorescent. All of the globe is vis-
ible, but I think I see the shadow of night beginning to
encroach on one side of it—the eastern side, I was
about to say, but I’ve lost all sense of direction up here.
If the earth were not covered with ice and water I’m
sure I could see the continents in bas-relief. I wish you
could see it, Ernest. It is more beautiful than I ever
dreamed it could be.”

  “Well, that confirms the popular scientific theory as
to the planetary color of Terra,” Ernest responded.
“Personally, however, I believed its luminosity, viewed
from afar, could have been blue as well as green. Pro-
fessor Burke always insisted Earth was a yellow planet.
I wonder what he’ll say about it now.”

  “He has already said it,” Mildred laughed. “I found
him earth-gazing when I came to wake him, and hia
only remark was that he had just made the astounding
discovery that the earth, not the moon, was made of
green cheese.”

  “Yes, and I still contend it’s yellow, if viewed from
a sufficient distance,” Burke’s voice triumphed behind
them. “Disprove that if you can. And I also claim
that pretty moon of yours is likely to turn on its axis
before long, though I don’t think Ernest has mentioned
that phase of the situation.”

  Mildred continued to watch the globe until the black
fringe had climbed over its edge and blotted out a fourth
of it. It was then that she saw for the first time, a
gibbous Earth. So rapidly was the planet revolving she
could see the movement of the shadow across its face.
She told Ernest of this, and the young lunarian’s guess
was that the world was revolving in slightly less than
five hours.

  “And it’s certain the waves have conquered everything
but the highest peaks,” he added. “I wonder if there is
a spark of life left. The temperature must be almost
as low as up here. Let us hope that every atoplane has
already left the planet. Some of them may be only a few
thousand miles behind us.”

  “How cold is it outside?” Mildred asked.

  “About ninety below zero. The propeller blades are
glazed with two inches of ice. It was a hundred below
a few minutes ago, and the rise is proof that the air is
getting much denser. Our ship is now making the un-
precedented speed of twenty-three hundred miles an
hour, and I guess this means we are near the outer
nothingness. Come and look at the sun now, Mildred,
and bring the Professor with you.”

  The next hour was, to them, the climax of eternity
itself, the one hour into which was crowded all the
beauty and splendor spun of creation’s warp and woof
. . . The pristine glory of the universe resplendent in an
infinitude of ether . . . Beauty inconceivable, ineffable
. . . Beauty so exquisite that it sang of pain . . . Beauty
that subdued, demanding silence . . . Celestial splendor
THE MOON OF DOOM

21

not meant for mortal eyes . . . Splendor that dazzled,
blinded, only to give new sight . . . The sun with
its red robes of flame fluttering five hundred thou-
sand miles in space . . . The swing of Pleiades . . .
Orion’s neluHous lustre . . . Saturn, ringed and many-
mooned . . . Blue Venus, fairest daughter of the sun . . .
Bed Mars, big as a bloody moon . .. The prodigious moon
itself . . . And back of all, the Erebus of unreverberate
space.

  After many minutes, Ernest’s voice broke the preg-
nant silence.

  "It’s a pity we won’t be able to see this sublimity from
the moon,” he said. “It’s newly acquired atmosphere
will dim the stars and hide the corona. We may be
seeing their real glory for the last time, for the air
path is already widening. And by the way—we’d better
prepare for the gravitational change. We’ll feel as
light as birds when we come under the moon’s influence.”

  Two hours later they were beyond the narrow pale,
the gorgeous extravaganza of the heavens fading behind
them. Their aerial argosy's speed had diminished to
seventeen hundred miles an hour. Before them, less
than twenty thousand miles, lay the mystic mountains of
the moon.

  It was full daylight 011 Luna, but the brightness was
steadily giving way to a monochrome of gray. This
seeming paradox, Ernest explained, was due to the moon’s
borrowed brilliance disappearing as its natural dullness
hove into view.

  The mountains were only faintly discernible in the
gray blur, and the craters had vanished entirely. Er-
nest foresaw little danger on this score, however, as
the airpath was now several hundred miles wide, per-
mitting greater latitude in guiding the plane. The
crater of Reaumur and other moonmarks would re-
appear, he knew, when near enough to be distinguished
without the aid of the lost light.

  As they were studying the lunar dimness, another
transition occurred. A sable circle began to edge its
way over the great ashen ball, turning it into a globe of
ebony. It was the shadow of Terra. They had seen
many eclipses since the Great Change, but none so spec-
tacular, so bizarre as this. They watched it until the
moon was entirely darkened, and then until the black-
ness moved on into space, leaving Luna to her weird,
wan sombreness.

  Came the hour when the pull of the moon was stronger
than that of the earth. The physical effects of the change
were not so marked as they had anticipated. They first
became aware that they were descending instead of
climbing when they were about nine thousand miles from
their destination and the earth was some forty-five
thousand miles above them. In a little while The Pioneer
was descending in vast, but ever-narrowing circles.

  And then, with only three thousand miles to go, they
could see the mountain ranges in bold relief, while the
craters appeared as shell-holes on some ancient battle-
field of Earth. The moon was now the color of gray
weathered sandstone.

  Down they went until the darkest parts of the satel-
lite assumed the color of slate. The gliding process was
becoming complicated because of the moon’s weak tug,
and Ernest had to keep the motors in operation most
of the time. Down, until they were below the level of
the higher peaks. Down, until the crevices and craters
yawned in their very faces.

  Amid a cloud of lunar dust, they landed on a level
stretch about a mile from Reaumur.

CHAPTER XVI
The Pit of Reaumur

THEIR epochal journey ended, there remained the
possibility that it had been made in vain.

The Pioneer's altimeter told them that the moon’s

atmosphere was as dense as that which they had left on
Earth, and the thermometer revealed that the tempera-
ture was twenty degrees above zero, but whether or not
the long lunar nights would bring the cold of death was
a question that the darkness only could answer.

  Accomplishers of the most perilous feat mortals ever
attempted, they felt the surge of fear now that the
voyage was over—the fear of the unknown that was the
heritage of life itself. The stretch of moonland around
them, grotesque and uninviting, seemed to whisper mys-
teries dark as the Apennines that loomed on the far
horizon. Reason told them there was nothing to fear,
but imagination hinted of forces subtle and sinister.
They found it difficult to believe they were actually on
the moon. The Great Change, the flight through space
and the very moon itself now seemed a fantastic dream.

  Not a word was uttered for several minutes. Pro-
fessor Burke’s piping voice was the first to pierce the
lunar silence.

  “Let’s get out of here,” he suggested. “I feel as though
I had been living in one of those ancient New York
apartment houses. I want to see what is inside that
small crater over there.”

  “And who shall be the first Earthian to set foot on
the moon?” Ernest queried. "If the Professor doesn’t
care, I move that Mildred be given that honor.”

  “Sure,” Burke acquiesced. “I’d probably decline the
distinction even if Mildred were not here, for it strikes
me that one time to turn the trick is just as good as
another, if not better, in view of the fact that the world
will never know of it.”

  "But that’s not fair,” Mildred objected. “Ernest has
given nearly his whole life to lunar study and it was
his knowledge and initiative that brought us here. I
insist that he have the honor.”

  As a compromise, she and Ernest stepped from the
plane together, touching the soil simultaneously.

  ‘“The First Man and Maid on the Moon!”’ Mildred
jubilated. “My dream has come true at last!”

  "At last,” Ernest echoed. “It was my dream, too,
you know.”

  “And I wonder if we aren't dreaming still,” Mildred
marvelled. “I feel almost ethereal since I stepped from
the plane. It seems I could really fly if I tried. Of
course I know why, and it means we must learn to walk
anew. We are no more than moon babies now.”

  “Yes,” Ernest said, “we must learn all over. The
moon’s gravity is only one-sixth that of the earth, and
we’ll be almost helpless at first. We didn’t feel the
change so much before we landed, because the ship was
in motion. ‘Moon babies’ is right. Suppose we start
now. Hold my hand and we’ll venture a short step—just
a few inches. Here we go!”

  Despite their caution, their first stride carried them
two yards and they would have fallen head-first but for
the feebleness of the moon’s pull which enabled them
to regain their equilibrium.

  Their next attempt proved more successful, though it
was more a leap than a step. Their third effort was
even more encouraging and they were certain they could
soon adjust their locomotion to lunar requirements.

  "Wait, there, I’ll show you how to ambulate on this
deceptive surface!”

  Professor Burke had stepped from the plane. They
turned to see him crouched for a leap.

  “Say, what are you going to do?” Ernest called.

  “I’m going to jump to that small crater over there.
That’s the way to travel here. A healthy jump will carry
me at least seven yards.”

  “Look out!”

  The warning came too late. The pudgy professor
was already in the air. His leap carried him fully ten
feet high and he turned a complete somersault in mid-
22

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

air and fell in a heap twenty feet from its starting
point, half buried in the powdery soil.

  “First mistake I’ve made this year,” he said dryly,
getting up and shaking the dust from his clothes. “My
reckoning didn’t include such an ascension. You must
admit, however, that the first half of my jump was a
great success."

  In a few minutes he had partly mastered the short-
step gait his companions were employing and was amb-
ling toward the crater some fifty yards away. The pit
was no more than a shell-hole, with walls about four feet
high.

  Ernest and Mildred awaited his return. They saw
him reach the cavity after a hard struggle, peer into it
and shake his head negatively.

  “Well, what was inside?” Ernest asked upon his return.

  “Just as I thought—nothing but the inside, and not
much of that.”

  “That crater is no more than a stump-hole compared
with some of the moon’s pockmarks,” Ernest reminded.
“I imagine that Reaumur, over yonder, will prove a more
fruitful object of study. It’s only a mile, so I suggest
we walk over and investigate.”

  “Why walk?” Professor Burke asked sharply. “The
plane would get us there in a jiffy.”

  “Yes, but I think the walk will do us good. We need
some exercise after our long confinement.”

  “Well, suit yourselves. I’ll stay here till you return.
I want to examine this soil and see if it will grow
tobacco. The stuff looks as if it contains silver.”

  Ernest sm'iled. “I think the Professor sadly mistrusts
his underpinning,” he whispered to Mildred as they be-
gan their hike.

  But the lunar soil was indeed a substance worthy of
scientific study. It was like no soil they had known on
Earth. The color of salt and even more finely grained,
it seemed to be a mixture of disintegrated rock, pul-
verized marble and silica. It glittered in the sunlight,
and gave under foot like dry snow.

  Its latter quality, hinting of quicksand, tended to abet
the effect of the moon’s puny gravitation, and Ernest
and Mildred soon learned that walking was a more com-
plicated matter than their first brief efforts had indicated.
They found it necessary to hold hands most of the way,
and their tedious journey consumed the better part of
an hour.

  But the reward was worth the effort. Upon nearing
the ramparts of Reaumur, which rose about four hundred
feet, they made the first surprising discovery of their
lunar exploration.

  The mysterious white rays they had seen through the
telescope were explained!

  Leading into the pit of Reaumur from every direction
like spokes into a hub, the rays were nothing less than
deep ditches, waterways dug by the Moonmen of long
ago. Their purpose was obvious; they had been made
to hoard the rainfall of a drying world by carrying it
into the natural reservoirs of the craters through small
openings bored through the walls. The greater length
of the channels was covered with the strange sand, but
enough was visible, at the base of Reaumur’s ramparts,
to tell their history. And when Ernest, using his hands
as a shovel, removed some of the sand from the bottom
of one of the ditches at a point some distance from the
crater, he learned why the trenches around the larger
pits had appeared white through the telescope. The
lower walls and bottoms were lined with a material that
resembled highly polished marble!

  The openings in the sides of the crater were too small,
and the ramparts too high, to permit exploration of the
interior.

  “Probably every sizable crater tells the same story—
the story of a dying race,” Ernest remarked as he and
Mildred turned to go. There was a touch of sadness in

his voice. “It must have taken the Moonmen many
years—centuries, perhaps—to convert the craters into
cisterns. The Martians, science believes, once engaged
in a similar work—digging canals.”

  “But why is it,” Mildred asked, “that the channels of
the principal craters are white for miles while those of
Reaumur are almost hidden by sand?”

  “The only supposition is that the craters of Tycho,
Copernicus and Kepler, whose rays are most pronounced,
are in regions comparatively free of this substance we
have called sand. This must be particularly true of
Kepler, which is located on one of the dark plains which
the early astronomers called seas. I believe we will
learn much more when we visit the larger pits where
the waterways through the walls may be large enough
for us to go through and view the interior. Reaumur is
one of the minor craters—not more than ten miles in
diameter.”

  “Which region do you intend to explore first?”

  “You should have guessed that—Mount Hadley, of
course. It is possible that we can decipher the hiero-
glyphics and learn more than we could by years of
exploration.”

  Beginning their trek back to the plane, they saw Pro-
fessor Burke, a pygmy in the distance, walking in a
narrow circle and flapping his arms for balance, like
a penguin.

  “The Professor will probably tell us that he has reached
the astounding conclusion that snowshoes would facili-
tate our peripatetic progress,” Ernest predicated.

  “And I’ll agree with him,” Mildred laughed.

  But the Professor’s greeting contained not a perambu-
latory word.

  “I have discovered that this sand is exactly the color
of dirty salt,” he said, “and I don’t believe it would grow
even cactus.”

CHAPTER XVII

Mount Hadley

660HALL we start now, or get some sleep first?”
Ernest asked i^ter telling Professor Burke of his
plan to visit Mount Hadley. “As for me, I pro-
pose some food and then a little slumber.”

  “And as for me, I refuse to budge until you have slept
a while,” Mildred declared. “You haven’t slept six hours
since we left Earth. And I’ll admit I’m quite sleepy
myself.”

  “Well, it seems the motion is carried,” Professor
Burke yawned, “I was hoping we would not be slaves to
slumber on the moon, that its hold would be weakened,
like its law of gravitation, but it appears that Morpheus
is also one of the lunar gods. Put us on the farthest star
and we’d be earthbound still. Therefore, let us sleep.”
Ernest also yawned. “I guess I am about ‘all in,’ but
me mustn’t lose much time in sleep just now. The lunar
night will begin in less than twenty hours, and I want to
see Mount Hadley first. Seven or eight hour’s sleep
should put me back in trim.”

  “And how long will the darkness last?” Mildred
queried.

  “Without figuring it out, about thirty hours, I should
say. That will give us plenty of time to make up for
lost slumber.”

  “And thank goodness there are no alarm clocks on the
moon—and no blamed roosters,” Professor Burke com-
mented. “I’m not sleepy, though.”

  After partaking of some concentrated food, they re-
tired to their respective bunks and were soon wrapped
in oblivion.

  Ernest was the first to wake, some eight hours later.
Stentorian snores from the direction of Professor
Burke’s compartment told him that his somnolent com-
panion was still dormant.
THE MOON OF DOOM

23

  Pushing the button of the wire that led to Mildred’s
room, Ernest heard her cheery “all right!” ring out with
the first tinkle of the tiny bell. A few minutes later
she joined him, lilting Caro Nome.

  “Happy?” Ernest asked.

  “As though we were back on Earth attending an opera
or watching a storm. I suppose there will be no storms
on the moon. Imagine how wonderful it would be to see
thunderclouds fighting the peaks of the Apennines!”
“Yes, it would be inspiring. We may not see any
storm clouds here, but there will not be an entire absence
of thunder so long as Professor Burke persists in sleep-
ing with his mouth open. I must go and wake him now,
for Mount Hadley is calling us. No use to ring the
bell—guess I’ll have to pull him out of bed.”

  “I’ve been awake an hour!” the girl heard the Pro-
fessor remonstrate at Ernest’s chiding.

  Half an hour later they had breakfasted on condensed
food and coffee heated on the plane’s atoheaters and were
ready to take off on their first intralunar flight.

  “Well, what do you know about that!” Ernest ejacu-
lated when the big metal bird failed to lift at the first
throbs of the motors. “We’re stalled!”

  “You mean you’re stalled,” Professor Burke chortled
triumphantly. “The propellers are not used to this lunar
air. Speed up the motors and we will rise.”

  “I had thought of that,” Ernest laughed, “but it must
be the same air we had on Earth, and it seems dense
enough. I rather think the trouble lies below—that the
plane is wheel-deep in sand. Let’s see.”

  He stopped the motors and climbed out.

  “I was right, Professor,” he called back a minute
later. “The ship is all but resting on its hull. The
lunar soil is little more than quicksand.”

  “Just as I thought,” Professor Burke muttered, reach-
ing for his pipe, as Ernest returned to the cockpit.

  To the full tug of the powerful motors, The Pioneer
rose from its tenacious bed. After the helicopter had
lifted it about five hundred feet, Ernest turned it round
and leveled it at the distant Apennines.

  "How far are the mountains?” Mildred asked.

  "Not more than five hundred miles. We could make
it in a few minutes, but I think I’ll travel leisurely so
we may study the moon’s terrain.”

  “The moon’s terrain! The moon’s terrain!” Profes-
sor Burke fairly convulsed with laughter. “I always
thought terrain was rather peculiar to Terra.”

  “The moon’s topography, or the moonscape, if you
prefer,” Ernest laughed back, Mildred joining in the
mirth.

  Vast stretches of the strange gray sand, punctured
here and there by small craters, was all they saw for the
first three hundred miles. The land then became more
rugged, the plain giving way to small hills sprinkled with
grotesque boulders.

  Ernest suddenly tilted The Pioneer upward, carried it
to eighteen thousand feet and then swerved it to the
left, in the direction of a great circular formation that
was coming into view.

  “The crater of Eratosthenes, I think,” he told his
companions. “I’m not certain, but we’ll fly over it and
see."

  The jagged walls of the fantastic ring-plain seemed
to be coming to meet them. In one place the ramparts
rose more than sixteen thousand feet.

  They were soon over the vast enclosure.

  “It is Eratosthenes,” Ernest said. “It’s about forty
miles in diameter. See that great mound in the middle
of the bowl? That’s the massive central complex moun-
tain which, seen from earth, sometimes looked like a
crater ring. Eratosthenes is one of the moon’s finest
ring-plains, but Copernicus, just to the east of the Apen-
nines, is larger. Eratosthenes is at the eastern terminus

of the range, while Mount Hadley is at the northern
extremity.”

  The Apennines became visible before they had crossed
the crater. The sullen mass of the great chain seemed
interminable. Ernest kept the plane at eighteen thou-
sand feet and turned it in the direction of Mount Had-
ley.

  The Pioneer moved slowly over the weird expanse of
lavatic ridges. Some of the peaks rose like needle-points,
and between them, far below, yawned deep, distorted
canyons and sinuous ravines. So terrible was the grand-
eur of the Apennines that the Earthians found it hard
to realize they were not in a ghostly dream.

  At length they were over the northern border of the
range and Ernest pointed out a great peak which he took
to be Mount Hadley. But no hieroglyphics were visible.

  "The writing may be on the other side,” he ventured
as he nosed the plane downward in ever-widening spirals
to the base of the 15,000 foot mountain.

  Professor Burke’s thick, horn-rimmcd spectacles,
which he always insisted he did not really need, fur-
nished first discovery.

  "Look!” he cried, when they were half down the cliff.
"Look!” His voice rang with alien excitement.

  "Where?” his companions exclaimed in breathless uni-
son.

  "Down there—behind us!” Vainly he panted and
pointed. His companions saw nothing but blank rock.

  "Now we’ve lost them!” Professor Burke wailed.
“Can’t see them again until the next roundtrip. They’re
a thousand feet high!”

  Ernest made the next spiral in nasty speed.

  "There—I see them!” Mildred exclaimed as the other
side of the mountain again came into view. “Look,
Ernest!”

  The Pioneer was about five thousand feet high. Below,
beginning about two thousand feet from the base, was
Mount Hadley’s flat face—a slate-colored wall so nearly
smooth and straight that it seemed the work of some deft
blade immeasurably Titanic. And on the vast escarp-
ment inlaid with whitish stone, was the handiwork of
the Moonmen.

  Still farther below, at the very foot of the cliff and
between Hadley and the next high mountain, stretched
a level expanse several miles wide.

  On this plain The Pioneer landed.

CHAPTER XVIII
The Thing

UT T can’t be done, but I’ll do it,” was the contradic-
| tory declaration of Professor Burke, in the role
of hieroglyphist, after he had studied the charac-
ters on Mount Hadley for several hours.

  Landing about a mile from the base of the mountain,
their first act had been to walk to the pictured cliff for
a closer scrutiny, only to discover that the gigantic size
of the symbols precluded study at close range. And an-
other thing they discovered: the characters, with the
exception of the most imposing figure, a Gargantuan
something made of a cement-like material, were of the
whitest marble, inlaid deeply and dexterously in the
slaty wall.

  They were now back at the plane, having found it a
point of vantage for viewing the enigmatic panorama
with the aid of their binoculars.

  Compelling as the lure of lost Atlantis, baffling as the
quiz of Theban sphinx, fantastic as the wildest hashish
dream, was the scene that held their interest.

  Two thousand feet the tablet towered; one thousand
feet it stretched. A central figure of an uncouth Thing—
was it male or female, god or devil? Before it, kneeling
votaries almost as weirdly formed; above it, and on
24

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

either side, long lines of lunar lore; below it, Titan fi-
gures telling mathematic art.

  The central figure—the Thing—was fully three hun-
dred feet high despite its sitting posture. Modeled in
bold relief, it seemed a nightmare, something turned to
stone. Though its features were plainly delineated, there
was a suggestion of shapelessness throughout. It might
have been an evil genie from Aladdin’s mystic lamp, or a
shape from the nethermost pit. Its head—if head it
might be called—was larger than its body. By far the
most conspicuous feature was its eyes—great protruding
radiant balls set high on a bulging brow and topped by
what seemed to be spreading antennae. The orbs were
at least fifteen feet in diameter, were faceted, and
sparkled like a thousand diamonds. Its nose was a
stubby porcine snout; its mouth an inordinate, many-
fanged, flabby-lipped gash reaching almost from ear to
ear and twisted in a Gargoyle grin, half smile, half leer.
Its ears were huge fantastic appendages extending from
the jowl below the level of the nose-tip. The lower part
of the head, like the upper, was turgid, giving it the
contour of the figure 8, of a plump peanut, rather. There
was no neck.

  The Thing’s body was bulbous and striped, like a
monstrous onion. Two massive, triple-jointed arms, re-
sembling in structure the anterior legs of an insect,
protruded from each shoulder, the lower pair being
folded across its pot belly while the other two, extended
in front of the body, clutched a colossal block of stone
which was suspended menacingly over a huge bowl held
in the lap, the two objects forming a sort of mortar and
pestle arrangement. The bowl was gripped between the
monstrosity’s stump legs, which corresponded in number
with its arms and were likewise triple-jointed. But what
attracted the Earthians most, next to the fetish’s blaz-
ing eyes, were its hands and feet which, though scaly,
were human in every other respect, even to the nails.

  The Thing was naked, sexless.

  In striking contrast to the monster’s uncouth pro-
portions and terrible aspect, but scarcely less bizarre,
were the figures of its worshippers. The kneeling Moon-
men, some of whose faces were turned from the god, were
half insect, half human. Their heads, prodigious and
almost perfectly oval, were balanced on long and ab-
surdly small necks. Their eyes mere specks under
beetling brows and, like the idol’s, were surmounted by
antennae. Their noses were short and flat, with enor-
mous nostrils. Their ears, disproportionately large,
might have been huge copies of cockleshells, and were
radially ribbed inside and notched on the rims. Their
mouths were quite small and rather puckered, but not
uncomely. All told, their faces, while amazingly grotes-
que, were not forbidding.

  The bodies of the Moonmen also were egg-shaped, but
more tapering than their heads. The circumference of
their chests must have been thrice that of their wasp-
like waists, from which suspended short leather-like gar-
ments. Of arms and legs there were only two of each
but they, like the idol’s, were triple-jointed, and exceed-
ingly long and slender ending, like the god’s, in hands and
feet of human shape. Though formed of cement like the
idol, there was a suggestion of fragility, of pulpiness,
almost, about the figures. To quote Professor Burke,
the Moonmen looked like “abominable insects lugging
twin maypops* around.”

  There were other Moon people, men and women fash-
ioned on the cliff, and several kinds of animals, but noth-
ing to denote the life size of either—and if there had
been, the comparisons would have been meaningless to
the Earthians. On either side of the idol some distance
away, stood groups of erect Moonmen, some of them en-

 *	This is the edible fruit of a passion flower of the Southern U. S.
 resembling a yellow apple, but is without much flavor.

cased in armor and armed with spears and clubs—the
Lunar legions, no doubt. The soldiers also wore helmets
strangely like those of Terra’s ancient knights, barring
the holes through which antennae protruded. Other fig-
ures—presumably female—wore umbrella-shaped head-
gear and carried baskets and urns. A few naked chil-
dren were represented.

  The animals—if animals they were—were even more
insect-like than the Lunarians. Though varying in size
and structure, the bodies of all were oval and tail-less,
their heads mere knobs. Professor Burke said they
looked like fat sausages with knots on one end. Some of
the beasts were quadrupeds, others hexapods. Among
the six-legged were some gigantic things formed like
fleas, except that their bodies were not laterally com-
pressed. Some of them were hitched to clumsy two-
wheeled chariots and carts. There also were some
bloated creatures with udders and teats, some small
quadrupeds held in leash like dogs, and several other
shapes that could be likened to nothing the Earthians
had seen on their globe.

  Hundreds of lunar objects also were represented.
There were pictures of mountains, craters, caves of
houses that resembled adobe structures, and one of an
imposing, many-windowed building that must have been
a temple. A series of horizontal wavy lines was taken
by the Earthians to represent water, and an arch, sur-
mounting perpendicular wavy streaks, looked like a rain
picture drawn by a prehistoric artist of the mother
planet. And there was the likeness of the mother world
itself—two circles in which the outlines of Earth’s con-
tinents had been carved. The hemispheres were not
readily distinguishable, however. The eastern con-
tinents were not quite in keeping with those known to
the Earthians, the western hemisphere showed that
North America was joined to Asia by a narrow neck of
land, and between the Americas and Europe, nearer the
latter continent and embraced in the circle showing the
western half of the globe, lay a vast body of land which
the Earthians had never seen, but which they knew to
be Atlantis. The outlines of nearly all the continents
were slightly different from those with which they were
familiar. It was clear that great geologic changes had
taken place since the maps were drawn. For instance,
the Lunarians had the continent of Asia extending clear
to Borneo and including the Philippine Islands—and
there was “The Wallace Line”* between Asia and Aus-
tralia.

  Hieroglyphics stretched in every direction, line on
line. Some of them were carved above the idol and on
both sides of the erect Moonmen, and on the sides of the
chariots and carts. Many of the characters were more
than a hundred feet high; others, particularly those on
the vehicles, relatively small.

  The arithmetical arrangements near the base of the
mountain were easily comprehensible. Their simplicity
seemed striking proof that the Lunarians knew Earth
was inhabited and had tried to make their meaning in-
telligible to the planetarians. First, there was a long
straight mark, a dash and then another mark, followed
by a symbol for the figure 1. This system continued
through the figure 8, each total being accompanied by
its symbol, then advanced into octuplication, and later
into mathematical characters that the Earthians could
not decipher.

  The carvings naturally interested Ernest and Mildred
more than anything they had seen since reaching the
satellite. Ernest now knew why he had been unable to
see the great idol from Earth: its cement composition
was almost as dark as its slaty background. He be-
lieved, however, that he should have seen its flashing

   •	An imaginary line separating the Oriental and Australian regions.
It passes between Bali and Lombok, between Celebes and Borneo, and to
the eastward of the Philippines. Recent authors contend that it should paa3
cast rather than west of Celebes. The faunas on cither side of the line
are remarkably distinct.
THE MOON OF DOOM

25

Two thousand feet the tablet towered; ono thousand feet It stretched. A contra! figure of on uncouth Thing—was it male or female god
or dovil? Beforo it, kneeling votaries almost as weirdly formed; above it. and on oithor side, long lines of lunar lore; below it Titan

.figures telling mathcmatic art.

eyes. Mildred paid little attention to the hieroglyphics,
leaving their deciphering to Professor Burke. The
hideousness of the god fascinated her, and she declared
that the fetish’s eyes were hypnotic. And as for Pro-
fessor Burke, he literally lost himself in trying to de-
cipher the hieroglyphics. Between energetic pipe puffs he
would occasionally emit an enigmatic, tantalizing “Ah!"
and then relapse into silence, his eyes taking on the ab-
stracted squint of puzzlement.

  “Well, what do you make of them, Professor?" Er-
nest finally dared to interrupt his companion’s brown
study.

  It was then that Professor Burke had said it couldn’t
be done, but he’d do it, adding that the Moonmen prob-
ably left a sort of Rosetta stone somewhere, but it would
be useless to look for it, as it would contain nothing but
equally perplexing writings.

  Waxing poetic over the god and the other grotesque
figures, he had quoted Poe:

They are neither man nor woman—

They are neither brute nor human—

They are ghouls.

NINE hours had passed since their coming to Mount
Hadley. Already the chill that heralded the lunar
night was in the air.

  “Only a few more hours of light, and then the long
sleep,” Ernest remarked.

  “No long sleep for me,” Professor Burke asseverated.
“I purpose to put every one of those blamed figures on
paper and stay up until the next sun, if necessary, to
decipher them.”

  “Suit yourself,” Ernest smiled, “but Mildred and I
are going to call it a day between making another trip
to the base of the mountain. We want to make a closer
study of the idol’s eyes—and maybe we’ll find that
Rosetta stone.”

  They returned two hours later to find Professor Burke
still sedulously engaged in transcribing the characters.
He greeted them with an interrogatory grunt.

  “We didn’t find Miss Rosetta,” Ernest announced,
“but we did discover that the idol’s eyes are made of
hundreds of diamonds or other stones just as brilliant,
some of them as large as a man’s hand. And we made
another discovery, too.”

  “Piflle!” Professor Burke piped.

  “It’s the truth,” Mildred affirmed.

  “Oh, I’m not skeptical on that score,” he modified,
“but what good are diamonds here, even if they were as
big as the idol itself? What was the other discovery,
Ernest?”

  “That there is a cave just to the left of the pictured
cliff large enough to house our plane. We will spend
the night there, partly protected from the cold. The
atoheaters would keep us comfortable, of course, but I
26

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

don’t fancy the idea of camping out here on the plain.”
Three more hours, and then came the lunar dusk.
The temperature had tumbled below zero. Professor
Burke had completed his transcription.

  “Look!” Mildred exclaimed excitedly as Ernest was
preparing to start the plane for the short trip to the
cave.

  A ball of greenish gold, so vast that it embraced
nearly half of the lunar horizon, was climbing above the
serrate mountains. It was Mother Earth rising to keep
nocturnal vigil over her cold, dead daughter—Mother
Earth, glorious in her own travail.

  The planet glowed like a solid sheen of emerald dif-
fused with topaz tint, and bathed the satellite in eld-
ritch twilight.

  "Oh, God, how beautiful!” Mildred ecstasied. She
stretched her hands toward the luminous world.

  Ernest recalled that her cry of joy was the same she
had uttered when, as a child, she first looked through
the “big gun” at Jupiter and his family of moons.

  “And how beautiful you are,” he heard himself whis-
pering. “I sometimes think that the very gods that
made you must wonder at your loveliness.”

   The girl, still enrapt, did not hear.

       CHAPTER XIX
       The Air Speaks

NYBODY there? Anybody there? Well, I’ll be
double damned!”

  Professor Burke’s colorful explosion woke his
companions at the first crack of lunar dawn. They had
divided the night into four periods, spending much of
their “daytime” in reading, and each time they had
roused or retired. Professor Burke was still poring over
the figures copied from the cliff.

  “What’s the matter?” Ernest called from his bunk.
“The matter?” The Professor was plainly agitated.
“Matter enough. We’ve been dreaming, that’s all. We’re
still on Earth. I’d just fallen asleep after working nearly
a million hours on those infernal hieroglyphics when the
radio—but wait, you’ll hear it yourself, in a moment.”
“Hear what?” Mildred’s voice rang out.

  As if in answer to her query, a strident “Cock-a-doodle-
doo!” came from the tubes.

  “‘Shrill chanticleer pierces the dull ear of morn!’”
Professor Burke quoted dramatically. “What did I tell
you? Blamed thing started crowing about ten minutes
ago—loud enough to wake the dead. I’ve shouted ‘Hello!’

until I’m hoarse, but the only reply is-”

  “Cock-a-doodle-doo!” the radio aptly inserted.

  “As Poe would say, ‘only that and nothing more,’ ” the
Professor finished.

  "Maybe it’s a dream, and we’re dreaming we’re back
on Earth,” Mildred suggested, her face framed in the
curtains of her berth.

  “I’ve got the answer!” Ernest flashed after a stupefied
moment. “Another plane has landed on the moon! We’ve
been here quite a while, you know, and I wouldn’t be sur-
prised if a flock of them had arrived.”

  “Just as I supposed,” the Professor muttered. “Of
course that’s it.”

  “But why doesn’t it answer?” Ernest continued.
“Surely a cock is not its sole occupant. Try to get them
again, Professor. I’ll be with you directly.”

  Professor Burke again turned to the radio. “This
is Professor Burke—Francis Burke—speaking.” he

boomed. “Hail, fellow Earthians! Greetings! I-”

  “Cock-a-doodle-doo!’’

  "Dammit, I say!” the Professor snapped, and he sat
down.

  Ernest joined him a moment later, followed by Mil-
dred, who was quivering with excitement.

  "No wonder!” Ernest ejaculated after a hasty inspec-

tion of the radio. "The microphone is disconnected!”
Professor Burke slumped into his chair, and groaned.
Ernest quickly adjusted the mechanism and shouted
a hello.

  Silence.

  “Hello! Hello 1”

  And then, after a louder shout, the radio spoke.
“Daddy! Daddy!” a childish voice came through the
air. “Wake up, Daddy! Someone is calling us!”

  A moment later a masculine "hello!” was heard.
Ernest responded, his companions pressing close to
the amplifier.

  “This is Professor Ernest Sherard of Mount Shasta
observatory,” he enunciated. “My companions are Pro-
fessor Burke of Burke observatory, and Mildred Reamer,
my assistant. We believe we were the first to reach the
moon. We are now in our plane in a cave under Mount
Hadley, on the pictured side of the cliff.”

  “This is Dr. Elmo Harveston of Maidstone, England,
and my little daughter, Thomasine,” the voice returned.
“Of course I have heard of you, and of Professor Burke,
and understood you were the first to leave the earth. We
reached the moon early last night—that is, about twenty-
five hours ago. We landed on a plateau near a high
mountain range—the Rook chain, I think. At least three
other planes are here. I signaled them shortly after
I arrived. One of them—wait a moment, please, until
Thomasine carries her pet rooster into another com-
partment—he’s crowing his head off—one of them was
piloted by an American named Hogrefe, from Detroit.
Brought his family and several relatives. A German
named Eckhoff also is here, but I know very little Ger-
man and couldn’t talk with him. The third ship brought
Antoine LaTaste, a young French engineer, and several
children refugees he picked up in the Pyrenees. The
planes are widely scattered. The American landed on
a plain near a large crater. The German mentioned
‘Bergen,’ so I guess he’s somewhere in the mountains.
The Frenchman says he is near a great ‘ditch’ nearly a
hundred miles long—the Alpine Valley, no doubt But I
suppose you have already heard from them, and from
others, perhaps.”

  “No,” Ernest told him, “we have been so busy studying
the inscriptions on Mount Hadley that we completely
forgot the radio until your rooster woke Professor Burke
a few minutes ago. I suppose you were operating on a
different wave length last night, or we would have heard
your signals. Perhaps a dozen or more planes are here
by this time.”

  Harveston expressed great interest in the hierogly-
phics, and Ernest furnished a brief description, also tell-
ing him of the moon fetish.

  The conversation then turned to their respective
voyages to the moon, and Harveston said he had come so
dangerously near the walls of space that his plane had all
but tail-spinned before he grasped the situation.

  “I fear hundreds of ships will perish in the ether
sea,” Ernest commented gravely, "but there was no way
of foretelling the danger.”

  "What are your immediate plans?” Harveston asked.
“We shall leave the cave as soon as the temperature
permits. It is hardly daybreak yet, and we dare not ven-
ture out of the plane until the sun is up a few hours.
Professor Burke tells me he wishes to take one more
look at the hieroglyphics to verify some of his transcrip-
tions. He worked on them nearly the whole night
through and thinks the solution is in sight. Have you a
map of the moon?”

  “Yes.”

  “Well, our next stop will be the great crater of Tycho.
I think an investigation of its white rays will prove
most interesting in view of what we have already found
at one of the smaller pits. Suppose you meet us there—
in about six hours, say—and together we will signal at
THE MOON OF DOOM

nr

27

various wave lengths to learn how many other planes
have arrived. I don’t think you will have much trouble
locating the crater, because of the prominence of its
rays, and you’re much nearer it than we are.”

   It was agreed, and they signed off.

  “Well, old comrade,” Ernest turned to Professor
Burke, “I suppose you’ll be wanting to get a little more
sleep while we’re waiting on the sun.”

   "Yes, I might as well, as there’s nothing else to do
until I can check up on those inscriptions. But I’m not
at all sleepy. There are some mortals who laugh at
Morpheus, you know. It was said of Napoleon and Edi-
son that they often went a week or more without sleep.
They also were great men. I”—he tried in vain to sup-
press a yawn—“well, as I said, there’s nothing to do un-
til I can verify my copies. Think I missed a whole row
of symbols. Don’t let me sleep too long.”

  “Wait just a minute before you retire, Professor. I
think I’ll run the plane to the mouth of the cave, so
that Mildred and I may watch the sunrise.”

  Five minutes later the move had been made and Er-
nest and Mildred were watching, in entranced silence,
the indescribable glory of the lunar dawn. Professor
Burke was snoring rapturously.

  “Look!” Ernest cried suddenly, breaking the spell.
He pointed skyward.

   High over the plain, its wings gleaming in the sun’s
first rays, a huge shape was pictured against the sky.

  “It’s an atoliner!” Mildred exclaimed. “It’s coming
this way. Let’s see if we can signal it!”	-*•

  “No,” Ernest demurred, “the radio might wake Pro-
fessor Burke. We’ll get them later.”

   They watched the great metal bird until it passed over
them and was blotted out by the Apennines.

CHAPTER XX

The Crescent City

THE Crescent City, one of America’s biggest ato-
liners, was flying low and leisurely over the lunar
plains. The Apennines were five hundred miles be-
hind. A tall, well-poised man of about thirty-five, whose
white cap bore the insignia of captain, sat in the cockpit
with the pilot and studied the lunar landscape through
his binoculars. His dark eyes were boyish, adventurous,
but his aquiline nose, firm mouth and square-set jaw
bespoke resourcefulness and resolve.

  He presently lowered his glasses and addressed the
pilot: “A little to the left, Martin—that’s about right.
Straight ahead, now. I don’t like the look of that sand
down there. It’s worse than Sahara. I think there’s
firmer ground a few miles ahead—it’s darker, anyway.”
Then, into the transmitter that carried his voice to
every cabin: “We will land in a few minutes, but may
have to stay in the ship several hours. There’s plenty
of air, but it will be too cold outside until the sun is up
a while.”

   Immediately the atoliner became a Babel of excitement.
The passengers, most of whom had been viewing the
scene from their cabin windows, rushed pell-mell into the
aisles and surged toward the doors, their voices a discord
of agitation and rejoicing. The long journey was over.
They were safe. The moon was theirs. The rays of
the early sun beckoned, and they were eager to heed the
call.

   Ten minutes later the captain spoke again, and at his
words the craft nosed into a long, graceful glide.

   The Crescent City came to rest ten miles from the sea
of sand, on an ashen plain whose smooth, slaty surface
stretched interminably onward.

   Once more the passengers surged toward the doors, tut
stopped abruptly. The gravitational change, felt only
slightly while the plane was in motion, now rendered them
helpless, .ridiculous.

  The captain faced them, stopped their irush with a
word. “We’ll have to learn to walk agaii^*’ he said, as
solemnly as possible. “We must stay it? the ship for
three or four hours. The thermometer shpws it is eighty
below zero outside. In the meantime tye will try to as-
certain if any voyagers have preceded ;Us.”

   He led the wobbling, floundering Earthians to the radio
room and seated himself before the microphone. The
passengers gathered round and waited with bated breath
as he turned the dial and shouted ‘‘Hello!” with each
movement.

   Presently they were rewarded. A clear “Hello 1” came
back. The salutation sounded eerie/ impossible, like a
voice that had followed them through' spare;”

   "This is Captain Sewell Ellington of P/re Crescent City,
New Orleans,” the man at the nrfcrophotfe shouted. “We
have just arrived—seventy-five of
"Welcome to the moon!” the voice'rfesponded cheerfully.
“This is Dr. Elmo Harveston oP Maidstone, England.
Made the trip with my little daughter, in a small plane.
Arrived about forty-five hours a£o. Where are you?”
“Wish we knew. Haven’t had time to get our bearings.
Afraid the ship would founder in the sand, so we kept
going until we reached an expanse of rock that’s as
smooth as a floor. It’s one'of the so-called seas, I think—>
the Mare Nubium or the Mare Humorum.”

  “Who are your passengers?”

  “Mainly Louisianians and Texans who sought refuge
on the mountains of Central America. Few Mexicans in
the lot. Made the trip without mishap. The Crescent
City was probably the first big atoliner to leave the earth.
Left about seventy-five hours after Sherard’s final mes-
sage.”

  “Professor Sherard is here now—was the first to ar-
rive,” Harveston informed. “I was talking with him a
few hours ago. Professor Francis Burke and Sherard’s
assistant, a young woman, are with him. They are in a
cave under Mount Hadley, in the Apennines. At least
three other planes have arrived.”

  “Is that so! What did Sherard have to say?”
Harveston gave a brief account of his conversations with
Professor Sherard and the other Earthians, concluding
with the suggestion that The Crescent City also proceed
to Tycho. “If you are on the Mare Nubium you are only a
few hundred miles from Tycho,” he supplemented.

   “Well, we’ll be there, unless the sand prevents our land-
ing,” Ellington assured. “Farewell till then.”

   Doctor Harveston was the first to reach Tycho, parking
his plane close to the crater. Leaving his sleeping child
in her bunk, he immediately began to explore his sur-
roundings, and his first discovery was that the walls of
the pit were several thousand feet high, forming a stump-
shaped eminence in the center of a vast, gently sloping
saucer of dark rock which, in turn, was surrounded by a
darker, lava-like substance against which the crater’s
enormous streamers, spreading in every direction, shone
in glaring contrast.

   He was scanning the almost perpendicular ramparts of
Tycho, wondering if they could be scaled, when the hum
of a motor caused him to turn. The huge bulk of The
Crescent City loomed in the distance. It landed behind
him, on a smooth space about a mile from the crater, near
one of the great rays.

   Its passengers immediately began streaming out of its
several doors, many of them taking uncanny strides and
falling over one another, befuddled by their new light-
ness. After several attempts, they were able to walk after
a fashion. There were about thirty women in the g.roup,
some with babies in their arms, and these proceeded more
cautiously, being assisted from the plane by the men.

   Harveston, setting out to meet them, saw them gather
round a tall, white-capped man whom he took to be
Captain Ellington, whose gestures indicated that he was
addressing them. He presently pointed toward Harveston
28

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and a minute later started in his direction heading a pro-
cession that moved slowly and fantastically. Some of the
Earthians held hands to avoid mishaps, but the most of
them, except the women and some of the smaller children,
made their own tedious way. There was much overstep-
ping and consequent tumbles, some of which ended pain-
fully on the hard surface.

  "Where is Professor Sherard?” was Captain Elling-
ton’s first question when formal introductions were over.

  "Pm wondering myself,” Harveston replied. “Sherard
said something about Professor Burke wanting to go over
the hieroglyphics again, and I guess that is what is de-
laying. him.”

  “Have you investigated the white rays yet?”

  "From the air only. They radiate in every direction.
Suppose we visit the nearest one while we’re waiting on
Sherard.”

  "I have an idea—”

  Ellington’s remark was cut short by an exclamation
from a keen-eyed youngster.

  "Look! Here she comes!”

  Captain Ellington turned his binoculars on a speck
against the sky in the direction of the Apennines. “It’s
Professor Sherard, I guess.”

  His supposition was correct. Five minutes later the
first Earthians to reach the moon arrived at Tycho, their
plane landing close to Harveston’s machine. Ernest and
Mildred alighted together and were immediately sur-
rounded and warmly greeted.

  “We saw The Crescent City pass over the mountains
early this morning,” Ernest addressed Captain Ellington,
"but refrained from signaling because Professor Burke
was asleep.”	,

  “And where is Professor Burke now?”

  “His non-appearance is due to his having locked himself
in his room with the declaration that he would stay there
until he solved the mystery of Mount Hadley,” Ernest
explained.

  "He thinks the solution is near,” Mildred supplemented.
"We were starting, out to study Tycho’s white rays
when you arrived,” Harveston apprised Ernest. “Shall
we go on, or signal the rest of the moon first?”

  Ernest believed the signaling would be wisest, pointing
out that some of the possible arrivals might be close by,
and that it would be best to reach them before they took
flight again. It was agreed that they would request all
with whom they might communicate to join them at
Tycho, and that they would meet an hour later and report
results.

  Ernest and Mildred returned to The Pioneer to find
Professor Burke still poring over his hieroglyphics. Cap-
tain Ellington, having apprised his passengers of his ob-
ject, was followed to The Crescent City by most of them.
Harveston found his little daughter still asleep.

  In a few minutes the signals of the three planes were
sweeping the moon at every wave length.

  At the end of the hour, Ernest reported having spoken
with Hogrefe, the American whom Harveston had men-
tioned, and with an Italian named Casella, who believed
he was in the Lunar Alps. Harveston told of conversing
with a fellow-countryman named Banks, with a Canadian
named Farrow, and with a Spaniard whose name he could
not catch. Banks was somewhere on the plains, and the
Canadian believed he was on the Mare Tranquillitatis.
Captain Ellington had made only one connection, and
that with the German, Eckhoff, who said he had left the
mountains and landed near a crater. Each ship had
brought from two to six passengers, mainly the families
and relatives of the owners.

  No trace has been found of the Frenchman, LaTaste,
whom Harveston had signaled during the night.

  “I move that we now visit the nearest ray,” Ernest
said. “I think we shall find it most interesting.” He

then told Ellington of his discoveries at the small crater
of Reaumur.

  Mildred accompanying them, they soon reached the ray
and found, as Ernest had anticipated, that it was one of
many skillfully executed channels designed to carry water
to the crater by gravity. The bottom of the course was
of the same marble-like material Ernest and his compan-
ions had observed at Reaumur, and the sides were plast-
ered with the whitish cement they had seen there.

  The ditch at this point was half a mile wide and not
more than a hundred feet deep, but was narrower and
deeper toward the crater and less straight in the other
direction, following the wide valleys of the slightly un-
dulating topography.

  “Suppose we follow the channel to the base of the ram-
part,” Ernest proposed. “I believe the tunnels through the
wall will be large enough for us to enter and explore the
interior.”

  "And how thick are the walls, do you suppose?” Mildred
asked.

  “Probably a thousand feet or more. We will have to use
our pocket atolights.”

  They found that Tycho’s tunnels were about fourteen
feet in diameter and straight as a rifle bore, though they
seemed to have been fashioned with crude tools.

  “Tycho reminds me of a mouse trap—one of those with
holes all around,” Mildred laughed.

  “And it may prove to be a trap, precipitating us into
the pit, unless we watch our step,” Ernest cautioned as
they prepared to enter the darkness.

  The base of the wall was even thicker than Ernest had
reckoned. They had gone more than a thousand feet
before they saw light at the other end of the bore.

  The interior of the ring-plain was bathed in sunlight
when they reached the tunnel’s end, and they were awed
by the scene that greeted them, stunned by the vastness
of it all; it was so great in diameter that the eye could
not encompass it; the basin was shaped like a shallow
cup and as smooth in places as asphalt. Its central region,
barely visible to the unaided eye, appeared to be not more
than a thousand feet below the level of the moon’s surface.

  The Earthians first viewed the great bowl through their
binoculars, and then through a small telescope which Cap-
tain Ellington had with him. The latter glass revealed a
circle of openings near the center.

  “What are they, Sherard—more tunnels?” Harveston
inquired.

  “Aqueducts,” Ernest replied. “They probably carried
water to the distant habitations of the Moonmen. You
will notice that the deeper crevices in the floor of the
reservoir have been filled with cement. It must have taken
the Lunarians many centuries—millenniums, perhaps—;
to complete this work.”

  “Millenniums,” Harveston echoed pensively, and they
again gazed into the immensity of the basin lost in
thought

  Ernest’s voice broke the silence.

  “Let’s return to the planes,” he said.

              CHAPTER XXI
              Luna’s Story

HE temporary camp was in a commotion when the
explorers returned.

  Another plane had arrived, and the Crescent
'Citiavs were gathered round it.

  Two men were standing by the new ship, gesticulat-
ing wildly, vying for voice.

  One was Professor Burke. The other’s speech ad-
vertised him as Gallic; his dapper appearance as a
Parisian.

  Professor Burke, on seeing Ernest and Mildred,
plunged toward them.
THE MOON OF DOOM

29

  “I have found it!” he shouted. “I’ve solved the lunar
riddle! Let me tell you!"

  “Just a minute, Professor,” Ernest restrained. “Let
me welcome the new arrival.”

  “I am Antoine La Taste, late of Paris,” the stranger
introduced himself in fair English. “I have the great
story! I come from the far mountains of the moon

where I found-”

  “Once more I ask you, my friend, to wait till I tell
my story,” Professor Burke barked.

  Ernest finally prevailed upon their companion to let
LaTaste have his way.

  “I reached the moon just before the frozen darkness
fell,” the Frenchman began dramatically. “Mon Dieu,
it was the long night! I landed in the mountains near
a great valley that is a mile deep, several miles wide and
I don’t know how long. We stayed there—the children
and I—until the daylight came again. We were off with
the sun, flying in what I took to be a northerly direction.
The mountains were soon behind us and beneath us lay
a sandy plain dotted with small craters. In about three
hours we came to another mountain range. It was
much higher than the one we left and much more
rugged. Its peaks rose like fountains of the lava, over-
lapping in many places. Imagine my surprise to find a
circular plain in the midst of the mountains. I was
nearly across it before I saw the something that made
me reconsider, all of the sudden. In the center of the
plain was a deep basin, and round it the ruins of many
buildings!”

  He paused for effect and breath and then went on:

  “I landed near the ruins and explored them for about
two hours. The sun was well up by that time and it
was getting warm. Well, there’s not much to tell of
the buildings—there wasn’t much left standing except
some columns—but listen: those columns were inscribed
with characters that would addle the Chinaman. And
then I made another discovery. I was sweeping the plain
with my binoculars, to see what I could see, when my
attention was attracted by what seemed to be rows of
openings at the bases of the encircling mountains. Fo-
cusing my glasses, I discovered that they were doors,
and that the walls around them also were covered with
the strange writing. I didn’t visit the caves—it seemed
quite possible that some terrible, unknown creatures
were lying in wait in their depths. So, after taking the
few snapshots of the ruins, I returned to the plane and
left in another direction. I kept going until the greatest
surprise of all met my gaze—your camp down here.”

  The momentary silence that followed the Frenchman’s
Strange narrative was blasted by Professor Burke.

  “Congratulations, my friend!” he exclaimed, stepping
forward and giving LaTaste’s hand a vigorous shake.
“What you have told us is part of my own story. Now
they will believe me. Draw close, all of you, and I will
bare the secrets of the moon.”

  The Professor drew himself to his full height and
donned his full dignity as he began in impressive tones:
“Know you that Luna is Terra’s child, but older than
her mother in point of life evolved. The Lunarians had
reached the apex of their civilization when we Earthians
were still troglodytes—‘when man slew man in bestial
rage and ate the marrow of his bones.’

  “Life appeared here vast ages before it did on Earth
for the reason that the moon, being a much smaller
body, cooled in a comparatively short time.

  “The Moonmen have been extinct for at least 500,000
years, but I have deciphered their history as recorded
on the face of Mount Hadley.

  “As to how I solved the mystery, an outline must
suffice at this time. All picture writings we knew on
Earth had common characteristics, and I proceeded on
the hypothesis that a similar relation existed here—

that is, that the characters on Mount Hadley were ideo-
graphic, composed, in large measure, of objects repre-
sented by pictures and signs. I soon discovered, how-
ever, that the lunar symbols were partly phonographic,
indicating that the Moonmen had reached a stage in
the evolution of writing, if not in civilization, com-
parable to that of the ancient Egyptians.

  “So far, so good; but the fact that many of the ob-
jects familiar to the Moonmen had no earthly counter-
part presented a blank wall. Some of them were easy
enough, however. For example, their sun and star sym-
bols were almost identical with those devised by the
prehistoric Earthians. And so with their water sym-
bols—horizontal wavy lines representing a sea or lake,
according to their length, and perpendicular wavy lines
under an arch denoting rain.

  “With these definable characters as a nucleus, my
task was to make the unknown symbols identify them-
selves by establishing their relationship to the known
signs, much as a child reconstructs a picture from cuts
of cardboard.

   “But for a long time I could not make the characters
arrange themselves, and more than once I was about
ready to admit failure. Hieroglyphics have always been
my hobby, however, so I carried on. But for my famil-
iarity with all picture writings known on Earth, the
lunar legends would have forever remained a mystery,
so far as I am concerned.

   “Well, I decided that I could be as obstinate as tha
symbols, and, to condense the story, I concluded their
translation less than an hour ago. The work is not so
complete as I should like. There are a number of breaks
which I had to fill in deductively, but I am confident
the translation is essentially correct.

   “Millions of years ago—probably during the late Oli-
gocene era of Earth—the Moonmen, then in the dawn
of their civilization, were dwellers of the plains. Ages
later, probably during our late Miocene era, they had
attained a degree of civilization comparable to that on
which Earth’s curtain of history rose. It was then
that they devised their picture writing and becamc
builders instead of nomads. The dawn of another era—
which I place at about 600,000 years ago—found the
Lunarians nearing the peak of their progress.

  "It was then that their Great Change began. The
moon had been gradually receding from Earth through-
out the ages, and was losing its atmosphere and its heat.
Fifty thousand years more, and their lakes, many of
which were located in the beds of craters, were little
more than pools. Their mountain streams—there were
no real rivers—had dwindled to ice-choked rivulets. The
globe was becoming dessicate and frigid.

  “Eventually the lengthening nights became so cold
as to preclude life in the plain cities. The Moonmen then
sought refuge in the mountains, in natural caves which
they later enlarged and extended till the hills were all
but undermined. Here, in the bowels of the mountains,
they spent their nights, and during the long days of
the last few thousand years they worked at one thing
only—hoarding their scant rainfall.

   “The hieroglyphics on Mount Hadley tell of their piti-
ful struggle. It took them ten thousand years to hollow
out the mountains, and five thousand more to convert
the craters into reservoirs. Some of the pits were nat-
ural basins and needed no ‘white rays.’ Channels had to
be dug to most of them, however—thousands of them.
The rays of ail but a few are now covered with sand,
due to moonquakes or other disturbances. They labored
for millenniums, but were impotent against the greater
catastrophe—the dying atmosphere, though toward the
last they devised a crude sort of fan to carry the air
into their caves.

  “The ruins which Monsieur LaTaste discovered mark
30

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

the site of one of their earliest refuges. Many thou-
sands went there during the first hegira and built a
city on the mountain sheltered plain. This city, a real
metropolis, lasted more than a thousand years, but the
cold finally forced its inhabitants to abandon it and
bore into the mountains.

  “An elaborate system of underground cities ultimately
penetrated every mountain range except the Apennines.
These were their sacred hills, kept inviolate as the
domain of their god, the great He-She, whose fancied
likeness had been fashioned on the face of Mount Had-
ley in the heydey of their civilization.

  “The hieroglyphics indicate that their greatest cave
city was in what we know as the Dorfel Mountains, due
to the proximity of the huge craters, Bailly and Clavius,
the pits of which, like those of nearly all the principal
rings, had been converted into natural reservoirs holding
the water conducted to their caves through underground
aqueducts. There was another great city under the
Liebnitz Mountains. This range, according to the in-
scriptions, is composed partly of pure marble—their
White Mountains—and it was here that they procured
the material for constructing the ‘white rays’ which
carried water into the reservoirs, the stone being hauled
across the plains in vehicles pulled by ‘mules’ w'hich
resembled gigantic fleas.

  “He-She was their one and only god. Part male, part
female, the fetish was represented as sexless in the
belief that he—it, rather—had subdued all passions.
Its likeness was built in bas-relief on Hadley with its
face turned toward Earth, and its eyes, fifteen feet in
diameter, were constructed of hundreds of great dia-
monds. Yes, real diamonds, my friends.

  “The Moonmen looked upon the vast ball of the earth
as an evil entity, a thing that was driving them farther
into space and devouring their air, and they supplicated
their idol to combat its power. Their sages seemed to
realize that the planet was inhabited, for in the latter
days they had the lunar sculptors and artisans picture
the moon’s tragic history on the wall round the idol,
possibly as an appeal for assistance.

  “Their religion was sacrificial. Huge statues of He-
She were erected in each cave of the cave cities and
the victims were legion. It seems they were crushed to
death between a sort of mortar and pestle contraption
in the idol's lap.

  “Due to the feeble gravity, the Moonmen evolved along
lines almost entirely different from those of their earthly
kin. They were fully eleven feet tall, huge-headed and
partly insectiform in structure, though they were dis-
tinct vertibrates and human in several ways. During the
last fifty thousand years of their tribulation, however,
they underwent a pronounced physical metamorphosis,
due to climatic and atmospheric changes. Their bodies
became exceedingly bulbous as their lungs expanded to
enormous proportions, their nostrils distended and their
ears enlarged. Their skin thickened, and toward the
last Nature was giving them hair as a protection against
the cold. Much of the moon’s lower life vanished dur-
ing the transition, and if there were birds, they must
have disappeared quite early, as nothing with wings is
represented on the cliff.

  “I have said that the end came about 500,000 years
ago. A million years might be nearer the mark. They
sketched a map of Earth on Mount Hadley, and the pic-
ture shows the isthmus that once connected North Amer-
ica and Asia at Bering Strait, and a continent that must
have been Atlantis.

  “Well, the symbols tell many other things, including
a legend that there once was a great ocean on the other
side of the moon, but if you’ll glance at the sky I think
you’ll find it more interesting. It looks as though it’s
going to rain!”

CHAPTER XXII

Burke Forebodes

THE lunar skies were streaked with straggling veils
of vapor so diaphanous that they seemed to doubt
their own existence.

  On Earth this would have portended only another dis-
mal day; here it seemed a miracle, and the aliens from the
larger sphere watched with wonder’s open eyes.

  The ghostly wisps of gray moved slowly, hesitantly, as
if realizing their alienage and fearing to unite. But
after a while they dared to be united, writhing sinuously
and then meeting and merging to form a denser whole.
It was then that the Earthians became aware that a
goodly breeze was stirring, and that the air was slightly
humid.

  And when the terrific sun itself was all but obliterated,
Professor Burke’s voice rose above the hushed tones of
his companions, the first to break the spell.

  “At last the moon shall touch her lips to drink,” he
intoned impressively, absently, as if addressing his muse.
"Soon comes the rain, and Luna’s awful thirst will be
assuaged. Napoleon said to his soldiers: ‘The centuries
look down upon you.’ I say, that between these clouds
and the last gray whirls that flecked the lunar sky, five
thousand centuries look down.”

  “Do you think there’ll be a storm?” asked Mildred who,
with Ernest, Captain Ellington, Doctor Harveston and
LaTaste, was standing near the Professor.

  “Hardly that,” he smiled, remembering, the girl’s love
of nature’s violent moods. “It will be no more than a
gentle rain—maybe only a heavy mist. I fear we shall
not hear the thunder’s muttered crash. What do you
say, Ernest?”

  ‘‘I guess you’re right, but I was hoping there would be
a real downpour. I’m no weather prophet, but I’ll pre-
dict there won’t be any rain for an hour or so, and I
suggest that in the meantime the six of us go over to my
plane and decide on our next move. I’ve got the wander-
lust.”

  “Well, Sherard, what do you propose?” Ellington asked
when the conference was opened round Ernest’s radio
table.

  "That we explore the sub-montane cities,” he submitted.
“We may have to stay here a long time, unless the moon
crashes into the earth, and I believe the caves will provide
shelter. It is possible that we shall be able to establish
very habitable quarters there, with the aid of our atoheat.
Do the caves contain real rooms, Professor?”

  “The hieroglyphics are not so clear on that point, but
I believe we shall find well-designed halls and apartments
—minus windows, of course. The Lunarians were clever
artisans, and their temples were things of beauty. So
I should think they employed their skill and artistry in
fashioning their mountain dens.”

  “Fine,” Ernest commented. “We Earthians may be
able to set up regular housekeeping provided we can get
enough water and devise a method of ventilation. The
water question is paramount, of course. The supply we
brought with us won’t last much longer. Any sugges-
tions?”

  “I think the rain will solve the problem,” Professor
Burke offered. “We won’t get much from the clouds that
have just gathered, but probably enough to form small
pools in the lowest parts of some of the reservoirs.”
“But how will we get the water to the caves?” Harves-
ton asked. “It would require a depth of several feet to
put in the aqueducts.”

  “I was coming to that,” Burke said. “My suggestion
is that we establish ourselves in the caves of the Dorfel
Mountains, near the great pit of Bailly. We could then
readily fetch the water in our planes. Bailly and Clavius,
it appears, are natural reservoirs surrounded by decliv-
itous land which made the construction of channels un-
THE MOON OF DOOM

31

necessary. I am confident the rain will be quite copious
before long. The air is becoming; more humid every day.”
"Do you think we should start for the caves at once?”
Ellington asked.

  “Yes, and I move that we forthwith place Professor
Sherard in charge of the expedition and have him name
the starting hour.”

  "Only if Professor Burke is given equal authority,"
Ernest amended, and it was agreed.

  "Then I second the suggestion that we start at once,”
Ernest said. "The night is less than fifteen hours off, and
we should lose no time in getting into the caves. But it
would not be well for all of the planes to go at once.
Some of us should remain at Tycho and keep the radios
busy signaling other Earthians who may arrive before the
darkness comes. I therefore suggest that only one plane
make the initial trip and return to guide the rest of us
after locating suitable caves.”

  “Ah, the plan is the good one, the wise one,” LaTaste
put in. “And for certain the distingushed Professors
Sherard and Burke, who discovered the moon and know
most about it, shall be the ones to discover the caves. I
so propose, if I am in the order.”

  “I agree with Monsieur LeTaste,” Harveston said.
“Sherard and Burke, renowned lunarians even before The
Great Change began, and who ‘discovered’ the moon, as
LaTaste puts it, are best qualified as pioneers in the un-
dertaking at hand. The decision rests with them, of
course."

  “We gladly volunteer for the trip," Ernest responded
after noting Professor Burke’s assenting nod. “and here-
with place Captain Ellington in charge of the temporary
camp while we are absent. We will signal you immediately
we locate the caves, and return as speedily as possible.
Bailly is only a few hundred miles off, and it is probable
we shall be gone only two or three hours, but during that
time a number of other planes may arrive here in response
to your signaling. Every plane should be prepared for
flight by the time we return. Does this meet with your
approval?”

  All replied in the affirmative except Mildred, who had
been a silent auditor.

  “Speak up, Mildred,” Ernest said. “You’re a member
of the committee, you know.”

  “Then I vote against the plan unless I am permitted to
go with you.”

  “Ah, the venturesome mademoiselle, as brave as she is
fair!” exclaimed LaTaste with old-world gallantry. “She
has my vote to go.”

  “Certainly you shall go,” Ernest laughed. “We’d be
lost without you, wouldn’t we, Professor?”

  “As lost as our own world is,” Burke said. “It will be
a great journey, but something tells me one of us shall
never return.” His voice became grave. “I have always
scoffed at prescience and the like, and now I'm beginning
to believe in it. I have persistent presentiment that the
mountains are the end of the road for me. Fate, perhaps,
but I’ve always held that fate and chance were one. I
had a strange dream during my_ last sleep. It seemed
that I was standing before the great He-She on Mount
Hadley, studying its hideous physiognomy, when its lips
formed a malicious leer and uttered my name with a
hellish cry of vengeance. The nightmare lingers.”

  “Nonsense!” Ernest enjoined, puzzled at his compan-
ion’s gloomy turn. “You have simply overtaxed your
nerves struggling with those hieroglyphics. I don’t think
there is any danger ahead of us, but I insist that you stay
behind and take a long nap.”

  “You must, Professor; please do,” Mildred pleaded.
“Ernest and I can see it through. I demand that you
stay.”

  “No, my child,” he soothed. “I must go. If fate decrees
my finish, why rebel? See, I’ve become a fatalist over-
night. If my foreboding is nonsense, as Ernest says, no

harm will come of my going—we will have a good laugh
over it when we return. I haven’t been feeling quite
myself for some hours, and maybe the trip will revive me.
Besides, I want to explore the bottom of one of the big
craters. I believe I shall find proof of the theory that
the pits are the remains of gigantic bubbles raised by
volcanic gases when the moon was molten. The very
shallow cup of Bailly will offer an excellent opportunity
for study. Yes, I must go, Mildred. Only a coward is
frighted by dreams—or by death itself, for that matter.”

  Further expostulation only rousing him to anger,
Ernest and Mildred reluctantly consented to his going,
and decided to start at once.

  “But let’s go out first and see if it is raining,” Mildred
said.

  They stepped into a fine mist that trickled off the back
of The Pioneer in apologetic globules. Going over to
The Crescent City, they found most of the Earthians
gathered round it, reveling in the moisture like children
in a summer shower.

CHAPTER XXIII

The Dorfels

THE mist was turning into a light drizzle when
Ernest and his companions left Tycho, and the
Earthians who had gathered around The Pioneer to
bid them well were soon lost in the blur.

  “I would rather have waited until the rain was over,”
Ernest said, “but we haven’t a minute to lose. I think
I’ll go above the clouds to get into the sunlight. The
clouds are low, and we should be able to see the peaks
above them.”

  He tilted the ship sharply upward and they soon were
flying over a shoreless sea of whirling v^por.

  “Take your binoculars and look out for the mountains,
Professor,” Ernest said, after a while. “I think we’re
headed straight for the Dorfels, but the higher sum-
mits of the Liebnitz chain may come into view first.
They should appear to the left of us, near the south
pole.”

  The pale bulk of Terra, blotting out much of the sky,
seemed menacingly near in the bright sunlight of the
high altitude, and Mildred was filled with nostalgic
yearning as she viewed it.

  “How near is the earth now?” she asked.

  “About forty-seven thousand miles,” Ernest informed.
“The moon has slowed down greatly since we landed,
and will continue to do so until it comes to a full stop,
about twenty-five thousand miles from Earth. That is
only an estimate, of course. It may stop at thirty thou-
sand, but I think my calculation is about correct. To-
ward the last it will advance less than a hundred miles
a day, and that means it will be at least a month before
it pauses.”

  “And if it doesn’t pause?” Professor Burke queried
gloomily. “We have no guaranty it will, remember.”

  “I’ll admit it’s not in the contract,” Ernest replied,
“but I’m sure it will. Otherwise, we’ll return home in
a hurry.”

  “Remarkable!” Burke grunted. “And if we do, the
resultant crash will hold no terrors for me. The spirit
of that infernal fetish is calling for me, I tell you."

  “For God’s sake, don’t talk like that!” Ernest pro-
tested. "You’ll give us the megrims. I predict we will
not only return from the caves, but will get back to
Earth safely. Cheer him up, Mildred. Suppose you get
my telescope and look at the earth, Professor. 'Maybe
you and Mildred can see what’s going on up there.”

  The Professor laughed dryly. “A clever ruse to make
me forget. Of course we can’t see what’s happening
on Earth with the sun shining full against it, while it
is broad daylight on the moon. It’s almost as pale as
During the last fifty thousand years of their tribulation, however,
they underwont a pronounced physical metamorphosis, due to
climatic and atmospheric changes.

AMAZING STORIES

the ‘day’ moon used to appear from Earth. But we’ll
look, just the same.”

  And then, his voice carrying sadness and hurt: “I
know I’m not myself, Ernest, and I wish I could snap
out of it. I’ve never felt this way before.”

  He went to Ernest’s compartment and returned with
the small telescope. “Well, perhaps we shall return to
Terra some day,” he muttered as he turned the instru-
ment to a window facing the planet, “but my motto is,
‘never expect anything and you won’t be disappointed.’
You look first, Mildred.”

  “It looks like bronze, and it’s so big I can’t see all of
it,” the girl announced after a minute’s study. “But
I think I can see markings on it. It looks cracked.”
“It’s cracked, all right, and always was,” the Pro-
fessor fulminated after a brief glance through the
tube.

  “That means it hasn’t become a solid ball of ice, and
that there is hope,” Ernest commented. “Its breakneck
velocity is keeping the ice moving. It’s a glacial age
such as the globe has never known. I want to study
it by night, the first chance I get.”

  Tycho was an hour behind them when the forbidding
Liebnitz peaks hove into view, and a few minutes later
Mildred, using the Professor’s binoculars, announced
the sight of the Dorfels.

  Ernest nosed the plane downward. “We’d better get
back under the clouds so we can be on the watch for the
caves,” he explained. "They may be on the other side
of the range, you know. And besides, I don’t care to
risk running into the lower peaks.”

  The rain was reverting to mist when they emerged
from the clouds. Beneath them lay a plain of the same
sandy formation as that round Reaumur. No moun-
tains were in sight.

  “The Dorfels are about two hundred miles distant, I
think,” Ernest said, “and unless the mist disappears we
may not be able to see them until we are nearly on them.
We’ll have to go slow, as there may be foothills. Keep
a sharp watch for them.”

  Mildred, still using the Professor’s glasses, soon
announced the appearance of miniature craters, and
after they had loitered along about fifty more miles,
the ramparts of a great pit became visible.

  “It’s Bailly, no doubt,” Ernest said. "Suppose you
hand the glasses to Professor Burke; he may want to
inspect the crater as we pass over.”

  “Yes, it may be my only opportunity,” the Professor
lamented. More cheerfully: "The mountains are just
on the other side, aren’t they?”

  “About seventy miles beyond, I should say,” Ernest
replied, remarking the forced buoyancy of the query.
“We could see them now, but for the mist."

  The moonscape became slaty and sloping as they neared
the crater.

  Bailly proved to be even shallower than Professor
Burke had anticipated. The ramparts of the great ob-
long bowl were not more than four thousand feet high
and were pierced at the base by water bores to drain
the surrounding lowlands. And when The Pioneer had
topped the ramparts and dropped to a lower level, its
occupants found that the interior of the pit was con-
spicuously different from that of Tycho. Instead of
the tunnels ending at the inside rim, they continued, in
the form of aqueducts, for several miles, resting on
arches built over a bed of lava-like rock so porous that
its fissures overlapped.

  "It looks like petrified sponge,” Professor Burke sub-
mitted. “It is evident that the holes were made by
escaping gas, and I’m satisfied the craters were formed
THE MOON OF DOOM

33

by huge bubbles. But if Bailly was used as a reservoir,
why wasn’t its bottom cemented like that of Tycho?”

  Ernest could offer no explanation.

  “I see!” the Professor exclaimed upon turning his
glasses toward the center of the basin. “Only the deep-
est part is cemented—out there where the aqueducts end.
And there are no feeders coming in from the other
side.”

  The center of Bailly was found to be a depression some
twelve miles in diameter, forming a great bowl which
evidently had been enlarged and deepened by the Moon-
men, and into which the connecting aqueducts once
poured their precious burden. The basin was so smooth-
ly plastered that it seemed enameled, and at its bottom,
forming a semi-circle on the side nearest the Dorfels,
was a row of openings which they took to be the mouths
of water mains leading to the mountains.

  "Look!” cried Professor Burke, pointing toward the
deepest part of the bowl. “Look!”

  Water—a tiny pool of it—was there.

  The Pioneer was over the farther ramparts when
Mildred espied the peaks of the Dorfels. The mist was
vanishing and the clouds beginning to rift.

  The Dorfels were downhill from Bailly, the declension
starting just beyond the crater’s rim and becoming more
pronounced each mile. No pressure had been needed to
carry the water to the sub-montane dwellings.

  The mountains rose sheer from the foot of the decline,
presenting an almost perpendicular cliff similar to the
wall of Mount Hadley.

  Ernest first sighted the Dorfel caves, and almost
simultaneously Mildred called attention to the crumbled
ruins of several buildings some three miles in front of
the mountains.

  The caves dotted the base of the cliff its entire length,
a distance of several miles. Most of the openings were
uniformly small and square, but near the center of the
row yawned a relatively large circular aperture. It
was toward this opening that Ernest aimed the plane.

  “I’d like to detour and explore the ruins,” he said,
“but we’ll leave that for another day.”

  The Pioneer came to rest about a hundred yards from
the big cave. Professor Burke hurried out and was
the first to reach the entrance.

  “Just as I thought,” he said when his companions
joined him. “The inscriptions say that this is the cave
of the mighty He-She—the place of the sacrifice. Let’s
hurry and explore the other caves—I want to make the
acquaintance of the lunar god.”

  “Well, let’s go back to the plane and get our pocket
atolights,” Ernest proposed. “And we’ll signal the folks
at Tycho that we have found the caves. I guess they
think it's about time they should hear from us.”

  But two hours were to pass before they entered the
caverns. Just as they reached The Pioneer a great dark-
ness descended. Monstrous Earth was coming between
the satellite and the sun.

CHAPTER XXIV
Trapped

“I? IVE more planes and one atoliner have arrived.

  |H The liner is from Buenos Aires, and brings sixty
       passengers.”

  Captain Ellington’s voice came faintly, the eclipse
affecting the radio. Ernest had signaled him immedi-
ately upon returning to The Pioneer, telling him of the
discovery of the caves.

  “The liner is The Pinzona and is commanded by Senor
Ricardo Castello,” Ellington continued. “Three of the
planes are from the United States. The first to reach
Tycho brought Governor Teale of California and his
party. Hogrefe, the Detroiter, and Eckhoff, the Ger-
man. both of whom were signaled by Harveston last

night, were next in order, having met en route. The
atoliner came in a few minutes later, followed by a ship
from Augusta, Georgia, bringing a lawyer named Wright
and his family. The last plane to arrive before the
darkness fell is from Switzerland, and brings a young
man named Ferrier and several children refugees he
picked up in the Alps. The voyagers were widely scat-
tered, and most of them had been on the moon many
hours. We have swept the moon at every wave length
and communicated with eleven other planes from almost
as many countries. President Carmonne of France is
in one of them. The eclipse is delaying them, but all
should be here by the time you return.”

  A running conversation in which Ernest gave further
directions as to the flight to the caves continued until
The Pioneer was 110 longer in the shadow of the earth.

  “Goodbye,” Ernest then called, “we are leaving to ex-
plore the caves.”

  “Good luck,” Ellington returned. “It’s still dark here.”

  The sun was shining brightly when they left the
plane, the last veils of mist having vanished during the
eclipse.

  “Which cave shall we explore first?” Mildred asked
when they again stood before the gaping abode of the
moon fetish.

  “We’ll let Professor Burke decide, provided he doesn’t
insist on the cave of He-She,” Ernest answered. “Come
on, Professor.” He had stopped in front of the idol’s
abode and was studying the inscriptions as if glued to
the spot. “Come on and read what’s written round some
of the other doors so we will know when we have reached
our future apartments. Suppose we investigate the row
to the left of us first.”

  “Well, look what’s here!” the Professor ejaculated
when they reached the next aperture. “Ernest, there’s
wealth in there that would make a Croesus of each of us.
This particular hole-in-the-wall houses the precious
stones that the Lunarians fetched from far and near to
place near their god. I don’t know what kind of stones
are in there, but I’ll wager there are loads of diamonds.”

  “Perhaps we’ll find time to explore it before we leave,”
Ernest said, moving on.

  The writing round the next entrance advertised it as
the sanctum of one of the high priests of He-She.

  “Just as I expected,” Burke growled, “and I predict
there’s a long row of them before we come to the
humble domiciles of the laity. The blackcoats have
always monopolized protection of the gods, and gained
protection thereby. The carving round this cave says
that it was the business of its occupant to see that He-
She was not mocked, and—say, Ernest, haven’t you
noticed anything peculiar about the formation of this
cliff? No? Well, what do you say to this?” He pointed
to one of many yellow veins with which the rock was in-
terstratified. “It’s gold! The mountains are full of
it!”

  “It looks like gold, all right, but are you sure?”

  “I’ll stake my reputation on it. The writing on Mount
Hadley told of a soft, abundant ore which the Lunarians
had learned to harden and put to practical uses. Most
of their tools and household fixtures were made of it.
Why this is a golden world! No wonder the Cosmic
Architect put a great void between it and Earth. Else,
the moon would have been carted away by this time.
And I’ll wager that some of those back at Tycho will
try to mine the gold, and rob the caves of their dia-
monds.”

  “Well, I have always said the moon was golden, de-
spite what the poets sang,” Mildred sparkled.

  “But we may find plenty of silver, too,” Ernest
laughed.

  “See, the veins are everywhere,” the Professor con-
tinued as they moved to the next opening. “I wonder
how the Moonmen tempered the stuff. I must find out,
34

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

if it’s my last discovery. I think I’ll ask He-She, when
I’m being devoured.”

  The next five caves were those of priests of lesser
ranks, and then they came to a somewhat larger door
round which were hundreds of hieroglyphics.

  "It’s the door of death,” the Professor announced
dramatically after a brief scrutiny. “We are now at
the entrance of the lunar catacombs. It was here that
the dead of the cave city were brought. The inscrip-
tions say that the ‘hall’ extends nearly a mile and leads
to a labyrinth of larger cavities which constituted the
catacombs. I wonder if the Moonmen were embalmers.
The writings are not clear on that point. And if they
were, it is likely that their frail bodies returned to dust
hundreds of centuries ago. Do you want to go in and
explore the tombs, Mildred ?”

  The girl shuddered. “I’m too imaginative to go in
there, even if we had time. I’d be seeing wraiths every-
where.”

   “Well, here we are,” the Professor apprised at the next
opening, which was some distance from the door of the
necropolis. “This is the beginning of the Moonmen’s
habitations. Shall we go in?”

  Ernest suggested that they go farther down the
“street” to ascertain its probable length.

  “A good idea. It’s a pity the doors aren’t num-
bered so we could learn what block we're on.” The
Professor seemed to have emerged from his doldrums.

   “The inscriptions deal principally with the names of
the occupants,” the Professor imparted as they moved
on, pausing at each door. “The names are meaningless.
I can’t translate them into words we might pronounce.”
"Since it appears that the caves continue indefinitely,
suppose we go no farther,” Ernest proposed when they
were nearly a mile from their starting point. "It is
certain there is room for all the Earthians likely to
reach the moon. This cave looks as good as any, and
if the Professor is willing, we’ll go in and look it over
and then hurry back to the plane.”

  They flashed their lights and entered the darkness,
the Professor leading and Ernest holding Mildred’s
hand. The strong shafts of light danced feebly, eerily,
in the forbidding gloom ahead. The shadows moved
like animate things, like sullen and sinister entities, rue-
ful, resentful, malignant.

  Stepping slowly and cautiously, the explorers swept
the interior with their atolights until the rebellious
shadows were dispersed enough to reveal a circular
chamber some eighty feet in diameter whose vaulted
top and smooth walls attested lunar artisanry. Hun-
dreds of inscriptions and numerous drawings were cut
into the rock, and many large strata of the yellow ore
came into view.

   “This was a sort of parlor where they gathered during
the warmer part of the day,” Professor Burke observed.
“Let’s look for the outlet—I mean the entrance to their
living quarters. I should say—say, what’s this!”

   His foot had struck something that emitted a metallic
ring. He focused his light on the object as his com-
panions drew nearer.

   “It’s a table—no, it’s a sort of seat. And look—it’s
made of tempered gold!”

   It was a narrow bench similar in construction to those
they had known on Earth except that its legs were longer.
It was lying on its side.

   The Professor bent over it for a closer examination.
“It’s gold, all right,” he confirmed, “and I suppose
there’s more of them lying round. We’ll have to be care-
ful.”

Mildred made the next discovery. “Look! There it
is! Turn your lights on the farther side of the wall!”
The three rays disclosed a passage that led toward the
bowels of the mountains—a square tunnel which seemed
to hold the pent-up darkness of a thousand Hades—

a blackness which the powerful atolights pierced, but
failed to diffuse.

   “Must we really go in?” Mildred asked apprehensively.
Her imagination pictured the darkness as that of Erebus
itself, and she fancied she could hear the lamentations
of the lost as they trod down the dusky aisle into eternal
night.

   “Don’t be afraid, little girl,” Professor Burke said
gently. “There’s nothing to harm us. The darkness
cannot kill.”

   “I don’t think there is any danger,” Ernest reassured,
“but if you wish, you can remain at the door until the
Professor and I return. We won’t be gone long.”

  “Oh, no,” Mildred protested. “What if you should
get lost in there? I was a little nervous, but I’m quite
all right now. I insist on going.”

  Holding hands, they made their way to the passage
and entered cautiously. Their atolights illuminated their
path only a few feet.

  “Well, the floor seems solid enough,” the Professor
remarked. It was scarcely more than a whisper, but
echoes, wakened from their eon of sleep, reverberated
ominously and boomed back the words.

   “And so do the walls,” Ernest observed after they had
gone a goodly distance. “The Lunarians were adept
burrowers, at least.”

  They were fully a quarter of a mile from the en-
trance when they came upon long rows of slabbed doors
which extended on either side of the hall as far as they
could see. The slabs were covered with inscriptions.

  “Well, here are the Moonmen’s apartments,” the Pro-
fessor announced. “Shall we go in?”

“But the doors appear to be sealed,” Ernest remarked.
“I don’t think so. I daresay the slabs are on hinges,
and open from the inside. The Moonmen had to shut
out the cold, you know. Let’s push against this one.”
“They’re on hinges, all right,” the Professor attested
as the door yielded to their united strength. “Look out!”
The stone gave way and fell inside with a terrific
thud that brought to life a thousand yowling echoes. A
tomb-like odor, almost malefic, smote them'.

  “Just a3 I suspected,” Burke drawled. "The Moon-
men didn’t have sense enough to invent hinges.”

  He pointed his atolight into the room. The black-
ness was all but solid.

  “Well, we won’t go in there for a while,” he said.
“Let’s go farther down the hall—maybe we’ll find an
open door and the air will be less malodorous.”

   Such an aperture soon came into view.

   “I guess we’ll be safe in this one,” the Professor ven-
tured. “There’s quite a draft in the hall, if you have
noticed, and this room should be well ventilated by
this time. Ready to go in?”

   Still holding hands, they flashed their lights through
the opening and stepped inside.

  A square chamber, not more than forty feet across,
was revealed as the light swept its walls. In one cor-
ner they discerned an object that looked like a long
cot, and near it were two small benches. In the center
of each wall was a passage hewn through the rock,
like the entrance.

   “A regular room, if it had windows,” Ernest observed.
“What is that protruding from the wall over there?”
“A water pipe, I’ll wager,” the Professor said. “Let’s
go over and see.”

   “Correct again,” he certified upon examining the pro-
jection. “And look under it—there’s the basin that
caught the water as it trickled in from the crater.” He
pointed to a cup-shaped excavation in the floor. “Rather
crude plumbing, but it served the purpose, no doubt.
Well, let’s explore the adjoining rooms.”

They passed through the door to their left and found
themselves in a room similar to the one behind them.
“All of the rooms seem to connect,” Ernest com-
THE MOON OF DOOM

35

mented, noting the doors that led to still other apart-
ments.

  “Yes, ‘connecting rooms but no bath,’ as it were,
unless they bathed in their drinking water,” the Pro-
fessor chuckled. “Well, what do you say about return-
ing to the plane? There seems to be an abundance of
rooms, and our heat and light can make them fairly
comfortable. And the ventilation won’t be such a prob-
lem, with each room opening into another. The Moon-
men were not so dumb, after all.”

  “Wait just a minute," Mildred said as they were
about to go. “There’s one of those strange beds over
there in the corner, and I think there are diamonds on
it. I saw something flash as I turned my light there a
moment ago.”

  “Mildred, this was the death-bed of some poor Moon-
woman who must have perished in the last days, when
the living were unable to bury the dead,” the Professor
whispered as they leaned over the dusty slab of the cot.
“See, there are two armlets and two anklets, set with
precious stones, lying in the dust they once adorned.
Do you care to examine them?”

  “I wouldn’t touch them for worlds,” the girl shud-
dered. “Let’s go.”

  “Ernest, let’s peep into the cave of He-She before
we leave,” the Professor pleaded when they were again
in the sunlight. “It won't take but a minute or two,
and Pm sure we can spare the time.”

  Ernest wanted to demur, but yielded to his compan-
ion’s entreating tone.

  “It won’t take but a minute or two,” Burke repeated
as thev prepared to enter the cave. “Are you afraid,
Mildred?”

  “No, Professor, I’m almost as eager as you to see
what the thing looks like.”

  They stepped inside and found themselves facing a
stone wall only a few feet from the entrance. A square
door yawned in its center.

  “We’ll see it through,” Ernest answered the Profes-
sor’s questioning look.

  They felt the tingle of eerie adventure as their next
step took them through the opening and they flashed
their lights into the inner darkness.

  “There it is!” Mildred cried. “I can see its blazing
eyes! Turn your lights on them!”

  He-She, in all its hypnotic hideousness, leered from
its throne in the deeper shadows as the light fell full
on its fantastic face.

  And then a thunderous thud sounded behind them.
The light from the entrance went out. The door—
where was it?

  They were trapped!

CHAPTER XXV
He-She

STARTLED and stunned, it was some moments be-
fore the prisoners grasped the gravity of their
plight.

  Professor Burke’s voice broke the solemn silence.
“Snared!” he fairly bellowed. “Caged like rats!
Ernest, I told you that devil would get me, but I didn't
think you and Mildred were to suffer. And it’s all my
fault—my fault. Trapped—to die like beasts! There
is no hope!”

  “Don’t say that. Professor,” Ernest put in with forced
cheerfulness. “It’s not so bad as that. We’ll get out
of here all right, won’t we, Mildred?” The girl was
clinging to his arm. “Let's examine the door, Pro-
fessor; maybe it’s only a rock that has fallen and we
can push it away.”

  “That damned demon did it, I tell you,” Burke
vociferated as they turned their lights toward the erst-

while opening. “Well, what do you know about that!
It’s the work of fiends!”

  It was no stone that barred their exit. What they
saw was a ponderous metal slab wedged firmly in its
enclosure.

  "Look, the jambs are grooved,” Ernest pointed out.
“It’s plain that the slab operates like a window sash,
but what caused it to fall?”

  “He-She alone can answer that,” the Professor mum-
bled. “What concerns us now is what will cause it to
rise.” He pounded the door with his fist and gave it
a lusty kick. "It’s at least a foot thick and made of

tempered gold. If we had a crowbar-”

  “Our atorays would make short work of it, if I hadn’t
been so stupid as to leave them in the plane,” Ernest
deplored. “We should never have entered the caves
without them. And I also am to blame for failing to
bring a pocket radio set. My negligence is inexcusable,
Professor; I feel like kicking myself.”

  “No, Ernest, I’m the fool—a thousand of them. It is
my fault alone that we’re in here—in to stay.”

  “Please don’t give up hope so soon,” Mildred spoke
up. “There may be another exit. I’m sure we shall
get out, somehow.”

  "Of course we shall escape,” Ernest reassured. “Sup-
pose we see what our prison looks like.”

  Turning and facing the idol, they scattered their ato-
light until the chamber was dimly illumined from wall
to wall.

  The room was square, and about thirty feet across.
Its roof was high and convex, with a few narrow
ventilation slits near the top. Three of its walls were
roughly finished, but the one to the left of the entrance
was smooth and bore many inscriptions. The floor was
made of large stone blocks, closely fitted. A small bench
in one corner was the only furnishing.

  The prisoners gave only passing attention to these
details—they found it impossible to keep their gaze off
the grotesque figure of the moon god.

  The uncouth form of He-She occupied a throne-like
Structure that rested against the center of the back
wall. The monster was about twelve feet high in its
sitting posture, and was made of stone and tempered
gold, with many-faceted eyes of enormous diamonds, like
those of its bas-relief replica on Mount Hadley. Its
head, body and legs were stone, its arms gold; and in
its lap, clutched between its massive knees, was a huge
golden bowl above which, poised menacingly, was a great
block of yellow metal gripped in its scaly hands. The
arms were jointed and apparently movable.

  The Thing’s face was even more repulsive than that
of its Mount Hadley likeness. Diabolic beyond descrip-
tion were its misshapen head, its hellish leer, its ghoul-
ish mouth.

  But fascinating as the eyes of a monster serpent were
the great orbs of He-She!

  In the weird glow that fell upon them they danced
with a radiance at once beautiful and baneful, corrus-
cating the primal colors in dazzling, terrible splendor.

  And when the Earthians, unconsciously drawing nearer
under the charm of the fetish, focused their rays on its
hideous head, the brilliance was blinding.

  “How terribly beautiful!” Mildred at length found
voice to exclaim.

  “Yes, some of those diamonds are as big as goose
eggs,” Professor Burke remarked prosaically.

  The spell broken, Ernest proposed that they search
for a possible exit.

  Hopefully the quest began; hopelessly it ended. Con-
vinced they were walled in on three sides by solid moun-
tain and on the other by an immovable barrier, they
felt the helplessness that precedes blank despair as they
made their way back to the golden closure.

  Standing again in front of the wedged slab, Pro-
36

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

fcssor Burke turned the light on the floor at his feet.

  "So that’s the way the trap works!” he ejaculated.
"Now if we only could raise this block—but we haven’t
even a penknife."

  "What is it, Professor?” his companions asked in
eager unison.

  "Well, this block rests on some kind of springs or
levers—I felt them give beneath my weight—and that
explains why the sash fell when we stepped inside.”

  “Let’s see.” Ernest stepped on the stone and felt it
give fractionally beneath the added weight.

  “Now watch it rise,” the Professor said as they stepped
off.

  The block sprang up to its level.

  “Springs,” Burke confirmed. “And I suppose they
are about as strong as when they trapped the last
Moonman, due to the absence of moisture. Ernest, let's
go over to the lettered wall and see what it has to tell
us. You and Mildred can hold your lights on it while
I decipher the writing.”

  With many an astute squint and enigmatic grunt, he
studied the characters one by one, and then reviewed
them before imparting his interpretation.

  “It’s a story that would make the priests of Moloch
shed pity’s tears,” he began. “Of all the Satanic machi-
nations ever evolved in the name of religion, this is
probably the most diabolic. It is difficult to conceive of
a more execrable creed, except the earthly doctrine of
eternal torture.

  “As I have said, He-She was the god—or devil—of
sacrifice. The belief that the gods love blood seems to
have prevailed here as it did in nearly all primitive
religions of Earth. Well, He-She must have had its
fill.

  “I believe it was Roosevelt who said that only those
are fit to live who do not fear to die. It seems that
the Lunarians reversed this axiom.

  “It is incredible, but the inscriptions say that the
Moonmen sacrificed half of their numbers to their god,
generation after generation.

  “The monster in this cave was only one of many
such idols. There was at least one in every sub-montane
settlement, and before the Moonmen became cave-dwell-
ers, they housed them in temples on the plains.

  “They held that death was desirable above all things,
in that it led to eternal rapture. They were taught to
pray for death, not life. This belief would have led to
universal extermination but for a priestly pronuncia-
mento against suicide which branded it as the supreme
cowardice, and cowardice was the unpardonable sin.
The memory of every suicide was anathematized, and the
fact that the Lunarians were devout ancestor worship-
pers almost wholly restrained self-murder. Many of these
inscriptions are denunciatory of the felo-de-se, but it
seems that the suicide was not barred from the joys
of the after-life because of his act.

  "The sacrificial phase of their religion was based on
a perverted conception of vicariousness. They believed
that the virtues of those who gave their lives to their
god were transferred to the living. They regarded the
victims of He-She as sacrifices, yet abhorred their mem-
ory. Their praise was reserved for the beneficiaries of
the immolations.

  “Upon reaching the marriageable age the sexes were
paired apart and cast into the cave of He-She—two
youths one time, two maidens another. One must die
that the other might live. The survivors were regarded
as having proved, through their victory over the suicidal
urge, their worthiness to perpetuate the race, and at the
same time to have received the perfections, and none
of the weaknesses, of the deceased. This shows that
the Moonmen’s metaphysical reasoning was about as
abstruse as the earthly brand of only a few decades ago.

  “Those who embraced the death that dwelt in the lap

of He-She were pounded to a pulp by the great pestle in
the idol’s hands. The superstitious masses actually be-
lieved that the fetish was alive. It was the creation of
a fiendish mechanical ingenuity which seems to have
been peculiar to the priestcraft.

  “The writings do not explain the mechanism of the
monster, but I think I can describe it. It is probable
that the bottom of the bowl, or mortar into which the
unfortunates climbed was adjustable, and that pressure
on it released a sort of mainspring connected with the
idol’s arms, causing them to churn the pestle violently,
and that another arrangement, operated in turn by the
pestle’s motion, turned a rod that ran under the floor to
the trapdoor where it released a catch and caused the
sash to rise. Thus the death of one prisoner provided
escape for the other. And the priests then reset the
trap.

  “The Lunarians fashioned the eyes of He-She out of
their largest diamonds—diamonds many times the size
of any ever seen on Earth. The flashing orbs were sup-
posed to hypnotize as well as terrify.

  “Well, that’s the story of He-She. It means that two
of us may escape through the immolation of the other.”
He paused, and when he spoke again his voice was
vibrant with emotion:

  “The long night will soon be here, and even these
thick walls cannot- forfend us against the killing cold.
I am ready to make the sacrifice, to gladly die the death
while there yet is time for you to reach the plain before
the darkness comes.”

  Before his dazed companions could cry their protest,
another voice was heard. A prolonged moan and then a
swelling threnody; a blasphemous ululation and then
a horripilating hissing; a gloating, ghoulish shriek . . .
and then a dirge of death.

  The sinister sounds were coming from the murderous
mouth of He-She!

CHAPTER XXVI
Sacrifice

EXPERIENCING cold fear for the first time in her
life, Mildred screamed and grasped Ernest’s arm.
Ernest himself was aghast, and involuntarily re-
coiled. Professor Burke, though visibly startled, intrep-
idly stood his ground and finally waxed pugnacious.

  "Wail on and do your worst!” he defied, shaking his
fist at the screaming god whose snarl all but drowned his
shout. “Do you think we are children, to be frightened
by mere sounds?”

  As if in answer to his challenge, He-She uttered a
shriek at once derisive and truculent.

  “Ah, I have it!” the Professor exclaimed. “Just as I
suspected!” He cupped an ear.

  “I should have guessed it at first,” he laughed, turning
to his companions. “It’s nothing but the wind. An old
trick—the Egyptians employed it in a similar way. The
lunar high priests knew something about acoustics, it
seems. They ran pipes from the outside to the demon’s
throat. They’re not visible, of course—probably run un-
der the floor and up through the idol’s body. The wind is
rising outside, and that explains the noise.”

  “My, what a scare!” Mildred sighed. “It’s hard to be-
lieve the thing isn’t alive.”

  “Professor, I didn’t believe the Moonmen were so
clever,” Ernest remarked.

  “And neither did I, until we entered this infernal place.
It was a devilish ingenuity, and, as I have said, was
probably the exclusive property of the priestcraft. They
had to perform their miracles, you know. Listen to that
wail—there must be quite a storm. How long have we
been in here, Ernest?"

  “Nearly three hours.”

  “And how close is Earth?”
THE MOON OF DOOM

37

  "About forty-five thousand miles, I should say.”

  “Well, that means about twent-four hours of night
ahead of us—and it’s dark as night now in here. With
the bodies separated by forty thousand miles—I figured
it out on the way from Tycho—the time from each new
moon to the next would be about 1,883 days, and the
length of the moon’s day and night combined would be
equal to the interval from new moon to new moon. We
can’t hope to survive the night without fire. It means
the death of all of us unless the fetish is placated. And
that’s what I’m going to do—you mustn’t stop me, Ernest.
You and Mildred must hurry to the plane.”

  "My God, Professor, you can’t mean it!” Ernest cried.
“You don’t know what you’re saying!”

  “Please, please don’t say that again," Mildred pleaded
in horror. “You mustn’t think of doing that. I’m sure
all of us shall get out alive, but I’d rather we perish to-
gether than for you to go that way. There is always
hope, and who knows but that our friends from Tycho
are already outside, looking for us.”

  “There is no hope,” their'companion despaired, avoid-
ing the girl’s frightened gaze. "There is but one way—

a sacrifice. He-She beckons, and I-”

  "I say you shall not;” Ernest burst out peremptorily.
“I shall overpower you if you attempt it. I would gladly
die myself, Professor, to save you and Mildred. That
such a sacrifice would cause the door to rise is largely
conjecture. Is it not likely that the mechanism would
fail to respond after so long a time? And don’t you
realize that the shock of your sacrifice might kill Mil-
dred?”

  His voice softened as he continued: “You are not your-
self just now, old pal. Let’s wait and try to find some
other way. Something tells me everything, will come out
all right.”

  Professor Burke laid his hand on Ernest’s shoulder and
spoke in a fatherly tone: “Perhaps I have given up hope
too soon, my boy. Perhaps the feeling that I must die
to save you two is but a vagary of a man who is growing
old. But I feel that I’m to blame for your being here,
and I would die a thousand deaths to undo my folly. I
can’t help looking the facts in the face, Ernest. It’s al-
ready getting chilly in here, and we cannot hope to live
through the night. And it would probably be eternal
night for us, even if we survived the cold. I see little
hope that the people from Tycho will find us. We have
no food, no water. I cannot let you and Mildred suffer.
But we shall again try to find a way out. If we could find

anything to burn we might-”

  “Oh, Professor!” Mildred cried excitedly. “I’m sure I
saw a black seam somewhere in here that looked like coal.
It’s near the idol, I think.”

  Feverishly they began the search, hoping against hope.
First they scanned the wall to the left of the god. Stratum
of gold here and there—only mocking gold. Silently,
tensely, their hearts beating a tat-too they could hear
above the abated hissing of He-She, they moved on to
the other side of the idol and resumed their quest.

  “Here it is! Here it is!” Mildred exulted, flashing
her light on a dark streak near the bottom of the wall.

  Professor Burke dropped to his knees for a closer scrut-
iny. About a foot of the seam showed above the floor for
some three yards. He passed his hand over its smooth
surface and then scratched it with his nails, collecting a
pinch of dust in his palm.

   “It looks like coal, but we mustn’t rejoice too soon,” he
said, after a minute that seemed an eternity. “Wait until
we get some of it out and see if it will burn. Confound
it, Ernest, I guess we’ll have to dig it out with our hands.”
“I’ve got it!” the younger man flashed after a perplexed
moment. “We’ll wrest a leg from the bench in the comer
and use it as & pry.”

  The supports of the bench proved to be made of tem-

pered gold, and after much twisting and pulling, they re-
moved one of them.

  It took them but a brief space to loosen several lumps
of the soft mineral. And then they stood staring at it
blankly . . . Fuel, but no way to kindle it!

  In vain the two men searched their pockets for paper;
futiley they struck match after match and held them to
the finer particles. The stuff glowed, but would not
flame.

  Ernest rose suddenly and doffed his coat.

“I’m going to use it for kindling,” he explained.
“Shed yours, too, Professor. Perhaps they’ll burn enough
to light the smaller lumps. It’s certainly worth trying.”
“I’ll contribute my hat!” Mildred fluttered. It’s flimsy
enough to burn readily.”

  “Well, we’ll light it first,” Ernest accepted, and pro-
ceeded to make the attempt. “Hold up the coats, Pro-
fessor, and I’ll use the hat as a flare.”

  Joyfully they beheld the spurt of flame cling to the
woolen garments. Ernest then took the coats, laid them
on the floor and put several small lumps of the mineral
on top.

  In excruciating suspense they watched the flames dally
with the bits of black. And when the lumps at last be-
gan to blaze, it seemed they were witnessing the miracle
of fire for the first time.

  “It’s bituminous,” the Professor rejoiced as Ernest
consigned larger chunks to the fire. “The inscriptions
on Mount Hadley said something about the Moonmen
getting their fuel from the mountains, but I had no
idea it was real coal.”

  They seated themselves close to the blaze and reveled
in its genial warmth. Compared with their staid ato-
heaters, an open fire suddenly seemed a wonderful thing.

  They grew reminiscent under the spell of the glowing
embers and talked of many things. They agreed that
their life on Earth now seemed a separate existence, a
sort of vivid dream. Their present state was even more
unreal. Had they dreamed the flight through space, or
were they dreaming now?

  At length they became aware that He-She had ceased
its dissonance. Thirst and incipient hunger reminded
them they had been in the cave several hours. The
feeble light from the rifts in the roof was no longer
visible, and they knew that it was night.

  The realization caused Professor Burke to relapse into
despondency. For several minutes he sat smoking his
pipe in silence, staring dejectedly into the coals, his
face funereal as the surrounding gloom.

  And when he raised his head and spoke his voice was
heavy with hopelessness.

  "We have cheated the cold only to perish more miser-
ably. And I could have saved both of you by giving
my worthless life.

  “Life,” he continued with a philosophical turn, "what
is it, after all? I often recall Robert Ingersoll’s death-
less words:

     ‘Life is a narrow vale between the cold and bar-
  ren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to
  look beyond the heights. We call aloud, and the
  only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From
  the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes
  no word, but in the night of death, hope sees a star
  and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.’

  “Love. I know it seems incongruous for me to even
speak the word. The world has always regarded me as a
cold, selfish old misanthrope incapable of sentiment. But
I am now face to face with love. It is of your love for
each other that I speak. I guessed your secret—if
secret it is—long ago. And since we have been together
I have come to love both of you as though you were my
own children. You have filled a great void in my life.’1
38

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

"That damned demon did it, I tell you,”

  “Oh, Professor!” Mildred cried. “You mustn't talk of
leaving us. We will find some way to escape, and you
shall return to Earth with us.”

  "Maybe so, maybe so,” he soothed. "Now I am going
to lie down by the fire and seek the oblivion of sleep.”
The long night wore on. Ernest and Mildred sat
close to the coals and talked of everything except their
growing thirst and hunger, and the fact that the smoke
was slowly filling the chamber.

  At length they talked of love, and Ernest pressed her
to his breast for the first time. “My Moon Girl,” he
whispered.

  “IIow long have you loved me?” the girl asked trem-
ulously.

  “Since that day at the seashore when you stood on
the rock and defied the storm.”

  “I guessed it, even then,” she murmured, and rested
her head on his shoulder.

  The Professor slept fitfully, and once his companions
caught the mumbled words: “Listening love can hear
the rustle of a wing.”

  The fateful hours dragged by. Ernest tried to keep
Mildred from thinking of their plight by celling her
over and over of his devotion. Occasionally he rose and
put more coal on the fire.

  After several hours Professor Burke woke in a frenzy
of excitement and bounced to his feet with a shout of
triumph.

  “We shall be saved!” he cried to his astonished com-
panions. "I have a plan—it came to me as I woke. I
was a fool not to think of it before.

  His voice broke, and there was infinite sadness in
it when he resumed:

  “Something—call it anything you wish—tells me I
shall never leave this cave alive, but I fancy I can see
you two going down the years hand in hand, back on
Earth."
THE MOON OF DOOM

39

  “Listen!” he continued before the pair could find
speech. “Our friends from Tycho will start out to look
for us as soon as it is light. Our plane, parked out
there in the open, can be seen for miles, and they are
certain to find it. Then they’ll begin to search the
caves for us. The entrance to the home of He-She will
attract them as it did us. But how are we to signal
them? There is but one way, and I have found it. As
soon as morning comes we will take the bench leg and
begin beating on the door incessantly until they hear
us. Their atorays will then get us out in a jiffy.

  “The night is about twelve hours old—half gone. We
can see it through without much suffering. Now you
children go to sleep and forget your troubles. You were
right, Mildred—I shall live to laugh at the monster and
return to Earth with you!”

  Ernest felt that his friend’s elation lacked sincerity,
but recognized the plan as their only hope and wondered
why he had not thought of it.

  “Mildred told you we would find a way, Professor,”
he enthused, and turned to the girl whose eyes were
sparkling with joy. “The Professor bids us sleep.
Shall we obey?”

“I was never more awake, and Pm not so thirsty,”
Mildred replied. “I want to stay up as long as I can.”
So the three of them sat down again and talked of
many things—but not of the smoke that was slowly but
surely filling the chamber.

THE long night wore on. They talked until thirst
parched their tongues and the smoke became almost
unbearable. And then they sat staring vacantly into the
fire, thinking thoughts they dared not utter. . . . And
the dreadful night wore on.

  “We must lie down with our faces to the floor,” Er-
nest gasped when the smoke began to stifle. “We’ll
breathe easier there.”

  The Professor's labored breathing soon became slum-
berous, but to Ernest and Mildred, lying with their
faces pressed close to the rough floor, sleep beckoned but
to mock. The girl’s wan face revealed her silent suffer-
ing. “My brave little girl,” Ernest managed to whisper
huskily, and drew her to him until their lips met in a
pathetic kiss.

  The spectral hours flagged by until the dark awaited
dawn. Professor Burke slept on, despite his gasping
and coughing. The smoke was becoming so dense that
Ernest hesitated to replenish the fire, but when he let
it die down for a brief space, numbness soon began. He
knew that Mildred’s suffering must be greater than his,
and wanted to cry out in his impotence, marveling the
while at the girl’s transcendent fortitude.

  After what seemed another eternity, Professor Burke
aroused, apparently alert, and in parched whispers again
implored his companions to seek respite in slumber, as-
suring them he would stay awake and tend the fire.

  “I’ll wake you when the folks from Tycho come,” he
cheered. “I predict they’ll be here within two hours
after sunrise.”

  At length Ernest and Mildred felt themselves sinking
into merciful insensibility.

  They were wakened by a terrific, ominous clangor, a
metallic squeaking and pounding. They sat up painfully
and rubbed their eyes. Consciousness brought cognition
of the horrible truth: the Professor was missing and the
noise was coming from He-She!

  And then they became aware that a great shaft of light
was contending with the thinning clouds of smoke. The
door was open, and it was day!

  Side by side they crept and crawled to the opening,
and on into the blinding sunlight.

  Aiter a few undiscerning minutes they descried the

glittering hull of The Pioneer, and then, dim in the far
distance, a row of moving specks.

  It was the aerocade from Tycho!

CHAPTER XXVII

The Lunar Necropolis

ONCE more the cave city of the Dorfels was peopled.
After five thousand silent centuries its corridors
and chambers again rang with life, albeit the
sounds were alien.

  A day and a night has passed since Ernest and Mil-
dred’s escape from the trap of the He-She. They were
almost fully recovered physically, but their mental ordeal
had left marks which they knew would never heal entirely.
They felt that they had aged, and beheld in each other’s
eyes shadows that should not have been.

  Nightmares, with He-She the incubus, disturbed their
sleep, and they feared that the pounding of the monster’s
murderous pestle would reverberate forever in their ears.

  Captain Ellington, in relating what had taken place at
Tycho after his last communication with The Pioneer,
told of the camp’s anxiety and consternation when the
hours passed without further message. When the eclipse
was over they had signaled several other planes, all of
which arrived before sunset. Alarmed by the continued
silence of Sherard’s ship, they had made every effort to
signal the craft, and throughout the night, which they
survived by keeping the atoheat at maximum, the radios
were kept busy. And then, with the first rays of the
morning, the aerocade had set out for the Dorfels, fail-
ing to find the caves until the greater part of the range
had been covered.

  "At last we saw the plain, and the glistening wings of
The PioneerEllington related, “and when we found you,
you were more dead than alive, and so blackened by smoke
■fou were hardly recognizable.”

  Twenty-three planes and two atoliners, The Crescent
City and The Pinzama, had composed the squadron from
Tycho, and on the morning following their arrival two
more ships were guided to the caves by signals.

  The signaling had been continued day and night, but
without further response, and Ernest was at last con-
vinced that the two hundred and seventy-five people in
the cave community were the only Earthians to have
reached the moon. The realization stunned him. He had
hoped there would be many thousands.

  A row of caves to the right of He-She’s dungeon had
been selected as the dwelling of Earth’s last handful.
Atoheat and atolight, and the furnishings from the planes,
made the caverns quite habitable save for the scarcity of
water. The small pool that shimmered in the depths of
Bailley’s distant pit was rapidly disappearing under the
sun’s strong rays, and what was left of it was being
brought to the caves by assigned planes, stored in every
kind of receptacle obtainable, and then boiled and filtered.

  Upon reaching the caves the Earthians had established
a sort of community government with President Car-
monne of France at its head. When Ernest was suffi-
ciently recovered, however, full authority had been vested
in him despite his reluctance.

  There was little for him to do. The community was
largely self-governing, and its heterogeneous population,
representing nearly every race, had quickly merged into
a helpful, democratic whole.

  One of Ernest’s first acts was to have the remains of
Professor Burke removed from the mortar and interred
in front of the cave of sacrifice, and around the grave
Mildred had planted some of the seeds she had found in
his belongings. On the rough slab which marked his
friend's strange resting place, Ernest saw to the carv-
ing of these words: “The spot where man has died for
man is holy ground”—a quotation from Ingersoll, whose
40

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

works, along with those of Schopenhauer, Mildred had
also found in his bunk.

  He-She would never wreak again. The mechanism that
operated the trap and the idol's arms had been wrecked
and the door of the cave removed. The inside of the
golden slab bore mute testimony of Professor Burke’s
last efforts to signal rescue. It was covered near the
bottom with countless nicks where, lying on the floor of
the smoky chamber, he had sounded his futile tat-too.
The bench leg, its ends battered, was found where he had
dropped it when, abandoning all hope, he had made his
sacrificial decision. The dust on the floor showed where
he had crawled to the idol’s feet, to climb into the bowl
of death.

  The Earthfolk had found it impossible to adjust them-
selves to the lunar schedule of light and darkness, so
they were living by their own timepieces, dividing the
day and night into twelve-hour periods as nearly as pos-
sible, and eating and sleeping and going about their
affairs regardless of moontime except for their confine-
ment to the caves during the “day” part of the night, and
where the stupendous Earth shut off the light of the
sun. Each day the moon was shrouded in ecliptic gloom
for more than four hours.

  During, the early part of the nights, which were get-
ting warmer as the moon retained more of the sun’s heat,
the Earthians did little but gaze upon the monstrous
mother globe whose green expanse, all but monopolizing
the heavens, flooded the satellite with emerald brilliance.
Terra was now “the moon’s moon”—Terra the terrible,
threatening to destroy the daughter sphere she had driven
away at birth, and whose revengeful return was now
imperiling her own existence.

  During the long periods of sunlight the men, accom-
panied by some of the more adventurous women, made
many exploration trips into the caves and mountains.
The nearest mountains were visited first, and yielded
much new knowledge concerning the vanished Lunarians.
Various kinds of furnishings—all made of tempered
gold—were found, and many other golden objects, such
as basins, urns and the like, not to mention bracelets,
anklets and other jeweled adornments.

  The caves fairly reeked with gold. Great veins of it
were visible in nearly every wall, and the deeper the
explorers penetrated, the more they found.

  Ernest himself led the exploration of He-She’s treasure
trove, and true to Professor Burke’s prediction, it con-
tained “loads” of precious stones; but contrary to his
prophecy, the Earthians did not fight for possession of
the gems, nor try to mine the gold.

  The stones were sealed in vaults which had to be opened
with atorays. There were four vaults of diamonds, two
of pearls, and two of a strange red-green stone that
seemed a mating of ruby and emerald. Some of the dia-
monds, all of which were cut, weighed more than a thou-
sand carats. The pearls also were the largest and most
perfect the Earthians had ever seen.

  Ernest wondered where the Moonmen had procured the
pearls. The giant bivalves that produced them must have
had their being in some sea, he reasoned, and there had
never been a lunar sea, unless the legen 1 that Professor
Burke had found on Mount Hadley, of a i ocean that once
existed on the other side of the moon, was more than
fable.

  Diamonds and pearls meant no more than polished
pebbles now, but still were things of beauty, so Ernest
divided the contents of the vaults equally among the
people. Next day he saw some of the children playing
marbles with the pearls.

  Another expedition, led jointly by Ellington and Har-
veston, succeeded in reaching the lunar catacombs, and
there, more than half a mile from the mouth of the
winding tunnel, their atorays revealed a city of ten thou-
sand tombs.

  A vast cavern, circular and at least two hundred yards
in diameter, formed the lunar necropolis. The wall of
the slightly arched chamber was about twenty-five feet
high and regularly studded, row on row, with round seals
of gold fitted flat with the surface so close together that
they almost touched. There were fourteen full tiers of
them, and another, at the top, extended almost half round.

  Removing one of the plates with their atorays. the
explorers found a cylindrical cavity about three feet wide
that penetrated horizontally into the hard rock a distance
of about twelve feet.

  A handful of dust was all that remained of the strange
creature whose tomb the cylinder had been—a handful
of dust in which reposed a few tarnished ornaments.

  After a score of seals had been removed in the hope of
finding a mummified Moonman, the explorers, convinced
the quest was futile, turned their attention to a circular
elevation in the center of the chamber. It proved to be
a flat-topped structure some seven feet high and twelve
across, with steps all round, and Harveston and Ellington
guessed that it was a sort of dais where the lunar priests
had performed their funeral functions.

  Then, beginning to feel the effects of the musty, insuffi-
cient air, the party left the gold-studded place of the
dead.

  It was raining when they emerged from the tunnel half
an hour later—raining so hard that the Earthfolk had
taken to the caves. A blinding flash of lightning greeted
Harveston and Ellington as they reached the mount of the
passage, but this did not deter them from hurrying to
Ernest’s quarters to report their discovery. They found
him and Mildred standing near the door of their cave,
the girl exulting in the storm.

  Next morning Ernest called the people together and
addressed them:

  “Another Great Change faces us, and no one can fore-
tell what it will bring,” he began.

  “The earth is less than thirty-one thousand miles way,
and the stage of critical proximity is very near. The
moon may stop when it has gone a few hundred more
miles, or it may not pause until it is within twenty-five
thousand miles of the planet. And we are not sure it will
stop at all.

  “But when it has gone a few thousand more miles, at
the most, and the attraction of the earth is counterbal-
anced by the push of the tides, one of three things must
take place: the moon will pause for a brief period and
then recede rather rapidly, or go back at a snail’s pace, or
fall to Earth like a plummet.

  “I believe, however, that a quick recession will occur.
This is in accordance with the Bartonian theory, which
is that the satellite, after being flung from its molten
mother, receded at a rate of several thousand miles a day,
its speed gradually diminishing as the tidal force de-
creased until, when it had gone approximately 150,000
miles, it all but came to a stop, and required millions of
years to attain the distance it had prior to The Great
Change. It would seem, of course, that its early recession
would not be more rapid than the latter stage of its
advance, but when the tension of its pausing period is
broken the tidal reaction will probably cause it to spring
away for the first few thousand miles.

  “As I said in suggesting the migration to the moon,
the earth would be habitable with the moon no nearer than

150,000	miles. But could we survive the moon’s return
to its old orbit? And would we ever be able to return to
Earth? These questions are unanswerable. It is pos-
sible, however, that the satellite would retain some of the
planet’s atmosphere for a while, and that the air path
between the two bodies, though much thinner than at
present, would be dense enough to support our atoplanes
operating under full power. And it is possible that we
could set sail for Earth before the moon reacherl the
1 ."0.000-mile point.
THE MOON OF DOOM

41

  “If the Bartonian theory does not hold, it will take
the sphere centuries to recede a thousand miles, in which
event Earth’s rotation and frigid temperature would
render it unhabitable for eons.

  “There is a possibility, of course, that neither of these
things will occur. It may be true, as Professor Burke
feared, that the moon will crash into the planet. But I
am confident it will stop. The earth is so near that we
can see, without the telescope, that its surface is a broken,
moving mass. This means that the globe’s fearful ro-
tation has kept the ice from becoming a solid crust. The
world is wrapped in a polar sea whose colossal icebergs
churn everywhere as mountainous waves, lashed to fury,
leap toward the tormenting moon. But for the tides, the
moon long since would have crashed into the earth. As
it is, I believe they are powerful enough, with the atomic
attraction nearly if not entirely dissipated, to stop tho
satellite and send it back into space.

  “And when the moon falters, hard pressed by contend-
ing forces, its greatest tribulation will begin. It is then
that Earth will have her revenge. The push and pull
will shake the smaller sphere to its very core. And at
last, when the breaking point comes and the moon is cast
back for a few thousand miles, its convulsions will all but
wreck it.

  “The moonquake will be of indeterminable duration,
and it is then that our fate will hang in the balance. The
severity of the shocks will about dislodge the mountains,
and it is almost certain that the undermined parts of
the ranges will cave in.

  “The moon is now moving earthward at a rate of less
than two hundred miles in twenty-four hours, having
slowed down so greatly in the last week that the nights
are almost as short and pleasant as they were on Earth.
But the moonquake may begin at any time. I do not be-
lieve, however, that it will commence until the moon has
gone about five thousand more miles. Nonetheless, we
can trust no longer the safety of the caves. Beginning
tonight, we must park our atoplanes at the doors and
be ready to seek refuge in them when the first tremors
come, to remain in them until the worst is over.

  “Professor Pickering and other noted lunarians be-
lieved that the moon might revolve on its axis if it were
only a short distance from the earth, and so did I. But
such has not occurred, and I believe Luna will con-
tinue to show the same face to Earth, regardless of
what might happen, unless she actually crashes into the
planet.

  “That is all I can tell you. And now, with your con-
sent, Mildred and I shall start on an adventure that has
lured us ever since we came here. We want to make a
hurried trip to the other side of the moon before the
change occurs. We expect to return before night, but
I shall place President Carmonne in charge of the camp
during my absence. I think we shall find the bed of a
great ocean on the other side.”

CHAPTER XXVIII

The Other Side of the Moon

THROUGH an eerie twilight that was neither dawn
nor dusk The Pioneer sailed on. The camp of the
Earth-folk lay in the fierce sunlight hundreds of
miles behind. Ahead, only ominous shadows and the
portentous unknown.

  A feeling that was akin to fear chilled Mildred as the
ship’s wings cleaved the gloom. It seemed to her that
they were entering the dread abode of an incorporeal
Something far more malignant than He-She—a sinister
Something that might, she mused, be Luna’s very soul.
For the moment she thought of suggesting that they
return to the caves. But just then Ernest called to her
excitedly and pointing ahead, his face advertising utter
rmnzement.

  High in the darksome distance, probably not more
than fifty miles, a long, irregular line of brilliance
flashed against an ebon background.

  “What is it?” the girl cried.

  “I can’t imagine, unless it’s an electrical phenomenon
similar to our northern lights. Uncanny, isn’t it? Look,
it's as steady as reflected sunlight—and maybe that’s
what it is. But what could be reflecting it?”

  The serrate streak of light seemed to ascend as The
Pioneer advanced. This, Ernest reasoned, was because
he was flying low and level. And then, when the
phenomenon seemed almost directly above them, parts of
it began to fade out, leaving a row of flashing dots and
curves.

  Mildred cried out in wonder and in the same instant
Ernest slowed the motors and started the helicopter. A
minute later the atoplane was faltering and hovering like
a bewildered bird.

  The resplendence above them was sunlight playing on
the peaks of lofty mountains!

  “They must rise abruptly,” Ernest said after he had
brought the machine to poise. “It’s a range not re-
corded on our lunar maps. They could not be seen from
Earth because this part of the moon was always in
shadow. It means we are beyond the lunar south pole,
and on the threshold of the other side.”

  “How near are the mountains?” The girl’s voice was
instinct with excitement.

  “Probably not more than ten miles, and they must
be about fifteen thousand feet high, and the summits, at
least, are white. The breaking up of the light—see,
there’s not much of it left now—is due to the sinking of
the sun. We had better rise before all the light is gone.
I suppose we can rely on our searchlights to avoid a
crash, but I don’t care to take a chance with those moun-
tains until I learn their height and how they rise.”

  “But won’t it be too dark for us to explore the other
side?”

  “Not much darker than it is here, but darker than I
expected. The sun is still high a few hundred miles be-
hind us, you know, and due to the air scattering the light
it won’t be so very dark beyond the mountains—unless
we go too far. I don’t intend to do much exploring—only
to satisfy myself about that lunar sea, and I have an
idea we’ll find it just on the other side. We probably
shall be returning within two hours. I don’t think we
need fear about what we’ll find on the other side. Still,
there is some danger—the unknown is never safe. Should
anything happen to our plane, it is possible we might
never return. Perhaps we should go no farther, Mil-
dred. I’m not afraid, but I am thinking of you. There’s
no need to run the risk. We’ve already experienced
enough suffering at the hands of the moon, and I would
be a brute to carry you into further peril. Suppose we
let the other side alone. Come, let us return to the
caves. I insist.”

  The girl knew he spoke sincerely, but only for her
sake. Alone, he would have dared mountains twice as
high and skiej as dark again. She could be as brave
as he.

  “I wouldn’t think of returning,” she replied. “I am
quite unafraid, and really eager to go on. If it is too
ugly we needn’t land. Let’s hurry before all the light
is gone from the peaks.”

  Ernest applied nearly all of The Pioneer's energy to
the helicopter and the big plane shot up like a balloon,
quivering to the strain. At fifteen thousand feet, the
glow on the peaks was still above them. Half a mile high-
er, and the few remaining flashes were under them, ap-
parently about ten miles away. Ernest then stopped the
helicopter and steered straight ahead. Of the rest of
the mountains, nothing was visible until the plane was
within two miles of the light. Then, through the dusk,
they discerned enough of the mighty range to know that
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

it rose almost perpendicular, and that the tops alone ap-
peared to be whitish stone, probably marble. It seemed
that nature had tried to erect an insurmountable wall to
hide the moon’s black back.

  The last light on the peaks went out just as they passed
over, but more gaunt ridges were faintly visible through
the gloom. Ernest descended a few hundred feet to get
a better view of them, holding the plane to its slowest
pace and turning the searchlights full ahead.

  They had gone not more than twenty miles when the
mountains disappeared suddenly from under them. The
range evidently ended as abruptly as it began.

  “The other side of the moon!” Ernest rejoiced. “And
where shall we go now? I think I’ll go on for a little
while and find a landing place. Perhaps-”

  A hissing, sputtering sound came from the motors.
The plane lurched downward so suddenly that Ernest
almost lost control of it.

  “It's nothing serious, little girl,” he assured his startled
companion. “Just an oil leak. I think I can repair it in
a few minutes after we land. We’ll glide down."

  After many spirals, which should have brought it to
land, The Pioneer kept descending. The altimeter showed
Ernest he was below sea level.

  “We’re over the bed of the lunar ocean,” he remarked.

  A few more spirals, and the searchlights brought the
bottonuof the great basin to view. The Pioneer careened
to a stop on a bed of pebbles and sand.

  “Well, our tour of exploration is over,” Ernest said.
“We must return as soon as I repair the plane. It’s much
darker here than I anticipated. But come, let’s get out-
side for a bit, so we can say we’ve stood on the floor of
the lunar sea. We’ll pocket a few pebbles as proof.”

  Keeping in the path of the searchlights, they strayed
only a short distance, picked up a handful of the smaller
rocks, and were about to return when Mildred gave a cry
of discovery and held up her find for inspection.

  It was the shell of a huge bivalve, nearly as large again
as any they had ever seen.

  “Now we know where the Moonmen got their pearls,”
Ernest commented, “but how did they get across the
mountains? How Professor Burke would have enjoyed
solving that mystery. And I guess he would have wanted
to set out at once and find the beds of the rivers that fed
the sea. There were no big streams on the exposed side,
you know, so all of the rivers must have had their sources
on the hidden half. Come, let us return to the ship. I
think I can repair the leak from the inside.”

  The trouble proved more serious than Ernest thought.
The motors were almost drowned in oil.

  After three hours the job still baffled him. It was get-
ting. quite dark, and Mildred, watching the stars, was
astonished to see those near the horizon blotted out rather
suddenly. Clouds were gathering.

  Within another hour the entire sky was overcast, and
then came inordinate flashes of lightning that revealed
miles of the surrounding basin and silhouetted the nearby
mountains. The boom of the thunder was ear-splitting.

  Ernest finished soldering the leak just as the storm
broke.

  “I hope it doesn’t last long,” he said. “The sun will
soon be down on the other side, and unless we get back
over the mountains by then, we’ll have to stay until it
rises again.”

  But the storm lingered, growing in fury. The down-
pour was as heavy as any they had seen on Earth. And
when the elements ceased their frenzy and the stars came
out again—came out in splendor far more gorgeous than
the Earth pair had seen since their trip through space—
it was night, and darkness, Cimmerian darkness, fell upon
them like a suffocating blanket.

  Ernest switched off the searchlights and turned on all
the interior illumination. The radio soon had them in
touch with Captain Ellington’s ship, and Ernest apprised

the operator of what had occurred. “Tell Ellington we
are in no danger and will be back in camp in a few hours
after daybreak.”

  Communication with the camp was established at in-
tervals during the early hours of the night, and Pro-
fessor Burke’s books also helped to while away the time
until Mildred fell asleep, her head on Ernest’s shoulder.

CHAPTER XXIX

Back to Earth

  T must have been near midnight when the moonquake
  began.

     The great paroxysm came without warning. The
sphere reeled as from a staggering blow. Reverberations,
sepulchral and oppressive, cluttered the air. The moon
jumped and jerked, curveted and convulsed until its epi-
lepsy seemed a dance of death. The Earth pair felt The
Pioneer slip and slide, and knew that the surface was
shifting.

  On into the night the upheaval continued with increas-
ing intensity. Ernest knew that the moon was being
shaken to its very center, and doubted whether it could
survive the torture. The din of the havoc became deaf-
ening, overwhelming. A staccato ululation rose above the
rumbling. Terra was having her revenge, and Luna was
howling her terrible agony and hate.

  The major struggle ended as abruptly as it began. A
shock that racked the satellite to the verge of destruction
was the finale.

  It was over, but the vanquished orb kept quivering.
Ernest, looking at the stars, saw them scurry across the
sable sky, and knew that the moon was being shot back
into space.

  He immediately tried to signal the camp, and tried
again and again. Silence. He feared the worst.

  Soon as the murksome morning broke over the vanished
sea, The Pioneer was off. The mountains were crossed
without difficulty. Some of their peaks, as seen through
the gloom, appeared to have toppled. And a few minutes
later, when the plane burst into the sunlight, the marred
moon lay revealed.

  What had been a plain was now an anomalous waste.
The surface was cracked, warped, sunken, bloated. Huge
rocks protruded here and there. Some of the fissures
were abysmal.

  The last vestige of hope for the survival of their com-
rades perished as soon as the Dorfels came into view. The
great range was utterly ravaged and all but overthrown.
From a distance it was seen that hundreds of peaks had
cracked and crashed, and when The Pioneer passed over
the devastation, thousands of prodigious fissures yawned
hungrily. Here and there appeared great sinks, as if the
mountains had been mere papier-mache mounds trod on
by Gog and Magog.

  And when The Pioneer landed, not a trace of the cave
city could be seen. Millions of tons of rock had avalanched
from the troubled heights and snuffed out all. Ernest
believed that the destruction came with the moon’s first
spasm, and that the planes, at the doors of the caves, had
been buried before Earth’s last lot, hurrying from their
collapsing cells, could reach them.

  Infinite loneliness and sadness engulfed the man and
girl. Realization that they were Earth’s last pair stunned
them, left them dazed.

  When, after many minutes, Ernest spoke, his voice
was hollow. “Alone in a universe of death,” he said.
“Perhaps it were better we had perished, too.”

  And, during the nightmare days that followed, while
they were waiting for the regressing moon to undo some
of the damage on the planet, that they might venture
to return, they fancied more than once that they had died
in truth, and now were phantoms on a spectral sphere.
Occasionally F.rnest would point his telescope at the earth,
THE MOON OF DOOM

43

and once Mildred visited the garden she had planted near
the Professor's grave, and found green things growing.
The grave itself was buried under the slide of rock, as
was the nearby house of He-She.

*	• * * *

ONE man and one woman—Terra’s final twain—strug-
gling through space on a treacherous thread of air.
Behind them a mobile moon, tremulous in retreat. Be-
fore them, a weary world, seen as a glacial globe. Around
them, flashing through the embracing ether, the exquisite
sublimity of the spheres.

  The air was so tenuous that The Pioneer could scarcely
hold its course. With all motors going at top speed, it
could not make more than four hundred miles an hour.
Once a small "pocket” was encountered and the plane fell
hundreds of feet.

  The telescope revealed that Earth’s ice-shroud was
breaking up rapidly, and when they had gone about half
the distance, land began to appear. The air was becoming
denser.

  When they were within five thousand miles of the
planet, some of its surface alterations were disclosed.
It was impossible to identify the continents, much of
which could now be seen. There was land where water
should have been, and seas where land.

  And when the continents became more clearly outlined,
they were utterly alien to those with which the Earth
pair was familiar. Great ice ridges appeared on most of
them, near the equatorial line, and extended far to sea.
The Americas could be discerned, but seemed to have
shrunk greatly, and the isthmus region was a zone of ice.
With the exception of Australia, which was readily rec-
ognized, they could not be sure of the other continents.
Much of what they took to be Europe had disappeared
in the sea or under an ice sheet which covered the south-
ern part Much of Asia, including all its island fringe,
likewise was gone. The northern half of Africa was
hidden entirely by an ice cap, and part of its southern
coast had been washed away. Small islands had been
born in every sea.

  The turning of the globe bared another astounding
change: the poles were no longer icebound! Land hidden
since some previous glacial age lay naked, and there
was much more of it near each pole than geologists had
believed. There were still some glaciers on it, however,

and thousands of great icebergs in the surrounding seas.

  The truth dawned suddenly on Ernest—the tortured
earth had shifted on its axis!

  The Pioneer was now descending rapidly, bringing
other changes into view. It was seen that all the moun-
tain ranges had been worn down, some of the smaller
chains having virtually disappeared. There were many;
new rivers, and some of the old ones were blotted out.
Dark blotches here and there in the interior of the con-
tinents probably were the remains of cities.

  Ernest brought his ship to rest on the coast of a con-
tinent which he believed to be Greenland.

  A few minutes later the man and the girl were plod-
ding along the beach, learning to walk again. They
seemed to have become things of lead, ponderous and
cumbersome. It was as if they had never known Earth's
gravitation.

  The sun was shining and a breath of warmth was in
the air, though the chill from the icebergs warned of
bitter nights.

  Ambling some distance from the shore, they found
grass and weeds cropping up. Earth was not dead, after
all. It would give them sustenance, and so might the sea.
There was enough concentrated food in the plane to last
them several months, and then they could plant the grain
and vegetable seed left by Professor Burke. The Pioneer
would house them and protect them from the cold.

“Another Adam and Eve, but a strange Eden,” Ernest
said whimsically. “An Eden sans everything but us.”

  "A new Adami and Heva,” Mildred smiled. “It’s an
older account of the creation than that given in Genesis,
and much nicer, I think. I was reading about it in one
of the Professor’s books.”

  “Yes, I recall it” Ernest said. “The Supreme Brahma
put the man and woman on an island and told them to
remain there. But Adami persuaded Ileva to migrate.
Brahma cursed them both, but the man spoke, ‘Curse me,
but curse not her; it was not her fault, but mine.’ The
Supreme Brahma said, ‘I will save her, but not thee.’
But the woman did not wish to live without him, and
said, ‘If thou wilt not spare him, spare neither me, for
I love him.’ Then the great Brahma relented and said, ‘I
will watch over you and your children forever.’ ”

Ernest kissed the girl and held her in long embrace.
Then, hand in hand, they began to explore their paradise.

  One man and one woman.

The End

As a Reader of the Quarterly

you should read the Monthly

AFTER all, it's the fascination of these wonder-
ful stories—the possibility of the great impos-
sible, lifting us out of our own meagre under-
standings and surroundings—away .... away—for
hours and hours, to far lands, strange people and
thrilling event9.

So, if you aro not aware of the existence of the
Amazing Stories MONTHLY, you should be—here,

for 25o, a hundred pages of these Amazing Stories unfold to you—the same adventurous
spirit—the same thrilling episodes—on the winged imaginative minds of those same great
scientiBction writers — Edgar Rice Burroughs, H. G. Wells, Miles J. Breuer, M.D., Jules
Verne. Every month, one or several of these famed writers offers to take you beyond the
horizon of everyday life.

And, as you have already learned, beneath these imaginative products of scientific minds,
there is a nucleus of fact that everyone should know.

So during the interim—between the quarterlies get the monthly Amazing Stories—25c.

Pity those whose reading matter confines them to the ordinary.

insizyu
9%e ATOMIC RIDDLE

  by Edward S. Sears

                           Author of “The Shadow on the Spark.”

the

  m

Thi« commanJ'wVfncurt fierce tones from Frcnchy Vergoyne. Not balng under arrest and beinE a very accomplished criminal, Jo had picked
pockets ol Inspector Craven and his two deputies, relieving them of their weapons and their watches. Two of the pistols he now held In his hands.

44
THE ATOMIC RIDDLE

IE citizens of Houston, New Jersey, might
have been observed about two o'clock of an
afternoon in October, 192—, congregated
about the twelve-story building of the
Castile Bank and Trust Company,
night before this gathering of citizens,
$100,000 in notes, the bulk of it in large denominations,
had been placed in the company's brand-new modern
safe, in the presence of at least six employes of the
bank. The cashier, one of the most prominent men of
Houston’s younger set, had set the combination and
gone home. Over night the money had vanished. The
safe was intact.

  Roger Bolton, the cashier, was the last of an old
family, which had numbered statesmen, engineers and
educators in its ranks, from early in the nineteenth cen-
tury. His college career had been brilliant. He had won
the right to wear the University letter on his sweater;
in short, at thirty, he might be considered to have
launched himself on a fine career in the world of
finance. His salary was §10,000 a year, a sum, which
the bank considered a sufficient guarantee against
temptation.

  Being a tall, fine looking chap, athletic, with reg-
ular features and good bearing, it had aroused no
astonishment when his engagement to the daughter
of one of the richest financial wizards of New York
was announced. Olive Velie, at twenty-five, was still
unmarried, although her opportunities included four
or five possible titles and two or three possible bar-
onial estates. She had large dreamy eyes, above which
were delicately lined brows, a nose not too large, yet
scarcely negligible, a mouth, not exactly bowed but
rather inclined at times to a straight-lined severity.
Her chin was well rounded, cheeks not too full and her
neck was very shapely and pillar like. She was full
bosomed and had abundant dark hair.

  Olive had walked into her father’s office while he was
discussing with Roger Bolton, the terms of a new
issue of Molgravian bonds—Molgravia being one of
the Balkan States somewhat enlarged by the League of
Nations after the World War. Bolton’s grasp of the
subject aroused old Veiie’s admiration to such an ex-
tent that he complimented
the young man on his sug-
gested distribution of the
weight of the loan. And
Tom Velie was not noted
for his lavishness in
praise. ,

  “Olive,” said Velie, “let
me present Mr. Roger Bol-
ton, who has gone far be-
yond the a, b, c, of bank-
ing.

  Roger, looking up, be-
held a girl, somewhat
above medium height, dark
haired and altogether
lovely. He noticed that
hpr bare arms were per-
fectly formed, her teeth
showing through a very
gracious smile, as she acknowledged the introduction.
Apparently both young people recognized an immediate
kinship.

  “Father,” she said, "we have no engagements this
evening. Mr. Bolton, if he has the leisure, might stop
with us to dinner."

  Bolton, naturally, accepted. They went to the
theatre, came home and found something to talk about
until one in the morning. For six months much of
the young man’s spare time was spent at the Velie
residence or accompanying Olive to one function or
another. They were soon engaged, but their marriage

was placed in the indefinite future, because Bolton re-
garded $10,000 a year as a poor match for the Velie
millions.

  This is how matters stood on the day the people of
Houston congregated about the Castile Bank and Trust
Company's twelve story building. In the interval be-
tween the placing of the $100,000 in the safe and
Bolton’s return the following morning, the entire sum
had disappeared. This mon<,y was in notes but by
some curious oversight, the sum of $10,000 in gold,
which was not part of the Molgravian loan, had not
been touched. Bolton, dumbfounded, could not even
suggest an explanation. Indeed his sudden look of
terror, so far from his ordinary bearing of cool cour-
age, at once gave rise to sinister suspicion.

  The safe which had recently been installed remained
to all appearances exactly as it had been the previous
afternoon, but the money was gone. The police im-
mediately began an inquisition of banks and clerks.

  Five clerks and tellers were positive they had seen
Bolton place the money in the safe and set the com-
bination. No alarm had been sounded during the
night. Nothing indicated that the safe had been
broken into. Nothing had been disturbed in the bank.
It seemed obvious that Bolton had placed only a few pack-
ages in the safe and had secreted the $100,000 some-
where during the night. And as Bolton offered no ex-
planation, he was placed under arrest
The citizens, who had almost idolized this young
man, who had made such rapid strides under their
very observation, were immediately convinced they had
been nursing a viper and the downcast Bolton was
greeted with jeers as a patrol wagon carried him to
headquarters for a severe grilling which involved end-
less repetition of the never ending query-

  “What have you done with the loot?”

  Olive Velie, after a night of rosy dreams for the
future, in which Bolton was steadily rising in the
financial world, awoke to a rude disenchantment.
When she saw a copy of the Houston Globe, a photo-
graph of her sweetheart gazed at her beneath a
streamer which announced, “Houston’s most promi-
nent banker arrested. Roger Bolton charged with

$100,000 theft.”

  Old Tom Velie caught
the headlines at the break-
fast table.

  “Well,” he cried, “I’m
damned if I would ever
have believed that of him.
Crazy, suicidal mania that
was. Why, the young fool,
if he wanted $100,000 to
get married on, I would
have settled it on you both
any time, and he knew it.”
"Oh, father, don’t talk
so,” said Olive. “You
don’t imagine for a mo-
ment, he took all that
money, do you?”

  “It looks mighty bad.
He was the only one who
handled the money. The money is gone. The safe
hasn’t been opened. I will get the best counsel I can
for him, though.”

  “Well, unless he admits it himself, I will never be-
lieve he did anything so idiotic. The moment the in-
vestigation is over, I am going to him. God knows he
probably will be half tortured to death before we get
to see him,” said Olive.

  In the meantime, the police officials of Houston,
eager to add to their laurels, were putting Roger
through that refined process known as the third de-
gree. The examination was conducted in a corner of

On the

 rjlHERE are more ways than one to kill a
    _/ cat. This we all know, and there are more
    ways than one, thanlcs to physics, to open
    up a safe, even if it doesn't look as though
    it had been opened, and $100,000 are miss-
    ing. Many things are possible today that
    were impossible some years back. Of
    course, we admit too, that the recipe
    which the author gives here might furnish
    valuable information to safe-crackers and
    bank robbers—maybe. At any rate, The
    Atomic Riddle makes an interesting
    twenty minutes reading that keeps you
    guessing to the end.
46

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

one of the big rooms of the prison office. A light was
shining directly into his eyes. All about him were
grouped officers in uniform and one or two in plain
clothes. There was no cruelty. Simply the same, end-
less repetition of the same monotonous questions.

  "Come clean, now, Roger. Where is the money?"
or,

  "Who else was in on this? Who took the money
away?” and the like.

  To all these questions Roger replied that he was as
much mystified as they.

  Now, this investigation brought out two additional
clues.

  A new night watchman who had come highly rec-
ommended, but a few months before, disappeared the
day after Roger’s arrest. An assistant cashier coming
from another city, but whose credentials had seemed
to be good, was also missing. Naturally, it was as-
sumed they were Roger’s accomplices.

  Therefore, as a welcome relief to the same endless
question, Roger was asked from time to time . . .

  “Where is the watchman?” or "Where is the assis-
tant cashier?”

  Roger stood the ordeal well. Finally, to bring the
inquiry to some kind of coherence, the officers let New
York counsel, selected by Tom Velie, visit him. They
installed 'dictaphones in order to record any slip Roger
might make while he was being interviewed. But it
was hopeless. He would only say . . .

  “I know nothing at all about the robbery. I am as
amazed as you are. If I could explain it I would do
so gladly.”

  Willoughby, the lawyer, an ex-prosecutor who had
resumed practice at the bar, reported to Velie and
Olive in a tremendous rage.

  “How can I help that young fool if he won’t take
me into his confidence? He simply repeats over and
over again that he knows nothing about it.”

  “Well, if he knows anything about it, I am going to
get it out of him for my own satisfaction,” exclaimed
Olive. “I know Roger is incapable of anything dis-
honorable. He knows I would wash my hands of him
in a second if he ever stooped to anything so low. He
is probably so excited by this time that he doesn’t
know what he is saying.”

  Olive ordered the car and told the chauffeur to let no
grass grow under the wheels on the road to Houston.
The prison officials willingly let her visit Roger in his
cell, eavesdropping on every word that passed.

  “Roger,” she greeted him, “can’t you think how that
money got away from you?”

  For all this brusque greeting, she embraced him
with all the faith and fervor in the world.

  "You darling,” said Roger, with the first hopeful
note for a week, in his voice, “If you had thought me
guilty, I would almost have believed it myself.”

  “Now tell me all about the afternoon when you
locked the safe, Roger. You were with me last Thurs-
day night, the night before the money disappeared.
Let’s see. You took dinner with us. Now taking an
hour and a half to drive over to Houston, that gave
you just about time enough to dress for dinner. De-
scribe how you put the money away. Your lawyer
must have something to work on, you know.”

  This conversation delighted the listening police and
detectives who were taking notes at high speed. Hav-
ing decided that Roger was guilty, all these details
had been overlooked or left for the future.

  “Thursday afternoon, my last day at the bank,”
said Roger, “our new safe had just been installed. In
the vault was the bulk of the money the bank kept
on hand. But in this new safe, I placed $100,000, the
amount of our subscription to the Molgravian loan—
our proportion of their new $50,000,000 issue floated

through New York banks with your father’s aid. This
was classified into denominations and each package
carefully marked with the amount in each. In a steel
box, in the same safe, was $10,000 in gold. I wonder
if that is gone, too.”

  “It is not,” said Olive. “That makes it all the more
suspicious for you. But don’t worry. What did you
know of those two men who are missing?”

  “Very little. The president of the bank, Mr. Briscoe,
said they came to him highly recommended. Lawson,
the assistant cashier, knew all about foreign loans.
His accent, however, made me suspect that Lawson
was not his real name. Then, he was so much above
his position. He was of slight physique, machine-like
in his mind. His memory was prodigious. His eyes
never wavered. Just looked right through you. The
watchman was not a Houston man, but evidently had
had experience in guarding banks. I never said more
than 'How do you do?’ to him.”

  “Well, you have told me some things the lawyer
couldn’t get out of you and that will help some. Now,
Roger, don’t lose your head and don’t worry if I am
not over to see you again for awhile.”

  She held him in a kind of motherly embrace for a
moment and left the prison. When she reached New
York, Olive went straight to Mr. Willoughby with her
story.

  “Not much in that, Miss Velie,” he said, "but where
we are certain our client is innocent, it is a great
help. So far, the only proof of Bolton’s guilt is the
fact that the money has disappeared. And that is
pretty nearly enough to convict. Whatever you can
do from now on, Miss Velie, will not be too much.”

THE Castile Bank and Trust Company carried both
burglary insurance and protection against em-
bezzlement. In addition to this, Roger was bonded in
the sum of $25,000. Consequently, these two insur-
ance companies at once set their sleuths on the trail
of the missing money. After one week of investiga-
tion, they were just where they had started. Roger
was arraigned and charged with the embezzlement of
$100,000 from the Castile Bank and Trust Company.

  Houston officials called on Inspector Craven of the
New York police department to look into the robbery.
If the money could be recovered and the guilty brought
to justice, Inspector Craven was the man to do it.
Combined with bulldog tenacity, his keenness and the
knowledge of how criminal minds worked, was his re-
markable intelligence in finding a motive for the most
mysterious underworld blows at society. A friend of
Tom Velie, he discussed the robbery with him before
visiting Houston. Though reluctant to jump at con-
clusions, Inspector Craven said frankly it looked pretty
bad for Roger Bolton. Nor was he less frank with
Roger himself whtfn he saw that far from cheerful
young man.

  “Mr. Bolton,” he began, “I am familiar with the
facts as far as they are known. What I want you to
do is to offer me some theory or point to some person,
other than yourself, who might have opened that safe,
taken the money out, and set the combination again.”
“Inspector Craven,” Bolton replied, “to accuse any-
one else is entirely beyond me. Not even the president
of the bank knew the combination to that safe. That
was my own responsibility. The combination was in
my head. No one could have read it for it was never
written. Either there is a way to open that safe
without knowing the combination, impossible in my
opinion, or the money went through the walls of the
safe, which is equally impossible.”

  “Well, Mr. Bolton,” said Inspector Craven, rising,
“if you intend to make that statement to a jury, you
may as well prepare to spend the next few years of
THE ATOMIC RIDDLE

47

your life in prison. If the sum of $10,000 in gold had
not remained in the safe, I should almost adopt the
theory that the safe had been removed and another
substituted in its place. That is as fantastic as your
supposition that the money walked through the walls
of the safe. Knowing you, and Tom Velie, and es-
pecially Miss Olive Velie, I accept for the moment, at
least, your pleas of innocence. Perhaps after I have
examined the safe, I may change my opinion. Good
bye.”

  From the prison, Inspector Craven walked the short
distance to the Castile Bank and Trust Company. Mr.
Briscoe came at once to greet him.

  “How do you do, Inspector,” he said. “Come right
in. I suppose you want to look around.”

  “Yes, Mr. Briscoe. Is the safe about as it was the
night of the robbery?”

  “It has not been touched. I have never heard of
anything quite so mysterious. We have audited Bol-

vn sstriS jnor.du3fc'“.m	s	ts

                          repetition oi the same monotonous questions.

ton’s account and there is not the slightest suspicion
of irregularity. Of course, two employes have disap-
peared, but neither the assistant cashier nor the
watchman knew the combination. Then, too, there was
absolutely no sign of any disturbance."

  He led the way to the safe. It was not specially
large, but was formidable looking, nevertheless. The
door was about five feet high, with a combination
lock of respectable size. It stood to the rear of the
bank with one side exposed and another set in an
alcove. Inspector Craven examined the exterior and
used his microscope from time to time, but said
nothing. The interior of the safe revealed little.
Everything was as it had been the night the money
disappeared.

  When the inspector reached headquarters in New

money, he would have betrayed himself in some way,
unless he was a hardened crook, which, of course, I do
not for a moment believe.”

  “What can we do, Inspector? Isn’t there a man
skilled in safes and combinations? Isn’t there someone
among the manufacturers of safes who could imagine
a way the safe could have been robbed?”

  “I thought of that, Miss Olvie. I consulted some
of them and they say Roger must be guilty. I even
wrote a letter to a friend of mine who has a most un-
usual thinking apparatus, which has often turned my
theories into ridicule. But he is down in New Orleans
now, a guest of the Southern Medical Association, and
will be there a week longer. By that time, Roger may
be so deeply involved that it will be impossible to help
him. Would you like to go to New Orleans with your

York, he found Olive Velie waiting in his office.

  “I heard that you had gone to Houston, Inspector,”
she said. “Did you find anything encouraging?”

  “Well, Miss Velie, there is one chance in a million
that the money was put in the safe as Roger Bolton
says, and that it was taken out. How that could be
done is too deep for me. Can you imagine how the
walls of a safe could remain intact after having been
opened to permit the removal of §100,000 and yet leave
not a trace? It is not the very best safe in the world.
A good yeggman could cut that door out in about ten
minutes with an oxyacetylene torch. But he could not
leave it intact. There are no finger prints. But mod-
ern crooks no longer leave finger prints. Their pres-
ence would tell us something but their absence means
little. Frankly, Miss Olive, as things stand at present,
I should do exactly what the police of Houston have
done. I should place Roger Bolton under arrest. Still,
I must admit that if he knew anything about the
48

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

father on the chance that Dr. Jarvis might be able to
help?”

  "I’d take any chance,” said Olive. “But father need
not go. I am quite capable of taking care of myself.
Will you give me a letter to your friend?”

  "Certainly. Miss Roberts,” he called to his secre-
tary, "kindly take this letter.”

“Dr. Milton Jarvis,

  “Magnolia Hotel,

    "New Orleans, La.

“My dear Dr. Jarvis:

  “The bearer of this letter, Miss Olive Velie, is the
daughter of Mr. Tom Velie, one of our leading finan-
ciers, who is, of course, well known to you. She will
explain her problem to you, a problem, whose solution,
I freely confess, is beyond me. §100,000 has been taken
from a safe in the Castile Bank and Trust Company,
if Miss Velie’s fianc6 is to be credited, by burglars of
such skill that they have left no trace of their presence,
on the safe. Now, how can §100,000 be taken through
steel walls of ample thickness without leaving a clue?
Unless some one figures out how this can be done,
Roger Bolton is likely to do a stretch in the pen, and
I may have to help send him there. This is not a med-
ical problem, but you keep up with science so much,
that I wondered if you could help in this case.

  "Sincerely yours,

“Craven, Police Inspector.”

  The one night she passed on the train was a sleep-
less one, yet before she had given way to despair or
had conjured up a happier vision, the train was cross-
ing the bridge over Lake Pontchartrain and she was in
New Orleans. At the Magnolia Hotel she learned
Doctor Jarvis had gone to Touro Infirmary to deliver
a lecture at ten-thirty. As it was but nine, Olive had
a short time for primping before going out to Pry-
tan ia Avenue, where the Infirmary is located. She
had just settled in her chair in the large auditorium
when the president of the Medical Association intro-
duced Dr. Milton Jarvis.

  Olive peered curiously at this man of whom she ex-
pected so much. He was rather tall, very straight,
slim, with piercing dark eyes. His clothing was quite
in the mode, but cut to the figure, so that his extreme
muscular development was apparent. Neither his
clothing nor his build attracted her attention so much
as the extreme intelligence of his face, however. His
eyes were knowing, his lips firm. He did not seem to
be the man who would take contradiction patiently.

  Dr. Jarvis opened his talk with comments on a lec-
ture given by one of the prominent members of the
Association the previous evening. This lecture, it
seemed, had to do with Pyloric ulcers. He reviewed,
for the benefit of the nurses, the various forms of
treatment; first, an operation by which the pylorus
was severed at its junction with the stomach, the of-
fending lesion cut off and the end of the pylorus re-
attached to its host. This he described as a pretty
serious remedy. Then he spoke of the various diets
which either irritated the sore spot or soothed it.

  Even to so alert and intelligent a girl as Olive, such
a topic would have proved a severe trial under ordin-
ary circumstances. But Tom Velie’s sister, Anne
Rounsaville, the widow of a French diplomat, was a
woman who, for the last ten years of her bereave-
ment, divided her affections equally between a bad tem-
pered fox terrier and a pyloric ulcer. As Olive had
borne patiently with all her symptoms, she was the old
lady’s favorite. Anne Rounsaville, having an analytical
temperament, recounted to Olive at every visit the pre-
cise effect of soft food, of course breads, of acids, of
bases and what not, on her pet ailment.

  Hence, Dr. Jarvis was treading familiar ground in
discussing the various phases of this all too common
ailment. It was a great disappointment to Anne
Rounsaville that an attack of pneumonia proved fatal
and all her w'orry over the pyloric ulcer went for
naught. But gratitude for Olive’s patience as a list-
ener led her aunt to leave her a fortune of more than
half a million.

\\THEN he had discussed topics purely medical for
VV some time, Dr. Jarvis reverted to biology and
chemistry of which he spoke like a man riding a
hobby.

  "You must know,” he said, “that not only in old
ruins and yellowed parchments can be traced the his-
tory of man, but in the strata or successive levels of
the earth we can likewise trace the history of the
elements. What we call matter has an appearance of
life. Take so common a thing as ammonia for ex-
ample. It may be placed in combinations that serve
as food and enter into our bodies as part of living
organisms. It may be left in another state and be-
come fuel. Atoms, molecules, colloids, all have their
histories and all have been modified with time. Fund-
amentally we are near the conclusion that the hydrogen
atom and beyond it the hydrogen electrons and pro-
tons are elemental. If hydrogen is at the basis of all
other atoms except that there are more electrons in
one than in the other, what is the difference between
the hydrogen electrons in vegetable tissue and those
which enter into material in a skyscraper? Simply a
difference in the number and arrangement of electrons
about the nucleus containing the same number of
protons.

  “So, the barrier between the vegetable world and the
animal world, or the mineral world, which in all the
old books was so sharply defined that they were
classed belonging forever to separate worlds, has been
torn down.

  “Our reason in medicine, as everywhere, is our best
guide. Formerly it was all a matter of materia medica
and knowing your formulae. But now it is different.
Suppose you nurses were watching a patient who
showed a surprisingly high blood count. Suppose that
instead of the customary 10,000 or 12,000 leucocytes
you found that the patient’s blood had 20,000 ,or
30,000. You would at once conclude that the patient
was suffering, to use & popular term, from malignant
anaemia.

  “Suppose a doctor of wide experience were called
upon to testify in court in a case against an insurance
company where several people in the same neighbor-
hood of a large city simultaneously displayed a similar
activity of white corpuscles. One patient would get
down with apparent anaemia and the insurance com-
pany would be called upon to pay a stated weekly sum
on an insurance policy. Fifteen or twenty people so
afflicted would make enough inroads on the insurance
company funds to inspire an investigation.

  “In such a case, reason would tell you that it was
extremely improbable that fifteen people in one neigh-
borhood would so suffer. Then it would occur to you
that something besides anaemia could produce a sud-
den increase in the blood count. If you remembered
your studies, you would at once conclude as I did, ‘An
injection of peptones or nucleins would increase the
count of leucocytes.’

  “That is exactly what had taken place. The neigh-
borhood was notorious for fraudulent street car ac-
cidents and these, it was found, were due to the ac-
tivity of a number of acrobats who could dislocate
arms and legs at will and simulate, at will, a terrible
fall with the utmost realism. So we exposed the fraud
and the people who were apparently suffering from
THE ATOMIC RIDDLE

49-

  anaemia because of an injection of peptones admin-
istered by an unscrupulous physician, who had been
disciplined for malpractice.

  "I talk to you of these removed topics to remind you
young people that whatever your profession, your rea-
son is what distinguishes you from all other qualities
of the animals. Memory does not so distinguish us,
for an elephant will remember when man has for-
gotten.

  “When I was younger, the study of amoeba, the one-
celled organism which could move and reproduce by
subdividing, seemed to me the most useless thing one
could imagine. But when we examine a drop of blood
and see the amoeba like phagocytes surrounding their
prey, the disease germ on which they feed, the amoeba
in our own systems acquires the interesting relation
of an important part of our being.”

  As Olive strove to understand this intricate talk,
some gleam of hope shot through her mind. If, as the
doctor asserted, there was no fundamental difference
between the matter in a plant and a skyscraper, why
should there be any impossibility, if you had the right
philosophy or the right science involved, in drawing
bank notes through the walls of a safe. She grew more
confident that Dr. Jarvis, of all others, might perhaps
find an answer to her enigma. After the lecture was
over, she waited until the various doctors and nurses
had spoken to him. She addressed him as he was turn-
ing to leave the hall.

  "Dr. Jarvis,” she said, “I am Olive Velie. I have
come all the way from New York to see if you could
help us. Inspector Craven said if anyone could solve
our mystery, you could.”

  After reading the inspector's letter, Dr. Jarvis said,
“A Bolton rob a bank! Absurd. Of course, the safe
was opened. And Inspector Craven says the robbers
left no traces. Now what traces did he look for?
Muddy footprints? A series of easily read finger
prints? A combination broken with a sledge hammer?

I	should be jumping at conclusions if I theorized with-
out seeing the safe. But I am a doctor. I deal with
ailments of the body, not with bank vaults and safes.”
“Oh, but doctor,” cried Olive, “the Inspector says it
may be some freak of science and that it baffles him.
He believed you could suggest some key to the mys-
stery.”

  “Well, Miss Olive, there is but one answer to such
blind and flattering confidence. The principal work of
the medical conference is over, so I will make my
adieux and return to New York with you.”

  On the train, coming back, Olive Velie told Dr.
Jarvis all she knew of the situation.

  “Well, I am taking your word for it that Roger is
innocent,” Dr. Jarvis said, when she had finished. “If
he is, certainly the money did not walk away. If it is
gone, someone took it. These officials see only what is
before their eyes. Why, just from what you have told
me I can surmise some factors they have overlooked.

I	know the details in a general way as the papers
gave them. The Picayune had a good story about it.
One thing strikes me now. Isn’t it peculiar that rob-
bers, if they were ordinary robbers, ignored $10,000
in gold which they could have had easily enough?”
“The money which has been taken from the safe is
part of a foreign loan. Who would be interested in
preventing a foreign loan? People, obviously, who were
either preparing a royalist coup or those who were
against all capital. They might be both scientists and
crooks or they might be fanatics who imagined that
they were destined to rescue mankind from capitalistic
woes, either real or fancied. If they had brains enough
to conceive a plot to defeat such a loan, would they
leave traces of their exploit? Not very obvious ones,
you may be sure. You said communists are active in

Molgravia. If we knew something of the state of af-
fairs there, it might afford us a clue. As soon as we
return, you go to the newspaper ’morgue’ and get me
what information you can on conditions in Molgravia
for the past year.”

  “Dr. Jarvis,” cried Olive, “I’ll do just as you say,
for I know of no one who can help us but yourself.”

  “We’ll see. But let me caution you. Do not write
that you have seen me. Do not tell anyone that I am
interested. The men who planned this robbery, if any-
one did plan it, would not stop at anything, so you
must not give them any ground for suspicion. I feel
reasonably sure they have given no thought to de-
tection. If the theory forming in my mind is correct,
their plan was so diabolically cunning, that few men
would suspect a robbery.”

  How this restriction not to write, ate into Olive’s
heart, may well be imagined. But his command to in-
vestigate events in Molgravia gave her something to
occupy her mind.

  “You have heard,” Dr. Jarvis had said in the big
convention hall, “the phrase, ‘beware of the man of
one book.’ But I should say, beware of the man who
knows only one book well and many other books pass-
ing well. A broad general knowledge is essential in
any profession and lack of general attainments is a
handicap to success in medicine as in all other pro-
fessions.”

  “This man,” thought Olive to herself, “must already
have reached a solution of the safe robbery. And he
was a famous physician and surgeon, not a famous
detective. But,” she thought again, “acute brains are
found in all ranks of mankind and much good phil-
osophy may be expounded by a straight thinking,' un-
educated farmer."

■pp VENTS began to happen with the arrival of Doc-
tor Jarvis in New York two days later. In the
morning he walked to his garage and opened the door,
As he threw it open, the odor of gasoline was un-
usually strong. This struck him as peculiar. As he
opened the door of his car, a coupe, the odor became
very powerful. His eyes being observant, Dr. Jarvis
noted that the floor boards were not quite even. With
a pair of pliers he raised the floor boards. Beneath
was the battery in its metal case. Following the odor
of gasoline, he saw that the battery box was filled with
gasoline. The long, thick cable which led to the starter
was resting clear of the battery box, but any motion
of the car would throw it against the metal box.

  “Now, what would happen,” the doctor asked him-
self, “if that cable were short circuited and sparked at
the point of contact with the box? It would be a good
fat spark and with the gas vapor confined, there would
be a powerful explosion. The least I could hope for
would be a few weeks in the hospital.”

  He thanked his lucky stars that the leak of gas had
occurred just a few weeks after he had installed a new
cable. But he lifted the cable clear very gingerly.
Then he discovered that within the metal shield the
insulation of the wire had been cut away for a foot
along the cable. The moment he would have started the
car the cable would have been jarred to the metal box;
there would have been a short circuit and an explosion
that might have had any imaginable result.

  This incident set the doctor to thinking. With a
cord, he tied up the cable to prevent it from making
a contact. With a large sponge, he began to remove
the gasoline from the box. When this task was com-
pleted, he unscrewed the cable at the positive pole to
render it harmless. That his theory of the bank rob-
bery was the correct one he now had no doubt. His
arrival in New York had been transmitted to the ring-
leaders who feared what he might discover. To allay
50

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

their fears, therefore, he decided to make no visit to
the Castile Bank and Trust Company at Houston.
There was but one possible solution of the robbery.
His first duty was to report to the inspector the at-
tempt to wound or kill him and put that official on his
guard.

  Returning to his chambers he called for Inspector
Craven. When he heard Craven’s voice, he said,

  “I’m coming to see you in a taxi, Inspector,” he said,
“Just had an accident to my car. It nearly blew up.”
“Accident, hell,” said the inspector. “Wait till you
get here. I had one of those accidents, too.”

  When Dr. Jarvis reached headquarters, he found the
Inspector somewhat excited.

  “Doc,” he cried, “some poor devil, probably a car
thief, broke into my garage early this morning. When
he put his foot on the starter, she blew up and he was
killed. I investigated the thing myself. A decent sized
stick of dynamite with a percussion cap had been
wedged under the starter chain. The moment the
starter moved, off she went. Did your car have dyna-
mite, too?"

  “No, mine was not so deadly but just as complete.
My wiring system had the insulation cut. I might have
been maimed or killed if I had not discovered it. I
believe our Houston bank robbers are opening war.”
“What,” exploded Inspector Craven, “do you think
young Bolton is at the head of a gang of bank rob-
bers?”

  “What nonsense! The papers which I read gave all
the numbers on the stolen certificates. Have any of
these bills been offered to any bank, hotel or mer-
chant? If my supposition is correct, they have not.”
“None have been reported to the police, at any
rate,” said the Inspector, whose curiosity was aroused.
“Do you mean to say that without having been to the
bank you have already arrived at a theory of how the
money disappeared?”

  “After the events of this morning, I have no doubt
whatever. If you have enough confidence in my judg-
ment, I will tell you how we can arrive at a solution
of the mystery. If I am wrong, the right man is in
jail.”

  “I’ll be glad to do anything that looks like a show
of activity.”

  “No one suspects now that I have a clue, as I have
not been in New York, and have had no opportunity
to go over the ground,” said the doctor. “If I go to
the bank now, it would indicate that I hoped to find
one. Let us arrange a meeting at the Castile Bank and
Trust Company offices tomorrow night, when it will
attract least attention. It will be after banking hours
and we shall not be interrupted. We will need a few
‘supers’ however.”

  At the Molgravian communist headquarters in New
York, you will find some emissary of the communist
leader, Serge Malakieff, or perhaps one of his labora-
tory assistants. He will be an intellectual man. Prob-
ably, too, not very robust physically. Invite him to
meet us there tomorrow night. Any form of invitation
will bring him, I am sure. Next, you must find the
most skilful burglar now at liberty. He is one who
operates with uncanny cleverness. He uses a torch.
It is either oxyhydrogen or oxyacetylene. But he
never makes jagged holes. His safes are opened in
either a perfect circle or a perfect ellipse.”

  "By heaven, Doc, you must have been looking over
our gallery. That is a good description of Frenchy
Vergoyne’s method. But he is doing a stretch for
that New Brunswick robbery, unless he was pardoned
or paroled within the last two weeks. I must look
him up and arrest him if he is at liberty.”

  “If he is free, learn if he knows any good safe-
painters, who handle quick dryers. If there are any

unusually good machinists or metal workers at com-
munist headquarters, you might invite them up, too.
I think about five men carried out the robbery. Per-
haps more. If, as I anticipate, these men attend the
lecture I propose to give, I will show you tomorrow
night how the safe was robbed. Perhaps you can re-
cover the money. However, that is a police matter in
which I am not interested.”

  Doctor Jarvis then shook hands with Inspector
Craven and walked off to a consultation on X-ray
treatments as if the matter had been finally settled,
leaving Inspector Craven staring open mouthed as he
passed out the door.

  He was half inclined to prevent himself going into
so hairbrained a scheme by calling the doctor on the
telephone and dropping the investigation. The doctor
had not seen the bank, nor the safe, nor even young
Bolton. But looking over the memoranda on his desk,
he saw one item that had been placed there this very
morning. It stated that Frenchy Vergoyne had been
released on parole by the governor three weeks pre-
viously. It seemed he had a war record.

  The inspector immediately set his men on the burg-
lar’s trail. He was arrested as he stepped on a train-
bound west. Although he had been doing apparently
nothing, he Was very well provided with funds.

  “Well, chief,” he said with a shade of defiance,
“what's your charge?”

  “No charge at all, Frenchy,” said the Inspector.
“We want you to tell us how a safe can be cracked.
Just a sort of witness for the present. Get a lawyer
if you like, but I have no charge.”

  Frenchy, much mystified, was given a comfortable
guest room, with everything at his command except
liberty. He decided not to call for a lawyer.

  Inspector Craven, feeling worried now, consulted the
District Attorney. Mr. Glover, being a New York of-
ficial, and not likely to serve on the case against
Bolton, if it ever came up, took a liberal view of the
situation.

  "What have you done, after all, except detain
Frenchy as a witness? If Frenchy afterwards sues for
damages to his character or reputation, what good do
you suppose it would do him? I believe this doctor
is a clever guesser. And if he guesses anything else
than that young Bolton took the money, I will buy
you a good dinner.”

  When, on his return to his office, Inspector Craven
found Olive Velie on the telephone, he was in a peev-
ish humor.

  “What can I do for you, Miss Velie?” he asked.
  “Have you learned anything about the robbery?”

  “I can’t say that I have,” he said sourly enough.
“Doctor Jarvis has persuaded me to call a meeting at
the bank in Houston tomorrow night, at eight o'clock.
You can be there, if you like. The Doctor has under-
taken to persuade Houston officials to have Mr. Bolton
there, too. I have arrested a poor, innocent burglar
for nothing at all and what his lawyers will do to
me will be plenty. Then he babbled innocently about
some painter friends of his and I have invited a few
Molgravian communists to attend what seems to be a
scientific lecture the doctor wants to give. I really be-
lieve he has lost his mind.”

  “How droll you are, Inspector,” said Olive with a
laugh. “I am so glad it is all over. I will be there,
you may be sure.”

INSPECTOR CRAVEN’S worst fears were realized
the following night when, accompanied by two men
of his staff, he went, with the marvelling Frenchy, to
the Castile Bank and Trust Company. Three rows of
chairs had been placed in the space back of the tell-
ers’ cages and immediately to the front of the safe
THE ATOMIC RIDDLE

51

which had been robbed. Near the safe, the doctor
had placed a large blackboard.

  As they entered the building, he saw a knot of Mol-
gravian communists in animated conversation. They
smiled as he entered the bank. Mr. Briscoe, the pres-
ident of the bank, was there. Roger was there,
guarded by two officers. Dr. Jarvis was standing be-
fore his blackboard. There were four other individ-
uals, Molgravians, in the room besides Frenchy.

  Tom Velie had insisted on accompanying Olive to
the demonstration. He expected to witness a farce.
When he saw the blackboard, he yawned. Dr. Jarvis
was perhaps the only one, with the exception of the
Molgravians, who was unmoved. Frenchy Vergoyne
returned the doctor’s inspection with contempt He
was the professional type, this burglar. Huge, hulk-
ing in body, about thirty-five, heavy jowled, cold of
eye, Vergoyne did not lack intelligence. His lips closed
tightly, indicating habitual reticence.

  Two of the Molgravians were more interesting.
One, Doctor Jarvis noted, was a short thick set man,
with dark, curly hair. His face was bronzed and in-
telligent, but with an unmistakable air of the crafts-
man. His hands were calloused, while around the
nails could be seen scars of all kinds, from cuts or
bruises made by metals or tools. This Molgravian
bore the Americanized name of Grant Smith.

  The other Molgravian who attracted the doctor’s
attention met his eye with easy assurance. In phys-
ique, he was frail, his shoulders narrow; he might be
suspected of weak lungs. But the intellectual in his
face was so marked that Doctor Jarvis started. On
his wrists, Doctor Jarvis, an expert in all kinds of
scientific apparatus, noted brown stains. In another
man, he would have said they were signs of a dis-
ordered liver. But from his own experience, he rec-
ognized them for what they were—X-ray burns. This
man was known as Carlino Angulescu.

  Angulescu’s forehead was somewhat rounded. His
brown eyes glowed with a light of self-sufficiency so
great that it held an assumption of regal or celestial
scorn. The aquiline nose, finely designed, face finely
moulded, convinced the doctor that if he sought an
unusual being among the Molgravians, he need search
no further.

  Seeing everyone looking expectantly at him, Doctor
Jarvis took his station before the blackboard.

  “Miss Velie and gentlemen,” he said, including even
Frenchy Vergoyne in his bow, “I shall be as brief as
possible in discussing the intricate matters which
bring us together. I shall have to indulge in some
political speculation, which is far indeed from my
natural bent.

  “Now this §100,000 robbery, laid at the door of a
young man who had nothing to gain and all to lose
by such an act, seems to be nothing but a simple
breach of trust. But if young Bolton took the money,
why did he not take all? I learned that the money
stolen was part of a sum intended to make up the new
Molgravian loan, which was recently financed in
America. So I asked myself, ‘would anyone desire to
prevent the financing of the Molgravian loan?’

  “It seemed to me that if there was any definite
movement against the rulers of Molgravia, it might
furnish a motive. I found stories of a strong com-
munistic movement there with an active propaganda
in the United States.

  “Having found a motive which might induce cer-
tain individuals to go to great lengths to prevent fin-
ancing a loan which would materially increase the
power and prestige of the royal house, there was a
strange problem to solve. How could anyone but Bolton
open the safe and leave no trace of having opened it?

  “Discarding the extreme improbability that Bolton

was the guilty man, I considered the surroundings.
Item one, a new safe; item two, $100,000 taken,
$10,000 in gold left; item three, $100,000 was the
share of the bank’s Molgravian loan. Finally, I
reached the extremely bizarre conclusion that the safe
had been opened, the money taken out, and the safe
closed again.

  “In order to make clear how this was done, I shall
have to go over some facts and theories of elemental
chemistry and physics.”

  A look of incredulity appeared on the face of In-
spector Craven. He pinched himself. The doctor evi-
dently had started no farce. Was he fool enough to
think a lecture on chemistry would solve a safe rob-
bery? He was on the point of walking out, but re-
called a few other lectures by Dr. Jarvis and stayed.
Bolton was all ears. Olive was following every word.
Tom Velie was nodding.

  "First of all we must talk about two elements.
Hydrogen and oxygen. You may recall, some of you, if
you read what scientists are doing, that several years
ago, when these two elements were first liquefied, the
greatest handicaps were in finding pressures enormous
enough to produce liquefaction. What they finally dis-
covered was this: The gases themselves will contribute
to their own liquefaction. If sealed hermetically in the
instrument or vessel, the hydrogen or oxygen gas on
being heated, will expand until it finally exerts suf-
ficient pressure for some of the gas to liquefy.

  “Now I must describe briefly, the nature of hydro-
gen. It commonly exists in the molecular state. Two
atoms make up this molecule. Each atom has one
proton and one electron, the proton carrying a pos-
itive charge of electricity and the electron a negative
charge. To break up this molecule of hydrogen into
two atoms, the scientist, Langmuir, calculated would
require an energy of 100,000 calories, or sufficient to
increase the temperature of the gas to 36,000 degrees
Fahrenheit—far more than the heat of the sun.

  "The scientists could not accumulate so much energy
or heat and bring it to bear on the hydrogen mole-
cules. But remember this. All forms of energy are in-
terchangeable. You turn a button in your kitchen and
your electricity becomes heat. You push another but-
ton and your electricity becomes light You fire a
boiler, run a dynamo and heat becomes electricity. In
the various forms of light there are varying forms of
energy. In fact, the modern idea of light is that it is
composed of bundles of energy. The different forms
of light correspond to various forms and quantities
of energy.

  “In the ultra-violet light waves, for instance, was
found the energy corresponding to the 160,000 calories,
which was the amount estimated necessary to break up
the hydrogen molecule. But hydrogen is immune to the
influence of such light.”

  Inspector Craven was preparing to join Tom Velie in
his soothing nap, when he observed the Molgravian,
Carlino Angulesu. As Doctor Jarvis began to comment
on the nature of the hydrogen molecule, his face lost
its disdainful look and he bent forward that he might
lose not a syllable. If this Molgravian saw something
in the doctor’s crazy talk, the Inspector thought he
might at least try to follow it. But he glanced from
time to time at the Molgravian, whose interest seemed
to grow rather than wane.

  “If,” continued Dr. Jarvis, “the immunity of the
hydrogen molecule to the influence of the ultra-violet
rays could not be broken, then one very promising
method of obtaining atmoic hydrogen would have been
in vain. But other elements do not share the immunity
of hydrogen. Mercury vapor absorbs ultra-violet light
very readily. The problem, therefore, became simpler.
Why not load mercury atoms with ultra-violet light
52

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and bombard the hydrogen molecule with them? The
mercury atom, which has absorbed ultra-violet light, is
called an excited mercury atom. And these mercury
atoms, even in the proportion- of one to ten thousand
in a gas mixture, will become excited with sufficient
ultra-violet light waves to make the equivalent of

112,000	calories in energy, which is 12,000 more than
the 100,000 needed to dissolve the union of the two
atoms in the hydrogen molecule. Now if a quantity of
these excited mercury atoms is introduced into an
atmosphere of molecular hydrogen, a number of col-
lisions will take place. The excited mercury atoms will
Strike the hydrogen molecule and its 112,000 calories
of ultra-violet energy will be exerted against the hy-
drogen molecule. The energy is sufficient to cause the
two atoms of hydrogen to fly apart and the mercury
atom, having given up its energy, is no longer excited.
The action is like this: (Here Dr. Jarvis drew a
couple of diagrams on the blackboard.)

— ----------------i, : —I S

  3EF0R.E COLLISION

EXCITED MERCURY MOLECULE HYDROGEN MOLECULE
    Monatomic	/'“V Diatomic

   112,000 CALORIES	^

AFTER COLLISION

    HYOROGEN ATOMS 50,000 CALORIES EACH

- o~ — o—

             MERCURY MOLECULE.

                12,000	CALORIES

o

«'W'OU will wonder at once what good is accom-
I plished by this dissolution of the hydrogen
molecule. Well, first of all, it makes available the
enormous energy in heat, of 100,000 calories. For if
we .expand 100,000 calories to break up the hydrogen
molecule, when the atoms come together again, we get
our 100,000 calories of heat back. If we have a suf-
ficient number of these atoms, we can get a heat far
beyond that produced by any appliance now known.

  “We have gone even further than this. Hydrogen
ions or protons exist in sulphuric acid. When they
meet the electrons, of which the electric current is
composed, in a sulphuric acid solution, the electrons
join the ions or protons and we see hydrogen atoms
in the making.

  "Atmoic hydrogen is much more active than mole-
cular hydrogen. And if we can find a means of using
the 100,000 calories of heat developed every time two
hydrogen atoms unite to form a molecule, we should
have something very useful indeed in such a process,
for example, as welding. Now, Miss Velie, if you will
awaken your father, the rest of the demonstration
will interest him.”

  Velie was awakened and the doctor resumed his
lecture. Angulescu seemed absorbedly interested,
which served to keep the Inspector awake.

  “As ultra-violet rays are not easy to handle com-
mercially, atomic hydrogen for welding can be pro-
cured in another way. If molecular hydrogen is
passed into a powerful electric arc between tungsten
electrodes, it will be broken up into atoms. These,
coming out of the arc as they burn into the molecular
form, again, generate heat, almost double that of the
oxyhydrogen flame. Knowing this, the use of hydro-
gen atoms in welding becomes a certainty.

  “All other welding is subject to what are known as
fluxes from oxidation at the point of welding. Now
why do we talk of welding by means of hydrogen
atoms when we are seeking to unravel a bank rob-
bery? I will show you very speedily. I have had the
paint cleared from one side of this safe. Inspector
Craven, will you be good enough to examine the side
which was cleaned?”

  The Inspector looked at the side of the safe and
gave a low whistle of astonishment. In a perfect
circle about the middle of this wall of the safe, the
metal showed the mark of some kind of tampering.
Apparently the metal had been cut with a tool of
some kind and sealed shut with another tool. A band
of a different color stood between the outer and the
inner lines of the cut.

  “What does it mean, Doc?” asked the Inspector,
gaping with astonishment.

  "It means just this, my friends,” said Doctor Jarvis,
“a hole was cut into the side of this safe and sealed
shut. I believe we shall find another cut in the roof
of the safe. The inside of that hole could not be
sealed so well, but very few people would think of
looking at the roof of the safe for an opening. It is
considered a negligible matter.”

  The door of the safe swung open. When a light
was thrown on the inside roof of the safe, there, sure
enough, was the same sort of circular mark in the
metal as was seen on the side of the safe.

  Everybody now became thoroughly absorbed. Olive
and Roger exchanged a glance of mutual relief. Tom

Velie rubbed his eyes, saying, "Well, I'll be d-d.”

Inspector Craven was in a fever Of impatience. Did
that confounded doctor intend to lecture all night
and possibly let the robbers, whoever they were, es-
cape? And what had become of the $100,000? After
everyone had looked curiously at the marks on the
safe, Doctor Jarvis resumed.

  “I do not believe it is necessary for me to prove
further, that this safe was opened on the night of the
mysterious disappearance of the $100,000. I shall pro-
ceed to tell you how it was opened and how it was so
effectively sealed shut that for ordinary purposes it would
not have been discovered until the bank removed it
and bought a new safe.

  “A band of several men entered the bank that night.
They were equipped with oxyacetylene or oxyhydrogen
apparatus. One of the men, skilful in such work, drew
a circle of the cut he proposed to make. With his
torch he cut a disc in the side of the safe large
enough to admit the body of a man. He performed the
same operation.in the roof of the safe. He beveled the
cut so that the disc would not fall from the roof into
the safe.

  “To answer possible objections, I must assume at
once that it would have been easier to cut around
the combination, but that would also have cut the
tumblers and they could not have been replaced. HaVr
ing cut two regular holes in the safe, the sum of
$100,000 in notes was taken out and $10,000 in gold
was ignored. The next problem was to seal the two
holes shut so as to leave no obvious signs of the rob-
bery.

  "The robbers were provided with a quantity of
metal. The disc which had been cut in the side of the
safe was first set in place. A narrow band of metal
was missing where the tool had burned through. With
a different kind of torch, the most trained worker of
the robbers now proceeded to fuse sufficient new metal
to seal the opening into the space which had been cut
between the disc of metal and the wall of che safe.
If only older methods of welding had been open to the
robbers, their plan to conceal the robbery would have
THE ATOMIC RIDDLE

53

been futile. But by using activated, or atomic hydro-
gen at the point of fusion or welding, so great a
heat was developed that the skilled worker had little
difficulty in making a neat job of it. When he had
smoothed it off, there was practically no unevenness
on the surface of the safe. The paint had been marred,
of course, but would such men be baffled by a paint
job?

  “Now for a moment I must tax your patience with
a description of the instrument used for this purpose.
It is a welding torch with tungsten electrodes, ar-
ranged at an acute angle toward each other. Their
distance apart is regulated by pressing a lever set
in the handle of the torch. The alternating current
from any socket would serve admirably for power.
A tube passes through the handle and through this
tube flows a stream of hydrogen. This stream of hy-
drogen passes through the electric arc, and is reduced
to atoms. Passing through the arc, it is in the atomic
state at the point of welding. Burning again to the
molecular state, it generates a heat that will fuse any-
thing. As the reducing action of this atomic hydrogen
Is so powerful, no carbon, oxygen or nitrogen con-
tamination can occur. The weld can be made as clean
and smooth as desired.

  "Not to tire you further with occult science, I will
simply state then that the inside and outside of the
safe were carefully sealed by means of this hydrogen
welding apparatus. The workman, who sealed the side
af the safe, was then lifted from the interior by his
confederates. They could do little with the inside of
the safe roof. The outside, however, was sealed up

with care. But who would look for safe-blowing at
the roof of the safe?

  “If my long explanation leads to the supposition
that all this requires much time, Inspector Craven
will tell you that with the proper apparatus, the holes
could be cut in a few minutes. Welding with atomic
hydrogen can be done at the rate of fifty or more feet
per hour. While the explanation is involved, the exe-
cution takes little time.”

  Disgust was supreme on Inspector Craven’s face
as this demonstration ended. So far as he could see,
all the doctor had shown was that there was a
method by which a hole could be cut in a safe and
the hole sealed up again. The doctor seemed to read
his thoughts:

  “Now that I have shown how this safe could have
been robbed, my friend, Inspector Craven, is eager
for action. But I am merely a scientific theorist and
must indulge my bent into the realm of politics. I
thought the Inspector would take the story up from
where I ended. I know little of politics, but when
several men take so much trouble to hide their handi-
work, I reason there must be a correspondingly im-
portant motive.

  “The only money these robbers took from the safe
was $100,000, which formed part of a $50,000,000 loan
to Molgravia. Holding up any part of the loan, it is
true, would be a temporary impediment. But if this
robbery were not discovered, a man of honor would
be accused of a breach of trust. Suppose the same
thing happened in New York and other large cities,
where the majority of the loan was distributed? A

The door of th© safe swung open. When a light was thrown on the In-
side roof of the safe, there, 6urcj enough, was the same sort of circular
mark in the metal as seen on the side of the safe.

dozen trusted cashiers would be placed in jail, $50,-
000,000 would disappear and the Molgravian govern-
ment would be discredited. Would that be worth a little
research into the realms of atomic hydrogen welding?”
The doctor may well be pardoned for the little ex-
ultation that appeared in his voice. His reasoning had
54

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

been uncanny. But the doctor had ignored one very
important factor. The attempt on his automobile
should have taught him that men who plot schemes of
such magnitude are resourceful and desperate.

«pUT ’em up everybody!”

 A This command came in curt fierce tones from
Frenchy Vergoyne. Not being under arrest and being
a very accomplished criminal, he had picked the
pockets of Inspector Craven and his two deputies, re-
lieving them of their weapons and their watches. Two
of the pistols he now held in his hands. “Now all of
you get over there," he commanded. “And keep that
skirt in front of you. If anyone makes a move, she
will get it first.” In all this time since his imprison-
ment, Roger Bolton had been unable to make one
move on his own behalf. And at this critical moment
when those who had caused his disgrace seemed to
be near capture, a determined and desperate burglar
dared to call the woman he loved, a skirt. It was en-
tirely too much for Roger Bolton.

  Roger made one fierce lunge at the burglar, precisely
as he had been in the habit of charging the line in his
college football days. Before Frenchy Vergoyne knew
what was happening, Roger struck him like a catapult.
He twisted the gun out of Vergoyne’s right hand and
struck up the other. The trigger fell, but the bullet
struck the ceiling. By this time Inspector Craven had
gotten into action and Frenchy Vergoyne was soon on
the floor, Inspector Craven astride his chest, with gun
in hand. Frenchy Vergoyne d red not make a move.
But in the confusion, Carlino Angulescu, Grant Smith
and two other Molgravians dashed through the iron
mesh door, which led from the rear of the tellers’
cages, closing it as they ran. Not daring to take his
eyes off Frenchy, Inspector Craven roared to his men.

  “Follow them, round them up before they get out of
Houston.”

  Then he turned to Frenchy.

  “Now, Frenchy,” he said, with his gun to his pris-
oner’s face, “you or your gang killed one of our men
in that New Brunswick robbery. No matter how I kill
you, there will be no blame attached to me. All the
men on the force will see to that. Tell me where that
loot is, or this gun will go off in a few seconds.”
"Frenchy did not want to die. In a low voice he
told Inspector Craven that the sum of $100,000 in
notes was still intact under constant guard at an ad-
dress in New York.

“Roger,” called the Inspector, “keep this gun
trained on Frenchy until I get a report. If he is ly-
ing, he won’t have long to worry over his troubles.”
In a few seconds more Inspector Craven was tele-
phoning a police station near the New York address.

  “Clancy,” he cried to the lieutenant who answered
the telephone, “take the riot car and ten men fully

armed to No.-Avenue. You will find the loot from

the Castile Bank and Trust Company robbery there,
if my information is correct. Phone me at the bank
the moment you verify this report.”

  Within twenty minutes the telephone rang.

«r tELLO, Inspector,” called Clancy, “we got the
money all right. We had to kill a man who
tried to shoot us up. We’re coming with the dough.”

  As soon as the inspector had announced this start-
ling piece of news, the entire party, including Mr.
Briscoe, joined in a prolonged “Hurrah.”

Carlino Angulescu and his companions had doubtless
safely gotten to New York. Frenchy Vergoyne, see-
ing that he was not kept under guard, walked from
the room and resumed his journey to Chicago.
“Doctor,” said Craven, somewhat repentantly, “I

owe you an apology. I thought you were so fond of
science that you had forgotten all about our safe rob-
bery. You didn’t mention it but I suppose they painted
over the place where they had cut the safe.”

  “Oh, of course,” said the doctor, “that was a small
detail. They had to repaint the entire surface of one
side of the safe. But with a quick drying paint, that
was a simple matter.”

  "Well,” said Mr. Briscoe, “since the money has been
recovered and we know now who took it, I think the
officers had better release Roger Bolton. We owe him
all kinds of amends, but what else could we do?”
When Clancy had arrived with his men and the
stolen money, Inspector Craven ordered two to remain
on guard until Mr. Briscoe had decided on a proper
disposition of the fund.

  “Dr. Jarvis,” cried Mr. Briscoe, as soon as the
money had been counted, found intact and deposited in
the large vault in the basement, “the manner in which
you solved this intricate robbery is nothing short of
marvellous. We have an ample surplus in the bank,
and the insurance companies have offered a large re-
ward for the recovery of the stolen notes. The re-
wards belong to you, certainly.”

  “Mr. Briscoe,” replied the doctor, diffidently, “to me
the whole affair was a scientific problem to be solved
as such. My entire interest in this affair was due to
the confidence Miss Velie had in this young man and
her enthusiasm in my ability to help her. I may say
that I count Roger Bolton a most fortunate man.”
Olive blushed at this announcement, but confirmed
the doctor’s opinion by pressing Roger’s arm, which
had been locked in hers for some minutes. Tom Velie,
wide awake, said,

  “Doc, the police force sure needs you if these burg-
lars are going in for invisible robberies. How you got
at the thing without ever coming here, when the police
had been over the ground with microscopes, beats me.
But you must take dinner with us Sunday and explain
what I missed. I am going to offer Roger a better
job under my eye, where I can look after my future
son-in-law. And he had better set the date pretty soon.”
When they were married, Roger insisted that Doctor
Jarvis act as best man. Olive blushingly insists that
their first born, whether boy or girl, shall bear
“Jarvis” as a middle name.

  The large banks, warned in time, took precautions
that effectively prevented any further attack on the
Molgravian loan. Inspector Craven was offered a very
large reward, which he at first refused to take. But
when he found that Doctor Jarvis, who was very well
off, would have nothing to do with the reward, he in-
formed the bankers how the method of this robbery
had been discovered. With the aid of Tom Velie, they
endowed a million dollar laboratory at one of the hos-
pitals, placing a large income at the disposal of the
doctor for his experiments and researches.

  Carlino Angulescu, it was learned, was none other
than the scientist. Serge Malakieff, who had devoted
his science to the cause of communism. He wrote
Doctor Jarvis that he was prostituting his talents for
the benefit of capitalism, a decision he might sometime
regret. While the doctor recognized Malakieff’s great
ability, he shrugged his shoulders at the notion of a
threat. At the same time he received an invitation
from the Molgravian government, which had heard of
his achievement, to address the International Medical
Association, which was to meet in the Molgravian
capital the following year. He immediately set out for
his new laboratory where he decided that a talk on the
“Influence of ultra-violet rays on either delicata or
fibrous tissues,” would be highly interesting to the
Molgravians.

The End.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

          by Ji.G. Wells

Author of “The Time Machine,” “The Island of Dr. Moreau, etc.”

  Isbister stopped abruptly. “No?” was all he said,
but his bearing conveyed his helpful impulse.

  “It may sound incredible,” said the stranger, turn-
ing weary eyes to Isbister’s face and emphasizing his
words with a languid hand, “but I have had no sleep—
no sleep at all for six nights.”

  “Had advice?”

  “Yes. Bad advice for the most part. Drugs. My
nervous system. . . They are all very well for the
run of people. It’s hard to explain. I dare not take
. . . sufficiently powerful drugs.”

  “That makes it difficult,” said Isbister.

  He stood helplessly in the narrow path, perplexed
what to do. Clearly the man wanted to talk. An idea
natural enough under the circumstances, prompted him
to keep the conversation going. “I’ve never suffered
from sleeplessness myself,” he said in a tone of com-
monplace gossip, “but in those cases I have known, peo-
ple have usually found something—”

  “I dare make no experiments."

CHAPTER I

Insomnia

afternoon, at low water, Mr. Isbister, a
young artist lodging at Boscastle, walked
from that place to the picturesque cove of
Pentargen, desiring to examine the caves
there. Halfway down the precipitous path
to the Pentargen beach he came suddenly upon a man
sitting in an attitude of profound distress beneath a
projecting mass of rock. The hands of this man hung
limply over his knees, his eyes were red and staring be-
fore him, and his face was wet with tears.

  He glanced round at Isbister’s football. Both men
were disconcerted, Isbister the more so, and, to over-
ride the awkwardness of his involuntary pause, he re-
marked, with an air of mature conviction, that the
weather was hot for the time of year.

“Very,” answered the stranger shortly, hesitated a
second, and added in a colorless tone, “I can’t sleep.”

55
56

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  He spoke wearily. He gave a gesture of rejection,
and for a space both men were silent.

  “Exercise?” suggested Isbister diffidently, with a
glance from his interlocutor's face of wretchedness to
the touring costume he wore.

  “That is what I have tried. Unwisely perhaps. I
have followed the coast, day after day—from New Quay.
It has only added muscular fatigue to the mental. The
cause of this unrest was overwork—trouble. There was
something—”

  He stopped as if from sheer fatigue. He rubbed his
forehead with a lean hand. He resumed speech like
one who talks to himself.

  “I am a lone wolf, a solitary man, wandering through
a world in which I have no part. I am wifeless—child-
less—who is it speaks of the childless as the dead twigs
on the tree of life? I am wifeless, childless—I could
find no duty to do. No desire even in my heart. One
thing at last I set myself to do.

   “I said, I will do this, and to do it, to overcome the iner-
tia of this dull body, I resorted to drugs. Great God, I’ve
had enough of drugs! I don’t know if you feel the
heavy inconvenience of the body, its exasperating de-
mand of time from the mind—time—life! Live! We
only live in patches. We have to eat, and then comes the
dull digestive complacencies—or irritations. We have to
take the air or else our
thoughts grow sluggish, stu-
pid, run into gulfs and blind
alleys. A thousand distrac-
tions arise from within and
without, and then comes
drowsiness and sleep. Men
seem to live for sleep. How
little of a man’s day is his
own—even at the best! And
then come those false friends,
those Thug helpers, the alka-
loids that stifle natural fa-
tigue and kill rest—black
coffee, cocaine—”

  “I see,” said Isbister.

  “I did my work,” said the
sleepless man with a queru-
lous intonation.

  “And this is the price?”

  “Yes.”

  For a little while the
two remained without speak-
ing.

  “You can not imagine the
craving for rest that I feel—a
hunger and thirst. For six
long days, since my work was
done, my mind has been a
whirlpool, swift, unprogres-
sive and incessant, a torrent
of thoughts leading nowhere,
spinning round swift and
steady—”

  He paused. “Towards the
gulf."

  “You must sleep,” said Isbister decisively, and with
an air of a remedy discovered. "Certainly you must
sleep.”

  “My mind is perfectly lucid. It was never clearer.
But I know I am drawing towards the vortex. Pres-
ently—”

  “Yes?”

  “You have seen things go down an eddy? Out of the
light of the day, out of this sweet world of sanity—
down—”

  “But,” expostulated Isbister.

  The man threw out a hand towards him, and his eyes
were wild, and his voice suddenly high. “I shall kill
myself. If in no other way—at the foot of yonder dark
precipice there, where the waves are green, and the
white surge lifts and falls, and that little thread of
water trembles down. There at any rate is . . .
sleep.”

  "That’s unreasonable,” said Isbister, startled at the
man’s hysterical gust of emotion. “Drugs are better
than that.”

  “There at any rate is sleep,” repeated the stranger,
not heeding him.

  Isbister looked at him and wondered transitorily if
some complex Providence had indeed brought them to-
gether that afternoon. "It’s not certain, you know,” he
remarked. “There’s a cliff like that at Lulworth Cove—
as high, anyhow—and a little girl fell from top to bot-
tom. And lives today—sound and well.”

  “But those rocks there?”

  "One might lie on them rather dismally through a
cold night, broken bones grating as one shivered, chill
water splashing over you. Eh?”

  Their eyes met. “Sorry to upset your ideals,” said
Isbister with a sense of devil-may-careish brilliance.
“But a suicide over that cliff (or any cliff for the mat-
ter of that), really, as an artist—” He laughed. It’s
so damned amateurish.”

  "But the other thing,” said
the sleepless man irritably,
“the other thing. No man
can keep sane if night after
night—”

  “Have you been walking
along this coast alone?”
“Yes.”

  “Silly sort of thing to do.
If you’ll excuse my saying
so. Alone! As you say;
body fag is no cure for brain
fag. Who told you to? No
wonder; walking! And the
sun on your head, heat, fag,
solitude, all the day long, and
then, I suppose, you go to
bed and try very hard—eh?”
Isbister stopped short and
looked at the sufferer doubt-
fully.

  nLook at these rocks!”
cried the seated man with a
sudden force of gesture,
“Look at that sea that has
shone and quivered there for-
ever! See the white spume
rush into darkness under
that great cliff. And this
blue vault, with the blinding
sun pouring from the dome
of it. It is your world. You
accept it, you rejoice in it.
It warms and supports and
delights you. And for me—”
Tie turned his head and showed a ghastly face, blood-
s’.ot, pallid eyes and bloodless lips. He spoke almost
in a whisper. “It is the garment of my misery. The
whole world ... is the garment of my misery.”
Isbister looked at all the wild beauty of the sunlit
cliffs about them and back to that face of despair. For
a moment he was silent.

He started, ?nd made a gesture of impatient rejec-
tion. “You get a night’s sleep,” he said, “and you
won’t see much misery out here. Take my word for it.”
He was quite sure now that this was a providential

     T F one were to ask us for the names of the
     five greatest scientific stories that have
     been written so far, one of the five would,
     unquestionably be, “WHEN THE
     SLEEPER WAKES.”

        Few stories of the scientifiction type are
     as absorbing or grip your imagination
     with such intensity as does this story. The
     theme of a man waking up after a 200
     year sleep may not be so novel in itself,
     but under Wells’ treatment it certainly be-
     comes the outstanding story of its class of
     all times. It is crammed f ull with adven-
     ture and surprises and there is hardly a
     page that does not retain your full inter-
     est. While this story was written years
     ago, before the advent of the aeroplane, it
     still remains true in practically every way.
     Mr. Wells not only anticipated the aero-
     plane and to a good extent, broadcasting,
     as it has come to pass, but he anticipated
     many other inventions, some of which we
     are still ignorant of, though they are cer-
     tain to be realized. If you want to know
     what the world will very likely look like
     200 years from now, read this masterpiece.

       Of added interest is the fact that we
     have preserved the original illustrations
     conceived by an English artist which will
     go far toward a better unders'landing of
     the story.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

57

encounter. Only half an hour ago he had been feeling
horribly bored. Here was employment the bare thought
of which was righteous self-applause. He took posses-
sion forthwith. It seemed to him that the first need
of this exhausted being was companionship. He flung
himself down on the steeply sloping turf beside the mo-
tionless seated figure, and deployed forthwith into a
skirmishing line of gossip.

  His hearer seemed to have lapsed into apathy; he
stared dismally seaward, and spoke only in answer to
Isbister’s direct questions—and not to all of those. But
he made no sign of objection to this benevolent intrusion
upon his despair.

  In a helpless way he seemed even grateful, and when
presently Isbister, feeling that his unsupported talk was
losing vigour, suggested that they should reascend the
steep and return towards Boscastle, alleging the view
into Blackapit, he submitted quietly. Halfway up he be-
gan talking to himself, and abruptly turned a ghastly
face on his helper. “What can be happening?” he asked
with a gaunt illustrative hand. “What can be happen-
ing? Spin, spin, spin, spin. It goes round and round,
round and round for evermore.”

  He stood with his hand circling.

  “It’s all right, old chap,” said Isbister with the air
of an old friend. “Don’t worry yourself. Trust to me.”

THE man dropped his hand and turned again. They
went over the brow in single file and to the head-
land beyond Penally with the sleepless man gesticulating
ever and again, and speaking fragmentary things con-
cerning his whirling brain. At the headland they stood
for a space by the seat that looks into the dark mys-
teries of Blackapit, and then he sat down. Isbister
had resumed his talk whenever the path had widened
sufficiently for them to walk abreast. He was enlarg-
ing upon the complex difficulty of making Boscastle Har-
bour in bad weather, when suddenly and quite irrel-
evantly his companion interrupted him again.

  “My head is not like what it was,” he said, gesticu-
lating for want of expressive phrases. "It’s not like
what it was. There is a sort of oppression, a weight.
No—not drowsiness, would God it were! It is like a
shadow, a deep shadow falling suddenly and swiftly
across something busy. Spin, spin into the darkness.
The tumult of thought, the confusion, the eddy and eddy.
I can’t express it. I can hardly keep my mind on it—
steadily enough to tell you.”

  He stopped feebly.

  “Don’t trouble, old chap,” said Isbister. “I think
I can understand. At any rate, it doesn’t matter very
much just at present about telling me, you know.’’

  The sleepless man thrust his knuckles into his eyes
and rubbed them. Isbister talked for awhile while
this rubbing continued, and then he had a fresh idea.
"Come down to my room,” he said, “and try a pipe. I
can show you some sketches of this Blackapit. If you’d
care?”

  The other rose obediently and followed him down the
steep.

  Several times Isbister heard him stumble as they came
down, and his movements were slow and hesitating.
“Come in with me,” said Isbister, "and try some cigar-
ettes and the blessed gift of alcohol. If you take
alcohol?”

  The stranger hesitated at the garden gate. He seemed
no longer clearly aware of his actions. “I don’t drink,”
he said slowly, coming up the garden path, and after a
moment’s interval repeated absently, “No—I don’t drink.
It goes round. Spin, it goes—spin—”

  He stumbled at the doorstep and entered the room
with the bearing of one who sees nothing.

  Then he sat down abruptly and heavily in the easy

chair, seemed almost to fall into it. He leant forward
with his brows on his hands and became motionless.

  Presently he made a faint sound in his throat. Isbister
moved about the room with the nervousness of an in-
experienced host, making little remarks that scarcely re-
quired answering. He crossed the room to his portfolio,
placed it on the table and noticed the mantel clock.

  “I don’t know if you’d care to have supper with me,”
he said with an unlighted cigarette in his hand—his
mind troubled with a design of the furtive administra-
tion of chloral. “Only cold mutton, you know, but pass-
ing sweet. Welsh. And a tart, I believe.” He repeated
this after momentary silence.

  The seated man made no answer. Isbister stopped,
match in hand, regarding him.

  The stillness lengthened. The match went out, the
cigarette was put down unlit. The man was certainly
very still. Isbister took up the portfolio, opened it, put
it down, hesitated, seemed about to speak. “Perhaps,”
he whispered doubtfully. Presently he glanced at the
door and back to the figure. Then he stole on tiptoe
out of the room, glancing at his companion after each
elaborate pace.

  He closed the door noiselessly. The house door was
standing open, and he went out beyond the porch, and
stood where the monkshood rose at the corner of the
garden bed. From this point he could see the stranger
through the open window, still and dim, sitting head
on hand. He had not moved.

  A number of children going along the road stopped
and regarded the artist curiously. A boatman ex-
changed civilities with him. He felt that possibly his
circumspect attitude and position seemed peculiar and
unaccountable. Smoking, perhaps, might seem more
natural. He drew pipe and pouch from his pocket, filled
the pipe slowly.

  “I wonder,” ... he said, with a scarcely per-
ceptible loss of complacency. “At any rate one must
give him a chance.” He struck a match in the virile
way, and proceeded to light his pipe.

  Presently he heard his landlady behind him, coming
with his lamp lit from the kitchen. He turned, ges-
ticulating with his pipe, and stopped her at the door
of his sitting-room. He had some difficulty in explain-
ing the situation in whispers, for she did not know he
had a visitor. She retreated again with the lamp, still a
little mystified to judge from her manner, and he re-
sumed his hovering at the comer of the porch, flushed
and less at his ease.

  Long after he had smoked out his pipe, and when
the bats were abroad, his curiosity dominated his com-
plex hesitations, and he stole back into his darkling
sitting-room. He paused in the doorway. The stranger
was still in the same attitude, dark against the window.
Save for the singing of some sailors aboard one of the
little slate-carrying ships in the harbour, the evening
was very still. Outside, the spikes of monkshood and
delphinium stood erect and motionless against the
shadow of the hillside. Something flashed into Isbister’s
mind; he started, and leaning over the table, listened.
An unpleasant suspicion grew stronger; became convic-
tion. Astonishment seized him and became—dread!

  No sound of breathing came from the seated figure!

  1-Ie crept slowly and noiselessly round the table, paus-
ing twice to listen. At last he could lay his hand on
the back of the armchair. He bent down until the
two heads were ear to ear.

  Then he bent still lower to look up at his visitor’s
face. He started violently and uttered an exclamation.
The eyes were void spaces of white.

  He looked again and saw that they were open and
with pupils rolled under the lids. He was suddenly
afraid. Overcome by the strangeness of the man’s con-
58

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

'

It is either death or a fit.

dition, he took him by the shoulder and shook him.
"Are you asleep?” he said, with his voice jumping into
alto, and again, "Are you asleep?”

  A conviction took possession of his mind that this
man was dead. He suddenly became active and noisy,
strode across the room, blundering against the table as
he did so, and rang the bell.

  "Please bring a light at once,” he said in the passage.
"There is something wrong with my friend.”

  Then he returned to the motionless seated figure,
grasped the shoulder, shook it, and shouted. The room
was flooded with yellow glare as his astonished landlady
entered with the light. His face was white as he turned
blinking towards her. “I must fetch a doctor at once,”
he said. "It is either death or a fit. Is there a doctor
in the village? Where is a doctor to be found?”

                CHAPTER II
                The Trance

THE state of cataleptic rigour into which this man
had fallen, lasted for an unprecedented length of
time, and then he passed slowly to the flaccid state,
to a lax attitude suggestive of profound repose. Then
it was his eyes could be closed.

  He was removed from the hotel to the Boscastle
surgery, and from the surgery, after some weeks, to
London. But he still resisted every attempt at reani-
mation. After a time, for reasons that will appear later,
these attempts were discontinued. For a great space he
lay in that strange condition, inert and still—neither
dead nor living but, as it were, suspended, hanging mid-
way between nothingness and existence. His was a dark-
ness unbroken by a ray of thought or sensation, a dream-
less inanition, a vast space of peace. The tumult of
his mind had swelled and risen to an abrupt climax of

silence. Where was the man? Where is any man when
insensibility takes hold of him?

  “It seems only yesterday,” said Isbister. "I remember
it all as though it happened yesterday—clearer perhaps,
than if it had happened yesterday.”

  It was the Isbister of the last chapter, but he was
no longer a young man. The hair that had been brown
and a trifle in excess of the fashionable length, was iron
grey and clipped close, and the face that had been pink
and white was buff and ruddy. He had a pointed beard
shot with grey. He talked to an elderly man who wore
a summer suit of drill (the summer of that year was
unusually hot). This was Warming, a London solicitor,
and next of kin to Graham the man who had fallen into
the trance. And the two men stood side by side in a
room in a house in London regarding his recumbent
figure.

  It was a yellow figure lying lax upon a water-bed
and clad in a flowing shirt, a figure with a shrunken
face and a stubby beard, lean limbs and lank nails, and
about it was a case of thin glass. This glass seemed to
mark off the sleeper from the reality of life about him,
he was a thing apart, a strange, isolated abnormality.
The two men stood close to the glass, peering in.

  “The thing gave me a shock,” said Isbister. "I feel
a queer sort of surprise even now when I think of his
white eyes. They were white, you know, rolled up. Com-
ing here again brings it all back to me.”

  “Have you never seen him since that time?” asked
Warming.

  “Often wanted to come,” said Isbister; “but business
nowadays is too serious a thing for much holiday keep-
ing. I’ve been in America most of the time.”

  “If I remember rightly,” said Warming, “you were
an artist?”

  “Was. And then I became a married man. I saw
it was all up with black and white, very soon—at least
for a mediocre man; I jumped on to process. Those pos-
ters on the Cliffs at Dover are by my people.”

  “Good posters,” admitted the solicitor, "though I was
sorry to see them there.”

  “Last as long as the cliffs, if necessary,” exclaimed
Isbister with satisfaction. “The world changes. When
he fell asleep, twenty years ago, I was down at Boscastle
with a box of water-colors and a noble, old-fashioned
ambition. I didn’t expect that some day my pigments
would glorify the whole blessed coast of England, from
Land's End round again to the Lizard. Luck comes to
a man very often when he’s not looking.”

  Warming seemed to doubt the quality of the luck. “I
just missed seeing you if I recollect aright.”

  “You came back by the trap that took me to Camel-
ford railway station. It was close on the Jubilee, Vic-
toria’s Jubilee, because I remember the seats and flags in
Westminster, and the row with the cabman at Chelsea."

  “The Diamond Jubilee, it was,” said Warming; “the
second one.”

  “Ah, yes! At the proper Jubilee—the Fifty Year
affair—I was down at Wookey—a boy. I missed all
that. . . . What a fuss we had with him! My land-
lady wouldn’t take him in, wouldn’t let him stay—he
looked so queer when he was rigid. We had to carry
him in a chair up to the hotel. And the Boscastle doc-
tor—it wasn’t the present chap, but the G. P. before
him—was at him until nearly two, with me and the
landlord holding lights and so forth.”

  “It was a cataleptic rigour at first, wasn’t it?”
“Stiff!—wherever you bent him he stuck. You
might have stood him on his head and he’d have stopped.
I never saw such stiffness. Of course this”—he indi-
cated the prostrate figure by a movement of his head—
“is quite different. And, of course, the little doctor—
what was his name?”

  “Smithers?”
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

59

  “Smithers it was—was quite wrong in trying to fetch
him round too soon, according to all accounts. The things
he did. Even now it makes me feel all—ugh! Mustard,
snuff, pricking. And one of those beastly little things,
not dynamos—”

  "Induction coils.”

  “Yes. You could see his muscles throb and jump,
and he twisted about. There was just two flaring yel-
low candles, and all the shadows were shivering, and
the little doctor nervous and putting on side, and him—
stark and squirming in the most unnatural ways. Well,
it made me dream.”

  Pause.

  “It’s a strange state,” said Warming.

  “It’s a sort of complete absence,” said Isbister. “Here’s
the body, empty. Not dead a bit, and yet not alive. It’s
like a seat vacant and marked ‘engaged.’ No feeling,
no digestion, no beating of the heart—not a flutter.
That doesn’t make me feel as if there was a man present.
In a sense it’s more dead than death, for these doctors
tell me that even the hair has stopped growing. Now
with the proper dead, the hair will go on growing—”

  “I know," said Warming, with a flash of pain in his
expression.

THEY peered through the glass again. Graham was
indeed in a strange state, in the flaccid phase of a
trance, but a trance unprecedented in medical history.
Trances had lasted for as much as a year before—but at
the end of that time it had ever been a waking or a
death; sometimes first one and then the other. Isbister
noted the marks the physicians had made in injecting
nourishment, for that device had been resorted to to
postpone collapse; he pointed them out to Warming, who
had been trying not to see them.

  “And while he has been lying here,” said Isbister,
with the zest of a life freely spent, “I have changed my
plans in life; married, raised a family, my eldest lad—
I hadn’t begun to think of sons then—is an American
citizen, and looking forward to leaving Harvard. There’s
a touch of grey in my hair. And this man, not a day
older nor wiser (practically) than I was in my downy
days. It’s curious to think of.”

  Warming turned. “And I have grown old too. I
played cricket with him when I was still only a lad. And
hq looks a young man still. Yellow perhaps. But
that is a young man nevertheless.”

  “And there’s been the War,” said Isbister.

  “From beginning to end.”

  “And these Martians.”

  “I’ve understood,” said Isbister after a pause, “that
he had some moderate property of his own?”

  “That is so,” said Warming. He coughed primly. "As
it happens—I have charge of it.”

  “Ah!” Isbister thought, hesitated and spoke: “No
doubt—his keep here is not expensive—no doubt it will
have improved—accumulated ?”

  “It has. He will wake up very much better off—if he
wakes—than when he slept.”

  “As a business man,” said Isbister, “that thought has
naturally been in my mind. I have', indeed, sometimes
thought that, speaking commercially, of course, this
sleep may be a very good thing for him. That he knows
what he is about, so to speak, in being insensible so
long. If he had lived straight on—”

  “I doubt if he would have premeditated as much,” said
Warming. “He was not a far-sighted man. In fact—”
“Yes?”

  “We differed on that point. I stood to him :ome-
what in the relation of a guardian. You have prob:Cli]y
seen enough of affairs to recognize that occasionally >
certain friction—.

there is a doubt whether he will ever wake. This sleep
exhausts slowly, but it exhausts. Apparently he is slid-

ing slowly, very slowly and tediously, down a long
slope, if you can understand me?”

  “It will be a pity to lose his surprise. There’s been
a lot of change these twenty years. It’s Rip Van Winkle
come real.”

  “It’s Bellamy,” said Warming. “There has been a lot
of change certainly. And, among other changes, I have
changed. I am an old man.”

  Isbister hesitated, and then feigned a belated sur-
prise. “I shouldn’t have thought it.”

  “I was forty-three when his bankers—you remember
you wired to his bankers—sent on to me.”

  “I got their address from the cheque book in his
pocket,” said Isbister.

  “Well, the addition is not difficult,” said Warming.
There was another pause, and then Isbister gave way
to an unavoidable curiosity. “He may go on for years
yet," he said, and had a moment of hesitation. “We
have to consider that. His affairs, you know, may fall
some day into the hands of—someone else, you know.”
"That, if you will beileve me, Mr. Isbister, is one of
the problems most constantly before my mind. We hap-
pen to be—as a matter of fact, there are no very trust-
worthy connections of ours. It is a grotesque and un-
precedented position.”

  “It is,” said Isbister. “As a matter of fact, it’s a
case for a public trustee, if only we had such a func-
tionary.”

  “It seems to me it’s a case for some public body, some
practically undying guardian. If he really is going on
living—as the doctors, some of them, think. As a mat-
ter of fact, I have gone to one or two public men about
it. But, so far, nothing has been done.”

  "It wouldn’t be a bad idea to hand him over to some
public booy—the British Museum Trustees, or the Royal
College of Physicians. Sounds a bit odd, of course, but
the whole situation is odd.”

  "The difficulty is to induce them to take him.”

  “Red tape, I suppose?"

  “Partly.”

  Pause. “It’s a curious business, certainly,” said
Isbister. “And compound interest has a way of mount-
ing up.”

  “It has,” said Warming. “And now the gold supplies
are running short there is a tendency towards . . .
appreciation.”

  "I’ve felt that,” said Isbister with a grimace. “But
it makes it better for him."

  "If he wakes.”

  “If he wakes,” echoed Isbister. “Do you notice the
pinched-in look of his-nose, and the way in which his
eyelids sink?”

  Warming looked and thought for a space. "I doubt
if he will wake,” he said at last.

  "I never properly understood,” said Isbister, “what
it was brought this on. He told me something about
overstudy. I’ve often been curious.”

  “He was a man of considerable gifts, but spasmodic,
emotional. He had grave domestic troubles, divorced
his wife, in fact, and it was as a relief from that, I
think, that he took up politics of the rabid sort. He
was a fanatical Radical—a Socialist—or typical Liberal,
as they used to call themselves, of the advanced school.
Energetic—flighty—undisciplined. Overwork upon a
controversy did this for him. I remember the pamphlet
he wrote—a curious production. Wild, whirling stuff.
There were one or two prophecies. Some of them are

                                     already exploded, some of them are established facts.
 But for the most part to read such a thesis is to realize
 how full the world is of unanticipated things. He will
 have much to learn, much to unlearn, when he wakes.
 But even if that was the case, \If ever a waking comes.”

                                         “I’d give anything to be there,” said Isbister, “just
                                       to hear what he would say to it all.”
60

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  “So would I,” said Warming. "Aye! so would I,”
with an old man’s sudden turn to self pity. “But I shall
never see him wake.”

  He stood looking thoughtfully at the waxen figure.
“He will never wake,” he said at last. He sighed. “He
will never wake again.”

           CHAPTER III
           The Awakening

UT Wanning was wrong in that. An awakening
came.

  What a wonderfully complex thing! this simple
seeming unity—the self! Who can trace its reintegra-
tion as morning after morning we awaken, the flux and
confluence of its countless factors interweaving, rebuild-
ing, the dim first stirrings of the soul, the growth and
synthesis of the unconscious to the sub-conscious, the
sub-conscious to dawning consciousness, until at last we
recognize ourselves again. And as it happens to most of
us after the night’s sleep so it was with Graham at the
end of his vast slumber. A dim cloud of sensation tak-
ing shape, a cloudy dreariness and he found himself
vaguely somewhere, recumbent, faint, but alive.

  The pilgrimage towards a personal being seemed to
traverse vast gulfs, to occupy epochs. Gigantic dreams
that were terrible realities at the time, left vague per-
plexing memories, strange creatures, strange scenery, as
if from another planet. There was a distinct impres-
sion, too, of a momentous conversation, of a name—he
could not tell what name—that was subsequently to recur,
of some queer long-forgotten sensation of vein and
muscle, of a feeling of vast hopeless effort, the effort of
a man near drowning in darkness. Then came a pano-
rama of dazzling unstable confluent scenes.

  Graham became aware his eyes were open and re-
garding some unfamiliar thing.

  It was something white, the edge of something, a
frame of wood. He moved his head slightly, following
the contour of this shape. It went up beyond the top
of his eyes. He tried to think where he might be. Did
it matter, seeing he was so wretched? The color of
his thoughts was a dark depression. He felt the feature-
less misery of one who wakes towards the hour of dawn.
He had an uncertain sense of whispers and footsteps
hastily receding.

  The movement of his head involved a perception of
extreme physical weakness. He supposed he was in bed
in the hotel at the place in the valley—but he could not
recall that white edge. He must have slept. He remem-
bered now that he had wanted to sleep. He recalled the
cliff and waterfall again and then recollected something
about talking to a passer-by. . . .

  How long had he slept? What was that sound of
pattering feet? And that rise and fall, like the mur-
mur of breakers on pebbles? He put out a languid
hand to reach his watch from the chair whereon it was
his habit to place it, and touched some smooth, hard
surface like glass. This was so unexpected that it
startled him extremely. Quite suddenly he rolled over,
stared for a moment, and struggled into a sitting posi-
tion. The effort was unexpectedly difficult, and it left
him giddy and weak—and amazed.

  He rubbed his eyes. The riddle of his surroundings
was confusing but his mind was quite clear—evidently
his sleep had benefitted him. He was not in a bed at
all as he understood the word but lying naked on a very
soft and yielding mattress in a trough of dark glass. The
mattress was partly transparent, a fact he observed with
a strange sense of insecurity, and below it was a mirror
reflecting him greyly. About his arm—and he saw with
a shock that his skin was strangely dry and yellow—was
bound a curious apparatus of rubber, bound so cunningly
that it seemed to pass into his skin above and below. And

this strange bed was placed in a case of greenish colored
glass (as it seemed to him) a bar in the white frame-
work of which had first arrested his attention. In the
corner of the case was a stand of glittering and deli-
cately made apparatus, for the most part quite strange
appliances, though a maximum and minimum thermom-
eter was recognizable.

  The slightly greenish tint of the glass-like substance
which surrounded him on every hand obscured what lay
behind but he perceived it was a vast apartment of
splendid appearance, and with a very large and simple
white archway facing him. Close to the walls of the
cage were articles of furniture, a table covered with a
silvery cloth, silvery like the side of a fish, a couple
of graceful chairs, and on the table a number of dishes
with substances piled on them, a bottle and two glasses.
He realized that he was intensely hungry.

  He could see no human being, and after a period of
hesitation scrambled off the translucent mattress and
tried to stand on the clean, white floor of his little apart-
ment. He had miscalculated his strength, however, and
staggered and put his hand against the glass-like pane
before him to steady himself. For a moment it resisted
his hand, bending outward like a distended bladder, then
it broke with a slight report and vanished—a pricked
bubble. He reeled out into the general space of the hall,
greatly astonished. He caught at the table to save him-
self, knocking one of the glasses to the floor—it rang
but did not break—and sat down in one of the arm-
chairs.

  When he had a little recovered he filled the remaining
glass from the bottle and drank—a colorless liquid it
was, but not water, with a pleasing faint aroma and taste
and a quality of immediate support and stimulus. He
put down the vessel and looked about him.

  The apartment lost none of its size and magnificence
now that the greenish transparency that had intervened
was removed. The archway he saw led to a flight of
steps, going downward without the intermediation of a
door, to a spacious transverse passage. This passage
ran between polished pillars of some white-veined sub-
stance of deep ultramarine, and along it came the sound
of human movements and voices and a deep undeviating
droning note. He sat, now fully awake, listening alertly,
forgetting the viands in his attention.

  Then with a shock he remembered that he was naked,
and casting about him for covering, saw a long black
robe thrown on one of the chairs beside him. This he
wrapped about him and sat down again, trembling.

  His mind was still a surging perplexity. Clearly he
had slept, and had been removed in his sleep. But where?
And who were those people, the distant crowd beyond
the deep blue pillars? Boscastle? He poured out and par-
tially drank another glass of the colorless fluid.

  What was this place?—this place that to his senses
seemed subtly quivering like a thing alive? He looked
about him at the clean and beautiful form of the apart-
ment, unstained by ornament, and saw that the roof was
broken in one place by a circular shaft full of light, and,
as he looked, a steady, sweeping shadow blotted it out
and passed, and came again and passed. “Beat, beat,”
that sweeping shadow had a note of its own in the sub-
dued tumult that filled the air.

  He would have called out, but only a little sound came
into his throat. Then he stood up, and, with the uncer-
tain steps of a drunkard, made his way towards the arch-
way. He staggered down the steps, tripped on the corner
of the black cloak he had wrapped about himself, and
saved himself by catching at one of the blue pillars.

  The passage ran down a cool vista of blue and purple,
and ended remotely in a railed space like a balcony,
brightly lit and projecting into a space of haze, a space
like the interior of some gigantic building. Beyond and
remote were vast and vague architectural forms. The
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

61

tumult of voices rose now loud and clear, and on the
balcony and with their backs to him, gesticulating and
apparently in animated conversation, were three figures,
richly dressed in loose and easy garments of bright soft
colorings. The noise of a great multitude of people
poured up over the balcony, and once it seemed the top
of a banner passed, and once some brightly colored
object, a pale blue cap or garment thrown up into the
air perhaps, flashed athwart the space and fell. The
shouts sounded like English, there was a reiteration of
‘'Wake!” He heard some indistinct shrill cry, and
abruptly these three men began laughing.

  “Ha, ha, ha!” laughed one—a red-haired man in a
short purple robe. “When the Sleeper wakes—When!"

  He turned his eyes full of merriment along the pas-
sage. His face changed, the whole man changed, became
rigid. The other two turned swiftly at his exclamation
and stood motionless. Their faces assumed an expres-
sion of consternation, an expression that deepened into
awe.

  Suddenly Graham’s knees bent beneath him, his arm
against the pillar collapsed limply, he staggered forward
and fell upon his face.

CHAPTER IV
The Sound of a Tumult

GRAHAM’S last impression before he fainted was
of a clamorous ringing of bells. He learnt after-
wards that he was insensible, hanging between life
and death, for the better part of an hour. When he re-
covered his senses, he was back on his translucent couch,
and there was a stirring warmth at heart and throat.
The dark apparatus, he perceived, had been removed from
his arm, which was bandaged. The white framework
was still about him, but the greenish transparent sub-
stance that had filled it was altogetheiVone. A man in
a deep violet robe, one of those who Had been on the
balcony, was looking keenly into his face.'

  Remote but insistent was a clamor of tells and con-
fused sounds, that suggested to his mind the picture of a
great number of people shouting together. Something
seemed to fall across this tumult, a door suddeily closed.

  Graham moved his head. “What does this all mean?”
he said slowly. “Where am I ?”

  He saw the red-haired man who had been first to dis-
cover him. A voice seemed to be asking what he had
said, and was abruptly stilled.

  The man in violet answered in a soft voice, speaking
English with a slightly foreign accent, or so at least it
seemed to the Sleeper’s ears, “You are quite safe. You
were brought hither from where you fell asleep. It is
quite safe. You have been here some time—sleeping.
In a trance.”

  He said something further that Graham could not hear,
and a little phial was handed across to him. Graham
felt a cooling spray, a fragrant mist played over his fore-
head for a moment, and his sense of refreshment in-
creased. He closed his eyes in satisfaction.

  “Better?” asked the man in violet as Graham’s eyes
reopened. He was a pleasant-faced man of thirty, per-
haps, with a pointed flaxen beard, and a clasp of gold at
the neck of his violet robe.

  “Yes,” said Graham.

  “You have been asleep some time. In a cataleptic
trance. You have heard? Catalepsy? It may seem
strange to you at first, but I can assure you everything is
well.”

  Graham did not answer, but these words served their
reassuring purpose. His eyes went from face to face of
the three people about him. They were regarding him
strangely. He knew he ought to be somewhere in Corn-
wall, but he could not square these things with that
impression.

  A matter that had been in his mind during his last
waking moments at Boscastle recurred, a thing resolved
upon and somehow neglected. He cleared his throat.

  “Have you wired my cousin?” he asked. “E. Warm-
ing, 27, Chancery Lane?”

  They were all assiduous to hear. But he had to repeat
it. "What an odd blurr in his accent!” whispered the
red-haired man. “Wire, sir?” said the young man with
the flaxen beard, evidently puzzled.

  "He means send an electric telegram," volunteered the
third, a pleasant-faced youth of nineteen or twenty. The
flaxen-bearded man gave a cry of comprehension. “How
stupid of me! You may be sure everything shall be
done, sir,” he said to Graham. “I am afraid it would be
difficult to—wire to your cousin. He is not in London
now. But don’t trouble about arrangements yet; you
have been asleep a very long time and the important
thing is to get over that, sir.” (Graham concluded the
word was sir, but this man pronounced it “Sire.")

  “Oh!” said Graham, and became quiet.

  It was all very puzzling, but apparently these people
in unfamiliar dress knew what they were about. Yet
they were odd and the room was odd. It seemed he was
in some newly established place. He had a sudden flash
of suspicion. Surely this wasn’t some hall of public exhi-
bition! If it was he would give Warming a piece of his
mind. But it scarcely had that character. And in a
place of public exhibition he would not have discovered
himself naked.

  Then suddenly, quite abruptly, he realised what had
happened. There was no perceptible interval of suspi-
cion, no dawn to his knowledge. Abruptly he knew that
his trance had lasted for a vast interval; as if by some
processes of thought reading he interpreted the awe in
the faces that peered into his. He looked at them
strangely, full of intense emotion. It seemed they read
his eyes. He framed his lips to speak and could not.
A queer impulse to hide his knowledge came into his
mind almost at the moment of his discovery. He
looked at his bare feet, regarding them silently. His
impulse to speak passed. He was trembling exceedingly.

  They gave him some pink fluid with a greenish fluor-
esence and a meaty taste and the assurance of returning
strength grew.

  "That—that makes me feel better,” he said hoarsely,
and there were murmurs of respectful approval. He
knew now quite clearly. He made to speak again, and
again he could not.

  He pressed his throat and tried a third time. “How
long ?” he asked in a level voice. "How long have I been
asleep?”

  “Some considerable time,” said the flaxen-bearded man,
glancing quickly at the others.

  "How long?”

  "A very long time.”

  "Yes—yes,” said Graham, suddenly testy. “But I want

—	Is it—it is—some years? Many years? There was
something—I forget what. I feel—confused. But you—”
He sobbed. “You need not fence with me. How long—?”

  He stopped, breathing irregularly. He squeezed his
eyes with his knuckles and sat waiting for an answer.

  They spoke in undertones.

  "Five or six?” he asked faintly. “More?”

  “Very much more than that.”

  “More!”

  “More.”

  He looked at them and it seemed as though imps were
twitching the muscles of his face. He looked his question.

  “Many years,” said the man with the red beard.

  Graham struggled into a sitting position. He wiped
a rheumy tear from his face with a lean hand. “Many
years!” he repeated. He shut his eyes tight, opened
them, and sat looking about him from one unfamiliar
thing to another.
62

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

 “How many years?” he asked.

 “You must be prepared to be surprised.”

 “Well?”

 “More than a gross of years.”

 He was irritated at the strange word. “More than

 a what?”

 Two of them spoke together. Some quick remarks that
 were made about “decimal” he did not catch.

 "How long did you say?” asked Graham. “How long?
 Don’t look like that. Tell me.”

 Among the remarks in an undertone, his ear caught
 six words: “More than a couple of centuries.”

 "What?” he cried, turning on the youth who he thought
 had spoken. “Who says—? What was that? A couple
 of centuries!”

 “Yes,” said the man with the red beard. “Two hundred
 years.”

 Graham repeated the words. He had been prepared to
 hear of a vast repose, and yet these concrete centuries
 defeated him.

 "Two hundred years,” he said again, with the figure
 of a great gulf opening very slowly in his mind; and
 then, “Oh, but—!”

 They said nothing.

 "You—did you say—?”

 “Two hundred years. Two centuries of years,” said
 the man with the red beard.

 There was a pause. Graham looked at their faces and
 saw that what he had heard was indeed true.

 "But it can’t be,” he said querulously. "I am dream-
 ing. Trances. Trances don’t last. That is not right—
 this is a joke you have played upon me! Tell me—some
 days ago, perhaps, I was walking along the coast of
 Cornwall—?”

 His voice failed him.

 The man with the flaxen beard hesitated. “I’m not
 very strong in history, sir,” he said weakly, and glanced
 at the others.

 “That was it, sir,” said the youngster. “Boscastle, in
 the old Duchy of Cornwall—it’s in the southwest country
 beyond the dairy meadows. There is a house there still.
 I have been there.”

 “Boscastle!” Graham turned his eyes to the youngster.
 “That was it—Boscastle. Little Boscastle. I fell asleep—
 somewhere there. I don’t exactly remember. I don’t
 exactly remember.”

 He pressed his brows and whispered, “More than two
 hundred years/”

 He began to speak quickly with a twitching face, but
 his heart was cold within him. “But if it is two hundred
 years, every soul I know, every human being that ever
 I saw or spoke to before I went to sleep, must be dead.”
 They did not answer him.

 "The Queen and the Royal Family, her Ministers,
 Church and State. High and low, rich and poor, one
 with another—”

 “Is there England still?”

 "That’s a comfort! Is there London?”

 “This is London, eh? And you are my assistant-
 custodian; assistant-custodian. And these—? Eh?
 Assistant-custodians too!

 He sat with a gaunt stare on his face. “But why am
 I here? No! Don’t talk. Be quiet. Let me—”

 HE SAT silent, rubbed his eyes, and, uncovering them,
 found another little glass of pinkish fluid held
 towards him. He took the dose. It was almost immedi-
 ately sustaining. Directly he had taken it he began to
 weep naturally and refreshingly.

 Presently he looked at their faces, suddenly laughed
 through his tears, a little foolishly. “But—two—hun—
 dred—years!” he said. He grimaced hysterically and
 covered up his face again.

 After a space he grew calm. He sat up, his hands

 hanging over his knees in almost precisely the same
 attitude in which Isbister had found him on the cliff at
 Pentargen. His attention was attracted by a thick domi-
 neering voice, the footsteps of an advancing personage.
 “What are you doing? Why, was I not warned? Surely
 you could tell? Someone will suffer for this. The man
 must be kept quiet. Are the doorways closed? All the
 doorways? He must be kept perfectly quiet. He must
 not be told. Has he been told anything?”

  The man with the fair beard made some inaudible
remark, and Graham, looking over his shoulder, saw
approaching a very short, fat, and thickset beardless man,
with aquiline nose and heavy neck and chin. Very thick,
black and slightly sloping eyebrows that almost met
over his nose and overhung deep grey eyes, gave his
face an oddly formidable expression. He scowled mo-
mentarily at Graham and then his regard returned to
the man with the flaxen beard. “These others,” he said
in a voice of extreme irritation. “You had better go.”
“Go?” said the red-bearded man.

  “Certainly—go now. But see the doorways are closed
as you go.”

  The two men addressed turned obediently, after one
reluctant glance at Graham, and instead of going through
the archway as he expected, walked straight to the dead
wall of the apartment opposite the archway. And then
came a strange thing; a long strip of this apparently
solid wall rolled up with a snap, hung over the two re-
treating men and fell again, and immediately Graham
was alone with the newcomer and the purple-robed man
with the flaxen beard.

  For a space the thickset man took not the slightest
notice of Graham, but proceeded to interrogate the other
—obviously his subordinate—upon the treatment of their
charge. He spoke clearly, but in phrases only partially
intelligible to Graham. The awakening seemed not only
a matter of surprise but of consternation and annoyance
to him. He was evidently profoundly excited.

  “You must not confuse his mind by telling him things,"
he repeated again and again. “You must not confuse
his mind.”

  His questions answered, he turned quickly and eyed
the awakened sleeper with an ambiguous expression.
“Feel queer?” he asked.

  “Very.”

  “The world, what you see of it, seems strange to you?”
  “I suppose I have to live in it, strange as it seems.”

  “I suppose so, now.”

“In the first place, hadn’t I better have some clothes?”
“They—” said the thickset man and stopped, and the
flaxen-bearded man met his eye and went away. “You
will very speedily have clothes,” said the thickset man.

  “Is it true indeed, that I have been asleep two hundred
—?” asked Graham.

  “They have told you that, have they? Two hundred
and three, as a matter of fact.”

  Graham accepted the indisputable now with raised eye-
brows and depressed mouth. He sat silent for a moment,
and then asked a question, “Is there a mill or dynamo
near here?” He did not wait for an answer. "Things
have changed tremendously, I suppose?” he said.

  “What is that shouting?” he asked abruptly.
“Nothing,” said the thickset man impatiently. “It's
people. You’ll understand better later—perhaps. As
you say, things have changed.” He spoke shortly, his
brows were knit, and he glanced about him like a man
trying to decide in an emergency. “We must get you
clothes and so forth, at any rate. Better wait here until
some can come. No one will come near you. You want
shaving.”

  Graham rubbed his chin.

  The man with the flaxen beard came back towards
them, turned suddenly, listened for a moment, lifted his
eyebrows at the older man, and hurried off through the
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

63

archway towards the balcony. The tumult of shouting
grew louder, and the thickset man turned and listened
also. He cursed suddenly under his breath, and turned
his eyes upon Graham with an unfriendly expression.
It was a surge of many voices, rising and falling, shout-
ing and screaming, and once came a sound like blows
and sharp cries, and then a snapping like the crackling of
dry sticks. Graham strained his ears to draw some single
thread of sound from the woven tumult.

  Then he perceived, repeated again and again, a certain
formula. For a time he doubted his ears. But surely
these were the words: “Show us the Sleeper! Show
us the Sleeper!"

  The thickset man rushed suddenly to the archway.

  “Wild!” he cried, “How do they know? Do they know?
Or is it guessing?”

  There was perhaps an answer.

  “I can’t come,” said the thickset man; “I have him to
see to. But shout from the balcony.”

  There was an inaudible reply.

  “Say he is not awake. Anything! I leave it to you.”

  He came hurrying back to Graham. “You must have
clothes at once,” he said. “You cannot stop here—and it
will be impossible to—”

  He rushed away, Graham shouting unanswered ques-
tions after him. In a moment he was back.

  “I can’t tell you what is happening. It is too complex
to explain. In a moment you shall have your clothes
made. Yes—in a moment. And then I can take you
away from here. You will find out our troubles soon
enough."

  “But those voices. They were shouting—?”

  “Something about the Sleeper—that’s you. They have
some twisted idea. I don't know what it is. I know
nothing.”

  A shrill bell jetted acutely across the indistinct min-
gling of remote noises, and this brusque person sprang
to a little group of appliances in the corner of the room,
lie listened for a moment, regarding a ball of crystal,
nodded, and said a few indistinct words; then he walked
to the wall through which the two men had vanished. It
rolled up again like a curtain, and he stood waiting.

  Graham lifted his arm and was astonished to find what
strength the restoratives had given him. He thrust one
leg over the side of the couch and then the other. His
head no longer swam. He could scarcely credit his rapid
recovery. He sat feeling his limbs.

  The man with the flaxen beard re-entered from the
archway, and as he did so the cage of a lift came sliding
down in front of the thickset man, and a lean, grey-
bearded man, carrying a roll, and wearing a tightly-
fitting costume of dark green, appeared therein.

  “This is the tailor,” said the thickset man with an
introductory gesture. “It will never do for you to wear
that black. I cannot understand how it got here. But
I shall. I shall. You will be as rapid as possible?” he
said to the tailor.

  The man in green bowed, and, advancing, seated him-
self by Graham on the bed. His manner was calm, but
his eyes were full of curiosity. “You will find the fash-
ions altered, Sire,” he said. He glanced from under his
brows at the thickset man.

HE OPENED the roller with a quick movement, and a
confusion of brilliant fabrics poured out over his
knees. “You lived, Sire, in a period essentially cylin-
drical—the Victorian. With a tendency to the hemi-
sphere in hats. Circular curves always. Now—” He
flicked out a little appliance the size and appearance of
a keyless watch, whirled the knob, and behold—a little
figure in white appeared kinetoscope fashion on the dial,
walking and turning. The tailor caught up a pattern of
bluish white satin. “That is my conception of your im-
mediate treatment,” he said

  The thickset man came and stood by the shoulder of
Graham.

  “We have very little time,” he said.

  “Trust me,” said the tailor. “My machine follows.
What do you think of this?”

  “What is that?” asked the man from the nineteenth
century.

  “In your days they showed you a fashion-plate,” said
the tailor, "but this is our modern development. See
here.” The little figure repeated its revolutions but in
a different costume. “Or this,” and with a click another
small figure in a more voluminous type of robe marched
on to the dial. The tailor was very quick in his move-
ments, and glanced twice towards the lift as he did these
things.

  It rumbled again, and a crop-haired anaemic lad with
features of the Chinese type, clad in coarse pale blue
canvas, appeared together with a complicated machine,
which he pushed noiselessly on little castors into the
room. Incontinently the little kinetoscope was dropped,
Graham was invited to stand in front of the machine and
the tailor muttered some instructions to the crop-haired
lad, who answered in guttural tones and with words
Graham did not recognize. The boy then went to conduct
an incomprehensible monologue in the corner, and the
tailor pulled out a number of slotted arms terminat-
ing in little discs, pulling them out until the discs were
flat against the body of Graham, one at each shoulder
blade, one at the elbows one at the neck and so forth,
so that at last there were, perhaps, two score of them
upon his body and limbs. At the same time, some other
person entered the room by the lift behind Graham. The
tailor set moving a mechanism that initiated a faint-
sounding rhythmic movement of parts in the machine,
and in another moment he was knocking up the levers
and Graham was released. The tailor replaced his cloak
of black, and the man with the flaxen beard proffered him
a little glass of some refreshing fluid. Graham saw over
the rim of the glass a pale-faced young man regarding
him with a singular fixity.

  The thickset man had been pacing the room fretfully,
and now turned and went through the archway towards
the balcony from which the noise of a distant crowd still
came in gusts and cadences. The crop-headed lad handed
the tailor a roll of the bluish satin and the two began
fixing this in the mechanism in a manner reminiscent of
a roll of paper in a nineteenth century printing machine.
Then they ran the entire thing on its easy, noiseless bear-
ings across the room to a remote corner where a twisted
cable looped rather gracefully from the wall. They made
some connection and the machine became energetic and
swift.

  “What is that doing?” asked Graham, pointing with
the empty glass to the busy figures and trying to ignore
the scrutiny of the newcomer. “Is that—some sort of
force—laid on?”

  “Yes” said the man with the flaxen beard.

  “Who is that?" He indicated the archway behind him.

  The man in purple stroked his little beard, hesitated,
and answered in an undertone, “He is Howard, your chief
guardian. You see Sire,—it’s a little difficult to explain.
The Council appoints a guardian and assistants. This
hall has under certain restrictions been public. In order
that people might satisfy themselves. We have
barred the doorways for the first time. But I think—if
you don’t mind, I will leave him to explain.”

  “Odd!” said Graham. “Guardian? Council?” Then
turning his back on the newcomer, he asked in an under-
tone, “Why is this man glaring at me? Is he a mes-
merist?”

  “Mesmerist! He is a capillotomist.”

  “Capillotomist!”

  “Yes—one of the chief. His yearly fee is sixdoz lions.”

  It sounded sheer nonsense. Graham snatched at the
64

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

last phrase with an unsteady mind. “Sixdoz lions?” he

said.

  “Didn’t you have lions? I suppose not. You had the
old pounds? They are our monetary units.”

  "But what was that you said—sixdoz?”

  “Yes. Six dozen, Sire. Of course things, even these
little things, have altered. You lived in the days of the
decimal system, the Arab system—tens, and little hun-
dreds and thousands. We have eleven numerals now.
We have single figures for both ten and eleven, two fig-
ures for a dozen, and a dozen dozen makes a gross, a great
hundred, you know, a dozen gross a dozand, and a dozand
dozand a myriad. Very simple?”

  "I suppose so,” said Graham. "But about this cap—
what was it?”

  The man with the flaxen beard glanced over his
shoulder.

  “Here are your clothes!” he said. Graham turned
round sharply and saw the tailor standing at his elbow
smiling, and holding some palpably new garments over
his arm. The crop-headed boy, by means of one finger,
was impelling the complicated machine towards the lift
by which he had arrived. Graham stared at the com-
pleted suit. “You don’t mean to say—!”

  “Just made,” said the tailor. He dropped the gar-
ments at the feet of Graham, walked to the bed on which
Graham had so recently been lying, flung out the trans-
lucent mattress, and turned up the looking-glass. As he
did so a furious bell summoned the thickset man to the
corner. The man with the flaxen beard rushed across to
him and then hurried out by the archway.

  The tailor was assisting Graham into a dark purple
combination garment, stockings, vest, and pants in one,
as the thickset man came back from the corner to meet
the man with the flaxen beard returning from the bal-
cony. They began speaking quickly in an undertone,
their bearing had an unmistakable quality of anxiety.
Over the purple under-garment came a complex but grace-
ful garment of bluish white, and Graham was clothed
in the fashion once more and saw himself, sallow-faced,
unshaven and shaggy still, but at least naked no longer,
and in some indefinable unprecedented way graceful.

  “I must shave,” he said regarding himself in the glass.

  "In a moment,” said Howard.

  The persistent stare ceased. The young man closed his
eyes, reopened them, and with a lean hand extended, ad-
vanced on Graham. Then he stopped, with his hand
slowly gesticulating, and looked about him.

  "A seat,” said Howard impatiently and in a moment
the flaxen-bearded man had a chair behind Graham.
"Sit down, please,” said Howard.

  Graham hesitated, and in the other hand of the wild-
eyed man he saw the glint of steel.

  "Don't you understand, Sire?” cried the flaxen-bearded
man with hurried politeness. “He is going to cut your
hair.”

  “Oh!” cried Graham enlightened. “But you called
him—”

  "A capillotomist—precisely! He is one of the finest
artists in the world.”

  Graham sat down abruptly. The flaxen-bearded man
disappeared. The capillotomist came forward with grace-
ful gestures, examined Graham’s ears and surveyed him,
felt the back of his head, and would have sat down again
to regard him but for Howard’s audible impatience.
Forthwith with rapid movements and a succession of
deftly handled implements he shaved Graham’s chin,
clipped his moustache, and cut and arranged his hair.
All this he did without a word, with something of the
rapt air of a poet inspired. And as soon as he had fin-
ished, Graham was handed a pair of shoes.

  Suddenly a loud voice shouted—it seemed from a piece
of machinery in the corner— "At once—at once. The
people know all over the city. Work is being stopped.

Work is being stopped. Wait for nothing, but come.”

  This shout appeared to perturb Howard exceedingly.
By his gestures it seemed to Graham that he hesitated
between two directions. Abruptly he went towards the
corner where the apparatus stood about the little crystal
ball. As he did so the undertone of tumultuous
shouting from the archway that had continued during
all these occurrences rose to a mighty sound, roared as
if it were sweeping past, and fell again as if receding
swiftly. It drew Graham after it with an irresistible
attraction. He glanced at the thickset man, and then
obeyed his impulse. In two strides he was down the
steps and in the passage, and in a score he was out upon
the balcony upon which the three men had been standing.

CHAPTER V

The Moving Ways

HE went to the railings of the balcony and stared
upward. An exclamation of surprise at his ap-
pearance, and the movements of a number of peo-
ple came from the spacious area below.

   His first impression was of overwhelming architecture.
The place into which he looked was an aisle of Titanic
buildings, curving spaciously in either direction. Over-
head mighty cantilevers sprang together across the huge
width of the place, and a tracery of translucent material
shut out the sky. Gigantic globes of cool white light
shamed the pale sunbeams that filtered down through the
girders and wires. Here and there a gossamer suspen-
sion bridge dotted with foot passengers flung across the
chasm and the air was webbed with slender cables. A
cliff of edifice hung above him, he perceived as he
glanced upward, and the opposite facade was grey and
dim and broken by great archings, circular perforations,
balconies, buttresses, turret projections, myriads of vast
windows, and an intricate scheme of architectural relief.
Athwart these ran inscriptions horizontally and obliquely
in an unfamiliar lettering. Here and there close to the
roof cables of a peculiar stoutness were fastened, and
dropped in a steep curve to circular openings on the oppo-
site side of the space, and even as Graham noted these a
remote and tiny figure of a man clad in pale blue arrested
his attention. This little figure was far overhead across
the space beside the higher fastening of one of these
festoons, hanging forward from a little k.lge of masonry
and handling some well-nigh invisible strings dependent
from the line. Then suddenly, with a swoop that sent
Graham’s heart into his mouth this man had rushed
down the curve and vanished through a round opening
on the hither side of the way. Graham had been looking
up as he came out upon the balcony, and the things he
saw above and opposed to him had at first seized his
attention to the exclusion of anything else. Then sud-
denly he discovered the roadway! It was not a roadway
at all, as Graham understood such things, for in the nine-
teenth century the only roads and streets were beaten
tracks of motionless earth, jostling rivulets of vehicles
between narrow footways. But this roadway was three
hundred feet across, and it moved; it moved, all save the
middle, the lowest part. For a moment, the motion
dazzled his mind. Then he understood.

  Under the balcony this extraordinary roadway ran
swiftly to Graham’s right, an endless flow rushing along
as fast as a nineteenth century express train, an endless
platform of narrow transverse overlapping slats with
little interspaces that permitted it to follow the curva-
tures of the street. Upon it were seats, and here and
there little kiosks, but they swept by too swiftly for him
to see what might be therein. From this nearest and
swiftest platform a series of others descended to the
centre of the space. Each moved to the right, each
perceptibly slower than the one above it, but the differ-
ence in pace was small enough to permit anyone to step
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

65

You must come av/ay.

from any platform to the one adjacent, and so walk
uninterruptedly from the swiftest to the motionless mid-
dle way. Beyond this middle way was another series of
endless platforms rushing with varying pace to Graham’s
left. And seated in crowds upon the two widest and
swiftest platforms, or stepping from one to another down
the steps, or swarming over the central space, was an
innumerable and wonderfully diversified multitude of
people.

  "You must not stop h.ere,” shouted Howard suddenly
at his side. “You must come away at once.”

  Graham made no answer. He heard without hearing.
The platforms ran with a roar and the people were shout-
ing. He perceived women and girls with flowing hair,
beautifully robed, with bands crossing between the
breasts. These first came out of the confusion. Then
he perceived that the dominant note in that kaleidoscope
of costume was the pale blue that the tailor’s boy had
worn. He became aware of cries of "The Sleeper. What
has happened to the Sleeper?” and it seemed as though
the rushing platforms before him were suddenly spattered
with the pale buffi of human faces, and then still more
thickly. He saw pointing fingers. He perceived that
the motionless central area of this huge arcade just
opposite to the balcony was densely crowded with blue-
clad people. Some sort of struggle had sprung into life.
People seemed to be pushed up the running platforms on
either side, and carried away against their will. They
would spring off so soon as they were beyond the thick
of the confusion, and run back towards the conflict.

  “It is the Sleeper. Verily it is the Sleeper,” shouted
voices. “That is never the Sleeper,” shouted others.
More and more faces were turned to him. At the in-
tervals along this central area Graham noted openings,
pits, apparently the heads of staircases going down with
people ascending out of them and descending into them.
The struggle it seemed centered about the one of these
nearest to him. People were running down the moving
platforms to this, leaping dexterously from platform to
platform. The clustering people on the higher platforms
seemed to divide their interest between this point and
the balcony. A number of sturdy little figures clad in a
uniform of bright red, and working methodically to-
gether, were employed it seemed in preventing access to
this descending staircase. About them a crowd was rap-
idly accumulating. Their brilliant color contrasted

vividly with the whitish-blue of their antagonists, for the
struggle was indisputable.

  He saw these things with Howard shouting in his ear
and shaking his arm. And then suddenly Howard was
gone and he stood alone.

  He perceived that the cries of “The Sleeper!" grew in
volume, and that the people on the nearer platform were
standing up. The nearer, swifter platform he perceived
was empty to the right of him, and far across the space
the platform running in the opposite direction was com-
ing crowded and passing away bare. With incredible
swiftness a vast crowd had gathered in the central space
before his eyes; a dense swaying mass of people, and
the shouts grew from a fitful crying to a voluminous
incessant clamor: “The Sleeper! The Sleeper!” and
yells and cheers, a waving of garments and cries of
"Stop the ways!" They were also crying another name
strange to Graham. It sounded like "Ostrog.” The
slower platforms were soon thick with active people,
running against the movement so as to keep themselves
opposite to him.

  "Stop the ways,” they cried. Agile figures ran up
swiftly from the centre to the swift road nearest to him,
were borne rapidly past him, shouting strange, unin-
telligible things, and ran back obliquely to the central
way. One thing he distinguished: “It is indeed the
Sleeper. It is indeed the Sleeper,” they testified.

  For a space Graham stood without a movement. Then
he became vividly aware that all this concerned him. He
was pleased at his wonderful popularity, he bowed, and,
seeking a gesture of longer range, waved his arm. He was
astonished at the violence of uproar that this provoked.
The tumult about the descending stairway rose to furious
violence. He became aware of crowded balconies, of men
sliding along ropes, of men in trapeze-like seats hurling
athwart the space. He heard voices behind him, a num-
ber of people descending the steps through the archway;
he suddenly perceived that his guardian Howard was
back again and gripping his arm painfully, and shout-
ing inaudibly in his ear.

  He turned, and Howard’s face was white. “Come back."
he heard. “They will stop the ways. The whole city will
be in confusion.”

  He perceived a number of men hurrying along the
passage of blue pillars behind Howard, the red-haired
man, the man with the flaxen beard, a tall man in vivid
vermilion, a crowd of others in red carrying staves, and
all these people had anxious eager faces.

  “Get him away,” cried Howard.

  “But why?” said Graham. “I don’t see—”

  “You must come away!” said the man in red in a
resolute voice. His face and eyes were resolute, too.
Graham’s glances went from face to face, and he was
suddenly aware of that most disagreeable flavor in life,
compulsion. Some one gripped his arm. ... He
was being dragged away. It seemed as though the
tumult suddenly became two, as if half the shouts that
had come in from this wonderful roadway had sprung
into the passages of the great building behind him. Mar-
velling and confused, feeling an impotent desire to resist,
Graham was half led, half thrust, along the passage of
blue pillars, and suddenly he found himself alone with
Howard in a lift and moving swiftly upward.

CHAPTER VI

The Hall of the Atlas

FROM the moment when the tailor had bowed his fare-
well to the moment when Graham found himself in the
lift, was altogether barely five minutes. And as yet
the haze of his vast interval of sleep hung about him, as
yet the initial strangeness of his being alive at all in this
remote age touched everything with wonder, with a sense
of the irrational, with something of the quality of a
66

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

realistic dream. He was still detached, an astonished
spectator, still but half involved in life. What he had
seen, and especially the last crowded tumult, framed in
the setting of the balcony, had a spectacular turn, like
a thing witnessed from the box of a theatre. "I don’t
understand,” he said. “What was the trouble? My mind
is in a whirl. Why were they shouting? What is the
danger?”

  "We have our troubles,” said Howard. His eyes
avoided Graham’s inquiry. “This is a time of unrest.
And, in fact, your appearance, your waking just now,
has a sort of connection—”

  He spoke jerkily, like a man not quite sure of his
breathing. He stopped abruptly.

  “I don’t understand,” said Graham.

  “It will be clearer later," said Howard.

  He glanced uneasily upward, as though he found the
progress of the lift slow.

  "I shall understand better, no doubt, when I have seen
my way about a little,” said Graham puzzled. “It will
be—it is bound to be perplexing. At present it is all so
strange. Anything seems possible. Anything. In the
details even. Your counting, I understand, is different.”
The lift stopped, and they stepped out into a narrow
but very long passage between high walls, along which
ran an extraordinary number of tubes and big cables.

  “What a huge place this is!” said Graham. "Is it all
one building? What place is it?”

  “This is one of the city ways for various public serv-
ices. Light and so forth.”

  “Was it a social trouble—that—in the great roadway
place? How are you governed? Have you still a
police?”

  “Several,” said Howard.

  “Several?”

  “About fourteen.”

  “I don’t understand."

  “Very probably not. Our social order will probably
seem very complex to you. To tell you the truth I don’t
understand it myself very clearly. Nobody does. You
will perhaps—bye and bye. We have to go to the Coun-
cil.”

  Graham’s attention was divided between the urgent
necessity of his inquiries and the people in the passages
and halls they were traversing. For a moment his mind
would be concentrated upon Howard and the halting
answers he made, and then he would lose the thread in
response to some vivid unexpected impression. Along the
passages, in the halls, half the people seemed to be men
in the red uniform. The pale blue canvas that had been
so abundant in the aisle of moving ways did not appear.
Invariably these men looked at him, and saluted him and
Howard as they passed.

  He had a clear vision of entering a long corridor, and
there were a number of girls sitting on low seats and
as though in a class. He saw no teacher, but only a
novel apparatus from which he fancied a voice pro-
ceeded. The girls regarded him ;'od his conductor, he
thought, with curiosity and astonishment. But he was
hurried on before he could form, a clear idea of the
gathering. He judged they knew Howard and not him-
self, and that they wondered who he was. This Howard,
it seemed, was a person of importance. But then he was
also merely Graham’s Guardian. That was odd.

  There came a passage in twilight, and into this pas-
sage a footway hung so that he could see the feet and
ankles of people going to and fro thereon but no more
of them. Then vague impressions of galleries and of
casual astonished passers-by turning around to stare
after the two of them with their red-clad guard.

  The stimulus of the restoratives he had taken was
only temporary. He was speedily fatigued by this ex-
cessive haste. He asked Howard to slacken his speed.
Presently he was in a lift that had a window upon the

great street space, but this was glazed and did not open,
and they were too high for him to see the moving plat-
forms below. But he saw people going to and fro along
cables and along strange, frail-looking bridges.

  And thence they passed across the street and at a
vast height above it. They crossed by means of a narrow
bridge closed in with glass, so clear that it made him
giddy even to remember it. The floor of it also was of
glass. From his memory of the cliffs between New Quay
and Boscastle, so remote in time, and so recent in his
experience, it seemed to him that they must be near four
hundred feet above the moving ways. He stopped, looked
down between his legs upon the swarming blue and red
multitudes, minute and fore-shortened, struggling and
gesticulating still towards the little balcony far below,
a little toy balcony, it seemed, where he had so recently
been standing. A thin haze and the glare of the mighty
globes of light obscured everything. A man seated in
a little open-work cradle shot by from some point still
higher than the little narrow bridge, rushing down a
cable as swiftly almost as if he were falling. Graham
stopped involuntarily to watch this strange passenger
vanish in a great circular opening below, and then his
eyes went back to the tumultuous struggle.

  Along one of the swifter ways rushed a thick crowd of
red spots. This broke up into individuals as it approached
the balcony, and went pouring down the slower ways
towards the dense struggling crowd on the central area.
These men in red appeared to be armed with sticks or
truncheons; they seemed to be striking and thrusting.
A great shouting, cries of wrath, screaming, burst out
and came up to Graham, faint and thin. “Go on,” cried
Howard, laying hands on him.

  Another man rushed down a cable. Graham suddenly
glanced up to see whence he came, and beheld through
the glassy roof and the network of cables and girders,
dim rhythmically passing forms like the vans of wind-
mills, and between them glimpses of a remote and pallid
sky. Then Howard had thrust him forward across the
bridge, and he was in a little narrow passage decorated
with geometrical patterns.

  “I want to see more of that,” cried Graham, resisting.

  "No, no,” cried Howard, still gripping his arm. “This
way. You must go this way.” And the men in red fol-
lowing them seemed ready to enforce his orders.

  Some negroes in a curious wasp-like uniform of black
and yellow appeared down the passage and one hastened
to throw up a sliding shutter that had seemed a door to
Graham, and led the way through it. Graham found
himself in a gallery overhanging the end of a great
chamber. The attendant in black and yellow crossed this,
thrust up a second shutter and stood waiting.

THIS place had the appearance of an ante-room. He
saw a number of people in the central space, and at
the opposite end a large and imposing doorway at the
top of a flight of steps, heavily curtained but giving a
glimpse of some still larger hall beyond. He perceived
white men in red and other negroes in black and yellow
standing stiffly about those portals.

  As they crossed the gallery he heard a whisper from
below, “The Sleeper,” and was aware of a turning of
heads, a hum of observation. They entered another little
passage in the wall of this ante-chamber, and then he
found himself on an iron-railed gallery of metal that
passed round the side of the great hall he had already
seen through the curtains. He entered the place at the
corner, so that he received the fullest impression of its
huge proportions. The black in the wasp uniform stood
aside like a well-trained servant, and closed the valve
behind him.

  Compared with any of the places Graham had seen thus
far, this second hali appeared to be decorated with ex-
treme richness. On a pedestal at the remoter end, and
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

67

more brilliantly lit than any other object, was a gigantic
white figure of Atlas, strong and strenuous, the globe
upon his bowed shoulders. It was the first thing to
strike his attention, it was so vast, so patiently and pain-
fully real, so white and simple. Save for this figure and
for a dais in the centre, the wide floor of the place was a
shining vacancy. The dais was remote in the greatness
of the area; it would have looked a mere slab of metal
had it not been for the group of seven men who stood
about a table on it, and gave an inkling of its proportions.
They were all dressed in white robes, they seemed to have
arisen that moment from their seats, and they were
regarding Graham steadfastly. At the end of the table
he perceived the glitter of some mechanical appliances.

  Howard led him along the end gallery until they were
opposite this mighty laboring figure. Then he stopped.
The two men in red who had followed them into the gal-
lery came and stood on either hand of Graham.

  “You must remain here,” murmured Howard, “for a
few moments,” and, without waiting for a reply, hurried
away along the gallery.

  “But, why—?" began Graham.

  He moved as if to follow Howard, and found his path
obstructed by one of the men in red. “You have to
wait here, Sire,” said the man in red.

 -Why?”

 “Orders, Sire.”

 “Whose orders?”

 “Our orders, Sire.”

 Graham looked his exasperation.

 “What place is this?” he said presently. “Who are
 those men?”

 “They are the lords of the Council, Sire.”

 “What Council?"

 "The Council.”

 “Oh!” said Graham, and after an equally ineffectual
 attempt at the other man, went to the railing and stared
 at the distant men in white, who stood watching him and
 whispering together.

 The Council? He perceived there were now eight,
 though how the newcomer had arrived he had not ob-
 served. They made no gestures of greeting; they stood
 regarding him as in the nineteenth century a group of
 men might have stood in the street regarding a distant
 balloon that had suddenly floated into view. What council
 could it be that gathered there, that little body of men
 beneath the significant white Atlas, secluded from every
 eavesdropper in this impressive spaciousness? And why
 should he be brought to them, and be looked at strangely
 and spoken of inaudibly? Howard appeared beneath,

Graham saw the white robed council still standing In a elose group.
68

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

 walking quickly across the polished floor towards them.
 As he drew near he bowed and performed certain peculiar
 movements, apparently of a ceremonious nature. Then
 he ascended tho steps of the dais, and stood by the
 apparatus at the end of the table.

  Graham watched that visible inaudible conversation.
Occasionally, one of the white-robed men would glance
toward? him. He strained his ears in vain. The gesticu-
lation of two of the speakers became animated. He
glanced from them to the passive faces of his attend-
ants. . . . When he looked again Howard was ex-
tending his hands and moving his head like a man who
protests. He was interrupted, it seemed, by one of the
white-robed men rapping the table.

  The conversation lasted an interminable time to
Graham’s sense. His eyes rose to the still giant at whose
feet the Council sat. Thence they wandered at last to
the walls of the hall. It was decorated in long painted
panels of a quasi-Japanese type many of them very beau-
tiful. These panels were grouped in a great and elabo-
rate framing of dark metal, which passed into the metal-
lic caryatidae of the galleries, and the great structural
lines of the interior. The facile grace of these panels
enhanced the mighty white effort that labored in the
centre of the scheme. Graham’s eyes came back to the
Council, and Howard was descending the steps. As he
drew nearer, his features could be distinguished, and
Graham saw that he was flushed and blowing out his
cheeks. His countenance was still disturbed when pres-
ently he reappeared along the gallery.

  “This way,” he said concisely, and they went on in
silence to a little door that opened at their approach.
The two men in red stopped on either side of this door.
Howard and Graham passed in, and Graham, glancing
back, saw the white-robed Council still standing in a close
group and looking at him. Then the door closed behind
him with a heavy thud, and for the first time since his
awakening he was in silence. The floor, even, was noise-
less to his feet.

  Howard opened another door, and they were in the first
of two contiguous chambers furnished in white and green.
“What Council was that?” began Graham. “What were
they discussing? What have they to do with me?”
Howard closed the door carefully, heaved a huge sigh, and
said something in an undertone. He walked slantingways
across the room and turned, blowing out his cheeks
again. “Ugh!" he grunted, a man relieved.

  Graham stood regarding him.

  “You must understand,” began Howard abruptly,
avoiding Graham’s eyes, “that our social order is very
complex. A half explanation, a bare unqualified state-
ment would give you false impressions. As a matter of
fact—it is a case of compound interest partly—your
small fortune, and the fortune of your cousin Warming
which was left to you—and certain other beginnings—
have become very considerable. And in other ways that
will be hard for you to understand, you have become a
person of significance—of very considerable significance
—involved in the world’s affairs.”

  He stopped.

  “Yes?” said Graham.

  “We have grave social troubles.”

  “Yes?”

  "Things have come to such a pass that, in fact, it is
advisable to seclude you here.”

  “Keep me prisoner!” exclaimed Graham.

  “Well—to ask you to keep in seclusion.”

  Graham turned on him. "This is strange!” he said.
  “No harm will be done you.”

  “No harm!”

  “But you must be kept here—”

  “While I learn my position, I presume.”

  “Precisely.”

  “Very well then. Begin. Why harm?"

  "Not now.”

  "Why not?”

   “It is too long a story, Sire.”

  “All the more reason I should begin at once. You say
I am a person of importance. What was that shouting
I heard? Why is a great multitude shouting and ex-
cited because my trance is over, and who are the men in
white in that huge council chamber?”

  “All in good time, Sire,” said Howard. “But not
crudely, not crudely. This is one of those flimsy times
when no man has a settled mind. Your awakening. No
one expected your awakening. The Council is consult-
ing.”

  “What council?”

  “The Council you saw.”

  _ Graham made a petulant movement. “This is not
right,” he said. “I should be told what is happening.”
“You must wait. Really you must wait.”

  Graham sat down abruptly. “I suppose since I have
waited so long to resume life” he said, “that I must wait
a little longer.”

  “That is better,” said Howard. “Yes, that is much bet-
ter. And I must leave you alone. For a space. While
I attend the discussion in the Council. ... I am
sorry.”

  He went towards the noiseless door, hesitated and van-
ished.

  Graham walked to the door, tried it, found it securely
fastened in some way he never came to understand,
turned about, paced the room restlessly, made the circuit
of the room, and sat down. He remained sitting for some
time with folded arms and knitted brow, biting his finger
nails and trying to piece together the kaleidoscopic im-
pressions of this first hour of awakened life; the vast
mechanical spaces, the endless series of chambers and
passages, the great struggle that roared and splashed
through these strange ways, the little group of remote
unsympathetic men beneath the colossal Atlas, Howard’s
mysterious behavior. There was an inkling of some
vast inheritance already in his mind—a vast inheritance
perhaps misapplied—of some unprecedented importance
and opportunity. What had he to do? And this room’s
secluded silence was eloquent of imprisonment!

_ It came into Graham’s mind with irresistible convic-
tion that this series of magnificent impressions was a
dream. He tried to shut his eyes and succeeded, but that
time-honored device led to no awakening.

  Presently he began to touch and examine all the un-
familiar appointments of the two small rooms in which
he found himself.

  In a long oval panel of mirror he saw himself and
stopped astonished. He was clad in a graceful costume
of purple and bluish white, with a little greyshot beard
trimmed to a point, and his hair, its blackness streaked
now with bands of grey, arranged over his forehead in
an unfamiliar but graceful manner. He seemed a man of
five-and-forty perhaps. For a moment he did not per-
ceive this was himself.

  A flash of laughter came with the recognition. “To
call on old Warming like this!” he exclaimed, “and make
him take me out to lunch!”

  Then he thought of meeting first one and then another
of the few familiar acquaintances of his early manhood,
and in the midst of his amusement realized that every
soul with whom he might jest had died many score of
years ago. The thought smote him abruptly and keenly;
he stopped short, the expression of his face changed to a
white consternation.

  The tumultuous memory of the moving platforms and
the huge facade of that wonderful street reasserted itself.
The shouting multitudes came back clear and vivid, and
those remote, inaudible, unfriendly councillors in white.
He felt himself a little figure, very small and ineffectual,
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

69

pitifully conspicuous. And all about him, the world was

—strange

CHAPTER VII
In the Silent Rooms

PRESENTLY Graham resumed his examination of his
apartments. Curiosity kept him moving in spite of
his fatigue. The inner room, he perceived, was
high, and its ceiling dome shaped, with an oblong aper-
ture in the centre, opening into a funnel in which a
wheel of broad vans seemed to be rotating, apparently
driving the air up the shaft. The faint humming note
of its easy motion was the only clear sound in that quiet
place. As these vans sprang up one after the other
Graham could get transient glimpses of the sky. He
was surprised to see a star.

  This drew his attention to the fact that the bright
lighting of these rooms was due to a multitude of very
faint glow lamps set about the cornices. There were no
windows. And he began to recall that along all the vast
chambers and passages he had traversed with Howard
he had observed no windows at all. Had there been win-
dows? There were windows on the street indeed, but
were they for light? Or was the whole city lit day and
night for evermore, so that there was no night there?

  And another thing dawned upon him. There was no
fireplace in either room. Was the season summer, and
were these merely summer apartments, or was the whole
city uniformly heated or cooled? He became interested
in these questions, began examining the smooth texture
of the walls, the simply constructed bed, the ingenious
arrangements by which the labor of bedroom service
was practically abolished. And over everything was a
curious absence of deliberate ornament, a bare grace of
form and color, that he found very pleasing to the eye.
There were several very comfortable chairs, a light table
on silent runners carrying several bottles of fluids and
glasses, and two plates bearing a clear substance like
jelly. Then he noticed there were no books, no news-
papers, no writing materials. “The world has changed
indeed,” he said.

  He observed one entire side of the outer room was set
with rows of peculiar double cylinders inscribed with
green lettering on white that harmonized with the deco-
rative scheme of the room, and in the centre of this side
projected a little apparatus about a yard square and
having a white smooth face to the room. A chair faced
this. He had a transitory idea that these cylinders
might be books, or a modern substitute for books, but
at first it did not seem so.

  The lettering on the cylinders puzzled him. At first
sight it seemed like Russian. Then he noticed a sugges-
tion of mutilated English about certain of the words.

“©i Man huwdbi Kiti,”

forced itself on him as “The Man who would be King.”
“Phonetic spelling,” he said. He remembered reading a
story with that title, then he recalled the story vividly,
one of the best stories in the world. But this thing be-
fore him was not a book as he understood it. He puzzled
out the titles of two adjacent cylinders. ‘The Heart of
Darkness,’ he had never heard of before nor ‘The Madon-
na of the Future’—no doubt if they were indeed stories,
they were by post Victorian authors.

  He puzzled over this peculiar cylinder for some time
and replaced it. Then he turned to the square appa-
ratus and examined that. He opened a sort of lid and
found one of the double cylinders within and on the
upper edge a little stud like the stud of an electric bell.
He pressed this and a rapid clicking began and ceased.
He became aware of voices and music, and noticed a
play of color on the smooth front face. . He suddenly

realized what this might be, and stepped back to regard it.

  On the flat surface was now a little picture, very
vividly colored, and in this picture were figures that
moved. Not only did they move, but they were convers-
ing in clear small voices. It was exactly like reality
viewed through an inverted opera glass and heard through
a long tube. His interest was seized at once by the
situation, which presented a man pacing up and down
and vociferating angry things to a pretty but petulant
woman. Both were in the picturesque costume that
seemed so strange to Graham. “I have worked,” said
the man, “but what have you been doing?”

  "Ah!” said Graham. He forgot everything else, and
sat down in the chair. Within five minutes he heard him-
self named, heard "when the Sleeper wakes,” used jest-
ingly as a proverb for remote postponement, and passed
himself by, a thing remote and incredible. But in a
little while he knew those two people like intimate
friends.

  At last the miniature drama came to an end, and the
square face of the apparatus was blank again.

  It was a strange world into which he had been per-
mitted to see, unscrupulous, pleasure seeking, energetic,
subtle, a world too of dire economic struggle; there were
allusions he did not understand, incidents that conveyed
strange suggestions of altered moral ideals, flashes of
dubious enlightment. The blue canvas that bulked so
largely in his first impression of the city ways appeared
again and again as the costume of the common people.
He had no doubt the story was contemporary, and its
intense realism was undeniable. And the end had been
a tragedy that oppressed him. He sat staring at the
blankness.

  He started and rubbed his eyes. He had been so ab-
sorbed in the latter-day substitute for a novel, that he
awoke to the little green and white room with more than
a touch of the surprise of his first awakening.

  He stood up, and abruptly he was back in his own
wonderland. The clearness of the kinetoscope drama
passed, and the struggle in the vast place of streets,
the ambiguous Council, the swift phases of his waking
hour, came back. These people had spoken of the Council
with suggestions of a vague universality of power. And
they had spoken of the Sleeper; it had not really struck
him vividly at the time that he was the Sleeper. He
had to recall precisely what they had said. . . .

  He walked into the bedroom and peered up through
the quick intervals of the revolving fan. As the fan
swept round, a dim turmoil like the noise of machinery
came in rhythmic eddies. All else was silence. Though
the perpetual day still irradiated his apartments, he per-
ceived the little intermittent strip of sky was now deep
blue—black almost, with a dust of little stars. . . .

  He resumed his examination of the rooms. He could
find no way of opening the padded door, no bell nor other
means of calling for attendance. His feeling of wonder
was in abeyance; but he was curious, anxious for infor-
mation. He wanted to know exactly how he stood to
these new things. He tried to compose himself to wait
until someone came to him. Presently he became rest-
less and eager for information, for distraction, for fresh
sensations.

HE went back to the apparatus in the other room,
and had soon puzzled out the method of replacing
the cylinders by others. As he did so, it came into his
mind that it must be these little appliances had fixed
the language so that it was still clear and understand-
able after two hundred years. The haphazard cylin-
ders he substituted displayed a musical fantasia. At
first it was beautiful and then it was sensuous. He
presently recognized what appeared to him to be an
altered version of the story of Tannhauser. The music
was unfamiliar. But the rendering was realistic, and
70

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

with a contemporary unfamiliarity. Tannhauser did
not go to a Venusberg, but to a Pleasure City. What
was a Pleasure City? A dream, surely, the fancy of
a fantastic, voluptuous writer.

  He became interested, curious. The story developed
with a flavor of strangely twisted sentimentality. Sud-
denly he 'lid not like it. He liked it less as it proceeded.

  He had a revulsion of feeling. These were no pic-
tures, no idealisations, but photographed realities. He
wanted no more of the twenty-second century Venus-
berg. He forgot the part played by the model in nine-
teenth century art, and gave way to an archaic indig-
nation. He rose, angry and half ashamed at himself
for witnessing this thing even in solitude. He pulled
forward the apparatus, and with some violence sought
for a means of stopping its action. Something snapped.
A violet spark stung and convulsed his arm and the
thing was still. When he attempted next day to re-
place these Tannhauser cylinders by another pair, he
found the apparatus broken. . . .

  He struck out a path oblique to the room and paced
to and fro, struggling with intolerable vast impres-
sions. The things he had derived from the cylinders
and the things he had seen, conflicted, confused him.
It seemed to him the most amazing thing of all that
in his thirty years of life he had never tried to shape
a picture of these coming times. “We were making
the future,” he said, “and hardly any of us troubled
to think what future we were making. And here it is!”

  "What have they got to, what has been done? How
do I come into the midst of it all?” The vastness of
street and house he was prepared for, the multitudes of
people. But conflicts in the city ways! And the sys-
tematized sensuality of a class of rich men!

  He thought of Bellamy, the hero of whose Socialistic
Utopia had so oddly anticipated this actual experience.
But here was no Utopia, no Socialistic state. He had
already seen enough to realize that the ancient antithesis
of luxury, waste and sensuality on the one hand and
abject poverty on the other, still prevailed. He knew
enough of the essential factors of life to understand
that correlation. And not only were the buildings of
the city gigantic and the crowds in the street gigantic,
but the voices he had heard in the ways, the uneasiness
of Howard, the very atmosphere spoke of gigantic dis-
content. What country was he in? Still England it
seemed, and yet strangely “un-English.” His mind
glanced at the rest of the world, and saw only an enig-
matical veil.

  He prowled about his apartment, examining every-
thing as a caged animal might do. He felt very tired,
felt that feverish exhaustion that does not admit of rest.
He listened for long spaces under the ventilator to
catch some distant echo of the tumults he felt must be
proceeding in the city.

  He began to talk to himself. “Two hundred and three
years!” he said to himself over and over again, laugh-
ing stupidly. "Then I am two hundred and thirty-three
years old! The oldest inhabitant. Surely they haven’t
reversed the tendency of our time and gone back to the
rule of the oldest. My claims are indisputable. Mumble,
mumble. I remember the Bulgarian atrocities as though
it was yesterday. ’Tis a great age! Ha ha!” He was
surprised at first to hear himself laughing, and then
laughed again deliberately and louder. Then he realized
that he was behaving foolishly. “Steady,” he said.
“Steady I”

  His pacing became more regular. “This new world,”
he said. “I don’t understand it. Why? . . . But
it is all why!"

  “I suppose they can fly and do all sorts of things.
Let me try and remember just how it began.”

  He was surprised at first to find how vague the mem-

ories of his first thirty years had become. He remem-
bered fragments, for the most part trivial moments,
things of no great importance that he had observed. His
boyhood seemed the most accessible at first; he recalled
school books and certain lessons in mensuration. Then
he revived the more salient features of his life, memories
of the wife long since dead, her magic influence now
gone beyond corruption, of his rivals and friends and
betrayers, of the swift decision of this issue and that,
and then of his last years of misery, of fluctuating re-
solves, and at last of his strenuous studies. In a little
while he perceived he had it all again; dim perhaps, like
metal long laid aside, but in no way defective or injured,
capable of re-polishing. And the hue of it was a deep-
ening misery. Was it worth re-polishing? By a miracle
he had been lifted out of a life that had become in-
tolerable. . . .

  He reverted^ to his present condition. He wrestled
with the facts in vain. It became an inextricable tangle.
He saw the sky through the ventilator pink with dawn.
An old persuasion came out of the dark recesses of his
memory. "I must sleep,” he said. It appeared as a
delightful relief from this mental distress and from
the growing pain and heaviness of his limbs. He went
to the strange little bed, lay down and was presently
asleep. . . .

  He was destined to become very familiar indeed with
these apartments before he left them, for he remained
imprisoned for three days. During that time no one,
except Howard, entered his prison. The marvel of his
fate mingled with and in some way minimized the mar-
vel of his survival. He had awakened to mankind it
seemed only to be snatched away into this unaccount-
able solitude. Howard came regularly with subtly sus-
taining and nutritive fluids, and light and pleasant foods,
quite strange to Graham. He always closed the door
carefully a3 he entered. On matters of detail he was in-
creasingly obliging, but the bearing of Graham on the
great issues that were evidently being contested so
closely beyond the sound-proof walls that enclosed him,
he would not elucidate. He evaded, as politely as pos-
sible, every question on the position of affairs in the
outer world.

AND in those three days Graham’s incessant thoughts
went far and wide. All that he had seen, all this
elaborate contrivance to prevent him seeing, worked to-
gether in his mind. Almost every possible interpre-
tation of his position he debated—even as it chanced,
the right interpretation. Things that presently hap-
pened to him, came to him at last credible, by virtue of
this seclusion. When at length the moment of his re-
lease arrived, it found him prepared. . . .

  Howard’s bearing went far to deepen Graham's im-
pression of his own strange importance; the door be-
tween its opening and closing seemed to admit with
him a breath of momentous happening. His inquiries
became more definite and searching. Howard retreated
through protests and difficulties. The awakening was
unforeseen, he repeated; it happened to have fallen in
with the trend of a social convulsion. “To explain it
I must tell you the history of a gross and a half of years,”
protested Howard.

  “The thing is this,” said Graham. “You are afraid
of something I shall do. In some way I am arbitrator—
I might be arbitrator.”

  “It is not that. But you have—I may tell you this
much—the automatic increase of your property puts
great possibilities of interference in your hands. And
in certain other ways you have influence, with your
eighteenth century notions.”

  “Nineteenth century,” corrected Graham.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

71

  “With your old world notions, anyhow, ignorant as
you are of every feature of our State.”

  “Am I a fool?”

   “Certaii.ly not.”

  “Do I seem to be the sort of man who would act
rashly?”

  "You were never expected to act at all. No one
counted on your awakening. No one dreamt you would
ever awake. The Council had surrounded you with
antiseptic conditions. As a matter of fact, we thought
that you were dead—a mere arrest of decay. And—but
it is too complex. We dare not suddenly—while you
are still half awake.”

  “It won’t do,” said Graham. “Suppose it is as you
say—why am I not being crammed night and day with
facts and warnings and all the wisdom of the time to
fit me for my responsibilities? Am I any wiser now
than two days ago, if it is two days, when I awoke?”
Howard pulled his lip.

  "I am beginning to feel—every hour I feel more
clearly—a sense of complex concealment of which you
are the salient point. Is this Council, or committee,
or whatever they are, cooking the accounts of my estate?
Is that it?”

  "That note of suspicion—” said Howard.

  “Ugh 1” said Graham. “Now, mark my words, it
will be ill for those who have put me here. It will be
ill. I am alive. Make no doubt of it, I am alive. Every
day my pulse is stronger and my mind clearer and more
vigorous. No more quiescence. I am a man come back
to life. And I want to live—”

  "Live!"

  Howard’s face lit with an idea. He came towards
Graham and spoke in an easy confidential tone.

  “The Council secludes you here for your good. You
are restless. Naturally—an energetic man! You find
it dull here. But we are anxious that everything you
may desire—every desire—every sort of desire . . .
There may be something. Is there any sort of com-
pany?”

  He paused meaningly.

  “Yes,” said Graham thoughtfully. "There is."

  “Ah! Now! We have treated you neglectfully.”
  "The crowds in yonder streets of yours.”

  "That,” said Howard, “I am afraid—. But—”
Graham began pacing the room. Howard stood near
the door watching him. The implication of Howard’s
suggestion was only half evident to Graham. Company?
Suppose he were to accept the proposal, demand some
sort of company? Would there be any possibilities
of gathering from the conversation of this additional
person some vague inkling of the struggle that had
broken out so vividly at his waking moment? He medi-
tated again, and the suggestion took color. He turned
on Howard abruptly.

  "What do you mean by company?”

  Howard raised his eyes and shrugged his shoulders.
“Human beings,” he said, with a curious smile on his
heavy face.

  “Our social ideas,” he said, “have a certain increased
liberality, perhaps, in comparison with your times. If
a man wishes to relieve such a tedium as this—by
feminine society, for instance. We think it no scandal.
We have cleared our minds of formulfe. There is in
our city a class, a necessary class, no longer despised—
discreet—”

  Graham stopped dead.

  “It would pass the time,” said Howard. “It is a
thing I should perhaps have thought of before, but, as
a matter of fact, so much is happening—”

  He indicated the exterior world.

  Graham hesitated. For a moment the figure of a
possible woman that his imagination suddenly created

dominated his mind with an intense attraction. Then
he flashed into anger.

  “No!” he shouted.-

  He began striding rapidly up and down the room.
"Everything you say, everything you do, convinces me
—of some great issue in which I am concerned. I do
not want to pass the time, as you call it. Yes, I know.
Desire and indulgence are life in a sense—and Death!
Extinction! In my life before I slept I had worked out
that pitiful question. I will not begin again. There
is a city, a multitude—. And meanwhile I am here
like a rabbit in a bag.”

  His rage surged high. He choked for a moment and
began to wave his clenched fists. He gave way to an
anger fit, he swore archaic curses. His gestures had
the quality of physical threats.

  “I do not know who your party may be. I am in
the dark, and you keep me in the dark. But I know
this, that I am secluded here for no good purpose. For
no good purpose. I warn you, I warn you of the conse-
quences. Once I come at my power—”

  He realized that to threaten thus might be a danger
to himself. He stopped. Howard stood regarding him
with a curious expression.

  "I take it this is a message to the Council,” said
Howard.

  Graham had a momentary impulse to leap upon the
man, fell or stun him. It must have shown upon his
face; at any rate Howard’s movement was quick. In
a second the noiseless door had closed again, and the
man from the nineteenth century was alone.

  For a moment he stood rigid, with clenched hands
half raised. Then he flung them down. “What a fool
I have been!” he said, and gave way to his anger again,
stamping about the room and shouting curses. . . .
For a long time he kept himself in a sort of frenzy,
raging at his position, at his own folly, at the knaves
who had imprisoned him. He did this because he did
not want to look calmly at his position. He clung to
his anger—because he was afraid of Fear.

  Presently he found himself reasoning with himself.
This imprisonment was unaccountable, but no doubt
the legal forms—new legal forms—of the time permitted
it. It must, of course, be legal. These people were two
hundred years further on in the march of civilization
than the Victorian generation. It was not likely they
would be less—humane. Yet they had cleared their
minds of formulas! Was humanity a formula as well
as chastity?

  His imagination set to work to suggest things that
might be done to him. The attempts of his reason to
dispose of these suggestions, though for the most part
logically valid, were quite unavailing. “Why should
anything be done to me?”

  “If the worst comes to the worst,” he found himself
saying at last, “I can give up what they want. But
what do they want? And why don’t they ask me for
it instead of cooping me up?”

  He returned to his former preoccupation with the
Council’s possible intentions. He began to reconsider
the details of Howard’s behavior, sinister glances, in-
explicable hesitations. Then, for a time, his mind circled
about the idea of escaping from these rooms; but
whither could he escape into this vast, crowded world?
He would be worse off than a Saxon yeoman suddenly
dropped into nineteenth century London. And besides,
how could anyone escape from these rooms?

  “How can it benefit anyone if harm should happen
to me?”

  He thought of the tumult, the great social trouble
of which he was so unaccountably the axis. A text,
irrelevant enough and yet curiously insistent, came float-
72

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

ing up out of the darkness of his memory. This also
a Council had said:

  “It is expedient for us that one man should die for
the people."

CHAPTER VIII

The Roof Spaces

AS the fans in the circular aperture of the inner room
rotated and permitted glimpses of the night, dim
sounds drifted in thereby. And Graham, stand-
ing underneath, wrestling darkly with the unknown pow-
ers that imprisoned him, and which he had now delib-
erately challenged, was startled by the sound of a voice.

  He peered up and saw in the intervals of the rota-
tion, dark and dim, the face and shoulders of a man
regarding him. Then a dark hand was extended, the
swift van struck it, swung round and beat on with a
little brownish patch on the edge of its thin blade, and
something began to fall therefrom upon the floor, drip-
ping silently.

  Graham looked down, and there were spots of blood
at his feet. He looked up again in a strange excite-
ment. The figure had gone.

  He remained motionless—his every sense intent upon
the flickering patch of darkness, for outside it was high
night. He became aware of some faint, remote, dark
specks floating lightly through the outer air. They
came down towards him, fitfully, eddyingly, and passed
aside out of the uprush from the fan. A gleam of light
flickered, the specks flashed white, and then the darkness
came again. Warmed and lit as he was, he perceived
that it was snowing within a few feet of him.

  Graham walked across the room and came back to
the ventilator again. He saw the head of a man pass
near. There was a sound of whispering. Then a smart
blow on some metallic substance, effort, voices, and the
vans stopped. A gust of snowflakes whirled into the
room, and vanished before they touched the floor. “Don’t
be afraid,” said a voice.

  Graham stood under the van. "Who are you?” he
whispered.

  For a moment there was nothing but a swaying of
the fan, and then the head of a man was thrust cau-
tiously into the opening. His face appeared nearly in-
verted to Graham; his dark hair was wet with dissolving
flakes of snow upon it. His arm went up into the dark-
ness holding something unseen. He had a youthful face
and bright eyes, and the veins of his forehead were
swollen. He seemed to be exerting himself to main-
tain his position.

For several seconds neither he nor Graham spoke.

“You were the Sleeper?” said the stranger at last.

“Yes,” said Graham. "What do you want with me?”

  “I come from Ostrog, Sire.”

  “Ostrog?”

  The man in the ventilator twisted his head round
so that his profile was towards Graham. He appeared
to be listening. Suddenly there was a hasty exclama-
tion, and the intruder sprang back just in time to escape
the sweep of the released fan. And when Graham
peered up there was nothing visible but the slowly
falling snow.

  It was perhaps a quarter of an hour before anything
returned to the ventilator. But at last came the same
metallic interference again; the fans stopped and the
face reappeared. Graham had remained all this time
in the same place, alert and tremulously excited.

  “Who are you? What do you want?” he said.

  “We want to speak to you, Sire,” said the intruder.
"We want—I can’t hold the thing. We have been try-
ing to find a way to you—these three days.”

  “Is it rescue?” whispered Graham. “Escape?”

  “Yes, Sire. If you will.”

  “You are my party—the party of the Sleeper?”

  “Yes, Sire.”

  “What am I to do?” said Graham.

  There was a struggle. The stranger’s arm appeared,
and his hand was bleeding. His knees came into view
over the edge of the funnel. “Stand away from me,”
he'said, and he dropped rather heavily on his hands
and one shoulder at Graham's feet. The released venti-
lator whirled noisily. The stranger rolled over, sprang
up nimbly and stood panting, hand to a bruised shoulder,
and with his bright eyes on Graham.

  “You are indeed the Sleeper,” he said. “I saw you
asleep. When it was the law that anyone might see
you.”

  “I am the man who was in the trance,” said Graham.
“They have imprisoned me here. I have been here since
I awoke—at least three days.”

  The intruder seemed about to speak, heard some-
thing, glanced swiftly at the door, and suddenly left
Graham and ran towards it, shouting quick incoherent
words. A bright wedge of steel flashed in his hand,
and he began tap, tap, a quick succession of blows upon
the hinges. “Mind!” cried a voice. “Oh!” The voice
came from above.

  Graham glanced up, saw the soles of two feet, ducked,
was struck on the shoulder by one of them, and a heavy
weight bore him to the earth. He fell on his knees
and forward, and the weight went over his head. He
knelt up and saw a second man from above seated be-
fore him.

  “I did not see you, Sire,” panted the man. He rose
and assisted Graham to arise. “Are you hurt, Sire?” he
panted. A succession of heavy blows on the ventilator
began, something fell close to Graham’s face, and' a
shivering edge of white metal danced, fell over, and
lay flat upon the floor.

  “What is this?” cried Graham, confused and look-
ing at the ventilator. “Who are you? What are you
going to do? Remember, I understand nothing.”

  “Stand back,” said the stranger, and drew him from
under the ventilator as another fragment of metal fell
heavily.

  “We want you to come, Sire,” panted the newcomer,
and Graham glancing at his face again, saw a new cut
had changed from white to red on his forehead, and a
couple of little trickles of blood started therefrom.
“Your people call for you.”

  “Come where? My people?”

  “To the hall about the markets. Your life is in dan-
ger here. We have spies. We learned but just in time.
The Council has decided—this very day—either to drug
or kill you. And everything is ready. The people are
drilled, the wind-vane police, the engineers, and half
the way-gearers are with us. We have the halls crowded
—shouting. The whole city shouts against the Council.
We have arms.” He wiped the blood with his hand.
“Your life here is not worth—”

  “But why arms?”

“The people have risen to protect you, Sire. What?”
He turned quickly as the man who had first come down
made a hissing with his teeth. Graham saw the latter
start back, gesticulate to them to conceal themselves,
and move as if to hide behind the opening door.

  As he did so Howard appeared, a little tray in one
hand and his heavy face downcast. He started, looked
up, the door slammed behind him, the tray tilted side-
ways, and the steel wedge struck him behind the ear.
He went down like a felled tree, and lay as he fell
athwart the floor of the outer room. The man who had
struck him bent hastily, studied his face for a moment,
rose, and returned to his work at the door.

  “Your poison!” said a voice in Graham’s ear.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

73

THEN abruptly they were in darkness. The innum-
erable cornice lights had been extinguished. Gra-
ham saw the aperture of the ventilator with ghostly snow
whirling above it and dark figures moving hastily. Three
knelt on the van. Some dim thing—a ladder—was being
lowered through the opening, and a hand appeared hold-
ing a fitful yellow light.

  He had a moment of hesitation. But the manner
of these men, their swift alacrity, their words, marched
so completely with his own fears of the Council, with
his idea and hope of a rescue, that it lasted not a moment.
And his people awaited him!

  “I do not understand,” he said, “I trust. Tell me what
to do."

  The man with the cut brow gripped Graham’s arm.
"Clamber up the ladder,” he whispered. “Quick. They
will have heard—”

  Graham felt for the ladder with extended hands, put
his foot on the lower rung, and, turning his head, saw
over the shoulder of the nearest man, in the yellow
flicker of the light, the first-comer astride over Howard
and still working at the door. Graham turned to the lad-
der again, and was thrust by his conductor and helped
up by those above, and then he was standing on some-
thing hard and cold and slippery outside the ventilating
funnel.

  He shivered. He was aware of a great difference in
the temperature. Half a dozen men stood about him,
and light flakes of snow touched hands and face and
melted. For a moment it was dark, then for a flash a
ghastly violet white, and then everything was dark
again.	__

  He saw he had come out upon the roof of the vast
city structure which had replaced the miscellaneous
houses, streets and open spaces of Victorian London.
The place upon which he stood was level, with huge
serpentine cables lying athwart it in every direction.
The circular wheels of a number of windmills loomed
indistinct and gigantic through the darkness and snow-
fall, and roared with a varying loudness as the fitful
wind rose and fell. Some way off an intermittent white
light smote up from below, touched the snow eddies with
a transient glitter, and made an evanescent spectre in
the night; and here and there, low down, some vaguely
outlined wind-driven mechanism flickered with livid
sparks.

  All this he appreciated in a fragmentary manner as
his rescuers stood about him. Someone threw a thick,
soft cloak of fur-like texture about him, and fastened
it by buckled straps at waist and shoulders. Things
were said briefly, decisively. Someone thrust him for-
ward.

  Before his mind was yet clear a dark shape gripped
his arm. “This way,” said this shape, urging him
along, and pointed Graham across the flat roof in the
direction of a dim semicircular haze of light. Graham
obeyed.

  “Hindi” said a voice, as Graham stumbled against
a cable. "Between them and not across them," said the
voice. And, “We must hurry.”

  “Where are the people?” said Graham. “The people
you said awaited me?”

  The stranger did not answer. He left Graham’s arm
as the path grew narrower, and led the way with rapid
strides. Graham followed blindly. In a minute he found
himself running. “Are the others coming?” he panted,
but received no reply. His companion glanced back
and ran on. They came to a sort of pathway of open
metal-work, transverse to the direction they had come,
and they turned aside to follow this. Graham looked
back, but the snowstorm had hidden the others.

  “Come on I” said his guide. Running now, they drew
near a little windmill spinning high in the air. “Stoop,”

said Graham’s guide, and they avoided an endless band
running roaring up to the shaft of the vane. “This way!”
and they were ankle deep in a gutter full of drifted,
thawing snow, between two low walls of metal that pres-
ently rose waist high. “I will go first,” said the guide.
Graham drew his cloak about him and followed. Then
suddenly came a narrow abyss across which the gutter
leapt to the snowy darkness of the further side. Graham
peeped over the side once and the gulf was black. For
a moment he regretted his flight. He dared not look
again, and his brain spun as he waded through the half
liquid snow.

  Then out of the gutter they clambered and hurried
across a wide, flat space damp with thawing snow, and
for half its extent dimly translucent to lights that went
to and fro underneath. He hesitated at this unstable
looking substance, but his guide ran on unheeding, and
so they came to and clambered up slippery steps to the
rim of a great dome of glass. Round this they went.
Far below a number of people seemed to be dancing, and
music filtered through the dome. . . . Graham fan-
cied he heard a shouting through the snowstorm, and
his guide hurried him on with a new spurt of haste.
They clambered panting to a space of huge windmills,
one so vast that only the lower edge of its vans came
rushing into sight and rushed up again and was lost
in the night and the snow. They hurried for a time
through the colossal metallic tracery of its supports, and
came at last above a place of moving platforms like
the place into which Graham had looked from the bal-
cony. They crawled across the sloping transparency that
covered this street of platforms, crawling on hands and
knees because of the slipperiness of the snowfall.

  For the most part the glass was bedewed, and Gra-
ham saw only hazy suggestions of the forms below,
but near the pitch of the transparent roof the glass was
clear, and he found himself looking sheerly down upon
it all. For awhile, in spite of the urgency of his guide,
he gave way to vertigo and lay spread-eagled on the
glass, sick and paralyzed. Far below, mere stirring
specks and dots, went the people of the unsleeping city
in their perpetual daylight, and the moving platforms
ran on their incessant journey. Messengers and men
on unknown businesses shot along the drooping cables
and the frail bridges were crowded with men. It was
like peering into a gigantic glass hive, and it lay verti-
cally below him with only a tough glass of unknown
thickness to save him from a fall. The street showed
warm and lit, and Graham was wet now to the skin
with thawing snow, and his feet were numbed with cold.
For a space he could not move. “Come on I” cried his
guide, with terror in his voice. “Come on!”

  Graham reached the pitch of the roof by an effort.

  Over the ridge, following his guide’s example, he
turned about and slid backward down the opposite slope
very swiftly, amid a little avalanche of snow. While
he was sliding he thought of what would happen if some
broken gap should come in his way. At the edge he
stumbled to his feet ankle deep in slush, thanking heaven
for an opaque footing again. His guide was already
clambering up a metal screen to a level expanse.

  Through the spare snowflakes above this loomed an-
other line of vast windmills, and then suddenly the
amorphous tumult of the rotating wheels was pierced
with a deafening sound. It was a mechanical shrilling
of extraordinary intensity that seemed to come simul-
taneously from every point of the compass.

  “They have missed us already!” cried Graham’s guide
in an accent of terror, and suddenly, with a blinding
flash, the night became day.

  Above the driving snow, from the summits of the
wind-wheels, appeared vast masts carrying globes of
livid light. They receded in illimitable vistas in every
74

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

direction. As far as his eye could penetrate the snow-
fall they glared.

  "Get on this,” cried Graham's conductor, and thrust
him forward to a long grating of snowless metal that
ran like a band between two slightly sloping expanses
of snow. It felt warm to Graham’s benumbed feet, and
a faint eddy of steam rose from it.

  "Come 011!” shouted his guide ten yards off, and,
without waiting, ran swiftly through the incandescent
glare towards the iron supports of the next range of
wind-wheels. Graham, recovering from his astonish-
ment, followed as fast, convinced of his imminent cap-
ture. . . .

  In a score of seconds they were within a tracery of
glare and black shadows shot with moving bars beneath
the monstrous wheels. Graham’s conductor ran on for
some time, and suddenly darted sideways and vanished
into a black shadow in the corner of the foot of a huge
support. In another moment Graham was beside him.

  They cowered panting and stared out.

THE scene upon which Graham looked was very wild
and strange. The snow had now almost ceased;

only a belated flake passed now and again across the pic-
ture. But the broad stretch of level before them was
a ghastly white, broken only by gigantic masses and
moving shapes and lengthy strips of impenetrable dark-
ness, vast ungainly Titans of shadow. All about them,
huge metallic structures, iron girders, inhumanly vast
as it seemed to him, interlaced, and the edges of wind-
wheels, scarcely moving in the lull, passed in great shin-
ing curves steeper and steeper up into a luminous haze.
Wherever the snow-spangled light struck down, beams
and girders, and incessant bands running with a halting,
indomitable resolution, passed upward and downward
into the black. And with all that mighty activity, with
an omnipresent sense of motive and design, this snow-
clad desolation of mechanism seemed void of all human
presence save themselves, seemed as trackless and de-
serted and unfrequented by men as some inaccessible
Alpine snowfield. s!

  “They will b£."cnasing us,” cried the leader. “We
are scarcely^.lKiifway there yet. Cold as it is we must
hide hero'tor a space—at least until it snows more
thickly again.”

  His teeth chattered in his head.

Clamber up the ladder—quick!
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

75

  “Where are the markets?” asked Graham staring out.
“Where are all the people?”

  The other made no answer.

  “Look!" whispered Graham, crouched close, and be-
came very still.

  The snow had suddenly become thick again, and slid-
ing with the whirling eddies out of the black pit of the
sky came something, vague and large and very swift.
It came down in a steep curve and swept round, wide
wings extended and a trail of white condensing steam
behind it, rose with an easy swiftness and went gliding
up the air, swept horizontally forward in a wide curve,
and vanished again in the steaming specks of snow.
And, through the ribs of its body, Graham saw two little
men, very minute and active, searching the snowy areas
about him, as it seemed to him, with field glasses. For
a second they were clear, then hazy through a thick whirl
of snow, then small and distant, and in a minute they
were gone.

  “Now!" cried his companion. “Come!”

  He pulled Graham’s sleeve, and incontinently the two
were running headlong down the arcade of ironwork be-
neath the wind-wheels. Graham, running blindly, col-
lided with his leader, who had turned back on him sud-
denly. He found himself within a dozen yards of a
black chasm. It extended as far as he could see right
and left. It seemed to cut off their progress in either
direction.

  "Do as I do,” whispered his guide. He lay down and
crawled to the edge, thrust his head over and twisted
until one leg hung. He seemed to feel for something
with his foot, found it, and went sliding over the edge
into the gulf. His head reappeared. "It is a ledge,”
he whispered. “In the dark all the way along. Do as
I did.”

  Graham hesitated, went down upon all fours, crawled
to the edge, and peered into a velvety blackness. For a
sickly moment he had courage neither to go on nor re-
treat, then he sat and hung his leg down, felt his guide’s
hands pulling at him, had a horrible sensation of sliding
over the edge into the unfathomable, splashed, and felt
himself in a slushy gutter, impenetrably dark.

  “This way,” whispered the voice, and he began
crawling along the gutter through the trickling thaw,
pressing himself against the wall. They continued along
it for some minutes. He seemed to pass through a hun-
dred stages of misery, to pass minute after minute
through a hundred degrees of cold, damp, and exhaus-
tion. In a little while he ceased to feel his hands and
feet.

  The gutter sloped downwards. He observed that they
were now many feet below the edge of the buildings.
Rows of spectral white shapes like the ghosts of blind-
drawn windows rose above them. They came to the
end of a cable fastened above one of these white win-
dows, dimly visible and dropping into impenetrable
shadows. Suddenly his hand came against his guide’s.
“Still!" whispered the latter very softly.

  He looked up with a start and saw the huge wings
of the flying machine gliding slowly and noiselessly
overhead athwart the broad band of snow-flecked grey-
blue sky. In a moment it was hidden again.

  “Keep still; they were just turning.”

  For awhile both were motionless, then Graham’s com-
panion stood up, and reaching towards the fastenings of
the cable fumbled with some indistinct tackle.

  “What is that?” asked Graham.

  The only answer was a faint cry. The man crouched
motionless. Graham peered and saw his face dimly. He
was staring down the long ribbon of sky, and Graham,
following his eyes, saw the flying machine small and
faint and remote. Then he saw that the wings spread
on either side, that it headed towards them, that every

moment it grew larger. It was following the edge of
the chasm towards them.

  The man’s movements became convulsive. He thrust
two cross bars into Graham’s hand. Graham could not
see them, he ascertained their form by feeling. They
were slung by thin cords to the cable. On the cord
were hand grips of some soft elastic substance. “Put the
cross between your legs,” whispered the guide hyster-
ically, “and grip the holdfasts. Grip tightly, grip!”
Graham did as he was told.

  “Jump,” said the voice. "In heaven’s name, jump!”
For one momentous second Graham could not speak.
He was glad afterwards that darkness hid his face. He
said nothing. He began to tremble violently. He looked
sideways at the swift shadow that swallowed up the sky
as it rushed upon him.

  “Jump! Jump—in God’s name! Or they will have
us,” cried Graham's guide, and in the violence of his
passion thrust him forward.

  Graham tottered convulsively, gave a sobbing cry, a
cry in spite of himself, and then, as the flying machine
swept over them, fell forward into the pit of that dark-
ness, seated on the cross wood and holding the ropes
with the clutch of death. Something cracked, something
rapped smartly against a wall. He heard the pulley of
the cradle hum on its rope. He heard the aeronauts
shout. He felt a pair of knees digging into his back.
... He was sweeping headlong through the air, fall-
ing through the air. All his strength was in his hands.
He would have screamed but he had no breath.

  He shot into a blinding light that made him grip
the tighter. He recognized the great passage with the
running ways, the hanging lights and interlacing gir-
ders. They rushed upward and by him. He had a
momentary impression of a great circular aperture
yawning to swallow him up.

  He was in the dark again, falling, falling, gripping
with aching hands, and behold! a clap of sound, a burst
of light, and he was in a brightly lit hall with a roaring
multitude of people beneath his feet. The people! His
people! A proscenium, a stage rushed up towards him,
and his cable swept down to a circular aperture to the
right of this. He felt he was travelling slower, and
suddenly very much slower. He distinguished shouts
of “Saved! The Master. He is safe!” The stage rushed
up towards him with rapidly diminishing swiftness.
Then—.

  He heard the man clinging behind him shout as if
suddenly terrified, and this shout was echoed by a shout
from below. He felt that he was no longer gliding along
the cable but falling with it. There was a tumult of
yells, screams and cries. He felt something soft against
his extended hand, and the impact of a broken fall quiv-
ering through his arm. . . .

  He wanted to be still and the people were lifting him.
He believed afterwards he was carried to the platform
and given some drink, but he was never sure. He did
not notice what became of his guide. When his mind
was clear again he was on his feet; eager hands were
assisting him to stand. He was in a big alcove, occupy-
ing the position that in his previous experience had been
devoted to the lower boxes. If this was indeed a theatre.

  A mighty tumult was in his ears, a thunderous roar,
the shouting of a countless multitude. “It is the Sleeper!
The Sleeper is with us!”

  “The Sleeper is with us! The Master—the Owner!
The Master is with us. He is safe.”

  Graham had a surging vision of a great hall crowded
with people. He saw no individuals, he was conscious
of a froth of pink faces, of waving arms and garments,
he felt the occult influence of a vast crowd pouring over
him, buoying him up. There were balconies, galleries,
great archways giving remoter perspectives, and every-
where people, a vast arena of people, densely packed and
76

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

cheering. Across the nearer space lay the collapsed
cable like a huge snake. It had been cut by the men of
the flying machine at its upper end, and had crumpled
down into the hall. Men seemed to be hauling this out
of the way. But the whole effect was vague, the very
buildings throbbed and leapt with the roar of the voices.

  He stood unsteadily and looked at those about him.
Someone supported him by one arm. “Let me go into
a little room,” he said, weeping; “a little room,” and
could say no more. A man in black stepped forward,
took his disengaged arm. He was aware of officious men
opening a door before him. Someone guided him to a
seat. He staggered. He sat down heavily and covered
his face with his hands; he was trembling violently, his
nervous control was at an end. He was relieved of his
cloak, he could not remember how; his purple hose he
saw were black with wet. People were running about
him, things were happening, but for some time he gave
no heed to them.

  He had escaped. A myriad of cries told him that.
He was safe. These were the people who were on his
side. For a space he sobbed for breath, and then he sat
still with his face covered. The air was full of the
shouting of innumerable men.

CHAPTER IX
The People March

HE became aware of someone urging a glass of clear
fluid upon his attention, looked up and discovered
this was a dark young man in a yellow garment.
He took the dose forthwith, and in a moment he was
glowing. A tall man in a black robe stood by his
shoulder, and pointed to the half open door into the hall.
This man was shouting close to his ear and yet what was
said was indistinct because of the tremendous uproar
from the great theatre. Behind the man was a girl in a
silvery grey robe, whom Graham, even in this confusion,
perceived to be beautiful. Her dark eyes, full of wonder
end curiosity were fixed on him, her lips trembled apart.
A partially opened door gave a glimpse of the crowded
hall, and admitted a vast uneven tumult, a hammering,
clapping and shouting that died away and began again,
and rose to a thunderous pitch, and so continued inter-
mittently all the time that Graham remained in the little
room. He watched the lips of the man in black and gath-
ered that he was making some clumsy explanation.

  He stared stupidly for some moments at these things
and then stood up abruptly; he grasped the arm of this
shouting person.

  “Tell me!” he cried. “Who am I? Who am I?”

  The others came nearer to hear his words. “Who am
I?” His eyes searched their faces.

  “They have told him nothing!” cried the girl.

  “Tell me, tell me!" cried Graham.

  “You are the Master of the Earth. You are owner of
half the world.”

  He did not believe he heard aright. He resisted the
persuasion. He pretended not to understand, not to hear.
He lifted his voice again. “I have been awake three days
—a prisoner three days. I judge there is some struggle
between a number of people in this city—it is London?”
“Yes,” said the younger man.

  “And those who meet in the great hall with the white
Atlas? How does it concern me? In some way it has
to do with me. Why, I don’t know. Drugs? It seems
to me that while I have slept the world has gone mad.
I have gone mad.

  “Who are those Councillors under the Atlas? Why
should they try to drug me?”

  “To keep you insensible,” said the man in yellow.
“To prevent your interference.”

 “But why?"

  “Because you are the Atlas, Sire,” said the man in

yellow. “The world is on your shoulders. They rule it
in your name.”

  The sounds from the hall had died into a silence
threaded by one monotonous voice. Now suddenly, tramp-
ling on these last words, came a deafening tumult, a
roaring and thundering, cheer crowded on cheer, voices
hoarse and shrill, beating, overlapping, and while it lasted
the people in the little room could not hear each other
shout.

  Graham stood, his intelligence clinging helplessly to
the thing he had just heard. "The Council,” he repeated
blankly, and then snatched at a name that had struck
him. “But who is Ostrog?” he said.

  “He is the organizer—the orgarizer of the revolt. Our
Leader—in your name.”

  "In my name?— And you? Why is he not here?”
“He—has deputed us. I am his brother—his half-
brother, Lincoln. He wants you to show yourself to
these people and then come on to him. That is why he
has sent us. He is at the wind-vane offices directing. The
people are marching.”

  “In your name,” shouted the younger man. “They
have ruled, crushed, tyrannized. At last even—”

  “In my name! My name! Master?”

  The younger man suddenly became audible in a pause
of the outer thunder, indignant and vociferous, a high
penetrating voice under his red aquiline nose and bushy
moustache. "No one expected you to wake. No one
expected you to wake. They were cunning. Damned
tyrants! But they were taken by surprise. They did
not know whether to drug you, hypnotize you, kill you.”
Again the hall dominated everything.

  “Ostrog is at the wind-vane offices ready—. Even
now there is a rumor of fighting beginning.”

  ^The man who had called himself Lincoln came close to
him. “Ostrog has it planned. Trust him. We have our
organizations ready. We shall seize the flying stages—.
Even now he may be doing that. Then—”

  “This public theatre,” bawled the man in yellow, “is
only a contingent. We have five myriads of drilled
men—”

  “We have arms,” cried Lincoln. “We have plans. A
leader. Their police have gone from the streets and are
massed in the—” (inaudible). “It is now or never.
The Council is rocking— They cannot trust even their
drilled men—’’

  “Hear the people calling to you!”

  Graham’s mind was like a night of moon and swift
clouds, now dark and hopeless, now clear and ghastly.
He was Master of the Earth, he was a man sodden with
thawing snow. Of all his fluctuating impressions the
dominant ones presented an antagonism; on the one
hand was the White Council, powerful, disciplined, few,
the White Council from which he had just escaped; and
on the other, monstrous crowds, packed masses of indis-
tinguishable people clamoring his name, hailing him
Master. The other side had imprisoned him, debated his
death. These shouting thousands beyond the little door-
way had rescued him. But why these things should be
so he could not understand.

  The door opened, Lincoln’s voice was swept away and
drowned, and a rush of people followed on the heels of
the tumult. These intruders came towards him and Lin-
coln gesticulating. The voices without explained their
soundless lips. “Show us the Sleeper, show us the
Sleeper!” was the burden of the ..uproar. Men were
bawling for “Order! Silence!”

  Graham glanced towards the open doorway, and saw
a tall, oblong picture of the hall beyond, a waving, in-
cessant confusion of crowded, shouting faces, men and
women together, waving pale blue garments, extended
hands. Many were standing, one man in rags of dark
brown, a gaunt figure, stood on the seat and waved a
black cloth. He met the wonder and expectation of the
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

77

girl’s eyes. What did these people expect from him.
He was dimly aware that the tumult outside had changed
its character, was in some way beating, marching. His
own mind, too, changed. For a space he did not recog-
nize the influence that was transforming him. But a
moment that was near to panic passed. He tried to
make audible inquiries of what was required of him.

  Lincoln was shouting in his ear, but Graham was
deafened to that. All the others save the woman ges-
ticulated towards the hall. He perceived what had hap-
pened to the uproar. The whole mass of people was
chanting together. It was not simply a song, the voices
were gathered together and upborne by a torrent of in-
strumental music, music like the music of an organ, a
woven texture of sounds, full of trumpets, full of flaunt-
ing banners, full of the march and pageantry of opening
war. And the feet of the people were beating time—
tramp, tramp.

  He was urged towards the door. He obeyed mechanic-
ally. The strength of that chant took hold of him, stirred
him, emboldened him. The hall opened to him, a vast
welter of fluttering color swaying to the music.

  ‘‘Wave your arm to them,” said Lincoln. “Wave your
arm to them.”

  “This,” said a voice on the other side, “he must have
this.” Arms were about his neck detaining him in the
doorway, and a black subtly-folding mantle hung from
his shoulders. He threw his arm free of this and fol-
lowed Lincoln. He perceived the girl in grey close to
him, her face lit, her gesture onward. For the instant
she became to him, flushed and eager as she was, an em-
bodiment of the song. He emerged in the alcove again.
Incontinently the mounting waves of the song broke upon
his appearing, and flashed up into a foam of shouting.
Guided by Lincoln’s hand he marched obliquely across the
centre of the stage facing the people.

THE hall was a vast and intricate space—galleries,
balconies, broad spaces of amphitheatral steps, and
great archways. Far away, high up, seemed the mouth
of a huge passage full of struggling humanity. The
whole multitude was swaying in congested masses. In-
dividual figures sprang out of the tumult, impressed him
momentarily, and lost definition again. Close to the
platform swayed a beautiful fair woman, carried by
three men, her hair across her face and brandishing a
green staff. Next this group an old careworn man in blue
canvas maintained his place in the crush with difficulty,
and behind shouted a hairless face, a great cavity of
toothless mouth. A voice called that enigmatical word
“Ostrog.” All his impressions were vague save the mas-
sive emotion of that trampling song. The multitude
were beating time with their feet—marking time, tramp,
tramp, tramp, tramp. The green weapons waved,
flashed and slanted. Then he saw those nearest to him
on a level space before the stage were marching in front
of him, passing towards a great archway, shouting “To
the Council!” Tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp. He raised
his arm, and the roaring was redoubled. He remembered
he had to shout “March!” His mouth shaped inaudible
heroic words. He waved his arm again and pointed to
the archway, shouting "Onward!” They were no longer
marking time, they were marching; tramp, tramp, tramp,
tramp. In that host were bearded men, old men, youths,
fluttering robed bare-armed women, girls. Men and
women of the new age I Rich robes, grey rags fluttered
together in the whirl of their movement amidst the domi-
nant blue. A monstrous black banner jerked its way
to the right. He perceived a blue-clad negro, a shrivelled
woman in yellow, then a group of tall fair-haired, white-
faced, blue-clad men pushed theatrically past him. He
noted two Chinamen. A tall, sallow, dark-haired, shining-
eyed youth, white clad from top to toe, clambered up

towards the platform shouting loyally, and sprang down
again and receded, looking backward. Heads, shoulders,
hands clutching weapons, all were swinging with those
marching cadences.

  Faces came out of the confusion to him as he stood
there, eyes met his and passed and vanished. Men ges-
ticulated to him, shouted inaudible personal things.
Most of the faces were flushed, but many were ghastly
white. And disease was there, and many a hand that
waved to him was gaunt and lean. Men and women of
the new age! Strange and incredible meeting! As the
broad stream passed before him to the right, tributary
gangways from the remote uplands of the hall thrust
downward in an incessant replacement of people; tramp,
tramp, tramp, tramp. The unison of the song was en-
riched and complicated by the massive echoes of arches
and passages. Men and women mingled in the ranks;
tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp. The whole world seemed
marching. Tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp; his brain was
tramping. The garments waved onward, the faces
poured by more abundantly.

  Tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp; at Lincoln's pressure he
turned towards the archway, walking unconsciously in
that rhythm, scarcely noticing his movement for the
melody and stir of it. The multitude, the gesture and
song, all moved in that direction, the flow of people smote
downward until the upturned faces ware below the level
of his feet. He was aware of a path before him, of
a suite about him, of guards and dignitaries, and Lincoln
on his right hand. Attendants intervened, and ever and
again blotted out the sight of the multitude to the left.
Before him went the backs of the guards in black—
three and three and three. He was marched along a
little railed way, and crossed above the archway, with
the torrent dipping to flow beneath, and shouting up to
him. He did not know whither he went; he did not want
to know. He glanced back across a flaming spaciousness
of hall. Tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp.

' CHAPTER X

The Battle of the Darkness

HE was no longer in the hall. He was marching
along a gallery overhanging one of the great
streets of the moving platforms that traversed the
city. Before him and behind him tramped his guards.
The whole concave of the moving ways below was a
congested mass of people marching, tramping to the left,
shouting, waving hands and arms, pouring along a huge
vista, shouting as they came into view, shouting as they
passed, shouting as they receded, until the globes of elec-
tric light receding in perspective dropped down it seemed
and hid the swarming bare heads. Tramp, tramp, tramp,
tramp.

  The song roared up to Graham now, no longer upborne
by music, but coarse and noisy, and the beating of the
marching feet, tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp, interwove
with a thunderous irregularity of footsteps from the
undisciplined rabble that poured along the higher ways.
Abruptly he noted a contrast. The buildings on the
opposite side of the way seemed deserted, the cables
and bridges that laced across the aisle were empty and
shadowy. It came into Graham's mind that these also
should have swarmed with people.

  He felt a curious emotion—throbbing—very fast! He
stopped again. The guards before him marched on;
those about him stopped as he did. He saw the direction
of their faces. The throbbing had something to do with
the lights. He too looked up.

  At first it seemed to him a thing that affected the lights
simply, an isolated phenomenon, having no bearing on
the things below. Each huge globe of blinding white-
ness was as it were clutched, compressed in a systole that
78

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

was followed by a transitory diastole, and again a systole
like a tightening grip, darkness, light, darkness, in rapid
alternation.

  Graham became aware that this strange behavior of
the lights had to do with the people below. The appear-
ance of the houses and ways, the appearance of the
packed masses changed, became a confusion of vivid
lights and leaping shadows. He saw a multitude of
shadows had sprung into aggressive existence, seemed
rushing up, broadening, widening, growing with steady
swiftness—to leap suddenly back and return reinforced.
The song and the tramping had ceased. The unanimous
march, he discovered, was arrested, there were eddies, a
flow sideways, shouts of “The lights!” Voices were
crying together one thing. “The lights!” cried these
voices. “The lights!” He looked down. In this danc-
ing death of the lights the area of the street had sud-
denly become a monstrous struggle. The huge white
globes became purple-white, purple with a reddish glow,
flickered, flickered faster and faster, fluttered between
light and extinction, ceased to flicker and became mere
fading specks of glowing red in a vast obscurity. In ten
seconds the extinction was accomplished, and there was
only this roaring darkness, a black monstrosity that had
suddenly swallowed up those glittering myriads of men.

  He felt invisible forms about him; his arms were
gripped. Something rapped sharply against his shin.
A voice bawled in his ear, “It is all right—all right.”
Graham shook off the paralysis of his first astonish-
ment. He struck his forehead against Lincoln’s and
bawled, "What is this darkness?”

  “The Council has cut the currents that light the city.
We must wait—stop. The people will go on. They will—”
His voice was drowned. Voices were shouting, “Save
the Sleeper. Take care of the Sleeper." A guard
stumbled against Graham and hurt his hand by an in-
advertent blow of his weapon. A wild tumult tossed
and whirled about him, growing, as it seemed, louder,
denser, more furious each moment. Fragments of recog-
nizable sounds drove towards him, were whirled away
from him as his mind reached out to grasp them. Voices
seemed to be shouting conflicting orders, other voices
answered. There were suddenly a succession of piercing
screams close beneath them.

  A voice bawled in his ear, “The red police,” and
receded forthwith beyond his questions.

  A crackling sound grew to distinctness, and therewith
a leaping of faint flashes along the edge of the further
ways. By their light Graham saw the heads and bodies
of a number of men, armed with weapons like those of
his guards, leap into an instant’s dim visibility. The
whole area began to crackle, to flash with little instant-
aneous streaks of light, and abruptly the darkness rolled
back like a curtain.

  A glare of light dazzled his eyes, a vast seething ex-
panse of struggling men confused his mind. A shout,
a burst of cheering, came across the ways. He looked
up to see the source of the light. A man hung far over-
head from the upper part of a cable, holding by a rope
the blinding star that had driven the darkness back.
He wore a red uniform.

  Graham’s eyes fell to the ways again. A wedge of red
a little way along the vista caught his eye. He saw it
was a dense mass of red-clad men jammed on the higher
further way, their backs against the pitiless cliff of build-
ing, and surrounded by a dense crowd of antagonists.
They were fighting. Weapons flashed and rose and fell,
heads vanished at the edge of the contest, and other heads
replaced them, the little flashes from the green weapons
became little jets of smoky grey while the light lasted.

ABRUPTLY the flare was extinguished and the ways
were an inky darkness once more, a tumultuous
mystery.

  He felt something thrusting against him. He was being
pushed along the gallery. Someone was shouting—it
might be at him. He was too confused to hear. He
was thrust against the wall, and a number of people
blundered past him. It seemed to him that his guards
were struggling with one another.

  Suddenly the cable-hung star-holder appeared again,
and the whole scene was white and dazzling. The band
of red-coats seemed broader and nearer; its apex was
half-way down the ways towards the central aisle. And
raising his eyes Graham saw that a number of these
men had also appeared now in the darkened lower gal-
leries of the opposite building, and were firing over the
heads of their fellows below at the boiling confusion of
people on the lower ways. The meaning of these things
dawned upon him. The march of the people had come
upon an ambush at the very outset. Thrown into con-
fusion by the extinction of the lights they were now
being attacked by the red police. Then he became aware
that he was standing alone, that his guards and Lincoln
were along the gallery in the direction along which he
had come before the darkness fell. He saw they were
gesticulating to him wildly, running back towards him.

A great shouting came from across the ways. Then it
seemed as though the whole face of the darkened build-
ing opposite was lined and speckled with red-clad men.
And they were pointing over to him and shouting. “The
Sleeper! Save the Sleeper!” shouted a multitude of
throats.

  Something struck the wall above his head. He looked
up at the impact and saw a star-shaped splash of silvery
metal. He saw Lincoln near him. Felt his arm gripped.
Then, pat, pat; he had been missed twice.

  For a moment he did not understand this. The street
was hidden, everything was hidden, as he looked. The
second flare had burned out.

  Lincoln had gripped Graham by the arm, was lugging
him along the gallery. “Before the next light!” he cried.
His haste was contagious. Graham’s instinct of self-
preservation overcame the paralysis of his incredulous
astonishment. He became for a time the blind creature
of the fear of death. He ran, stumbling because of the
uncertainty of the darkness, blundered into his guards
as they turned to run with him. Haste was his one desire,
to escape this perilous gallery upon which he was ex-
posed. A third glare came close on its predecessors.
With it came a great shouting across the ways, an an-
swering tumult from the ways. The red-coats below,
he saw, had now almost gained the central passage.
Their countless faces turned towards him, and they
shouted. The white facade opposite was densely stippled
with red. All these wonderful things concerned him,
turned upon him as a pivot. These were the guards of
the Council attempting to recapture him.

  Lucky it was for him that these shots were the first
fired in anger for a hundred and fifty years. He heard
bullets whacking over his head, felt a splash of molten
metal sting his ear, and perceived without looking that
the whole opposite facade, an unmasked ambuscade of
red police, was crowded and bawling and firing at him.

  Down went one of his guards before him, and Graham,
unable to stop, leapt the writhing body.

  In another second he had plunged, unhurt, into a black ,
passage, and incontinently someone, coming, it may be,
in a transverse direction, blundered violently into him.

He was hurling down a staircase in absolute darkness.

He reeled, and was struck again, and came against a
wall with his hands. He was crushed by a weight of
struggling bodies, whirled round, and thrust to the right.

A vast pressure pinned him. He could not breathe, his
ribs seemed cracking. He felt a momentary relaxation,
and then the whole mass of people moving together, bore
him back towards the great theatre from which he had
so recently come. There were moments when his feet
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

79

did not touch the ground. Then he was staggering and
shoving. He heard shouts of “They are coming!” and a
muffled cry close to him. His foot blundered against
something soft, he heard a hoarse scream under foot. He
heard shouts of “The Sleeper!” but he was too confused
to speak. He heard the green weapons crackling. For
a space he lost his individual will, became an atom in a
panic, blind, unthinking, mechanical. He thrust and
pressed back and writhed in the pressure, kicked pres-
ently against a step, and found himself ascending a slope.
And abruptly the faces all about him leapt out of the
black, visible, ghastly-white and astonished, terrified,
perspiring, in a livid glare. One face, a young man’s,
was very near to him, not twenty inches away. At the
time it was but a passing incident of no emotional value,
but afterwards it came back to him in his dreams. For
this young man, wedged upright in the crowd for a time,
had been shot and was already dead.

  A fourth white star must have been lit by the man on
the cable. Its light came glaring in through vast win-
dows and arches and showed Graham that he was now
one of a dense mass of flying black figures pressed back
across the lower area of the great theatre. This time
the picture was livid and fragmentary, slashed and
barred with black shadows. He saw that quite near to

him the red guards were fighting their way through the
people. He could not tell whether they saw him. He
looked for Lincoln and his guards. He saw Lincoln near
the stage of the theatre surrounded in a crowd of black-
badged revolutionaries, lifted up and staring to and fro
as if seeking him. Graham perceived that he himself
was near the opposite edge of the crowd, that behind him,
separated by a barrier, sloped the now vacant seats of the
theatre. A sudden idea came to him, and he began fight-
ing his way towards the barrier. As he reached it the
glare came to an end.

  In a moment he had thrown off the great cloak that
not only impeded his movements but made him con-
spicuous, and had slipped it from his shoulders. He
heard someone trip in its folds. In another, he was
scaling the barrier and had dropped into the blackness
on the further side. Then feeling his way he came to
the lower end of an ascending gangway. In the darkness
the sound of firing ceased and the roar of feet and voices
lulled. Then suddenly he came to an unexpected step
and tripped and fell. As he did so pools and islands
amidst the darkness about him leapt to vivid light again,
the uproar surged louder and the glare of the fifth white
star shone through the vast fenestrations of the theatre
walls.

A wild tumult tossed and whirled about him.
80

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

moment the man stood still

   He rolled over among: some seats, heard a shouting an«
the whirring rattle of weapons, struggled up and was
knocked back again, perceived that a number of black-
badged men were all about him firing at the reds below,
leaping from seat to seat, crouching among the seats to
reload. Instinctively he crouched amidst the seats, as
stray shots ripped the pneumatic cushions and cut
bright slashes on their soft metal frames. Instinctively
he marked the direction of the gangways, the most
plausible way of escape for him so soon as the veil of
darkness fell again.

  A young man in faded blue garments came vaulting
over the seats. “Hullo!” he said, with his flying feet
within six inches of the crouching Sleeper’s face.

   He stared without any sign of recognition, turned to
fire, fired, and, shouting, “To hell with the Council!”
was about to fire again. Then it seemed to Graham that
the half of this man’s neck had vanished. A drop of
moisture fell on Graham’s cheek. The green weapon
stopped half raised. For a
with his face suddenly ex-
pressionless, then he be-
gan to slant forward.

His knees bent. Man and
darkness fell together. At
the sound of his fall
Graham rose up and ran
for his life until a step
down to the gangway
tripped him. He scram-
bled to his feet, turned up
the gangway and ran on.

WHEN the sixth star
glared he was al-
ready close to the yawn-
ing throat of a passage.

He ran on the swifter for
the light, entered the
passage and turned a
corner into absolute night
again. He was knocked
sideways, rolled over, and
recovered his feet. He
found himself one of a
crowd of invisible fugi-
tives pressing in one di-
rection. His one thought
now was their thought
also; to escape out of this
fighting. He thrust and
Struck, staggered, ran,
was wedged tightly, lost
ground and then was
clear again.

  For some minutes he
was running through the

darkness along a winding passage, and then he crossed
some wide and open space, passed down a long incline,
and came at last down a flight of steps to a level place.
Many people were shouting, "They are coming! The
guards are coming. They are firing. Get out of the fight-
ing. The guards are firing. It will be safe in Seventh Way.
Along here to Seventh Way!” There were women and
children in the crowd as well as men. Men called names
to him. The crowd converged on an archway, passed
through a short throat and emerged on a wider space
again, lit dimly. The black figures about him spread
out and ran up what seemed in the twilight to be a
gigantic series of steps. He followed. The people dis-
persed to the right and left. ... He perceived that
he was no longer in a crowd. He stopped near the high-
est step. Before him, on that level, were groups of seats

and a little kiosk. He went up to this and, stopping in
the shadow of its eaves, looked about him panting.

  Everything was vague and gray, but he recognized
that these great steps were a series of platforms of the
“ways,” now motionless again. The platform slanted
up on either side, and the tall buildings rose beyond, vast
dim ghosts, their inscriptions and advertisements indis-
tinctly seen, and up through the girders and cables was a
faint interrupted ribbon of pallid sky. A number of
people hurried by. From their shouts and voices, it
seemed they were hurrying to join the fighting. Other
less noisy figures flitted timidly among the shadows.

  From very far away down the street he could hear the
sound of a struggle. But it was evident to him that this
was not the street into which the theatre opened. That
former fight, it seemed, had suddenly dropped out of
sound and hearing. And—grotesque thought!—they
were fighting for him!

  For a space he was like a man who pauses in the
reading of a vivid book, and suddenly doubts what he

had been taking unques-
tionably. At that time
he had little mind for de-
tails; the whole effect
was a huge astonishment.
Oddly enough, while the
flight from the Council
prison, the great crowd in
the hall, and the attack
of the red police upon
the swarming people
were clearly present in
his mind, it cost him an
effort to piece in his
awakening and to revive
the meditative interval of
the Silent Rooms. At
first his memory leapt
these things and took
him back to the cascade
at Pentargen quivering in
the wind and all the
sombre splendors of the
sunlit Cornish coast. The
contrast touched every-
thing with unreality. And
then the gap filled, and
he began to comprehend
his position.

  It was no longer abso-
lutely a riddle, as it had
been in the Silen' Rooms.
At least he had the
strange, bare outline now.
He was in some way the
owner of half the world,
and great political parties
were fighting to possess him. On the one hand was the
White Council, with its red police, set resolutely, it
seemed, on the usurpation of his property and perhaps
his murder; on the other, the revolution that had liber-
ated him, with this unseen "Ostrog” as its leader. And
the whole of this gigantic city was convulsed by their
struggle. Frantic development of his world! “I do
not understand,” he cried. “I do not understand!”

  He had slipped out between the contending parties
into this liberty of the twilight. What would happen
next? What was happening? He figured the red-clad
men as busily hunting him, driving the black-badged
revolutionists before them.

  At any rate chance had given him a breathing space.
He could lurk unchallenged by the passers-by, and watch
the course of things. His eye followed up the intricate

small, bunchcd-up figure.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

81

dim immensity of the twilight buildings, and it came to
him as a thing infinitely wonderful, that above there the
sun was rising, and the world was lit and glowing with
the old familiar light of day. In a little while he had
recovered his breath. His clothing had already dried
upon him from the snow.

  He wandered for miles along these twilight ways,
speaking to no one, accosted by no one—a dark figure
among dark figures—the coveted man out of the past,
the inestimable unintentional owner of half the world.
Wherever there were lights or dense crowds, or excep-
tional excitement he was afraid of recognition, and
watched and turned back or went up and down by the
middle stairways, into some transverse system of ways
at a lower or higher level. And though he came on no
more fighting, the whole city stirred with battle. Once
he had to run to avoid a marching multitude of men
that swept the street. Everyone abroad seemed involved.
For the most part they were men, and they carried what
he judged were weapons. It seemed as though the
struggle was concentrated mainly in the quarter of the
city from which he came. Ever and again a distant
roaring, the remote suggestion of that conflict, reached
his ears. Then his caution and his curiosity struggled
together. But his caution prevailed, and he continued
wandering away from the fighting—so far as he could
judge. He went unmolested, unsuspected through the
dark. After a time he ceased to hear even a remote
echo of the battle, fewer and fewer people passed him,
until at last the Titanic streets became deserted. The
frontages of the buildings grew plain and harsh; he
seemed to have come to a district of vacant warehouses.
Solitude crept upon him—his pace slackened.

  He became aware of a growing fatigue. At times
he would turn aside and seat himself on one of the
numerous seats of the upper ways. But a feverish
restlessness, the knowledge of his vital implication in
this struggle, would not let him rest in any place for
long. Was the struggle on his behalf alone?

  And then in a desolate place came the shock of an
earthquake—a roaring and thundering—a mighty wind
of cold air pouring through the city, the smash of glass,
the slip and thud of falling masonry—a series of gigantic
concussions. A mass of glass and ironwork fell from
the remote roofs into the middle gallery, not a hundred
yards away from him, and in the distance were shouts
and running. He, too, was startled to an aimless activity,
and ran first one way and then as aimlessly back.

  A man came running towards him. His self-control re-
turned. “What have they blown up?” asked the man
breathlessly. “That was an explosion,” and before Gra-
ham could speak he had hurried on.

  The great buildings rose dimly, veiled by a perplexing
twilight, albeit the rivulet of sky above was now bright
with day. He noted many strange features, understand-
ing none at the time; he even spelt out many of the in-
scriptions in Phonetic lettering. But what profits it to
decipher a confusion of odd-looking letters resolving it-
self, after painful strain of eye and mind, into “Here is
Eadhamite,” or “Labor Bureau—Little Side?” Gro-
tesque thought, that in all probability some or all of these
cliff-like houses were his!

  The perversity of his experience came to him vividly.
In actual fact he had made such a leap in time as romanc-
ers have imagined again and again. And that fact
realized, he had been prepared, his mind had, as it were,
seated itself for a spectacle. And no spectacle, but a
great vague danger, unsympathetic shadows and veils of
darkness. Somewhere through the labyrinthine obscurity
his death sought him. Would he, after all, be killed be-
fore he saw? It might be that even at the next shadowy
corner his destruction ambushed. A great desire to see,
a great longing to know, arose in him.

  He became fearful of corners. It seemed to him that
there was safety in concealment. Where could he hide
to be inconspicuous when the lights returned? At last
he sat down upon a seat in a recess on one of the higher
ways, conceiving he was alone there.

  He squeezed his knuckles into his weary eyes. Suppose
when he looked again he found the dark trough of parallel
ways and that intolerable altitude of edifice, gone? Sup-
pose he were to discover the whole story of these last few
days, the awakening, the shouting multitudes, the dark-
ness and the fighting, a phantasmagoria, a new and more
vivid sort of dream. It must be a dream; it was so in-
consecutive, so reasonless. Why were the people fighting
for him? Why should this saner world regard him as
Owner and Master?

  So he thought, sitting blinded, and then he looked
again, half hoping in spite of his ears to see some famil-
iar aspect of the life of the nineteenth century, to see,
perhaps, the little harbor of Boscastle about him, the
cliffs of Pentargen, or the bedroom of hi3 home. But
fact takes no heed of human hopes. A squad of men with
a black banner tramped athwart the nearer shadows, in-
tent on conflict, and beyond rose that giddy wall of front-
age, vast and dark, with the dim incomprehensible letter-
ing showing faintly on its face.

  “It is no dream,” he said, "no dream.” And he bowed
his face upon his hands.

CHAPTER XI
The Old Man Who Knew Everything

E was startled by a cough close at hand.

  He turned sharply, and peering, saw a sma'l,
hunched-up figure sitting a couple of yards off in
the shadow of the enclosure.

  “Have ye any news?” asked the high-pitched wheezy
voice of a very old man.

  Graham hesitated. “None," he said.

  “I stay here till the lights come again,” said the old
man. “These blue scoundrels are everywhere—every-
where.”

  Graham’s answer was inarticulate assent. He tried to
see the old man but the darkness hid his face. He wanted
very much to respond, to talk, but he did not know how
to begin.

  “Dark and damnable,” said the old man suddenly.
"Dark and damnable. Turned out of my room among all
these dangers.”

“That’s hard,” ventured Graham. "That’s hard on you.”

  “Darkness. An old man lost in the darkness. And
all the world gone mad. War and fighting. The police
beaten and rogues abroad. Why don’t they bring some
negroes to protect us? ... No more dark passages
for me. I fell over a dead man.”

  “You’re safer with company,” said the old man, “if
it’s company of the right sort,” and peered frankly. He
rose suddenly and came towards Graham.

  Apparently the scrutiny was satisfactory. The old
man sat down as if relieved to be no longer alone. “Eh 1"
he said, “but this is a terrible time! War and fighting,
and the dead lying there—men, strong men, dying in the
dark. Sons! I have three sons. God knows where they
are tonight."

  The voice ceased. Then repeated quavering: “God
knows where they are tonight.”

  Graham stood revolving a question that should not
betray his ignorance. Again the old man’s voice ended
the pause.

  “This Ostrog will win,” he said. “He will win. And
what the world will be like under him no one can tell.
My sons are under the wind-vanes, all three. One of
my daughters-in-law was his mistress for a while. His
mistress! We’re not common people. Though they’ve
82

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

sent me to wander tonight and take my chance. . . .
I knew what was going on. Before most people. But
this darkness! And to fall over a dead body suddenly
i' the dark I”

  His wheezy breathing could be heard.

  “Ostrog!” said Graham.

  “The greatest Boss the world has ever seen,” said the
voice.

  Graham ransacked his mind. “The Council has few
friends among the people,” he hazarded.

  “Few friends. And poor ones at that. They’ve had
their time. Eh! They should have kept to the clever
ones. But twice they held election. And Ostrog—.
And now it has burst out and nothing can stay it, noth-
ing can stay it. Twice they rejected Ostrog—Ostrog
the Boss. 1 heard of his rages at the time—he was ter-
rible. Heaven save them! For nothing on earth can,
now he has raised the Labor Companies upon them.
No one else would have dared. All the blue canvas
armed and marching! He will go through with it. He
will go through."

  He was silent for a little while. “This Sleeper,” he
said, and stopped.

  “Yes,” said Graham. “Well?”

  The senile voice sank to a confidential whisper, the
dim, pale face came close. “The real Sleeper—”

  “Yes,” said Graham.

  “Died years ago.”

  “What?” said Graham, sharply.

  “Years ago. Died. Years ago.”

  “You don’t say so!” said Graham.

  “I do. I do say so. He died. This Sleeper who’s woke
up—they changed in the night. A poor drugged insen-
sible creature. But I musn’t tell all I know. I musn't
tell all I know.”

  For a little while he muttered inaudibly. His secret was
too much for him. “I don’t know the ones that put him
to sleep—that was before my time—but I know the man
who injected the stimulants and woke him again. It was
ten to one—wake or kill. Wake or kill. Ostrog’s way.”
Graham was so astonished at these things that he
had to interrupt, to make the old man repeat his words,
to re-question vaguely, before he was sure of the mean-
ing and folly of what he heard. And his awakening had
not been natural! Was that an old man’s senile supersti-
tion, too, or had it any truth in it? Feeling in the dark
corners of his memory, he presently came on something
that might conceivably be an impression of some such
stimulating effect. It dawned upon him that he had
happened upon a lucky encounter, that at last he might
learn something of the new age. The old man wheezed a
while and spat, and then the piping, reminiscent voice
resumed:

  “The first time they rejected him. I’ve followed it all.”
“Rejected whom?” said Graham. “The Sleeper?”
"Sleeper? No. Ostrog. He was terrible—terrible!
And he was promised then, promised certainly the next
time. Fools they were—not to be more afraid of him.
Now all the city's his millstone, and such as we dust
ground upon it. Dust ground upon it. Until he set to
work—the workers cut each other’s throats, and mur-
dered a Chinaman or a Labor policeman at times, and
left the rest of us in peace. Dead bodies! Robbing!
Darkness 1 Such a thing hasn’t been this gross of years.
Eh!—but ’tis ill on small folks when the great fall out!
It’s ill.”

  “Did you say—there had not been—what?—for a gross
of years?”

  “Eh?” said the old man.

  The old man said something about clipping his words,
and made him repeat this a third time. “Fighting and
slaying, and weapons in hand, and fools bawling freedom
and the like,” said the old man. “Not in all my life has

there been that. These are like the old days—for sure—
when the Paris people broke out—three gross of years
ago. That’s what I mean hasn’t been. But it’s the
world’s way. It had to come back. I know. I know.
This five years Ostrog has been working, and there has
been trouble and trouble, and hunger and threats and
high talk and arms. Blue canvas and murmurs. No
one safe. Everything sliding and slipping. And now
here we are! Revolt and fighting, and the Council come
to its end.”

  “You are rather well-informed in these things,” said
Graham.

  “I know what I hear. It isn’t all Babble Machine with
me.”

  “No,” said Graham, wondering what Babble Machine
might be. “And you are certain this Ostrog—you are
certain Ostrog organized this rebellion and arranged for
the waking of the Sleeper? Just to assert himself—
because he was not elected to the Council?”

  “Everyone knows that, I should think,” said the old
man. “Except—just fools. He meant to be master some-
how. In the Council or not. Everyone who knows any-
thing knows that. And here we are with dead bodies
lying in the dark! Why, where have you been if you
haven't heard all about the trouble between Ostrog and
the Verneys? And what do you think the troubles are
about? The Sleeper. Eh? You think the Sleeper’s real
and woke of his own accord—eh?”

  “I’m a dull man, older than I look, and forgetful,” said
Graham. “Lots of things that have happened—especially
of late years—. If I was the Sleeper, to tell you the
truth, I couldn’t know less about them.”

  “Eh!” said the voice. “Old, are you? You don’t sound
so very old! But it’s not everyone keeps his memory to
my time of life—truly. But these notorious things!
But you’re not so old as me—not nearly so old as me.
Well! I ought not to judge other men by myself, per-
haps. I’m young—for so old a man. Maybe you’re old
for so young.”

  “That’s it,” said Graham. “And I’ve a queer history.
I know very little. And history! Practically I know no
history. The Sleeper and Julius Caesar are all the same
to me. It’s interesting to hear you talk of these things.”

  “I know a few things,” said the old man. “I know
a thing or two. But—. Hark!”

THE two men became silent, listening. There was
a heavy thud, a concussion that made their seat
shiver. The passers-by stopped, shouted to one another.
The old man was full of questions; he shouted to a man
who passed near. Graham, emboldened by his example,
got up and accosted others. None knew what had hap-
pened.

  He returned to the seat and found the old man mutter-
ing vague interrogations in an undertone. For a while
they said nothing to one another.

  The sense of this gigantic struggle, so near and yet
so remote oppressed Graham’s imagination. Was this
old man right, was the report of the people right, and
were the revolutionaries winning? Or were they all in
error, and were the red guards driving all before them?
At any time the flood of warfare might pour into this
silent quarter of the city and seize upon him again. It
behooved him to learn all he could while there was time.
He turned suddenly to the old man with a question and
left it unsaid. But his motion moved the old man to
speech again.

  “Eh! but how things work together!” said the old man.
“This Sleeper that all the fools put their trust in I I’ve
the whole history of it—I was always a good one for
histories. When I was a boy—I’m that old—I used to
read printed books. You’d hardly think it. Likely you’ve
seen none—they rot and dust so—and the Sanitary Com-
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

83

pany burns them to make ashlarite. But they were con-
venient in their dirty way. One learnt a lot. These new-
fangled Babble Machines—they don’t seem new-fangled
to you, eh?—they’re easy to hear, easy to forget. But
I've traced all the Sleeper business from the first."

  "You will scarcely believe it,” said Graham slowly,
"I’m so ignorant—I’ve been so preoccupied in my own
little affairs, my circumstances have been so odd—I know
nothing of this Sleeper’s history. Who was he?”

  “Eh!” said the old man. “I know. I know. He was
a poor nobody, and set on a playful woman, poor soul!
And he fell into a trance. There’s the old things they
had, those brown things—silver photographs—still show-
ing him as he lay, a gross and a half years ago—a gross
and a half of years.”

  “Set on a playful woman, poor soul,” said Graham
softly to himself, and then aloud, “Yes—well! go on.”
“You must know he had a cousin named Warming, a
solitary man without children, who made a big fortune
speculating in roads—the first Eadhamite roads. But
surely you’ve heard? No? Why? He bought all the
patent rights and made a big company. In those days
there were grosses of grosses of separate businesses
and business companies. Grosses of grosses! His roads
killed the railroads—the old things—in two dozen years;
he bought up and Eadhamited the tracks. And because he
didn't want to break up his great property or let in share-
holders, he left it all to the Sleeper, and put it under a
Board of Trustees that he had picked and trained. He
knew then the Sleeper wouldn’t wake, that he would go on
sleeping, sleeping till he died. He knew that quite well!
And plump! a man in the United States, who had lost
two sons in a boat accident, followed that up with an-
other great bequest. His trustees found themselves with
a dozen myriads of lions’-worth or more of property at
the very beginning.”

  "What was his name?”

  "Graham.”

  “No—1 mean—that American’s.”

   “Isbister.”

  “Isbister!” cried Graham. “Why, I don’t even know
the name.”

  “Of course not,” said the old man. “Of course not.
People don’t learn much in the school nowadays. But
I know all about him. He was a rich American who
went from England, and he left the Sleeper even more
than Warming. How he made it? That I don’t know.
Something about pictures by machinery. But he made
it and left it, and so the Council had its start. It was
just a council of trustees at first.”

  "And how did it grow?”

  "Eh!—but you’re not up to things. Money attracts
money—and twelve brains are better than one. They
played it cleverly. They worked politics with money, and
kept on adding to the money by working currency and
tariffs. They grew—they grew. And for years the
twelve trustees hid the growing of the Sleeper’s estate,
under double names and company titles and all that. The
Council spread by title deed, mortgage, share, every
political party, ev^ry newspaper, they bought. If you
listen to the old stories you will see the Council growing
and growing. Billions and billions of lions at last—the
Sleeper’s estate.. And all growing out of a whim—out of
this Warming’s will, and an accident to Isbister’s sons.

  "Men are strange,” said the old man. "The strange
thing to me is how the Council worked together so long.
As many as twelve. But they worked in cliques from the
first. And they’ve slipped back. In my young days speak-
of the Council was like an ignorant man speaking of God.
We didn’t think they could do wrong. We didn’t know
of their women and all that! Or else I’ve got wiser.

  "Men are strange,” said the old man. “Here are you,
young and ignorant, and me—sevendy years old, and I

might reasonably be forgetting—explaining it all to
you short and clear.

  “Sevendy,” he said, “sevendy, and I hear and see—
hear better than I see. And reason clearly, and keep my-
self up to all the happenings of things. Sevendy!

  "Life is strange. I was twaindy before Ostrog was a
baby. I remember him long before he’d pushed his way
to the head of the Wind Vanes Control. I’ve seen many
changes. Eh! I’ve worn the blue. And at last I’ve
come to see this crush and darkness and tumult and dead
men carried by in heaps on the ways. And all his doing!
All his doing!

   His voice died away in scarcely articulate praises of
Ostrog.

   Graham thought. “Let me see,” he said, “if I have it
right.”

  He extended a hand and ticked off points upon his
fingers. “The Sleeper has been asleep—”

   "Changed,” said the old man.

  "Perhaps. And meanwhile the Sleeper’s property grew
in the hands of Twelve Trustees, until it swallowed up
nearly all the great ownership of the world. The Twelve
Trustees—by virtue of this property have become vir-
tually masters of the world. Because they are the pay-
ing power—just as the old English Parliament used to
be—”

  “Eh!” said the old man. "That’s so—that’s a good
comparison. You’re not so—”

  "And now this Ostrog—has suddenly revolutionized
the world by waking the Sleeper—who, no one but the
superstitious, common people had ever dreamt would
wake again—raising the Sleeper to claim his property
from the Council, after all these years.”

  The old man endorsed this statement with a cough.
"It’s strange,” he said, “to meet a man who learns these
things for the first time tonight.”

   “Aye,” said Graham, “it’s strange.”

   “Have you been in a Pleasure City?” said the old man.
“All my life I’ve longed—” He laughed. “Even now,”
he said, “I could enjoy a little fun. Enjoy seeing things,
anyhow.” He mumbled a sentence Graham did not un-
derstand.

ff'TVHE Sleeper—when did he awake?” said Graham
  JL suddenly.

  “Three days ago.”

  “Where is he?”

  “Ostrog has him. He escaped from the Council not
four hours ago. My dear sir, where were you at the
time? He was in the hall of the markets—where the
fighting has been. All the city was screaming about it.
All the Babble Machines. Everywhere it was shouted.
Even the fools who speak for the Council were admitting
it. Everyone was rushing off to see him—everyone was
getting arms. Were you drunk or asleep? And even
then! But you’re joking! Surely you’re pretending.
It was to stop the shouting of the Babble Machines and
prevent the people gathering that they turned off the
electricity—and put this damned darkness upon us. Do
you mean to say—?”

  “I had heard the Sleeper was rescued,” said Graham.
"But—to come back a minute. Are you sure Ostro? has
him?”

   "He won’t let him go,” said the old man.

  “And the Sleeper. Are you sure he is not genuine?

I have never heard—”

  “So all the fools think. So they think. As if there
wasn’t a thousand things that were never heard. I know
Ostrog too well for that. Did I tell you? In a way I’m
a sort of relation of Ostrog’s. A sort of relation. Through
my daughter-in-law."

  “I suppose—”

  “Well?”
84

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  “I suppose there's no chance of this Sleeper asserting
himself. I suppose he’s certain to be a puppet—in
Ostrog’s hands or the Council’s, as soon as the struggle
is over."

  “In Ostrog’s hands—certainly. Why shouldn’t he be a
puppet? Look at his position. Everything done for him,
every pleasure possible. Why should he want to assert
himself?”

  “What are these Pleasure Cities?” said Graham,
abruptly.

  The old man made him repeat the question. When at
last he was assured of Graham’s words, he nudged him
violently. “That's too much,” said he. “You’re poking
fun at an old man. I’ve been suspecting you know more
than you pretend.”

  “Perhaps I do,” said Graham. “But no! why should
I go on acting? No, I do not know what a Pleasure City
is.”

  The old man laughed in an intimate way.

  “What is more, I do not know how to read your letters,
I do not know what money you use, I do not know what
foreign countries there are. I do not know where I am.
I cannot count. I do not know where to get food, nor
drink, nor shelter.”

  “Come, come," said the old man, “if you had a glass
of drink, now, would you put it in your ear or your eye?”
“I want you to tell me all these things.”

  “He, he! Well, gentlemen who dress in silk must have
their fun.” A withered hand caressed Graham’s arm for
a moment. “Silk. Well, well! But, all the same, I wish
I was the man who was put up as the Sleeper. He’ll have
a fine time of it. All the pomp and pleasure. He’s a
queer looking face. When they used to let anyone go to
see him, I’ve got tickets and been. The image of the
real one, as the photographs show him, this substitute
used to be. Yellow. But he’ll get fed up. It’s a queer
world. Think of the luck of it. The luck of it. I expect
he’ll be sent to Capri. It’s the best fun for a greener.”
His cough overtook him again. Then he began mumb-
ling enviously of pleasures and strange delights. “The
luck of it, the luck of it! All my life I’ve been in London,
hoping to get my chance.”

  “But you don’t know that the Sleeper died,” said Gra-
ham, suddenly.

  The old man made him repeat his words.

  “Men don’t live beyond ten dozen. It’s not in the
order of things,” said the old man. “I’m not a fool.
Fools may believe it, but not me.”

  Graham became angry with the old man’s assurance.
“Whether you are a fool or not,” he said, “it happens
you are wrong about the Sleeper.”

  -Eh?”

  “You are wrong about the Sleeper. I haven’t told you
before, but I will tell you now. You are wrong about
the Sleeper.”

  “How do you know? I thought you didn’t know any-
thing—not even about Pleasure Cities.”

  Graham paused.

  “You don’t know,” said the old man. “How are you to
know? It’s very few men—”

  “I am the Sleeper.”

  He had to repeat it.

  There was a brief pause. “There’s a silly thing to say,
sir, if you’ll excuse me. It might get you into trouble
in a time like this,” said the old man.

  Graham, slightly dashed, repeated his assertion.

  “I was saying I was the Sleeper. That years and years
ago I did, indeed, fall asleep, in a little stone-built vil-
lage, in the days when there were hedgerows, and vil-
lages, and inns, and all the countryside cut up into little
pieces, little fields. Have you never heard of those days?
And it is I—I who speak to you—who awakened again
these four days since.”

  “Four days since!—the Sleeper! But they’ve got the

Sleeper. They have him and they won’t let him go,
Nonsense! You’ve been talking sensibly enough up to
now. I can see it as though I was there. There will be
Lincoln like a keeper just behind him; they won't let
him go about alone. Trust them. You’re a queer fellow.
One of these fun pokers. I see now why you have been
clipping your words so oddly, buc—”

  He stopped abruptly, and Graham could see his gesture.

  “As if Ostrog would let the Sleeper run about alone!
No, you’re telling that to the wrong man altogether.
Eh! as if I should believe. What’s your game? And
besides, we’ve been talking of the Sleeper.”

  Graham stood up. “Listen,” he said. “I am the
Sleeper.”

  “You’re an odd man,” said the old man, “to sit here
in the dark, talking clipped, and telling a lie of that sort.
But—”

  Graham’s exasperation fell to laughter. “It is pre-
posterous,” he cried. “Preposterous. The dream must
end. It gets wilder and wilder. Here am I—in this
damned twilight—I never knew a dream in twilight be-
fore—an anachronism by two hundred years and trying
to persuade an old fool that I am myself, and meanwhile

—	Uhg!”

  He moved in gusty irritation and went striding. In a
moment the old man was pursuing him. “Eh! but don’t
go!” cried the old man. “I’m an old fool, I know. Don’t
go. Don't leave me in all this darkness.”

  Graham hesitated, stopped. Suddenly the folly of tell-
ing his secret flashed into his mind.

  “I didn’t mean to offend you—disbelieving you,” said
the old man coming near. “It’s no manner of harm.
Call yourself the Sleeper if it pleases you. ’Tis a foolish
trick—”

  Graham hesitated, turned abruptly and went on his
way.

  For a time he heard the old man’s hobbling pursuit
and his wheezy cries receding. But at last the darkness
swallowed him and Graham saw him no more.

CHAPTER XII
Ostrog

GRAHAM could now take a clearer view of his posi-
tion. For a long time yet he wandered, but after
the talk of the old man his discovery of this Ostrog
was clear in his mind as the final inevitable decision.
One thing was evident, those, who were at the head-
quarters of the revolt had succeeded very admirably in
suppressing the fact of his disappearance. But every
moment he expected to hear the report of his death or of
his recapture by the Council.

  Presently a man stopped before him. “Have you
heard?” he said.

  “No I” said Graham starting.

  “Near a dozand,” said the man, “a dozand men!” and
hurried on.

  A number of men and a girl passed in the darkness,
gesticulating and shouting: “Capitulated! Given up!”
“A dozand of men.” “Two dozand of men." “Ostrog,
Hurrah! Ostrog, Hurrah!” These cries receded, became
indistinct.

  Other shouting men followed. For a time his atten-
tion was absorbed in the fragments of speech he heard.
He had a doubt whether all were speaking English.
Scraps floated to him, scraps like Pigeon English, like
‘nigger’ dialect, blurred and mangled distortions. He
dared accost no one with questions. The impression the
people gave him jarred altogether with his preconceptions
of the struggle and confirmed the old man’s faith in
Ostrog. It was only slowly he could bring himself to
believe that all these people were rejoicing at the defeat
of the Council, that the Council which had pursued him
with such power and vigor was after all the weaker cf
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

85

the two sides in conflict. And if that was so, how did
it affect him? Several times he hesitated on the verge
of fundamental questions. Once he turned and walked
for a long way after a little man of rotund inviting out-
line, but he was unable to master confidence to address
him.

  It was only slowly that it came to him that he might
«sk for the “wind-vane offices,” whatever the “wind-vane
offices” might be. His first inquiry simply resulted in

o	direction to go on towards Westminster. His second
led to the discovery of a short cut in which he was
speedily lost. He was told to leave the ways to which
lie had hitherto confined himself—no other means of
transit—and to plunge down one of the middle stair-
cases into the blackness of a crossway. Thereupon came
some trivial adventures; chief of these an ambiguous
encounter with a gruff-voiced invisible creature speaking
in a strange dialect that seemed at first a strange tongue,
a thick flow of speech with the drifting corpses of Eng-
lish words therein, the dialect of the latter-day vile.
Then another voice drew near, a girl’s voice singing,
“tralala tralala.” She spoke to Graham, her English
touched with something of the same quality. She pro-
fessed to have lost her sister, she blundered needlessly
into him he thought, caught hold of him and laughed.
But a word of vague remonstrance sent her into the
unseen again.

  The sounds about him increased. Stumbling people
passed him, speaking excitedly. “They have surren-
dered!” “The Council! Surely not the Council!” “They
are saying so in the Ways.” The passage seemed wider.
Suddenly the wall fell away. He was in a great space
and people were stirring remotely. He inquired his
way of an indistinct figure. “Strike straight across,”
said a woman’s voice. He left his guiding wall, and in
a moment had stumbled against a little table on which
were utensils of glass. Graham’s eyes, now attuned
to darkness, made out a long vista with pallid tables
on either side. He went down this. At one or two of
the tables he heard a clang of glass and a sound of eat-
ing. There were people then cool enough to dine, or
daring enough to steal a meal in spite of social con-
vulsion and darkness. Far off and high up he presently
saw a pallid light of a semi-circular shape. As he ap-
proached this, a black edge came up and hid it. He
stumbled at steps and found himself in a gallery. He
heard a sobbing, and found two scared little girls
crouched by a railing. These children became silent at
the near sound of feet. He tried to console them, but
they were very still until he left them. Then as he
receded he could hear them sobbing again.

  Presently he found himself at the foot of a staircase
and near a wide opening. He saw a dim twilight above
this and ascended out of the blackness into a street of
moving Ways again. Along this a disorderly swarm of
people marched shouting. They were singing snatches
of the song of the revolt, most of them out of tune.
Here and there torches flared creating brief hysterical
shadows. He asked his way and was twice puzzled by
that same thick dialect. His third attempt won an
answer he could understand. He was two miles from
the wind-vane offices in Westminster, but the way was
easy to follow.

  When at last he did approach the district of the wind-
vane offices it seemed to him, from the cheering pro-
cessions that came marching along the Ways, from the
tumult of rejoicing, and finally from the restoration
of the lighting of the city, that the overthrow of the
Council must already be accomplished. And still no
news of his absence came to his ears.

  The re-illumination of the city came with startling
abruptness. Suddenly he stood blinking, all about him
men halted dazzled, and the world was incandescent.
The light found him already upon the outskirts of the

excited crowds that choked the Ways near the wind-
vane offices, and the sense of visibility and exposure
that came with it turned his colorless intention of join-
ing Ostrog to a keen anxiety.

  For a time he was jostled, obstructed, and endan-
gered by men hoarse and weary with cheering his name,
some of them bandaged and bloody in his cause. The
frontage of the wind-vane offices was illuminated by
some moving picture, but what it was he could not see,
because in spite of his strenuous attempts the density
of the crowd prevented his approaching it. From the
fragments of speech he caught, he judged it conveyed
news of the fighting about the Council House. Ignor-
ance and indecision made him slow and ineffective in
his movements. For a time he could not conceive how
he was to get within the unbroken facade of this place.
He made his way slowly into the midst of this mass of
people, until he realized that the descending staircase
of the central Way led to the interior of the building.
This gave him a goal, but the crowding in the central
path was so dense that it was long before he could reach
it. And even then he encountered intricate obstruction,
and had an hour of vivid argument first in this guard
room and then in that before he could get a note taken
to the one man of all men who was most eager to see
him. His story was laughed to scorn at one place, and
wiser for that, when at last he reached a second stair-
way he professed simply to have news of extraordinary
importance for Ostrog. What it was he would not say.
They sent his note reluctantly. For a long time he
waited in a little room at the foot of the lift shaft, and
thither at last came Lincoln, eager, apologetic, aston-
ished. He stopped in the doorway scrutinizing Graham,
then rushed forward effusively.

  “Yes,” he cried. “It is you. And you are not dead!”

  Graham made a brief explanation.

“IV/TY brother is waiting,” explained Lincoln. “He

  IV! is alone in the wind-vane offices. We feared you
had been killed in the theatre. He doubted—and things
are very urgent still in spite of what we are telling
them there—or he would have come to you.”

  They ascended a lift, passed along a narrow passage,
crossed a great hall, empty save for two hurrying mes-
sengers, and entered a comparatively little room, whose
only furniture was a long settee and a large oval disc
of cloudy, shifting grey, hung by cables from the wall.
There Lincoln left Graham for a space, and he remained
alone without understanding the shifting smoky shapes
that drove slowly across this disc.

  His attention was arrested by a sound that began
abruptly. It was cheering, the frantic cheering of a
vast but very remote crowd, a roaring exultation. This
ended as sharply as it had begun, like a sound heard
between the opening and shutting of a door. In the
outer room was a noise of hurrying steps and a melodious
clinking as if a loose chain was running over the teeth
of a wheel.

  Then he heard the voice of a woman, the rustle of
unseen garments. "It is Ostrog!” he heard her say. A
little bell rang fitfully, and then everything was still
again.

  Presently came voices, footsteps and movement with-
out. The footsteps of some one person detached itself
from the other sounds and drew near, firm, evenly
measured steps. The curtain lifted slowly. A tall,
white-haired man, clad in garments of cream-colored
silk, appeared, regarding Graham from under his raised
arm.

  For a moment the white form remained holding thg
curtain, then dropped it and stood before it. Graham’s
first impression was of a very broad forehead, very
pale blue eyes deep sunken under white brows, an
aquiline nose, and a heavily-lined resolute mouth. The
86

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

folds of flesh over the eyes, the drooping of the corners
of the mouth contradicted the upright bearing, and said
the man was old. Graham rose to his feet instinctively,
and for a moment the two men stood in silence, regard-
ing each other.

  “You are Ostrog?” said Graham.

  “I am Ostrog.”

  “The Boss?”

  “So I am called.”

  Graham felt the inconvenience of the silence. “I
have to thank you chiefly, I understand, for my safety,”
he said presently.

“We were afraid you were killed,” said Ostrog. “Or
sent to sleep again—for ever. We have been doing every-
thing to keep our secret—the secret of your disappear-
ance. Where have you been? How did you get here?”
Graham told him briefly.

  Ostrog listened in silence.

  He smiled faintly. “Do you know what I was doing
when they came to tell me you had come?”

  “How can I guess?”

  “Preparing your double.”

  “My double?”

  “A man as like you as we could find. We were going
to hypnotize him, to save him the difficulty of acting.
It was imperative. The whole of this revolt depends
on the idea that you are awake, alive, and with us. Even
now a great multitude of people has gathered in the
theatre clamoring to see you. They do not trust . . .
You know, of course—something of your position?”
“Very little,” said Graham.

  “It is like this." Ostrog walked a pace or two into
the room and turned. “You are absolute owner,” he
said, “of more than half the world. As a result of that
you are practically King. Your powers are limited in
many intricate ways, but you are the figure-head, the
popular symbol of government. This White Council, the
Council of Trustees as it is called—”

  “I have heard the vague outline of these things.”

  “I wondered.”

  “I came upon a garrulous old man.”

  “I see . . . Our masses—the word comes from
your days—you know of course, that we still have
masses—regard you as our actual ruler. Just as a great
number of people in your days regarded the Crown as
the ruler. They are discontented—the masses all over
the earth—with the rule of your Trustees. For the
most part it is the old discontent, the old quarrel of the
common man with his commonness—the misery of work
and discipline and unfitness. But your Trustees have
ruled ill. In certain matters, in the administration of
the Labor Companies, for example, they have been un-
wise. They have given endless opportunities. Already
we of the popular party were agitating for reforms—
when your waking came. Came! If it had been con-
trived it could not have come more opportunely.” He
smiled. “The public mind, making no allowance for
your years of quiescence, had already hit on the thought
of waking you and appealing to you, and—Flash!”

  He indicated the outbreak by a gesture, and Graham
moved his head to show that he understood.

  “The Council muddled—quarrelled. They always do.
They could not decide what to do with you. You know
how they imprisoned you?”

  “I see. I see. And now—we win?”

  “We win. Indeed we win. Tonight, in five swift
hours. Suddenly we struck everywhere. The wind-
vane people, the Labor Company and its millions, burst
the bonds. We got the pull of the aeropiles.”

  He paused. “Yes,” said Graham, guessing that aero-
pile meant flying machine.

  "That was, of course, essential. Or they could have
got away. All the city rose, every third man almost
was in it! All the blue, all the public services, save only

just a few aeronauts and about half the red police. You
were rescued, and their own police of the Ways—not
half of them could be massed at the Council House—*
have been broken up, disarmed or killed. All London
is ours—now. Only the Council House remains.

  “Half of those who remain to them of the red police
wero lost in that foolish attempt “to recapture you. They
lost their heads when they lost you. They flung all they
had at the theatre. We cut them off from the Council
House there. Truly tonight has been a night of vic-
tory. Everywhere your star has blazed. A day ago—
the White Council ruled as it has ruled for a gross of
years, for a century and a half of years, and then, with
only a little whispering, a covert arming here and there,
suddenly—So I”

  “I am very ignorant,” said Graham. “I suppose—. I
do not clearly understand the conditions of this fight-
ing. If you could explain. Where is the Council?
Where is the fight?”

  Ostrog stepped across the room, something clicked,
and suddenly, save for an oval glow, they were in dark-
ness. For a moment Graham was puzzled.

  Then he saw that the cloudy grey disc had taken
depth and color, had assumed the appearance of an oval
window looking out upon a strange unfamiliar scene.

  At the first glance he was unable to guess what this
scene might be. It was a daylight scene, the daylight
of a wintry day, grey and clear. Across the picture and
halfway as it seemed between him and remoter view, a
stout cable of twisted white wire stretched vertically.
Then he perceived that the rows of great wind-wheels
he saw, the wide intervals, the occasional gulfs of dark-
ness, were akin to those through which he had fled
from the Council House. He distinguished an orderly
file of red figures marching across an open space be-
tween files of men in black and realized before Ostrog
spoke that he was looking down on the upper surface of
latter-day London. The overnight snows had gone. He
judged that this mirror was some modern replacement
of the camera obscura, but that matter was not ex-
plained to him. He saw that though the file of red
figures was trotting from left to right, yet they were
passing out of the picture to the left. He wondered
momentarily, and then saw that the picture was pass-
ing slowly, panorama fashion, across the oval.

  “In a moment you will see the fighting,” said Ostrog
at his elbow. "Those fellows in red you notice are pris-
oners. This is the roof space of London—all the houses
are practically continuous now. The streets and public
squares are covered in. The gaps and chasms of youf
time have disappeared.”

SOMETHING out of focus obliterated half the picture.
Its form suggested a man. There was a gleam of
metal, a flash, something that swept across the oval, as
the eyelid of a bird sweeps across its eye, and the pic-
ture was clear again. And now Graham beheld men
running down among the wind-wheels, pointing weapons
from which jetted out little smoky flashes. They
swarmed thicker and thicker to the right, gesticulating
—it might be they were shouting, but of that the pic-
ture told nothing. They and the wind-wheels passed
slowly and steadily across the field of the mirror.

  “Now,” said Ostrog, “comes the Council House,” and
slowly a black edge crept into view and gathered Gra-
ham’s attention. Soon it was no longer an edge hut a
cavity, a huge blackened space amidst the clustering
edifices, and from it thin spires of smoke rose into the
pallid winter sky. Gaunt ruinous masses of the build-
ing, mighty truncated piers and girders, rose dismally
out of this cavernous darkness. And over these vestige3
of some splendid place, countless minute men were
clambering, leaping, swarming.

  “This is the Council House,” said Ostrog. “Their
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

87

last stronghold. And the fools wasted enough ammu-
nition to hold out for a month in blowing up the build-
ings all about them—to stop our attack. You heard the
smash? It shattered half the brittle glass in the city."

  And while he spoke, Graham saw that beyond this
area of ruins, overhanging it and rising to a great
height, was a ragged mass of white building. This mass
had been isolated by the ruthless destruction of its sur-
roundings. Black gaps marked the passages the disaster
had torn apart; big halls had been slashed open and the
decoration of their interiors showed dismally in the
wintry dawn, and down the jagged walls hung festoons
of divided cables and twisted ends of lines and metallic
rods. And amidst .ill the vast details moved little red
specks, the red-clothed defenders of the Council. Every
now and then faint flashes illuminated the bleak shadows.
At the first sight it seemed to Graham that an attack
upon this isolated white building was in progress, but
then he perceived that the party of the revolt was not
advancing, but sheltered amidst the colossal wreckage
that encircled this last ragged stronghold of the red-
garbed men, was keeping up a fitful firing.

  And not ten hours ago he had stood beneath the venti-
lating fans in a little chamber within that remote build-
ing wondering what was happening in the world!

  Looking more attentively as this warlike episode
moved silently across the centre of the mirror, Graham
saw that the white building was surrounded on every
side by ruins, and Ostrog proceeded to describe in con-
cise phrases how its defenders had sought by such de-
struction to isolate themselves from a storm. He spoke
of the loss of men that huge downfall had entailed in
an indifferent tone. He indicated an improvised mor-
tuary among the wreckage, showed ambulances swarm-
ing like cheese-mites along a ruinous groove that had
once been a street of moving ways. He was more inter-
ested in pointing out the parts of the Council House,
the distribution of the besiegers. In a little while the
civil contest that had convulsed London was no longer
a mystery to Graham. It was no-tumultuous revolt had
occurred that night, no equal warfare, but a splendidly
organized coup d'Stat. Ostrog’s grasp of details was
astonishing; he seemed to know the business of even
the smallest knot of black and red specks that crawled
amidst these places.

  He stretched a huge black arm across the luminous
picture, and showed the room whence Graham had
escaped, and across the chasm of ruins the course of
his flight. Graham recognized the gulf across which
the gutter ran, and the wind-wheels where he had
crouched from the flying machine. The rest of his path
had succumbed to the explosion. He looked again at the
Council House, and it was already half hidden, and on
the right a hillside with a cluster of domes and pin-
nacles, hazy, dim and distant, was gliding into view.
"And the Council is really overthrown?” he said.
“Overthrown,” said Ostrog.

  “And I—. Is it indeed true that I—?”

  “You are Master of the World.”

  “But that white flag—”

  “That is the flag of the Council—the flag of the Rule
of the World. It will fall. The fight is over. Their at-
tack on the theatre was their last frantic struggle.
They have only a thousand men or so, and some of these
men will be disloyal. They have little ammunition. And
we are reviving the ancient arts. We are casting guns.”
"But—help. Is this city the world?”

  "Practically this is all they have left to them of their
empire. Abroad the cities have either revolted with us
or wait the issue. Your awakening has perplexed them,
paralyzed them.”

  “But haven’t the Council flying machines? Why is
there no fighting with them?”

  "They had. But the greater part of the aeronauts
were in the revolt with us. They wouldn’t take the
risk of fighting on our side, but they would not stir
against us. We had to get a pull with the aeronauts.
Quite half were with us, and the others knew it. Directly
they knew you had got away, those looking for you
dropped. We killed the man who shot at you—an hour
ago. And we occupied the flying stages at the outset
in every city we could, and so stopped and captured the
aeroplanes, and as for the little flying machines that
turned out—for some did—we kept up too straight and
steady a fire for them to get near the Council House.
If they dropped they couldn’t rise again, because there’s
no clear space about there for them to get up. Several
we have smashed, several others have dropped and sur-
rendered, the rest have gone off to the Continent to lind
a friendly city if they can before their fuel runs out.
Most of these men were only too glad to be taken pris-
oner and kept out of harm’s way. Upsetting in a flying
machine isn’t a very attractive prospect. There’s no
chance for the Council that way. Its days are done.”

  He laughed and turned to the oval reflection again
to show Graham what he meant by flying stages. Even
the four nearer ones were remote and obscured by a
thin morning haze. But Graham could perceive they
were very vast structures, judged even by the standard
of the things about them.

  And then as these dim shapes passed to the left there
came again the sight of the expanse across which the
disarmed men in red had been marching. And then
the black ruins, and then again the beleaguered white
fastness of the Council. It appeared no longer a ghostly
pile, but glowing amber in the sunlight, for a cloud
shadow had passed. About it the pigmy struggle still
hung in suspense, but now the red defenders were no
longer firing.

SO, in a dusky stillness, the man from the nineteenth
century saw the closing scene of the great revolt,
the forcible establishment of his rule. With a quality
of startling discovery it came to him that this was his
world, and not that other he had left behind; that this
was no spectacle to culminate and ceasc; that in this
world lay whatever life was still before him; lay all his
duties and dangers and responsibilities. He turned
with fresh questions. Ostrog began to answer them,
and then broke off abruptly. “But these things I must
explain more fully later. At present there are—duties.
The people are coming by the moving ways towards this
ward from every part of the city—the markets and
theatres are densely crowded. You are just in time for
them. They are clamoring to see you. And abroad they
want to see you. Paris, New York, Chicago, Denver,
Capri—thousands of cities are up and in a tumult, un-
decided, and clamoring to see you. They have clamored
that you should be awakened for years, and now it is
done they will scarcely believe—”

  “But surely—I can’t go . .

  Ostrog answered from the other side of the room,
and the picture on the oval disc paled and vanished
as the light jerked back again. “There are kinetotele-
photographs,” he said. “As you bow to the people here
—all over the world myriads of myriads of people,
packed and still in darkened halls, will see you also. In
black and white, of course—not like this. And you will
hear their shouts reinforcing the shouting in the hall.

  “And there is an optical contrivance we shall use,”
said Ostrog, “used by some of the posturers and women
dancers. It may be novel to you. You stand in a very
bright light, and they see not you but a magnified image
of you thrown on a screen—so that even the furtherest
man in the remotest gallery can, if he chooses, count your
eyelashes.”
88

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  Graham clutched desperately at one of the questions
in his mind. “What is the population of London?” he
said.

  “Eight and twaindy myriads.”

  “Eight and what?"

  “More than thirty-three millions.”

  These figures went beyond Graham’s imagination.

  “You will be expected to say something,” said Ostrog.
“Not what you used to call a Speech, but what our
people call a Word—just one sentence, six or seven
words. Something formal. If I might suggest—‘I have
awakened and my heart is with you.’ That is the sort
of thing they want.”

  “What was that?” asked Graham.

  “ ‘I am awakened and my heart is with you.’ And
bow—bow royally. But first we must get you black
robes—for black is your color. Do you mind? And
then they will disperse to their homes.”

  Graham hesitated. “I am in your hands,” he said.

  Ostrog was clearly of that opinion. He thought for
a moment, turned to the curtain and called brief direc-
tions to some unseen attendants. Almost immediately
a black robe, the very fellow of the black robe Graham
had worn in the theatre, was brought. And as he threw
it about his shoulders there came from the room without
the shrilling of a high-pitched bell. Ostrog turned in
interrogation to the attendant, then suddenly seemed
to change his mind, pulled the curtain aside and dis-
appeared.

  For a moment Graham stood with the deferential at-
tendant listening to Ostrog's retreating steps. There
was a sound of quick question and answer and of men
running. The curtain was snatched back and Ostrog
reappeared, his massive face glowing with excitement.
He crossed the room in a stride, clicked the room into
darkness, gripped Graham’s arm and pointed to the
mirror.

  “Even as we turned away,” he said.

  Graham saw his index finger, black and colossal, above
the mirrored Council House. For a moment he did not
understand. And then he perceived that the flagstaff
that had carried the white banner was bare.

  “Do you mean—?” he began.

  “The Council has surrendered. Its rule is at an end
for everyone.”

  “Look!” and Ostrog pointed to a coil of black that
crept in little jerks up the vacant flagstaff, unfolding-as
it rose.

  The oval picture paled as Lincoln pulled the curtain
aside and entered.

  “They are clamorous,” he said.

  Ostrog kept his grip of Graham’s arm.

  “We have raised the people,” he said. “We have given
them arms. For today at least their wishes must be
law."

  Lincoln held the Curtain open for Graham and Ostrog
to pass through. . . .

  On his way to the markets Graham had a transitory
glance of a long, narrow white-walled room in which
men in the universal blue canvas were carrying cov-
ered things like biers, and about which men in medical
purple hurried to and fro. From this room came groans
and wailing. He had an impression of an empty blood-
stained couch, of men on other couches, bandaged and
blood-stained. It was just a glimpse from a railed foot-
way and then a buttress hid the place and they were
going on towards the markets. . . .

  The roar of the multitude was near now: it leapt to
thunder. And, arresting his attention, a fluttering of
black banners, the waving of blue canvas and brown
rags, and the swarming vastness of the theatre near
the public markets came into view down a long passage.
The picture opened out. He perceived they were enter-

ing the great theatre of his first appearance, the great
theatre he had last seen as a chequer-work of glare and
blackness in his flight from the red police. This time he
entered it along a gallery at a level high above the stage.
The place was now brilliantly lit again. He sought the
gangway up which he had fled, but he could not tell it
from among its dozens of fellows; nor could he see any-,
thing of the smashed seats, deflated- cushions, and such
like traces of the fight because of the density of the
people. Except the stage the whole place was closely
packed. Looking down the effect was a vast area of
stippled pink, each dot a still upturned face regarding
him. At his appearance with Ostrog the cheering died
away, the singing died away, a common interest stilled
and unified the disorder. It seemed as though every in-
dividual of those myriads was watching him.

CHAPTER XIII

The End of the Old Order

SO far as Graham was able to judge, it was near mid-
day when the white banner of the Council fell. But
some hours had to elapse before it was possible to
effect the formal capitulation, and so after he had
spoken his “Word” he retired to his new apartments
in the wind-vane offices. The continuous excitement of
the last twelve hours had left him inordinately fatigued,
even his curiosity was exhausted; for a space he sat
inert and passive with open eyes, and for a space he
slept. He was roused by two medical attendants, come
prepared with stimulants to sustain him through the
next occasion. After he had taken their drugs and
bathed by their advice in cold water, he felt a rapid re-
turn of interest and energy, and was presently able and
willing to accompany Ostrog through several miles (as
it seemed) of passages, lifts, and slides to the closing
scene of the White Council’s rule.

  The way ran deviously through a maze of buildings.
They came at last to a passage that curved about, and
showed broadening before him an oblong opening, clouds
hot with sunset, and the ragged skyline of the ruinous
Council House. A tumult of shouts came drifting up
to him. In another moment they had come out high
up on the brow of the cliff of torn buildings that over-
hung the wreckage. The vast area opened to Graham’s
eyes, none the less strange and wonderful for the remote
view he had had of it in the oval mirror.

  This rudely amphitheatral space seemed now the bet-
ter part of a mile to its outer edge. It was gold lit ob
the left hand, catching the sunlight, and below and tc
the right clear and cold in the shadow. Above the
shadowy grey Council House that stood in the midst of
it, the great black banner of the surrender still hung
in sluggish folds against the blazing sunset. Severed
rooms, halls and passages gaped strangely, broken masses
of metal projected dismally from the complex wreckage,
vast masses of twisted cable dropped like tangled sea-
weed, and from its base came a tumult of innumerable
voices, violent concussions, and the sound of trumpets.
All about this great white pile was a ring of desolation;
the smashed and blackened masses, the gaunt founda-
tions and ruinous lumber of the fabric that had been
destroyed by the Council’s orders, skeletons of girders,
Titanic masses of wall, forests of stout pillars. Amongst
the sombre wreckage beneath, running water flashed and
glistened, and far away across the space, out of the midst
of a vague vast mass of buildings, there thrust the
twisted end of a water-main, two hundred feet in the
air, thunderously spouting a shining cascade. And
everywhere great multitudes of people.

  Wherever there was space and foothold, people
swarmed, little people, small and minutely clear, except
where the sunset touched them to indistinguishable gold.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

Vast masses of twisted cable dropped liko tangled soa-wced.

They clambered up the tottering walla, they clung in
wreaths and groups about the high-standing pillars.
They swarmed along the edges of the circle of ruins.
The air was full of their shouting, and they were press-
ing and swaying towards the central space.

  The upper stories of the Council House seemed de-
serted, not a human being was visible. Only the droop-
ing banner of the surrender hung heavily against the
light. The dead were within the Council House, or
hidden by the swarming people, or carried away. Gra-
ham could see only a few neglected bodies in gaps and
corners of the ruins, and amidst the flowing water.

  “Will you let them see you, Sire?” said Ostrog. “They
are very anxious to see you.”

  Graham hesitated, and then walked forward to where
the broken verge of wall dropped sheer. He stood look-
ing down, a lonely, tall, black figure against the sky.

  Very slowly the swarming ruins became aware of him.
And as they did so little bands of black-uniformed men
appeared remotely, thrusting through the crowds to-

wards the Council House. He saw little black heads
become pink, looking at him, saw by that means a wave
of recognition sweep across the space. It occurred to
him that he should accord them some recognition. He
held up his arm, then pointed to the Council House and
dropped his hand. The voices below became unanimous,
gathered volume, came up to him as multitudinous wave-
lets of cheering.

  The western sky was a pallid bluish green, and Jupiter
shone high in the south, before the capitulation was ac-
complished. Above was a slow insensible change, the
advance of night serene and beautiful; below was hurry,
excitement, conflicting orders, pauses, spasmodic de-
velopments of organization, a vast ascending clamor and
confusion. Before the Council came out, toiling per-
spiring men, directed by a conflict of shouts, carried
forth hundreds of those who had perished in the hand-
to-hand conflict within those long passages and
chambers. . . .

  Guards in black lined the way that the Council would
90

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

come, and as far as the eye could reach into the hazy
blue twilight of the ruins, and swarming now at every
possible point in the captured Council House and along
the shattered cliff of its circumadjacent buildings, were
innumerable people, and their voices even when they
were not cheering, were as the soughing of the sea upon
a pebble beach. Ostrog had chosen a huge commanding
pile of crushed and overthrown masonry, and on this
a stage of timbers and metal girders was being hastily
constructed. Its essential parts were complete, but hum-
ming and clangorous machinery still glared fitfully in the
shadows beneath this temporary edifice.

  The stage had a small higher portion on which Gra-
ham stood with Ostrog and Lincoln close beside him,
a little in advance of a group of minor officers. A broader
lower stage surrounded this quarter deck, and on this
were the black-uniformed guards of the revolt armed
with the little green weapons whose very names Graham
still did not know. Those standing about him perceived
that his eyes wandered perpetually from the swarming
people in the twilight ruins about him to the darkling
mass of the White Council House, whence the Trustees
would presently come, and to the gaunt cliffs of ruin
that encircled him, and so back to the people. The voices
of the crowd swelled to a deafening tumult.

   He saw the Councillors first afar off in the glare of one
of the temporary lights that marked their path, a little
group of white figures blinking in a black archway. In
the Council House they had been in darkness. He
watched them approaching, drawing nearer past first
this blazing electric star and then that; the minatory
roar of the crowd over whom their power had lasted for
a hundred and fifty years marched along beside them.
As they drew still nearer their faces came out weary,
white and anxious. He saw them blinking up through
the glare about him and Ostrog. He contrasted their
strange cold looks in the Hall of Atlas. . . . Pres-
ently he could recognize several of them; the man who
had rapped the table at Howard, a burly man with a red
beard, and one delicate-featured, short, dark man with
a peculiarly long skull. He noted that two were whis-
pering together and looking behind him at Ostrog. Next
there came a tall, dark and handsome man, walking down-
cast. Abruptly he glanced up, his eyes touched Graham
for a moment, and passed beyond him to Ostrog. The
way that had been made for them was so contrived that
they had to march past and curve about before they came
to the sloping path of planks that ascended to the stage
where their surrender was to be made.

  “The Master, the Master! God and the Master,”
shouted the people. "To hell with the Council!” Gra-
ham looked at their multitudes, receding beyond count-
ing into a shouting haze, and then at Ostrog beside him,
white and steadfast and still. His eye went again to
the little group of White Councillors. And then he
looked up at the familiar quiet stars overhead. The
marvelous element in his fate was suddenly vivid. Could
that be his indeed, that little life in his memory two
hundred years gone by—and this as well?

CHAPTER XIV
From the Crow's Nest

AND so after strange delays and through an avenue
of doubt and battle, this man from the nineteenth
century came at last to his position at the head
of that complex world.

  At first when he rose from the long deep sleep that
followed his rescue and the surrender of the Council,
he did not recognize his surroundings. By an effort he
gained a clue in his mind, and all that had happened
came back to him, at first with a quality of insincerity

like a story heard, like something read out of a book.
And even before his memories were clear, the exulta-
tion of his escape, the wonder of his prominence were
back in his mind. He was owner of half the world;
Master of the Earth. This new great age was in the
completest sense his. He no longer hoped to discover
his experiences a dream; he became anxious now to con-
vince himself that they were real.

  An obsequious vale assisted him to dress under the
direction of a dignified chief attendant, a little man
whose face proclaimed him Japanese, albeit he spoke
English like an Englishman. From the latter he learnt
something of the state of affairs. Already the revolu-
tion was an accepted fact; already business was being
resumed throughout the city. Abroad the downfall of
the Council had been received for the most part with de-
light. Nowhere was the Council popular, and the thou-
sand cities of Western America, after two hundred years
still jealous of New York, London, and the East, had
risen almost unanimously two days before at the news
of Graham's imprisonment. Paris was fighting within
itself. The rest of the world hung in suspense.

  While he was breaking his fast, the sound of a tele-
phone bell jetted from a corner, and his chief attendant
called his attention to the voice of Ostrog making polite
inquiries. Graham interrupted his refreshment to reply.
Very shortly Lincoln arrived, and Graham at once ex-
pressed a strong desire to talk to people and to be shown
more of the new life that was opening before him. Lin-
coln informed him that in three hours’ time a repre-
sentative gathering of officials and their wives would be
held in the state apartments of the wind-vane Chief.
Graham’s desire to traverse the ways of the city was,
however, at present impossible, because of the enormous
excitement of the people. It was, however, quite possible
for him to take a bird’s-eye view of the city from the
crow’s nest of the wind-vane keeper. To this accordingly
Graham was conducted by his- attendant. Lincoln, with
a graceful compliment to the attendant, apologized for
not accompanying them, on account of the present pres-
sure of administrative work.

  Higher even than the most gigantic wind-wheels hung
this crow’s nest, a clear thousand feet above the roofs,
a little disc-shaped speck on a spear of metallic filigree,
cable stayed. To its summit Graham was drawn in a
little wire-hung cradle. Halfway down the frail-seeming
stem was a light gallery about which hung a cluster
of tubes—minute they looked from above—rotating
slowly oii the ring of its outer rail. These were the
specula, era rapport with the wind-vane keeper’s mir-
rors, in one of which Ostrog had shown him the com-
ing of his rule. His Japanese attendant ascended before
him and they spent nearly an hour asking and answering
questions.

  It was a day full of the promise and quality of spring.
The touch of the wind warmed. The sky was an intense
blue and the vast expanse of London shone dazzling
under the morning sun. The air was clear of smoke
and haze, sweet as the air of a mountain glen.

  Save for the irregular oval of ruins about the House
of the Council and the black flag of the surrender that
fluttered there, the mighty city seen from above showed
few signs of the swift revolution that had, to his imag-
ination, in one night and one day, changed the destinies
of the world. A multitude of people still swarmed over
these ruins, and the huge openwork stagings in the dis-
tance from which started in times of peace the service
of aeroplanes to the various great cities of Europe and
America, were also black with the victors. Across a nar-
row way of planking raised on trestles that crossed the
ruins a crowd of workmen were busy restoring the con-
nection between the cables and wires of the Council
House and the rest of the city, preparatory to the trans-
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

91

fer thither of Ostrog’s headquarters from the Wind-
Vane buildings.

  For the rest the luminous expanse was undisturbed.
So vast was its serenity in comparison with the areas
of disturbance, that presently Graham, looking beyond
them, could almost forget the thousands of men lying
out of sight in the artificial glare within the quasi-sub-
terranean labyrinth, dead or dying of the overnight
wounds, forget the improvised wards with the hosts of
surgeons, nurses, and bearer3 feverishly busy, forget,
indeed, all the wonder, consternation and novelty under
the electric lights. Down there in the hidden ways of
the anthill he knew that the revolution triumphed, that
black everywhere carried the day, black favors, black ban-
ners, black festoons across the streets. And out here,
under the fresh sunlight, beyond the crater of the fight,
as if nothing had happened to the earth, the forest of
Wind Vanes that had grown from one or two while the
Council had ruled, roared peacefully upon their inces-
sant duty.

  Far away, spiked, jagged and indented by the wind
vanes, the Surrey Hills rose blue and faint; to the north
and nearer, the sharp contours of High gate and Mus-
well Hill were similarly jagged. And all over the coun-
tryside, he knew, on every crest and hill, where once the
hedges had interlaced, and cottages, churches, inns, and
farmhouses had nestled among their trees, wind wheels
similar to those he saw and bearing like them vast ad-
vertisements, gaunt and distinctive symbols of the new
age, cast their whirling shadows and stored incessantly
the energy that flowed away incessantly through all the
arteries of the city. And underneath these wandered
the countless flocks and herds of the British Food Trust
with their lonely guards and keepers.

   Not a familiar outline anywhere broke the cluster of
gigantic shapes below. St. Paul's he knew survived, and
many of the old buildings in Westminster, embedded out
of sight, arched over and covered in among the giant
growths of this great age. The Thames, too, made no
fall and gleam of silver to break the wilderness of the
city; the thirsty water mains drank up every drop of its
waters before they reached the walls. Its bed and estuary,
scoured and sunken, was now a canal of sea water and
a race of grimy bargemen brought the heavy materials
of trade from the Pool thereby beneath the very feet of
the workers. Faint and dim in the eastward between
earth and sky hung the clustering masts of the colossal
shipping in the Pool. For all the heavy traffic, for which
there was no need of haste, came in gigantic sailing
ships from the ends of the earth, and the heavy goods
for which there was urgency in mechanical ships of a
smaller swifter sort.

   And to the south over the hills, came vast aqueducts
with sea water for the sewers and in three separate
directions, ran pallid lines—the roads, stippled with mov-
ing grey specks. On the first occasion that offered he
was determined to go out and see these roads. That
would come after the flying ship he was presently to
try. His attendant officer described them as a pair of
gently curving surfaces a hundred yards wide, each
one for the traffic going in one direction, and made of
a substance called Eadhamite—an artificial substance,
so far as he could gather, resembling toughened glass.
Along this shot a strange traf.lc of narrow rubber-shod
vehicles, great single wheels, two and four wheeled
vehicles, sweeping along at velocities of from one to
six miles a minute. Railroads had vanished; a few
embankments remained as rust-crowned trenches here
and there. Some few formed the cores of Eadhamite
ways.

   Among the first things to strike his attention had been
the great fleets of advertisement balloons and kites that
receded in irregular vistas northward and southward

along the lines of the aeroplane journeys. No
aeroplanes were to be seen. Their passages had ceased,
and only one little-seeming aeropile circled high in the
blue distance above the Surrey Hills, an unimpressive
soaring speck.

A THING Graham had already learnt, and which he
found very hard to imagine, was that nearly all
the towns in the country, and almost all the villages,
had disappeared. Here and there only, he understood,
some gigantic hotel-like edifice stood amid square miles
of some single cultivation and preserved the name of
a town—as Bournemouth, Wareham, or Swanage. Yet
the officer had speedily convinced him how inevitable
such a change had been. The old order had dotted the
country with farmhouses, and every two or three miles
was the ruling landlord’s estate, and the place of the
inn and cobbler, the grocer’s shop and church—the vil-
lage. Every eight miles or so was the country town,
where lawyer, corn merchant, wool-stapler, saddler,
veterinary surgeon, doctor, draper, milliner and so forth
lived. Every eight miles—simply because that eight
mile marketing journey, four there and back, was as
much as was comfortable for the farmer. But directly
the railways came into play, and after them the light
railways, and all the swift new motor cars that had re-
placed wagons and horses, and so soon as the high roads
began to be made of wood, and rubber, and Eadhamite,
and all sorts of elastic durable substances—the necessity
of having such frequent market towns disappeared. And
the big towns grew. They drew the worker with the
gravitational force of seemingly endless work, the em-
ployer with their suggestions of an infinite ocean of
labor.

   And as the standard of comfort rose, as the com-
plexity of the mechanism of living increased, life in the
country had become more and more costly, or narrow
and impossible. The disappearance of vicar and squire,
the extinction of the general practitioner by the city
specialist, had robbed the village of its last touch of cul-
ture. After telephone, kinematograph and phonograph
had replaced newspaper, book, schoolmaster, and letter,
to live outside the range of the electric cables was to
live an isolated savage. In the country were neither
means of being clothed nor fed (according to the re-
fined conceptions of the time), no efficient doctors for
an emergency, no company and no pursuits.

'Moreover, mechanical appliances in agriculture made
one engineer the equivalent of thirty laborers. So, in-
verting the condition of the city clerk in the days when
London was scarce inhabitable because of the coaly foul-
ness of its air, the laborers now came hurrying by road
or air to the city and its life and delights at night to
leave it again in the morning. The city had swallowed
up humanity; man had entered upon a new stage in his
development. First had come the nomad, the hunter,
then had followed the agriculturist of the agricultural
state, whose towns and cities and ports were but the
headquarters and markets of the countryside. And noW,
logical consequence of an epoch of invention, was this
huge new aggregation of men. Save London, there were
only four other cities in Britain—Edinburgh, Ports-
mouth, Manchester and Shrewsbury. Such things as
these, simple statements of fact though they were to
contemporary men, strained Graham’s imagination to
picture. And when he glanced ‘‘over beyond there” at
the strange things that existed on the Continent, it
failed him altogether.

   He had a vision of city beyond city, cities on great
plains, cities beside great rivers, vast cities along the
sea margin, cities girdled by snowy mountains. Over
a great part of the earth the English tongue was spoken;
taken together with its Spanish American and Hindoo
92

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

and Negro and "Pidgin” dialects, it was the everyday
language of two-thirds of the people of the earth. On
the Continent, save as remote and curious survivals,
three other languages alone held sway—German, which
reached to Antioch and Genoa and jostled Spanish-
English at Cadiz, a Gallicized Russian which met the
Indian English in Persia and Kurdistan and the “Pid-
gin" English in Pekin, and French still clear and bril-
liant, the language of lucidity, which shared the Medi-
terranean with the Indian English and German and
reached through a negro dialect to the Congo.

  And everywhere now, through the city-set earth, save
in the administered “black belt” territories of the
tropics, the same cosmopolitan social organization pre-
vailed, and everywhere from Pole to Equator his prop-
erty and his responsibilities extended. The whole world
was civilized; the whole world dwelt in cities; the whole
world was property. Over the British Empire and
throughout America his ownership was scarcely dis-
guised, Congress and Parliament were usually regarded
as antique, curious gatherings. And even in the two
Empires of Russia and Germany, the influence of his
wealth was conceivably of enormous weight. There, of
course, came problems—possibilities, but, uplifted as he
was, even Russia and Germany seemed sufficiently re-
mote. And of the quality of the black belt administra-
tion, and of what that might mean for him he thought,
after the fashion of his former days, not at all. That it
should hang like a threat over the spacious vision before
him could not enter his nineteenth century mind. But
his mind turned at once from the scenery to the thought
of a vanished dread. “What of the yellow peril?” he
asked and Asano made him explain. The Chinese spec-
tre had vanished. Chinaman and European were at
peace. The twentieth century had discovered with re-
luctant certainty that the average Chinaman was as
civilized, more moral, and far more intelligent than
the average European serf, and had repeated on a gigan-
tic scale the fraternization of Scot and Englishman that
happened in the seventeenth century. As Asano put it;
“They thought it over. They found we were white men
after all.” Graham turned again to the view and his
thoughts took a new direction.

  Out of the rim south-west, glittering and strange,
voluptuous, and in some way terrible, shone those
Pleasure Cities, of which the kinematograph-phonograph
and the old man in the street had spoken. Strange
places reminiscent of the legendary Sybaris, cities of
art and beauty, mercenary art and mercenary beauty,
sterile wonderful cities of motion and music, whither
repaired all who profited by the fierce, inglorious, eco-
nomic struggle that went on in the glaring labyrinth
below.

  Fierce he knew it was. IIow fierce he could judge
from the fact that these latter-day people referred back
to the England of the nineteenth century as the figure
of an idyllic easy-going life. He turned his eyes to the
scene immediately before him again, trying to conceive
the big factories of that intricate maze.

  Northward he knew were the potters, makers not
only of earthenware and china, but of the kindred pastes
and compounds a subtler mineralogical chemistry had
devised; there were the makers of statuettes and wall
ornaments and much intricate furniture; there too were
the factories where feverishly competitive authors de-
vised their phonograph discourses and advertisements and
arranged the groupings and developments for their per-
petually startling and novel kinematographic dramatic
works. Thence, too, flashed the world-wide messages,
the world-wide falsehoods of the news-tellers, the
chargers of the telephonic machines that had replaced
the newspapers of the past.

  To the westward beyond the smashed Council House

were the voluminous offices of municipal control and gov-
ernment; and to the eastward, towards the port, the
trading quarters, the huge public markets, the theatres,
houses of resort, betting palaces, miles of billiard
saloons, baseball and football circuses, wild beast rings
and the innumerable temples of the Christian and quasi-
Christian sects, the Mahomedans, Buddhists, Gnostics,
Spook Worshippers, the Incubus Worshippers, the Furni-
ture Worshippers, and so forth; and to the south again a
vast manufacture of textiles, pickles, wines and condi-
ments. And from point to point tore the countless mul-
titudes along the roaring mechanical ways. A gigan-
tic hive, of which the winds were tireless servants, and
the ceaseless wind-vanes an appropriate crown and
symbol.

HE thought of the unprecedented population that had
been sucked up by this sponge of halls and galleries
—the thirty-three million lives that were playing out
each its own brief ineffectual drama below him, and the
complacency that the brightness of the day and the
space and splendor of the view, and above all the sense
of his own importance had begotten, dwindled and per-
ished. Looking down from this height over the city it
became at last possible to conceive this overwhelming
multitude of thirty-three millions, the reality of the
responsibility he would take upon himself, the vastness
of the human Maelstrom over which his slender king-
ship hung.

  He tried to figure the individual life. It astonished
him to realize how little the common man had changed
in spite of the visible change in his conditions. Life
and property, indeed, were secure from violence almost
all over the world, zymotic diseases, bacterial diseases
of all sorts had practically vanished, everyone had a
sufficiency of food and clothing, and warmed in the
city ways and sheltered from the weather—so much the
almost mechanical progress of science and the physical
organization of society had accomplished. But the crowd,
he was already beginning to discover, was a crowd still,
helpless in the hands of demagogue and organizer, in-
dividually cowardly, individually swayed by appetite, col-
lectively incalculable. The memory of countless figures
in pale blue canvas came before his mind. Millions of
such men and women below him, he knew, had never
been out of the city, had never seen beyond the little
round of unintelligent grudging participation in the
world’s business, and unintelligent dissatisfied sharing
in its tawdrier pleasures. He thought of the hopes of
his vanished contemporaries, and for a moment the
dream of London in Morris’s quaint old News from No-
where, and the perfect land of Hudson’s beautiful Crystal
Age appeared before him in an atmosphere of infinite
loss. He thought of his own hopes.

  For in the latter days of that passionate life that lay
now so far behind him, the conception of a free and equal
manhood had become a very real thing to him. He had
hoped, as indeed his age had hoped, rashly taking it for
granted, that the sacrifice of the many to the few would
some day cease, thac a day was near when every child
born of woman should have a fair and assured chance
of happiness. And here, after two hundred years, the
same hope, still unfulfilled, cried passionately through
the city. After two hundred years, he knew, greater
than ever, grown with the city to gigantic proportions,
were poverty and helpless labor and all the sorrows of
his time.

  Already he knew something of the history of the in-
tervening years. He had heard now of the moral decay
that had followed the collapse of supernatural religion
in the minds of ignoble man, the decline of public honor,
the ascendency of wealth. For men who had lost their
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

93

belief in God had still kept their faith in property, and
wealth ruled a venial world.

  His Japanese attendant, Asano, in expounding the
political history of the intervening two centuries, drew
an apt image from a seed eaten by insect parasites. First
there is the original seed, ripening vigorously enough.
And then comes some insect and lays an egg under the
skin, and behold! in a little while the seed is a hollow
shape with an active grub inside that has eaten out its
substance. And then comes some secondary parasite,
some ichneumon fly, and lays an egg within this grub,
and behold! that, too, is a hollow shape, and the new
living thing is inside its predecessor’s skin which itself
is snug within the seed coat. And the seed coat still
keeps its shape, most people think it a seed still, and
for all one knows it may still think itself a seed, vigor-
ous and alive. “Your Victorian kingdom,” said Asano,
“was like that—kingship with the heart eaten out.” The
landowners—the barons and gentry—began ages ago
with King John; there were lapses, but they beheaded
King Charles, and ended practically with King George,
a mere husk of a king . . . the real power in the
hands of their parliament. But the Parliament—the
organ of the land-holding tenant-ruling gentry—did not
keep its power long. The change had already come in
the nineteenth century. The franchises had been broad-
ened until it included masses of ignorant men, “urban
myriads,” who went in their featureless thousands to
vote together. And the natural consequence of a swarm-
ing constituency is the rule of the party organization.
Power was passing even in the Victorian time to the
party machinery, secret, complex, and corrupt. Very
speedily power was in the hands of great men of
business who financed the machines. A time came when
the real power and interest of the Empire rested visibly
between the two party councils, ruling by newspapers
and electoral organizations—two small groups of rich
and able men, working at first in opposition, then pres-
ently together.

  There was a reaction of a genteel ineffectual sort.
There were numberless books in existence, Asano said,
to prove that—the publication of some of them was as
early as Graham’s sleep—a whole literature of reaction
in fact. The party of the reaction seems to have locked
itself into its study and rebelled with unflinching de-
termination—on paper. The urgent necessity of either
capturing or depriving the party councils of power is a
common suggestion underlying all the thoughtful work
of the early twentieth century, both in America and
England. In most of these things America was a little
earlier than England, though both countries drove the
same way.

  That counter-revolution never came. It could never
organize and keep pure. There was not enough of the
old sentimentality, the old faith in righteousness, left
among men. Any organization that became big enough
to influence the polls became complex enough to be un-
dermined, broken up, or bought outright by capable
rich men. Socialistic and Popular, Reactionary and
Purity Parties were all at last mere Stock Exchange
counters, selling their principles to pay for their elec-
tioneering. And the great concern of the rich was natur-
ally to keep property intact, the board clear for the
game of trade. Just as the feudal concern had been to
keep the board clear for hunting and war. The whole
world was exploited, a battlefield of businesses; and
financial convulsions, the scourge of currency manipula-
tion, tariff wars, made more human misery during the
twentieth century—because the wretchedness was dreary
life instead of speedy death—than had war, pestilence
and famine, in the darkest hours of earlier history.

  His own part in the development of this time he now
knew clearly enough. Through the successive phases
in the development of this mechanical civilization, aiding

and presently directing its development, there had
grown a new power, the Council, the board of his trustees.
At first it had been a mere chance union of the millions
of Isbister and Warming, a mere property holding com-
pany, the creation of two childless testators’ whims, but
the collective talent of its first constitution had speedily
guided it to a vast influence, until by title deed, loan
and share, under a hundred disguises and pseudonyms
it had ramified through the fabric of the American and
English States.

  Wielding an enormous influence and patronage, the
Council had early assumed a political aspect; and in
its development it had continually used its wealth to
tip the beam of political decisions and its political ad-
vantages to grasp yet more and more wealth. At last
the party organizations of two hemispheres were in its
hands; it became an inner council of political control.
Its last struggle was with the tacit alliance of the great
Jewish families. But these families were linked only
by a feeble sentiment, at any time inheritance might
fling a huge fragment of their resources to a minor, a
woman or a fool, marriages and legacies alienated hun-
dreds of thousands at one blow. The Council had no
such breach in its continuity. Steadily, steadfastly it
grew.

THE original Council was not simply twelve men of
exceptional ability; they fused, it was a council of
genius. It struck boldly for riches, for political influ-
ence, and the two subserved each other. With amazing
foresight it spent great sums of money on the art of
flying, holding that invention back against an hour fore-
seen. It used the patent laws, and a thousand half-legal
expedients, to hamper all investigators who refused to
work with it. In the old days it never missed a capable
man. It paid his price. Its policy in those days was
vigorous—unerring, and against it as it grew steadily
and incessantly was only the chaotic selfish rule of the
casually rich. In a hundred years Graham had become
almost exclusive owner of Africa, of South America, of
France, of London, of England and all its influence—
for all practical purposes, that is—a power in North
America—then the dominant power in America. The
Council bought an organized China, drilled Asia, crippled
the Old World empires, undermined them financially,
fought and defeated them.

  And this spreading usurpation of the world was so
dexterously performed—a proteus—hundreds of banks,
companies, syndicates, masked the Council’s operations
—that it was already far advanced before common men
suspected the tyranny that had come. The Council never
hesitated, never faltered. Means of communication, land,
buildings, governments, municipalities, the territorial
companies of the tropics, every human enterprise, it gath-
ered greedily. And it drilled and marshalled its men,
its railway police, its roadway police, its house guards,
and drain and cable guards, its hosts of land-workers.
Their unions it did not fight, but it undermined and
betrayed and bought them. It bought the world at last.
And, finally, its culminating stroke was the introduction
of flying.

  When the Council, in conflict with the workers in
some of its huge monopolies, did something flagrantly
illegal and that without even the ordinary civility of
bribery, the old Law, alarmed for the profits of its com-
plaisance, looked about it for weapons. But there were
no more armies, no fighting navies; the age of Peace
had come. The only possible war ships were the great
steam vessels of the Council’s Navigation Trust. The
police forces they controlled; the police of the railways,
of the ships, cf their agricultural estates, their time-
keepers and order-keepers, outnumbered the neglected
little forces of the old country and municipal organiza-
tions ten to one. And they produced flying machines.
94

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

There were men alive still who could remember the
last great debate in the London House of Commons—
the legal party, the party against the Council was in a
minority, but it made a desperate fight—and how the
members came crowding out upon the terra- < to see these
great unfamiliar winged shapes circling quietly over-
head. The Council had soared to its power. The last
sham of democracy that had permitted unlimited irre-
sponsible property was at an end.

   Within one hundred and fifty years of Graham’s fall-
ing asleep, his Council had thrown off its disguises and
ruled openly, supreme in his name. Elections had be-
come a cheerful formality, a septennial folly, an ancient
unmeaning custom; a social Parliament as ineffectual
as the convocation of the Established Church in Vic-
torian times assembled now and then; and a legitimate
King of England, disinherited, drunken and witless,
played foolishly in a second-rate music-hall. So the mag-
nificent dream of the nineteenth century, the noble
project of universal individual liberty and universal hap-
piness, touched by a disease of honor, crippled by a
superstition of absolute property, crippled by the re-
ligious feuds that had robbed the common citizens
of education, robbed men of standards of conduct,
‘and brought the sanctions of morality to utter con-
tempt, had worked itself out in the face of invention and
ignoble enterprise, first to a warring plutocracy, and
finally to the rule of a supreme plutocrat. His Council
at last had ceased even to trouble to have its decrees
endorsed by the constitutional authorities, and he a mo-
tionless, sunken, yellow-skinned figure had lain, neither
dead nor living, recognizably and immediately Master of
the Earth. And awoke at last to find himself—Master
of that inheritance! Awoke to stand under the cloud-
less empty sky and gaze down upon the greatness of his
dominion.

1	To what end had he awakened? Was this city, this
hive of hopeless toilers, the final refutation of his ancient
hopes? Or was the fire of liberty, the fire that had
blazed and waned in the years of his past life, still
smouldering below there? He thought of the stir and
impulse of the song of the revolution. Was that song
merely the trick of a demagogue, to be forgotten when
its purpose was served? Was the hope that still stirred
within him only the memory of abandoned things, the
vestige of a creed outworn? Or had it a wider mean-
ing, an import interwoven with the destiny of man?
To what end had he awakened, what was there for him
to do? Humanity was spread below him like a map.
He thought of the millions and millions of humanity
following each other unceasingly for ever out of the
darkness of non-existence into the darkness of death,
iTo what end? Aid there must be, but it transcended
his power of thought. He saw for the first time clearly
his own infinite littleness, saw stark and terrible the
tragic contrast of human strength and the craving of
the human heart. For that little while he knew himself
for the petty accident he was, and knew therewith the
greatness of his desire. And suddenly his littleness
was intolerable, his aspiration was intolerable, and there
came to him an irresistible impulse to pray. And he
prayed. He prayed vague, incoherent, contradictory
things, his soul strained up through time and space and
all the fleeting multitudinous confusion of being, to-
wards something—he scarcely knew what—towards
something that could comprehend his striving and en-
dure.

  A man and a woman were far below on a roof space
to the southward enjoying the freshness of the morn-
ing air. The man had brought out a perspective glass
to spy upon the Council House and he was showing her
how to use it. Presently their curiosity was satisfied,
they could see no traces of bloodshed from their position,
and after a survey of the empty sky she came round to

the crow’s nest. And there she saw two little black
figures, so small it was hard to believe they were men,
one who watched and one who gesticulated with hands
outstretched to the silent emptiness of Heaven.

  She handed the glass to the man. He looked and
exclaimed:

   “I believe it ij the Master. Yes. I a a sure. It is
the Master!”

  He lowered the glass and looked at her. "Waving
his hands about almost as if he was praying. I wonder
what he is up to. Worshipping the sun? There weren’t
Parsees in this country in his time, were there?"

   He looked again. ‘‘He’s stopped it now. It was a
chance attitude, I suppose.” He put •’own the glas3
and became meditative. "He won’t have anything to
do but enjoy himself—just enjoy himself. Ostrog will
boss the show of course. Ostrog will have to, because
of keeping all these Laborer fools in bounds. Them
and their song! And got it all by sleeping, dear eyes
—'just sleeping. It's a wonderful world.”

CHAPTER XV
Prominent People

THE state apartments of the Wind Vane Keeper
would have seemed astonishingly intricate to Gra-
ham had he entered them fresh from his nineteenth
century life, but already he was growing accustomed to
the scale of the new time. They can scarcely be de-
scribed as halls and rooms, seeing that a complicated
system of arches, bridges, passages and galleries divided
and united every part of the great space. He came out
through one of the now familiar sliding panels upon a
plateau or landing at the head of a flight of very broad
and gentle steps, with men and women far more bril-
liantly dressed than any he had hitherto seen ascending
and descending. From this position he looked down a
vista of intricate ornament in lustreless white and
mauve and purple, spanned by bridges that seemed
wrought of porcelain and filigree, and terminating far off
in a cloudy mystery of perforated screens.

   Glancing upward, he saw tier above tier of ascending
galleries with faces looking down upon him. The air
was full of the babble of innumerable voices of a music
that descended from above, a gay and exhilarating music
whose source he never discovered.

   The central aisle was thick with people, but by no
means uncomfortably crowded; altogether that assem-
bly must have numbered many thousands. They were
brilliantly, even fantastically dressed, the men as fanci-
fully as the women, for the sobering influence of the
Puritan conception of dignity upon masculine dress
had long since passed away. The hair of the men, too,
though it was rarely worn long, was commonly curled
in a manner that suggested the barber, and baldness
had vanished from the earth. Frizzy straight-cut masses
that would have charmed Rosetti abounded, and one gen-
tleman, who was pointed out to Graham under the mys-
terious title of an “amorist,” wore his hair in two be-
coming plaits a la Marguerite. The pigtail was in evi-
dence; it would seem that citizens of Chinese extraction
were no longer ashamed of their race. There was little
uniformity of fashion apparent in the forms of clothing
worn. The more shapely men displayed their symmetry
in trunk hose, and here were puffs and slashes, and there
a cloak and there a robe. The fashions of the days of
Leo the Tenth were perhaps the prevailing influence,
but the aesthetic conceptions of the far east were also
patent. Masculine embonpoint, which, in Victorian
times, would have been subjected to the tightly buttoned
perils, the ruthless exaggeration of tight-legged tight-
armed evening dress, now formed but the basis of a
wealth of dignity and drooping folds. Graceful slender-
ness abounded also. To Graham, a typically stiff man
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

95

from a typically stiff period, not only did these men
seem altogether too graceful in person, but altogether
too expressive in their vividly expressive faces. They
gesticulated, they expressed surprise, interest, amuse-
ment, above all, they expressed the emotions excited in
their minds by the ladies about them with astonishing
frankness. Even at the first glance it was evident that
women were in a great majority.

  The ladies in the company of these gentlemen dis-
played in dress, bearing and manner alike, less emphasis
and more intricacy. Some affected a classical simplicity
of robing and subtlety of fold, after the fashion of the
First French Empire, and flashed conquering arms and
shoulders as Graham passed. Others had closely-fitting
dresses without seam or belt at the waist, sometimes
with long fold falling from the shoulders. The delight-
ful confidences of evening dress had not been diminished
by the passage of two centuries.

  Everyone’s movements seemed graceful. Graham re-
marked to Lincoln that he saw men as Raphael’s cartoons
walking, and Lincoln told him that the attainment of an
appropriate set of gestures was part of every rich per-
son’s education. The Master’s entry was greeted with a
sort of tittering applause, but these people showed their
distinguished manners by not crowding upon him nor
annoying him by any persistent scrutiny, as he descended
the steps towards the floor of the aisle.

  He had already learnt from Lincoln that these were
the leaders of existing London society; almost every
person there that night was either a powerful official
or the immediate connection of a powerful official. Many
had returned from the European Pleasure Cities ex-
pressly to welcome him. The aeronautic authorities,
whose defection had played a part in the overthrow of
the Council only second to Graham’s were very promi-
nent, and so, too, was the Wind Vane Control. Amongst
others there were several of the more prominent officers
of the Food Trust; the controller of the European Pig-
geries had a particularly melancholy and interesting
countenance and a daintily cynical manner. A bishop
in full canonicals passed athwart Graham’s vision, con-
versing with a gentleman dressed exactly like the tradi-
tional Chaucer, including even the laurel wreath.

  “Who is that?” he asked almost involuntarily.

  “The Bishop of London,” said Lincoln.

  "No—the other, I mean.”

  “Poet Laureate.”

  “You still-?”

  “He doesn’t make poetry, of course. He’s a cousin
of Wotton—one of the Councillors. But he’s one of
the Red Rose Royalists—a delightful club—and they
keep up the tradition of these things.”

  “Asano told me there was a King.”

  “The King doesn’t belong. They had to expel him.
It’s the Stuart blood, I suppose; but really—”

  "Too much?”

  “Far too much.”

  Graham did not quite follow all this, but it seemed
part of the general inversion of the new age. He bowed
condescendingly to his first introduction. It was evi-
dent that subtle distinctions of class prevailed even in
this assembly, that only to a small proportion of the
guests, to an inner group, did Lincoln consider it ap-
propriate to introduce him. This first introduction was
the Master Aeronaut a man whose sun-tanned face con-
trasted oddly with the delicate complexions about him.
Just at present his critical defection from the Council
made him a very important person indeed.

  Ilis manner contrasted very favorably, according to
Graham's ideas, with the general bearing. He made a
few commonplace remarks, assurances of loyalty and
frank inquiries about the Master’s health. His manner
was breezy, his accent lacked the easy staccato of latter-
day English. He made it admirably clear to Graham

that he was a bluff “aerial dog”—he used that phrase—
that there was no nonsense about him, that he was a
thoroughly manly fellow and old-fashioned at that, that
he didn’t profess to know much, and that what he did
not know was not worth knowing. He made a manly
bow, ostentatiously free from obsequiousness, and
passed.

“I am glad to see that type endures,” said Graham.
“Phonographs and kinematographs,” said Lincoln, a
little spitefully. “He has studied from the life.” Graham
glanced at the burly form again. It was oddly
reminiscent.

  "As a matter of fact we bought him,” said Lincoln.
“Partly. And partly he was afraid of Ostrog. Every-
thing rested with him.”

  He turned sharply to introduce the Surveyor-Gen-
eral of the Public School Trust. This person was a
willowy figure in a blue-grey academic gown, he
beamed down upon Graham through pince-nez of a
Victorian pattern, and illustrated his remarks by ges-
tures of a beautifully manicured hand. Graham was
immediately interested in this gentleman’s functions,
and asked him a number of singularly direct questions.
The Surveyor-General seemed quietly amused at the
Master’s fundamental bluntness. He was a little vague
as to the monopoly of education his Company possessed;
it was done by contract with the syndicate that ran the
numerous London Municipalities, but he waxed en-
thusiastic over educational progress since the Victorian
times. “We have conquered Cram,” he said, “completely
conquered Cram—there is not an examination left in
the world. Aren’t you glad?”

  “How do you get the work done?” asked Graham.

  “We make it attractive—as attractive as possible.
And if it does not attract then—we let it go. We cover
an immense field.”

HE proceeded to details, and they had a lengthy
conversation. The Surveyor-General mentioned
the names of Pestalozzi and Froebel with profound re-
spect, although he displayed no intimacy with their
epoch-making words. Graham learnt that University
Extension still existed in a modified form. “There is
a certain type of girl, for example,” said the Surveyor-
General, dilating with a sense of his usefulness, "with
a perfect passion for severe studies—when they are not
too difficult you know. We cater to them by the thou-
sand. At this moment,” he said with a Napoleonic
touch, “nearly five hundred phonographs are lecturing
in different parts of London on the influence exercised
by Plato and Swift on the love affairs of Shelley, Haz-
litt, and Burns. And afterwards they write essays on
the lectures, and the names in order of merit are put
in conspicuous places. You see how your little germ
has grown? The illiterate middle-class of your days
has quite passed away.”

  “About the public elementary schools,” said Graham.
"Do you control them?”

  The Surveyor-General did, “entirely.” Now Graham,
in his later democratic days, had taken a keen interest
in these and his questioning quickened. Certain casual
phrases that had fallen from the old man with whom
he had talked in the darkness recurred to him. The
Surveyor-General, in effect, endorsed the old man’s
words. “We have abolished Cram,” he said, a phrase
Graham was beginning to interpret as the abolition of
all sustained work. The Surveyor-General became senti-
mental. “We try and make the elementary schools very
pleasant for the little children. They will have to work
so soon. Just a few simple principles—obedience—in-
dustry.”

  “You teach them very little?”

  “Why should we? It only leads to trouble and dis-
content. We amuse them. Even as it is—there are
96

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

troubles—agitations. Where the laborers get the
ideas, one cannot tell. They tell one another. There
are socialistic dreams—anarchy even! Agitators will
get to work among them. I take it—I have always
taken it—that my foremost duty is to fight against pop-
ular discontent. Why should people be made unhappy,”
"1 wonder,” said Graham thoughtfully. ‘‘But there
are a great many things I want to know.”

  Lincoln, who had stood watching Graham’s face
throughout the conversation, intervened. ‘‘There are
others,” he said in an undertone.

  The Surveyor-General of schools gesticulated him-
self away. “Perhaps,” said Lincoln, intercepting a
casual glance, “you would like to know some of these
ladies?”

  The daughter of the Manager of the Piggeries of
the European Food Trust was a particularly charming
little person with red hair and animated blue eyes.
Lincoln left him awhile to converse with her, and she
displayed herself as quite an enthusiast for the “dear
old times,” as she called them, that had seen the begin-
ning of his trance. As she talked she smiled, and her
eyes smiled in a manner that demanded reciprocity.

   “I have tried,” she said, “countless times—to imagine
those old romantic days. And to you—they are memo-
ries. How strange and crowded the world must seem
to you! I have seen photographs and pictures of the
old times, the little isolated houses built of bricks made
out of burnt mud and all black with soot from your fires,
the railway bridges, the simple advertisements, the
solemn savage Puritanical men in strange black coats
and those tall hats of theirs, iron railway trains on
iron bridges overhead, horses and cattle, and even dogs
running half wild about the streets. And suddenly,
you have come into this!”

   "Into this,” said Graham.

   "Out of your life—out of all that was familiar.”

  “The old life was not a happy one,” said Graham. “I
do not regret that.”

  She looked at him quickly. There was a brief pause.
She sighed encouragingly. “No?”

  “No,” said Graham. “It was a little life—and un-
meaning. But this-. We thought the world com-
plex and crowded and civilised enough. Yet I see—
although in this world I am barely four days old—
looking back on my own time, that it was a queer, bar-
baric time—the mere beginning of this new order. The
mere beginning of this new order. You will find it
hard to understand how little I know.”

  "You may ask me what you like,” she said, smiling
at him.

  "Then tell me who these people are. I’m still very
much in the dark about them. It’s puzzling. Are there
any Generals?”

  “Men in hats and feathers?”

  “Of course not. No. I suppose they are the men
who control the great public businesses. Who is that
distinguished looking man?”

  “That? He’s a most important officer. That is Mor-
den. He is managing director of the Antibilious Pill
Company. I have heard that his workers sometimes
urn out a myriad myriad pills a day in twenty-four hours.
Fancy a myriad myriad!”

  “A myriad myriad. No wonder he looks proud,” said
Graham. “Pills! What a wonderful time it is! That
man in purple?”

  “He is not quite one of the inner circle, you know.
But we like him. He is really clever and very amus-
ing. He is one of the heads of the Medical Faculty of
our London University. All medical men, you know,
are shareholders in the Medical Faculty Company, and
wear that purple. You have to be—to be qualified. But
of course, people who are paid by fees for doing some-

thing—” She smiled away the social pretensions of all
such people.

  “Are any of your great artists or authors here?”

  "No authors. They are mostly such queer people—
and so preoccupied about themselves. And they quarrel
so dreadfully! They will fight, some of them, for prece-
dence on staircases! Dreadful, isn’t it? But I think
Wraysbury, the fashionable capillotomist, is here. From
Capri.”

  “Capillotomist,” said Graham. "Ah! I remember. An
artist! Why not?”

  “We have to cultivate him,” she said apologetically.
“Our heads are in his hands.” She smiled.

  Graham hesitated at the invited compliment, but his
glance was expressive. "Have the arts grown with the
rest of civilised things?” he said. “Who are your great
painters?”

  She looked at him doubtfully. Then laughed. "For a
moment,” she said, “I thought you meant—” She laughed
again. “You mean, of course, those good men you used
to think so much of because they could cover great spaces
of canvas with oil-colours? Great oblongs. And people
used to put the things in gilt frames and hang them up
in rows in their square rooms. We haven’t any. People
grew tired of that sort of thing.”

  "But what did you think I meant?”

  She put a finger significantly on a cheek whose glow
was above suspicion, and smiled and looked very arch
and pretty and inviting. “And here,” and she indicated
her eyelid.

GRAHAM had an adventurous moment. Then a gro-
tesque memory of a picture he had somewhere
seen of Uncle Toby and the Widow flashed across his
mind. An archaic shame came upon him. He became
acutely aware that he was visible to a great number of
interested people. “I see,” he remarked inadequately.
He turned awkwardly away from her fascinating facility.
He looked about him to meet a number of eyes that im-
mediately occupied themselves with other things. Pos-
sibly he coloured a little. “Who is that talking with the
lady in saffron?” he asked, avoiding her eyes.

  The person in question he learnt was one of the great
organisers of the American theatres just fresh from a
gigantic production at Mexico. His face reminded Gra-
ham of a bust of Caligula. Another striking looking
man was the Black Labour Master. The phrase at the
time made no deep impression, but afterwards it re-
curred;—the Black Labour Master? The little lady, in
no degree embarrassed, pointed out to him a charming
little woman as one of the subsidiary wives of the An-
gelican Bishop of London. She added encomiums on the
episcopal courage—hitherto there had been a rule of
clerical monogamy—“neither a natural nor an expedient
condition of things. Why should the natural develop-
ment of the affections be dwarfed and restricted because
a man is a priest?”

  “And, by the bye,” she added, “are you an Anglican?”
Graham was on the verge of hesitating inquiries about
the status of a "subsidiary wife,” apparently an euphe-
mistic phrase, when Lincoln’s return broke off this very
suggestive and interesting conversation. They crossed
the aisle to where a tall man in crimson, and two charm-
ing persons in Burmese costume (as it seemed to him)
awaited him diffidently. From their civilities he passed
to other presentations.

  In a little while his multitudinous impressions began
to organise themselves into a general effect. At first
the glitter of the gathering had raised all the democrat
in Graham; he had felt hostile and satirical. But it
is not in human nature to resist an atmosphere of cour-
teous regard. Soon the music, the light, the play of
colours, the shining arms and shoulders about him, the
touch of hands, the transient interest of smiling faces,
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

97

the frothing sound of skilfully modulated voices, the at-
mosphere of compliment, interest and respect, had woven
together into a fabric of indisputable pleasure. Graham
for a time forgot his spacious resolutions. He gave
way insensibly to the intoxication of the position that
was conceded him, his manner became less conscious,
more convincingly regal, his feet walked assuredly, the
black robe fell with a bolder fold and pride ennobled
his voice. After all this was a brilliant interesting world.

  His glance went approvingly over the shifting colours
of the people, it rested here and there in kindly criticism
upon a face. Presently it occurred to him that he owed
some apology to the charming little person with the red
hair and blue eyes. He felt guilty of a clumsy snub.
It was not princely to ignore her advances, even if his
policy necessitated their rejection. He wondered if he
should see her again. And suddenly a little thing touched
all the glamour of this brilliant gathering and changed
its quality.

  He looked up and saw passing across a bridge of
porcelain and looking down upon him, a face that was
almost immediately hidden, the face of the girl he had
seen overnight in the little room beyond the theatre
after his escape from the Council. And she was look-
ing with much the same expression of curious expec-
tation, of uncertain intentness, upon his proceedings.
For the moment he did not remember when he had
seen her, and then with recognition came a vague mem-
ory of the stirring emotions of their first encounter.
But the dancing web of melody about him kept the air
of that great marching song from his memory.

  The lady to whom he was talking repeated her remark,
and Graham recalled himself to the quasi-regal flirtation
upon which he was engaged.

  But from that moment a vague restlessness, a feeling
that grew to dissatisfaction, came into his mind. He
was troubled as if by some half forgotten duty, by the
sense of things important slipping from him amidst this
light and brilliance. The attraction that these bright
ladies who crowded about him were beginning to exer-
cise ceased. He no longer made vague and clumsy re-
sponses to the subtly amorous advances that he was now
assured were being made to him, and his eyes wandered
for another sight of that face that had appealed so
strongly to his sense of beauty. But he did not see her
again until he was awaiting Lincoln's return to leave
this assembly. In answer to his request Lincoln had
promised that an attempt should be made to fly that
afternoon, if the weather permitted. He had gone to
make certain necessary arrangements.

  Graham was in one of the upper galleries in conver-
sation with a bright-eyed lady on the subject of Eadha-
mite—the subject was his choice and not hers. He
had interrupted her warm assurances of personal de-
votion with a matter-of-fact inquiry. He found her, as
he had already found several other latter-day women
that night, less well informed than charming. Suddenly,
struggling against the eddying drift of nearer melody,
the song of the Revolt, the great song he had heard in
the Hall, hoarse and massive, came beating down to him.

  He glanced up startled, and perceived above him an
oeil de boeuf through which this song had come, and
beyond, the upper courses of cable, the blue haze, and
the pendant fabric of the lights of the public ways. He
heard the song break into a tumult of voices and cease.
But now he perceived quite clearly the drone and tumult
of the moving platforms and a murmur of many people.
He had a vague persuasion that he could not account for,
a sort of instinctive feeling that outside in the ways a
huge crowd must be watching this place in which their
Master amused himself. He wondered what they might
be thinking.

  Though the song had stopped so abruptly, though
the special music of this gathering reasserted itself, the

  motif of the marching song, once it had begun, lingered
in his mind.

  The bright-eyed lady was still struggling with the
mysteries of Eadhamite when he perceived the girl he
had seen in the theatre again. She was coming now
along the gallery towards him; he saw her first before
she saw him. She was dressed in a faintly luminous
grey, her dark hair about her brows was like a cloud,
and as he saw her the cold light from the circular opening
into the ways fell upon her downcast face.

  The lady in trouble about the Eadhamite saw the
change in his expression, and grasped her opportunity
to escape. "Would you care to know that girl, Sire?"
she asked boldly. “She is Helen Wotton—a niece of
Ostrog’s. She knows a great many serious things. She
is one of the most serious persons alive. I am sure you
will like her.”

  In another moment Graham was talking to the girl,
and the bright-eyed lady had fluttered away.

  “I remember you quite well,” said Graham. “You
were in that little room. When all the people were sing-
ing and beating time with their feet. Before I walked
across the Hall.”

  Her momentary embarrassment passed. She looked up
at him, and her face was steady. “It was wonderful,”
she said, hesitated, and spoke with a sudden effort. "All
those people would have died for you, Sire. Countless
people did die for you that night.”

  Her face glowed. She glanced swiftly aside to see
that no other heard her words.

  Lincoln appeared some way off along the gallery,
making his way through the press towards them. She
saw him and turned to Graham strangely eager, with a
swift change to confidence and intimacy. “Sire," she
said quickly, “I cannot tell you now and here. But the
common people are very unhappy; they are oppressed—
they are misgoverned. Do not forget the people, who
faced death—death that you might live.”

  “I know nothing—” began Graham.

  “I cannot tell you now.”

  Lincoln’s face appeared close to them. He bowed an
apology to the girl.

  “You find the new world pleasant, Sire?” asked Lin-
coln, with smiling deference, and indicating the space
and splendour of the gathering by one comprehensive
gesture. “At any rate, you find it changed."

  “Yes,” said Graham, "changed. And yet, after all,
not so greatly changed.”

  “Wait till you are in the air,” said Lincoln. “The
wind has fallen; even now an aeropile awaits you.”

  The girl’s attitude awaited dismissal.

  Graham glanced at her face, was on the verge of a
question, found a warning in her expression, bowed to
her and turned to accompany Lincoln.

CHAPTER XVI

The Aeropile

FOR a while, as Graham went through the passages
of the Wind-Vane offices with Lincoln, he was pre-
occupied. But, by an effort, he attended to the
things which Lincoln was saying. Soon his preoccupa-
tion vanished. Lincoln was talking of flying. Graham
had a strong desire to know more of this new human at-
tainment. He began to ply Lincoln with questions. He
had followed the crude beginnings of aerial navigation
very keenly in his previous life; he was delighted to find
the familiar names of Maxim and Pilcher, Langley and
Chanute, and, above all, of the aerial proto-martyr Lillien-
thal, still honored by men.

  Even during his previous life two lines of investiga-
tion had pointed clearly to two distinct types of con-
trivance as possible, and both of these had been realized.
On the one hand was the great engine-driven aeroplane,
a double row of horizontal floats with a big aerial screw
9S

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

The ttcropilc.

  behind, and on the other the nimbler aeropile. The aero-
planes flew safely only in a calm or moderate wind, and
sudden storms, occurrences that were now accurately
predictable, rendered them for all practical purposes
useless. They were built of enormous size—the usual
stretch of wing being six hundred feet or more, and the
length of the fabric a thousand feet. They were for
passenger traffic alone. The lightly swung car they car-
ried was from a hundred to a hundred and fifty feet in
length. It was hung in a peculiar manner in order to
minimize the complex vibration that even a moderate
wind produced, and for the same reason the little seats
within the car—each passenger remained seated during
the voyage—were slung with great freedom of movement.
The starting of the mechanism was only possible from
a gigantic car on the rail of a specially constructed stage.
Graham had seen these vast stages, the flying stages,
from the crow’s nest very well. Six huge blank areas
they were, with a giant “carrier” stage on each.

  The choice of descent was equally circumscribed, an
accurately plane surface being needed for safe ground-
ing. Apart from the destruction that would have been
caused by the descent of this great expanse of sail and
metal, and the impossibility of its rising again, the con-
cussion of an irregular surface, a tree-set hillside, for
instance, or an embankment, would be sufficient to pierce

  or damage the framework, to smash the ribs of the
body, and perhaps kill those aboard.

  At first Graham felt disappointed with these cum-
bersome contrivances, but he speedily grasped the fact
that smaller machines would have been unremunerative,
for the simple reason that their carrying power would be
disproportionately diminished with diminished size. More-
over, the huge size of these things enabled them—and
it was a consideration of primary importance—to traverse
the air at enormous speeds, and so run no risks of unan-
ticipated weather. The briefest journey performed, that
from London to Paris, took about three-quarters of an
hour, but the velocity attained was not high; the leap
to New York occupied about two hours, and by timing
oneself carefully at the intermediate stations it was pos-
sible in quiet weather to go around the world in a day.

  The little aeropiles (as for no particular reason they
were distinctively called) were of an altogether different
type. Several of these were going to and fro in the
air. They were designed to carry only one or two per-
sons, and their manufacture and maintenance was so
costly as to render them the monopoly of the richer
sort of people. Their sails, which were brilliantly col-
ored, consisted only of two pairs of lateral air floats
in the same plane, and of a screw behind. Their small
size rendered a descent in any open space neither difficult
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

99

nor disagreeable, and it was possible to attach pneumatic
wheels or even the ordinary motors for terrestrial traffic
to them, and so carry them to a convenient starting place.
They required a special sort of swift car to throw them
into the air, but such a car was efficient in any open
place clear of high buildings or trees. Human aero-
nautics, Graham perceived, were evidently still a long
way behind the instinctive gift of the albatross or the
fly-catcher. One great influence that might have brought
the aeropile to a more rapid perfection had been with-
held; these inventions had never been used in warfare.
The last great international struggle had occurred before
the usurpation of the Council.

  The Flying Stages of London were collected together
in an irregular crescent on the southern side of the river.
They formed three groups of two each and retained
the names of ancient suburban hills or villages. They
were named in order, Roehampton, Wimbledon Park,
Streatham, Norwood, Blackheath, and Shooter’s Hill.
They were uniform structures rising high above the gen-
eral roof surfaces. Each was about four thousand yards
long and a thousand broad, and constructed of the com-
pound of aluminum and iron that had replaced iron in
architecture. Their higher tiers formed an openwork of
girders through which lifts and staircases ascended.
The upper surface was a uniform expanse, with portions
—the starting carriers—that could be raised and were
then able to run on very slightly inclined rails to the end
of the fabric. Save for any aeropiles or aeroplanes that
were in port these open surfaces were kept clear for
arrivals.

  During the adjustment of the aeroplanes it was the
custom for passengers to wait in the system of theatres,
restaurants, news-rooms, and places of pleasure and in-
dulgence of various sorts that interwove with the pros-
perous shops below. This portion of London was in con-
sequence commonly the gayest of all its districts with
something of the meretricious gaiety of a seaport or city
of hotels. And for those who took a more serious view
of aeronautics, the religious quarters had flung out an
attractive colony of devotional chapels, while a host of
brilliant medical establishments competed to supply phys-
ical preparatives for the journey. At various levels
through the mass of chambers and passages beneath these,
ran, in addition to the main moving ways of the city
which laced and gathered here, a complex system of
special passages and lifts and slides, for the convenient
interchange of people and luggage between stage and
stage. And a distinctive feature of the architecture of
this section was the ostentatious massiveness of the
metal piers and girders that everywhere broke the vistas
and spanned the halls and passages, crowding and twin-
ing up to meet the weight of the stages and the weighty
impact of the aeroplanes overhead.

  Graham went to the flying stages by the public ways.
He was accompanied by Asano, his Japanese attendant.
Lincoln was called away by Ostrog, who was busy with
his administrative concerns. A strong guard of the
Wind-Vane police awaited the Master outside the Wind-
Vane offices, and they cleared a space for him on the
upper moving platform. His passage to the flying stages
was unexpected, nevertheless a considerable crowd gath-
ered and followed him to his destination. As he went
along, he could hear the people shouting his name, and
saw numberless men and women and children in blue
come swarming up the staircases in the central path,
gesticulating and shouting. He could not hear what they
shouted. He was struck again by the evident existence
of a vulgar dialect among the poor of the city. When
at last he descended, his guards were immediately sur-
rounded by a dense excited crowd. Afterwards it oc-
curred to him that some had attempted to reach him
with petitions. His guards cleared a passage for him
with difficulty.

HE found an aeropile in charge of an aeronaut await-
ing him on the westward stage. Seen close this
mechanism was no longer small. As it lay on its launch-
ing carrier upon the wide expanse of the flying stage,
its aluminum body skeleton was as big as the hull of a
twenty-ton yacht. Its lateral supporting sails braced
and stayed with metal nerves almost like the nerves of
a bee’s wing, and made of some sort of glassy artificial
membrane, cast their shadow over many hundreds of
square yards. The chairs for the engineer and his
passenger hung free to swing by a complex tackle, within
the protecting ribs of the frame and well abaft the middle.
The passenger's chair was protected by a wind-guard
and guarded about with metallic rods carrying air cush-
ions. It could, if desired, be completely closed in, but
Graham was anxious for novel experiences, and desired
that it should be left open. The aeronaut sat behind a
glass that sheltered his face. The passenger could secure
himself firmly in his seat, and this was almost unavoid-
able on landing, or he could move along by means of a
little rail and rod to a locker at the stem of the machine,
where his personal luggage, his wraps and restoratives
were placed, and which also with the seats, served as a
makeweight to the parts of the central engine that pro-
jected to the propeller at the stern.

  The engine was very simple in appearance. Asano,
pointing out the parts of this apparatus to him, told
him that, like the gas-engine of Victorian days, it was
of the explosive type, burning a small drop of a sub-
stance called “fomile" at each stroke. It consisted simply
of reservoir and piston about the long fluted crank of
the propeller shaft. So much Graham saw of the machine.

  The flying stage about him was empty save for Asano
and their suite of attendants. Directed by the aeronaut
he placed himself in his seat. He then drank a mixture
containing ergot—a dose, he learnt, invariably adminis-
tered to those about to fly, and designed to counteract
the possible effect of diminished air pressure upon the
system. Having done so, he declared himself ready for
the journey. Asano took the empty glass from him,
stepped through the bars of the hull, and stood below
on the stage and waved his hand. Suddenly he seemed
to glide along the stage to the right and vanish.

  The engine was beating, the propeller spinning, and
for a second the stage and the buildings beyond were
gliding swiftly and horizontally past Graham’s eye; then
these things seemed to tilt up abruptly. He gripped
the little rods on either side of him instinctively. He
felt himself moving upward, heard the air whistle over
the top of the wind screen. The propeller screw moved
round with powerful rhythmic impulses—one, two,
three, pause; one, two, three—which the engineer con-
trolled very delicately. The machine began a quivering
vibration that continued throughout the flight, and the
roof areas seemed running away to starboard very quickly
and growing rapidly smaller. He looked from the face of
the engineer through the ribs of the machine. Looking
sideways, there was nothing very startling in what he saw
—a rapid funicular railway might have given the same
sensations. He recognised the Council House and the
Highgate Ridge. And then he looked straight down
between his feet.

  For a moment physical terror possessed him, a pas-
sionate sense of insecurity. He held tight. For a sec-
ond or so he could not lift his eyes. Some hundred
feet or more sheer below him was one of the big wind-
vanes of south-west London, and beyond it the south-
ernmost flying stage crowded with little black dots. These
things seemed to be falling away from him. For a sec-
ond he had an impulse to pursue the earth. He set his
teeth, he lifted his eyes by a muscular effort, and the
moment of panic passed.

  He remained for a space with his teeth set hard, his
eyes staring into the sky. Throb, throb, throb—beat,
100	AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

went the engine; throb, throb, throb,—beat. He gripped
his bars tightly, glanced at the aeronaut, and saw a smile
upon his sun-tanned face. He smiled in return—perhaps
a little artificially. “A little strange at first," he shouted
before he recalled his dignity. But he dared not look
down again for some time. He stared over the aeronaut's
head to where a rim of vague blue horizon crept up the
sky. For a little while he could not banish the thought
of possible accidents from his mind. Throb, throb, throb
—beat; suppose some trivial screw went wrong in that
supporting engine! Suppose—! He made a grim effort
to dismiss all such suppositions. After a while they did
at least abandon the foreground of his thoughts. And
up he went steadily, higher and higher into the clear
air.

  Once the mental shock of moving unsupported through
the air was over, his sensations ceased to be unpleasant,
became very speedily pleasurable. He had been warned
of air sickness. But he found the pulsating movement
of the aeropile as it drove up the faint south-west breeze
was very little in excess of the pitching of a boat head on
to broad rollers in a moderate gale, and he was constitu-
tionally a good sailor. And the keenness of the more
rarefied air into which they ascended produced a sense of
lightness and exhilaration. He looked up and saw the
blue sky above fretted with cirrus clouds. His eye came
cautiously down through the ribs and bars to a shining
flight of white birds that hung in the lower sky. For a
space he watched these. Then going lower and less appre-
hensively, he saw the slender figure of the Wind-Vane
keeper’s crow’s nest shining golden in the sunlight and
growing smaller every moment. As his eye fell with
more confidence now, there came a blue line of hills, and
then London, already to leeward, an intricate space of
roofing. Its near edge came sharp and clear and ban-
ished his last apprehensions in a shock of surprise. For
the boundary of London was like a wall, like a cliff, a
steep fall of three or four hundred feet, a frontage broken
only by terraces here and there, a complex decorative
facade.

  That gradual passage of town into country through
an extensive sponge of suburbs, which was so character-
istic a feature of the great cities of the nineteenth
century, existed no longer. Nothing remained of it but
a waste of ruins here, variegated and dense with thickets
of the heterogeneous growths that had once adorned
the gardens of the belt, interspersed among levelled brown
patches of sown ground, and verdant stretches of winter
greens. The latter even spread among the vestiges of
houses. But for the most part the reefs and skerries of
ruins, the wreckage of suburban villas, stood among
their streets and roads, queer islands amidst the levelled
expanses of green and brown, abandoned indeed by the
inhabitants years since, but too substantial, it seemed, to
be cleared out of the way of the wholesale horticultural
mechanisms of the time.

  The vegetation of this waste undulated and frothed
amidst the countless cells of crumbling house walls, and
broke along the foot of the city wall in a surf of bramble
and holly and ivy and teazle and tall grasses. Here and
there gaudy pleasure palaces towered amidst the puny
remains of Victorian times, and cable ways slanted to
them from the city. That winter day they seemed de-
serted. Deserted, too, were the artificial gardens among
the ruins. The city limits were indeed as sharply de-
fined as in the ancient days when the gates were shut at
nightfall and the robber foeman prowled to the very
walls. A huge semi-circular throat poured out a vigorous
traffic upon the Eadhamite Bath Road. So the first pros-
pect of the world beyond the city flashed on Graham, and
dwindled. And when at last he could look vertically
downward again, he saw below him the vegetable fields
of the Thames valley—innumerable minute oblongs of

ruddy brown, intersected by shining threads, the sewage
ditches.	,

HIS exhilaration increased rapidly, became a sort of
intoxication. He found himself drawing deep
breaths of air, laughing aloud, desiring to shout. After
a time that desire became too strong for him, and he
shouted.

  The machine had now risen as high as was customary
with aeropiles, and they began to curve about towards the
south. Steering, Graham perceived, was effected by the
opening or closing of one or two thin strips of membrane
in one or other of the otherwise rigid wings, and by the
movement of the whole engine backward or forward
along its supports. The aeronaut set the engine gliding
slowly forward along its rail and opened the valve of the
leeward wing until the stem of the aeropile was hori-
zontal and pointing southward. And in that direction
they drove with a slight list to leeward, and with a slow
alternation of movement, first a short, sharp ascent and
then a long downward glide that was very swift and
pleasing. During these downward glides the propeller
was inactive altogether. These ascents gave Graham a
glorious sense of successful effort; the descents through
the rarefied air were beyond all experience. He wanted
never to leave the upper air again.

  For a time he was intent upon the minute details of
the landscape that ran swiftly northward beneath him.
Its minute, clear detail pleased him exceedingly. He was
impressed by the ruin of the houses that had once dotted
the country, by the vast treeless expanse of country from
which all farms and villages had gone, save for crumbling
ruins. He had known the thing was so, but seeing it so
was an altogether different matter. He tried to make
out places he had known within the hollow basin of the
world below, but at first he could distinguish no data that
the Thames valley was left behind. Soon, however, they
were driving over a sharp chalk hill that he recognized
as the Guildford Hog’s Back, because of the familiar out-
line of the gorge at its eastward end, and because of the
ruins of the town that rose steeply on either lip of this
gorge. And from that he made out other points, Leith
Hill, the sandy wastes of Aldershot, and so forth. The
Downs escarpment was set with gigantic slow-moving
wind-wheels. Save where the broad Eadhamite Ports-
mouth Road, thickly dotted with rushing shapes, followed
the course of the old railway, the gorge of the Wey was
choked with thickets.

  The whole expanse of the Downs escarpment, so far
as the grey haze permitted him to see, was set with wind-
wheels to which the largest of the city was but a younger
brother. They stirred with a stately motion before the
south-west wind. And here and there were patches dotted
with the sheep of the British Food Trust, and here and
there a mounted shepherd made a spot of black. Then
rushing under the stern of the aeropile came the Wealden
Heights, the line of Hindhead, Pitch Hill, and Leith Hill,
with a second row of wind-wheels that seemed striving
to rob the downland whirlers of their share of breeze.
The purple heather was speckled with yellow gorse, and
on the further side a drove of black oxen stampeded be-
fore a couple of mounted men. Swiftly these swept be-
hind, and dwindled and lost color, and became scarce mov-
ing specks that were swallowed up in haze.

  And when these had vanished in the distance Graham
heard a peewit wailing close at hand. He perceived he
was now above the South Downs, and staring over his
shoulder saw the battlements of Portsmouth Landing
Stage towering over the ridge of Portsdown Hill. In
another moment there came into sight a spread of ship-
ping like floating cities, the little white cliffs of the
Needles dwarfed and sunlit, and the grey and glittering
waters of the narrow sea. They seemed to leap the
Solent in a moment, and in a few seconds the Isle of
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

101

Wight was running past, and then beneath him spread
a wider and wider extent of sea, here purple with the
shadow of a cloud, here grey, here a burnished mirror,
and here a spread of cloudy greenish blue. The Isle of
Wight grew smaller and smaller. In a few more minutes
a strip of grey haze detached itself from other strips
that were clouds, descended out of the sky and became a
coastline—sunlit and pleasant—the coast of northern
France. It rose, it took color, became definite and de-
tailed, and the counterpart of the Downland of England
was speeding by below.

  In a little time, as it seemed, Paris came above the
horizon, and hung there for a space, and sank out of
sight again as the aeroplane circled about to the north
again. But he perceived the Eiffel Tower still standing,
and beside it a huge dome surmounted by a pin-point
Colossus. And he perceived, too, though he did not un-
derstand it at the time, a slanting drift of smoke. The
aeronaut said something about “trouble in the under-
ways,” that Graham did not heed at the time. But he
marked the minarets and towers and slender masses that
streamed skyward above the city wind-vanes, and knew
that in the matter of grace at least Paris still kept in
front of her larger rival. And even as he looked a pale
blue shape ascended very swiftly from the city like a
dead leaf driving up before a gale. It curved round and
soared towards them growing rapidly larger and larger.
The aeronaut was saying something. "What?” said
Graham, loth to take his eyes from this. “Aeroplane,
Sire,” bawled the aeronaut pointing.

  They rose and curved about northward as it drew
nearer. Nearer it came and nearer, larger and larger.
The throb, throb, throb—beat, of the aeropile’s flight,
that had seemed so potent and swift, suddenly appeared
slow by comparison with this tremendous rush. How
great the monster seemed, how swift and ready! It
passed quite closely beneath them, driving along silently,
a vast spread of wire-netting translucent wings, a thing
alive. Graham had a momentary glimpse of the rows and
rows of wrapped-up passengers, slung in their little
cradles behind wind-screens, of a white-clothed engineer
crawling against the gale along a ladder way, of spouting
engines beating together, of the whirling wind screw,
and of a wide waste of wing. He exulted in the sight.
And in an instant the thing had passed.

  It rose slightly and their own little wings swayed in the
rush of its flight. It fell and grew smaller. Scarcely
had they moved, as it seemed, before it was again only
a flat blue thing that dwindled in the sky. This was the
aeroplane that went to and fro between London and
Paris. In fair weather and in peaceful times it came and
went four times a day.

  They beat across the Channel, slowly as it seemed now,
to Graham’s enlarged ideas, and Beachy Head rose
greyly to the left of them.

  "Land,” called the aeronaut, his voice small against the
whistling of the air over the wind-screen.

  “Not yet,” bawled Graham, laughing. “Not land yet. I
want to learn more of this machine.”

  “I meant—” said the aeronaut.

  “I want to learn more of this machine,” repeated
Graham.

  “I’m coming to you," he said, and had flung himself
free of his chair and taken a step along the guarded rail
between them. He stopped for a moment, and his color
changed and his hands tightened. Another step and he
was clinging close to the aeronaut. He felt a weight on
his shoulder, the pressure of the air. His hat was a
whirling speck behind. The wind came in gusts over his
wind-screen and blew his hair in streamers past his cheek.
The aeronaut made some hasty adjustments for the
shifting of the centres of gravity and pressure.

  "I want to have these things explained,” said Graham.
"What do you do when you move that engine forward?”

  The aeronaut hesitated. Then he answered, “They are
complex, Sire.”

  “I don't mind,” shouted Graham. "I don’t mind.”
There was a moment’s pause. "Aeronautics is the se-
cret—the privilege—”

  “I know. But I’m the Master, and I mean to know.”
He laughed, full of this novel realization of power that
was his gift from the upper air.

  The aeropile curved about, and the keen fresh wind
cut across Graham’s face and his garment lugged at his
body as the stem pointed round to the west. The two
men looked into each other’s eyes.

  “Sire, there are rules—”

  “Not where I am concerned,” said Graham. “You seem
to forget.”

  The aeronaut scrutinized his face. “No,” he said. “I
do not forget, Sire. But in all the earth—no man who is
not a sworn aeronaut—has ever a chance. They come as
passengers—”

  “I have heard something of the sort. But I'm not
going to argue these points. Do you know why I have
slept two hundred years? To fly!”

  “Sire,” said the aeronaut, “the rules—if I break the
rules—”

  Graham waved the penalties aside.

  “Then if you will watch me—”

  “No,” said Graham, swaying and gripping tight as the
machine lifted its nose again for an ascent. “That’s not
my game. I want to do it myself. Do it myself if I
smash for it! No! I will. See. I am going to clamber
by this—to come and share your seat. Steady! I mean
to fly of my own accord if I smash at the end of it. I
will have something to pay for my sleep. Of all other
things—. In my past it was my dream to fly. Now—
keep your balance.”

  “A dozen spies are watching me, Sire!”

  Graham’s temper was at an end. Perhaps he chose it
should be. He swore. He swung himself round the
intervening mass of levers and the aeropile swayed.

  “Am I Master of the earth?” he said. “Or is your
Society? No. Take your hands off those levers and
hold my wrists. Yes—so. And now, how do we turn
her nose down to the glide?”

  “Sire,” said the aeronaut.

  “What is it?”

  “You will protect me?”

  “Lord! Yes! If I have to burn London. Now!”

  And with that promise Graham bought his first lesson
in aerial navigation. “It’s clearly to your advantage,
this journey,” he said with a loud laugh—for the air
was like strong wine—“to teach me quickly and well. Do
I pull this? Ah! So! Hullo!”

  “Back, Sire! Back!”

 “Back—right. One—two—three—good God! Ah!
Up she goes! But this is living!”

  And now the machine began to dance the strangest
figures in the air. Now it would sweep round a spiral of
scarcely a hundred yards in diameter, now it would rush
up into the air and swoop down again, steeply, swiftly,
falling like a hawk, to recover in a rushing loop that
swept it high again. In one of these descents it seemed
driving straight at the drifting park of balloons in the
southeast, and only curved about and cleared them by
a sudden recovery of dexterity. The extraordinary swift-
ness and smoothness of the motion, the extraordinary
effect of the rarefied air upon his constitution, threw
Graham into a careless fury.

  But at last a queer incident came to sober him, to
send him flying down once more to the crowded life
below with all its dark insoluble riddles. As he swooped,
came a tap and something flying past, and a drop like a
drop of rain. Then as he went on down he saw some-
thing like a white rag whirling down in his wake. “What
was that?” he asked. “I did not see.”
102

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  The aeronaut glanced, and then clutched at the lever
to recover, for they were sweeping down. When the
aeropile was rising again he drew a deep breath and
replied. “That,” and he indicated the white thing still
fluttering down, “was a swan."

  “1 never saw it,” said Graham.

  The aeronaut made no answer, and Graham saw little
drops upon his forehead.

  They drove horizontally while Graham clambered back
to the passenger’s place out of the lash of the wind.
And then came a swift rush down, with the wind-screw
whirling to check their fall, and the flying stage growing
broad and dark before them. The sun, sinking over the
chalk hills in the west, fell with them, and left the sky a
blaze of gold.

  Soon men could be seen as little specks. He heard a
noise coming up to meet him, a noise like the sound of
waves upon a pebbly beach, and saw that the roofs about
the flying stage were dark with his people rejoicing over
his safe return. A dark mass was crushed together
under the stage, a darkness stippled with innumerable
faces, and quivering with the minute oscillation of waved
white handkerchiefs and waving hands.

CHAPTER XVII

Three Days

LINCOLN awaited Graham in an apartment beneath
the flying stages. He seemed curious to learn all
that had happened, pleased to hear of the extraor-
dinary delight and interest which Graham took in flying.
Graham was in a mood of enthusiasm. "I must learn to
fly,” he cried. “I must master that. I pity all poor
souls who have died without this opportunity. The sweet
swift air! It is the most wonderful experience in the
world.”

  “You will find our new times full of wonderful expe-
riences,” said Lincoln. “I do not know what you will
care to do now. We have music that may seem novel.”
“For the present,” said Graham, “flying holds me. Let
me learn more of that. Your aeronaut was saying there
is some trades union objection to one’s learning.”

  "There is, I believe,” said Lincoln. “But for you—!
If you would like to occupy yourself with that, we can
make you a sworn aeronaut tomorrow.”

  Graham expressed his wishes vividly and talked of his
sensations for a while. "And as for affairs,” he asked
abruptly. “How are things going on?”

  Lincoln waved affairs aside. “Ostrog will tell you
that tomorrow,” he said. “Everything is settling down.
The Revolution accomplishes itself all over the world.
Friction is inevitable here and there, of course; but your
rule is assured. You may rest secure with things in
Ostrog’s hands.”

  “Would it be possible for me to be made a sworn
aeronaut, as you call it, forthwith—before I sleep?” said
Graham, pacing. “Then I could be at it the very first
thing tomorrow again. ...”

  “It would be possible,” said Lincoln thoughtfully.
“Quite possible. Indeed, it shall be done.” He laughed.
“I came prepared to suggest amusements, but you have
found one for yourself. I will telephone to the aeronauti-
cal offices from here and we will return to your apart-
ments in the Wind-Vane Control. By the time you have
dined the aeronauts will be able to come. You don’t think
that after you have dined, you might prefer—?” He
paused.

  "Yes,” said Graham.

  “We have prepared a show of dancers—they have been
brought from the Capri theatre.”

  "I hate ballets,” said Graham shortly. “Always did.
That other—. That’s not what I want to see. We had
dancers in the old days. For the matter of that they
had them in ancient Egypt. But flying—”

  “True,” said Lincoln. “Though our dancers—”

  “They can afford to wait,” said Graham; “they can
afford to wait. I know. I’m not a Latin. There’s
questions I want to ask some expert—about your machin-
ery. I’m keen. I want no distractions.”

  “You have the world to choose from," said Lincoln,
“whatever you want is yours.”

  Asano appeared, and under the escort of a strong
guard they returned through the city streets to Gra-
ham’s apartments. Far larger crowds had assembled to
witness his return than his departure had gathered, and
the shouts and cheering of these masses of people some-
times drowned Lincoln’s answers to the endless questions
Graham’s aerial journey had suggested. At first Graham
had acknowledged the cheering and cries of the crowd by
bows and gestures, but Lincoln warned him that such a
recognition would be considered incorrect behavior. Gra-
ham, already a little wearied by rhythmic civilities, ig-
nored his subjects for the remainder of his public prog-
ress.

  Directly they arrived at his apartments Asano de-
parted in search of kinematographic renderings of mach-
inery in motion, and Lincoln despatched Graham’s com-
mands for models of machines and small machines to il-
lustrate the various mechanical advances of the last two
centuries. The little group of appliances for telegraphic
communication attracted the Master so strongly that his
delightfully prepared dinner, served by a number of
charmingly dexterous girls, waited for a space. The
habit of smoking had almost ceased from the face of the
earth, but when he expressed a wish for that indulgence,
inquiries were made and some excellent cigars were dis-
covered in Florida, and sent to him by pneumatic des-
patch while the dinner was still in progress. After-
wards came the aeronauts, and a feast of ingenious won-
ders in the hands of a latter-day engineer. For the time,
at any rate, the neat dexterity of counting and number-
ing machines, building machines, spinning engines, patent
doorways, explosive motors, grain and water elevators,
slaughter-house machines and harvesting appliances, was
more fascinating to Graham than any bayadere. “We
were savages,” was his refrain, “we were savages. We
were in the stone age—compared with this.... And what
else have you?”

  There came also practical psychologists with some
very interesting developments in the art of hypnotism.
The names of Milne Bramwell, Fechner, Liebault, William
James, Myers and Gurney, he found, bore a value now
that would have astonished their contemporaries. Sev-
eral practical applications of psychology were now in gen-
eral use; it had largely superseded drugs, antiseptics and
anaesthetics in medicine; was employed by almost all who
had any need of mental concentration. A real enlarge-
ment of human faculty seemed to have been effected in
this direction. The feats of “calculating boys,” the won-
ders, as Graham had been wont to regard them, of mes-
merizes, were now within the range of anyone who
could afford the services of a skilled hypnotist. Long
ago the old examination methods in education had been
destroyed by these expedients. Instead of years of study,
candidates had substituted a few -?eeks of trances, and
during the trances expert coaches had simply to repeat
all the points necessary for adequate answering, adding
a suggestion of the post hypnotic recollection of these
points. In process mathematics particularly, this Sid had
been of singular service, and it was now invariably in-
voked by such players of chess and games of manual
dexterity as were still to be found. In fact, all operations
conducted under finite rules, of a quasi-mechanical sort,
that is, were now systematically relieved from the wan-
derings of imagination and emotion, and brought to an
unexampled pitch of accuracy. Little children of the
laboring classes, so soon as they were of sufficient age
to be hypnotized, were thus converted into beautifully
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

103

punctual and trustworthy machine minders, and released
forthwith from the long, long thoughts of youth. Aero-
nautical pupils, who gave way to giddiness, could be re-
lieved from their imaginary terrors. In every street
were hypnotists ready to print permanent memories upon
the mind. If anyone desired to remember a name, a series
of numbers, a song or a speech, it^ could be done by this
method, and conversely memories could be effaced, habits
removed, and desires eradicated—a sort of psychic sur-
gery was, in fact, in general use. Indignities, humbling
experiences, were thus forgotten, amorous widows would
obliterate their previous husbands, angry lovers release
themselves from their slavery. To graft desires, how-
ever, was still impossible, and the facts of thought trans-
ference were yet unsystematized. The psychologists il-
lustrated their expositions with some astounding experi-
ments in mnemonics made through the agency of a troupe
of pale-faced children in blue.

  Graham, like most of the people of his former time,
distrusted the hypnotist, or he might then and there have
eased his mind of many painful preoccupations. But in
spite of Lincoln's assurances, he held to the old theory
that to be hypnotized was in some way the surrender of
his personality, the abdication of his will. At the ban-
quet of wonderful experiences that were beginning, he
wanted very keenly to remain absolutely himself.

THE next day, and another day, and yet another day
passed in such interests as these. Each day Graham
spent many hours in the glorious entertainment of (lying.
On the third day he soared across middle France, and
within sight of the snow-clad Alps. These vigorous
exercises gave him restful sleep, and each day saw a
great stride in his health from the spiritless anaemia of
his first awakening. And whenever he was not in the
air, and awake, Lincoln was assiduous in the cause of his
amusement; all that was novel and curious in contempo-
rary invention was brought to him, until at last his
appetite for novelty was well-nigh glutted. One might
fill a dozen inconsecutive volumes with the strange things
they exhibited. Each afternoon he held his court for an
hour or so. He speedily found his interest in his contem-
poraries becoming personal and intimate. At first he had
been alert chiefly for unfamiliarity and peculiarity; any
floppishness in their dress, any discordance with his pre-
conceptions of nobility in their status and manners had
jarred upon him, and it was remarkable to him how soon
that strangeness and the faint hostility that arose from
it, disappeared; how soon he came to appreciate the true
perspective of his position, and see the old Victorian days
remote and quaint. He found himself particularly amused
by the red-haired daughter of the Manager of the Euro-
pean Piggeries. On the second day after dinner he made
the acquaintance of a latter-day dancing girl, and found
her an astonishing artist. And after that, more hypnotic
wonders. On the third day Lincoln was moved to sug-
gest that the Master should repair to a Pleasure City,
but this Graham declined, nor would he accept the services
of the hypnotists in his aeronautical experiments. The
link of locality held him to London; he found a perpetual
wonder in topographical identifications that he would
have missed abroad. "Here—or a hundred feet below
here,” he could say, "I used to eat my midday cutlets
during my London University days. Underneath here
was Waterloo and the perpetual hunt for confusing trains.
Often have I stood waiting down there, bag in hand, and
stared up into the sky above the forest of signals, little
thinking I should walk some day a hundred yards in the
air. And now in that very sky that was once a grey
smoke canopy, I circle in an aeropile.”

  During those three days Graham was so occupied with
such distractions that the vast political movements in
progress outside his quarters had but a small share of
his attention. Those about him told him little. Daily

came Ostrog, the Boss, his Grand Visier, his mayor of
the palace, to report in vague terms the steady establish-
ment of his rule; "a little trouble” soon to be settled in
this city, “a slight disturbance" in that. The song of the
social revolt came to him no more; he never learned that
it had been forbidden in the municipal limits; and all
the great emotions of the crow’s nest slumbered in his
mind.

  But on the second and third of the three days he found
himself, in spite of his interest in the daughter of the
Pig Manager, or it may be by reason of the thoughts her
conversation suggested, remembering the girl Helen Wot-
ton, who had spoken to him so oddly at the Wind-Vane
Keeper’s gathering. The impression she had made was a
deep one, albeit the incessant surprise of novel circum-
stances had kept him from brooding upon it for a space.
But now her memory was coming to its own. He won-
dered what she had meant by those broken half-forgotten
sentences; the picture of her eyes and the earnest passion'
of her face became more vivid as his mechanical inter-
ests faded. Her beauty came compellingly between him
and certain immediate temptations of ignoble passion.
But he did not see her again until three full days were
past.

CHAPTER XVIII

Graham Remembers

SHE came upon him at last in a little gallery that
ran from the Wind-Vane Offices toward his state
apartments. The gallery was long and narrow, with
a series of recesses, each with an arched fenestration that
looked upon a court of palms. He came upon her sud-
denly in one of these recesses. She was seated. She
turned her head at the sound of his footsteps and started
at the sight of him. Every touch of color vanished from
her face. She rose instantly, made a step toward him as
if to address him, and hesitated. He stopped and stood
still, expectant. Then he perceived that a nervous tumult
silenced her, perceived, too, that she must have sought
speech with him to be waiting for him in this place.

  He felt a regal impulse to assist her. “I have wanted
to see you," he said. “A few days ago you wanted to
tell me something—you wanted to tell me of the people.
What was it you had to tell me?”

  She looked at him with troubled eyes.

  "You said the people were unhappy?”

  For a moment she was silent still.

  "It must have seemed strange to you,” she said
abruptly
“It did. And yet—”

  “It was an impulse.”

  “Well?”

  “That is all.”

  She looked at him with a face of hesitation. She
spoke with an effort. "You forget,” she said, drawing a
deep breath.

  "What?”

  “The people—”

  "Do you mean—?”

  “You forget the people.”

  He looked interrogative.

  “Yes. I know you are surprised. For you do not
understand what you are. You do not know the things
that are happening.”

  “Well?”

  "You do not understand.”

  "Not clearly, perhaps. But—tell me.”

  She turned to him with sudden resolution. "It is so
hard to explain. I have meant to, I have wanted to.
And now—I cannot. I am not ready with words. But
about you—there is something. It is Wonder. Your
sleep—your awakening. These things are miracles. To
me at least—and to all the common people. You vho
104

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

lived and suffered and died, you who were a common
citizen, wake again, live again, to find yourself Master
almost of the earth.”

  “Master of the earth,” he said. “So they tell me. But
try and imagine how little I know of it.” ,

  “Cities—Trusts—the Labor Company—”
“Principalities, powers, dominions—the power and the
glory. Yes, I have heard them shout. I know. I am
Master. King, if you wish. With Ostrog, the Boss—”
He paused.

  She turned upon him and surveyed his face with a
curious scrutiny. “Well?”

  He smiled. “To take the responsibility.”

  "That is what we have begun to fear.” For a moment
she said no more. “No,” she said slowly. "You will
take the responsibility. You will take the responsibility.
The people look to you.”

  She spoke softly. “Listen! For at least half the years
of your sleep—in every generation—multitudes of people,
in every generation greater multitudes of people, have
prayed that you might awake—prayed."

  Graham moved to speak and did not.

  She hesitated, and a faint color crept back to her
cheek. “Do you know that you have been to myriads—
King Arthur, Barbarossa—the King who would come in
his own good time and put the world right for them?”

  “I suppose the imagination of the people—”

  “Have you not heard our proverb, ‘When the Sleeper
wakes?’ While you lay insensible and motionless there—
thousands came. Thousands. Every first of the month
you lay in state with a white robe upon you and the
people filed by you. When I was a little girl I saw you
like that, with your face white and calm.”

  She turned her face from him and looked steadfastly
at the painted wall before her. Her voice fell. “When
I was a little girl I used to look at your face. ... it seemed
to me fixed and waiting, like the patience of God.

  “That is what we thought of you,” she said. “That is
how you seemed to us.”

  She turned shining eyes to him, her voice was clear
and strong. “In the city, in the earth, a myriad myriad
men and women are waiting to see What you will do,
full of strange incredible expectations.”

  “Yes?”

  "Ostrog—no one—can take that responsibility."
Graham looked at her in surprise, at her face lit with
emotion. She seemed at first to have spoken with an
effort, and to have fired herself by speaking.

  “Do you think," she said, “that you who have lived
that little life so far away in the past, you who have
fallen into and risen out of this miracle of sleep—do you
think that the wonder and reverence and hope of half the
world has gathered about you only that you may live
another little life? . . . That you may shift the responsi-
bility to any other man?”

  “I know how great this kingship of mine is,” he said
haltingly. “I know how great it seems. But is it real?
It is incredible—dreamlike. Is it real, or is it only a
great delusion?”

  “It is real,” she said; “if you dare.”

  “After all, like all kingship, my kingship is Belief. It
is an illusion in the minds of men.”

  “If you dare!” she said.

 “But—”

  “Countless men,” she said, “and while it is in their
minds—they will obey.”

  “But I know nothing. That is what I had in mind. I
know nothing. And these others—the Councillors. Ostrog.
They are wiser, cooler, they know so much, every detail.
And, indeed, what are these miseries of which you
speak? What am I to know? Do you mean—”

  He stopped blankly.

  “I am still hardly more than a girl,” she said. “But
to me the world seems full of wretchedness. The world

has altered since your day, altered very strangely. I
have prayed that I might see you and tell you these
things. The world has changed. As if a canker had
seized it—and robbed life of—everything worth having.”

SHE turned a flushed face upon him, moving suddenly.
“Your days were the days of freedom. Yes—I have
thought. I have been made to think, for my life—has not
been happy. Men are no longer free—no greater, no
better than the men of your time. That is not all. This
city—is a prison. Every city now is a prison. Mammon
grips the key in his hand. Myriads, countless myriads,
toil from the cradle to the grave. Is that right? Is that
to be—for ever? Yes, far worse than in your time. All
about us, beneath us, sorrow and pain. All the shallow
delight of such life as you find about you, is separated by
just a little from a life of wretchedness beyond any
telling. Yes, the poor know it—they know they suffer.
These countless multitudes who faced death for you two
nights since—! You owe your life to them.”

  “Yes,” said Graham, slowly. “Yes, I owe my life to
them.”

  “You come,” she said, “from the days when this new
tyranny of the cities was scarcely beginning. It is a
tyranny—a tyranny. In your days the feudal war lords
had gone, and the new lordship of wealth had still to
come. Half the men in the world still lived out upon
the free countryside. The cities had still to devour them.
I have heard the stories out of the old books—there was
nobility! Common men led lives of love and faithfulness
then—they did a thousand things. And you—you come
from that time.”

  “It was not—. But never mind. How is it now—?”
“Gain and the Pleasure Cities! Or slavery — un-
thanked, unhonored, slavery.”

  “Slavery!” he said.

  “Slavery.”

  “You don’t mean to say that human beings are chat-
tels.”

  "Worse. That is what I want you to know, what I
want you to see. I know you do not know. They will
keep things from you, they will take you presently to a
Pleasure City. But you have noticed men and women
and children in pale blue canvas, with thin yellow faces
and dull eyes?”

  “Everywhere.”

  “Speaking a horrible dialect, coarse and weak.”

  “I have heard it.”

  “They are the slaves—your slaves. They are the slaves
of the Labor Company you own.”

  "The Labor Company! In some way—that is familiar.
Ah! now I remember. I saw it when I was wandering
about the city, after the lights returned, great fronts of
buildings colored pale blue. Do you really mean—”
“Yes. How can I explain it to you? Of course the
blue uniform struck you. Nearly a third of our people
wear it—more assume it now every day. This Labor
Company has grown imperceptibly.”

  “What is this Labor Company?” asked Graham.

  “In the old times, how did you manage with starving
people?”

  “There was the workhouse—which the parishes main-
tained.”

  “Workhouse! Yes—there was something. In our
history lessons. I remember now. The Labor Company
ousted the workhouse. It grew—partly—out of some-
thing—you, perhaps, may remember it—an emotional
religious organization called the Salvation Army—that
became a business company. In the first place it was
almost a charity. To save people from workhouse rigors.
Now I come to think of it, it was one of the earliest
properties your Trustees acquired. They bought the
Salvation Army and reconstructed it as this. The idea
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

105

in the first place was to give work to starving homeless
people.”

  "Yes.”

  "Nowadays there are no workhouses, no refuges and
charities, nothing but that Company. Its offices are
everywhere. That blue is its color. And any man,
woman or child who comes to be hungry and weary and
with neither home nor friend nor resort, must go to the
Company in the end—or seek some way of death. The
Euthanasy is beyond their means—for the poor there is
no easy death. And at any hour in the day or night
there is food, shelter and a blue uniform for all comers
—that is the first condition of the Company’s incorpo-
ration—and in return for a day's shelter the Company
extracts a day’s work, and then returns the visitor’s
proper clothing and sends him or her out again.”

  “Yes?”

  “Perhaps that does not seem so terrible to you. In
your days men starved in your streets. That was bad.
But they died—men. These people in blue—. The prov-
erb runs: ‘Blue canvas once and ever.’ The Company
trades in their labor, and it has taken care to assure itself
of the supply. People come to it starving and helpless
—they eat and sleep for a night and day, they work for
a day, and at the end of the day they go out again. If
they have worked well they have a penny or so—enough
for a theatre or a cheap dancing place, or a kinemato-
graph story, or a dinner or a bet. They wander about
after that is spent. Begging is prevented by the police
of the ways. Besides, no one gives. They come back
again the next day or the day after—brought back
by the same incapacity that brought them first. At last
their proper clothing wears out, or their rags get so
shabby that they are ashamed. Then they must work
for months to get fresh. If they want fresh. A great
number of children are born under the Company's care.
The mother owes them a month thereafter—the children
they cherish and educate until they are fourteen, and
they pay two years’ service. You may be sure these
children are educated for the blue canvas. And so it is
the Company works.”

  “And none are destitute in the city?”

  "None. They are either in blue canvas or in prison.”
  "If they will not work?”

  “Most people will work at that pitch, and the Com-
pany has powers. There are stages of unpleasantness
in the work—stoppage of food—and a man or woman
who has refused to work once is known by a thumb-
marking system in the Company’s offices all over the
world. Besides, who can leave the city poor? To go to
Paris costs two Lions. And for insubordination there are
the prisons—dark and miserable—out of sight below.
There are prisons now for many things.”

  “And a third of the people wear this blue canvas?”
"More than a third. Toilers, living without pride or
delight and hope, with the stories of Pleasure Cities
ringing in their ears, mocking their shameful lives, their
privations and hardships. Too poor even for the Euthan-
asy, the rich man’s refuge from life. Dumb, crippled
millions, countless millions, all the world about, ignorant
of anything but limitations and unsatisfied desires. They
are born, they are thwarted and they die. That is the
state to which we have come.”

  For a space Graham sat downcast.

  “But there has been a revolution,” he said. “All these
things will be changed. “Ostrog—”

  “That is our hope. That is the hope of the world.
But Ostrog will not do it. He is a politician. To him
it seems things must be like this. He does not mind.
He takes it for granted. All the rich, all the influen-
tial, all who are happy, come at last to take these mis-
eries for granted. They use the people in their politics,

they live in ease by their degradation. But you—you
who come from a happier age—it is to you the people
look. To you.”

  He looked at her face. Her eyes were bright with
unshed tears. He felt a rush of emotion For a moment
he forgot this city, he forgot the race, and all those
vague remote voices, in the immediate humanity of her
beauty.

  “But what am I to do?” he said with his eyes upon
her.

  “Rule,” she answered, bending towards him and speak-
ing in a low tone. “Rule the world as it has never been
ruled, for the good and happiness of men. For you might
rule it—you could rule it.

  “The people are stirring. All over the world the people
are stirring. It wants but a word—but a word from you
—to bring them all together. Even the middle sort of
people are restless—unhappy.

  “They are not telling you the things that are happen-
ing. The people will not go back to their drudgery—they
refuse to be disarmed. Ostrog has awakened something
greater than he dreamt of—he has awakened hopes.”

  His heart was beating fast. He tried to seem judi-
cial, to weigh considerations.

  "They only want their leader,” she said.

  "And then?”

“You could do what you would;—the world is yours.”
He sat, no longer regarding her. Presently he spoke.
"The old dreams, and the thing I have dreamt, liberty,
happiness. Are they dreams? Could one man—one man
—?” His voice sank and ceased.

  “Not one man, but all men—give them only a leader
to speak the desire of their hearts.”

  He shook his head, and for a time there was silence.
He looked up suddenly, and their eyes met. “I have
not your faith,” he said. “I have not your youth. I
am here with power that mocks me. No—let me speak.
I want to do—not right—I have not the strength for
that—but something rather right than wrong. It will
bring no millenium, but I am resolved now that I will
rule. What you have said has awakened me. . . .
You are right. Ostrog must know his place. And
I will learn—. .. . One thing I promise you. This Labor
slavery shall end.”

  "And you will rule?”

  “Yes. Provided—. There is one thing.”

  "Yes?”

  “That you will help me.”

  "I!—a girl!”

  “Yes. Does it not occur to you I am absolutely alone?”
She started and for an instant her eyes had pity.
"Need you ask whether I will help you?” she said.

  She stood before him, beautiful, worshipful, and her
enthusiasm and the greatness of their theme was like
a great gulf fixed between them. To touch her, to clasp
her hand, was a thing beyond hope. “Then I will rule
indeed,” he said slowly. “I will rule—’’ He paused.
“With you.”

  There came a tense silence, and then the beating of
a clock striking the hour. She made him no answer.
Graham rose.

  “Even now,” he said, “Ostrog will be waiting." He
hesitated, facing her. “When I have asked him certain
questions—. There is much I do not know. It may be
that I will go to see with my own eyes the things of
which you have spoken. And when I return—?”

  “I shall know of your going and coming. I will wait
for you here again.”

  He stood for a moment regarding her.

  “I knew,” she said, and stopped.

  He waited, but she said no more. They regarded one
another steadfastly, questioningly, and then he turned
from her towards the Wind-Vane office.
106

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

CHAPTER XIX

Ostrog’s Point of View

GRAHAM found Ostrog waiting to give a formal ac-
count of his day’s stewardship. On previous
occasions he had passed over this ceremony as
speedily as possible, in order to resume his aerial experi-
ences, but now he began to ask quick short questions. He
was very anxious to take up his empire forthwith. Ostrog
brought flattering reports of the development of affairs
abroad. In Paris and Berlin, Graham perceived that he
was saying, there had been trouble, not organized re-
sistance indeed, but insubordinate proceedings. "After
all these years,” said Ostrog, when Graham pressed in-
quiries; "the Commune has lifted its head again. That
is the real nature of the struggle, to be explicit.” But
order had been restored in these cities. Graham, the
more deliberately judicial for the stirring emotions he
felt, asked if there had been any fighting. "A little,”
said Ostrog. “In one quarter only. But the Senegalese
division of our African agricultural police—the Consoli-
dated African Companies have a very well drilled police
—was ready, and so were the aeroplanes. We expected
a little trouble in the continental cities, and in America.

But things are very quiet in America. They are satis-
fied with the overthrow of the Council. For the time.”

  "Why should you expect trouble?” asked Graham
abruptly.

  “There is a lot of discontent—social discontent."

  "The Labor Company?”

  "You are learning,” said Ostrog with a touch of sur-
prise. “Yes. It is chiefly the discontent with the Labor
Company. It was that discontent supplied the motive
force of this overthrow—that and vour awakening."

  "Yes?”

  Ostrog smiled. He became explicit. “We had to stir
up their discontent, we had to revive the old ideals of
universal happiness—all men equal—all men happy—no
luxury that everyone may not share—ideas that have
slumbered for two hundred years. You know that? We
had to revive these ideals, impossible as they are—in
order to overthrow the Council. And now—”

  "Well?”

  “Our revolution is accomplished, and the Council is
overthrown, and people whom we have stirred up—re-
main surging. There was scarcely enough fighting . . .
We made promises, of course. It is extraordinary how
violently and rapidly this vague out-of-date humanita-
rianism has revived and spread. We who sowed the seed
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

107

even, have been astonished. In Paris, as I say—we have
had to call in a little external help."

  “And here?”

  "There is trouble. Multitudes will not go back to
work. There is a general strike. Half the factories
are empty and the people are swarming in the Ways.
They are talking of a Commune. Men in silk and satin
have been insulted in the streets. The blue canvas is
expecting all sorts of things from you. . . . Of course
there is no need for you to trouble. We are setting the
Babble Machines to work with counter suggestions in
the cause of law and order. We must keep the grip
tight; that is all.”

  Graham thought. He perceived a way of asserting
himself. But he spoke with restraint.

  "Even to the pitch of bringing a negro police,” he
said.

  “They are useful,” said Ostrog. “They are fine loyal
brutes, with no wash of ideas in their heads—such as
our rabble has. The Council should have had them as
police of the Ways, and things might have been different.
Of course, there is nothing to fear except rioting and
wreckage. You can manage your own wings now, and
you can soar away to Capri if there is any smoke or fuss.
We have the pull of all the great things; the aeronauts
are privileged and rich, the closest trades union in the
world, and so are the engineers of the wind vanes. We
have the air, and the mastery of the air is the mastery
of the earth. No one of any ability is organizing against
us. They have no leaders—only the sectional leaders of
the secret society we organized before your very oppor-
tune awakening. Mere busybodies and sentimentalists
they are and bitterly jealous of each other. None of them
is man enough for a central figure. The only trouble will
be a disorganized upheaval. To be frank—that may hap-
pen. But it won’t interrupt your aeronautics. The days
when the People could make revolutions are past.”

  “I suppose they are,” said Graham. “I suppose they
are.” He mused. “This world of yours has been full
of surprises to me. In the old days we dreamt of a
wonderful democratic life, of a time when all men would
be equal and happy.”

  Ostrog looked at him steadfastly. “The day of de-
mocracy is past,” he said. “Past for ever. That day
began with the bowmen of Crecy, it ended when marching
infantry, when common men in masses ceased to win
the battles of the world, when costly cannon, great iron-
clads, and strategic railways became the means of power.
Today is the day of wealth. Wealth now is power as it
never was power before—it commands earth and sea and
sky. All power is for those who can handle wealth. . . .
You must accept facts, and these are facts. The world
for the Crowd! The Crowd as Ruler! Even in your
days that creed has been tried and condemned. Today
it has only one believer—a multiplex, silly one—the man
in the Crowd.”

  Graham did not answer immediately. He stood lost
in sombre preoccupations.

  "No,” said Ostrog. "The day of the common man is
past. On the open countryside one man is as good as
another, or nearly as good. The earlier aristocracy had
a precarious tenure of strength and audacity. They
were tempered—tempered. There were insurrections,
duels, riots. The first real aristocracy, the first perma-
nent aristocracy, came in with castles and armor, and
vanished before the musket and bow. But this is the
second aristocracy. The real one. Those days of gun-
powder and democracy were only an eddy in the stream.
The common man now is a helpless unit. In these days
we have this great machine of the city, and an organiza-
tion complex beyond his understanding.”

  “Yet,” said Graham, “there is something resists, some-
thing you are holding down—something that stirs and
presses.”

  “You will see,” said Ostrog, with a forced smile that
would brush these difficult questions aside. “I have not
roused the force to destroy myself—trust me.”

  “I wonder,” said Graham.

  Ostrog stared.

  "Must the world go this way?” said Graham, with his
emotions at the speaking point. "Must it indeed go in
this way? Have all our hopes been vain?”

  “What do you mean?” said Ostrog. “Hopes?”

  “I came from a democratic age. And I find an aristo-
cratic tyranny!”

  “Well,—but you are the chief tyrant.”

  Graham shook his head.

  “Well,” said Ostrog, “take the general question. It
is the way that change has always travelled. Aristoc-
racy, the prevalence of the best—the suffering and ex-
tinction of the unfit, and so to better things."

  “But aristocracy! those people I met—”

  "Oh! not those!" said Ostrog. “But for the most part
they go to their death. Vice and pleasure! They have
no children. That sert of stuff will die out. If the
world keeps to one road, that is, if there is no turning
back. An easy road to excess, convenient Euthanasia for
the pleasure seekers singed in the flame, that is the
way to improve the race!”

 "Pleasant extinction," said Graham. "Yet—He
thought for an instant. “There is that other thing—
the Crowd, the great mass of poor men. Will that die
out? That will not die out. And it suffers, its suffering
is a force that even you—”

  Ostrog moved impatiently, and when he spoke, he
spoke rather less evenly than before.

  “Don’t you trouble about these things,” he said.
"Everything will be settled in a few days now. The
Crowd is a huge foolish beast. What if it does not die
out? Even if it does not die, it can still be tamed and
driven. I have no sympathy with servile men. You
heard those people shouting and singing two nights ago.
They were taught that song. If you had taken any man
there in cold blood and asked why he shouted, he could
not have told you. They think they are shouting for you,
that they are loyal and devoted to you. Just then they
were ready to slaughter the Council. Today—they are
already murmuring against those who have overthrown
the Council.”

  “No, no,” said Graham. "They shouted because their
lives were dreary, without joy or pride, and because in
me—in me—they hoped.”

 “And what was their hope? What is their hope?
What right have they to hope? They work ill and they
want the reward of those who work well. The hope of
mankind—what is it? That some day the Over-man
may come, that some day the inferior, the weak and
the bestial may be subdued or eliminated. Subdued if
not eliminated. The world is no place for the bad. the
stupid, the enervated. Their duty—it’s a fine duty tool—
is to die. The death of the failure! That is the path
by which the beast rose to manhood, by which man goe3
on to higher things.”

OSTROG took a pace, seemed to think, and turned on
Graham. “I can imagine how this great world state
of ours seems to a Victorian Englishman. You regret
all the old forms of representative government—their
spectres still haunt the world, the voting councils and
parliaments and all that eighteenth century tomfoolery.
You feel moved against our Pleasure Cities. I might
have thought of that,—had I not been busy. But you
will learn better. The people are mad with envy—they
would be in sympathy with you. Even in the streets
now, they clamor to destroy the Pleasure Cities. But
the Pleasure Cities are the excretory organs of the State,
attractive places that year after year draw together all
that is weak and vicious, all that is lascivious and lazy,
108

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

all the easy roguery of the world, to a graceful destruc-
tion. They go there, they have their time, they die child-
less, all the pretty silly lascivious women die childless,
and mankind is the better. If the people were sane they
would not envy the rich their way of death. And you
would emancipate the silly brainless workers that we
have enslaved, and try to make their lives easy and
pleasant again. Just as they have sunk to what they
are fit for.” He smiled a smile that irritated Graham
oddly. “You will learn better. I know those ideas; in
my boyhood I read your Shelley and dreamt of Liberty.
There is no liberty, save wisdom and self-control. Lib-
erty is within—not without. It is each man’s own affair.
Suppose — which is impossible — that these swarming
yelping fools in blue get the upper hand of us, what then?
They will only fall to other masters. So long as there
are sheep Nature will insist on beasts of prey. It would
mean but a few hundred years’ delay. The coming of the
aristocrat is fatal and assured. The end will be the
Over-man—for all the mad protests of humanity. Let
them revolt, let them win and kill me and my like. Others
will arise—other masters. The end will be the same."

  “I wonder,” said Graham doggedly.

  For a moment he stood downcast.

  “But I must see these things for myself,” he said,
suddenly assuming a tone of confident mastery. “Only
by seeing can I understand. I must learn. That is what
I want to tell you, Ostrog. I do not want to be King in
a Pleasure City; that is not my pleasure. I have spent
enough time with aeronautics—and those other things.
I must learn how people live now, how the common life
has developed. Then I shall understand these things
better. I must learn how common people live—the labor
people more especially—how they work, marry, bear
children, die—”

  “You get that from our realistic novelists,” suggested
Ostrog, suddenly preoccupied.

  “I want reality," said Graham, “not realism.”

  "There are difficulties,” said Ostrog, and thought. “On
the whole perhaps—

  “I did not expect—.

  "I had thought—. And yet, perhaps—. You say you
want to go through the Ways of the city and see the
common people.”

  Suddenly he came to some conclusion. “You would
need to go disguised,” he said. “The city is intensely
excited, and the discovery of your presence among them
might create a fearful tumult. Still this wish of yours
to go into this city—this idea of yours—. Y'es, now
I think the thing over it seems to me not altogether—.
It can be contrived. If you would really find an interest
in that! You are, of course, Master. You can go soon
if you like. A disguise for this excursion Asano will
be able to manage. He would go with you. After all it
is not a bad idea of yours.”

  "You will not want to consult me in any matter?”
asked Graham suddenly, struck by an odd suspicion.

  "Oh, dear no! No! I think you may trust affairs to
me for a time, at any rate,” said Ostrog, smiling. “Even
if we differ—”

  Graham glanced at him sharply.

  “There is no fighting likely to happen soon?” he
asked abruptly.

  "Certainly not.”

  "I have been thinking about these negroes. I don't
believe the people intend any hostility to me, and, after
all, I am the Master. I do not want any negroes brought
to London. It is an archaic prejudice perhaps, but I
have peculiar feelings about Europeans and the subject
races. Even about Paris—”

  Ostrog stood watching him from under his drooping
brows. "I am not bringing negroes to London,” he said
slowly. "But if—”

  “You are not to bring armed negroes to London, what-

ever happens,” said Graham. “In that matter I am
quite decided."

  Ostrog, after a pause, decided not to speak, and bowed
deferentially.

CHAPTER XX

In the City Ways

AND that night, unknown and unsuspected, Graham,
dressed in the costume of an inferior wind-vane
official keeping holiday, and accompanied by Asano
in Labor Company canvas, surveyed the city through
which he had wandered when it was veiled in darkness.
But now he saw it lit and waking, a whirlpool of life.
In spite of the surging and swaying of the forces of
revolution, in spite of the unusual discontent, the mut-
terings of the greater struggle of which the first revolt
was but the prelude, the myriad streams of commerce
still flowed wide and strong. He knew now something
of the dimensions and quality of the new age, but he
was not prepared for the infinite surprise of the detailed
view, for the torrent of color and vivid impressions that
poured past him.

   This was his first real contact with the people of these
latter days. He realized that all that had gone before,
saving his glimpses of the public theatres and markets,
had had its element of seclusion, had been a movement
within the comparatively narrow political quarter, that
all his previous experiences had revolved immediately
about the question of his own position. But here was
the city at the busiest hours of night, the people to a
large extent returned to their own immediate interests,
the resumption of the real informal life, the common
habits of the new time.

  They emerged at first into a street whose opposite
ways were crowded with the blue canvas liveries. This
swarm Graham saw was a portion of a procession—
it was odd to see a procession parading the city seated.
They carried banners of coarse red stuff with red let-
ters. "No disarmament," said the banners, for the most
part in crudely daubed letters and with variant spelling,
and "Why should we disarm?” “No disarming.” “No
disarming.” Banner after banner went by, a stream of
banners flowing past, and at last at the end, the song of
the revolt and a noisy band of strange instruments.
“They all ought to be at work,” said Asano. “They have
had no food these two days, or they have stolen it.”

  Presently Asano made a detour to avoid the con-’
gested crowd that gaped upon the occasional passage of
dead bodies from hospital to a mortuary, the gleanings
after death’s harvest of the first revolt.

  That night few people were sleeping, everyone was
abroad. A vast excitement, perpetual crowds perpetu-
ally changing, surrounded Graham; his mind was con-
fused and darkened by an incessant tumult, by the cries
and enigmatical fragments of the social struggle that
was as yet only beginning. Everywhere festoons and
banners of black and strange decorations, intensified the
quality of his popularity. Everywhere he caught snatches
of that crude thick dialect that served the illiterate class,
the class, that is, beyond the reach of phonograph culture,
111 their common-place intercourse. Everywhere this
trouble of disarmament was in the air, with a quality
of immediate stress of which he had no inkling during
his seclusion in the Wind-Vane quarter. He perceived
that as soon as he returned he must discuss this with
Ostrog, this and the greater issues of which it was the
expression, in a far more conclusive way than he had
so far done. Perpetually that night, even in the earlier
hours of their wanderings about the city, the spirit
of unrest and revolt swamped his attention, to the ex-
clusion of countless strange things he might otherwise
have observed.

This preoccupation made his impressions fragmentary.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

109

Yet amidst so much that was strange and vivid, no
subject, however personal and insistent, could exert un-
divided sway. There were spaces when the revolution-
ary movement passed clean out of his mind, was drawn
aside like a curtain from before some startling new
aspect of the time. Helen had swayed his mind to this
intense earnestness of inquiry, but there came times
when she, even, receded beyond his conscious thoughts.
At one moment, for example, he found they were travers-
ing the religious quarter, for the easy transit about the
city afforded by the moving ways rendered sporadic
churches and chapels no longer necessary—and his at-
tention was vividly arrested by the facade of one of the
Christian sects.

  They were traveling seated on one of the swift upper
ways, the place leapt upon them at a bend and advanced
rapidly towards them. It was covered with inscrip-
tions from top to base, in vivid white and blue, save
where a vast and glaring kinematograph transparency
presented a realistic New Testament scene, and where a
vast festoon of black to show that the popular religion
followed the popular politics, hung across the lettering.
Graham had already become familiar with the phono-
type writing and these inscriptions arrested him, being
to his sense for the most part almost incredible blas-
phemy. Among the less offensive were: ‘‘Salvation on
the First Floor and turn to the Right.” “Put your
Money on your Maker.” “The Sharpest Conversion in
London, Expert Operators! Look Slippy!” “What Christ
would say to the Sleeper;—Join the Up-to-date Saints!”
"Be a Christian—without hindrance to your present Oc-
cupation.” “All the Brightest Bishops on the Bench to-
night and Prices as Usual.” “Brisk Blessings for Busy
Business Men.”

  “But this is appalling!” said Graham, as that deaf-
ening scream of mercantile piety towered above them.

   “What is appalling?” asked his little officer, apparently
seeking vainly for anything unusual in this shrieking
enamel.

  “This! Surely the essence of religion is reverence.”

  “Oh that!" Asano looked at Graham. “Does it shock
you?” he said in the tone of one who makes a discovery.
"I suppose it would, of course. I had forgotten. Nowa-
days the competition for attention is so keen, and people
simply haven't the leisure to attend to their souls, you
know, as they used to do.” He smiled. “In the old days
you had quiet Sabbaths and the countryside. Though
somewhere I’ve read of Sunday afternoons that—”

  “But, that," said Graham glancing back at the re-
ceding blue and white. “That is surely not the only—”

  “There are hundreds of different ways. But, of
course, if a sect doesn’t tell it doesn’t pay. Worship
has moved with the times. There are high class sects
with quieter ways—costly incense and personal attentions
and all that. These people are extremely popular and
prosperous. They pay several dozen lions for those apart-
ments to the Council—to you, I should say.”

   Graham still felt a difficulty with the coinage, and this
mention of a dozen lions brought him abruptly to that
matter. In a moment the screaming temples and their
swarming touts were forgotten in this new interest. A
turn of a phrase suggested, and an answer confirmed the
idea that gold and silver were both demonetized, that
stamped gold wrhich had begun its reign amidst the mer-
chants of Phoenicia was at last dethroned. The change
had been graduated but swift, brought about by an exten-
sion of the system of cheques that had even in his pre-
vious life already practically superseded gold in all the
larger business transactions. The common traffic of the
city, the common currency indeed of all the world, was
conducted by means of the little brown, green and pink
council cheques for small amounts, printed with a blank
payee. Asano had several with him, and at the first
opportunity he supplied the gaps in his set. They were

printed not on tearable paper, but on a semi-transparent
fabric of silken flexibility, interwoven with silk Acros3
them all sprawled a fac-simile of Graham’s signature, his
first encounter with the curves and turns of that famil-
iar autograph for two hundred and three years.

SOME intermediary experiences made no impression
sufficiently vivid to prevent the matter of the dis-
armament claiming his thoughts again; a blurred picture
of a Theosophist temple that promised MIRACLES
in enormous letters of unsteady fire was least submerged
perhaps, but then came the view of the dining hall in
Northumberland Avenue. That interested him very
greatly.

  By the energy and thought of Asano he was able to
view this place from a little screened gallery reserved
for the attendants of the tables. The building was per-
vaded by a distant muffled hooting, piping and bawling,
of which he did not at first understand the import, but
which recalled a certain mysterious leathery voice he
had heard after the resumption of the lights on the night
of his solitary wandering.

  He had grown accustomed now to vastness and great
numbers of people, nevertheless this spectacle held him
for a long time. It was as he watched the table service
more immediately beneath, and interspersed with many
questions and answers concerning details, that the reali-
zation of the full significance of the feast of several
thousand people came to him.

  It was his constant surprise to find that points that
one might have expected to strike vividly at the very
outset never occurred to him until some trivial detail
suddenly shaped as a riddle and pointed to the obvious
thing he had overlooked. In this matter, for instance,
it had not occurred to him that this continuity of the
city, this exclusion of weather, these vast halls and ways,
involved the disappearance of the household; that the
typical Victorian “Home," the little brick cell containing
kitchen and scullery, living rooms and bedrooms, had,
save for the ruins that diversified the countryside, van-
ished as surely as the wattle hut. But now he saw what
had indeed been manifest from the first, that London,
regarded as a living place, was no longer an aggregation
of houses but a prodigious hotel, an hotel with a thou-
sand classes of accommodation, thousands of dining halls,
chapels, theatres, markets and places of assembly, a syn-
thesis of enterprises, of which he chiefly was the owner.
People had their sleeping rooms, with, it might be, ante-
chambers, rooms that were always sanitary at least what-
ever the degree of comfort and privacy, and for the
rest they lived much as many people had lived in the new-
made giant hotels of the Victorian days, eating, read-
ing, thinking, playing, conversing, all in places of public
resort, going to their work in the industrial quarters of
the city or doing business in their offices in the trading
section.

  He perceived at once how necessarily this state of
affairs had developed from the Victorian city. The fun-
damental reason for the modern city had ever been the
economy of co-operation. The chief thing to prevent
the merging of the separate households in his own gen-
eration was simply the still imperfect civilization of the
people, the strong barbaric pride, passions, and preju-
dices, the jealousies, rivalries, and violence of the middle
and lower classes, which had necessitated the entire sep-
aration of contiguous households. But the change, the
taming of the people, had been in rapid progress even
then. In his brief thirty years of previous life he had
seen an enormous extension of the habit of consuming
meals from home, the casually patronized horse-box
coffee-house had given place to the open and crowded
Aerated Bread Shop for instance, women’s clubs had had
their beginning, and an immense development of reading
rooms, lounges and libraries had witnessed to the growth
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

of social confidence. These promises had by this time
attained to their complete fulfilment. The locked and
barred household had passed away.

  These people below him belonged, he learnt, to the
lower middle class, the class just above the blue laborers,
a class so accustomed in the Victorian period to feed with
every precaution of privacy that its members, when occa-
sion confronted them with a public meal, would usually
hide their embarrassment under horseplay or a markedly
militant demeanor. But these gaily, if lightly dressed
people below, albeit vivacious, hurried and uncommuni-
cative, were dexterously mannered and certainly quite at
their ease with regard to one another.

  He noted a slight significant thing; the table, as far
as he could see, was and remained delightfully neat,
there was nothing to parallel the confusion, the broad-
cast crumbs, the splashes of viand and condiment, the
overturned drink and displaced ornaments, which would
have marked the stormy progress of the Victorian meal.
The table furniture was very different. There were no
ornaments, no flowers, and the table was without a cloth,
being made, he learnt, of a solid substance having the
texture and appearance of damask. He discerned that
this damask substance was patterned with gracefully
designed trade advertisements.

  In a sort of recess before each diner was a complex
apparatus of porcelain and metal. There was one plate
of white porcelain, and by means of taps for hot and
cold volatile fluids the diner washed this himself be-
tween the courses; he also washed his elegant white metal
knife and fork and spoon as occasion required.

  Soup and the chemical wine that was the common drink
were delivered by similar taps, and the remaining
covers traveled automatically in tastefully arranged dishes
down the table along silver rails. The diner stopped these
and helped himself at his discretion. They appeared
at a little door at one end of the table, and vanished at
the other. That turn of democratic sentiment in decay,
that ugly pride of menial souls, which renders equals
loth to wait on one another, was very strong he found
among these people. He was so preoccupied with these
details that it was only just as he was leaving the place
that he remarked the huge advertisement dioramas that
marched majestically along the upper walls and pro-
claimed the most remarkable commodities.

  Beyond this place they came into a crowded hall,
and he discovered the cause of the noise that had per-
plexed him. They paused at a turnstile at which a pay-
ment was made.

  Graham’s attention was immediately arrested by a vio-
lent, loud hoot, followed by a vast leathery voice. "The
Master is sleeping peacefully,” it vociferated. “He is in
excellent health. He is going to devote the rest of his
life to aeronautics. He says women are more beautiful
than ever. Galloop! Wow! Our wonderful civilization
astonishes him beyond measure. Beyond all measure.
Galloop. He puts great trust in Boss Ostrog, absolute
confidence in Boss Ostrog. Ostrog is to be his chief
minister; is authorized to remove or reinstate public
officers—all patronage will be in his hands. All patronage
in the hands of Boss Ostrog! The Councillors have been
sent back to their own prison above the Council House.”

  Graham stopped at the first sentence, and, looking up,
beheld a foolish trumpet face from which this was
brayed. This was the General Intelligence Machine. For
a space it seemed to be gathering breath, and a regular
throbbing from its cylindrical body was audible. Then
it trumpeted “Galloop, Galloop,” and broke out again.

   “Paris is now pacified. All resistance is over. Galloop!
The black police hold every position of importance in the
city. They fought with great bravery, singing songs
written in praise of their ancestors by the poet Kipling.
Once or twice they got out of hand, and tortured and
mutilated wounded and captured insurgents, men and

women. Moral—don’t go rebelling. Haha! Galloop,
Galloop! They are lively fellows. Lively brave fellows.
Let this be a lesson to the disorderly banderlog of this
city. Yah! Banderlog! Filth of the earth! Galloop,
Galloop!”

  The voice ceased. There was a confused murmur of
disapproval among the crowd. "Damned niggers.” A
man began to harangue near them. "Is this the Master’s
doing, brothers? Is this the Master’s doing?”

  "Black police!” said Graham. “What is that? You
don’t mean—”

  Asano touched his arm and gave him a warning look,
and forthwith another of these mechanisms screaming
deafeningly and gave tongue in a shrill voice. "Yahaha,
Yahah, Yap! Hear a live paper yelp! Live paper. Yaha!
Shocking outrage in Paris. Yahahah! The Parisians
exasperated by the black police to the pitch of assassina-
tion. Dreadful reprisals. Savage times come again.
Blood! Blood! Yaha!” The nearer Babble Machine
hooted stupendously, “Galloop, Galoop,” drowned the end
of the sentence, and proceeded in a rather flatter note
than before with novel comments on the horrors of dis-
order. "Law and order must be maintained,” said the
nearer Babble Machine.

  "But," began Graham.

  “Don’t ask questions here,” said Asano, "or you will
be involved in an argument.”

  "Then let us go on,” said Graham, “for I want to
know more of this.”

AS he and his companion pushed their way through
the excited crowd that swarmed beneath these
voices, toward the exit, Graham conceived more clearly
the proportion and features of this room. Altogether,
great and small, there must have been nearly a thou-
sand of these erections, piping, hooting, bawling and
gabbling in that great space, each with its crowd of
excited listeners, the majority of them men dressed in
blue canvas. There were all sizes of machines, from the
little gossipping mechanisms that chuckled out mechani-
cal sarcasm in odd corners, through a number of grades
to such fifty-foot giants as that which had first hooted
over Graham.

  This place was unusually crowded, because of the
intense public interest in the course of affairs in Paris.
Evidently the struggle had been much more savage than
Ostrog had represented it. All the mechanisms were
discoursing upon that topic, and the repetition of the
people made the huge hive buzz with such phrases as
"Lynched policemen,” "Women burnt alive,” “Fuzzv
Wuzzy.” “But does the Master allow such things?” asked
a man'near him. “Is this the beginning of the Master's
rule?”

  Is this the beginning of the Master’s rule? For a
long time after he had left the place, the hooting, whist-
ling and braying of the machines pursued him: “Galloop,
Galloop,” "Yahahah, Yaha, Yap! Yaha!” Is this the
beginning of the Master’s rule?

  Directly they were out upon the ways he began to
question Asano closely on the nature of the Parisian
struggle. “This disarmament! What was their trouble?
What does it all mean?” Asano seemed chiefly anxious
to reassure him that it was “all right.” “But these out-
rages 1” “You cannot have an omelet,” said Asano, “with-
out breaking eggs. It is only the rough people. Only in
one part of the city. All the rest is all right The
Parisian laborers are the wildest in the world, except
ours.”

  “What! the Londoners?”

  “No, the Japanese. They have to be kept in order.”

  “But burning women alive!”

  “A Commune!” said Asano. “They would rob you
of your property. They would do away with property
and give the world over to mob rule. You are Master,
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

1111

the world is yours. But there will be no Commune here.
There is no need for black police here.

  •‘And every consideration has been shown. It is their
own negroes—French speaking negroes. Senegal regi-
ments, and Niger and Timbuctoo.”

  “Regiments?” said Graham, “I thought there was
only one—."

  "No,” said Asano, and glanced at him. "There is more
than one."

  Graham felt unpleasantly helpless.

  "I did not think,” he began and stopped abruptly. He
went off at a tangent to ask for information about these
Babble Machines. For the most part, the crowd present
had been shabbily or even raggedly dressed, and Graham
learnt that so far as the more prosperous classes were
concerned, in all the more comfortable private apartments
of the city were fixed Babble Machines that would speak
directly a lever was pulled. The tenant of the apartment
could connect this with the cables of any of the great
News Syndicates that he preferred. When he learnt
this presently, he demanded the reason of their absence
from his own suite of apartments. Asano stared. “I
never thought,” he said. “Ostrog must have had them
removed.”

  Graham started. “How was I to know?” he exclaimed.

  “Perhaps he thought they would annoy you,” said
Asano.

  “They must be replaced directly I return,” said
Graham after an interval.

  He found a difficulty in understanding that this news
room and the dining hall were not great central places,
that such establishments were repeated almost beyond
counting all over the city. But ever and again during
the night’s expedition his ears, in some new quarter
would pick out from the tumult of the ways the peculiar
hooting of the organ of Boss Ostrog, “Galloop. Galloop!”
or the shrill "Yahaha, Yaha, Yap!—Hear a live paper
yelp!” of its chief rival.

  Repeated, too, everywhere, were such creches as the
one he now entered. It was reached by a lift, and by a
glass bridge that flung across the dining hall and trav-
ersed the ways at a slight upward angle. To enter the
first section of the place necessitated the use of his solvent
signature under Asano’s direction. They were immedi-
ately attended to by a man in a violet robe and gold
clasp, the insignia of practising medical men. He per-
ceived from this man's manner that his identity was
known, and proceeded to ask questions on the strange ar-
rangements of the place without reserve.

  On either side of the passage, which was silent and

The general Intelligence tnachioc.
112

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

padded, as if to deaden the footfall, were narrow little
doors, their size and arrangement suggestive of the cells
of a Victorian prison. But the upper portion of each
door was of the same greenish transparent stuff that had
enclosed him at his awakening, and within, dimly seen,
lay, in every case, a very young baby in a little nest of
wadding. Elaborate apparatus watched the atmosphere
and rang a bell far away in the central office at the slight-
est departure from the optimum of temperature and
moisture. A system of such creches had almost entirely
replaced the hazardous adventures of the old-world nurs-
ing. The attendant presently called Graham’s attention
to the wet nurses, a vista of mechanical figures, with
arms, shoulders and breasts of astonishingly realistic
modeling, articulation, and texture, but mere brass tri-
pods below, and having in place of features a flat disc
bearing advertisements likely to be of interest to mothers.

  Of all the strange things that Graham came upon that
night, none jarred more upon his habits of thought than
this place. The spectacle of the little pink creatures,
their feeble limbs swaying uncertainly in vague first
movements, left alone, without embrace or endearment,
was wholly repugnant to him. The attendant doctor was
of a different opinion. His statistical evidence showed
beyond dispute that in the Victorian times, the most
dangerous passage of life was the arms of the mother,
that there human mortality had ever been most terrible.
On the other hand this creche company, the International
Creche Syndicate, lost not one-half per cent of the million
babies or so that formed its peculiar care. But Graham’s
prejudice was too strong even for those figures.

  Along one of the many passages of the place they
presently came upon a young couple in the usual blue
canvas peering through the transparency and laughing
hysterically at the bald head of their first-born. Gra-
ham’s face must have showed his estimate of them for
their merriment ceased and they looked abashed. But
this little incident accentuated his sudden realization of
the gulf between his habits of thought and the ways of
the new age. He passed on to the crawling rooms and
the Kindergarten, perplexed and distressed. He found
the endless long playrooms were empty! the latter-day
children at least still spent their nights in sleep. As
they went through these, the little officer pointed out the
nature of the toys, developments of those devised by that
inspired sentimentalist Froebel. There were nurses
here, but much was done by machines that sang and
danced and dangled.

  Graham was still not clear upon many points. “But
so many orphans,” he said perplexed, reverting to a first
misconception, and learnt again that they were not
orphans.

  So soon as thev had left the creche he began to speak
of the horror the babies in their incubating cases had
caused him. “Is motherhood gone?” he said. “Was it a
cant? Surely it was an instinct. This seems so unnat-
ural—abominable almost.”

  "Along here we shall come to the dancing place,” said
Asano by way of reply. "It is sure to be crowded. In
spite of all the political unrest it will be crowded. The
women take no great interest in politics—except a few
here and there. You will see the mothers—most young
women in London are mothers. In that class it is con-
sidered a creditable thing to have one child—a proof of
animation. Few middle class people have more than one.
With the Labor Company it is different. As for mother-
hood! They still take an immense pride in the children.
They come here to look at them quite often.”

  "Then do you mean that the population of the world

_V*

  “Is falling? Yes. Except among the people under
the Labor Company. They are reckless—.”

  The air was suddenly dancing with music, and down
a way they approached obliquely, set with gorgeous pil-

lars as it seemed of clear amethyst, flowed a concourse of
gay people and a tumult of merry cries and laughter.
He saw curled heads, wreathed brows, and a happy intri-
cate flutter of gamboge pass triumphant across the pic-
ture.

  “You will see,” said Asano with a faint smile. “The
world has changed. In a moment you will see the mothers
of the new age. Come this way. We shall see those
yonder again very soon.”

  They ascended a certain height in a swift lift, and
changed to a slower one. As they went on the music
grew upon them, until it was near and full and splen-
did, and, moving with its glorious intricacies they could
distinguish the beat of innumerable dancing feet. They
made a payment at a turnstile, and emerged upon the
wide gallery that overlooked the dancing place, and upon
the full enchantment of sound and sight.

  “Here,” said Asano, "are the fathers and mothers of
the little ones you saw.”

  The hall was not so richly decorated as that of the
Atlas, but saving that, it was, for its size, the most
splendid Graham had seen. The beautiful white-limbed
figures that supported the galleries reminded him once
more of the restored magnificence of sculpture; they
seemed to writhe in engaging attitudes, their faces
laughed. The source of the music that filled the place
was hidden, and the whole vast shining floor was thick
with dancing couples. “Look at them,” said the little
officer, “see how much they show of motherhood.”

THE gallery they stood upon ran along the upper edge
of a huge screen that cut the dancing hall on the
side from a sort of outer hall that showed through broad
arches the incessant onward rush of the city ways. In
this outer hall was a great crowd of less brilliantly
dressed people, as numerous almost as those who danced
within, the great majority wearing the blue uniform of
the Labor Company that was now so familiar to Graham.
Too poor to pass the turnstiles to the festival, they were
yet unable to keep away from the sound of its seductions.
Some of them even had cleared spaces, and were dancing
also, fluttering their rags in the air. Some shouted as
they danced, jests and odd allusions Graham did not un-
derstand. Once someone began whistling the refrain of
the revolutionary song, but it seemed as though that
beginning was promptly suppressed. The corner was
dark and Graham could not see. He turned to the hall
again. Above the caryatid® were marble busts of men
whom that age esteemed great moral emancipators and
pioneers; for the most part their names were strange to
graham, though he recognized Grant Allen, Le Gallienne.
Nietzsche, Shelley and Goodwin. Great black festoons
and eloquent sentiments reinforced the huge inscription
that partially defaced the upper end of the dancing place,
and asserted that “The Festival of the Awakening” was
in progress.

  “Myriads are taking holiday or staying from work
because of that, quite apart from the laborers who
refuse to go back,” said Asano. "These people are al-
ways ready for holidays.”

  Graham walked to the parapet and stood leaning over,
looking down at the dancers. Save for two or three
remote whispering couples, who had stolen apart, he and
his guide had the gallery to themselves. A warm breath
of scent and vitality came up to him. Both men and
women below were lightly clad, bare-armed, open-necked,
as the universal warmth of the city permitted. The hair
of the men was often a mass of effeminate curls, their
chins were always shaven, and many of them had flushed
or colored cheeks. Many of the women were very pretty,
and all were dressed with elaborate coquetry. As they
swept by beneath, he saw ecstatic faces with eyes half
closed in pleasure.

  “What sort of people are these?” he asked abruptly.
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

113

  ‘'Workers—prosperous workers. What you would have
called the middle class. Independent tradesmen with
little separate businesses have vanished long ago, but
there are store servers, managers, engineers of a hundred
sorts. Tonight is a holiday of course, and every dancing
place in the city will be crowded, and every place of
worship.”

  “But—the women?”

  "The same. There’s a thousand forms of work for
women now. But you had the beginning of the inde-
pendent working-woman in your days. Most women are
independent now. Most of these are married more or
less—there are a number of methods of contract—and
that gives them more money, and enables them to enjoy
themselves.”

  "I see,” said Graham looking at the flushed faces, the
flash and swirl of movement, and still thinking of that
nightmare of pink helpless limbs. “And these are—
mothers.”

  "Most of them.”

  “The more I see of these things the more complex I
find your problems. This, for instance, is a surprise.
That news from Paris was a surprise.”

  In a little while he spoke again:

  "These are mothers. Presently, I suppose, I shall
get into the modern way of seeing things. I have old
habits of mind clinging about me—habits based, I sup-
pose, on needs that are over and done with. Of course,
in our time, a woman was supposed not only to bear chil-
dren, but to cherish them, to devote herself to them,
to educate them—all the essentials of moral and mental
education a child owed its mother. Or went without.
Quite a number, I admit, went without. Nowadays,
clearly, there is no more need for such care than if they
were butterflies. I see that! Only there was an ideal—
that figure of a grave, patient woman, silently and serene-
ly mistress of a home, mother and maker of men—to love
her was a sort of worship—”

  He stopped and repeated, “A sort of worship.”

  “Ideals change,” said the little man, “as needs change.”
Graham awoke from an instant reverie and Asano re-
peated his words. Graham’s mind returned to the thing
at hand.

  “Of course I see the perfect reasonableness of this.
Restraint, soberness, the matured thought, the unselfish
act, they are necessities of the barbarous state, the life of
dangers. Dourness is man’s tribute to unconquered
nature. But man has conquered nature now for all prac-
tical purposes—his political affairs are managed by
Bosses with a black police—and life is joyous.”

  He looked at the dancers again. “Joyous,” he said.
“There are weary moments,” said the little officer re-
flectively.

  “They all look young. Down there I should be visibly
the oldest man. And in my own time I should have passed
as middle-aged.”

  “They are young. There are few old people in this
class in the work cities.”

  “How is that?”

  "Old people’s lives are not so pleasant as they used to
be, unless they arc rich to hire lovers and helpers. And
we have an institution called Euthanasy.”

  “Ah! that Euthanasy!” said Graham. "The easy
death?”

  “The easy death. It is the last pleasure. The Eu-
jhanasy Company does it well. People will pay the sum—
‘t is a costly thing—long beforehand, go off to some
pleasure city and return impoverished and weary, very
weary.”

  "There is a lot left for me to understand,” said Graham
after a pause. “Yet I see the logic of it all. Our array
of angry virtues and sour restraints was the consequence
of danger and insecurity. The Stoic, the Puritan, even
in my time, were vanishing types. In the old days man

was armed against Pain, now he is eager for Pleasure.
There lies the difference. Civilization has driven pain
and danger so far off—for well-to-do people. And only
well-to-do people matter now. I have been asleep two
hundred years.”

  For a minute they leant on the balustrading, follow-
ing the intricate evolution of the dance. Indeed the
scene was very beautiful.

  “Before God,” said Graham suddenly, “I would rather
be a wounded sentinel freezing in the snow than one of
these painted fools!”

  "In the snow,” said Asano, “one might think differ-
ently.”

  “I am uncivilized,” said Graham, not heeding him.
“That is the trouble. I am primitive—Paleolithic. Their
fountain of rage and fear and anger is sealed and closed,
the habits of a lifetime make them cheerful and easy
and delightful. You must bear with my nineteenth cen-
tury shocks and disgusts. These people, you say, are
skilled workers and so forth. And while these dance,
men are fighting—men are dying in Paris to keep the
world—that they may dance.”

  Asano smiled faintly. “For that matter, men are dying
in London,” he said.

  There was a moment's silence.

  “Where do these sleep?” asked Graham.

  “Above and below—an intricate warren.”

  “And where do they work? This is—the domestic
life.”

  “You will see little work tonight. Half the workers
are out or under arms. Half these people are keeping
holiday. But we will go to the work places if you wish
it.”

  For a time Graham watched the dancers, then sud-
denly turned away. “I want to see the workers. I have
seen enough of these,” he said.

ASANO led the way along the gallery across the danc-
ing hall. Presently they came to a transverse pas-
sage that brought a breath of fresher, colder air.

  Asano glanced at this passage as they went past,
stopped, went back to it, and turned to Graham with a
smile. “Here, Sire,” he said, “is something—will be
familiar to you at least—and yet—. But I will not tell
you. Come!”

  He led the way along a closed passage that presently
became cold. The reverberation of their feet told that
this passage was a bridge. They came into a circular
gallery that was glazed in from the outer weather, and
so reached a circular chamber which seemed familiar
though Graham could not recall distinctly when he had
entered it before. In this was a ladder—the first ladder
he had seen since his awakening—up which they went,
and came into a high, dark, cold place in which was
another almost vertical ladder. This they ascended, Gra-
ham still perplexed.

  But at the top he understood, and recognized the
metallic bars to which he clung. He was in the cage
under the ball of St. Paul’s. The dome rose but a little
way above the general contour of the city, into the still
twilight, and sloped away, shining greasily under a few
distant lights, into a circumambient ditch of darkness.

  Out between the bars he looked upon the wind-clear
northern sky and saw the starry constellations all un-
changed. Capella hung in the west, Vega was rising, and
the seven glittering points of the Great Bear swept over-
head in their stately circle about the Pole.

  He saw these stars in a clear gap of sky. To the
east and south the great circular shapes of complaining
wind-wheels blotted out the heavens, so that the glare
about the Council House was hidden. To the south-west
hung Orion, showing like a pallid ghost through a tracery
of ironwork and interlacing shapes above a dazzling cor-
uscation of lights. A bellowing and siren screaming that
114

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

came from the flying stages warned the world that one
of the aeroplanes was ready to start. He remained for
a space gazing toward the glaring stage. Then his eyes
went back to the northward constellations.

  For a long time he was silent. "This," he said at last,
smiling in the shadow, "seems the strangest thing of all.
To stand in the dome of Saint Paul’s and look once more
upon these familiar, silent stars!”

  Thence Graham was taken by Asano along devious
ways to the great gambling and business quarters where
the bulk of the fortunes in the city were lost and made.
It impressed him as a well-nigh interminable series of
very high halls, surrounded by tiers upon tiers of gal-
leries into which opened thousands of offices, and tra-
versed by a complicated multitude of bridges, footways,
aerial motor rails, and trapeze and cable leaps. And
here more than anywhere the note of vehement vitality,
of uncontrollable, hasty activity, rose high. Everywhere
was violent advertisement, until his brain swam at the
tumult of light and color. And Babble Machines of a
peculiarly rancid tone were abundant and filled the air
with strenuous squealing and an idiotic slang. “Skin
your eyes and slide,” “Gewhoop, Bonanza,” “Gollipers
come and hark!”

  The place seemed to him to be dense with people either
profoundly agitated or swelling with obscure cunning,
yet he learnt that the place was comparatively empty,
that the great political convulsion of the last few days
had reduced transactions to an unprecedented minimum.
In one huge place were long avenues of roulette tables,
each with an excited, undignified crowd about it; in an-
other a yelping Babel of white-faced women and red-
necked leathery-lunged men bought and sold the shares
of an absolutely fictitious business undertaking which,
every five minutes, paid a dividend of ten per cent and
cancelled a certain proportion of its shares by means of
a lottery wheel.

  These business activities were prosecuted with an
energy that readily passed into violence, and Graham
approaching a dense crowd found at its centre a couple
of prominent merchants in violent controversy with
teeth and nails on some delicate point of business eti-
quette. Something still remained in life to be fought
for. Further he had a shock at a vehement announce-
ment in phonetic letters of scarlet flame, each twice the
height of a man, that “We Assure the Propraiet'r.
We Assure the Propraiet'r.”

  “Who’s the proprietor?” he asked.

  “You."

  "But what do they assure me?” he asked. “What do
they assure me?”

  "Didn’t you have assurance?”

  Graham thought. "Insurance?”

  “Yes—Insurance. I remember that was the older
word. They are insuring your life. Dozands of people
are taking out policies, myriads of lions are being put
on you. And further on other people are buying an-
nuities. They do that on everybody who is at all promi-
nent. Look there!”

  A crowd of people surged and roared, and Graham
saw a vast black screen suddenly illuminated in still
larger letters of burning purple. “Anuetes on the Pro-
praiet’r—x 5 pr. G.” The people began to boo and shout
at this, a number of hard breathing, wild-eyed men came
running past, clawing with hooked fingers at the air.
There was a furious crush about a little doorway.

  Asano did a brief calculation. “Seventeen per cent per
annum is their annuity on you. They would not pay so
much per cent if they could see you now, Sire. But they
do not know. Your own‘annuities used to be a very safe
investment, but now you are sheer gambling, of course.
This is probably a desperate bid. I doubt if people will
get their money.”

  The crowd of would-be annuitants grew so thick about
them that for some time they could move neither forward

nor backward. Graham noticed what appeared to him
to be a high proportion of women among the speculators,
and was reminded again of the economical independence
of their sex. They seemed remarkably well able to take
care of themselves in the crowd, using their elbows with
particular skill, as he learnt to his cost. One curly-headed
person caught in the pressure for a space, looked stead-
fastly at him several times, almost as if she recognized
him, and then, edging deliberately towards him, touched
his hand with her arm in a scarcely accidental manner,
and made it plain by a look as ancient as Chaldea that he
had found favor in her eyes. And then a lank, grey-
bearded man, perspiring copiously in a noble passion of
self-help, blind to all earthly things save that glaring
bait, thrust between them in a cataclysmal rush towards
that alluring “x 5 pr. G.”

  “I want to get out of this,” said Graham to Asano.
“This is not what I came to see. Show me the workers.
I want to see the people in blue. These parasitic luna-
tics—”

  He found himself wedged in a struggling mass of
people, and this hopeful sentence went unfinished.

             CHAPTER XXI
             The Under Side

FROM the Business Quarter they presently passed
by the running ways into a remote quarter of the
city, where the bulk of the manufactures was done.
On their way the platforms crossed the Thames twice,
and passed in a broad viaduct across one of the great
roads that entered the city from the North. In both
cases his impression was swift and in both very vivid.
The river was a broad wrinkled glitter of black sea water,
overarched by buildings, and vanishing either way into
a blackness starred with receding lights. A string of
black barges passed seaward, manned by blue-clad men.
The road was a long and very broad and high tunnel,
along which big-wheeled machines drove noiselessly and
swiftly. Here, too, the distinctive blue of the Labor
Company was in abundance. The smoothness of the
double tracks, the largeness and the lightness of the big
pneumatic wheels in proportion to the vehicular body,
struck Graham most vividly. One lank and very high
carriage with longitudinal metallic rods hung with the
dripping carcasses of many hundred sheep arrested his
attention unduly. Abruptly the edge of the archway cut
and blotted out the picture.

  Presently they left the way and descended by a lift
and traversed a passage that sloped downward, and so
came to a descending lift again. The appearance of
things changed. Even the pretence of architectural or-
nament disappeared, the lights diminished in number and
size, the architecture became more and more massive in
proportion to the spaces as the factory quarters were
reached. And in the dusty biscuit-making place of the
potters, among the felspar mills, in the furnace rooms of
the metal workers, among the incandescent lakes of
crude Eadhamite, the blue canvas clothing was on man,
woman and child.

  Many of these great and dusty galleries were silent
avenues of machinery, endless raked out ashen furnaces
testified to the revolutionary dislocation, but wherever
there was work it was being done by slow-moving work-
ers in blue canvas. The only people not in blue canvas
were the overlookers of the work-places and the orange-
clad Labor Police. And fresh from the flushed faces
of the dancing halls, the voluntary vigors of the business
quarter, Graham could note the pinched faces, the feeble
muscles, and weary eyes of many of the latter-day work-
ers. Such as he saw at work were noticeably inferior in
physique to the few gaily dressed managers and fore-
women who were directing their labors. The burly la-
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

115

lorers of the old Victorian times had followed the dray
horse and all such living force producers, to extinction;
the place of his costly muscles was taken by some dex-
terous machine. The latter-day laborer, male as well as
female, was essentially a machine-minder and feeder, a
servant and attendant, or an artist under direction.

  The women, in comparison with those Graham remem-
bered, were as a class distinctly plain and flat chested.
Two hundred years of emancipation from the moral re-
straints of Puritanical religion, two hundred years of
city life, had done their work in eliminating the strain
of feminine beauty and vigor from the blue canvas
myriads. To be brilliant physically or mentally, to be
in any way attractive or exceptional, had been and was
still a certain way of emancipation to the drudge, a line
of escape to the Pleasure City and its splendors and de-
lights, and at last to the Euthanasy and peace. To be
steadfast against such inducements was scarcely to be
expected of meanly nourished souls. In the young cities
of Graham’s former life, the newly aggregated laboring
mass had been a diverse multitude, still stirred by the
tradition of personal honor and a high morality; now it
was differentiating into a distinct class, with a moral
and physical difference of its own—even with a dialect
of its own.

  They penetrated downward, ever downward, towards
the working places. Presently they passed underneath
one of the streets of the moving ways, and saw its plat-
forms running on their rails far overhead, and chinks
of white lights between the transverse slits. The fac-
tories that were not working were sparsely lighted; to
Graham they and their shrouded aisles of giant machines
seemed plunged in gloom, and even where work was
going on the illumination was far less brilliant than
upon the public ways.

  Beyond the blazing lakes of Eadhamite he came to
the warren of the jewelers, and, with some difficulty and
by using his signature, obtained admission to these gal-
leries. They were high and dark, and rather cold. In
the first a few men were making ornaments of gold
filagree, each man at a little bench by himself, and with
a little shaded light. The long vista of light patches,
with the nimble fingers brightly lit and moving among
the gleaming yellow coils, and the intent face like the
face of a ghost, in each shadow, had the oddest effect.

  The work was beautifully executed, but without any
strength of modeling or drawing, for the most part
intricate grotesques or the ringing of the changes on a
geometrical motif. These workers wore a peculiar white
uniform without pockets or sleeves. They assumed this
on coming to work, but at night they were stripped and
examined before they left the premises of the Company.
In spite of every precaution, the Labor policeman told
them in a depressed tone, the Company was not infre-
quently robbed.

  Beyond was a gallery of women busied in cutting and
setting slabs of artificial ruby, and next these were men
and women busied together upon the slabs of copper net
that formed the basis of cloisonne tiles. Many of these
workers had lips and nostrils a livid white, due to a
disease caused by a peculiar purple enamel that chanced
to be much in fashion. Asano apologized to Graham for
(he offense of their faces, but excused himself on the
score of convenience of this route. “This is what I
wanted to see,” said Graham; “this is what I wanted to
see,” trying to avoid a start at a particularly striking
disfigurement that suddenly stared him in the face.

  “She might have done better with herself than that,”
said Asano.

  Graham made some indignant comments.

  “But, Sire, “we simply could not stand that stuff with-
out the purple,” said Asano. “In your days people could
stand such crudities, they were nearer the barbaric by
two hundred years.”

THEY continued along one of the lower galleries of
this cloisonne factory, and came to a little bridge that
spanned a vault. Looking over the parapet, Graham
saw that beneath was a wharf under yet more tremendous
archings than any he had seen. Three barges, smothered
in floury dust, were being unloaded of their cargoes of
powdered felspar by a multitude of coughing men, each
guiding a little truck; the dust filled the place with a
choking mist, and turned the electric glare yellow. The
vague shadows of these workers gesticulated about their
feet, and rushed to and fro against a long stretch of
whitewashed wall. Every now and then one would stop
to cough.

  A shadowy, huge mass of masonry rising out of the
inky water, brought to Graham’s mind the thought of
the multitude of ways and galleries and lifts, that rose
floor above floor overhead between him and the sky. The
men worked in silence under the supervision of two of
the Labor Police; their feet made a hollow thunder on
the plunks along which they went to and fro. And as he
looked at this scene, some hidden voice in the darkness
began to sing.

  “Stop that!” shouted one of the policemen, but the
order was disobeyed, and first one and then all the white-
stained men who were working there had taken up the
beating refrain, singing it defiantly, the Song of the
Revolt. The feet upon the planks thundered now to the
rhythm of the song, tramp, tramp, tramp. The police-
man who had shouted glanced at his fellow, and Graham
saw him shrug his shoulders. He made no further effort
to stop the singing.

  And so they went through these factories and places
of toil, seeing many painful and grim things. But why
should the gentle reader be depressed? Surely to a
refined nature our present world is distressing enough
without bothering ourselves about these miseries to
come. We shall not suffer anyhow. Our children may,
but what is that to us? That walk left on Graham’s mind
a maze of memories, fluctuating pictures of swathed
halls, and crowded vaults seen through clouds of dust, of
intricate machines, the racing threads of looms, the
heavy beat of stamping machinery, the roar and rattle
of belt and armature, of ill-lit subterranean aisles of
sleeping places, illimitable vistas of pin-point lights. And
here the smell of tanning, and here the reek of a brewery
and here, unprecedented reeks. And everywhere were
pillars and cross archings of such a massiveness as
Graham had never before seen, thick Titans of greasy,
shining brickwork crushed beneath the vast weight of
that complex city world, even as these anzemic millions
were crushed by its complexity. And everywhere were
pale features, lean limbs, disfigurement and degradation.

  Once and again, and again a third time, Graham
heard the song of the revolt during his long, unpleasant
research in these places, and once he saw a confused
struggle down a passage, and learnt that a number of
these serfs had seized their bread before their work
was done. Graham was ascending towards the ways
again when he saw a number of blue-clad children run-
ning down a transverse passage, and presently perceived
the reason of their panic in a company of the Labor
Police armed with clubs, trotting toward some unknown
disturbance. And then came a remote disorder. But for
the most part this remnant that worked, worked hope-
lessly. All the spirit that was left in fallen humanity
was above in the streets that night, calling for the
Master, and valiantly and noisily keeping its arms.

  They emerged from these wanderings and stood blink-
ing in the bright light of the middle passage of the plat-
forms again. They became aware of the remote hooting
and yelping of the machines of one of the General Intelli-
gence Offices, and suddenly came men running, and along
the platforms and about the ways everywhere was a
shouting and crying. Then a woman with a face of
316

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Ho saw a confuscd struggle down a passage.

mute white terror, and another who gasped and shrieked
as she ran.

  "What has happened now?” said Graham puzzled, for
he could not understand their thick speech. Then he
heard it in English and perceived that the thing that
everyone was shouting, that men yelled to one another,
that women took up screaming, that was passing like the
first breeze of a thunderstorm, chill and sudden through
the city, was this: “Ostrog has ordered the Black Police
to London. The Black Police are coming from South
Africa. . . . The Black Police. The Black Police.”
Asano's face was white and astonished: he hesitated,
looked at Graham’s face, and told him the thing he al-
ready knew. “But how can they know?" asked Asano.

  Graham heard someone shouting. “Stop all work.
Stop all work,” and a swarthy hunchback, ridiculously
gay in green and gold, came leaping down the platforms
toward him, bawling again and again in good English,
“This is Ostrog’s doing, Ostrog, the Knave! The Master
is betrayed.” His voice was hoarse and a thin foam
dropped from his ugly shouting mouth. He yelled an
unspeakable horror that the Black Police had done in
Paris, and so passed shrieking, "Ostrog the Knave!”

  For a moment Graham stood still, for it had come
upon him again that these things were a dream. He
looked up at the great cliff of buildings on either side,
vanishing into blue haze at last above the lights, and
down to the roaring tiers of platforms, and the shouting,
running people who were gesticulating past. “The Mas-
ter is betrayed!” they cried. “The Master is betrayed!”
Suddenly the situation shaped itself in his mind real
and urgent. His heart began to beat fast and strong.

  “It has come,” he said. “I might have known. The
hour has come.”

  He thought swiftly. “What am I to do?”

  “Go back to the Council House,” said Asano.

“Why should I not appeal—? The people are here.”
“You will lose time. They will doubt if it is you. But
they will mass about the Council House. There you will
find their leaders. Your strength is there—with them.”
“Suppose this is only a rumor?”

  “It sounds true,” said Asano.

  "Let us have the facts,” said Graham.

  Asano shrugged his shoulders. "We had better get
toward the Council House,” he cried. “That is where
they will swarm. Even now the ruins may be impass-
able.”

  Graham regarded him doubtfully and followed him.

  They went up the stepped platforms to the swiftest
one, and there Asano accosted a laborer. The answers
to his questions were in the thick, vulgar speech.

  “What did he say?” asked Graham.

  “He knows little, but he told me that the Black Police
would have arrived here before the people knew—had not
someone in the Wind-Vane Offices learnt. He said a
girl.”

  “A girl? Not—?”

  “He said a girl—he did not know who she was—who
came out from the Council House crying aloud, and told
the men at work among the ruins.”

  And then another thing was shouted, something that
turned an aimless tumult into determinate movements,
it came like a wind along the street. "To your Wards,
to your Wards. Every man get arms. Every man to
his Ward!”

CHAPTER XXII
The Struggle in the Council House

ASANO and Graham hurried along to the ruins about
the Council House; they saw everywhere the ex-
citement of the people rising. “To your Wards!”
To your Wards!” Everywhere men and women in blue
were hurrying from unknown subterranean employments,
up the staircases of the middle path; at one place Graham
saw an arsenal of the revolutionary committee beseiged
by a crowd of shouting men, at another a couple of men
in the hated yellow uniform of the Labor Police, pursued
by a gathering crowd, fled precipitately along the swift
way that went in the opposite direction.

  The cries of “To your Wards!” became at last a con-
tinuous shouting as they drew near the Government
quarter. Many of the shouts were unintelligible. “Os-
trog has betrayed us,” one man bawled in a hoarse voice,
again and again, dinning that refrain into Graham’s
ear until it haunted him. This person stayed close be-
side Graham and Asano on the swift way, shouting to
the people who swarmed on the lower platforms as he
rushed past them. His cry about Ostrog alternated with
some incomprehensible orders. Presently he went leap-
ing down and disappeared.

  Graham’s mind was filled with the din. His plans
were vague and unformed. He had one picture of some
commanding position from which he could address the
multitudes, another of meeting Ostrog face to face. He
was full of rage, of tense muscular excitement, his hands
gripped, his lips were pressed together.

  The way to the Council House across the ruins was
impassable, but Asano met that difficulty and took Gra-
ham into the premises of the central post-office. The
post-office was nominally at work, but the blue-clothed
porters moved sluggishly or had stopped to stare through
the arches of their galleries at the shouting men who
were going by outside. "Every man to his Ward! Every
man to his Ward!” Here, by Asano’s advice, Graham
revealed his identity.

  They crossed to the Council House by a cable cradle.
Already in the brief interval since the capitulation of
the Councillors a great change had been wrought in
the appearance of the ruins. The spurting cascades of
the ruptured sea water-mains had been captured or
tamed, and huge temporary pipes ran overhead along a
flimsy looking fabric of girders. The sky was laced with
restored cables and wires that served the Council House,
and a mass of new fabric with cranes and other building
machines going to and fro upon it, projected to the left
of the white pile.

  The moving ways that ran across this area had been
restored, albeit for once running under the open sky.
These were the ways that Graham had seen from the
little balcony in the hour of his awakening, not nine days
since, and the hall of his Trance had been on the further
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

117

side, where now shapeless piles of smashed and shattered
masonry were heaped together.

  It was already high day and the sun was shining
brightly. Out of their tall caverns of blue electric light
came the swift ways crowded with multitudes of people,
who poured off them and gathered ever denser over the
wreckage and confusion of the ruins. The air was
full of their shouting, and they were pressing and sway-
ing towards the central building. For the most part
that shouting mass consisted of shapeless swarms, but
here and there Graham could see that a rude discipline
struggled to establish itself. And every voice clamored
for order in the chaos. “To your Wards! Every man
to his Ward!”

  The cable carried them into a hall which Graham rec-
ognized as the ante-chamber to the Hall of the Atlas,
about the gallery of which he had walked days ago with
Howard to show himself to the vanished Council, an
hour from his awakening. Now the place was empty
except for two cable attendants. These men seemed
hugely astonished to recognize the Sleeper in the man
who swung down from the cross seat.

  "Where is Helen Wotton?” he demanded. “Where is
Helen Wotton?”

  They did not know.

  "Then where is Ostrog? I must see Ostrog forth-
with. He has disobeyed me. I have come back to take
things out of his hands.” Without waiting for Asano,
he went straight across the place, ascended the steps
at the further end, and pulling the curtain aside found
himself facing the perpetually laboring Titan.

  The hall was empty. Its appearance had changed
very greatly since his first sight of it. It had suffered
serious injury in the violent struggle of the first out-
break. On the right hand side of the great figure the
upper half of the wall had been torn away for nearly
two hundred feet of its length, and a sheet of the same
glassy film that had enclosed Graham at his awakening
had been drawn across the gap. This deadened, but
did not altogether exclude the roar of the people outside.
“Wards! Wards! Wards” they seemed to be saying.
Through it there were visible the beams and supports
of metal scaffoldings that rose and fell according to the
requirements of a great crowd of workmen. An idle
building machine, with lank arms of red painted metal
that caught the still plastic blocks of mineral paste and
swung them neatly into position, stretched gauntly across
this green tinted picture. On it were still a number of
workmen staring at the crowd below. For a moment he
stood regarding these things, and Asano overtook him.

  “Ostrog,” said Asano, “will be in the small offices
beyond there.” The little man looked livid now and his
eyes searched Graham’s face.

  They had scarcely advanced ten paces from the cur-
tain before a little panel to the left of the Atlas rolled
up, and Ostrog, accompanied by Lincoln and followed
by two black and yellow clad negroes, appeared crossing
the remote corner of the hall, toward a second panel
that was raised and open. “Ostrog,” shouted Graham,
and at the sound of his voice the little party turned
astonished.

  Ostrog said something to Lincoln and advanced alone.

  Graham was the first to speak. His voice was loud
and dictatorial. "What is this I hear?” he asked. “Are
you bringing negroes here—to keep the people down?”

  “It is none too soon,” said Ostrog. “They have been
getting out of hand more and more, since the revolt.
I under-estimated—”

  “Do you mean that these infernal negroes are on the
way?”

  “On the way. As it is, you have seen the people—
outside?”

  “No wonder! But—after what was said. You have
taken too much on yourself, Ostrog.”

  Ostrog said nothing, but drew nearer.

  "These negroes must not come to London,” said Gra-
ham. "I am Master and they shall not come.’’

  Ostrog glanced at Lincoln, who at once came towards
them with his two attendants close behind him. “Why
not?” asked Ostrog.

  "White men must be mastered by white men. Be-
sides—”

  "The negroes are only an instrument.”

  "But that is not the question. I am the Master. I
mean to be the Master. And I tell you these negroes
shall not come.”

  "The people—”

  “I believe in the people.”

  "Because you are an anachronism. You are a man
out of the Past—an accident. You are Owner perhaps of
half the property in the world. But you are not Master.
You do not know enough to be Master.”

  He glanced at Lincoln again. “I know now what you
think—I can guess something of what you mean to do.
Even now it is not too late to warn you. You dream of
human equality—of a socialistic order—you have all those
worn-out dreams of the nineteenth century fresh and
vivid in your mind, and you would rule this age that
you do not understand.”

  “Listen!” said Graham. “You can hear it—a sound
like the sea. Not voices—but a voice. Do you altogether
understand?”

  "We taught them that,” said Ostrog.

  "Perhaps. Can you teach them to forget it? But
enough of this! These negroes must not come.”

  There was a pause and Ostrog looked him in the eyes.
  "They will,” he said.

  “I forbid it,” said Graham.

  "They have started.”

  “I will not have it.”

  "No,” said Ostrog. "Sorry as I am to follow the
method of the Council—. For your own good—you must
not side with—Disorder. And now that you are here—.
It was kind of you to come here.”

LINCOLN laid his hand on Graham’s shoulder.
Abruptly Graham realized the enormity of his
blunder in coming to the Council House. He turned
towards the curtains that separated the hall from the
ante-chamber. The clutching hand of Asano intervened.
In another moment Lincoln had grasped Graham's cloak.

  He turned and struck at Lincoln’s face, and incon-
tinently a negro had him by collar and arm. He wrenched
himself away, his sleeve tore noisily, and he stumbled
back, to be tripped by the other attendant. Then he
struck the ground heavily and he was staring at the
distant ceiling of the hall.

  He shouted, rolled over, struggling fiercely, clutched
an attendant’s leg and threw him headlong, and struggled
to his feet.

  Lincoln appeared before him, went down heavily again
with a blow under the point of the jaw and lay still.
Graham made two strides, stumbled. And then Ostrog’s
arm was round his neck, he was pulled over backward,
fell heavily, and his arms were pinned to the ground.
After a few violent efforts, he ceased to struggle and
lay staring at Ostrog’s heaving throat.

  “You—are—a prisoner,” panted Ostrog, exulting. “You
—were rather a fool—to come back.”

  Graham turned his head about and perceived through
the irregular green window in the walls of the hall the
men who had been working the building cranes gesticu-
lating excitedly to the people below them. They had
seen!

  Ostrog followed his eyes and started. He shouted
something to Lincoln, but Lincoln did not move. A bullet
smashed among the mouldings above the Atlas. The two
sheets of transparent matter that had been stretched
118

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

across the gap were rent, the edges of the torn aperture
darkened, curved, ran rapidly towards the framework, and
in a moment the Council chamber stood open to the air.
A chilly gust blew in by the gap, bringing with it a war
of voices from the ruinous spaces without, an elvish bab-
blement, “Save the Master!” “What are they doing to
the Master?” “The Master is betrayed!”

  And then he realized that Ostrog's attention was dis-
tracted, that Ostrog’s grip had relaxed, and, wrenching
his arms free, he struggled to his knees. In another
moment he had thrust Ostrog back, and lie was on one
foot, his hand gripping Ostrog’s throat, and Ostrog’s
hands clutching the silk about his neck.

  But now men were coming towards them from the dais
—men whose intentions he misunderstood. He had a
glimpse of someone running in the distance towards the
curtains of the antechamber, and then Ostrog had slipped
from him and these newcomers were upon him. To his
infinite astonishment, they seized him. They obeyed the
shouts of Ostrog.

  He was lugged a dozen yards before he realized that
they were not friends—that they were dragging him
towards the open panel. When he saw this he pulled
back, he tried to fling himself down, he shouted for help
with all his strength. And this time there were answer-
ing cries.

  The grip upon his neck relaxed, and behold, in the
lower corner of the rent upon the wall, first one and
then a number of little black figures appeared shouting
and waving arms. They came leaping down from the
gap into the light gallery that had led to the Silent
Rooms. They ran along it, so near were they that Gra-
ham could see the weapons in their hands. Then Ostrog
was shouting in his ear to the men who held him, and
once more he was struggling with all his strength against
their endeavors to thrust him towards the opening that
yawned to receive him. "They can’t come down," panted
Ostrog. “They daren’t fire. It’s all right.” “We’ll
save him from them yet.”

  For long minutes as it seemed to Graham that in-
glorious struggle continued. His clothes were rent in
a dozen places, he was covered in dust, one hand had
been trodden upon. He could hear the shouts of his
supporters, and once he heard shots. He could feel his
strength giving way, feel his efforts wild and aimless.
But no help came, and surely, irresistibly, that black,
yawning opening came nearer.

  The pressure upon him relaxed and he struggled up.
He saw Ostrog's grey head receding and perceived that
he was no longer held. He turned about and came full
into a man in black. One of the green weapons cracked
close to him, a drift of pungent smoke came into his
face, and a steel blade flashed. The huge chamber span
about him.

  He saw a man in pale blue stabbing one of the black
and yellow attendants not three yards from his face.
Then hands were upon him again.

  He was being pulled in two directions now. It seemed
as though people were shouting to him. He wanted to
understand and could not. Someone was clutching about
his thighs, he was being hoisted in spite of his vigorous
efforts. He understood suddenly, he ceased to struggle.
He was lifted up on men’s shoulders and carried away
from that devouring panel. Ten thousand throats were
cheering.

  He saw men in blue and black hurrying after the
retreating Ostrogites and firing. Lifted up, he saw now
across the whole expanse of the hall beneath the Atlas
image, saw that he was being carried towards the raised
platform in the center of the place. The far end of the
hall was already full of people running towards him.
They were looking at him and cheering.

  He became aware that a sort of body-guard surrounded
him. Active men about him shouted vague orders. He

saw close at hand the black moustached man in yellow
who had been among those who had greeted him in the
public theatre, shouting directions. The hall was already
densely packed with swaying people, the little metal gal-
lery sagged with a shouting load, the curtains at the
end had been torn away, and the ante-chamber was re-
vealed densely crowded. He could scarcely make the
man near him hear for the tumult about them. “Where
has Ostrog gone?” he asked.

   The man he questioned pointed over the heads towards
 the lower panels about the hall on the side opposite the
 gap. They stood open and armed men, blue clad with
 black sashes, were running through them and vanishing
 into the chambers and passages beyond. It seemed to
 Graham that a sound of firing drifted through the riot.
 He was carried in a staggering curve across the great
 hall towards an opening beneath the gap.

   He perceived men working with a sort of rude disci-
pline to keep the crowd off him, to make a space clear
about him. He passed out of the hall, and saw a crude,
new wall rising blankly before him topped by blue sky.
He was swung down to his feet; someone gripped his arm
and guided him. He found the man in yellow close at-
hand. They were taking him up a narrow stairway of
brick, and close at hand rose the great red painted masses,
the cranes and levers and the still engines of the big
building machine.

   He was at the top of the steps. He was hurried across
 a narrow railed footway, and suddenly with a vast shout-
 ing the amphitheatre of ruins opened again before him.
 “The Master is with us! The Master! The Master!”
 The shout swept athwart the lake of faces like a wave,
 broke against the distant cliff of ruins, and came back
 in a welter of cries. “The Master is on our side!”

GRAHAM perceived that he was no longer encom-
passed by people, that he was standing upon a little
temporary platform of white metal, part of a flimsy
seeming scaffolding that laced about the great mass of
the Council House. Over all the huge expanse of the
ruins, swayed and .‘ddied the shouting people; and here
and there the black banners of the revolutionary socie-
ties ducked and swayed and formed rare nuclei of or-
ganization in the chaos. Up the steep stairs of wall and
scaffolding by which his rescuers had reached the opening
in the Atlas Chamber, clung a solid crowd, and little ener-
getic black figures clinging to pillars and projections
were strenuous to induce these congested masses to stir.
Behind him, at a higher point on the scaffolding, a num-
ber of men struggled upwards with the flapping folds of a
huge black standard. Through the yawning gap in the
walls below him he could look down upon the packed at-
tentive multitudes in the Hall of the Atlas. The distant
flying stages to the south came out bright and vivid,
brought nearer as it seemed by an unusual translucency
of the air. A solitary aeropile beat up from the cen-
tral stage as if to meet the coming aeroplanes.

  “What had become of Ostrog?” asked Graham, and
even as he spoke he saw that all eyes were turned from
him towards the crest of the Council House building.
He looked also in this direction of universal attention.
For a moment he saw nothing but the jagged corner of
a wall, hard and clear against the sky. Then in the
shadow he perceived the interior of a room and recognized
with a start the green and white decorations of his for-
mer prison. And coming quickly across this opened room
and up to the very verge of the cliff of the ruins came a
little white clad figure followed by two other smaller seem-
ing figures in black and yellow. He heard the man beside
him exclaim “Ostrog,” and turned to ask a question. But
he never did, because of the startled exclamation of an-
other of those who were with him and a lang finger
suddenly pointing. He looked, and beheld the aeropile
that had been rising from the flying stage when last
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

119

he had looked in that direction, was driving towards
them. The swift steady flight was still novel enough to
hold his attention.

  Nearer it came, growing rapidly larger and larger,
until it had swept over the further edge of the ruins and
into view of the dense multitudes below. It drooped
across the space and rose and passed overhead, rising to
clear the mass of the Council House, a filmy translucent
shape with the solitai— aeronaut peering down through
its ribs. It vanished beyond the skyline of the ruins.

  Graham transferred his attention to Ostrog. He was
signalling with his hands, and his attendants were busy
breaking down the wall beside him. In another moment
the aeropile came into view again, a little thing far away,
coming round in a wide curve and going slower.

  Then suddenly the man in yellow shouted: “What
are they doing? What are the people doing? Why is
Ostrog left there? Why is he not captured? They will
lift him—the aeropile will lift him! Ah!”

  The exclamation was echoed by a shout from the ruins.
The rattling sound of the green weapons drifted across
the intervening gulf to Graham, and, looking down, he
saw a number of black and yellow uniforms running
along one of the galleries that lay open to the air below
the promontory upon which Ostrog stood. They fired as
they ran at men unseen, and then emerged a number of
pale blue figures in pursuit. These minute fighting fig-
ures had the oddest effect; they seemed as they ran like
little model soldiers in a toy. This queer appearance of
a house cut open gave that struggle amidst furniture and
passages a quality of unreality. It was perhaps two
hundred yards away from him, and very nearly fifty
above the heads in the ruins below. The black and yel-
low men ran into an open archway, and turned and fired
a volley. One of the blue pursuers striding forward
close to the edge, flung up his arms, staggered sideways,
seemed to Graham’s sense to hang over the edge for sev-
eral seconds, and fell headlong down. Graham saw him
strike a projecting corner, fly out, head over heels, head
over heels, and vanish behind the red arm of the building
machine.

  And then a shadow came between Graham and the
sun. He looked up and the sky was clear, but he knew
the aeropile had passed. Ostrog had vanished. The man
in yellow thrust before him, zealous and perspiring,
pointing and blatent.

  “They are grounding!” cried the man in yellow’. “They
are grounding! Tell the people to fire at him. Tell
them to fire at him!”

  Graham could not understand. He heard loud voices
repeating these enigmatical orders.

  Suddenly over the edge of the ruins he saw the prow
of the aeropile come gliding and stop with a jerk. In a
moment Graham understood that the thing had grounded
in order that Ostrog might escape by it. He saw a blue
haze climbing out of the gulf, perceived that the people
below him were now firing up at the projecting stern.

  A man beside him cheered hoarsely, and he saw that the
blue rebels had gained the archway that had been con-
tested by the men in black and yellow a moment before,
and were running in a continual stream along the open
passage.

  And suddenly the aeropile slipped over the edge of
che Council House and fell. It dropped, tilting at an angle
of forty-five degrees, and dropping so steeply that it
seemed to Graham, it seemed perhaps to most of those
below, that it could not possibly rise again.

  It fell so closely past him that he could see Ostrog
clutching the guides of the seat, with his grey hair
streaming; see the white-faced aeronaut wrenching over
the lever that drove the engine along its guides. He
heard the apprehensive vague cry of innumerable men
below.

  Graham clutched the railing before him and gasped.
The second seemed an age. The lower van of the aeropile
passed within an ace of touching the people, who yelled
and screamed and trampled one another below.

  And then it rose.

  For a moment it looked as if it could not possibly clear
the opposite cliff, and then that it could not possibly clear
the wind-wheel that rotated beyond.

  And behold! it was clear and soaring, still heeling side-
ways, upward into the wind-swept sky.

  The suspense of the moment gave place to a fury of
exasperation as the swarming people realized that Ostrog
had escaped them. With belated activity they renewed
their fire, until the rattling wove into a roar, until the
whole area became dim and blue and the air pungent with
the thin smoke of their weapons.

  Too late! The aeropile dwindled smaller and smaller,
and curved about and swept gracefully downward to the
flying stage from which it had so lately risen. Ostrog
had escaped.

  For a while a confused babblement arose from the
ruins, and then the universal attention came back to
Graham, perched high among the scaffolding. He saw
the faces of the people turned towards him, heard their
shouts at his rescue. From the throat of the ways came
the song of the revolt spreading like a breeze across that
swaying sea of men.

  The little group of men about him shouted congratu-
lations on his escape. The man in yellow was close to him
with a set face and shining eyes. And the song was ris-
ing, louder and louder; tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp.

  Slowly the realization came of the full meaning of
these things to him, the perception of the swift change in
his position. Ostrog, who had stood beside him when-
ever he had faced that shouting multitude before, was
beyond there—the antagonist. There was no one to rule
for him any longer. Even the people about him, the
leaders and organizers of the multitude, looked to see
what he would do, looked to him to act, awaited his or-
ders. He was King indeed. His puppet reign was at
an end.

  He was very intent to do the thing that was expected
of him. His nerves and muscles were quivering, his
mind was perhaps a little confused, but he felt neither
fear nor anger. His hand that had been trodden upon
throbbed and was hot. He was a little nervous about
his bearing. He knew he was not afraid, but he was anx-
ious not to seem afraid. In his former life he had often
been more excited in playing games of skill. He was
desirous of immediate action, ho knew he must not think
too much in detail of the huge complexity of the struggle
about him lest he should be paralysed by the sense of its
intricacy. Over there those square blue shapes, the fly-
ing stages, meant Ostrog; against Ostrog he was fight-
ing for the world.

CHAPTER XXIII

While the Aeroplanes Were Coming

FOR a time the Master of the Earth was not even
master of his own mind. Even his will seemed a
will not his own, his own acts surprised him and
were but a part of the confusion of strange experiences
that poured across his being. These things were defi-
nite, the aeroplanes were coming, Helen Wotton had
warned the people of their coming, and he was Master
of the Earth. Each of these facts seemed struggling for
complete possession of his thoughts. They protruded
from a background of swarming halls, elevated passages,
rooms jammed with ward leaders in council, kinemato-
graph and telephone rooms, and windows looking out on
a seething sea of marching men. The man in yellow, and
men whom he fancied W’ere called Ward Leaders, were
either propelling him forward or following him obedi-
120

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

ently; it was hard to tell. Perhaps they were doing a
little of both. Perhaps some power unseen and unsus-
pected, propelled them all. He was aware that he was
going to make a proclamation to the People of the Earth,
aware of certain grandiose phrases floating in his mind
as the thing he meant to say. Many little things hap-
pened, and then he found himself with the man in yellow
entering a little room where this proclamation of his was
to be made.

  This room was grotesquely latter-day in its appoint-
ments. In the centre was a bright oval lit by shaded
electric lights from above. The rest was in shadow, and
the double finely fitting doors through which he came
from the swarming Hall of the Atlas made the place
very still. The dead thud of these as they closed behind
him, the sudden cessation of the tumult in which he had
been living for hours, the quivering circle of light, the
whispers and quick noiseless movements of vaguely
visible attendants in the shadows, had a strange effect
upon Graham. The huge ears of a phonographic mech-
anism gaped in a battery for his words, the black eyes
of great photographic cameras awaited his beginning,
beyond metal rods and coils glittered dimly, and some-
thing whirled about with a droning hum. He walked into
the centre of the light, and his shadow drew together
black and sharp to a little blot at his feet.

  The vague shape of the thing he meant to say was
already in his mind. But this silence, this isolation, the
sudden withdrawal from that contagious crowd, this
silent audience of gaping, glaring machines had not
been in his anticipation. All his supporters seemed
withdrawn together; he seemed to have dropped into
this suddenly, suddenly to have discovered himself. In a
moment he was changed. He found that he now feared to
be inadequate, he feared to be theatrical, he feared the
quality of his voice, the quality of his wit. Astonished,
he turned to the man in yellow with a propitiatory
gesture. "For a moment,” he said, “I must wait. I did
not think it would be like this. I must think of the
thing I have to say.”

  While he was still hesitating there came an agitated
messenger with news that the foremost aeroplanes were
passing over Arawan.

  "Arawan?” he said. “Where is that? But anyhow,
they are coming. They will be here. When?”

  "By twilight.”

  “Great God! In only a few hours. What news of the
flying stages?” he asked.

  “The people of the south-west wards are ready.”

  “Ready!”

  He turned impatiently to the blank circles of the lenses
again.

  “I suppose it must be a sort of speech. Would to
God I knew certainly the thing that should be said!
Aeroplanes at Arawan! They must have started before
the main fleet. And the people only ready! Surely . . .”

  “Oh! what does it matter whether I speak well or
ill?” he said, and felt the light grow brighter.

  He had framed some vague sentence of democratic
sentiment when suddenly doubts overwhelmed him. His
belief in his heroic quality and calling he found had
altogether lost its assured conviction. The picture of a
little strutting futility in a windy waste of incompre-
hensible destinies replaced it. Abruptly it was perfectly
clear to him that this revolt against Ostrog was prema-
ture, foredoomed to failure, the impulse of passionate
inadequacy against inevitable things. He thought of
that swift flight of aeroplanes like the swoop of Fate
towards him. He was astonished that he could have
seen things in any other light. In that final emergency
he debated, thrust debate resolutely aside, determined
at all costs to go through with the thing he had under-
taken. And he could find no word to begin. Even as he
stood awkward, hesitating, with an indiscreet apology

for his inability trembling on his lips, came the noise of
many people crying out, the running to and fro of feet,
“Wait,” cried someone, and a door opened. “She is com-
ing,” said the voices. Graham turned, and the watching
lights waned.

  Through the open doorway he saw a slight grey figure
advancing across a spacious hall. His heart leapt. It
was Helen Wotton. Behind and about her marched a
riot of applause. The man in yellow came out of the
nearer shadows into the circle of light.

  "This is the girl who told us what Ostrog had done,’:
he said.

  Her face was aflame, and the heavy coils of her black
hair fell about her shoulders. The folds of the soft
silk robe she wore streamed from her and floated in the
rhythm of her advance. She drew nearer and nearer,
and his heart was beating fast. All his doubts were
gone. The shadow of the doorway fell athwart her face
and she was near him. "You have not betrayed us?”
she cried. “You are with us?”

  "Where have you been?” said Graham.

  "At the office of the south-west wards. Until ten min-
utes since I did not know you had returned. I went to
the office of the south-west wards to find the Ward
Leaders in order that they might tell the people.

  “I came back as soon as I heard—.”

  "I knew,” she cried, “knew you would be with us. And
it was I—it was I that told them. They have risen. All
the world is rising. The people have awakened. Thank
God that I did not act in vain! You are Master still.”
“You told them,” he said slowly, and he saw that in
spite of her steady eyes her lips trembled and her throat
rose and fell.

  “I told them. I knew of the order. I was here. I
heard that the negroes were to come to London to guard
you and keep the people down—to keep you a prisoner.
And I stopped it. I came out and told the people. And
you are master still.”

  Graham glanced at the black lenses of the cameras,
the vast listening ears, and back to her face. “I am
Master still,” he said slowly, and the swift rush of a
fleet of aeroplanes passed across his thoughts.

  “And you did this? You, who are the niece of Ostrog.”
“For you,” she cried. "For you! That you for whom
the world has waited should not be cheated of your
power.”

  Graham stood for a space, wordless, regarding her.
His doubts and questionings had fled before her presence.
He remembered the things that he had meant to say.
He faced the cameras again and the light about him
grew brighter. He turned again towards her.

  “You have saved me,” he said; “you have saved my
power. And the battle is beginning. God knows what
this night shall see—but not dishonor.”

  He paused. He addressed himself to those unseen
multitudes who stared upon him through those grotesque
black eyes. At first he spoke slowly.

  “Men and women of the new age,” he said, “You have
arisen to do battle for the race! . . . There is no easy
victory before us.”

HE stopped to gather words. The thoughts that had
been in his mind before she came returned, but
transfigured, no longer touched with the shadow of a pos-
sible irrelevance. “This night is a beginning,” he cried.
“This battle that is coming, this battle that rushes upon
us tonight, is only a beginning. All your lives, it may
be, you must fight. Take no thought though I am beaten,
though I am utterly overthrown.”

  He found the thing in his mind too vague for words.
He paused momentarily, and broke into vague exhorta-
tions, and then a rush of speech came upon him. Much
that he said was but the humanitarian commonplace of
a vanished age, but the conviction of his voice touched
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

121

it to vitality. He stated the case of the old days to
the people of the new age, to the woman at his side. “I
come out of the past to you,” he said, “with the memory
of an age that hoped. My age was an age of dreams—
of beginnings, an age of noble hopes; throughout the
world we had made an end of slavery; throughout the
world we had spread the desire and anticipation that
wars might cease, that all men and women might live
nobly, in freedom and peace. ... So we hoped in
the days that are past. And what of those hopes? How
is it with man after two hundred years?

  "Great cities, vast powers, a collective greatness be-
yond our dreams. For that we did not work, and that
has come. But how is it with the little lives that make
up this greater life? How is it with the common lives?
As it has been—sorrow and labor, lives cramped and
unfulfilled, lives tempted by power, tempted by wealth,
and gone to waste and folly. The old faiths have faded
and changed, the new faith—. Is there a new faith?”

  Things that he had long wished to believe, he found
that he believed. He plunged at belief and seized it, and
clung for a time at her level. He spoke gustily, in
broken incomplete sentences, but with all his heart and
strength, of this new faith within him. He spoke of
the greatness of self-abnegation, of his belief in an im-
mortal life of Humanity in which we live and move and
have our being. His voice rose and fell, and the record-
ing appliances hummed their hurried applause, dim at-
tendants watched him out of the shadow. Through all
those doubtful places his sense of that silent spectator
beside him sustained his sincerity. For a few glorious
moments he was carried away; he felt no doubt of his
heroic quality, no doubt of his heroic words, he had it
all straight and plain. His eloquence limped no longer.
And at last he made an end to speaking. “Here and
now,” he cried, “I make my will. All that is mine in
the world I give to the people of the world. All that is
mine in the world I give to the people of the world. I
give it to you, and myself I give to you. And as God
wills, I will live for you, or I will die.”

  He ended with a florid gesture and turned about. He
found the light of his present exaltation reflected in the
face of the girl. Their eyes met; her eyes were swim-
ming with tears of enthusiasm. They seemed to be
urged towards each other. They clasped hands and
stood gripped, facing one another, in an eloquent silence.
She whispered. “I knew,” she whispered. “I knew.”
He could not speak, he crushed her hand in his. His
mind was the theatre of gigantic passions.

  The man in yellow was beside them. Neither had
noted his coming. He was saying that the south-west
wards were marching. “I never expected it so soon,” he
cried. “They have done wonders. You must send them
a word to help them on their way.”

  Graham dropped Helen’s hand and stared at him
absent-mindedly. Then with a start he returned to his
previous preoccupation about the flying stages.

  “Yes," he said. “That is good, that is good.” He
weighed a message. “Tell them;—well done South
West.”

  He turned his eyes to Helen Wotton again. His face
expressed his struggle between conflicting ideas. “We
must capture the flying stages,” he explained. "Unless
we can do that they will land negroes. At all costs we
must prevent that.”

  He felt even as he spoke that this was not what had
been in his mind before the interruption. He saw a
touch of surprise in her eyes. She seemed about to
speak and a shrill bell drowned her voice.

  It occurred to Graham that she expected him to lead
these marching people, that that was the thing he had
to do. He made the offer abruptly. He addressed the
man in yellow, but he spoke to her. He saw her face
respond. “Here I am doing nothing,” he said.

  “It is impossible,” protested the man in yellow. “It is
a fight in a warren. Your place is here.”

  He explained elaborately. He motioned towards the
room where Graham must wait, he insisted no other
course was possible. “We must know where you are,”
he said. “At any moment a crisis may arise needing
your presence and decision.” The room was a luxurious
little apartment with news machines and a broken mirror
that had once been en rapport with the crow’s nest spec-
ula. It seemed a matter of course to Graham that Helen
should stop for him.

A PICTURE of such a vast dramatic struggle as the
masses in the ruins had suggested had drifted
through his mind. But here was no spectacular battle-
field such as he imagined. Instead was seclusion—and
suspense. It was only as the afternoon wore on that
he pieced together a truer picture of the fight that was
raging, inaudibly and invisibly, within four miles of
him, beneath the Roehampton stage. A strange and un-
precedented contest it was, a battle that was a hundred
thousand little battles, a battle in a sponge of ways and
channels, fought out of sight of sky or sun under the elec-
tric glare, fought out in a vast confusion by multitudes
untrained in arms, led chiefly by acclamation, multitudes
dulled by mindless labor and enervated by the tradition
of two hundred years of servile security against multi-
tudes demoralized by lives of venial privilege and sensual
indulgence. They had no artillery, no differentiation into
this force or that; the only weapon on either side was the
little green metal carbine, whose secret manufacture and
sudden distribution in enormous quantities had been one
of Ostrog's culminating moves against the Council. Few
had had any experience with this weapon, many had never
discharged one, many who carried it came unprovided
with ammunition; never was wilder firing in the history
of warfare. It was a battle of amateurs, a hideous ex-
perimental warfare, armed rioters fighting armed riot-
ers, armed rioters swept forward by the words and fury
of a song, by the trampling sympathy of their numbers,
pouring in countless myriads towards the smaller ways,
the disabled lifts, the galleries slippery with blood, the
halls and passages choked with smoke, beneath the flying
stages, to learn there when retreat was hopeless the
ancient mysteries of warfare. And overhead save for a
few sharpshooters upon the roof spaces and for a few
bands and threads of vapor that multiplied and darkened
towards the evening, the day was a clear serenity. Os-
trog it seems had no bombs at command and in all the
earlier phases of the battle the aeropiles played no part.
Not the smallest cloud was there to break the empty
brilliance of the sky. It seemed as though it held itself
vacant until the aeroplanes should come.

  Ever and again there was news of these, drawing
nearer, from this Mediterranean port and then that, and
presently from the south of France. But of the new
guns that Ostrog had made and which were known to be
in the city came no news in spite of Graham's urgency,
nor any report of success from the dense felt of fighting
strands about the flying stages. Section after section of
the Labor Societies reported itself assembled, reported
itself marching, and vanished from knowledge into the
labyrinth of that warfare. What was happening there?
Even the busy ward leaders did not know. In spite of
the opening and closing of doors, the hasty messengers,
the ringing of bells and the perpetual clitter-clack of
recording implements, Graham felt isolated, strangely
inactive, inoperative.

  Their isolation seemed at times the strangest, the most
unexpected of all the things that had happened since
his awakening. It had something of the quality of that
inactivity that comes in dreams. A tumult, the stu-
pendous realization of a world struggle between Ostrog
and himself, and then this confined quiet little room
with its mouthpieces and bells and broken mirror!
122

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

  Now the door would be closed and they were alone
together; they seemed sharply marked off then from all
the unprecedented world storm that rushed together
without, vividly aware of one another, only concerned
with one another. Then the door would open again,
messengers would enter, or a sharp bell would stab their
quiet privacy, and it was like a window in a well built
brightly lit house flung open suddenly to a hurricane. The
dark hurry and tumult, the stress and vehemence of the
battle rushed in and overwhelmed them. They were no
longer persons but mere spectators, mere impressions of
a tremendous convulsion. They became unreal even to
themselves, miniatures of personality, indescribably
small, and the two antagonistic realities, the only realities
in being were first the city, that throbbed and roared
yonder in a belated frenzy of defence and secondly the
aeroplanes hurling inexorably towards them over the
round shoulder of the world.

   At first their mood had been one of exalted confidence,
a great pride had possessed them, a pride in one another
for the greatness of the issues they had challenged. At
first he had walked the room eloquent with a transitory
persuasion of his tremendous destiny. But slowly un-
easy intimations of their coming defeat touched his spirit.
There came a long period in which they were alone. He
changed his theme, became egotistical, spoke of the won-
der of his sleep, of the little life of his memories, remote
yet minute and clear, like something seen through an
inverted opera-glass, and all the brief play of desires and
errors that had made his former life. She said little,
but the emotion in her face followed the tones in his
voice, and it seemed to him he had at last a perfect
understanding. He reverted from pure reminiscence to
that sense of greatness she imposed upon him. “And
through it all, this destiny was before me," he said; “this
vast inheritance of which I did not dream.”

   Insensibly their heroic preoccupation with the revolu-
tionary struggle passed to the question of their relation-
ship. He began to question her. She told him of the
days before his awakening, spoke with a brief vividness
of the girlish dreams that had given a bias to her life,
of the incredulous emotions his awakening had aroused.
She told him too of a tragic circumstance of her girlhood
that had darkened her life, quickened her sense of in-
justice and opened her heart prematurely to the wider
sorrows of the world. For a little time, so far as he was
concerned, the great war about them was but the vast
ennobling background to these personal things.

   In an instant these personal relations were submerged.
There came messengers to tell that a great fleet of aero-
planes was rushing between the sky and Avignon. He
went to the crystal dial in the corner and assured him-
self that the thing was so. He went to the chart room
and consulted a map to measure the distances of Avig-
non, New Arawan, and London. He made swift calcu-
lations. He went to the room of the Ward Leaders to
ask for news of the fight for the stages—and there was
no one there. After a time he came back to her.

  His face had changed. It had dawned upon him that
the struggle was perhaps more than half over, that Os-
trog was holding his own, that the arrival of the aero-
planes would mean a panic that might leave him help-
less. A chance phrase in the message had given him a
glimpse of the reality that came. Each of these soaring
giants bore its thousand half-savage negroes to the death
grapple of the city. Suddenly his humanitarian enthus-
iasm showed flimsy. Only two of the Ward Leaders were
in their room, when presently he repaired thither; the
Hall of Atlas seemed empty. He fancied a change in the
bearing of the attendants in the outer rooms. A sombre
disillusionment darkened his mind. She looked at him
anxiously when he returned to her.

  "No news,” he said with an assumed carelessness, in
answer to her eyes.

   Then he was moved to frankness. "Or rather—bad
 news. We are losing. We are gaining no ground and
 aeroplanes draw nearer and nearer.”

   He walked the length of the room and turned.

   "Unless we can capture those flying stages in the next
 hour—there will be horrible things. We shall be beaten."

   "No!" she said. "We have justice—we have the peo-
 ple. We have God on our side.”

   ‘ Ostrog has discipline—he had plans. Do you know,
 out there just now I felt—. When I heard that these
 aeroplanes were a stage nearer. I felt as if I were
 fighting the machinery of fate.”

   She made no answer for a while. “We have done
 right,” she said at last.

   He looked at her doubtfully. “We have done what we
 could. But does this depend upon us? Is it not an older
 sin, a wider sin?”

   “What do you mean?” she asked.

   "These blacks are savages, ruled by force, used as
 force. And they have been under the rule of the whites
 two hundred years. Is it not a race quarrel? The race
 sinned—the race pays.”

   "But these laborers, these poor people of London—!”
 "Vicarious atonement. To stand wrong is to share
 the guilt.”

   She looked keenly at him, astonished at the new aspect
 he presented.

   Without came the shrill ringing of a bell, the sound
 of feet and the gabble of a phonographic message. The
 man in yellow appeared. “Yes?” said Graham.

   "They are at Vichy.”

   "Where are the attendants who were in the great Hall
 of the Atlas?'’ asked Graham abruptly.

   Presently the Babble Machine rang again. “We may
 win yet,” said the man in yellow, going out to it. “If
 only we can find where Ostrog has hidden his guns.
 Everything hangs on that now. Perhaps this—"
 Graham followed him. But the only news was of the
 aeroplanes. They had reached Orleans.

   Graham returned to Helen. "No news,” he said. “No
 news.”

   “And we can do nothing?”

   "Nothing.”

 HE paced impatiently. Suddenly the swift anger
 that was his nature swept over him. "Curse this
 complex world!” he cried, “and all the inventions of
 men! That a man must die like a rat in a snare and
 never see his foe! Oh, for one blow! ...”

 «m?e ,turned with an abrupt change in his manner.

 1 hat s nonsense,” he said. “I am a savage.”

   He paced and stopped. “After all, London and Paris
 are only two cities. All the temperate zone has risen.
 What if London is doomed and Paris destroyed? These
 are but accidents.” Again came the mockery of news to
 call him to fresh enquiries. He returned with a graver
 face and sat down beside her.

 “The end must be near,” he said. "The people it seems
 have fought and died in tens of thousands, the ways
 about Roehampton must be like a smoked beehive. And
 they have died in vain. They are still only at the sub
 stage. The aeroplanes are near Paris. Even were a
 gleam of success to come now, there would be nothing to
 do, there would be no time to do anything before they
 were upon us. The guns that might have saved us are
 mislaid. Mislaid! Think of the disorder of things!
 think of this foolish tumult, that cannot even find its
 weapons! Oh, for one aeropile—just one! For the
 want of that I am beaten. Humanity is beaten and our
 cause is lost! My kingship, my headlong foolish king-
 ship will not last a night. And I have egged on the
 people to fight—”

 "They would have fought anyhow."

 “I doubt it. I have come among them—■”
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

123

  "No," she cried, "not that. If defeat comes—if you
die—. But even that cannot be, it cannot be, after all
these years.”

  “Ah! We have meant well. But—do you indeed be-
lieve—?”

  “If they defeat you.” she cried, “you have spoken.
Your word has gone like a great wind through the world,
fanning liberty into a flame. What if the flame sputters
a little! Nothing can change the spoken word. Your
message will have gone forth. ...”

  “To what end? It may be. It may be. You know I
said, when you told me of these things—dear God! but
that was scarcely a score of hours ago!—I said that I had
not your faith. Well—at any rate there is nothing to
do now. ...”

  “You have not my faith! Do you mean—? You are
sorryt"

  “No,” he said hurriedly, “no! Before God—no!” His
voice changed. “But—. I think—I have been indis-
creet. I knew little—I grasped too hastily. ...”

  He paused. He was ashamed of this avowal. “There
is one thing that makes up for all. I have known you.
Across this gulf of time I have come to you. The rest is
done. With you, too, it has been something more—or
something less—”

  He paused with his face searching hers, and without
clamored the unheeded message that the aeroplanes were
rising into the sky of Amiens.

  She put her hand to her throat, and her lips were white.
She stared before her as if she saw some horrible pos-
sibility. Suddenly her features changed. “Oh, but I have
been honest!” she cried, and then, “Have I been honest?
I loved the world and freedom, I hated cruelty and op-
pression. Surely it was that.”

  “Yes,” he said, “yes. And we have done what it lay
in us to do. We have given our message, our message!
We have started Armageddon! But now—. Now that
we have, it may be our last hour, together, now that all
these greater things are done. ..."

  He stopped. She sat in silence. Her face was a white
riddle.

    For a moment they heeded nothing of a sudden stir
outside, a running to and fro, and cries. Then Helen
started to an attitude of tense attention. “It is—,” she
cried and stood up, speechless, incredulous, triumphant.
And Graham, too, heard. Metallic voices were shout-
ing “Victory!” Yes it was “Victory!" He stood up also
with the light of a desperate hope in his eyes.

  Bursting through the curtains appeared the man in
yellow, startled and dishevelled with excitement. “Vic-
tory,” he cried, “victory! The people are winning. Os-
trog’s people have collapsed.”

  She rose. “Victory?” And her voice was hoarse and
faint.

  “What do you mean?" asked Graham. “Tell me!
What?”

  “We have driven them out of the under galleries at
Norwood, Streatham is afire and burning wildly, and
Roehampton is ours. Ours!—and we have taken the
aeropile that lay thereon.”

  For an instant Graham and Helen stood in silence,
their hearts were beating fast, they looked at one another.
For one last moment there gleamed in Graham his dream
of empire, of kingship, with Helen by his side. It
gleamed, and passed.

  A shrill bell rang. An agitated grey-headed man ap-
peared from the room of the Ward Leaders. “It is all
over,” he cried.

  “What matters it now that we have Roehampton? The
aeroplanes have been sighted at Boulogne!”

  “The Channel!" said the man in yellow. He calculated
swiftly. “Half an hour.”

  “They still have three of the flying stages.” said the
old man.

 “Those guns?” cried Graham.

 “We cannot mount them—in half an hour.”

 “Do you mean they are found?"

 “Too late,” said the old man.

 “If we could stop them another hour!” cried the man
 in yellow.

 “Nothing can stop them now,” said the old man. “They
 have near a hundred aeroplanes in the first fleet.”
 “Another hour?” asked Graham.

 “To be so near!” said the Ward Leader. “Now that we
 have found those guns. To be so near—. If once we
 could get them out upon the roof spaces.”

 “How long would that take?” asked Graham suddenly.
 "An hour—certainly.”

 “Too late,” cried the Ward Leader, “too late.”

 "Is it too late?” said Graham. “Even now—. An
 hour!”

 He had suddenly perceived a possibility. He tried to
 speak calmly, but his face was white. “There is one
 chance. You said there was an aeropile—?”

 “On the Roehampton stage, Sire.”

 “Smashed?”

 “No. It is lying crossways to the carrier. It might
 be got upon the guides—easily. But there is no aero-
 naut—.”

 Graham glanced at the two men and then at Helen.
 He spoke after a long pause. “We have no aeronauts?"
 “None.”

 “The aeroplanes are clumsy,” he said thoughtfully,
 “compared with the aeropiles.”

 He turned suddenly to Helen. His decision was made.
 “I must do it.”

 “Do what?”

 "Go to this flying stage—to this aeropile.”

 “What do you mean?”

 "I am an aeronaut. After all—. Those days for which
 you reproached me were not altogether wasted.”

 He turned to the old man in yellow. “Tell them to put
 the aeropile upon the guides.”

 The man in yellow hesitated.

 “What do you mean to do?” cried Helen.

 “This aeropile—it is a chance—.”

 “You don't mean—?”

 “To fight—yes. To fight in the air. I have thought
 before—. An aeroplane is a clumsy thing. A resolute
 man—!”

 “But—never since flying began—” cried the man in
 yellow.

 “There has been no need. But now the time has come.
 Tell them now—send them my message—to put it upon
 the guides.”

 The old man dumbly interrogated the man in yellow,
 nodded, and hurried out.

 Helen made a step towards Graham. Her face was
 white. “But—How can one fight? You will be killed.”
 “Perhaps. Yet, not to do it—or to let someone else
 attempt it—.”

 He stopped, he could speak no more, he swept the al-
 ternative aside by a gesture, and they stood looking at
 one another.

 “You are right,” she said at last in a low tone. “You
 are right. If it can.be done. . . . You must go.”

 He moved a step towards her, and she stepped back, her
 white face struggled against him and resisted him.
 "No!” she gasped. “I cannot bear—. Go now.”

 He extended his hands stupidly. She clenched her fists.
 "Go now,” she cried. “Go now.”

 He hesitated and understood. He threw his hands up
 in a queer half-theatrical gesture. He had no word to
 say. He turned from her.

 The man in yellow moved towards the door with clumsy
 belated tact. But Graham stepped past him. He went
 striding through the room where the Ward Leader bawled
AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

The man in yellow was pointing to the acropilei.

 at a telephone directing that the aeropile should be put
 upon the guides.

  The man in yellow glanced at Helen’s still figure, hesi-
tated and hurried after him. Graham did not once look
back, he did not speak until the curtain of the ante-cham-
ber of the great Hall fell behind him. Then he turned his
head with curt swift directions upon his bloodless lips.

CHAPTER XXIV

The Coining of the Aeroplanes

TWO men in pale blue were lying in the irregular line
that stretched along the edge of the captured Roe-
hampton stage from end to end, grasping their car-
bines and peering into the shadows of the stage called
Wimbledon Park. Now and then they spoke to one an-
other. They spoke the mutilated English of their class
and period. The fire of the Ostrogites had dwindled
and ceased, and few of the enemy had been seen for some
time. But the echoes of the fight that was going on now
far below in the lower galleries of that stage, came every
now and then between the staccato of shots from the
popular side. One of these men was describing to the
other how he had seen a man down below there dodge
behind a girder, and had aimed at a guess and hit him

cleanly as he dodged too far. “He’s down there still,”
said the marksman. “See that little patch. Yes. Be-
tween those bars.” A few yards behind them lay a dead
stranger, face upward to the sky, with the blue canvas
of his jacket smouldering in a circle about the neat bul-
let hole on his chest. Close beside him a wounded man,
with a leg swathed about, sat with an expressionless face
and watched the progress of that burning. Gigantic
behind them, athwart the carrier lay the captured
aeropile.

  "I can’t see him now,” said the second man in a tone
of provocation.

  The marksman became foul-mouthed and high-voiced
in his earnest endeavor to make things plain. And sud-
denly, interrupting him, came a noisy shouting from the
substage.

  “What’s going on now,” he said, and raised himself 011
one arm to stare at the stairheads in the central groove
of the stage. A number of blue figures were coming up
these, and swarming across the stage to the aeropile.

  “We don’t want all these fools,” said his friend. “They
only crowd up and spoil shots. What are they after?”

  “Ssh!—they’re shouting something.”

  The two men listened. The swarming newcomers had
crowded densely about the aeropile. Three Ward Lead-
WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES

125

ers, conspicuous by their black mantles and badges, clam-
bered into the body and appeared above it. The rank and
file flung themselves upon the vans, gripping hold of the
edges, until the entire outline of the thing was manned,
in some places three deep. One of the marksmen knelt
up. “They’re putting it on the carrier—that's what
they're after.”

  He rose to his feet, his friend rose also. “What's the
good?” said his friend. "We've got no aeronauts.”

  "That’s what they're doing anyhow.” He looked at his
rifle, looked at the struggling crowd, and suddenly turn-
ing lo the wounded man. “Mind these, mate,” he said,
handing his carbine and cartridge belt; and in a moment
he was running towards the aeropile. For a quarter of
an hour he was a perspiring Titan, lugging, thrusting,
shouting and heeding shouts, and then the thing was
done, and he stood with a multitude of others cheering
their own achievement. By this time he knew, what in-
deed everyone in the city knew, that the Master, raw
learner though he was, intended to fly this machine him-
self, was coming even now to take control of it, would
let no other man attempt it. “He who takes the greatest
danger, he who bears the heaviest burden, that man is
King,” so the Master was reported to have spoken. And
even as this man cheered, and while the beads of sweat
still chased one another from the disorder of his hair, he
heard the thunder of a greater tumult, and in fitful
snatches the beat and impulse of the revolutionary song.
He saw through a gap in the people that a thick stream
of heads still poured up the stairway. “The Master is
coming,” shouted voices, “the Master is coming." and
the crowd about him grew denser and denser. He began
to thrust himself towards the central groove. “The Mas-
ter is coming!" “The Sleeper, the Master!” “God and
the Master!” roared the voices.

  And suddenly quite close to him were the black uni-
forms of the revolutionary guard, and for the first and
last time in his life he saw Graham, saw him quite clearly.
A tall, dark man in a flowing black robe, with a white,
resolute face and eyes fixed steadfastly before him; a man
who for all the little things about him had neither ears
nor eyes nor thoughts. . . . For all his days that man
remembered the passing of Graham’s bloodless face. In
a moment it had gone and he was fighting in the swaying
crowd. A lad weeping with terror thrust against him,
pressing toward the stairways, yelling “Clear for the
aeropile!” The bell that clears the flying stage became
a loud unmelodious clanging.

  With that clanging in his ears Graham drew near the
aeropile, marched into the shadow of its tilting wing.
He became aware that a number of people about him
were offering to accompany him, and waved their offers
aside. He wanted to think how one started the engine.
The bell clanged faster and faster, and the feet of the
retreating people roared faster and louder. The man
in yellow was assisting him to mount through the ribs
of the body. He clambered into the aeronaut's place,
fixing himself very carefully and deliberately. What was
it? The man in yellow was pointing to two aeropiles
driving upward in the southern sky. No doubt they were
looking for the coming aeroplanes. That—presently—
the thing to do now was to start. Things were being
shouted at him. questions, warnings. They bother him.
He wanted to think about the aeropile, to recall every
item of his previous experience. He waved the people
from him, saw the man in yellow dropping off through
the ribs, saw the crowd cleft down the line of the girders
by his gesture.

  For a moment he was motionless, staring at the levers,
the wheel by which the engine shifted, and all the deli-
cate appliances of which he knew so little. His eye
caught a spirit level with the bubble towards him, and
he remembered something, spent a dozen seconds in
swinging the engine forward until the bubble floated in

 the centre of the tube. He noted that the people were
 not shouting, knew they watched his deliberation. A
 bullet smashed on the bar above his head. Who fired?
 Was the line clear of people? He stood up to see and
 sat down again.

 IN another second the propeller was spinning, and he
 was rushing down the guides. He gripped the wheel
 and swung the engine back to lift the stem. Then it was
 the people shouted. In a moment he was throbbing with
 the quiver of the engine, and the shouts dwindled swiftly
 behind, rushed down to silence. The wind whistled over
 the edges of the screen, and the world sank away from
 him very swiftly.

   Throb, throb, throb—throb, throb, throb; up he drove.
 He fancied himself free of all excitement, felt cool and
 deliberate. He lifted the stem still more, opened one
 valve on his left wing and swept round and up. He
 looked down with a steady head, and up. One of the
 Ostrogite aeropiles was driving across his course, so that
 he drove obliquely towards it and would pass below it
 at a steep angle. Its little aeronauts were peering down
 at him. What did they mean to do? His mind became
 active. One, he saw held a weapon pointing, seemed
 prepared to fire. What did they think he meant to do? In
 a moment he understood their tactics, and his resolution
 was taken. His momentary lethargy was past. He opened
 two more valves to his left, swung round, end on to this
 hostile machine, closed his valves, and shot straight at
 it, stem and wind-screening shielding him from the shot.
 They tilted a little as if to clear him. He flung up his
 stem.

   Throb, throb, throb—pause—throb, throb—he set his
 teeth, his face into an involuntary grimace, and crash!
 He struck itl He struck upward beneath the nearer wing.

   Very slowly the wing of his antagonist seemed to
 broaden as the impetus of his blow turned it up. He saw
 the full breadth of it and then it slid downward out of
 his sight.

   He felt his stem going down, his hands tightened on
 the levers, whirled and rammed the engine back. He
 felt the jerk of a clearance, the nose of the machine
 jerked up steeply, and for a moment he seemed to be
 lying on his back. The machine was reeling and stag-

The destruction of the aeropile.
120

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

gering, it seemed to be dancing on its screw. He made
a huge effort, hung for a moment on the levers, and
slowly the engine came forward again. He was driving
upward but no longer so steeply. He gasped for a mo-
ment and flung himself at the levers again. The wind
whistled about him. One further effort and he was al-
most level. He could breathe. He turned his head for
the first time to see what had become of his antagonists.
Turned back to the levers for a moment and looked
again. For a moment he could have believed they were
annihilated. And then he saw between the two stages
to the east was a chasm, and down this something, a
slender edge, fell swiftly and vanished, as a sixpence falls
down a crack.

  At first he did not understand, and then a wild joy
possessed him. He shouted at the top of his voice, an
inarticulate shout, and drove higher and higher up the
sky. Throb, throb, throb, pause, throb, throb, throb.
"Where was the other aeropile?” he thought. “They,
too—.” As he looked round the empty heavens he had
a momentary fear that this machine had risen above him,
and then he saw it alighting on the Norwood stage.
They had meant shooting. To risk being rammed head-
long two thousand feet in the air was beyond their
latter-day courage. The combat was declined.

  For a little while he circled, then swooped in a steep
descent towards the westward stage. Throb, throb,
throb, throb, throb, throb. The twilight was creeping
on apace, the smoke from the Streatham stage that had
been so dense and dark, was now a pillar of fire, and all
the laced curves of the moving ways and the translucent
rooms and domes and the chasms between the buildings
were glowing softly now, lit by the tempered radiance
of the electric light that the glare of the day overpowered.
The three efficient stages that the Ostrogites held—for
Wimbledon Park was useless because of the fire from
Roehampton, and Streatham was a furnace—were glow-
ing with guide lights for the coming aeroplanes. As he
swept over the Roehampton stage he saw the dark masses
of the people thereon. He heard a clap of frantic cheer-
ing, heard a bullet from the Wimbledon Park stage tweet
through the air, and went beating up above the Surrey
wastes. He felt a breath of wind from the south-west,
and lifted his westward wing as he had learned to do,
and so drove upward heeling into the rare swift upper
air. Throb, throb, throb—throb, throb, throb.

  Up he drove and up, to that pulsating rhythm, until
the country beneath was blue and indistinct, and London
spread like a little map traced in light, like the mere
model of a city near the brim of the horizon. The south-
west was a sky of sapphire over the shadowy rim of the
world, and ever as he drove upwards the multitude of
stars increased.

  And behold! In the southward, low down and glitter-
ing swiftly nearer, were two little patches of nebulous
light. And then two more, and then a nebulous glow of
swiftly driving shapes. Presently he could count them.
There were four and twenty. The first fleet of aeroplanes
had come! Beyond appeared a yet greater glow.

  He swept round in a half circle, staring at this ad-
vancing fleet. It flew in a wedge-like shape, a triangular
flight of gigantic phosphorescent shapes sweeping nearer
through the lower air. He made a swift calculation of
their pace, and spun the little wheel that brought the
sngine forward. He touched a lever and the throbbing
affort of the engine ceased. He began to fall, fell swifter
and swifter. He aimed at the apex of the wedge. He
dropped like a stone through the whistling air. It seemed
scarce a second from that soaring moment before he
struck the foremost aeroplane.

  No man of all that black multitude saw the coming
of his fate, no man among them dreamt of the hawk
that struck downward upon him out of the sky. Those
who were not limp in the agonies of air-sickness, were

craning their black necks and staring to see the filmy
city that was rising out of the haze, the rich and splendid
city to which "Massa Boss” had brought their obedient
muscles. Bright teeth gleamed and the glossy faces
shone. They had heard of Paris. They knew they were
to have lordly times among the "poor white” trash. And
suddenly Graham struck them.

  He had aimed at the body of the aeroplane, but at
the very last instant a better idea had flashed into his
mind. He twisted about and struck near the edge of
the starboard wing with all his accumulated weight. He
was jerked back as he struck. His prow went gliding
across its smooth expanse towards the rim. He felt the
forward rush of the huge fabric sweeping him and his
aeropile along with it, and for a moment that seemed an
age he could not tell what was happening. He heard a
thousand throats yelling, and perceived that his machine
was balanced on the edge of the gigantic float, and driving
down, down; glanced over his shoulder and saw the back-
bone of the aeroplane and the opposite float swaying up.
He had a vision through the ribs of sliding chairs, staring
faces, and hands clutching at the tilting guide bars. The
fenestrations in the further float flashed open as the aero-
naut tried to right her. Beyond he saw a second aero-
plane leaping steeply to escape the whirl of its heeling
fellow. The broad area of swaying wings seemed to
jerk upward. He felt his aeropile had dropped clear,
that the monstrous fabric, clean overturned, hung like a
sloping wall above him.

  He did not clearly understand that he had struck the
side float of the aeroplane and slipped off, but he per-
ceived that he was flying free on the down glide and
rapidly nearing earth. What had he done? His heart
throbbed like a noisy engine in this throat and for a
perilous instant he could not move his levers because of
the paralysis of his hands. He wrenched the levers to
throw his engine back, fought for two seconds against the
weight of it, felt himself righting, driving horizontally,
set the engine beating again.

HE looked upward and saw two aeroplanes glide shout-
ing far overhead, looked back, and saw the main
body of the fleet opening out and rushing upward and
outward; saw the one he had struck fall edgewise on
and strike like a gigantic knife-blade along the wind-
wheels below it.

  He put down his stern and looked again. He drove up
heedless of his direction as he watched. He saw the
wind-vanes give, saw the huge fabric strike the earth,
saw its downward vans crumple with the weight of its
descent, and then the whole mass turned over and
smashed upside down, upon the sloping wheels. Throb,
throb, throb, pause. Suddenly from the heaving wreck-
age a thin tongue of white fire licked up toward the
zenith. And then he was aware of a huge mass flying
through the air towards him, and turned upwards just
in time to escape the charge—if it was a charge—of a
second aeroplane. It whirled by below, sucked him down
a fathom, and nearly turned him over in the gust of its
close passage.

  He became aware of three others rushing towards him,
aware of the urgent necessity of beating above them.
Aeroplanes were all about him, circling wildly to avoid
him, as it seemed. They drove past him, above, below,
eastward and westward. Far away to the westward was
the sound of a collision, and two falling flares. Far
to the southward a second squadron was coming. Stead-
ily he beat upward. Presently all the aeroplanes were
below him, but for a moment he doubted the height he
had of them, and did not swoop again. And then he
came down upon a second victim and all its load of
soldiers saw him coming. The big machine heeled and
swayed as the fear-maddened men scrambled to the stem
for their weapons. A score of bullets sung through the
(Concluded on page 136)
osfc GOLDEN VAPOR

         hy E. Ji. Johnson

44 ... . Slowly Dr. Grieg turned th« great ‘Medior’ bulb first one way and then another, and finally he damped ft pointing directly downward. After
opening one ol tho inlet cocks, so as to let a little of the gray powder down into the first 'Mnterializer’ bulb he watched it intently for a long time.
Suddenly he stopped sweeping the rays, and for a moment no seemed as one stupefied. The Iron bars on which the downward rays were playing
slowly seemed to dematcrializc*—nay, vanish—into thin air! The iron bars had disappeared and in tho glass bulb the ‘Golden Vapors’ had con-
densed into a fine powder—and it was distinctly yellow!”

T

JN the fourth of December, 1919, the home-
going crowds on the streets of San Francisco,
like those in any other great city, were busy
with their own thoughts. The louder noises
of the day had ceased, and with the gradual
peering forth of the myriad lights with which, like
jewels, the fair queen was wont to adorn herself for an
evening at home—a sense
of calm security warmed
the hearts of old and young
alike. Comparative peace
reigned on earth, and in
the heavens above shone
forth stars as yellow as the
gold of California itself—
and no more illusive. One
alone of all the hurrying
throng saw little of charm
in that color. Though as
thoroughly conscious as
any other of his own safety

this conviction was of a defiant type which finds its assur-
ance in the knowledge of successful craftiness and fears
little because little is loved. Occasionally he smiled grimly,
almost cynically, as some ostensibly rich person swept by,

or as he caught the faint odor of some rare perfume.
These were but pretenses to a satisfaction that he had
little faith in. They proclaimed a comfort which he
thought at best to be but an illusion. Yet, humanlike,
he could not help wondering, for such a life was now
well within his reach, but he only buttoned his coat a
bit tighter about his meager form, glimpsing furtively,

though perhaps unknow-
ingly at the darkened door-
ways and the starless
patches overhead. This
strange appearing man was
Dr. Rudolph Grieg a doc-
tor of philosophy, not of
medicine and surgery.

Suddenly, familiar
shouts filled the air as a
half-dozen newsboys burst
forth from a nearby build-
ing—a towering structure
whose lower levels were
teeming with chattering machines and dodging human at-
tendants. The evening edition of a great paper was just
emerging with its tales of a thousand horrors and frivoli-
ties which, regardless of variety, length or sense, were

 HIS is the story of a man possessed of the
 highest type of scientific training, and who,
 because of disappointments that had come
 into his life, used his highly developed
 talents to plan and carry to a successful
 conclusion an enterprise mystifying to an
 extent unequalled in the annals of modern
 crime.

127
128

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

soon to beguile the fireside hours in a thousand homes.
With the usual jargon, each boy tried to drown the adver-
tising efforts of his fellows, so that however attentive a
listener might be, he could only conclude that the day’s
events were not much different from those of other days.
And each night, regardless of the nature of these an-
nouncements, each boy disposed of his wares before
the "next car” with its strap-holders, swaying and read-
ing, oblivious of their promiscuous human contacts in
their absorption in greater or lesser human affairs—
rushed away beyond the twinkling lights in the heart
of the city.

  Of all this crowd, Dr. Grieg alone seemed in no haste
to depart. His keen ears had caught a word in the
howling clamor of the newsboys and then with all his
heightened sensibilities alert he had heard enough to
cause him to do a thing which for him had become quite
uncommon—to buy a paper. He had fairly snatched it
from a boy who was running past, had cast a quarter in
his direction and turned to a lighted window to scan
the headlines with an evident excitement. The boy
.'ooked several times at the quarter he had received,
started to speak once or twice, but then seeing that his
customer seemed satisfied, raced on.

  Then with scarcely a glance about Dr. Grieg hurried
on into the darker streets toward the edge of the city,
where he might have been followed far into the night,
walking, walking on and on with the apparent aimless-
ness of one who has a deal of time to spend and does
not find the pastime disagreeable. And yet, if his
course was aimless, no one would have described his
physical appearance in such terms. First, with his
hands deep in his pockets, he hurried along as if in
haste from some dreaded pursuer. Then, and apparently
without any forethought, he stopped under a lamp,
pulled out his lately acquired paper, read and re-read
something in it, and finally with all the appearance of
one who enjoys the contemplation of a master joke that
he has engineered, he thrust it once more deep within
his pocket, seized his coat by the lapels, pulled himself
up, and chuckled,—actually chuckled, though a careful
examination of another paper identical with the one he
carried, failed to reveal the slightest cause for such
behavior.

  Then slowly he wandered on through the higher resi-
dence portions of the city, occasionally whistling in a
rambling way,—aimlessly it seemed, even like his own
wandering. But the frequent repetition of a few notes
suggested the unconscious echoing of some song of other
days. They were, however, unheeded by the few who
were still awake, save one, an old night watchman, in
whom the peculiar strains had suddenly awakened
strange memories. He seemed to be once more leaning
from the little window in his father’s house in a land
once dear to him, but which he had come to regard as
no longer first in his affections, now that he was an
American. With each repetition of those haunting
strains he could almost hear the tramp, tramp of the
gay Studenten as they sang late into the night. There
was no mistaking it, and for the first time in a score
of years the words came back to him:

         “Alt Heidelberg, du feine,

          Du Stadt an Ehren reich,

        Am Neckar und am Rheine
         Keine andre kommet dir gleich.”

  No mistake! Old Heidelberg; even the lilt at the end
of each line had been common to the students in old
Heidelberg. Who ever it was that thus whistled away
the midnight hours, he was either a native of Germany
or one of those Americans who had long studied there.
And in spite of his recent feeling of shame because of
his own nationality, the old man hastened on around

the corner hoping to meet this possible friend, only to
see a distant figure vanish into a side street, to be lost
entirely as the whistling ceased.

  Thus it was that Grieg had wandered about the city—
Doctor Grieg, the man with an enviable past and before
whom lay limitless opportunity for aiding or upsetting
much of the social organization of the years ahead.

  As a boy he had grown up in that much disputed and
undoubtedly desirable country bearing the poetic name
of Alsace-Lorraine. Early he had been sent to both the
Realschule and the Gymnasium, and later by some for-
gotten bit of fortune had been able to go to Heidelberg,
Bonn and Berlin. Here he had studied under some of
the greatest of living scientists, Helmholtz among the
rest, and he had not only shown unusual ability in mas-
tering the deep mysteries of chemistry and physics, but
had on several occasions given evidence of the possession
of no common power of insight into natural phenomena.
Deep electrical problems had been his chief delight, and
it was even suggested that had he cared for notoriety
he might have anticipated the great Heinrich Hertz in
announcing some of the facts which the latter discovered
concerning electromagnetic waves. In 1893 and the
years following, he had been back and forth between
Paris and some of the German universities where was
going on the feverish work immediately preceding the
world-stirring announcements of Becquerel and Roent-
gen. He had followed closely some of the earliest work
of the Curies in their epoch-making isolation of radio-
active substances, and, at the time (1896-7) when Perrin
was trying to generate electric currents by mean1- of
the Roentgen rays. Dr. Grieg was not only f’equently
in London attending meetings of the English icientific
societies, but had given a series of lectures before the
Philosophical Society of Cambridge on the "Electrical
Nature of Matter.” These papers, preserved in the
transactions of the society, show now perhaps more
clearly than they did then the wonderful perspicacity of
the man. In a manner worthy of Faraday or Maxwell,
he had predicted certain phenomena—or their absence—
to be upheld by the work of other investigators a decade
later. Especially had he been intere.-ted in all electrical
experiments conducted in a vacuum, as he was watching
for every possible verification of his early theory that
an/ form of matter in a sufficiently divided elementary
form—atoms or their subdivisions—m'ght be trans-
ported by electrical forces, like the ray particles investi-
gated by Becquerel and Crookes. Though this sugges-
tion seemed radically visionary the experience of the
scientific world between 1895 and 1900 had taught it
to reserve judgment. Only after a certain familiarity
with the newer rays and radiations had been acquired
did men of science once more venture to make dogmatic
statements relative to possible natural phenomena. Then
they had condemned Grieg as a notoriety seeker, and
owing to the fact that at that time he was not holding
any high academic position, he had little recourse in
his adversity. But his resolve to prove his point doubled
from that time on. It became the dominating passion
of his life to show that his critics were wrong. To
strengthen his own conviction further work was un-
necessary. He would yet demonstrate to the world a
transformation more wonderful than any for which
the philosopher’s stone had ever been sought.

  Then it was about 1902, that he turned to America.
Hurt but far from crushed, he resolved to leave the blind
leaders of the old world, and come to the land of golden
opportunity. As his controversies in Europe had been
largely over matters of opinion, his distinction in this
country was scarcely, if at all, diminished, and he was
immediately offered a chair of electrochemistry in several
of the eastern universities. But after a few special lec-
tures before some of the scientific societies in the eastern
THE GOLDEN VAPOR

129

states, he continued his journey westward, finally to
settle down in the sunkist city of San Francisco. Here
the western spirit of youthful enthusiasm inspired him
as nothing else had since his student days in Bonn.
He found everyone ready to accept a newcomer at his
apparent worth with no questions about the past, and
requiring no promise for the future.

  He now rented a few rooms, gathered his books about
him and began a period of study and experimentation
more intense, if possible, than any of his earlier years.
Aside from the postman with his armful of scientific
journals and letters from foreign savants he had no
visitors; no one knew anything of his order of life.
Days and nights lost all distinction for him. Rest
came only when sorely needed and with no relation what-
ever to the time of day or the custom of those about
him. He lived as in a prison, glad that its doors locked
out the entire world of possible disturbers.

DURING the years that followed Dr. Grieg gradu-
ally felt his way along the path of which he had
dreamed while yet a student. Every fact, every relation
between the phenomena of molecular physics, brought
him nearer his desired goal. While a mere boy he had
read with wild interest of the ancient experiments in
which water inclosed in gold and silver spheres had
been made to actually pass through the pores of the
metal when subjected to sufficient pressure. Why might
not the same thing be accomplished by some other force
than a mechanical one,—by an electric or a magnetic
force, for instance? He had also followed the well-
known experiments on the diffusion of metals, in which
molecules of gold and lead had mixed when blocks of
the pure substances had been kept in close contact for
a long time. Here the materials, in small portions to
be sure, had migrated under some influence broadly
classified under molecular forces. Were these too not
electrical? Could they not be controlled artificially?

  Then later there were the remarkable experiments of
Bridgman, in this country, and Adams and others in
England, which had shown that the ordinary characteriz-
ing properties of all substances disappear or change
radically when suitable forces are applied to them. He
had seen the rock specimens produced by Adams, prov-
ing that solid, cold granite could be made to change its
form and flow by the mere application of sufficient pres-
sure. He had studied Bridgman’s data showing that
liquids may behave as solids, and vice versa, if con-
fined and subjected to forces of great enough magni-
tude. And many of their other physical properties were
changed to such an extent as to afford a new field of
knowledge.

  All of this came to Grieg as welcome support for his
theories. Each discovery by another enabled him to
shorten his own methods for arriving at his goal. He
recalled the famous experiments on electricity and the
other, by Sir Oliver Lodge and others, and the later
theories about electrons filled him with ecstasies of joy.
Other investigators as well as himself were finding out
that atoms of matter when in vibration at a sufficiently
high rate, had some effect on the ether of space; they
actually sent out waves, and in some cases they them-
selves disappeared as if borne away on the rays of
energy they had emitted—radiations actually affecting
certain electrical instruments. Soon it was found that
as these electrical properties of matter were made to in-
crease many of the other ordinary "substance” character-
istics diminished or disappeared entirely. The identity
of some of the “rays” from radio-active substances and
atoms of helium had long been suspected, and it only
remained to produce such a separation and transfer of
matter artificially to overcome the great difficulty which
was temporarily threatening all of Dr. Grieg's hopes. He

must make atoms,—atoms of helium, for instance, do
some of the things that the alpha-particles of radium
had been shown to do. Perhaps it might be possible to
do even more.

  Of the experimental details involved in this attempt
little can be told. Naturally the apparatus used was
complex and delicate. Dr. Grieg’s rooms had gradually
taken on the confused appearance of living room, library
and laboratory. In the larger room of the three which
now constituted this “little kingdom,” was a long table
covered high with a mysterious conglomeration of in-
struments, glass tubes, bulbs of quartz and other sub-
stances, an electrically driven vacuum pump, and a Mac-
Leod gage for showing the exact degree of vacuum
obtained. There were also wires, switches, rheostats
and electrical meters in great numbers, a hopeless mix-
up to the uninitiated, but to the master—to Grieg—all
was undoubtedly in precise order, in pleasingly fine ad-
justment—a thing alive, a creature of promise!

  Of this mass of equipment several portions were con-
spicuous beyond the rest. Mounted near the center of
the table was a semi-transparent globe, apparently of
glass and tinted faintly to a lemon-yellow color. From
above, it was joined by a tube to the gage and pump, and
below it tapered to a neck provided with a glass stop-cock.
On opposite sides entered two wires which seemed to
terminate in small concave metal reflectors not unlike the
cathodes in early forms of X-ray tubes. These two were
identical and seemed as if curved to focus at a common
point midway between them. A close observer would
have noticed at this foca. point a small bright metal
bead, mounted on the end of a fine wire coming from
another electrode in the rear wall of the bulb. Ex-
ternally, these were all connected by wires to the elec-
trical instruments with which the table and the space
beneath it was largely filled.

  Not far away was a second bulb of about the same
size as the former, but containing a large concave mirror
of very peculiar appearance. At first sight it would
have been taken for metal, like the smaller ones, but
closer inspection showed it to be at the same time some-
what of a glassy nature, almost transparent when viewed
directly from in front. At its focus were the ends of
several tirty wires bearing small frames at once sugges-
tive of the grid arrangement in some of the vacuum de-
tectors used in wireless telegraphy. This bulb was not
connected to the air pump, but apparently sealed perma-
nently, and supported in such a manner that it could be
rotated to face in any direction. Dr. Grieg called the
latter bulb the Mcdior, and the other one the Material-
izer. In them lay the secret of his entire work, the re-
sult of his years of study, and they were at one and
the same time weapons and tools for possible good of
previously undreamed of potency.

  Long ago he had seen enough of the realization of his
dreams to work on in feverish haste. Although a little
thought would have shown that his secret was safe,
even had his rooms been open to every one, he lived in
a constant tremor of fear, lest his new-found power
should slip into the hands of others. Calmly thoughtful
by nature, he at times lost all self-control at the very
thought of an outsider within his sanctum. And this
fear grew day by day until reasons began to formulate
themselves in his mind for leaving the house he had
come to regard almost as his own, and find other quarters,
where there might be no curious landlady, where walls
were not so thin, where fire risk would be less, facilities
better, and so on, until, as he surveyed the array he saw
clearly that there was no course left him but to move,
and the sooner the better.

  So it came about that before long a dray load of huge
boxes and crates was moved into one of the rear rooms
on the second floor of a down-town office building. Grieg
130

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

had reasoned rightly, that seclusion was more certain in
the heart of the city than where people’s thoughts were
less occupied. Here he had a spacious room, only one
to be sure, and one having but two windows high up so
as to afford only a view of a few square feet of brick
wall a few feet away. But these and other factors were
great sources of gratification to the new occupant, and
the least of the several reasons for this was that the
rent was far lower than it would have been for any other
similar space. And the walls were of solid brick and
masonry, two feet thick if an inch.—and the floor was
of concrete. What more could he wish for? Greater
security and isolation could scarcely have been provided
by a lonely island in Polynesia.

  Now it was that the work began in earnest. Dr.
Grieg had some months earlier succeeded in transmitting
helium from one bulb to another several feet distant
by means of his electrical rays. And the method had
been surprisingly simple after all of the superfluous de-
tails in the apparatus had been eliminated. At first the
flask containing the helium had been placed in the path
of a powerful beam of ultra-violet rays and the Medior
bulb immediately in front of it in the same rays. Then,
when the proper pressures were obtained in the two
containers, he had succeeded in showing by means of
the spectroscope that the space within the Medior con-
tained a small percentage of helium, whereas before the
exposure it had contained absolutely none.

  From that time on the developments were of the nature
of slight adjustments and improvements rather than
fundamental inventions. He now had the embryo of the
creation which he fully believed could be made to grow
to almost any proportions if properly studied and as-
sisted. Before his mind’s eye lay a changing universe,
its laws upset, and all human notions of its stability and
fixity set at naught. If helium, for example, could be
thus called by him from one closed vessel and made to
appear within another, when there was no apparent
physical connection or functioning medium between
them, why might not his command be extended to all
other elements as well?

' One evening while sitting far into the night and gaz-
ing at his beloved bulbs as he had often done before,
but now as one hypnotized and immovable for the first
time in many hours, he gradually lost all sense of time
and space in contemplating a widening vision that built
itself up and up before him. His cheeks became flushed
'and an unwonted fire glowed in the depths of his half-
closed eyes and, drunk with the dream as well as ex-
hausted, he fell asleep and dreamed on.

  Hour after hour his little clock ticked away the sec-
onds and the little motor that drove the air-pump purred
on so contentedly that one would scarcely have dreamed
that its song was one of ceaseless labor and faithfulness.
Perhaps it knew the importance of its task, and who
shall say that the little old clock did not philosophize
deeply before ticking off another second, knowing that
no power could bring it back.

  Suddenly Grieg awoke. He seemed at first startled,
as if surprised in some secret business, and then recog-
nizing his whereabouts, he almost laughed aloud. Un-
doubtedly he would have done so had not his habit of
secrecy and quietness become quite fixed. But he did laugh
a little, and for a long time, as he walked about the room
with his hands behind his back, he seemed to be review-
ing some pleasant scene. He would stop occasionally
and caress some queer-looking piece of apparatus, or
perhaps he would speak to some other mysterious con-
trivance, all the time with the bearing of one who was
both a general marshalling his troops for a glorious as-
sault and a dear friend. His brief ejaculations were of
the nature of assurances, of promises, of congratulations.

  That night, or rather morning, Grieg thought no more

of sleep. For a time he pored over the books which
were scattered about the room,—the most of them open
to some reference of immediate interest. Then he re-
newed his experimental work. For days he scarcely
seemed to pause for a moment. When or where he ate
is not known. Had he not actually slept amid his ap-
paratus on that other night he might have been credited
with perpetual sleeplessness, among his other powers.
But through it all, something seemed to buoy him up,
to renew his vigor and instill youth into his veins.

  It has long been known that when under the influence
of the force of electric currents of sufficiently high fre-
quencies and high potentials, practically all substances
act as conductors. This fact had been made use of by
Grieg in making the Medior. Now he constructed
strange transformers for increasing these qualities as
far as possible. Huge coils, like those of Telsa and
Oudin, were built into the apparatus already filling a
large portion of the room. Devices for producing ultra-
violet light in powerful beams were added, and mercury
vapor lamps replaced the ordinary electric lamps in the
ceiling. This was because he had always found his ex-
periments to succeed best in the presence of these radia-
tions of short wavelength.

  Such was his success that he was soon able to transfer
some of the heavier gases from one bulb to another, just
as he had first done with the helium. Then came metal-
lic vapors, the lighter ones first, and finally that of mer-
cury,—all of course, initially inclosed in a sealed bulb
free from the presence of other substances and made to
reappear in the Medior. But the latter, for the reasons
which had led him to so name it, was never intended to
be the final receiver; it was to be but the medium, the
agency to affect the transformation of what it received
from an ether wave energy form to that of a particular
electric current. This, in turn, was to be further trans-
formed into its characteristic matter form by the
Materializer. However, the difficulties involved when
this step was attempted under any but ideal conditions,
had made the Materializer hitherto of little more than
theoretical usefulness. And then in a brief moment he had
found that the interposition of suitable condensers be-
tween the two bulbs solved the problem completely.
When in operation the faintly luminous rays in the Ma-
terializer brought the tiny metallic bead to a bright
incandescence, and a vapor soon appeared around it,
condensing and forming on the sides of the bulb as an
impalpable powder or sometimes as a liquid, which could
be drawn off by means of the stop-cock below.

  The principal steps in the process were as follows:
A bulb containing, say mercury vapor, was set in the
path of a beam of ultra-violet light which in turn also
passed to the Medior, though the latter was possibly some
feet away. (Absorption of these radiations by the air
and other media had been obviated by giving the waves
themselves a suitable form.) The grid in the Medior
was then heated by an auxiliary electric current from a
small storage battery, and the entire bulb was oriented
so that its concave mirror faced the beam of ultra-violet
rays. Then the high-frequency, high-potential apparatus
was started and as soon as the condensers were adjusted
to the proper capacities, the tiny sphere at the focus of
the mirrors of the Materializer would begin to glow,—a
bluish vapor would surround it and soon minute globules
of metallic mercury would begin to roll down the sides
of the bulb and could be drawn into a beaker below.

  However, some limitations still remained that he saw
must be removed before his great dream could be en-
tirely realized. Among them was the fact that the sub-
stance to be transferred by this method must begin its
transformation in a hermetically sealed flask, entirely
freed from the presence of even the slightest trace of
any other substance. Then again, he had been able to
THE GOLDEN VAPOR

make the transfer only when the active beam of ultra-
violet rays was approximately at right angles to the
direction of the earth’s gravitational force. On this lat-
ter subject he had thought almost constantly, and had
even written a lengthy paper—"On the Relation of Elec-
tronic Path to the Direction of the Gravitational Vector"
—with the notion of reading it at the approaching meet-
ing of the American Physical Society in San Francisco.
But the first thought of his earlier treatment at the
hands of those other scientific societies in Europe caused
him to tear it up and burn the strips slowly over a Bun-
sen burner, smiling as he watched the glow of the ink
on the falling flakes of ash, as if the joke were on others
and not on himself.

  The work of Mosely, the Braggs and others opened up
a new avenue for attacking the problem which now ex-
cluded all other thoughts. It had been found that the
X-rays excite secondary X-rays by the molecular agita-
tions of the substances through which they pass, and
that these new rays possess characteristics relating
them to the emitting substances. Their directions were
also different from those of the primary rays which had
excited them, so that they seemed at first to be only
the same radiations after reflection.

  Beginning with these facts Grieg was soon able to
reverse the action of his Materializer and Medior so
that a vapor or finely divided solid which had been in-
serted into the former might be de-materialized and
transmitted to a distant place, and there re-materialized
by the same sort of apparatus used as a receiver.

  Then came another great discovery. If the flask
which was to act as the receiver already contained a
substance in a similar form (that is, solid or vapor) to
the substance in the transmitting bulb, but of greater
molecular weight, the mere impinging of the charged
violet rays on this substance set up molecular agitations
resulting not only in the automatic materialization of
the substance sought, but also in the emission of sec-
ondary rays in exactly the opposite direction, and these
in turn bore back in pure energy form, portions of the
denser material. Thus a single transmitter became both
a de-materializer and a materializer, a sender and a re-
ceiver!

  The experiment was tried out repeatedly. For
example, equal masses of tin and lead had thus been
exchanged, and the only characteristic difference in the
appearance of the sending bulb was that while acting at
the same time as a receiver, its vapors were in violent
tumult. This motion ceased only when one or both of
the substances had been completely transferred. Still
further refinements had then enabled Grieg to make
the exchange in any direction and thus the gravitational
factor which had long been a stumbling block was
eliminated.

  Following this last success and for the first time in
months, he seemed to move leisurely. Deliberately he
would wander about his room with the air of one who
knows that his plans have not miscarried, and who sees
his final triumph easily within his reach. The battle
was won; he had but to accept the victory! The fact
that he was meditating on what society would call a
grave crime, scarcely entered his mind. When it did he
only smiled cynically, as always, in the consciousness
of his own security. Though he should not be classed
as a moral pervert, or one naturally bad, he was per-
haps now little better, for he had lost all of his former
feeling of moral and social responsibility. Human laws
and customs mattered to him not at all. The experiment
should be tried come what might. It would in itself be
his life’s triumph, his triumph over his old critics, the
supreme proof of the fallacy of human notions of
security. And of the more material reward which would
accompany it, well, that was secondary; but after all it

would be pleasant to rest and in what way more enjoy-
ably than to wander leisurely up and down the length
and breadth of his native Alsace-Lorraine and visit again
the scenes of his student days—when the means were
available?

* * #

THUS the days went by. The first day of November
had arrived and nearly passed. Grieg, who had
just eaten a good meal at a nearby restaurant, was now
strolling aimlessly along the streets and thinking for the
most part of mere trivialities, but never for one mo-
ment losing sight of the fact that tonight he was to
carry out an experiment more wonderful than any
dreamed of by the alchemists. Tonight should witness
an enterprise that would at once distance all other human
endeavors and baffle the keenest of sleuths.

  As a distant clock chimed the hour of nine, he turned
back to his room. At once his step took on the alertness
of one who has made a decision. There was work to
be done and done now. Once more he was the keen
scientific investigator. Every sensibility was alert, and
the training of a lifetime showed itself in every move-
ment.

  On entering his room he switched on a small, blue
light, glanced around and at once seated himself before
the apparatus on the huge table in the center. The
pump had been running uninterruptedly for days and
the gage showed that every joint was tight. A tiny
pilot light here and there told that all wires were intact
and ready for their task. In place of the single Material-
izer bulb that had been seen previously, there was now
a row of such bulbs, six of them, each larger than the
original one, and they were all connected to the pump
and so arranged that each could be switched into cir-
cuit instantaneously. Above them was a large glass fun-
nel or hopper filled with a bluish-gray metallic appearing
powder. From this ran a large tube which in turn
branched out so as to enter the top of each of the
Materializer bulbs, and admit the powder to any one of
them on opening the proper stopcock. Beneath each of
these bulbs was the usual large beaker. No receiver was
visible. It had ceased to be necessary soon after Grieg
had succeeded in using the secondary radiations as a
returning agency. Evidently the experiment was to take
some form not hitherto seen.

  With a last glance over the apparatus, he slowly closed
the master switch which made the whole assembly of
mechanism become a thing of potentialities. Then one
by one, smaller switches were also closed, until from the
slight hum and glow of the various contrivances one
would judge that all was in working order, set for the
attack, whatever it might be.

  Slowly Grieg turned the great Medior bulb first one
way and then another and finally he clamped it pointing
directly downwards. After opening one of the inlet cocks
so as to let a little of the gray powder filter down into
the first Materializer, he watched it intently for a long
time. The focus glowed and then the usual vapors ap-
peared, velvety and blue and hovering quiescent like a
spirit soon to vanish. Then he examined the luminous
region with a spectroscope, but soon he set it aside, shook
his head in a worried manner, and directed his atten-
tion once more to the powerful Medior. Apparently some
adjustment was incomplete. Beginning as before, he
swung the great globe one way and another as one might
guide a searchlight in exploring a distant hillside. Always
he kept it pointing in a general dowmvard direction, while
the Medior rays played upon some iron bars, and always
he watched the glowing haze in the Materializer. From
time to time it seemed to show slight tremors, but noth-
ing of the violent nature he was seeking. Then he
132

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

swung it through a wider angle sweeping out larger and
larger circles with its axis, and all the while watching
intently the tell-tale glow at his side.

  Suddenly he stopped. For a moment he seemed as
one stupefied. The iron bars on which the downward
rays were playing slowly seemed to “dematerialize,” nay,
vanish into the thin air! Then he leaped to the spectro-
scope, directed it toward the boiling vapors in the globe
before him, and sat for a time as if hypnotized—held by
some strange sight.

   As soon as he moved slightly, it was apparent that
his excitement was very high. His breathing came short
and fast. And then with what seemed almost a shud-
der, he sank back in his chair, buried his face in
his hands, and remained silent for a long time. When
again he looked up, his eyes and hands were wet. New
lines in his face told how great had been his recent
emotion.

   Like one who has climbed long and laboriously to
reach some far height, and who sighs almost in dis-
appointment when he realizes that no higher levels exist,
Grieg sat and gazed blankly before him rapt by vistas
reaching far beyond his laboratory walls. Pleasant lands
spread out before him, through which came many roads
filled with all manner of travelers. They were bringing
tribute to him. It was a golden view, rich in the
warmth of a bluish golden light that filled the dome of
the sky above and seemed to hover like a gilded cloud
about his fair mountain. And from all around arose
the hum of a teeming civilization—the droning tone of
a busy world—the monotone of existence itself. But no,
it was only the purr of his faithful little motor, and the
buzzing and hissing of a myriad tiny sparks that had
shaped his dream. And the glow was still confined to
the fragile bulbs before him.

   Shaking off his stupor, he turned once more to examine
them. Slowly their vapors were condensing in a fine
powder about the sides and bottom of the sphere. He
opened the bottom stop-cock and caught a little of it on
a watch glass, rubbed a bit of it between his fingers,
and held it near a light. IT was distinctly yel-
low! And the clouds within his bulbs were still seeth-
ing violently. . . .	THE END.

     It was on the fourth of December when next Grieg
 was seen—on that night when the crowds had been hur-
 rying homeward and when the newsboys had been calling
 out their wares with such uncommon vigor. In the
 private office of the bank occupying the first floor of
 the building in which Grieg had worked so long, the
 directors and officers sat solemnly listening to a dis-
 tinguished looking man, evidently their president. Ex-
 citement, worry and suspicion were written on the face
 of everyone present, and it was all on account of a brief
 telegram that had been received that day from China.
 Though it concerned a loss that would be considerable,
 still worse was the fact that its information had leaked
 out and might alarm the depositors. On the table about
 which these men were gathered lay a copy of the evening
 paper, scarcely an hour from the press, but by now
 widely scattered in all parts of the city. Under glaring
 headlines on the first page was the following:

GOLD SENT, IRON ARRIVES
Contents of $100,000 Box Mysteriously
Changes on Way to China

       San Francisco, Dec. 4.—A box containing
     $100,000 in gold coin shipped by the Anglo and
     London-Paris National Bank of San Francisco
     on the liner Korea Mam was found to contain
     only iron when opened by the consignee in Hong
     Kong, according to advices received by the bank
     and steamship company today.

       The box had been strongly guarded since it
     was first filled in the vaults of the San Francisco
     bank under the close inspection of several of the
     bank officials themselves. As the seals then ap-
     plied were unbroken when it reached its des-
     tination, officials are at a loss to imagine how
     or where the exchange took place, and they
     frankly admit that so far they have found no
     clue that might lead to a solution of the mys-
     tery.

TO OUR READERS

   The general reaction of the great majority of our many readers of the Amazing Stories Annual, which
   we issued as an experiment last year, seemed to be: “Give us such a book more often.” Therefore
   we have decided to put out an Amazing Stories Quarterly. Now we want to know what you think
   of the Quarterly. Please mail back this coupon, filled in, or write us how you feel about it.

      1 approve of the Amazing Stories Quarterly.......

       I do not approve of the Amazing Stories Quarterly

 Remarks..........................................

 Name.....................................

   Address ..................................

    City.................................State ..
9^ PUZZLE DUEL

by Miles J.BreuerM.D.

Author of “The Man with the Strange Head,”
“The Riot at Sanderac," etc.

          URING the years just preceding the World
War, our supposedly homogeneous country
contained numerous undercurrents of race-
hatred. I had an exceptional opportunity to
observe them, for I was a student at the
University of Chicago, that teeming meeting-place of
youthful brilliance from all the ends of the earth. It
was fascinating to mingle in class with them—Japanese
from their Pacific Island, Balkans from their wild border-
land, Latins from the vastness of South America, Eng-
lishmen from the Cape, fair-haired Nordics from the
Scandinavian countries—all young and all gathered to-
gether to learn about the world and how to run it.

  All these children of different climes were so interest-
ing to me that I cultivated personal friendships with
many of them, and finally chose as my room-mate a
young Hindu by the name of Raputra Avedian. I be-
came very much attached to this intelligent chap, who
was qualifying himself to teach at the University of Cal-
cutta. His work was in physics—chiefly electrical theory.
The longer I knew him, the better I liked him for his
quiet and dignified modesty coupled with profound learn-
ing and brilliant ability. Despite his dark skin and his
strange white headdress, he seemed more like a brother
to me than did my fellow-students from my home town
in Iowa.

  Therefore the incident in the library came as a severe
shock to me; a shock both because of my affection for
my friend, and because of the startling difference in the
workings of the foreign mind from our own American
ideas. Raputra had been standing near the door, talking
to a short, heavy-set man with a red face and a plateau

i’ll get you somehow ...” my thoughts began, and sud-
denly stopped. Right before my eyes he dropped liko a^
slaughtered ox.	J

133
134

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

of blond hair. Though not personally acquainted with
him, I knew who he was: Schleicher, a graduate of the
University of Heidelberg in Germany, and doing post-
graduate work in physiological chemistry at the Uni-
versity of Chicago. What little I knew of him was un-
savory; he had a reputation of being personally difficult
to get along with. Right now he seemed to be living
up to that reputation. Though I could not hear any-
thing that was said, the sneering expression and the
contemptuous snarls of the man were irritating even to
a disinterested spectator at a distance. Suddenly Ra-
putra drew himself up to the full height of his tall figure
and deliberately slapped the German across the mouth.

  The sharp sound of it made me sit upright in my
chair. The white mark of the Hindu’s fingers showed
against the red of Schleicher’s face, which grew redder
until his downy mustache stood out white against it.
He kept puffing up till I was afraid he might explode.
When he was nearly purple, he caught himself up with
a gulp; his lower jaw worked up and down and he
fumbled in his vest pocket. He drew out a card, handed
it to my friend, turned on his heel, and walked away.
I had read enough about duelling customs in German uni-
versities to know what that meant.

  Raputra turned and looked at me. His face was calm
as I came toward him.

  “Peters,” he said evenly, “will you assist me in this
affair?”

  I stood for a moment not knowing what to say.

  “I might endure personal insult,” he explained, “but
no Indian gentleman will listen to national calumny.”

  He gave me the German’s card and walked out of the
building.

  There was only one other student in the library. When
I had recovered from my daze, he was coming toward
me.

  “Jerry Stoner,” he introduced himself succinctly. “As
I understand it, these birds want a duel. Schleicher
said to me: ‘Only his life will satisfy me!’”

  “I’m not very strong for this stuff,” I said.

  “And what’s more,” replied Jerry Stoner, "the police
aren’t either.”

  “Yet these benighted foreigners consider us under ob-
ligation to arrange a fight
between them,” I reflected
aloud.

  “What we ought to do,”

Jerry Stoner said vehe-
mently, "is to get them
out behind the wall of
Stagg Field with their
coats off and a couple of
pairs of eight-ounce gloves.

But their minds don’t run
that way; I know them too
well.”

  “We’ll have to fix up
some sort of an arrangement that will satisfy their
pride and do them no harm,” I continued. “I’ve got an
idea. Both of them are clever scientists-”

  “Each of them is hungering for the other’s life,”
Jerry Stoner interrupted me.

  “Look here!” I drew my chair up to his. “Let’s
have them fight a modern, scientific duel. Science for
weapons! The real fight will be a battle of wits to
devise a secret, silent blow. The victims will not know
when or how it is to fall. The one who deals it will not
be on the scene to be connected with it. To the public
it will seem like a natural death or an accident.”

  “Sounds all right,” Jerry Stoner laughed skeptically.
“I doubt if they can hurt each other much, if they stick
to the rules of that.”

  “That’s what we want, isn’t it? Both are well equipped

for such a contest. It will keep them busy for a while.
Then, in the press of daily work, they will forget it. I
can’t imagine any man, who is really busy, letting a
little falling-out like this upset him for very long.”

  Raputra Avedian was delighted with the plan when I
outlined it to him. Something about the subtlety of it
appealed to his Oriental mind and it also satisfied his
scientific nature. He thanked me as profusely as though
I had done him a tremendous favor, and for some days
afterwards was silent and happy.

  He was missing all of one night and I became wor.
ried lest he had met with some disaster; but he turned
up in the morning, grimy and fatigued as though he
had been at some sort of hard labor, but he seemed
cheerful and enthusiastic.

  He seemed to be taking something very seriously; but
I forebore questioning him about it. I could see that he
was not neglecting the defensive, although I did not
know what his plan of attack was. He assembled a
pocket first-aid kit containing all manner of emergencj
measures, antidotes, stimulants, antitoxins, stomach-
pump, purgatives, and emetics. He ate only at the Com-
mons, of the same food with hundreds of other students,
and never went anywhere but to his laboratory and to
our room at the dormitory, always within view of numer-
ous people and always watching about himself carefully.
He was as unapproachable as a royal personage. I re-
garded his danger as an exaggerated fancy.

  The blow came all the more, therefore, as a shocking
surprise. The suddenness of it, the mystery of it, left
me stunned and paralyzed.

ONE Sunday morning I remained in bed for a few
minutes after Raputra had risen and gone into
our little bathroom. I could hear him stropping his
razor and washing his face. Then there was a heavy
thud and a rapid knocking which gradually died down.

I leaped up and ran in. Raputra lay on the floor, still
moving feebly, but already stiffening in death. He had
got his emergency kit open and one hand jerked it about,
spilling the contents about the room. It jerked back and
forth feebly once, and then he lay still.

  I grew so suddenly weak that I had to sit down on
the floor for a moment be-
fore I could look around.
Then I searched carefully.
Nowhere on Raputra or
about the room were therfr
any signs of violence or ot
anything unusual.

  How had it happened?
The wonder of it oc-
cupied my mind for a mo-
ment then I caught sight
of the wet toothbrush at
the foot of the lavatory;
the pitiful little subject
told me that my friend had been stricken while brushing
his teeth, and a rush of grief drove all the detective im-
pulses out of my mind. Poor Raputra! All his brilliant
fire and his vast promise were nothing now!

  Again my mind returned to the mystery. The only
window in the room was closed and locked on the inside.
Outside, five stories of smooth, gray brick wall stretched
down to the ground, with a feeble wisp of ivy here and
there. There was no exit save through our sleeping
room; this had one door into the corridor, locked on
the inside. No one could have gotten in or out unob-
served. What a foolish idea! Of course no one had
gotten in or out. This was the secret, scientific death,
and Schleicher had done it.

  All at once it came to me that a sudden death of this
sort would have to come before a coroner’s jury. I de-

    OVR author, who is also a practicing physi-
        cian, is well known to readers of Amazing
        Stories. Here Dr. Brener has given us a
        most astonishing story with an entirely
        novel theme and a surprising ending,
        throivn in for good measure. We promise
        you an interesting twenty minutes with this
        story.
THE GOLDEN VAPOR

135

tided that I had better leave everything undisturbed
for more skilled investigators than I was. I called the
police and waited.

  I will not go into detail about the miserable days
that followed. The post-mortem examination that took
two doctors and two assistants six hours, the analyses
for poisons, the minute study of our room and bathroom,
the minute questioning and requestioning of myself and
all persons in our end of the dormitory, failed to reveal
the least suggestion of a possible cause of death.

  Not a sign, not a clue, not a mark!

  It looked as though he had been struck dead by magic,
and the case promised to remain a medical mystery. No
less a personage than Doctor Victor LeCount was in-
volved in the investigation. This man, the author of a
book on sudden death and its causes, and the world’s
foremost authority on that subject, had been retained
by the insurance company in which Raputra had recently
taken a policy; for the presence of the emergency kit
had stirred the company’s suspicions. However, even
this great man could offer no suggestions. So, the death
certificate was made out as “sudden death, cause un-
known,” a burial permit issued, and the insurance paid
to Raputra’s brother.

  Of course, Jerry Stoner and I had kept quiet in regard
to the duel. My first impulse was to stand up and accuse
Schleicher. But reflection quickly showed me that such
a course would not only be futile, but dangerous to both
of us. It would sound so improbable that everyone would
doubt its truth and no proof of any kind could be pro-
duced. On the other hand, we would only lay ourselves
open to blame for complicity in the death.

  So my friend was buried. The world seemed strangely
blank and gray to me. I had not known that a mere
roommate could mean so much in one’s life. My mind
was in a whirl of torment, for in the background of my
mind was the guilty feeling that I was to blame. My
own brain had contrived the devilish idea. It had never
occurred to me that my friend might be the victim. My
mind was filled with resentment against the German.
Surely the justice that in the movies always overtakes
the wicked, was lacking in the real world. Why had
the possibility not occurred to me that the overbearing
Prussian might not get his just dues?

  The more I thought about it, the more my resentment
rose against the cruel turn of fate, and against Schleicher
himself. He had murdered my friend! I determined to
ascertain how, to prove it, and to prosecute him. If I
could thus avenge my friend, I could at least justify
myself in my own eyes for the regrettable part I had
played in the affair. It could not bring my friend back,
but it might wipe out my guilty feeling. I thought about
it constantly, alternating between the depression of
self-censure and the efforts of solving the mystery. I
was quite unable to attend to my class work. The prob-
lem interfered with my sleep and appetite.

FINALLY, 1 went to LeCount. My regular course
would bring me under his instruction the following
year, and I had no hesitation in seeking his acquaintance
now.

  He was short and rotund, with a fat, grey mustache.
His students looked up to him with awe because of his
learning and with fear because of his snappy manners.
I found him at a microscope in the Pathology Lab-
oratory. He was not much of a conversationalist; when
1 tried to explain why I had come, he jerked out:

   "Tell me all of it this time 1”

  That embarrassed me from the beginning; evidently
he referred to my testimony before the coroner’s jury,
and in some uncanny way knew that I had withheld
.some information. Then he sat motionless, without the
quiver of a muscle all the time I was telling the story.

 After I had finished, he continued to stare at me until
 I thought I would go frantic. Finally I had to speak:
 “Do you think Schleicher killed him?” I asked.

 "Of course he did!”

 "In God's name, how?”

 "I don’t know.”

 That was all. He looked at me inscrutably. I did
 not know what to do or say. His eyes were fixed on me
 until I began to think I had done it myself.

 “Possible, all right,” he finally snapped. “Now go
 over all the details of that Sunday morning.”

 As I talked, he interrupted me frequently:

 "Did he take a drink every morning?”

 "Did he ever cut himself with his razor?”

 "The toothbrush! Ah, the toothbrush!”

 "The dormitory is familiar to me,” he mused as I
 concluded. "It is possible for someone to get into your
 rooms during your absence, is it not?”

“Yes, but-”

 “There is only one explanation possible. Your his-
 tory eliminates every other. Some sort of poison-”

 "But none was found in the post-mortem analyses-”

 He looked at me sternly for interrupting, and then
 went on as though I should have known better:

 “Here are some poisons that leave no trace perceptible
 to the analyst.”

 He pointed to a chapter in his own book on toxicology,
 and continued:

 “Aconitine kills in doses too small to leave any detect-
 ible traces. Rattlesnake or cobra venom, if introduced
 directly into the circulation, that is, not through the
 stomach, also kills without leaving any traces for the
 analyst. Finally, Vaughan’s split-protein products have
 much the same effect as the snake venoms.”

 He regarded me steadily for a while and then thrust
 again:

 “Now do you have an idea how he met his death?”

 “Of course, the poisons are a possibility,” I pondered.
 “But how were they administered? There are no marks

 of needles-”

 "Think some more. Perhaps you can recall if there
 was a spot of blood on the toothbrush?”

 “Yes. Almost everyone’s gums bleed occasionally dur-
 ing the brushing of the teeth. Raputra was more sus-
 ceptible to bleeding than I.”

 “Well? Did Schleicher know that?”

 “He might have.” I could not make out what he was
 driving at.

 “All right. We can probably eliminate the aconitine.
 Death by that is slower than this man’s was, and does
 not produce the convulsion that seemed to be present in
 this case. But either snake-vernom or split-protein placed
 on the toothbrush Saturday night when both of you
 were out celebrating the football victory, would intro-
 duce enough poison directly into the bloodstream to have
 caused just such a death. Where’s the toothbrush?”

 “In the room. I don’t think it has been touchcd since
 that morning.”

 In response to his curt nod, I bolted out and was
 back with the toothbrush in twenty minutes. By the
 time I returned, he had two quinea-pigs ready. He
 first injected one with some physiological salt solution.

 “That is the control,” he said; "just to prove that the
 salt solution is pure and harmless.”

 The guinea-pig was quite unconcerned after its ex-
 perience. Then Dr. LeCount soaked the toothbrush for
 a few minutes in a test-tube half full of the salt solu-
 tion, and injected a syringeful of that into the second
 pig. He hardly had time to remove the needle; the
 animal shivered, kicked convulsively several times and
 was dead.

 "Of course, I can’t tell you whether it is rattlesnake
 or cobra; it might be split-protein. But, is that proof
136

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

 enough?” The doctor fixed his wide, blue eyes on me
 again.

  “That’s proof enough!” I exclaimed. "I’m going
straight to the District Attorney’s office. I’ll get Schlei-
cher yet.”

  Dr. LeCount smiled. That was a rare thing. It meant
something.

   “The District Attorney’s office does not close until four
o’clock. It is now eleven,” he said deliberately. “Wait
a while."

  So I waited, while he studied me. I felt like a germ
on a slide.

  “In the first place,” he began in his favorite phrase,
“scientific proof is not legal proof. This sort of evi-
dence wouldn’t convict anybody. My work is the study
of disease, not of law; but I get mixed up with law often
enough to know that you can never get a case against
that man. You may prove it morally and scientifically,
but not legally.

  “Secondly,” he eyed me fixedly, “for a scientific man,
you are inconsistent. You’ll have to reason more rigidly
than that if you want to pass my class next year. These
two men stepped out of the bounds of the law when they
arranged their duel. Now all parties concerned should
be satisfied. To invoke the law now is childish in the
eyes of a fair man.

  “Finally, what about the part you played in it? You
should have thought of this possibility when you planned
the duel. Now you are apt to get into trouble as an ac-
complice.”

  I left his presence humble, but not subdued. The de-
sire for revenge is a shamefully primeval impulse; it is so
powerful, that its suppression causes even civilized men
considerable difficulty. As I walked down the street, I
shook my fists in the air, vowing that I would get Schlei-
cher somehow.

  Involuntarily my footsteps carried me toward Schlei-
cher’s residence. For—and it doubled my resentment—
Schleichcr was evidently independently wealthy; at least
he spent money as though he were. He never got suf-
ficiently accustomed to Chicago’s ways to live in a fiat
or an apartment. He occupied one of the cottages in
the row opposite Washington Park, and had a flower-
garden in his front yard. Gardening was his hobby.

  Then I recollected that he had not been seen since
the day of the challenge. Was it guilt that kept him in
concealment? The report had gone about his laboratory
that he was confined to his home by sickness. I strode
quickly toward his house.

  There he was now in his garden, sprinkling with a
hose. If he had been sick, he must have just recovered,
for it was his first appearance. I walked slowly past
on the opposite side of the street. He stood stiffly, hold-
ing his red face arrogantly above the rest of humanity,
and moving the stream of water from his hose with
military precision. He didn’t even see me. I execrated
him; I almost shook my fist at him. I wondered what
to do next.

  “I’ll get you somehow-” my thoughts began, and

suddenly stopped.

  Schleicher had toppled over and lay flat on the ground.
He had been standing in his stiff, military attitude,
spraying the hose this way and that on the flowers and
shrubbery. Then right before my eyes he dropped like
a slaughtered ox. Now he lay still and the hose spurted
over him in an arch where it had fallen out of his hand.

  I reached him first though a number of people also
came running up. His heart seemed to flutter a little,
but as I felt of it, it stopped still. Half a dozen people
gathered before I had him looked over. He was un-
doubtedly dead. Nowhere on him was there a scratch
or a mark of any kind.

  Another sudden death! Another secret, silent, scien-
tific blow! This time the mystery of it elated me. I left
the others crowding around the body, while I eagerly
looked the surroundings over carefully, behind the
fence, under the porch, through the shrubbery, hoping
that I might find a clue to the method.

  Then, a gleam of metal, hidden in the shrubbery,
caused me to halt and stagger back. I had caught myself
just in time to prevent my hand from touching it. There
was an insulated copper plate concealed in the bush.
From it ran a cable which I quickly trace' toward the
Jackson Park Elevated Railway.

  The whole scheme was clear to me now. I understood
the meaning of the coil of cable and the bag of tools that
Raputra had carried out of our room with him on the
night that he had spent out. The plate in the bush was
connected with the third rail of the elevated railway, and
when the water from Schleicher’s hose struck it, the
powerful current that ran the trains overhead had elec-
trocuted him on the spot.

  The crowd about the body increased. The distant
clanging of an ambulance swelled rapidly. I stood off
from the crowd and reflected. Things seemed to bal-
lance now. Appropriately, by the hand of a man several
days in his grave, movie-justice had been done!

                                      The End.

SPECIAL NOTICE

        EVEN before the appearance of our First ANNUAL of AMAZING
        STORIES, with its famous “The Master Mind of Mars,” by Edgar
        Rice Burroughs, hundreds of our readers showed great interest in this
        world-famous story, and consequently swamped our office with advance
        orders.

          Now, for the convenience of those readers who were unable to purchase a
          copy, we have, for immediate disposal, a few remaining copies. If you
          desire this ANNUAL, write immediately and enclose 50c.

                               132 pages—large magazine size.

                    AMAZING STORIES ANNUM.

                             Featuring Edgar Rice Burroughs’

                            “The Master Mind of Mars.”
When the Sleeper Wakes

               By H. G. WELLS

                   {Concluded from page 125)

air, and there flashed a star in the thick glass wind-screen
that protected him. The aeroplane slowed and dropped
to foil his stroke, and dropped too low. Just in time he
saw the wind-wheels of Bromley hill rushing up towards
him, and spun about and up as the aeroplane he was
chasing crashed among them. All its voices wove into a
felt of yelling. The great fabric seemed to be standing
on end for a second among the heeling and splintering
vans, and then it flew to pieces. Huge splinters came
flying through the air, its engines burst like shells. A
hot rush of flame shot overhead into the darkling sky.

  “Two!" he cried, with a bomb from overhead bursting
as it fell, and forthwith he was beating up again. A
glorious exhilaration possessed him now, a giant activity.
His troubles about humanity, about his inadequacy, were
gone for ever. He was a man in battle rejoicing in his
power. Aeroplanes seemed radiating from him in every
direction, intent only upon avoiding him, the yelling of
their packed passengers came in short gusts as they
swept by. He chose his third quarry, struck hastily and
did but turn it on edge. It escaped him, to smash against
the tall cliff of London wall. Flying from that impact
he skimmed the darkling ground so nearly he could see a
frightened rabbit bolting up a slope. He jerked up
steeply, and found himself driving over south London
with the air about him vacant. To the right of him a
wild riot of signal rockets from the Ostrogites banked
tumultuously in the sky. To the south the wreckage of
half a dozen air ships flamed, and east and west and north
the air ships fled before him. They drove away to the
east and north, and went about in the south, for they
could not pause in the air. In their present confusion,
any attempt at evolution would have meant disastrous
collisions. He could scarcely realize the thing he had
done. In every quarter aeroplanes were receding. They
were receding. They dwindled smaller and smaller. They
were in flight!

  He passed two hundred feet or so above the Roehamp-
ton stage. It was black with people and noisy with
their frantic shouting. But why was the Wimbledon
Park stage black and cheering, too? The smoke and
flame of Streatham now hid the three further stages.
He curved about and rose to see them and the northern
quarters. First came the square masses of Shooter’s
Hill into sight from behind the smoke, lit and orderly
with the aeroplane that had landed and its disembarking
negroes. Then came Blackheath, and then under the
corner of the reek the Norwood stage. On Blackheath
no aeroplane had landed but an aeropile lay upon the
guides. Norwood was covered by a swarm of little fig-
ures running to and fro in a passionate confusion. Why?
Abruptly he understood. The stubborn defence of the
flying stages was over, the people were pouring into the
under-ways of these last strongholds of Ostrog’s usurpa-
tion. And then, from far away on the northern border
of the city, full of glorious import to him, came a sound,
a signal, a note of triumph, the leaden thud of a gun.
His lips fell apart, his face was disturbed with emotion.

  He drew an immense breath. “They win,” he shouted
to the empty air; “the people win!” The sound of a
second gun came like an answer. And then he saw the
aeropile on Blackheath was running down its guides to
launch. It lifted clean and rose. It shot up into the air,
driving straight southward and away from him.

  In an instant it came to him what this meant. It must
needs be Ostrog in flight. He shouted and dropped
towards it. He had the momentum of his elevation and
fell slanting down the air and very swiftly. It rose
steeply at his approach. He allowed for its velocity and
drove straight upon it.

  It suddenly became a mere flat edge, and behold! he
was past it. and driving headlong down with all the force
of his futile blow.

  He was furiously angry. He reeled the engine back
along its shaft and went circling up. He saw Ostrog’s
machine beating up a spiral before him. He rose straight
towards it, won above it by virtue of the impetus of his
sw'oop and by the advantage and weight of a man. He
dropped headlong—dropped and missed again! As he
rushed past he saw the face of Ostrog’s aeronaut con-
fident and cool and in Ostrog’s attitude a wincing resolu-
tion. Ostrog was looking steadfastly away from him—
to the south. He realized with a gleam of wrath how
bungling his flight must be. Below he saw the Croyden
hills. He jerked upward and once more he gained on his
enemy.

  He glanced over his shoulder and his attention was ar-
rested by a strange thing. The eastward stage, the one
on Shooter’s Hill, appeared to lift; a flash changing to a
tall grey shape, a cowled figure of smoke and duct,
jerked into the air. For a moment this cowled figure
stood motionless, dropping huge masses of metal from
its shoulders, and then it began to uncoil a dense head
of smoke. The people had blown it up, aeroplane and all!
As suddenly a second flash and grey shape sprang up
from the Norwood stage. And even as he stared at this
came a dead report, and the air wave of the first explosion
struck him. He was flung up and sideways.

  For a moment the aeropile fell nearly edgewise with
her nose down, and seemed to hesitate whether to overset
altogether. He stood on his wind-shield wrenching the
wheel that swayed up over his head. And then the shock
of the second explosion took his machine sideways.

  He found himself clinging to one of the ribs of his
machine, and the air was blowing past him and upward.
He seemed to be hanging quite still in the air, with the
wind blowing up past him. It occurred to him that he
was falling. Then he was sure that he was falling. He
could not look down.

  He found himself recapitulating with incredible swift-
ness all that had happened since his awakening, the
days of doubt, the days of Empire, and at last the tumul-
tuous discovery of Ostrog’s calculated treachery. He
was beaten but London was saved. London was saved!

  The thought had a quality of utter unreality. Who was
he? Why w-as he holding so tightly with his hands?
Why could he not leave go? In such a fall as this count-
less dreams have ended. But in a moment he would
wake. . . .

  His thoughts ran swifter and swifter. He wondered
if he should see Helen again. It seemed so unreasonable
that he should not see her again. It must be a dream! ,
Yet surely he W'ould meet her. She at least was real.
She was real. He would wake and meet her.

  Although he could not look at it, he was suddenly aware
that the earth was very near.

THE END

  137
TERRORS the UPPER AIR

hy Frank Orndorff
THE TERRORS OF THE UPPER AIR

139

EMBERTON, the Great Detective, renowned
as never having failed to get his man, spoke
to the Secretary of the President of the State
Fair, and passed on to the President’s
office door marked “Private." He entered
without knocking.

  “Well! What happening is responsible for this visit?”
The President sprang up and grasped Pemberton’s hand
and pulled a chair out for him. “You are not in the
habit of calling on me lately except on business. Who
are the unlucky people at the Fair that you want? For
my guess is that you are after some poor birds.”
Pemberton sat down and placed his hat on the Presi-
dent’s desk. "You are right to call thsm birds. I am
after your human birds, and they can’t particularly be
called ‘poor’—not now, anyhow.”

  “What!” exclaimed the President, as he half rose in
his seat, “surely you are not after Kidwell and Dexter,
the aviators who are flying for the Fair.”	'

  “The very two men I am after.”

  “But what have they done? It must be something
serious.”

  “It is serious. You remember the Windsor Bank Rob-
bery of over a week ago, where the cashier was killed
and nearly a half a million dollars, mostly in large bills
was stolen? The two men who did the job escaped in
an auto. They were chased to a large wooded tract just
about nightfall. When the pursuers closed in, they
found the car but the men and the money were gone.”
“I remember that and also the mystery of their escape
from the hundreds of men that surrounded the woods.”
“They did not escape through this fence of men, but
over them. As soon as I had gone over the ground, I
found tracks of where an aeroplane had made a short
run in a break in the woods and could easily have shot
upwards above the trees and away. The place was far
enough from the edge of the woods, to enable the roar
of the motor to go unheard as the two men fled away in
the night.

  The run to the woods and the flight in the aeroplane
was most likely planned ahead by the two men and would
have remained undiscovered had it not been for a mark
made in the soft ground by two small cuts in one of
the aeroplane tires. It was one chance in a thousand
that we ever found the aeroplane tracks and one in a
million that it left the
print of these two small
puts in the tire’s tread.

Hundreds of aeroplanes
are being driven across
that part of the country
each day and it would have
been practically impossible
to find the one that made
the track if it had not been
for the two small cuts. My
men have informed me that
the aeroplane of Kidwell
and Dexter has a tire on it

0

,with two small cuts the

same size and distance apart as the two marks left
in the woods. I have just arrived and we expect to
arrest the two aviators within the next few minutes.
I thought I would notify you first, as I realize it will
stop your exhibition flight for the Fair.”

  "If these two men are murderers and robbers, as
you state, I want you to arrest them at once—exhibi-
tion flight or no exhibition flight. You will have to
hurry or wait until—listen—” The President broke off
and turned his head to one side to hear better.

  A roar of a multitude cheering came to the two listen-
ing men—the huge crowd at the Grand Stand were split-

ting the air with deafening cheers for something. “They
are up and off.” The President continued after listening
awhile. “You will have to wait until they come down.
They are up to beat the world’s highest altitude record.
Here is one of our advertisements for today, Read it”
Pemberton took the paper that was handed him and read
the following:

“WILL TRY TO BEAT THE WORLD’S
HIGHEST ALTITUDE RECORD”

State Fair—August 25, 19—

      Kidwell and Dexter—the world’s most dare-
    devil aviators will try to beat the world’s highest
    altitude record for an aeroplane. They will use
    the latest type of aeroplane with new wing de-
    vices for climbing and flying in the rarefied air
    of miles above the earth. They will carry an
    extra supply of oxygen. They will have the lat-
    est thing in wireless telephone instruments and
    will be in constant communication with the re-
    ceiving station established in front of the Grand
    Stand. To the receiving instrument will be
    attached a sound magnifier and those within a
    radius of several hundred feet can listen to the
    account from the aviators’ own lips as they circle
    up—up—up.

Don't Forget the Place and Dale

  Pemberton handed the paper back and inquired, “How
long will it take them to make the flight?”

  "About two or three hours is all they figured they
would need,” he answered.

  Pemberton decided to go to the receiving station to
listen, and the President went with him.

  The two men made their way across the crowded Fair
Grounds until they came in front of the large Grand
Stand. Here a crowd of several thousand people were
jammed around a platform on which were a few men.
and a table of instruments, the largest part of which
were four huge phonograph-like horns that faced in four
directions. They made their way through the crowd
and had just climbed to the platform, when a voice issued
from the horns. The words were:

  "Have just reached three
thousand feet.”

  Looking upwards, Pem-
berton could see a speck
circling above and rapidly
growing smaller. It was
the aeroplane winging its
way ever higher and high-
er. He leaned over to the
President, “How is it we
can hear their voices and
can not hear the roar of
the motor? On the ground
it was impossible to hear
a voice because of the
deafening roar of an aeroplane motor.”

  The President leaned over and tapped one of the men
on the shoulder, who was tinkering with the instrument,
and said, “Billy, tell Mr. Pemberton here about the wire-
less telephone—tell him why one can hear a voice from
above and yet not hear the roar of the motors.”

  Billy dropped into a chair next to Pemberton and keep-
ing one eye on the instrument, explained:

  “Kidwell and Dexter are using the same kind of wire-
less telephone instruments that our aviators in France
had begun to use when the war ended, to communicate
with each other and with headquarters. You know sound

 ,UR knowledge of the upper air is very
 limited. The highest point a human being
 has ever ascended in a free balloon is
 about seven miles. What exists beyond
 this, we do not know. Our new author
 presents a very unusual, as well as com-
 plex situation, with a typical 0. Henry end-
 ing. As to ourselves, we enjoyed the story
 hugely and the chances are that you will too.
140

YMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

is vibration of the air and travels in waves and in a
straight line unless turned aside by something. The
aviator’s instrument is like a helmet and covers most of
his head. The receivers are flat and lie over his ears.
The outside sound is deadened by the padding in the
helmet and it was found that it would be necessary for
the padding to cover most of the lower jaw to kill the
outside sound. The mouth-piece, the part they talk into,
is fastened directly in front of the mouth. It is padded
to stop the outside sound. Only a tube-like opening
directly even with the person’s mouth is left unpadded.
There are three or four small holes in the tube and when
the person talks, his voice is thrown straight through the
small openings and makes the instrument work while
other sounds pass by as the waves do not get a straight
entrance to the diaphragm.”

  "Both the receivers and the mouth-piece have wires
running to a plug in the side of the aeroplane which
connects with the batteries and instrument that send the
wireless waves in all directions and reach us; they also
catch any that we should send and transfer it to speech
when it reaches the ears. Instead of the usual receiving
instrument, we have hooked on a sound magnifier here,
so that everybody can hear directly. Now the very—”
“One mile up and everything is running fine.”

  The voice of one of the men from the speck above
spoke from the horns. A cheer greeted the announce-
ment.

*«TT7II0 is doing the talking?” Pemberton asked.

  VV “Kidwell will do all the talking because it is
he who is equipped with the long distance sending and
receiving apparatus. Dexter can talk with Kidwell and
Kidwell can talk with Dexter by changing the plug at
the side of the machine, so he is directly connected with
Dexter. Dexter is the pilot in the rear seat and will
drive unless something happens. If something should
happen, Kidwell can drive as they have double controls.”
“Hey, below! We are having fun up here chasing toy
balloons. Those that have been let loose on the Fair
Grounds have reached this far up. There are twenty
or thirty in sight. We have run down three or four.
One was thrown back by the propeller’s draft and hit
Old “Dex” on the head and busted. He would have
jumped out of his seat if he were not tied down with a
safety belt. Thought part of the machinery had hit him,

I guess. We are climbing in circles and staying over the
Fair Grounds as nearly as we can. The hand on our
instrument is gradually crawling near two miles and we
can begin to tell it is getting very cold. We feel sorry
for you poor land mortals below sweating in that 100
degrees in the shade. But say, ‘you don’t have to stay
in the shade’—Ha, Ha!”

  The sound of Kidwell’s laughter from two miles above
roared through the horns. It ceased and no other sound
came from above for several minutes.

  “Got another balloon; caught it alive this time; going
to tie my pipe to it and drop it overboard. The pipe
will pull it down. Tell the kids down there I will give
five dollars to the one who gets it and I will wring their
necks if any of them busts my pipe. Here she goes—”
Cheers and laughter greeted this last announcement
and many small boys jammed in the crowd began to
crowd and squirm frantically to get out into the center
field where they could watch for Kidwell’s pipe pulling a
toy balloon down.

  "You below! We are going to have trouble in just a
minute. Saw several balloons above us snatched and
rushed east at a speed that makes us look like a snail.
It’s one of those terrific wind currents that different
persons have discovered two or three miles up. We will
be 0. K. when we get in it, but going from slow to fast

air is going to give us some rough riding. We are
starting; I can feel our old machine beginning to pitch.
Here we go!—God, we are pitching and spinning like a
leaf. We are on our tail—now we are upsidei down.
Over we go sideways—now we are level—whew, we just
made a complete flip-flop. It’s a wonder we hold to-
gether—we are rocking and pitching like a row boat on
a stormy ocean.

  “We are getting up in the main current and don’t
pitch so much. It is all I can do to hold my'dinner down.
I'm sea-sick—we are heading west, but I think we are
losing several miles a minute as this terrific air current
drifts us east.”

  A deadly hush fell on the crowd below as they pic-
tured the aeroplane being tossed and pitched about in
one of the mighty air currents that are found miles above
the earth. They could see the two men fighting to keep
their machine right side up, as they fought through the
eddies and whirls at the edge of the current and into
the steady but fast moving air of the center. When
Kidwell announced that they had made it, a mighty cheer
went up. Several minutes passed and no sound came
from the men miles above—then-

  “Hurrah for the Liberty Motor—we just had another
fight to get out of the big current and are now in still
air above it. We were pitched and flung about, upside
down and every which way, just as when we entered it.
Our Motor did not miss a lick. Old “Dex” got sick. I
saw him gulping and raise his helmet and lean over, but
nothing happened. Now we are riding smoothly. We
are heading straight west instead of circling so as to
gain the distance we were carried backwards in the big
air current. It is getting cold. We are using oxygen
from our tanks as the air is mighty thin here—Dex
has just called my attention to our instrument—what do
you reckon she reads?—whoop—she has touched it. She’s
reached thirty thousand feet. We’ll make it. We’ll break
that old world’s altitude record.”

  A roar that shook the Grand Stand went up from the
listening crowd below. For ten minutes they cheered
and flung things in the air in their excitement. A few
more minutes and the world's highest altitude record
would belong to America once more. The cheering died
down and then broke out afresh.

  “What is the world’s record?” Pemberton leaned
over and shouted above the din into the president’s ear.

   “A little less than thirty-five thousand feet,” the Presi-
dent answered in one of the partly quiet spells of the
crowd.

  “Thirty-one thousand” came from the horns,—only
those right against them could hear, but they began to
relay the news. “Thirty-one thousand.” Another deaf-
ening cheer rang out. The crowd became silent as the
President raised his hand for silence and pointed to the
horns.

  “Thirty-two thousand and Old Dex grinning like a
frog.”

  This time only a laugh from the crowd greeted the
announcement. They would hold their cheers for the last
as they wanted to hear all now.

  “It's just about there—now its closer—just a little

more—near—nearer-Gee, it moves slowly—just ready

to touch—now it touches—whoopee—it’s over—we have
reached the world’s altitude record—now we have passed
it.”

  The Grand Stand roared and shook as the crowd below
let loose. Hats flew high in the air, men thumped each
other like boys. Once more the world’s altitude record
belonged to America—to the United States—brought to
it by the two dauntless aviators, far out of sight in the
vast space above. Those in the Grand Stand began to
stamp and shout in unison and stopped only when the
THE TERRORS OF THE UPPER AIR

141

stand threatened to break under the strains of the thous-
ands of thumping feet. At the rear of the mass of peo-
ple, a boy with a toy balloon struggled to get through
to the platform.

  “Hey, kid, look out or you’ll get hurt crowding in like
that,” a man addressed him.

  "I caught the pipe,” the boy cried as he held aloft a
pipe tied to the balloon string.

  “Kidwell’s pipe—Kidwell’s pipe”—the man shouted as
he gathered the boy up and held him above the crowd's
head. From hand to hand they passed the boy to the
platform, where the President of the Fair met him and
led him to the front of the platform where the boy
held up the toy balloon with the pipe tied to it. The
boy was still panting, for he had caught the pipe nearly
a quarter of a mile away and had run all the way back
to the crowd, while other boys chased him. The Presi-
dent took a five dollar bill from his pocket and gave it
to the boy and took possession of the pipe. The boy
struck through the crowd, headed for the refreshment
stands, while the President returned to his seat.

“Forty thousand feet up and cold as fifty North Poles.”
The people became quiet with awe. Not satisfied with
breaking the world's altitude record, these two dare-
devils were steadily climbing higher and higher. Forty
thousand feet—miles high—how far would they go?

  “We have just noticed a queer color of the air just a
short way to our west, although we can hardly call it
color. It might be just our imagination; anyway Dex
has headed the machine in that direction—yes we no-
tice the difference more as we get closer—turn her Dex
—turn her—My God it’s a whirlwind—loop her back,

Dex—turn-”

  The last, regarding turning the machine, came from the
horns in a shout and must have been meant for Dexter.
It broke off suddenly as Kidwell must have changed the
plug from below to connect with Dexter.

THOUSANDS of eyes unconsciously looked upward,
although all knew that it was impossible to see to
the great height the aeroplane had attained. But all
realized that something serious was happening miles
above. What had happened? Would the aeroplane come
flying down from above and land a shattered wreck?

  Minutes passed and no voice was heard through the
horn. The suspense became unbearable. Several more
minutes passed and at last came—

  “Hello, below,—we thought we were gone that time.
We ran into a whirling draft of air of cyclone speed.
Our machine was caught in it and we were pitched over
and over like a feather, whirling, tossing, and tumbling.
We were flung up—up—and up. We don’t know how far
up we are now, because we were carried upward for many
minutes at many miles a minute. Our instrument only
registers sixty thousand feet and the hand reached that
mark long before we were pitched out of the whirling
mass and into still air. The current seems to come up
and then turn east and we were flung to the top side.
We must be fifteen or twenty miles high—way above any
height we dreamed a person could fly. Our motor does
not run as smoothly as it did below, but it is doing fairly
well. We still have to use our own supply of oxygen.
The movements of the machine are rather slow and slug-
gish. It might be that we are flying in air hurled up in
that mighty up-rushing funnel of air from below. We
can not understand it. We are circling about, getting our
nerve back to make a dive for the earth. If we get
through the high eastward current of air and miss the
upward whirlwind, we will be 0. K. If we hit the
upward whirlwind, we will be flung back like a leaf.
We can feel the intense cold through all our furs. It
must be fifty degrees below zero. Nothing but space,

space, space, as far as you can see and in every direction.
You feel like loosening, your belt, stepping on the edge
of the machine and stepping off into—nothing—you feel

as though there were no world—no God—No-"

  The voice broke off and then continued with a note of
excitement in it.

  “We have made a discovery; there are clouds up here
—Dex just pointed several out to me and we are headed
for them. They seem very dense as we get nearer.”
For several minutes the voice stopped and those below
talked in suppressed excitement. They were past the
cheering stage now. What had happened miles above
the earth had made them curious and started them
thinking. Then the voice came, quivering with a tone
of excitement.

  “People, below! I am going to make a statement to
you that will seem unbelieveable, a statement that will
upset all past theories of the upper air. If I were not
sure of bringing down proofs of my statements, I would
not make it and I don't even ask you to believe it, until
we come back.

  “People, below—there is vegetable and animal life here.
We are now flying above a floating island of vegetable
substance while around us and above are hundreds of
other floating islands of the same substance. I have
managed to catch a small handful of the substance as it
floated in the air between the larger bodies of the same
thing.

  “It is nearly transparent, but has a pale greenish color.
It is spongy and tough, being made up of a rubber-like
material full of thousands of small gas pockets. It must
be this gas that keeps it afloat at this great height. It
grows on long rope-like branches like sea-kelp or some
kind of moss. What we took for clouds were great
masses of this plant matted together and floating about.
I believe we could walk on these islands, but it would
be impossible to land our aeroplane for it would sink too
deep to get it out again.

<<TTTE have seen a small bat-like animal fly from one
VV island to another. Another of the same kind of
creatures is flying alongside us and keeps turning its
head to watch us as though it wonders what we are.
I believe it is as much surprised to see us as we are to
see it. Dex has just notified me that he will try to run
it down and wants me to catch or kill it. We must bring
down proofs or we would never dare tell of such things
as are up here. Here we go—we are after the b’at-Iike
animal. Zip!—the blamed little thing is gone; it was just
fooling along with us and when we whirled to reach it.
it shot away like a bullet. They are too speedy for us
to run down. I was close enough to see that it was
nearly the size and shape of a bat, except that it had
a head like a bird with large owl-like eyes, and had a
beak instead of a mouth with teeth. It was of the same
pale sickly green like the plants we have found.

  “Dex has spied something else ahead and is pointing
for me to see but I fail to make it out. Now I see it.
It is something long twisting through the air. It is
turning and coming this way. It is another animal, or
a reptile for it is more like a snake. No, not like a
snake either, for it is about ten feet long and fiat as
can be. Its head is also formed with a beak. It looks
like a huge ribbon floating through the air. It has
turned and is flying above and to one side of us, looking
down at us while it winds its way along. If we can
get within striking distance, I will take a swipe at it
with a wrench. I would like to bring it down—Look out,
Dex—now—hold her steady.”

  The last came in a shouted command and must have

been meant for Dexter, then-

  "That queer snake-like thing turned and in a flash
142

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

had straightened out in a line and shot down on us
like a bullet. It hit the top of our right wing and went
through as though the wing were a spider web. Then
it struck one of our stay wires and was split long ways
for a foot or more. It clung to the wire, thrashing about,
a blood of that pale greenish color oozing out. When I
was ready to go out on the wing and try to get it, it
fell on the lower plane and was blown off. It fell below
to the plant island over which we are flying now. If
it had struck either of us, it would have been death. A
short distance more and we will make the dive for earth
as our oxygen supply is getting low. I have been catch-
ing stray pieces of the plants of which the islands are
made and have a bunch packed in the bottom of my cock-
pit. There is also a large bunch caught in the wires
of our left wing and several small bunches caught in
other places. These might hold fast until we get down.
I have been wondering if the change of pressure on the
plant and animals—if we can catch any animals to bring
down—will cause them to contract. The effect on them
should be just the opposite of the effect on the fish that
have been brought up from two miles or more under the
sea; when they came up, the pressure was so much less
that some swelled up and exploded. I believe these ani-
mals would be pressed together more if brought to the
denser air of the earth’s surface. This plant up here
might be made good use of below at some future time

and if of all the sights-what monsters! What

fierce fighting monsters. Look at the great gashes they
are tearing in each other. They can’t last.

   “Oh, I forgot, you below—we just turned a half circle
around the end of a medium sized floating island and have
come upon one of the most awful battles between two of
(he biggest and fiercest of monsters. One is like a large
flying alligator, except that it has a huge beak and large
bat-like wings. The other is shaped like an octopus,
but has flat arms and two large balloon-like appendages
on its back. It has a hellish beak. They are closed in
one biting, clawing and choking mass. We are circling
them and watching. The flying alligator just laid open
one of the devil-fish of the air’s balloons. It shrank as
though it were full of gas. Now they are whirling on the
air so fast you can hardly tell what is happening. The
alligator has lost the use of one of its wings. The octopus
has wrapped several of its arms around it. They are
starting to sink. They’re dropping, two of the arms, bit-
ten off. Everything up here is that sickly green, both mon-
sters are that color and they are bleeding the green blood
—if it is blood. They are now covered with gashes all
over their bodies. They can’t last much longer. There
goes the other balloon. It shrinks—now they are falling.

i f'T'HEY don't stop fighting. We are following them
I down and still circling around them. The two
fighting air demons have fallen on the big island below
us. They are hardly able to move. The alligator devil
is now on top and rending the octopus to shreds. Its
days are over. The flying alligator—for I don’t know
what else to call it—is victor, but it will never be able
to fly again. One wing is completely torn in shreds and
the other is not much better. Its body is full of big
wounds. The din of their screams and clashing of their
beaks must have been awful. Where they came from or
what they were fighting about, we do not know. It was
one of the most terrific and most awe-inspiring sights,
man ever witnessed.

   "The flying alligator has risen on its hind legs and
is trying to lunge itself into the air, but it can only
flutter like a broken-winged bird. It is giving out its
cry. as we can see by the motion of its beak.

  “Dex shut off the motor for an instant and drifted
• <e over its head. It uttered a piercing scream like

a thousand wild cat whistles, and lunged up for us. I
hate to think what would have happened if it had been
able to fly. I believe it would have rent us in pieces in
a second. We are leaving here right now, for Dex has
pointed out another flying alligator about a mile away,
which is coming this way. It must be answering the
wounded one’s cries. It is traveling fast and coming from
the north. We can see its giant, bat-like wings beating
the air and it rises and falls at each stroke. We are
speeding westward and as soon as we reach the edge of
this extra large floating island over which we are flying,
we will dive for the earth. We can not see the edge,
but it cannot be over a mile or so. We have left the
wounded flying alligator about a half mile back, and the
other monster has already reached it and has circled
above it once.

  ‘‘God, it has turned and is headed after us, its huge
wings beating faster than before. We must reach the
edge and dive, for it travels twice as fast as our slug-
gish-acting machine. I am not scared, for I can see the
edge about two miles ahead and we will reach it before
the demon can overtake us. Another has dropped from
above where the wounded alligator is and it, also, is
now headed after us. Miles above the earth and being
chased by two hideous monsters. Have you ever noticed
birds flying? When they beat their wings downwards,
they not only go forward, but partly upward as well, and
when they raise their wings for another stroke, they
sink a little instead of keeping a straight course ahead.
That is the way these demons fly. Dex is giving our
machine all it will take.

  “The two demons are going fast, but we will reach
the edge before they can catch us. God help us, an-
other monster and straight ahead. We can not go that
way and must turn south or north. No, not north for

I	see two coming from that direction. We are nearly
surrounded and our only hope is south. I see the edge
south, but it is a mile farther away than west. But
we will make it. I don’t see any of the demons coming
from that direction. Our machine is roaring at full
speed, but we are not making over fifty or sixty miles in
this rarefied sir. The demons of this upper air are
flying twice as fast and now there are nearly a dozen
close on our trail and swiftly gaining. . . . We are near
the edge and our danger is over. A minute more and
we would have been lost, for now there are two monsters
in front of us. We are surrounded, but we will reach
the edge and will head down like a bullet before they
can get near enough to head us off. Their screams are
bringing other monsters from all directions.

  “Just passed one of those hideous flying devil-fish and
see another ahead and above us. We are >ust at the
edge and are tipping down for our long dive. Will be
with you in a few-Dex, Dex, Look out for the devil-
fish. For God's sake, look, Dex-Oh, God, too late—

We are done. Our propeller is shattered, we are falling.
Look out below—No, we have fallen on the edge of the
island. We are tearing through. No we have stopped.
God, we are in a fix. The devil-fish flung itself at us
and into our propeller and wrecked it and blocked the
controls and we fell straight down. . . We are within
a few hundred feet of the edge, the weight of the ma-
chine has sunk us until we rest in a sloping crater
about fifty feet deep. The monsters are arriving and
flying in circles above us. Our motor is quiet and when
we raise our receivers, the screams and snapping of their
giant beaks almost deafen us. Our only hope now is to
reach the edge and trust ourselves to our safety para-
chutes.”

  For several minutes the horns were quiet and the peo-
ple jammed around them listening for further word from

the two men in the void above. They whispered together
THE TERRORS OF THE UPPER AIR

143

in low under-tones and every minute or so their eyes
traveled upward in an attempt to pierce the blind of the
miles distance. But in vain. At last—it seemed hours,
though it was only a few minutes—the voice came again.

  “We took our parachutes from their holders on the
side of the machine and started up to the top of the
sink-hole we are in. The monsters began to come closer
as we neared the top and one made a dive for us, so
we retreated to the machine. They seem to be afraid to
come into this pit we are in. We found a place on one
side of the pit where the vegetable has been pulled until
it has pulled apart and we can see below. We are going
to this hole now and enlarge it sufficiently to enable us
to drop through—all is clear below—so good bye, but
watch for us to come sailing down soon. We are carrying
oxygen tanks with us to breathe.”

  The voice ceased and the crowd began to watch above
for any specks that might turn out to be the two men and
their parachutes. Many minutes passed, then the voice
came, a voice filled with a tone of despair and terror.

(f'T'HEY got poor Dexter. He went first, after we had
A enlarged the hole, and before he had dropped five
hundred feet a dozen of the monsters were after him.
Helpless in the parachute, they dived on him and dragged
him up to the top of the island and tore him to shreds.
Now they are screaming and snapping their beaks above
this pit and are swooping nearer and nearer. . Their
taste of blood seems to have made them wilder. I will
fight them from the cockpit and if I can hold out until
night, I might <’rop through the hole and escape in the
darkness. I have broken a spar loose for a club. They
are coming closer. I struck at that one. It just missed
my head. They are gathering in a bunch. They are div-
ing for me in one mass. I’m lost—Good-bye.”

  A shriek of a man in mortal agony and terror
rang out in the air, followed by a shriek from the
crowd. Then all was still. The people knew all was
over in the far upper air. Men stood gazing upward,
ghastly white, while women buried their faces in their
hands and wept.

   A dull thud was heard at the far side of the infield
and people began to gather there on a run. A hole
showed where something had fallen with enough force to
bury itself. Hurriedly digging, they unearthed an oxy-
gen tank, one of the tanks that Kidwell and Dexter had
taken up with them. A cry from some people as they
pointed aloft drew thousands of eyes in that direction.
Fluttering and falling, something was coming down.
Several hands grabbed it as soon as it came within reach.
One uttered a cry and let go. He held up his hands
in horror. They were wet with fresh blood.

  A broken and torn part of an aeroplane wing, spat-
tered with red blood, fell. Kidwell and the aeroplane
must have been torn to pieces by the demons of the

far upper air, and the tank and pieces of the plane scat-
tered over the edge of the floating vegetable island, must
have fallen to earth.

  Another shout and once more all looked aloft. The
air was full in all directions with thousands of fluttering
pieces that looked like paper. When they fell among
the crowd a shout of surprise went up.

  "Money—Money—One dollar bills.”

  Over the ground for miles around the Fair Grounds
there fell a shower of one dollar bills. This was the last
thing ever heard or seen of the two men and the aero-
plane.

  Afew weeks later Pemberton and the President of the
State Fair were talking in the President’s office. The
President spoke:

  “I have had two different planes up since Kidwell and
Dexter were lost. The men went armed with shot guns
and prepared for trouble. They were unable to find
any upward current of air and they cruised all around
in search of it. I am informed, though, that such a
current would not necessarily always be in the same place,
else it might stop altogether, just like winds near the
earth. I have given up hope of anybody reaching the
scene of the awful tragedy above.”

  “If there ever was an awful tragedy above,” Pember-
ton added. The President looked at him in blank sur-
prise.

  “What?”

  “I say if there ever was an awful tragedy above—if
Kidwell and Dexter ever did get over two or three
miles high.”

  “What? Don't you think that Kidwell and Dexter
were killed by the monsters many miles above the earth,
as they described? Why do you think they weren’t?”

  Pemberton slowly answered:

  “I don’t know what to think. There is 110 reason for
my doubting the truth of their death miles above the
earth. I have gone over it all hundreds of times, yet

I	can not make up my mind whether far above float the
remains of two of the bravest men, or whether far away
on the earth's surface are two of the slickest rascals
that ever lived. Did what Dexter described really hap'
pen or did they fly above out of our sight and concoct
the story? Did they cast down an oxygen tank, smear
blood on a piece of plane that they might have taken
with them for the purpose, and cast it down to fool us?
A small cut on a finger might have furnished the blood,
and they might have cast down part of the stolen money.
Why did only one-dollar bills come down? Where are
the half-million dollars of large bills? .They could be
floating far above with the wrecked plane. Where is the
upward whirlwind? Still, it might have moved or died
out. We might have listened to one of the most awful
death struggles, or we might have been the victims of on0
of the cleverest jokes ever played on the public. And
the men escaped with half a million dollars. Who knowsl

The End.
144

AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Two Years”

 "AND it hasn't been hard to get them, either. Why.
 it aeons only yesterday that I was wondering if I
 would ever make as much as §45 a week. And now
 J'm making $7S.

   "Tom Dawson was speaking about it today. 'Gee,'
 he said, ‘I wish I had started studying with the
 I. C 5. when you did. Here I am plugging away
 lit the same o!d Job and the same o!d salary while
 you've gone 'way up. I bet> you're making twicc as
 much as I nm. And to think that two years ego
 **e were working side by side.’

   "I told him it wasn’t too late if lie would only
 make the start and he said he was going to send in
 >ne of those I. C. S. coupons right away.

   "I hope he does, bccause an I. C. S. course is the
 very thing he needs to get out of the rut. I wouldn't
 be making anywhere nor ST5 a week if I hadn't
 started to study just when I did."

   Every day. in offlc*. shop and factory, you will And
 rin-n who are being (inn bitter position* and latger
 •alarlea becauso they are itU'blng at home In s;>are tUno
 with tho International Coire«i»nrfer.co 6chooB.

   An I. C. S. course helped Jew* O. Vincent to tlso
 from tool-mafcer to Vlce^prealdent of tlio Packard Motor
 Car Company. It helped Ceorso Crle’ole to riie fiotu
 a itone-raaion to tho owner of a builnen paying 113,000
 a year. It btlped Bert S. Itrtnaloy to Increast hi* salary
 ten timet. And It will help you too. If you will only
 irake tho itart.

  Mail the Coupon for Free Booklet

   INTERNATIONAL CORR^fONDENCE 8CH00L3

“The Cniccr^u* Unierrtdg'’

Box 7M2-B, Sranton, Penna.

   Without eoit or obligation, please send me a copv of
 your booklet, "Who Wins and Why," and full particular*
 about the tubject te/or« which 1 have marked X:

 □	Induitrlnl Management

 □	Personnel Management
 UTralUo ManxKemou

 □	Accounting and C.P.A.

   Coaching

 §Cott Accounting
 Hookkeeping
 Salesmanship

 B Secretarial Work
 Snanith □ frenrb
 Advertising

   BBuslncrs Correspondence
   Shwv Card nnd Sign
   Lettering
   Stenography and Typing
   Citll Svrrlco
   Hallway Mall Clerk
   Common School Subjects
   High School Subject*
   UMugnr.Ino and Book
   „ TJIuntralor
   □ Cartooning

 TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

Eleetrlcul Engineer
Electric I.IgMIng
Mcdiunlcal Engineer
Meehan lor,1 Draftsman
Machine Shop Practlco
Hall road Po»ltlon.i
Ga* Engino Operating
Cirll Engineer
Surreying and Mapping
Metallurgy □ Mining
Steam Engineering □ Radio

 Aiihitcet
 Architects* Blueprints
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 ChemMry D Pharmacy
 Automobile Work
 Airplane Engine*
 Agriculture and Poultry
 Mathematics

Name.............

Street Addreu

City..............................................State.................................

Occupation...........................................................................

If VOU reiltle In Canada, trnd IKIt roupon In the Interna-
tional COrrfwidrnc* Bchooti Cano4lon, Umttei. Moi.trrtf

Travel on
“Uncle Sam’s” Payroll

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS
MAIL CARRIERS

$1700 to $3300 Year-

Many U. S. Government Job* obtainable

MEN-BOYS, 17 Up SU0V^oVirCclT0N

Steady Work No Layoffs Paid Vacations

COUPON

 Just what you've wanted—

 A book of tricks ami purr.lc* for an evening Indonrj. Sam Lloyd’s Trick* and Pur.r.lc3—116 pagcn—Pn?rlc.« cf
       1 , ? wl>o!?	And a spc-iai 2fi-|.age section of scientific pu?/lc» for tho mechanic, tho engineer,

 or tho man with a scientific trend of mind. Get buiy new. and work them out!

 [YPtn„(rllTfll TR,CKS AND PUZZLES—50e—on all newutantfi or direct
 EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO.. INC............ 230 Filth Avenue. New York City

116 pages, 9 x 12, illustrated
Start Now!

50c

on (he newsstand
or use coupon

   EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO.. Ine.

   230 Filth Ave.. New York. N. Y.

   Ocntlunicn: I cnclo»o 50c for one copy of
   TELEVISION.

NAME ..............................

ADDRESS ...........................

 CITY....................... STATE..

TELEVISION,

   Wonder of the Age—It j
 soon will be in full swing!

     be a pioneer build your own
  Excerpt from Science & Invention:
  "Television may solve star secrets.
  Color images of planets can be
  broadcast from observatories and
  flashed in screen at distant points." j
  —Donald H. Menzct. Ph.D.

                           I<:ck. Observatory. |
   Scientific men the world over arc I
   directing their attention to this dis- j
   covery of the age — Television. =
   Everything points to its becoming; I
   as world-wide as Radio.	j

     Get into this interesting subject, '
  and take an active part in the im-
  portant experiments that are being
  conducted daily.

     In its infancy as it is. you may
  unearth an important discovery
  that will reap a good profit.

   This book — ALL ABOUT
 TELEVISION—will enable you to
 build a fine workable set.

Scientific Fact
Radio Activity
Inventive Thought
Experiment

everything of note
in a matter-of-fact
manner.

SCIENCE & INVENTION—at the
crossroads of the Nation! Everything
of interest and of scientific note—
Science. Invention. Radio, Chemistry,
Astronomy, Electricity, etc.

What is it that you want to know?—
these selected topics arc treated in a
non-tcchnical wanner, giving them an
every-day appearance and an under-
standing for all.

What is more, the year’s subscription
to SCIENCE & INVENTION will
mean 12 volumes chock full of inter-
esting topics, valuable information,
helps for the home and business and
many hours of entertainment.
SCIENCE Sr INVENTION—a pre-
view of modern scientific endeavor.

25c

on all newsstands

If your news dealer has none on hand,
the little time spent writing directly
to us, will be well rewarded.

ICO PAGES OR MORE
IN EACH ISSUE

EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., Inc.

230 5th Ave., N.Y.C.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org