X strange/ X
/ Flint - The Lord of Death \

/	exciting/	\

Merritt - Conquest of the Moon Pool - A

weird /

Marshall - Who Is Charles Avison ?

astounding /

Farley - The Radio Man -1

BIZARRE /

Kaempffert- The Diminishing Draft

STARTLING /

\Giesy - The Gravity Experiment /

eerie /	/

Fisher - Lights
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
ADVERTISING SECTION

HEMUUCKED- THEN A TIP COT BILL A GOOD JOB!

Mail this to get 64- page book FREE

tom's RlCrHt ANUNTRA/NEO
MAH HASHT A CHANCE. / *1
GO//VG TO TRAW FOR
&AD/0 700. /r-s I'tSSNd
ToDATS F/ELD OF /> I
opportuh/t/es/j^SKBSr

k -FOR GOOD PAY 'Sjrl

MY RAISE DIDN'T COME THROUGH MARY
everything looks so hopeless

stu, just mailing- that
Coupon gave me a quick
. START TO SUCCESS-
nRADIO. MAH f

TH/S ONE	»

l|* m TON/CrHT

[#.; <1 sr/u >V

&«fVi A ■* YOC/A/Cr Jl
KS* ' W GROW//ZG- mt
W	F/«fl Ji 14

             IT isn't HOPE IRS. 'BILL
             WHY DON'T YOU TRY J&
             ■RADIO. TZ>M GREEN /"*
             ISVOINGWELL (jp
             771Z/r 70 HIM I

THANK!' THATS\
4/0 EXTRA I'VE
MADE THIS WEEK
IN SPAPE T/ME ,

r you sups \
KNOW PAO/O.
Mr SET NEVER
SOUNDED .
. BETTER A

  OHB/LI. ITS
  WONDERFUL.
  YOU'VE GONE
  AHEAD SO ,
  wsr /M
  RADIO i

/HAVE A GOOD
FULL TIME JOB
/VOW—AMD A
3R/GHT FUTURE

---//V RAD/O

    AND

\TELEV/S/ON

I Trained These Men

            Chief Operator Broadcasting

                      8tntlon

           "When I completed 20 lessons.
           1 obtained my Radio Broadcast
           Operator's llcenn* and imm&.
           dfately Joined Station WMPC,
           whero I am now Chief Opera tor.'*
           HOLLIS F. HAYES
           327 Madison St.
           Lonoer. Michigan

special Radio equip- If ■ W&

ment to conduct et- V
periments and build \
circuit!. This 50-50 \
training method makes V "'grew
learning at homo in-
terwllng. fascinating,	\

Srarl leal. I ALSO J\

ivk voi; a mod- VJBQa^L

' I.S. I'KOl'f- :-S|f AL fJW a«4 VjBBl

            RH mj

POSE SE7 SERVIC- «■ JT
INC INSTRUMENT to

■she j- «■ »"*’•«. mm

learning and emilp National Radio Institute

SSk L'S £2 “,abll,h'a 25 *—

uate.

Find Out What Radio Offer* You

Act Today! Mall the coupon for my 04-page
Book. “Rich Rewards In Radio." It points
out Radio's spare time and full time oppor-
tunities and those coming in Television;
tells about my course In Radio and Televi-
sion; shows many letters from men I have
trained, telling what they are doing and
earning. Read my money back agreement.
MAIL COUPON In an envelope, or paste on
a penny i hi a ten rd—NOW!

J. E. Smith. President
Dept. 9NK. Notional Radio Institute
Washington, D. C.

Radio it a young, growing field with a fu-
ture. offering many good pay spare time and
full time job opportunities. And you don't
have to give up your present Job to became
n Radio Technician. 1 train you right at
homo in your spare time.

    Why Many Radio Technicians Make
$30. $40. $50 a Week
Radio broadcasting stations employ engineers,
operators, technicians. Radio manufacturers
employ testers, inspectors, foremen, service-
men In good-pay jobs. Radio jobbers. dealers,
employ Instillation and service men. Many
Ra<lin Technician* open their own Radio sales
and repair businesses and make $30. $40. $50
n week. Others hold their regular Jobs and
make $3 lo $10 a week fixing Radios in spare
lime. Automobile, police, aviation. Commer-
cial Radio: loudspeaker systems, electronic
devices are other fields offering opportunities
for which N'.R.l. gives the required knowl-
edge of Radio. Television promises to open
good Jobs soon.

     Many Make S5. $10 a Week Extra
In Spare Time While Learning
The dav you enroll, I start sending you
Extra Money Job Sheets which start showing
you how to do Radio repair Jobs. Throughout
your course I send plans and directions
which have helped many make 8200 to 8500
a yesr In spare xfme white learning. I send

     Service Manager for
     Four Stores

"I was working In a garage
when 1 enrolled with N.R.I. In
a few months I made enough
to pay for tho course three or
four times. I am now Radio

service manager for the M--

Furniture Co. for their four
Stores." JAMES E. RYAN
1843 Slade St.

            Fall River. Mass.

            Over $1,000 Before Graduating

           "Before completing half the
           K.R.I. Course 1 was servicing
           set*, and I maile 81. OOO lo
           81,200 iK'fore graduating. I am
           doing Radio service work for
           myself now."

                ASHLEY G. ALDRmOE
                1228 Shepherd St.
                Petersburg. Va.

   1200 to $300 a Month In
Own Business
"For the last two years I have
been In business for myself
making between 8200 and 8300
a month. Business ha* steadily
Increased. I have N.R.X. to
thank for my start In till* field."
ARLlK J. PROEHNER
300 W. Texas Ave.
Goose Creek. Texas

  J. E. Smith, President

  Dept. 9NK. National Radio Institute

 Washington, D. C.

  Dear Mr. Smith: Send me FREE, without obligation, your
  64-page book "Rich Rewards In Radio,” which points out
  Batno a opportunities and tells how you train men at home* to
  be Radio Technicians. (Write Plainly.)

NAME....................................... AGE........

ADDRESS ...................................................

CITY..................................... STATE............

I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

    in goar spare time fora

GOOD JOB IN RADIO «K
* m<0 *

                                  Patent Applied For

VoL I

DECEMBER, 1939

No. 3

THIS magazine is
the answer to
thousands of requests
that we have received
over a period of years,
demanding a second
look at famous fan-
tasies which, since
their original publica-
tion, have become ac-
cepted classics. Our
choice has been dic-
tated by your requests
and our firm belief
that these are the aces
of imaginative fiction.

—The Editors.

ASTOUNDING!

The Radio Man.......Ralph Milne Farley 6

In Three Parts—Part I

BIZARRE!

    The Diminishing Draft

»	Waldemar Kaempffert 28

She played with dangerous secrets of modern
science and became a tiny toy of fate

STRANGE!

The Lord of Death........Homer Eon Flint 42

Three Earthmen unvei! the last secret of a dead
planet

EERIE!

Lights ......................Philip Fisher 78

The dead signaled “Danger Ahead"—and the
living laughed

EXCITING!

The Conquest of the Moon Pool. .A. Merritt 84
In Six Parts—Part II-

WEIRD!

    Who Is Charles Avison?

                      Edison Tesla Marshall 110
    He came back from space to attend his own
    funeral

STARTLING!

The Gravity Experiment........J. U. Giesy 118

    The amazing story of Professor Zapt’s latest
               N scientific prank

 THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. Publisher. 280 Broadway. New York. N. Y.

 WILLIAM T. DEWART. Pretident

 THE CONTINENTAL PUBLISHERS & DISTRIBUTORS. LTD.

                         3 La Belle Sanvage. LudKate Hill, London. E.C.. 4

Paria: HACHETTE * CIE, 111 Rue Reaumur

                            Copyright. 1939. by The Frank A. Munsey Company
Published monthly. Single copy 10 cents. By the year. $1.50 in United States, its dependencies. Mexico and
Cuba - Canada, $1.75. Other countries, $2.25. Application for entry as second clnss mutter lias been lllcd.
Currency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should be made by check, e*press money order or
postal money order. Copyrighted in Great Britain. Printed in U. S. A.

The January Issue Will Be On Sale December 6
ADVERTISING SECTION

   extra
   long I'

    batte#1

 ■”I0NAI CA»»0“ ‘

      MODUC»

    "Panic stricken, we scurried about madly. Then, a pin-point of light far away
winked reassuringly! Unable to fix the disabled lantern, the man on shore had sensed
our plight, and luckily had a flashlight in his dufflebag. It probably saved us. From
now on we will sing the praises of'Eveready’ ... Q /J n .
fresh dated batteries—die kind you can de- 18 ' ftr3}. T
pend upon in emergency.

FRESH BATTERIES LAST LONGER...^^*^ DATE-LI

NATIONAL CARBON COMPANY, INC., 30 EAST 42ND STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y.

Unit of Union Carbide |l|^ and Carbon Corporation

ering advertisements it is desirable that uou mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries

                                              3

CAUGHT by

rising tide in

SHARK-FILLED
WATERS!

G. Brooks Taylob

   Pledger, Texas

O	“One night a party of us started out to spear
flounders in the warm, shallow Gulf coast waters,”
writes Mr. Taylor. "As the tide ebbs away, the floun-
der remains on the sandy bottom, often in only a
few inches of water.

"Enjoying the sport, we wandered farther and
from land, trusting the lantern left on the
beach with one of our party to guide us safely back.

© "Suddenly, we realized that the tide had turned!
Then, ourguiding light disappeared. We didn’t know
which way to run—trapped in shark-filled waters!
ADVERTISING SECTION

ESPIONAGE?

Watch your nearest
news stand for the
first issue of

Famous
SPY STORIES

 A thrilling new magazine crammed with exciting
 yarns about the daring exploits of the espionage
 agents . . . all written by

MAX BRAND

• • • • •

       WATCH FOR IT!
on sale Nov. 15th............15c

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries

ANNOUNCING to people who need a practical

=^=^= knowledge or bookkeeping
A SHORT, PRACTICAL COURSE

MODERN BOOKKEEPING

New. m>to-the-minute plan of training —the Job Specially designed for owners, managers, secretaries.
Method. You learn by doing. Interesting — simple— office workers, etc. A half hour a day study at home

ea5f' ,, . „	enables you to clearly understand business records or
i !"}, ‘or sPare .tlme busy people. No previous to keep complete set of books,
knowledge or experience necessary. We tram from Cost is low and convenient terms can be arranged,

ground up. Complete, yet no waste motion.	For full information—free—write Dept. 1258-HR

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A C°NSTmrnoNNCE Chicago, III.

9 Only 10c a Day *

 B*va ortt H on all Hlanrfnrd office model,

 41*o portable* mi reduood prieM.

SEND NO MONET

 All Ul« model* complete! r r>'finUh'>d lifc*m
 brand no*. FULLY GUARANTEED.*

 Bit IrM catalog ahow* actual machiurfl
 in full color*. Lowest price*. Send at on>

 »r«e courso in typing includod.

Vz Price

TrUI

. .jnroe S.
Dopt. 1236. Chicago

Classified Advertisements

   The Purpose of this Department is to put the
   reader in touch immediately with the newest need-
   fuls for the HOME. OFFICE, FARM, or PERSON;
   to offer, or seek, an unusual BUSINESS OPPOR-
   TUNITY, or to suggest a service that may be per-
   formed satisfactorily through correspondence. It
   will pay a housewife or business man equally well
   to read these advertisements carefully.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

Monaster/

Secrets

. . . THE FORBIDDEN
KNOWLEDGE OF TIBET

What strange secrets of nature are
locked within the mountain fast-
ness of Tibet? What control over
the forces of the Universe do these
cloistered sages exercise? For cen-
turies the world has sought to know
the source of their power—to learn
their mastery of life, and their faculty
for OOercomtng problems with which
the masses of mankind still
struggle. Have they sel-
fishly deprived humanity
of these rare teachings?

           WRITE FOR THIS

            FREE BOOK

             Like the streams that
        trickle from the Him-
        alayan heights to the
        plateaus below./Ae
        great truths of these
        , brotherhoods have
        descended through the
        ages. One of the preserv-
        ers of the wisdom of the
        Orient is the Rosicrucian
        Brotherhood (not a re-
        ligious organization). They
        invtfeyou to write today for
        their FREE Scaled Book,
        with its amazing revela-
        tions about these mys-
        teries of life. Address:
        Scribe R.H. K.

Jhe ROSICRUCIANS

AMORC
Son Jose, Calif.

              U.S.A.

CORRESPONDENCE courses and educational hooks. slightly used.
8old. Rented. Exchanged. All subjects. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cash
paid for used courses. Comoloto dotalls und bargain catalog FREE.
Send name. NELSON COMPANY, M-214, Manhattan Bu i Id I n tf. Ch I cago.

MALE HELP WANTED

STEADY WORK—GOOD PAY

Reliable man wanted to call on farmer: No experience or capital
required. Pleasant work. H‘>mo every nlsht. Make up 10 S13 a daj.
Wondorful new proposition. Particulars Free. Write
_McNESS CO.. Dept. 327. Freeport. Illinois_

SONG POEMS WANTED

 SONG POEMS WANTED AT ONCE! MOTHER. HOME. LOVE.
 PATRIOTIC. SACRED, COMIC Oil ANT SUBJECT. DON’T
 DELAY—SEND YOUR POEM TODAY FOR IMMEDIATE CON-
 SIDERATION. RICHARD BROS.. 61 WOODS BI.DG-, CHICAGO
STOPPED

quicklv

ITCH

®	01 e«ema, rashf R

SMSSSSSi -»

35c I10IU1. il (racists, proies It or

 -r* •> •:* -i- ❖ ❖ *:♦ *:• ❖ -j*
 SUCCESS AND HAPPINESS ARE YOURS!

 tick

VARUNA

ASTRO-ANALYST

 Forecast your Future—Dealing with Love, Marriage
 & Business, mailed with Your FREE Horoscope.
 Send Birth Date, Month & Year, with only $1.00 to ,
 P. O. Box 585e. Seattle, Wash,, FOR THIS YO0R *>
 PERSONAL GUIDE.	*

QUIT TOBACCO BRIMS'

          tobacco holds on you I White Cross Anti-Tobacco
          baa helped thousands release themselves from
          \ Smoking, Chewing orSnuff. Pleasant. Harmless.
          1 Established 27 years. Write today for trial offer.
          Address: WHffE CROSS COMPANY
          TndiMarh 411M Reliance Building Kansas City, Mo.

rapnannni^#

   M	WITHOUT POWDER (wtspekoJ.

                Dr. Burnett's Demure Lining works under a new
                principle, Stops falling leetii while eating. talking,
                laughing. Not a glue or oowder. Nothing like It ever

  ____sold bofore. Quickly, easily applied. Lei us prove our

  claims. We will send, postpaid, a complete trial for 25c together
  with complete Instructions, Money-back guarantee. Ask for free,
  reluabla Information.

             INLAND LABORATORIES. INC.

 Deot. 108	Bex 3346 Merchandise Mart	Chicago

I took UP writing

r “• ■

    "When I leave the office at the end of the day 1
 step into a thrilling new world! You see, spare-time
 writing gives you the uemendbus fun of creating
 something—of building up your observations and
 ideas so they're as interesting to other people as to
 yourself! And there's that other big thrill—the thrill
 of social recognition. For I’ve acquired hosts of in-
 teresting and important new friends. The profit is
 worthwhile, too!" . . . Lucky fellow, you say. Yet
 like all the men and women who have made a success
 of this profitable hobby he has a very simple secret—
 he learned how to write.

Learn to Write by Writing

    A recent survey conducted by a famous university
 shows that journalistic training has proved itself prac-
 tical over ail other methods or learning how to write.
 For the careers of the majority of authors questioned
 (including America's greatest writers) were built on
 experience gained under the Newspaper Copy Desk
 Method! And that's the method Newspaper Institute
 of America uses to teach you professional writing as a
 hobby. You learn to write by writing under skilled
 constructive criticism, sympathetically directed to help
 you with your individual writing problems.

    Each week you receive a fascinating assignment.
 Your work is analyzed by men of long newspaper
 experience. As you write, profiting by their corrections
 and advice, you find yourself acquiring a distinctive
 style. You master the intricacies of story construction
 —learn how to write a story vigorously, dramatically.
 In short, you're learning to write the kind of things
 editors will buy.

Here's How to Get Started

          C?iupon for our Writing Aptitude Test—it tells you
  YwVl • accurately what your native abilities at writing are.
  tfon Get'starteH 'Ifnf'n8 Thorc is absolutely no ofliga-
  of /imcrica.l Park Avenuej	NewsPa»ir Inst'~"

  * Name on Request.

ADVERTISING SECTION
“Help! Help! I can't get my arm out, The
plant is eating me!” he cried, as Doggo
fussed about, trying to aid him

The Radio Man

PART I

By RALPH MILNE FARLEY

Author of “The Radio Beasts," "The Radio Planet," etc.

A blinding flash, and Myles Cabot finds himself in the strange Ant World

of the planet Venus

CHAPTER I

THE MESSAGE IN THE METEOR

NEVER had I been so frightened in
all my life! It was a warm evening
late in August, and I was sitting on
the kitchen steps of my Chappaquiddick
Island farmhouse, discussing the drought
with one of the farm hands. Suddenly there
appeared in the sky over our heads a flam-
ing fiery mass, rushing straight downward
toward us.

  “Here’s where a shooting star gets me,”
I thought, as I instinctively ducked my
head, just as though such a feeble move
as ducking one’s head could afford any

possible protection from the flaming ter-
ror. The next instant there came a dull
crash, followed by silence, which in turn
was broken by the hired man dryly re-
marking: “I reckon she struck over to
Cow Hill.” Cow Hill was the slight ele-
vation just back of our farmhouse.

  So the meteor hadn’t been aimed ex-
actly as me, after all.

  If that thing had hit me, some one else
would be giving to the world this story.

  We did nothing further about the
meteor that night, being pretty well shaken
up by the occurrence. But next morning,
as soon as the chores were done, the hired
man and I hastened to the top of Cow

Copyrighted, 1921. by The Frank A. Munsey Co.
6
The other ants stood uncertainly. Were
they friendly, or would they leave him to
his fate?

Hill, to look for signs of last night’s fiery
visitor.

  And, sure enough, there were plenty of
signs. Every spear of grass was singed
from the top of the hill; the big rock on
the summit showed marks of a collision;
and several splinters of some black igneous
material were lying strewed around. Lead-
ing from the big rock there ran down the
steep side of the hill a gradually deepen-
ing furrow, ending in a sort of caved-in
hole.

  We could not let slip such a good oppor-
tunity to get some newspaper publicity for
our farm. And so on the following Thurs-
day a full account of the meteoric visita-

tion appeared in the Vineyard Gazette,
with the result that quite a number of
summer folks walked across the island
from the bathing beach to look at the
hole.

  And there was another result, for early
the following week I received a letter from
Professor Gerrish, of the Harvard Ob-
servatory, stating that he had read about
the meteor in the paper, and requesting
that 1 send him a small piece—or, if pos-
sible, the whole meteor—by express, col-
lect, for purposes of analysis.

  Anything for dear old Harvard! Unfor-
tunately all the black splinters had been
carried away by tourists. So I set the men
8

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

to work digging out the main body. Quite
a hole was dug before we came to the
meteor, a black pear-shaped object about
the size of a barrel. With rock tongs,
chains and my pair of Percherons we
dragged this out onto the level. I had
hoped that it would be small enough so
that I could send the whole thing up to
Harvard and perhaps have it set up in
front of the Agassiz Moseum, marked with
a bronze plate bearing my name; but its
size precluded this.

  My wife, who was present when we
hauled it out, remarked: “It looks just
like a huge black teardrop or raindrop.”

  And sure enough it did. But why not?
If raindrops take on a streamline form in
falling, why might not a more solid meteor
do so as well? But I had never heard of
one doing so before. This new idea
prompted me to take careful measurements
and to submit them to Professor O. D.
Kellogg, of the Harvard mathematics de-
partment, who was summering at West
Chop near by. He reported to me that the
form was as perfectly streamlined as it
was possible to conceive, but that my sur-
mise as to how it had become so was ab-
surd.

WHILE making these measurements
I was attracted by another feature
of the meteor. At one place on the side,
doubtless where it had struck the big rock,
the black coating had been chipped away,
disclosing a surface of yellow metal un-
derneath. Also there was to be seen in this
metal an absolutely straight crack, extend-
ing as far as the metal was exposed, in a
sidewise direction.

  At the time the crack did not attract
me so much as the metal. I vaguely won-
dered if it might not be gold. But, being
reminded of Professor Gerrish’s request
for a sample of the meteor, I had one of
the men start chiseling off some pieces.

  The natural spot to begin was alongside
of the place where the covering was already
chipped. It was hard work, but finally he
removed several pieces, and then we no-
ticed that the crack continued around the

waist of the meteor as far as had been
chipped. This crack, from its absolute
regularity, gave every indication of being
man-made.

  Our curiosity was aroused. Why the
regularity of this crack? How far did it
go? Could it possibly extend clear way
around? Was it really a threaded joint?
And if so, how could such a phenomenon
occur on a meteorite dropped from the
sky?

  Forgotten was the second crop mowing
we had planned to do that day. Hastily
summoning the rest of the help, we set to
work with cold chisels and sledges, to re-
move the black coating in a circle around
the middle of the huge teardrop. It was a
long and tedious task, for the black sub-
stance was harder than anything I had
ever chipped before. We broke several
drills and dented the yellow metal unmerci-
fully, but not so much so but what we
could see that the threaded crack did actu-
ally persist.

  The dinner hour passed, and still we
worked, unmindful of the appeals of our
womenfolk, who finally abandoned us with
much shrugging of shoulders.

  It was nearly night when we completed
the chipping and applied two chain
wrenches to try and screw the thing apart.
But, after all our efforts, it would not
budge. Just as we were about to drop the
wrenches and start to chisel through the
metal some one suggested that we try to
unscrew it as a left-handed screw. Happy
thought I For, in spite of all the dents
which we had made, the two ends at last
gradually untwisted.

  What warrant did we have to suppose
that there was anything inside it? I must
confess, now it is all over, that we went
through this whole day’s performance in
a sort of feverish trance, with no definite
notion of what we were doing, or why;
and yet impelled by a crazy fixed idea that
we were on the verge of a great discovery.

  And at last our efforts had met with
success, and the huge teardrop lay before
us in two neatly threaded parts. The in-
side was hollow and was entirely filled with
THE RADIO MAN

9

something tightly swathed in silver colored
felt tape.

  Breathless, we unwound over three hun-
dred feet of this silver tape, and finally
came to a gold cylinder about the size and
shape of a gingersnap tin—that is to say,
a foot long and three inches in diameter
—chased all around with peculiar ara-
besque characters. By this time Mrs. Far-
ley and my mother-in-law and the hired
girl had joined us, attracted by the shouts
which we gave when the teardrop had come
apart.	_

  One end of the cylinder easily un-
screwed—also with a left-handed thread—
and I drew forth a manuscript, plainly
written in the English language, on some
tissue-thin substance like parchment.

  Every one clustered around me, as I
turned to the end to see who it was from,
and read with astonishment the following
signature: “Myles S. Cabot.”

  But this name meant nothing to anyone
present except myself.

  I heard one of the hands remark to an-
other:

  “ ’Twarn’t no shootin’ star at all.
Nothin’ but some friend of the boss shoot-
in’ a letter to him out of one of these here
long-range guns.”

  “Maybe so,” said I to myself.

  But Mrs. Farley was quivering with ex-
citement.

  “You must tell me all about it, Ralph,”
said she. -“Who can be sending you a mes-
sage inside a meteor, I wonder?”

  My reply was merely: “I think that
there is a clipping in one of my scrapbooks
up in the attic which will answer that
question.”

  There was! I found the scrapbook in a
chest under the eaves, but did not open
it until after chores and supper, during
which meal I kept a provoking silence on
the subject of our discovery.

WHEN the dishes were finally all
cleared away, I opened the book
on the table and read to the assembled
household the following four-year-old clip-
ping from the Boston Post.

CITIZEN DISAPPEARS

Prominent Clubman Vanishes from
Beacon Street Home

  Myles S. Cabot, of 162 Beacon
Street, disappeared from his bachelor
quarters late yesterday afternoon, un-
der very mysterious circumstances.

  He had been working all day in his
radio laboratory on the top floor of
his house, and had refused to come
down for lunch. When called to dinner,
he made no reply: so his butler finally
decided to break down the door, which
was locked.

  The laboratory was found lo be
empty. All the windows were closed and
locked, and the key was on the inside
of the door. In a heap on the floor lay
a peculiar collection of objects, consist-
ing of Mr. Cabot’s watch and chain,
pocket knife, signet ring, cuff links
and tic pin, some coins, a metal belt
buckle, two sets of garter snaps, some
safety pins, a gold pen point, a pen
clip, a silver pencil, some steel buttons,
and several miscellaneous bits of metal.
There was a smell in the air like one
notices in electric power houses. The
fuses on the laboratory power line were
all blown out.

  The butler immediately phoned to
police headquarters, and Detective
Flynn was dispatched lo the scene. He
questioned all the servants thoroughly,
and confirmed the foregoing facts.

  The police are still working on the
case.

WAS PROMINENT RADIO
ENTHUSIAST

  Myles S. Cabot, whose mysterious
disappearance yesterday has shocked
Boston society, was the only son of the
late Alden Cabot. His mother was a
Sears of Southboro.

  The younger Cabot since his gradua-
tion from Harvard had devoted himself
to electrical experimenting. Although
prominent in the social life of the city*
and an active member of the Union,
University, New York Yacht, and Mid-
dlesex Hunt Clubs, he nevertheless had
found lime to invent novel and useful
radio dcvices, among the best known of
which is the Indestructo Vacuum Tube.

  He had established at his Beacon
Street residence one of the best
equipped radio laboratories in the city.

  His most recent experiment, accord-
ing to professional friends, had been
with television.
10

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

     Mr. Cabot substituted two circuits
  for the usual television circuit, one
  controlling the vertical lines of his
  sending and receiving screens, and the
  other the horizontal, thus enabling him
  to enlarge his screen considerably, and
  also to present a continuous picture in-
  stead of one made up of dots. The
  effect of perspective he obtained by
  adding a third circuit.

     The details of this invention had not
   been given out by Mr. Cabot prior to
   his disappearance.

     His nearest relatives are cousins.

  The last was a particularly gentle touch,
it seemed to me. Well, his cousins hadn’t
yet inherited his property, although they
had tried mighty hard; and perhaps this
mysterious message from the void would
prevent them from ever doing so. I hoped
that this would be the case, for I liked
Myles, and had never liked those cousins
of his.

  Myles had been a classmate of mine
at Harvard, though later our paths drifted
apart, his leading into Back Bay society
and radio, and mine leading into the quiet
pastoral life of a farm on Chappaquiddick
Island off the coast of Massachusetts. I
had heard little of him until I read the
shocking account of his sudden disappear-
ance.

  The police had turned up no further
clues, and the matter had quickly faded
from the public sight. I had kept the Post
clipping as a memento of my old college
chum.

  I was anxious to learn what had become
of him these four years past. So I opened
the manuscript and proceeded to read
aloud.

  In the following chapters I shall give the
story contained in that manuscript—a
story so weird, and yet so convincingly
simple, that it cannot fail to interest all
those who knew Myles Cabot. It com-
pletely clears up the mystery surrounding
his disappearance. Of course, there will
be some who will refuse to believe that
this story is the truth. But those of his
classmates and friends who knew him well
will find herein unmistakable internal evi-
dence of Myles Cabot’s hand in this nar-

rative conveyed to me in the golden heart

of a meteorite.

CHAPTER II

STRANDED IN SPACE

HUS wrote Myles Cabot:

My chief line of work, since graduat-
ing from Harvard, was on the subject of
television. By simultaneously using three
sending sets and three receiving sets, each
corresponding to one of the three dimen-
sions, any ola^pct which I placed within
the framework of my transmitter could
be seen within the framework of my re-
ceiver, just as though it stood there itself.

   All that prevented the object from actu-
ally being made to stand there was the
quite sufficient fact that no one had yet,
so far as I was then aware, invented a
means for dissolving matter into its well-
known radiations, and then converting
these radiations back into matter again.

   But at just this time, by a remarkable
coincidence, there came into my hands a
copy of an unpublished paper on tnis sub-
ject by Rene Flambeau.

   The prior experiments of De Gersdorff
are well known; he had succeeded by means
of radio waves, in isolating and dis-
tinguishing the electro-magnetic constitu-
ents of all the different chemical elements.
Flambeau went one step further, and was
able to transmit small formless quantities
of matter itself, although for some reason
certain metals, but not their salts, appeared
to absorb the electrical energy employed
by him, and thus be immune to transpor-
tation.

   As I could already transmit a three-
dimensional picture of an object, and as
' Flambeau had been able to transmit form-
less matter, then by combining our devices
in a single apparatus I found I could
transmit physical objects unchanged in
form.

  But this apparatus produced one un-
expected phenomenon—namely, that when-
ever I employed excessive power my send-
ing set would transmit objects placed
slightly outside its normal range, and cer-
THE RADIO MAN

11

tain small quantities thereof would turn
up in other portions of my laboratory than
within my receiving set.

  To test this phenomenon further, I se-
cured some high voltage equipment and
arranged with the Edison Company for its
use.

  On the afternoon when the installation
was completed, I started to place a small
blue china vase in position to send it.
Something must have become short-
circuited, for there came a blinding flash,
and I knew no more.

HOW long the unconsciousness lasted,
I have no means of telling. I was
a long time regaining my senses, but when
I had finally and fully recovered I found
myself lying on a, sandy beach, beside a
calm and placid lake, and holding in my
hand the small blue vase.

  The atmosphere was warm, moist and
fragrant, like that of a hothouse, and the
lap-lapping of the waves gave forth such
a pleasing musical sound that I lay where
I was and dozed off and on, even after
I had recovered consciousness.

  I seemed to sense, rather than really
to see, my surroundings. The sand was
very white. The sky was completely over-
clouded at a far height, and yet the clouds
shone with such a silvery radiance that
the day was as bright as any which I had
ever seen with full sunlight on earth, but
with a difference, for here the light diffused
from all quarters, giving the shadowless
effect which one always notes in a pho-
tographer’s studio.

  To my right lay the lake, reflecting the
silvery color of the sky. Before me
stretched the beach, unbroken save for an
occasional piece of driftwood. To my left
was the upland, covered with a thicket of
what at first appeared to be dead trees,
but on closer scrutiny were seen to be
some gigantic species of the well-known
branched gray lichen with red tips, which
I used to find on rocks and sticks in the
woods as a child.

  No birds were flying overhead, I suppose
because there were no birds to fly. I fell

to wondering, vaguely and pleasantly,
where I was and how I got there; but
for the moment I remained a victim of
complete amnesia.

  Suddenly, however, my ears were jarred
by a familiar sound. At once my senses
cleared and I listened intently to the dis-
tant purring of a motor. Yes, there could
be no mistake—an airplane was approach-
ing. Now I could see it, a speck in the
sky, far down the beach.

  Nearer and nearer it came.

  I sprang to my feet, and to my intense
surprise found that the effort threw me
quite a distance into the air. Instantly the
thought flashed through my mind: “I must
be on Mars!” But no, for my weight was
not nearly enough lighter than my earthly
weight to justify such a conclusion.

  For some reason my belt buckle and
most of the buttons which held my clothes
together were missing, so that my cloth-
ing came to pieces as I arose, and I had
to shed it rapidly in order to avoid im-
peding my movements. I wondered at the
cause of this.

  But my speculations were cut short by
the alighting of the airplane a hundred
yards down the beach. It seemed to land
vertically, rather than run along the
ground, but I could not be sure at that
distance. What was my horror when out of
it clambered not men but ants! Ants, six-
footed and six feet high. Huge ants, four
of them, running toward me over the
glistening sands.

  Gone was all my languor as I seized a
piece of driftwood and prepared to defend
myself as well as I could. The increase in
my jumping ability, although slight,
coupled with an added buoyancy, enabled
me to prolong the unequal encounter.

  The ants came slowly forward, four
abreast, like a cavalry formation, while
I awaited their onslaught, grasping the
stick of driftwood firmly in my hand.
When nearly upon me they executed right-
by-troopers and started circling in an ever-
narrowing circle.

  Suddenly the ants wheeled and con-
verged from all four points of the compass,
12

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

clicking their mandibles savagely as they
came. The whole movement had been exe-
cuted with uncanny precision, without a
single word of communication between
the strange black creatures; in fact, with-
out a single sound except the clicking of
their mandibles and a slight rattling of
their joints. How like a naval attack by
a fleet of old-fashioned Ford cars, I
thought.

  When within about ten feet of me, they
made a concerted rush; but I leaped to
one side, at the same time giving one of
my antagonists a crack with my club as
they crashed together in the center. This
denouement seemed to confuse them, for
they slowly extricated themselves from
their tangle and withdrew for a short dis-
tance, where they again formed and stood
glaring at me for a few minutes, clicking
their jaws angrily.

  Then they rushed again, this time in
close formation, but again I jumped to
one side, dealing another blow with my
club. Whereupon the fighting became dis-
organized, the ants making individual
rushes, and I leaping and whacking as
best I could.

  I scored several dents in the armor of
my opponents, and finally succeeded by a
lucky stroke in beheading one of them. But
at this the other three came on with re-
newed vigor. Although each ant wore some
sort of green weapon slung in a holster
at its side, they fought only with their
mandibles.

   The slight difference in gravity from that
to which I had been accustomed finally
proved my undoing; for, although it in-
creased my agility, it also rendered me
a bit less sure on my feet, and this was
enhanced by the rapid disintegration of
the soles of my shoes. The result was that
at last I slipped and fell, and was immedi-
ately set upon and pinned down by my
enemies. One of the ants at once deliber-
ately nipped me in the side with his huge
mandibles. An excruciating pain shot
through my entire body; and then, for
the second time that day, I lost conscious-
ness.

WHEN I came to, I found myself
lying in the cockpit of an airplane,
speeding through the sky. One of my ant
captors was standing on a slight incline
at the bow of the ship, operating the con-
trol levers with his front feet; and the
other two were watching the scenery. The
dead ant was nowhere to be seen. No one
was paying any attention to me.

  I was not bound, and yet I was unable
to move. My senses were unusually keen,
and yet my body was completely para-
lyzed. I had no idea as to what sort of
country we were flying over, for I could not
raise my head above the edge of the cock-
pit. I didn’t know where I was going, but
I certainly was on my way all right. And
not so all right, at that.

  Overhead was the same silvery glare,
without a patch of blue sky. No sound
came from my sinister, indifferent captors.
The only noise was the throbbing of the
motors.

  As to the time of day, or how long
I had been on board, I had no idea; and
what was more, I didn’t particularly care.
Rather a pleasant sort of a jag, if it were
not for the intense pain of lickering-up..

  After a while the pleasant sensation wore
off, and my throat began to feel dry. I tried
to call to the ants, but of course could
not, because of the paralysis; and finally
desisted even the attempt when I remem-
bered that the ants were speechless and
hence probably unable to hear.

  By a coincidence, however, one of the
creatures seemed to sense my needs, and
brought me some water in a bowl, gently
holding up my head with one of his fore-
paws so that I could drink. This action
touched my heart, and also filled me with
hope that the ants might not turn out
to be such bad captors after all.

  Then I fell to studying them. First of
all, I noticed that each ant carried on the
back of his thorax a line of peculiar white
characters, somewhat like shorthand writ-
ting; and below it several rows of similar
writing, only smaller in size.

  The peculiar green-colored weapon,
slung in a holster on the right-hand side of
THE RADIO MAN

13

each ant, I had already noticed during
the fight. But, apart from the white marks
and the green weapons, my captors were
absolutely naked; and so far as I could see
they were exactly like the ordinary black
ants to which I had been accustomed on
earth, only of course magnified to an
enormous size.

  I studied the faces which the ants now
occasionally turned toward me. These faces
were sinister and terrifying. They recalled
to my memory the fright which I had once
had when, as a child, I attended an ento-
mological movie and was suddenly con-
fronted with a close-up of the head of some
common insect.

  But the ant who had brought me the
water had a human look which relieved him
of much of his terrible grimness. In fact,
he struck me as vaguely familiar. Ah! Now
I had it! A certain stolidity of movement,
amounting almost to a mannerism, re-
minded me of one of my Harvard class-
mates, a homely, good-hearted boy whom
we had all known by the nickname of
“Doggo.” And so, from then on, I in-
stinctively thought of that particular ant
as named Doggo.

  Then, for the first time, it struck me
as strange that these ants, instead of scut-
tling aimlessly over the ground, or having
wings of their own to fly with, as in the
mating season on earth, were utilizing a
carefully and scientifically built airplane,
apparently of their own make. And it
struck me as even more strange that I had
not wondered about this before.

  But then the events of that day had oc-
curred with such startling rapidity—from
the flash in my Beacon Street laboratory,
through my awakening beside that strange
lake, the approach of the airplane, my fight
with the ants, and my second lapse from
consciousness, down to my present predica-
ment—that I was to be excused for not
considering any particular phase of my
adventures as being more extraordinary
than any other.

  Now, however, that I had had time to
draw my breath and collect my thoughts,
it dawned on me with more and more

force that here I was, apparently on some
strange planet of which the ruling race,
apparently of human or superhuman in-
telligence, were not men. And they were
not even some other mammal, but were in-
sects—ants, to be more specific. For all
that I knew, I was the only mammal—or
perhaps even vertebrate—on this entire
planet.

  Then I remembered a remark by Pro-
fessor Parker in Zoology I in my freshman
year at Harvard: “The two peaks of de-
velopment, in the chain of evolution from
the amoeba upward, are the order of hy-
menoptera (bees, wasps and ants) among
insects, and the order of primates (men
and monkeys) among mammals. In any
other world it is probable that evolution
would produce a ruling race, in much the
same way that man has been produced
upon the earth; and it is a toss-up whether
this mling race would develop along the *
lines of the hymenoptera, or in a form
similar to the mammals; but one or the
other seems inevitable.”

  “Well,” said I to myself, “old Parker
is certainly vindicated, at least with respect
to one planet.”

  Thus I mused, as the airplane sped
along. Then the purr of the motors lulled
me to sleep, and for the third time that
day I became unconscious.

WHEN I awoke the sky was losing its
luminous silver quality. On one side
it was faintly pink, and on the other the
silver color merged into a duller gray. The
airship still sped along.

  Doggo brought me another bowl of
water, and I found, to my joy, that I
could now iift my head enough to drink
without any further assistance than to
have Doggo hold the bowl. At this sign
of recovery, one of the other ants ad-
vanced menacingly as if to bite me again.
But Doggo jumped between us, and after
much snapping of mandibles and quivering
of antenna by both, the other ant de-
sisted.

  This event decided me that Doggo was
a friend worth cultivating, but I was at
14

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

a loss how to make advances which would
be understood. Finally, however, I de-
termined to attempt stroking the huge
ant in a way which I had found to be
very effective in making friends with ani-
mals.

  Accordingly, when Doggo came near
enough, by a great effort I overcame my
paralysis sufficiently to reach up and touch
him on the side of his head just behind
one of his great jaws. Apparently this
pleased the ant, for he submitted to the
caress, and finally lifted me to a sitting
position, so that the patting could be con-
tinued with greater ease.

  I later learned that this patting, to
which I had resorted purely by accident,
is a universal custom of this planet, corre-
sponding to shaking hands on earth, and
signifying greetings, friendship, farewell,
bargain binding, and the like.

  The other ant man occasionally would
advance menacingly toward me with his
head lowered, but each time Doggo would
step between us, lower his own head and
agitate his antenna, at which the other
would desist. I nicknamed the other Satan,
because of his diabolical actions.

  In my new sitting position I was now
able to see over the side of the airship.
We were passing above gray woods, with
occasional silver-green fields, in which were
grazing some sort of pale green animals,
too far below to be easily distinguishable.
Through the woods and fields ran what
appeared to be roads, but as nothing was
moving on them, I could not tell for sure.

  Suddenly my attention was distracted
from the view by the frantic action of the
ant man who was steering the ship. He
seemed to be having difficulty with his
controls. And then, so quickly that it gave
us no warning, the ship reared up in the
air and made a complete loop. That is,

I merely suppose it made a complete one,
for when the loop was half done, I dropped
out and fell like a plummet through the
air.

  I remember a momentary exultation at
being free from my captors, and a certain
spiteful joy at the thought that’l should

undoubtedly be dashed to pieces and thus
rob them of their prey. Then I had just
begun to wonder whether I shouldn’t pre-
fer captivity to death, when I struck- -

  And was not dashed to pieces.

   I still lived, for I had been thrown slant-
wise into a net of some sort, and was how
swaying gently back and forth like a slow-
ing pendulum. Hooray! I was both fref
and safe.

   But my joy was short lived, for I soon
discovered that the fine silken strands
of the net were covered with a substance
like sticky fly paper, which held me firmly.
The more I struggled, the more I drew
other strands of the net toward me to en-
tangle me. At last I paused for breath,
and then the truth dawned on me: I was
caught in a gigantic spider web! And,
sure enough, there came the spider toward
me from one corner of the web.

   He wasn’t a very large spider. That is
to say, judging by the size of my previous
captors, I should have expected that the
spiders of this world would be as big as the
Eifel Tower. He was quite large enough,
however, having a body about the size
of my own, and legs fully ten feet long.
I call him a “spider,” for that is the earth
word which comes closest to describing
him.

   With great assiduity he began wrapping
me up into a cocoon, a process which he
seemed to enjoy much more than I. But
it did me no good to struggle, for any
part of me which showed any indications
of moving was immediately pinioned with
a fresh strand of rope.

   At last the job was finished, and I was
completely enveloped with a layer of thick,
coarse, sticky silk cloth, translucent, but
not transparent.

CHAPTER III

OUT OF THE FRYING PAN

WHEN I had dropped from the air-
plane into the spider web, the time
had been nearly evening. All night, off and
on, I struggled, but to no avail. Finally,
shortly after daylight, something startled
THE RADIO MAN

15

me by falling—plop—into the net close
beside me. Another victim, thought I. Well,
at least I should have company.

  But this other creature was not any more
inclined to take its captivity calmly than I
had been. It thrashed and struggled vio-
lently, until finally it tore a rent in the
upper end of my shroud, so that I could
see out.

  My companion in misery was an orange-
and-black-striped bee about the size of a
horse. He was buzzing frantically and
slashing about with his sting, while the
spider hopped around him with great
agility, dodging the thrusts of the sting,
and applying a strand of silk here and
there, whenever an opportunity offered.
Thus gradually the bee’s freedom of mo-
tion became less and less, as strand after
strand were added to his bonds.

  But the spider, getting bolder as his
captive’s struggles diminished, finally mis-
judged one thrust; and the imprisoned bee,
putting all his effort into the stroke, drove
his sting home. The spider toppled from
the web, and the fight was unexpectedly
at an end.

  And now the bee and I were free, if
we only could get free. Of the two of us,
I had the easier task, for my cocoon had
dried during the night and was now no
longer sticky. But it was still very tough.

  Slowly, inch by inch, biting, clawing,
tearing, I gradually enlarged the hole near
my head, until finally I was able to step
out and jump to the ground, which was
about ten feet away, a drop equivalent
to a little less than eight feet on the earth;
not much difference, it is true, but every
little bit helped.

  I now decided to assist my rescuer, the
bee, to escape. A rash decision, one would
say, and yet the bee seemed to realize that
I was helping him, for not once did he
strike at me. Picking up a tree branch,
I hacked at the cords which bound him,
until finally he was able to fly away, trail-
ing a large section of the web after him.

  As he left, I noticed that one fif his
hind legs was gone from the knee down,
and that he bore a peculiar scarlike mark

on the under side of his abdomen. I should
know him, if ever I were to meet him

again.

  The web had been stretched between
two large gray leafless trees of the sort
I had observed near the beach, but with-
out the red tips to the branches. Near by
was a wood of similar but slightly smaller
trees, bordering on a field of thickly matted
silver-green grass, very similar to earth
grass, except in color. In this field were
grazing a herd of pale green insects a little
larger than sheep with long trailing an-
tenna.

  These creatures swayed from side to
side, lifting first one foot after another as
they munched the matted grass. On the
sides of some of them clung one or more
bright red parasites, resembling lobsters in
size and appearance; but their green hosts
did not seem to mind or even notice them.
Nor did they notice me, for that matter,
as I passed between them across the field.

  On the further side of the field was a
road, built of concrete, resembling in every
way such concrete roads as we have on
the earth; and along it I set out, whither
I knew not.

  Now, I had had nothing to eat since
I found myself on the sandy beach the
previous morning. Also I had fought two
battles on an empty stomach. The day was
hot and moist, my feet were bare—as was
the rest of me—and I felt discouraged and
depressed. Still, I trudged along.

  “Can it be true,” said I, '“that only
yesterday I rejoiced at freedom from the
ant men?”

  Now I was alone and lost—lost on a
strange planet. Oh, how I longed for the
sight of my late captors. Better even cap-
tivity than this!

  For a while the road ran between silver-
green fields; then entered a wood. On the
gaunt gray trees hung a tangle of tropical
vines, and between the trees grew some
kind of small shrub with large heart-shaped
leaves, on each leaf of which there sat
motionless one or more purple grasshop-
pers about four inches in length.

  In the distance I occasionally caught
16

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

sight of some strange sort of bird—as I
thought—flitting in tandem pairs from
tree to tree. A multitude of tiny lizards,
resembling miniature kangaroos, hopped
about on the concrete and by the side of
the road.

FOR a while the strange fauna and
flora stimulated my curiosity and kept
my mind off my troubles; but then I rap-
idly lost interest in everything. My stom-
ach gnawed. My knees wabbled. My mind
began to cloud. And from that time on,
I wandered as in a dream, for I know
not how many hours.

  I vaguely remember falling on the road-
way, and then crawling along for a while.
Silly thoughts obsessed my brain, such as
wondering whether my tail light was lit,
and what made the weather so foggy.
Finally I collapsed utterly, and had just
strength enough to drag myself off the
concrete lest I be run over by some pass-
ing car.

  As I lay there in the bushes by the
side of the road, there came to my nostrils
a smell which partially revived me—a smell
seemingly of griddle cakes and maple
syrup. Opening my eyes again and follow-
ing my nose, I discovered that this pleas-
ant odor emanated from a large bowl-
shaped leaf only a few feet away.

  Upon dragging myself toward it, I dis-
covered that in the bottom of the bowl
there was a brown mass, looking very much

like a stack of wheats, covered with some
sticky substance. But unfortunately this
delectable dish was quite obscured by little
hopping lizards, now much bemired and
hopping no more.

  So I reached out my hand to brush them
away, and instantly the leaf closed upon
my arm like a steel trap.

  My brain cleared at once, and I began
a frantic struggle to extricate my hand;
but it was too late, for with a gentle mas-
saging motion the plant commenced to
swallow my arm.

  Inch by inch my arm descended into
that rapacious maw. It was the steady
slowness of the procedure that was so
nerve-wracking, for without a pause my
arm disappeared at a rate of about an
inch a minute.

  I braced my feet against the plant and
pulled, but this cut off the circulation in
my arm. Then I wiggled my fingers rap-
idly so as to keep my hand from going
to sleep, whereupon the plant swallowed
all the faster. Some ants stood watching.

  The mouth of the plant had closed very
much like a clam shell, so, just before my
shoulder disappeared, I braced my body
crosswise of the jaws, in the hope that
this maneuver would prevent the swallow-
ing process from proceeding any further.

  But the plant merely opened its flexible
lips, and closed them the other way, tak-
ing a firm grip on my chest, and just miss-
ing getting hold of my right ear. I craned

Kidneys Must Remove
              Excess Acids

       Help 15 Miles of Kidney Tubes Flush Out Poisonous Waste

If you have an excess of acids in your blood,	aches and dizziness. Frequent or scanty pas-

your 15 miles of kidney tubes may be over-	sages with smarting and burning sometimes

worked. These tiny filters and tubes are work-	shows there is something wrong with your kid-

ing day and night to help Nature rid your sys-	neys or bladder.

tem of excess acids and poisonous waste.	Kidneys may need help the same as bowels,

When disorder of kidney function permits	so ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used

poisonous matter to remain in your blood, it	successfully by millions for over 40 years. They

may cause nagging backache, rheumatic pains,	give happy relief and will help the 15 miles of
leg pains, loss of pep and energy, getting up kidney tubes flush out poisonous waste from

nights, swelling, puffiness under the eyes, head- your blood. Get Doan's Pills.	(ADV ,
THE RADIO MAN

17

my neck as far as I could to the left, and
shrieked aloud with terror.

  Was it for this that I had escaped the
ant men and the spider—to be eaten
alive by a plant?

  The soft jaws now fastened on the back
of my head and began gently drawing
that in, too. At last only my nose was
free. In a minute that, too, would be en-
veloped, then strangulation and death.

  At this moment something fell upon me,
and I felt the plant quiver and shake. The
swallowing ceased. Then the soft lips were
torn away from one side of my head, and
I heard a familiar rattling sound.

  A few seconds later the plant went limp,
releasing my arm, and I lay upon my
back, free once more, gazing upward into
the eyes of my old friend and captor.

  “Doggo, Doggo!”-I cried with joy, but
he did not seem to hear me. Nevertheless
he picked me up gently in his mandibles
and trotted off with me down the road.

  Alter about a quarter of a mile, we
turned aside into a field, and there was
Satan, the other ant man, standing beside
a crumpled airship and the dead body
of its pilot. Satan did not seem overjoyed
to see me, but Doggo rummaged through
the wreckage and finally produced a bowl,
into which he put water and some medi-
cine, which revived me greatly. Then he
laid me on a pile of grass, covered me with
leaves, and stood guard over me as the
pink twilight deepened and the night fell.

  As it began to grow dark I could hear
an occasional tinkle like the sound of a
Japanese wind bell, first on one side and
then on another. This music gradually in-
creased, until it assumed the volume of
a fairy orchestra. I had never heard such
dainty, bewitching tunefulness in my entire
life. Many weeks later I learned that this
was the song of the large purple grass-
hoppers I had seen; but even the knowl-
edge of its source has never robbed the
sound of its sweet mystery for me.

  The fading silver radiance of the sky
shed a moonlike light over all below. A
faint breeze sprang up, gently fanning
the moist, fragrant, hot-house air against

my cheeks. The foliage around us waved
like a sea of silver grain. And the tune
of that elfin melody quickly lulled me into
a soft and dreamless sleep, secure in the
confidence that a faithful friend was watch-
ing near.

THE next morning I was awakened by
Doggo stripping off my leafy coverlet.
Satan was not to be seen, but grazing near
us were some more of those peculiar large
green insects, with long trailing antenna,
which I had seen in my flight from the
spider web.

  As I sat up, Doggo presented me with
a bowl of pale green liquid. But I was
at a loss to know what to do with it. Was
I supposed to wash in it, or to drink it,
or to rub it in my hair?

   My friend solved the question by lift-
ing it to my mouth. So I drank, and found
the taste to be sweetish and agreeable.

  All morning we stayed by the wrecked
machine, apparently waiting for something.
Satan did not show up. Around noon,
Doggo took the bowl and approached one
of the green beasts grazing near. I followed
with interest.

  Two horns projected upwardly from the
tail of the beast, one of which Doggo pro-
ceeded to stroke with his paw; and to my
surprise, a green liquid spouted from the
animal, quickly filling the bowl. So that
is where my breakfast had come from!
Green milk from green cows! Strange!
And yet how much more logical than on
earth, where a red cow eats green grass
under a blue sky, and produces white
milk, from which we get yellow butter.

   Shortly after lunch I heard the hum of
a motor, and presently Satan landed near
us with a new plane. This strange plane
of the ant men stopped abruptly, hov-
ered for a moment, and then settled just
where it was.

  Doggo carried me aboard, and we
started, Satan at the levers and Doggo
standing guard over me. But whether this
was to protect me from Satan, or to keep
me from falling out again, I could not
say.
18

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

    We cruised along for several hours over
 much the same sort of country as I had
 seen before, except that we crossed several
 rivers, and once a small lake.

    At last the ship hovered and landed on
 top of what seemed to be a helter-skelter
 pile of exaggerated toy building blocks, ex-
 actly in keeping with the size of the ants.
 As far as eye could see on all sides, these
 blocks were heaped. They were apparently
 of concrete, and resembled a group of
 Pueblo Indian dwellings.

   Doggo and the fierce ant man whom I
 called Satan now picked me up in their
 jaws, the former gently and the latter not
 so gently, and carried me out of the air-
 plane and down an inclined runway into
 - the interior of the edifice. The passage was
 long, narrow, dark and winding, but pres-
 ently we emerged into a room about thirty
 feet square by ten feet high, lighted by
 narrow windows opening toward the west-
 ern sky. That is, I call it “western.” for
 it was in this direction that the sky turned
 pink at eventide.

   In this room I was laid on the floor.
 The unpleasant ant man departed, and
 Doggo placed himself on guard in the
 doorway.

    Presently two strange ant men entered,
 carrying a couch, which they set down in
 one corner of the room. Then they walked
 several times around me, viewing me from
 all sides with evident interest, until, at
 a stiffening and quivering of Doggo’s an-
 tenna, they hurriedly left the room. I
 noticed that Doggo no longer carried the
 green weapon, which seemed strange, as
 he was very evidently on guard.

   Then I fell to wondering about the
 couch. It was a simple affair, and yet quite
 evidently intended for a bed. Upholstered
 with some kind of dark blue cloth, at that!

   “What need have ants of a bed?” mused
 I. “Certainly they cannot lie down; and,
 even if they could, such a couch as this
 would be of little use to one of them, for
 this is only a man-size couch, whereas these
 ants are about ten feet in length!”

   My perplexity was tinged with a hope
 that there might be human beings here.

  My perplexity and my hope were both
increased by the return of one of the ants
wha. had brought the couch, this time
bearing a sleeveless shirt or toga of white
matted material, like very thin silk felt,
reaching about to my knees, with a Grecian
wave design in light blue around the bot-
tom edge and around the neck and arm-
holes. But what increased my perplexity
still further, and at the same time de-
stroyed most of my hope, was the presence
of two vertical slits, with the same blue
trimming, in the upper part of the back.

  The two ant man watched with great
interest while I put this toga on, and were
evidently pleased to find that I knew how
to do so. The messenger ant then with-
drew. and presently returned with a bowl
of green milk, which I drank as usual.

   By this time it had become quite dark
outside, but the room still remained light,
due to two long glass bulbs, set in the
ceiling, and containing some sort of in-
candescent substance. At that time I little
guessed what a part those bulbs would
come to play in my life! They resembled
mercury vapor lamps; except that, in-
stead of shining with a marked purple or
green light, they gave forth a radiance
indistinguishable from daylight, doubtless
due to the substitution of some other gas
for mercury vapor.

   These lamps showed that the inhabitants
of this planet were well advanced in elec-
trical engineering. Was it not strange,
then, that they had not developed radio
and communicated with the earth? And
yet not so strange, either, when one con-
siders that they had no sense of hearing.

  Dismissing these thoughts from my
mind. I lay down on the couch. Then
Doggo was relieved as sentinel by a new
ant man, who carefully and inquisitively
inspected me, but from a safe distance.
This guard, too, was without any green
weapon.

   Finally the two lights went out, and I
slept, my last thoughts being to wonder
what was in store for me, and what was
the significance of the couch and the
strange blue-and-white article of clothing.
THE RADIO MAN

19

CHAPTER IV

  GO TO THE ANT, THOU SLUGGARD

AS I slowly awakened the next morn-
ing, I vaguely remembered a terrible
nightmare of the night before.

  But no, it was no dream, for I opened
my eyes upon the same plain concrete
room with its slit windows. I was lying
on the same couch. The same strange ant
man was standing guard at the door. Dur-
ing the night some one had placed over
me a blanket of some sort of light fleecy
wool felt.

  As I lay in bed I studied the walls of
the room and noticed, what I had not
seen before, three dials sunk in the opposite
wall close to the ceiling. Each dial had
twelve numbers or letters around the edge,
and also a single pointer. The pointer of
the right dial was slowly revolving left-
handedly; the pointer of the middle dial
was turning even more slowly; while that
of the left dial appeared motionless. Ab-
sent-mindedly I started to time the right-
hand pointer.

  “One chimpanzee. Two chimpanzee.
Three chimpanzee,” I counted in sing-
song; that being a formula which I had
been taught as a child, to count the time
between a lightning flash and the result-
ing thunder, in order to estimate the dis-
tance of the stroke.

  For, if carefully done, each chimpanzee
equaled one second of time, and each sec-
ond meant one quarter-mile of distance.
Of course the real object of the game was
to distract the child’s mind from his fear
of the lightning.

  I now found that it took about fifty
chimpanzees for the right pointer to move
one of the twelve graduations. This fact
I verified by several trials.

  I fell to wondering what the device was
for.

  It looked and acted like a gas meter
or electric meter.

  Then I dismissed the meter from my
mind, and considered my predicament.
For some reason I thought of my "father,
Alden Cabot, now many years dead. The

old man had been a stern puritanical char-
acter, abhorring sloth and frivolity.

  How often had I heard him rebuke
some act of laziness with his favorite Bibli-
cal quotation: “Go to the ant, thou slug-
gard; consider her ways and be wise.”

  “Wouldn’t father be pleased,” thought
I, “for I have certainly gone to the ant,
all right! But the big question now is how
to get away from them.”

  By this time the sentinel noticed that
I was awake, and immediately brought me
my breakfast, consisting of a bowl of the
sweet green liquid, and a bowl of dark
reddish-brown paste, about the consistency
of mashed beans, and having a rich flavor
not unlike beef gravy.

  After breakfast Doggo took his turn as
guard. I patted his head, and then went
over to the windows to see the view, if
any.

  The windows overlooked a courtyard
completely enclosed by piled-up Pueblo
buildings. In the yard was a fountain, sur-
rounded by beds of plants quite unlike
any that I had ever seen before. The pre-
vailing color of the foliage was gray and
silver green. Many of the twigs bore knobs
of red or purple, and a few of the plants
had brilliantly colored blue and yellow
flowers somewhat similar to those of
dandelions.

  For a long time I aimlessly gazed upon
this beautiful garden. The warm, moist,
fragrant atmosphere was not conducive
to lurry or to excitement. But finally even
the beauties of the view palled upon me,
and I returned to the blue couch.

  Just then Doggo ushered into the room
with great deference, four ant men slightly
smaller than himself, but more refined
looking than he, if one can appreciate such
differences among ants. That is, they were
more slender and delicate, like machines
built for precision rather than for strength.

  They evidently were a bit afraid of me.
for after eying me furtively from the door
they appeared to confer with Doggo,
though not an audible word passed be-
tween them. To assure them that I was
perfectly harmless, Doggo walked over
20

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

to me and permitted himself to be patted;
after which the committee drew near and
inspected me carefully, agitating their an-
tenna at each newly discovered peculiarity.

  They appeared chiefly perplexed by my
forehead and my back, to examine which,
they lifted up my toga. They counted my
fingers several times, and then counted
my toes.

  But the thing about me which amazed
them the most was my ears. These they
studied for a long time, with much in-
audible consultation, as I judged by the
motions of their antenna.

  Finally they took their departure, and
Doggo came to me bristling with excite-
ment, and apparently having much im-
portant information to impart; but, alas,
he did not know my language, and he had
no language at all. I patted him again,
but this time it did not soothe him, for
he broke away from me impatiently and
returned to his station by the door.

LEFT to myself, I fell to studying the
meter again, watching the counter-
clockwise rotation of its hands. Even the
left pointer had moved a bit since early
morning.

  Now I noticed, what I might have sur-
mised on the analogy of an earthly gas
meter, that each graduation of the central
dial represented one complete revolution
of the pointer on its right; and this prin-
ciple presumably extended to the dial on
its left. Then I counted chimpanzees again,
and found that the right hand pointer was
still rotating counterclockwise at the rate
of about fifty chimpanzees per graduation.
Counterc/oc&wise! Why, perhaps this ma-
chine was a clockI

  I made a hasty mental calculation: "One
graduation equals fifty seconds. Twelve
graduations—one complete rotation—equal
six hundred seconds—ten minutes. Thus
one graduation of the middle dial repre-
sents ten minutes, and its complete circuit,
represents two hours. By the same token,
a complete circuit of the left dial would
represent twenty-four hours—one day!”

  My guess was apparently correct.

   At that time it did not occur to me as
strange that a day on this planet should
be twenty-four hours as on earth.

   The figure to the left of the top of each
dial was a single horizontal line, presum-
ably standing for unity; for a single line,
either horizontal or vertical, is the almost
universal symbol for unity.

   ‘‘Then,” said I, “the next figure must
be two, the next figure three, and so
on around to twelve. Eureka! I can now
count up to twelve with these creatures;
thus establishing, in writing at least, the
beginning of a possible basis of communi-
cation.”

  Eager to test my newfound knowledge,
I beckoned to Doggo. He came to my side.

   Scratching the ant figure five upon the
floor with a small pebble which I found
in a corner—for I could not reach the dials
to point to their figures—I held up five
fingers. The effect was electrical. Greatly
excited, Doggo rushed to the door. But,
pausing on the threshold, he returned; held
up three legs, looking at me almost be-
seechingly, as I thought; and, when I
wrote an ant figure three on the floor, his
joy knew no bounds. He patted me on the
side of my head for a moment, to show
his appreciation, and then rushed once
more from the room.

   And now, for the first time, I was left
unguarded, but I had no thought of
escape; in the first place, because it would
be unfair to my friend; and in the sec-
ond, because escape merely from the room
would be useless.

   Presently Doggo returned with the com-
mittee of four, and put me through my
paces. He would hold up a certain num-
ber of legs, and I would scratch the cor-
responding character upon the pavement.
Finally, as a crowning stunt, I wrote down
five and six, pointed to them, and then
wrote down eleven. The committee were
much impressed.

   Then Doggo had me put on and take ofl
my toga for them. Evidently he was try-
ing to convince them I was a reasoning
human being like themselves, though what
the disrobing performance had to do with
THE RADIO MAN

21

it I could not see for the life of me.

  At last the committee left, and after
that a very nice luncheon was served;
more green milk, some baked cakes and
honey. Real, honest to goodness honey, like
we have on earth! You can’t appreciate
how these little touches of similarity to
good old terra firma appealed to me,
thoroughly homesick after three whole
days’ absence.

  After luncheon, Doggo brought me a
pad of paper and a pointed stick like a
skewer, with its tip incased in some lead-
like metal. This stick could thus be used
as a pencil. He himself was similarly
equipped, except that his pencil had a
strap for attachment to his left front claw.
The difference between the two pencils
attracted my attention and excited my
wonder, but I could hot account for it.

   Instruction began at once. I would point
to some object; Doggo would make marks
on his pad; and then I would copy them
on mine, adding the name in English.
These additions puzzled and annoyed my
instructor; but I persisted, for otherwise
I might early forget the meaning of his
scratch marks.

  When a vocabulary of about twenty con-
crete nouns had been accumulated, Doggo
took away my sheet, and then pointed to
the articles in turn, while I wrote down
their ant names, as well as I could re-
member them. Fortunately I have a good
visual memory, for I was no more able
to invent sounds for the ant words, than
I would have been able to read aloud a
Chinese laundry ticket.

  After several hours of this absorbing
sport, Doggo produced a book! With rare
presence of mind, I figure that as ant
men wrote with their left hands and had
counterclockwise clocks, their books would
probably begin at the wrong end; so ac-
cordingly I opened at the back. And, sure
enough, the last page was numbered one.
This proof of my intelligence pleased my
instructor greatly.

  On page one was the picture of an ant
man. Under it was printed the word which
Doggo had given me as equivalent to him-

self. Next came the same word, followed
by a strange word. Then these two words
were repeated, followed by two others.

  Reasoning by the analogy of my primary
school days at home, I decided that these
words were: “Ant man. An ant man. This
is an ant man.” But I was wrong, for on
this basis, the next line made no sense;
for, reading from right to left the next
line would be: “An ant man is this.”

  Oh, I had it! “Ant man. The ant man.

I see the ant man. The ant man sees me.”
To test it, I wrote down the word for
“I,” and pointed to myself. Doggo, who
had been watching me intently as I studied
the page, now showed unmistakable signs
of pleasure at this evidence of my intelli-
gence; and, departing, soon returned with
a large, furry, beetlelike creature about
two feet square, called a “buntlote”—so
I learned later—which he set on the floor
before me with every expectation of ex-
treme gratitude on my part. I tried to ap-
pear grateful; but could not figure out
what I was supposed to do with the beast!

  The buntlote, however, had much more
definite views on the subject, for he ambled
over to me and patted me on the side with
one of his front paws. I looked inquir-
ingly at Doggo, who indicated that I was
supposed to feed the buntlote with some
of the remains of my luncheon, which
was still sitting on the couch.

THE buntlote, after satisfying his
hunger, curled up in a corner and went
to sleep, whereupon I returned to my
studies. Evidently ant men kept pets the
same as humans; but whether this bunt-
lote was suppoiid to be a dog, or a cat,
or what, I did not know.

  Doggo then taught me how to write
“buntlote,” and the words for food, mouth,
and eat—my first verb, by the way—and
so on.

  By supper time I was in a position to
carry on a very elementary conversation
with my instructor, but only by pad and
pencil, of course, for not a word or a
sound had I ever heard him utter.

  And since their speech was not articu-
22

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

late, their written language could not, of
course, be phonetic. It must be ideo-
graphic, like the Chinese. The fact that
each word consisted in but a single char-
acter lent color to this surmise.

  And yet I noticed that all of the char-
acters which I had so far learned could
be decomposed into distinguishable parts,
and that there were only about thirty of
these parts in the aggregate. This fact cer-
tainly pointed to a phonetic alphabet of
thirty sounds, for it was inconceivable that
these highly cultivated animals possessed
only thirty ideas. And yet how could an
unspoken language be phonetic? I gave
up the puzzle.

  Supper came, the lights on, and my
buntlote uncurled and ambled over to be
fed. I decided to regard him as a cat,
and so named him Tabby.

  At this meal Doggo joined me, and as
we ate, my attention was again attracted
to the white marks on his back, which to
my surprise I now noticed were exactly
like those on the clock. They must be his
license number: “334-2-18.”

  If the large figures represented his li-
cense number, I thought, what did the
small figures stand for? The license num-
bers of the cars he had run into, perhaps?

I little guessed how near this came to
being the truth.

  That night I went to bed well satisfied
with my progress. But, alas, although
Doggo proved to be an indefatigable
teacher, I did not get on so well during
the succeeding days.

  But I did make progress in one thing,
however; namely, in acquiring a beard.
Although facilities for washing and bath-
ing were provided in a little alcove off my
room, and although a fresh toga was forth-
coming from time to time, yet my captors
did not furnish either a razor or a mirror.
Of course ants have nothing to shave, and
they cannot be blamed for not caring to
look at themselves in the glass. I tried my
best to explain to Doggo what I wanted,
but it was no use.

  If this manuscript is ever discovered,
let the reader try to figure out how to

explain by sign language to a person who
has never seen either a razor or a looking
glass, that you want them.

  When the beard got well under way, the
committee of four were recalled to view it.
They were even more impressed with my
beard than they had been with my ears,
and made frequent visits to take notes on
its growth.

  This convinced me that they had never
before seen any men, or at least any unneat
ones, and so my hope for human compan-
ionship received another blow. Yet if there
were no men on this planet, how account
for the fact that when I drew a sketch
of a table and a chair these were at once
forthcoming, together with a written name
for each?

  Of course all my time was not spent in
lessons. Sometimes I played with Tabby
and sometimes I took long walks. Gradu-
ally I became more of a guest than a
prisoner or even a curiosity, and so I was
given the run of the entire city, which was
built as one large connected house; a verit-
able jumble of rooms, passageways, ramps
and courtyards.

  But this freedom nearly proved my un-
doing.

  One day when I had strolled unusually
far from my own quarters, I met my old
enemy, Satan, in one of the courtyards.
Instinctively I shrunk back, but he gave
every indication of wishing to be friendly,
even to the extent of turning his head on
one side to be patted. Distasteful as the
act was to me, I decided that discretion
was the better part of valor, and so patted
him gingerly.

   Apparently as a reward for this service,
he beckoned me to follow him. And so
I did, through many a winding corridor.
Our way finally led to the outskirts of the
city, to a grating guarded by a sentinel,
whom Satan promptly relieved. When the
old guard had gone, Satan, to my great
surprise, opened the gate and motioned
me to step out.

  This was indeed a favor, for, although
I had been able to get plenty of fresh air
in the courtyard flower gardens and on
THE RADIO MAN

23

the roofs, yet I had felt cramped and re-
strained, and had longed for the freedom
of a run in the open fields. So, patting him
again, to show my gratitude, I rushed out
and turned several handsprings for joy on
the silver sward.

  As I regained my feet, what should I
see to my dismay but a squad of ant men
issuing from the gate and rushing toward
me at full speed, with Satan at their head,
his savage jaws snapping with hate. I
stood astounded for a moment, and then
turned and fled.

  At an earthly speed of running a man
would have little hope of distancing one of
these creatures, but the added buoyancy of
this strange planet gave me a slight ad-
vantage over them, until I had the mis-
fortune to stub my toe on something and
fall. Whereupon the pack closed over me.

  The fall stunned me, and as my brain
darkened, I felt the sharp mandibles of my
enemy fasten upon my throat.

CHAPTER V

A VISION

THE full measure of Satan’s perfidy
was now evident. Under the guise of
pretended friendship he had lured me to
the city gate and had persuaded me to
step outside. Then hastily calling a de-
tachment of the guard, he had informed
them that I had escaped. He had led them
in pursuit of me, and my flight had furn-
ished sufficient verification of his accusa-
tion.

  So now I was entirely in his power. He
was free to kill me without fear of the con-
sequences, for the whole squad would back
up his story that I had fled and that he
had been forced to slay me for the pur-
pose of preventing my escape.

  Why he did not bite me at once and
end my life I do not know. Perhaps he
wished first to gloat over me. At any rate,
after I came out of my daze, he lbosened
his hold on my throat and, planting his
front feet upon my prostrate body, threw
his head aloft, as if singing a pean of vic-
tory, although of course no sound came.

  Then suddenly he sprang away from me
entirely. And now I discovered the mean-
ing and use of the peculiar green weapon
which every ant man carried slung in a
holster at his side when out of doors.
These supposed weapons were nothing
more nor less than green umbrellas which
Satan and the others were now hastily
putting up in very evident terror.

  Sitting up weakly, I tried to figure out
what had so frightened them as to cause
them to desist abruptly from their at-
tack on me. But I could discern nothing
except a patch of sunlight, the very first
I had seen, by the way, since my advent on
the planet. My late antagonists were ap-
parently watching this—to me—very
pleasant sight, with every indication of
extreme fear. Looking above, I saw a
small bit of blue sky.

  The patch of sunlight passed close by
me and proceeded toward a small herd of
green cows who were grazing near by.
And, as it passed among them, the shift-
ing of their feet stopped, and every cow
on whom the light had rested shuddered,
wilted and dropped in evident agony upon
the ground.

  Then I realized that this planet must
be very close to the center of the solar
system, and protected from the intense
heat of the sun only by the dense, silvery
clouds which surround it. I was now
nearly certain, as I had surmised before
from the prevailing silver-gray and the
gravity slightly less than that on earth,
that this must be the planet Venus.

  I was still gazing abstractedly at the
stricken cows in the wake of the solar
heat, when I was rudely called to my
senses by the ant pack closing over me
once more. And once again the mandibles
of Satan fastened on my throat.

  But the best laid plans of mice and men
—and even ant men—gang aft aglee. With
all his clever scheming, Satan had made
one fatal mistake: he had reckoned with-
out the faithful Doggo. As Satan’s jaws
were about to pierce my jugular, again
he dropped me, and stood at attention,
as if in response to a peremptory com-
24

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

mand from a military superior. I looked
up and saw that the rest of the guard were
also standing at attention, while rapidly
approaching us from the city gate came
my old friend, Doggo, with antenna erect
and quivering. Once more he had saved
my life.

  How I regretted the blows which I had
struck him in the fight at the beach on my
first day upon this planet, and how glad
I was that his had not been the head which
I had severed in that spirited encounter.

   Presently, as if in response to another
command, Satan slunk away, and the
squad of ant soldiers returned to the city,
while Doggo came and stood solicitously
at my side. When I had rested sufficiently
I rose to my feet, and together we returned
to my quarters.

   It was time for my lesson, but I was in
no mood for study, so I gloomily pushed
the books and papers to one side and went
and stood by one of the windows, gazing
aimlessly at the beautiful garden below.

   It is always darkest before dawn. As I
stood there at the window, with my spirits
at a low ebb, there came to my eyes a
vision which changed the entire course of
my life.

  For, crossing the courtyard below me,
was what seemed to be a human being 1
Here at last was some one for me to talk
to!

  But was it a human being, after all?
He, or she, or it, stopped just in front
of my window, and began daintily to pluck
a bouquet of flowers, so that I had ample
opportunity to study the creature. It wore
a blue and white toga, similar to the one
which the ant man had furnished me. And
now I saw the reason for the slits in the
back, for through them protruded a pair
of tiny rudimentary butterfly wings of
iridescent pearly hue.

   The complexion of this dainty creature
was a softer pink and white than ever
I had seen on any baby. Its hair was
closely cropped and curly and brilliantly
golden. But the most attractive thing
about it was the graceful way in which
it swayed and pirouetted, as if before a

mirror, though there was no mirror there,
unless in its own imagination. This pirouet-
ting, led me to suppose that the creature
whether human or not, was probably femi-
nine.

   Is there any more beautiful sight in the
world, or in any world for that matter,
than a beautiful girl admiring herself and
preening herself, and acting altogether na-
tural and girlish, when she thinks that she
is alone and unobserved?

  But was this a girl? She was pretty
enough to be an angel, or a fairy, and the
little wings suggested something along
that line.

   But then I began to notice certain other
things about her which puzzled me. In the
first place, she had an extra little finger on
each hand, and six toes on each of her
bare little feet, yet this fact did not in
the least detract from their dainty slimness.
Then, too, there projected from her fore-
head two tiny antenna, such as one sees
on pictures of elves. Also she apparently
had no ears. Anyhow, the lack of ears
was hardly noticeable, though the absence
of the little pink tip just barely showing
below the edge of short hair, did give
a slightly unfinished look to that part of
her head.

   Antenna and wings! This must be either
a fairy, or some new and beautiful kind
of creature.

  She bore such a close resemblance to
a human being, that my lonely spirit was
cheered by the thought that at last there
was a possibility of speech and human
companionship on this planet.

   So intent had I been on drinking in this
vision of beauty below my window that
I had not noticed Doggo approach me and
place himself at my side. I was terribly
fearful lest the girl should go away with-
out my finding out who she was and how
I might see her again. So, forgetting my
manners and even the fact that she was
of an unknown race, I plucked up sufficient
courage to address her.

  “My dear young lady,” began I; but
I got no further, for without noticing me
in the least, she picked up her flowers and
THE RADIO MAN

25

left the courtyard. Then I turned, and
there was Doggo standing beside me. So he,
too, had seen the fairy!

  Seizing my pad and paper I wrote:
What is that?”

  And he replied: “It is a Cupian.”

  “Are there many Cupians?” I wrote.
  “Yes,” he answered.

  “Am I a Cupian?” I asked.

  His answer was: “We do not know. It
puzzles us.”

THAT afternoon I made more progress
with my studies than I had made in
weeks. For now I was no longer fitting
myself merely for a bare existence in an
ant civilization; but rather I was prepar-
ing for communication with—and I hoped,
life among—creatures closely resembling
my own kind.

  The beautiful Cupian was evidently, like
the ant menr devoid of hearing. Apparently
she lived here in the ant city, and so un-
doubtedly understood the ant language.

  But to make sure, I asked Doggo on my
pad: “Do Cupians read and write this
kind of writing?”

  And he answered: “Yes.”

  At this I certainly did tackle my work
with a vim. It was clear now that if I
wished to communicate with her, I must
perfect myself in the written language of
the ants; and so I set myself assiduously
to the task.

  Every day at about the same hour she
came and picked the blue and yellow flow-
ers and the red and purple twig knobs
of the garden below my window. And
every day I sat in the window and watched
her, and racked my brains for some tact-
ful way in which to attract her attention.

  Of course I raised the question with
Doggo, but he kept putting me off by say-
ing, in substance: “It is not yet time.”
This I took to mean that I could not
yet write fluently enough to converse with
her, and so I redoubled my efforts at my
studies.

  So rapid was my progress now_under
the spur of my desire for human compan-
ionship, that within a very few days I was

able to graduate from my primers and
read real books.

  One of the first real books which they
brought me was a history of their world;
and this interested me greatly, as it furn-
ished a setting for the experiences which
shortly were to crowd upon me. The book
confirmed my theory that this world was
the silver planet, Venus.

  Finally I reached a point where my in-
terest was such that I could not wait to
wade further through the voluminous
pages; so, taking my pad and pencil, I
asked Doggo: “Tell me briefly about the
more recent events on Poros.” For so they
called the planet, though of course, I did
not yet know the sound of this word, nor
even whether it had a sound. “Tell me
more particularly about the great war.”

  “Well,” he replied, also in writing, of
course: “A little over five hundred years
ago the entire inhabited part of the planet
Poros, that is to say the continent which
is surrounded by the boiling sea, was di-
vided up into twenty or more warring
kingdoms of Cupians and one small queen-
dom of ant men, namely Formia.

  “The Formians, who were possessed of
all the virtues, became more and more
vexed with the increasing degeneracy of
their neighbors, until, for purely altruistic
reasons, the Formians began a conquest to
extend their culture.

  “When the first convenient excuse of-
fered we declared war on one of the Cupian
nations, which we proceeded to attack
through the territory of a neutral state.”

  “But wasn’t this wrong?” I interjected.

  He admitted: “I suppose that you are
right and that it really was in violation
of all treaties and of the solemn customs
of the planet. But it was all in a noble
cause.

  “The other nations did not have sense
enough,” he continued, “to rally to com-
bat the common menace, and so the For-
mians gradually conquered them one by
one, until at last Formia was mistress of
all Poros.

  “There must have been some very able
statesmen in the Imperial Council at that
26

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

time, judging by the terms imposed by our
conquering nation. We erected a fence,
or ‘pale,’ across the middle of the entire
continent; and all the Cupians, regardless
of their former boundaries, were organized
into a single nation to the north of this
pale. The nation was named Cupia, after
the creatures who composed it, and Kew
the First was made its king.”

  Kew, so I later gathered from the book,
was a renegade Cupian, who had always
greatly admired the conquerors, and had
even gone so far as to assist them in their
conquest.

  “The ant men," Doggo went on, “took
over all the territory to the south of the
pale, and prospered greatly. We were na-
turally a more industrious race than the
sport-loving Cupians, and now had in
addition the services of slaves, for by the
terms of the Treaty of Mooni, every male
Cupian upon coming of age has to labor
for two years in Formia.

  “There have followed nearly five hun-
dred years of peace, a peace of force, it
is true, and yet a peace under which both
countries had enjoyed prosperity; in recog-
nition of which fact the anniversary of the
signing of the treaty is annually cele-
brated throughout the continent.

  “The present reigning monarch of Cupia
is Kew the Twelfth, the first after a long
line of docile kings to give us any trouble
in the enforcement of the treaty, but even
he keeps within the law.

  “The statutes of Cupia are enacted by
a popular Assembly, while those of Formia
are promulgated by an appointive Coun-
cil of Twelve; but the laws of both coun-
tries must receive the approval of the
Queen of Formia.”

  Such were the salient features of the
recent history of Poros.

EVERY day I watched for the fair
Cupian at the appointed hour. I
learned to know her every feature and
every curve of her supple, girlish body. I
noted that her eyes were azure blue. I
noticed the dainty way in which the tip
of her little pink tongue just touched each

edible red twig knob which she placed
between her lips, and many another indi-
vidual. mannerism.

  A great many beautiful girls have I met
in the source of my brief existence. Boston
society need yield the palm to none on this
score. Yet I had gone to all the teas and
dinners and dances perfunctorily, merely
because it was done; and had always re-
garded women as an awful bore.

  How few women are interested in radio
engineering, for instance, or even have a
sympathetic feeling for it!

  But now all was changed, and I didn’t
in the least care whether or not this girl
was interested in radio engineering, or
what she was interested in; provided I
could eventually interest her in me. For
I longed for human companionship.

  Of course on days when tropical thun-
derstorms swept the city, as happened fre-
quently, I did not expect her. But on such
days I missed this, my one contact with
humanity, and felt vaguely uneasy.

  Yet I did not fully realize how much
even these daily visits of hers to my garden
had come to mean to me, until one per-
fectly pleasant day, when the Cupian girl
failed to show up at the expected hour.

  I waited and waited, and fretted and
fretted, but still she did not come. Doggo
was unable to offer any consolation, and
my lessons went very badly.

  The next day the committee of four
made one of their visits of inspection. I
had now progressed far enough in my
mastery of their language so that Doggo
was able to explain to me the reason for
the existence of this committee.

   “These four,” wrote he, “are the profes-
sors of biology, anatomy, agriculture, and
eugenics from the University of Mooni.
the center of education of all Poros. Im-
mediately upon your capture, this com-
mittee was speedily dispatched by the uni-
versity authorities to make a thorough
study of you. They were to determine
whether you are a Cupian or some new and
strange kind of beast, and whether your
particular breed could be put to any good
use.”
THE RADIO MAN

27

  “How interesting,” I wrote on my pad.
“And have they reached any conclusions?”
“It is for them to question you” he re-
plied. “Come, I will write down, for you
to answer, the things they wish to know.”
So then, through the medium of Doggo’s
pad, they questioned me at length about
myself, the earth, how I had come to
Poros, and my progress since landing.
But their procedure mystified me. How did
Doggo know what they wanted him to
say? Was he a mind reader?

  When they had asked me all they cared,
they gathered together in a corner, ap-
parently holding an inaudible conference
on the results.

  It was evident that there was something
of great moment in the air.

  And so there was, for presently they
withdrew and returned with the young girl,
the girl whose presence on this planet had

inspired me to master at last the ant
language!

  Eagerly I sprang forward with my stylus
and paper, anxious to start a conversation
with this fair creature. And then I was
halted by the sight of her face.

  To my dying day nothing can ever wipe
from my memory the deeply engraved pic-
ture of the look of absolute horror and
loathing which she gave me, as she recoiled
from the contamination of my presence.
Then she swooned and was carried out by
the four professors.

  Oh, how I longed for her, the one human-
like creature that I had seen on Poros, anc
yet what an impassable gulf separated usj
The gulf between the understandings and
mentalities and means of communication
of two distinct worlds! I was determined,
nevertheless, to see her again. But how?
Ah, that was the question!

TO BE CONTINUED IN THE NEXT ISSUE

Coming in the January Issue—On Sale December 6

THE "V" FORCE

 By Fred Smale

    An astounding story of a strange supernatural
    entity which caused havoc wherever it went

 LATER

MR. B.: Don't tdd
yourself! Ex-Lax la
plenty effective. but
It won't upset you.

M R. A. : Wbow! I

bate iho very thought
of haring to take a
cathartic.

MR. B.:Touwouldn't
If you'd only try Ex-
Lax. It tastes swell
—just Uko chocolato.

MR. A.: Why. that's
what we give to the
youngsters. What I
need Is dynamite!

 The action of Ex-!.ax is thorough,
 yet gentle.' No shock. No strain.

 No weakening uf ter-effects. ••
 Just an easy, comfortable
 bowel movement that •	-

 brings blessed relief.

 Try Ex-Lax the next
 time you need a lax-	-

 _ative. It's good for •,	<

 "every member of
 the family.

  MR. A.: Boy. I fool
  liko a million ibis
  mornlnKlThat Ex-Lax
  sure Ls ifreat stuff!

 MR. B.: You said It.
 pal! We've been us-
 ing Ex-Lax la our
 family for 80 years!
My Jeanne had turned into a
little statuette of wondrous
beauty!

The Diminishing- Draft

 By WALDEMAR KAEMPFFERT

  Author of “Science Today and Tomorrow," just published

 Frivolous fingers play with Science’s secrets in a perilous game of hide-

 and-seek

W

 'ELL, J’ve engaged an assistant,”
 I announced to my wife one day
 at luncheon.

 “I am glad of that. You have been work-
 ing much too hard. Who is he?”

 “It isn’t a -he,’ ” T replied as carelessly
 as I could. “It’s Jeanne Briand.”

 Copyrighted, 1918, by The Frank A. Mangry Co.
 28

  “But why Jeanne Briand? What quali-
fications has she? What does she know of
biochemistry?” she inquired, too searching.
I thought, in that high-pitched, staccato
voice of hers which latterly had grated
on me.

“She’s taken her master’s degree,” I
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

" 29

explained as best I could, “and besides,
she had a course in biology under Cal-
houn.”

  The wife of a university professor may
not be versed in the subject with which
his name is identified, but she knows that
academic standards are high. Knows that
a vivacious, copper-haired, laughing-eyed
girl who has dabbled in a few text-books
and chased butterflies with a net is not
ordinarily given an important post in a
famous biochemical laboratory.

  “I think you might have taken young
Mitchel or some other postgraduate in your
department.”

  That was all we said. She suspected
something. There was no question of it.

  And so Jeanne was duly installed in my
home laboratory. I made it very plain to
her that she must keep regular hours, also
that she must conduct herself as my as-
sistant and not as the woman whom I loved
and whom I hoped to wed.

FROM the first I had my misgivings.
It was Jeanne who conceived the idea
of working in the laboratory with me—
not I. She was as out of place among my
instruments and reagent bottles as a wood
nymph.

  It is needless to dwell on the circum-
stances that swayed us, needless to re-
count here how difficult it was to part
whenever we had passed an hour to-
gether, needless to picture the dreamy
longing that hung over us both until our
hands and lips touched again. That is a
characteristic of every week-old love.

  “Please let me help you in your work,”
she pleaded over and over again. “I want
to be near you always. Let me do any-
thing—anything. I can keep the instru-
ments clean. I can write down your notes.
It is unbearable to see you only like this,
once in a long while. Let me work with
you in the laboratory.”

  “But you forget,” I reasoned, “that the
laboratory where I do most of my work
is in my own house. And I am married.
Some day we shall be together always.
Think of the risks that we would run. We

can’t have a scandal. Sooner or later we
would be discovered.”

  I had intended to make a clean breast
of the whole affair to my wife and free
myself from my marital ties in the con-
ventional way, even though it meant the
end of my university career. But Jeanne
could not and would not wait. A man of
stronger will than mine would have yielded.
The desire to have her ever near me, to
see the winsome smile on her face, to
sense her presence in the same room,
moved me more than her arguments. In
short, I yielded.

  Scientifically speaking, she was all but
useless in the laboratory. She had some
talent for drawing, and so I employed her
in making diagrams for my treatise on
“Experimental Evolution.”

  She radiated femininity. She had an
elfish way of interrupting me in my work.
At the most critical stage in dissecting
the head of an insect under the glass, she
would come up and stroke my hair or kiss
the nape of my neck. If I reproved her,
she wept, which meant much kissing away
of her tears and mollifying her with the
endearments that all lovers automatically
invent on the spur of the moment. And
yet, she honestly tried to help me, sim-
ply because of her slavish devotion to me.

  Although she needed constant super-
vision, her drawings were excellent. In-
deed, they soon justified her presence in
my laboratory in the eyes of the entire
university.

  It was about a fortnight after she be-
came my nominal assistant that I assigned
to her the task of making a series of
sketches to demonstrate the effect of baro-
turpinol on parameba.

  I may mention in passing that parameba
is a microscopic animal—a mere cell—
found in stagnant ponds, and that in a
dilute solution of baroturpinol the whole
structure of the creature undergoes a re-
markable change. It was I who discov-
ered the effect of baroturpinol on micro-
organisms of the parameba class. Im-
mersed in baroturpinol the few cells of
which parameba is composed dwindle and
30

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

dwindle under the microscope until finally
the organism, still keeping its own shape,
disappears.

  I had completely misinterpreted this
disappearance of microorganisms under the
action of baroturpinol. I thought that they
merely disintegrated. It was Jeanne who
taught me otherwise.

   One day, while she was engaged in mak-
ing the drawings which would show the
progressive disappearance of parameba,
Jeanne exclaimed:

  “They’ve come back again!”

   “Who has?” I questioned, thinking that
she was talking of people whom we knew.
Besides, I was engrossed in correcting the
proofs of a scientific paper.

   “Why, the parameba. I can’t understand
it!”

  A glance convinced me that she was
right. In less than a minute I saw a speci-
men literally grow under my eyes into a
full-fledged parameba. I can liken the
proceeding only to the coming of an ob-
ject toward one, with all the attendant
increase in size that the movement im-
plies.

PERHAPS I may make myself clearer
if I say that the restoration of para-
meba, as I saw it then and many times
after, was like a railway train traveling
toward one from the distance. At first a
far speck is visible; then the outline of a
locomotive engine can be distinguished;
and at last a huge machine and thunder-
ing cars threaten to crush one out of ex-
istence.

  But that was not all. Parameba came
back alive! Every biologist and chemist
supposed that baroturpinol was a deadly
poison. At all events, I had noticed that
when any microorganism was brought into
contact with even a trace of baroturpinol,
all activity ceased. Death seemed neces-
sarily to precede the process of shrinking.

I could hardly believe my eyes when I
saw my resuscitated parameba moving
about with that characteristic tumbling
motion by which it is so well known.

  “What have you been doing?” I asked.

   “Just what you told me to do.”

   “Dear, dear Jeanne,” I said, taking her
two. hands in mine. “Do you know that
you have made what may prove to be a
very important discovery in biology? Do
you know that you may have upset the
whole theory of life?”

   She clapped her hands. But at the time
the wonderful scientific significance of
what she had seen was lost to her. She
saw that I approved of her, and she was
happy.

   But what did this astonishing revival
of parameba mean? Over and over again I
watched for the return of specimens under
the microscope. Parameba would not re-
turn. I questioned Jeanne closely; I even
watched her prepare a few slides herself,
hoping that she had unconsciously de-
parted from the routine that I had pre-
scribed and had contaminated the baro-
turpinol in a way that would explain
everything.

  At last she remembered. She had
touched the slide with a little glass rod
in order to shift it on the stage of the
instrument. The rod did not seem clean.
She thought to improve matters by wip-
ing it. A painstaking and conscientious
laboratory worker would have used a piece
of sterile cotton. Jeanne used her pocket
handkerchief. It was clear enough that
that little piece of ‘linen was strangely
linked with the accidental revivification of
parameba.

   My deduction was confirmed when I,
too, experimented with the handkerchief.

I deposited a single drop of stagnant water
on a clean glass slide. Under the powerful
lens I saw parameba tumbling about. Then
I added a drop of baroturpinol (one gram
of barturpinol to a cubic centimeter of
distilled water is the proportion, as every
one knows), and at once all activity ceased.
Apparently killed, the specimens of para-
meba began to shrink in that curious man-
ner upon which I had already dilated. I
took a glass rod and wiped it on Jeanne’s
handkerchief. First making sure that para-
meba had quite disappeared, I touched
the little drop of moisture on the slide.
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

" 31

My guess was right. It was Jeanne’s hand-
kerchief. Parameba came rushing back to
life as startlingly as at first.

  The handkerchief had been definitely
linked with the phenomenon, but I was in
the dark as much as ever. What mysterious
properties had this little piece of fabric
that it should thus divert the whole course
of modern biochemistry?

  “Tell me, Jeanne,” I said, “did your
handkerchief touch anything here—some
solution?”

  “No, I’m sure.”

  “But you must have done something
with it. Feel. It’s a little damp.”

  “I wiped my eyes with it,” she ad-
mitted reluctantly. “I had been crying
at something that you said.”

  I did not stop to inquire what it was
that I had said. A light dawned on me.
H^r tears had so uncannily brought back
parameba to life! And tears—what are
they, when stripped of all sentiment, but
salt water?

  A spectroscopic analysis of Jeanne’s
handkerchief convinced me that common
salt" had the property of bringing back
parameba to life.

  Dozens of experiments showed that al-
most any solution of salt would answer;
the stronger it was the more quickly did
life triumph over death.

AND now began an investigation which
was a strange mixture of scientific
research and love-making. To Jeanne it
was like a play. She was very much bored
when I would repeat tests perhaps twenty-
five or fifty times simply to be sure of my
results. But when we experimented with
a new organism, she was all eagerness, all
dancing eyes and clapping hands.

  It was Jeanne who made the discovery
in the first place, and Jeanne who de-
veloped its full possibilities. She had no
well-considered plan of work: she simply
allowed her impulses, her girlish whims to
sway her.

  “I want things to happen,” she would
say, as I tried to explain to her how Time-
wasting was this unscientific, haphazard,

blind plunging into a new and unexplored
field. And yet, through her insatiable de-
sire for excitement, her dramatic interest,
we found out what really happened when
higher organisms were subjected to the
action of baroturpinol.

  As for me, I confined myself entirely
to simple-celled organisms, all so small
that they cannot be seen with the naked
eye. Here, I thought, was enough work to
engage me for years. But that was too
tame for Jeanne. She had the imagination
and the daring that seem to accompany
scientific ignorance.

  I kept a little aquarium in one corner
of the laboratory—a spawning glass jungle
of fresh-water life. It was a never-ending
source of entertainment for her. I have
known her to sit for an hour at a time
watching crayfish crawl lazily along on
the bottom, or a school of tiny goldfish
fighting for a crumb that she had mis-
chievously tossed in.

  One day—it was about two months after
she came to me—she ran to me all radiant,
holding a bowl at the bottom of which
were two or three tiny golden flakes. They
were so small that I had to hold the bowl
against the window and view them by
transmitted light.

  “What have we here?” I asked, won-
dering what new fancy had seized her.

  “Goldfish,” she said.

  “Nonsense,” I retorted.

  “Yes, they are,” she insisted. “I took
some Japanese goldfish from the aquarium
and dropped them into baroturpinol, and
they all shrank up like this.”

  If the original discovery of parameba’s
disappearance and return had startled me,
how shall I describe the stupefaction that
this announcement called forth? I saw at
once what I had only guessed at before.
Parameba had shrunk beyond the limits
of visibility under the microscope, which
accounted for its utter disappearance. But
the goldfish, being much larger, had shrunk
until each became perhaps the size of a
dot on the letter “i.”

  I gazed at the girl with increasing won-
der. Never would it have occurred to me
32

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

to leap at once from simple microscopic
organisms to so high a form of life as a
fish. On the other hand I must say that
it was my academic timidity, if I may so
call it: my systematic way of proceeding
stepwise from one experiment to another,
that had led to the original misconception
of baroturpinol’s effect.

  To every physician and every biologist
in the world, baroturpinol was simply a
germicide. True, Tilden, who had dis-
covered it, had noticed that it had a
curious puckering effect on living tissue,
for which reason it had been condemned
as quite useless as a substitute for mercury
bichloride, phenol, and similar agents, and
had been adopted simply as a convenient
and cheap hospital sterilizer. And now
comes my Jeanne, my capricious, dancing,
playful Jeanne, a mere trifier in science,
and at once uncovers the hidden pos-
sibilities of a completely misunderstood
compound, not because she is a biologist,
but because she simply wants to be
amused.

  Obviously it was my business to find
out whether, like the microscopic organ-
isms that I had thus far examined, the
baroturpinoled goldfish would be revivified
by a solution of common salt. I decanted
the liquid in the bowl, washed the
inanimate, shimmering flakes in distilled
water, and then filled the bowl with a
solution of salt.

  The drama of parameba’s return to
life was repeated on a more striking scale.
Very slowly the dead creatures began to
expand. Soon they assumed their normal
shapes—not, I repeat, that they had lost
them by shrinking, but simply that the
curves of their bodies were developed. It
was not until they had regained their full
size that life itself returned.

  To me the thing was as startling as if
a man, who had been poisoned by prussic
acid, and who had been pronounced dead,
were to open his eyes, get up, and walk.

I took some pains to explain all this to
the intensely amused Jeanne, and I re-
peated the experiment with a particularly
large goldfish which I abstracted from the

aquarium. I made no impression whatever
upon her. She promptly christened the
fish “Lazarus” when he came back to
life, and adopted him as a pet.

   This impulsiveness of hers, this reckless
disregard of all system and plan, could
this be a form of mental activity which
I had been wrong in regarding rather
lazily as showing only an average order
of intellect? Some one has defined in-
tuition as a swift deduction from present
facts. If that be so—I am no psychologist
—then we must reckon with intuition as
well as with the slower and more de-
liberate methods of reasoning in scientific
research.

  If Jeanne was anything she was in-
tuitive. I felt that I must credit her with
powers that were denied me. After all it
was she, and not I, who had stumbled
upon the amazing action of baroturpinol. I
had done little beyond repeating her fanci-
ful experiments under rigorous scientific
control. She showed me the stars, as it
were: I merely counted them.

THE possession of a common secret
strengthened the tie between Jeanne
and myself. It was as if we had found
some beautiful, priceless gem which we
had decided to keep for ourselves and
never to show to the world. We lost all
self-control. In the beginning we had
maintained a semblance of formality. She
kept regular laboratory hours, coming in
the morning at nine and leaving at about
five in the afternoon. It was always “Pro-
fessor Hollister” and “Miss Briand” when
we spoke to each other before others.

  But in truth the hours that we spent
together in the laboratory each day
heightened our love for each other, made
us more and more indispensable to each
other. It became so difficult for us to leave
each other out of our sight that we even
went into the woods together for specimens
to be experimented with in the laboratory.
These specimens she could easily have
gathered for me quite alone. The univer-
sity students and the villagers began to
talk about us.
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

33

  It was my wife, of course, who im-
parted that information to me.

  “You are making yourself ridiculous,”
she announced.

  “Indeed? How?”

  “Every one is talking about you.”

  I pretended not to understand. An at-
tempt of mine to divert her attention from
a topic which it made me uneasy to dis-
cuss, failed ignominiously.

  “Even the postmaster in the village com-
ments on your conduct with Jeanne
Briand. Every one stopped talking when
I came to the regular sewing-circle
yesterday, and looked at me in a pitying
sort of way. If you have no consideration
for yourself, at least consider me.”

  I got up and stalked out of the room.
I was neither polite nor brave.

  The time had come for action. I could
not go on in this way. A scandal was in-
evitable, and. the best that I could now
do was to mitigate it in some way. Jeanne
and I must separate until such time as
I could free myself with the aid of the
divorce courts. I must tell her.

  She read in my face that something was
wrong when I stepped into the laboratory
late that afternoon.

  “You are in trouble, dear,” she said.
“What is it? Tell me.”

  And then I told her of the conversation
with my wife, of the utter impossibility
of concealing our true relations much
longer.

  “We must separate, Jeanne, if it’s only
for a little while—until I am free. And
then we shall come back to each other
again, and we will work together in the
laboratory not as professor and assistant,
but as man and wife.”

  She burst into tears. Never before had
I seen a human being in such distress. She
was convulsed with anguish, so that her
whole body shook. I took her in my arms
and did my best to soothe her.

  “It will only be for a little while,” I
repeated over and over again. It was all
that I could think of, all that I could^ay.

  The sun had long since set, and the
laboratory was soon quite dark. We sat

together on the couch in the corner in
close embrace, Jeanne’s head on my shoul-
der.

  “You must rest,” I said, and laid her on
the couch and sat beside her.

  She half-murmured, half-moaned some-
thing and let me do with her as I would.

  How long she lay there I did not realize
at the time. Hour after hour slipped by.
At last it struck me that we could not
stay thus all night—that I must take
Jeanne home.

  “£ome,” I admonished her, “we must
go now. It is very late.”

  I helped her to her feet, pressed a but-
ton, and turned on the electric light. She
was as limp as a drooping flower, all numb
and listless. I walked to the closet and
took her hat from its peg.

  As I did so I heard footsteps in the
corridor leading to the laboratory. Who
could this be?

  Completely unnerved as I was, dis-
tracted by Jeanne’s despair, I was in-
capable of thinking clearly. It was one
in the morning by the laboratory clock.
Jeanne never stayed in the laboratory
later than six. No one must find her here
now.

  In my ordinary senses the fall of a
footstep in the corridor would not have
disturbed me. Now I acted automatically
and with cowardly absurdity. I ran to
the door and locked it instead of flinging
it open wide.

  There came a knock.

  If some one had leveled a pistol at me
and threatened to shoot me, I could not
have been more alarmed. Jeanne, too,
was frightened. We looked at each other
questioningly, two helpless lovers.

  “Let me in,” shrilled a voice outside.
It was my wife’s. From what she had
told me earlier in the day, I inferred that
she must have been watching Jeanne like
a cat, and that she carefully noted when
the girl came and went. Where to find
her now she knew only too well.

  Concealment was useless.

  “What do you want?” I asked.

  A flood of impassioned accusations fol-
34

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

lowed, in which Jeanne was referred to
as “that woman,” with much incoherent
repetition of the phrase “wrecked home.”
The situation was damning.

MONTHS ago I had decided that the
divorce proceedings should be free
from the usual scandal. But what a ghast-
ly story this would make in the news-
papers! I could read the suggestive head-
lines and the salaciously worded account
of the manner in which my wife had
trapped me—a university professor. The
sensational newspapers in particular would
rejoice in the opportunity of pilloring the
supposedly academic scientist and of ex-
posing him as if he were a libertine in cap
and gown.

  It was Jeanne who saved us. I stood
like one paralyzed, not knowing what to
do. It was the rustle of her skirt that
brought me to my senses. I turned around
just in time to see her raise a beaker of
baroturpinol to her lips and pour it down.

  I know that I cried out: for there was
a sudden cessation of the clamor outside
the door. I rushed to Jeanne’s side. Good
Heavens! What would the effect be?

  Never had we experimented with baro-
turpinol on anything higher than a fish.
She lost consciousness in my arms. I
thought she was dead. She was pallid and
stiff, as if rigor mortis had set in. Then
came over her that change which I had
observed under the microscope and in the
test tube. Her form dwindled and dwindled
in my arms as if it were slipping from
me, until at last I held nothing but her
limp clothes.

  It was as if both her soul and her body
had drifted away from the room. As if
she had slipped out of her earthly fabric
like a butterfly from its chrysalis. I
dropped the bundle on the floor and began
to grope within it. Somewhere within these
folds I knew must be the shrunken body
of my Jeanne.

  At last I found it—a little white form.
I slipped it into my pocket. The clothes
and hat I stuffed into a chest.

  My courage had returned now. I stepped

to the door, unlocked it and flung it wide
open. My wife entered, and with her a
maid-whom she evidently brought as a
witness. Her lips were tightly drawn; her
eyes were mere slits. If ever there was an
infuriated woman bent on vengeance, it
was she.

  She looked about her. Under other cir-
cumstances her astonishment would have
been comical. All this furtive watching,
all these clamorous accusations—all for
nothing? She darted to the closet in which
Jeanne would hang her hat and coat and
I my laboratory aprons, convinced that
Jeanne was hidden there. She threw back
the door with such violence that the knob
indented the plaster wall.

  “Where is she? What have you done
with her?” she screamed.

  “You see that you are mistaken; there
is no one here.”

  She saw that further inquiry would be
useless. Outwitted but not deceived, she
swept angrily out of the room. I locked
the door after her.

  I sat down at the laboratory table, took
out of my pocket the thing that had once
been my Jeanne, and placed it before me.
My eyes were blurred with tears. So this
was all that was left to me of Jeanne. This
was the price of my weakness and my
cowardice! She was dead now, and I felt
as if I had been an accomplice in her
suicide.

  There comes an interval in every grief,
an interval of calm, during which all mun-
dane affairs seem trivial and even one’s
own misery becomes petty. It is as if one
had passed out of a long, dark, narrow
passageway into a vast open twilight
beyond. In one of those intervals of calm
I regained sufficient control of myself
to examine the white remnant of Jeanne.

  The thing that to my fevered touch had
felt like a mere shapeless mass when I
hastily thrust it into my pocket, revealed
itself as a little statuette of wondrous
beauty. It seemed carved out of ivory, this
exquisite miniature, frozen Jeanne. What
would not Cellini have given if he could
have shaped a figure so beautiful?
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

35

  Everything was white except the hair,
her eyebrows, and the lashes of her closed
eyes. The lips were delicately tinted like
a budding rose, but they had not the rich
color of pulsating life. As for her hair, it
still lay in tiny coils about her hair, a mass
of twisted, coppery brown. Jeanne must
have been in the act of falling when I
caught her in my arms. One foot of the
little figure was raised, and it seemed as
if she were about to sink down on one
knee.

  A sculptor would have marveled at the
mere material of which this rare work of
art had been fashioned. It seemed like
wax; yet it had nothing of the oiliness of
wax to the touch. Could it be ivory? It
was too exquisitely white.

  And then the wonderful perfection of
its detail! I was afraid to touch the lashes
of the eyes, lest I should break them. And
the little ears, how finely they were
modeled! The little hands and feet, how
scrupulously every curve and line and
hollow had been preserved! And the dear
body of her, how plastic for all its lifeless
rigidity!

  For the first time in my life I under-
stood the ecstatic ravings of artists when
they endeavored to reveal to others the
beauty that is so evident to them. Reauty
such as this left one inarticulate.

  The face perplexed me—or rather its
expression. Jeanne was all gaiety and ani-
mation. But this reduction of herself sug-
gested nothing of that. How could it?
Jeanne was motion personified, flitting
hither and thither like a butterfly. These
placid features, with no trace of the smile
that lit up the dearest face in the world,
were still and cold.

  The aspect of this precious, pallid
beauty, all that was left to me of Jeanne,
overcame me. T know that T sobbed and
I am not ashamed to own it. I vowed to
myself that I would preserve this remnant
of her, this visible evidence of her self-
sacrifice, as a thing to be worshiped. I
would enshrine it in some secret, fitting
way: it would be my holy of holies.

  Dawn was breaking. I washed my hot,

fevered face and held a water soaked towel
to my swollen eyes for a few minutes.
Fresh air and a long walk would do me
good, I thought. I wrapped the white
figure tenderly in cotton, dropped it into
my pocket, and then walked out into the
open.

  I must have wandered about in a stupor.
For the life of me I cannot now tell where
I went or how I returned. I know that the
sun was well up in the heavens when I
found myself in and went to my room. In
the afternoon I had to give a lecture on
Mendel’s laws to the senior class in biol-
ogy. I flung myself down on the bed,
dressed as I was, hoping that I might
snatch an hour’s sleep, so that I might not
appear too manifestly beside myself with
grief.

I MUST have dozed for I was awakened
by a knock at the door. It was the
maid. I was wanted at the telephone.

  “Say that I can’t be disturbed,” I di-
rected her.

  “She says it’s very important,” was the
reply.

  “Who does?”

  “Miss Briand’s landlady.”

  My state of mind can be imagined when
I say that I could not divine why Jeanne’s
landlady wished to speak to me on the
telephone. I found out quickly enough
when I answered.

  Did I know where Miss Briand was?
asked the voice over the telephone. She
had not been at home all night, and it
was now past noon. Was she at the labora-
tory yesterday? When did she leave?
Should her disappearance be reported to
the police?

  I could tell from her voice that the
woman was concerned more about herself
than about Jeanne. She ran a respectable
house, she insisted again and again. She
did hope nothing had happened which
would compromise her or her establish-
ment. I reassured her as best I could and
promised her that I would look into the
matter of Jeanne’s disappearance and com-
municate with her again.
36

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Her reference to the police startled me.
It brought me to my senses. It had not
occurred to me before that a human being
cannot step out of existence, as it were,
unchallenged. Suppose the police were to
descend on the laboratory and investigate!

  What could I say? No one would believe
me, of course, if I told the truth. About
the experiments with parameba and how
they had led step by step to Jeanne’s un-
doing. Even if I summoned the best ex-
perts, even if they confirmed my dis-
coveries, what biologist would be bold
enough to administer baroturpinol to a
human being and prove that even the
highest forms of life yielded to the strange
influence of that mysterious compound?
And what human being, short of a mad-
man could be found who would willingly
sacrifice himself? Good Heavens!

  And then there were Jeanne’s clothes.
They would surely be found in the chest.

  I sank into a chair. My whole body
was bathed in a perspiration of fright.
Suppose that I were accused of murder?
A divorce scandal was bad enough, but
a murder, a murder—

  Lecturing was out of the question. I
telephoned to the university that illness
would prevent me from attending and that
the class was to be dismissed. I had to
think this out; T must gain time. My case
was clearly desperate.

  All at once a ray of hope flashed upon
me. Why not try salt? If parameba, a
sea-urchin, a goldfish—and a fish is, after
all, not so very low in the scale of evo-
lution—can be restored to their natural
proportions and to life, why not a human
being? Yes, perhaps the salt solution
would save me and bring back my Jeanne
to me.

  But what reason had I to suppose that
because a few animals could be reduced
and expanded at will, I might bring Jeanne
back to life? Suppose that the little statu-
ette should return to life, but to remain
a mere miniature of Jeanne? That was
too horrible!

  Worse still, suppose that the figure
should reassume the girl’s natural shape,

but that no spark of life would reanimate
the body? What then? I should be worse
off tljan ever. The white remnant of her
that I carried with me could be hidden.
The clothes in the chest, too, could be
disposed of. No one could prove that
Jeanne was really dead.

  But a lifeless body—

  I fled into the laboratory. If ever a man
was on the verge of madness, it was I.
Tormented by grief at the loss of Jeanne
and stricken with terror at the prospect
of arrest, I felt like a wild beast at bay.

  I longed for some simple-minded, prac-
tical, unscientific friend to whom I could
turn for counsel in my need. I knew the
difference between a holothurian and a
jellyfish, but in the cloistered university
I had lost track of human hearts and
problems. However, my problem was my
problem; I alone could solve it.

  It came to me very clearly at last that
I owed it to Jeanne to make some effort
at resuscitating all that was left of her.
The resolution was more easily made than
carried out. Where should I conduct this
momentous experiment?

  The laboratory naturally suggested it-
self first. I dismissed the thought almect
at once. There was no vessel large enough
to hold a human body, and suspicion might
be aroused if I had one brought in. I might
go to a hotel and enga'ge a room and bath;
the bathtub would surely serve the pur-
pose.

  But suppose that the little figure of
Jeanne should swell and magnify, and
suppose that life should not return. I
would have to explain the presence of a
corpse in my room—the corpse of a woman
who had played a part in my life and for
whom the police were searching. That
would help neither Jeanne nor me. Better
a thousand times that she should remain
in my pocket than that!

  Finally I came to the conclusion that I
must go to some lonely place by the sea.
Had we not discovered early in our in-
vestigations that any solution of salt, even
seawater, performed the miracle of bring-
ing back to life organisms which had been
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

37

diminished by baroturpinol? Besides,
would it not be easy to dispose of the
corpse if life did not return?

  I looked at my watch. It was just half
past three. Glaston-by-the-Sea was three
hours’ distant by the railway. If I left
this afternoon, by night all my doubts and
fears would be dispelled.

  I had not slept in twenty-four hours.
Some rest I must have. My nerves were
so unstrung that I could feel my eyelids
quivering; I could hardly touch a book or
an implement without dropping it.

  So I went into my room, and bathed,
and threw myself down on the bed to
catch what little sleep I could.

GLASTON-BY-THE-SEA is a fishing
village comprising nothing more than
a dozen houses. In- front of it lies the
ocean; in back tower cliffs of limestone.
The sand stretches oh either side of the
village for miles and miles. Walk ten min-
utes away from the village and you might
as well be in the Desert of Sahara for any
signs of human life that you can see

  I knew the coast well; many a specimen
had I collected among the rocks as the
tide went out.

  It was dark when I alighted from the
train, four miles from Glaston. The full
moon was rising in the east—a great
round, yellow topaz that crept higher and
higher in the sky. I had not counted on a
bright night.

  To carry out a hazardous experiment in
the aspect of that cold, luminous disk
seemed too public. It was so like a round,
inscrutable face that looked down at me in
benignant curiosity. Then it occurred to
me how strangely fascinated Jeanne had
always been by the full moon. How she
had longed for the time when we might
watch it rise together in some such lonely
place as this, shut off from the strife and
the clamor and the prying eyes of the
world. I am not superstitious, but it did
seem as if that great ball in the sky might
be a good omen.

  At about ten o’clock I reached the shore
two miles above Glaston; for I had care-

fully avoided the village. It was flood tide.
The sea was dappled with opalescent
ripples. Now and then a swelling wave
would roll up on the sands and the water
would tumble reluctantly back again in a
vast expanse of foam. Only the rhythmic
wash of a smooth sea broke the silence of
that moonlit solitude.

  Jeanne’s clothes and hat I had brought
with me in a traveling-bag. I took them
out and spread them on the beach just as
I imagined she would have arranged them
herself in her chamber.

  Now that I thought of it, this idea of
coming to Glaston and making an heroic
attempt to bring Jeanne back to life
seemed like a stroke of genius. What if
the experiment did fail? What if the re-
duced image of herself did resume its
normal shape, but without coming back to
life? I could leave the corpse on the sands.
It would seem as if she had died in some
inexplicable way.

  Here were her clothes all neatly ar-
ranged, testifying mutely in my behalf.
There was no sign of violence.

  One by one I took off my own clothes
and laid them down beside Jeanne’s. Very,
very carefully I unwrapped the parcel in
which T had carried her about. I feared
that I might break off a strand of hair
or nick a foot or hand.

  Holding the figure in my outstretched
hands as if it were a sacred image, I
walked into the sea straight toward the
moon, my face uplifted. This was more
than a scientific experiment. Human life,
human happiness, human love were at
stake.

  Now that I look back at the events of
that unforgettable night, the whole pro-
ceeding must have seemed more like a
religious ceremony than a frantic man’s
desperate effort to save the thing that he
held most precious. Surely no worshiper
who had ever entered an ancient Egyptian
temple was more reverentially hopeful
than I, nor more innocently expectant of
a miracle that would sweep away all earth-
ly doubts and reveal the hand of destiny
itself pointing toward the light.
38

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Slowly the water rose to my knees, to
my waist, and at last to my breast. It
lapped the frail figure in my hand. I
clutched the thing lest it should slip from
my grasp. How long I stood thus, shoul-
der-high in the waves, I do not know. Per-
haps it was only five minutes, perhaps as
long as a quarter of an hour.

  I know that I was stricken with terror
for a time; for the figure in my hands
might have been made of stone for any
change that I could feel.

  Was I to fail? Was Jeanne hopelessly,
irretrievably dead?

  Then a moment came when the figure
seemed to slip in my hands. I grasped it
tighter lest I should lose it. Still it slipped
—slipped as a fish slips in the hands. Now
I realized what was happening. Jeanne was
growing, literally growing in my crooked
fingers! I almost swooned.

  Even if the swelling miniature were not
the most precious thing in the world to me,
even if it did not mean happiness and life
itself, I would have found it difficult to
retain my self-control. Very, very slowly
the figure grew to the size of a child. I
had to hold it in my arms now; it was not
only larger, but perceptibly heavier.

  A doubt assailed me. Would it stop
growing? I prayed that it might keep on.

  Presently it grew so large that I could
no longer hold it in my arms alone. I
walked back a few steps and lowered the
figure so that its feet touched the bottom.
But I saw to it that it was completely
immersed, fearful lest some monstrous ef-
fect might be produced if even a shoulder
were dry and could not grow with the rest.

  In half an hour, I should judge, what
had been apparently an exquisite statuette,
something that I could carry in my pocket,
had become the full-sized form of my
Jeanne. But it was still hard. There was
no feeling of yielding flesh—nothing but
the rigidity of so much clay.

  For that I had been prepared by the
observation that I had made in my labora-
tory. Life returned to a shrunken organism
slowly, almost hesitantly.

  At last I felt Jeanne soften in my arms.

She was a thing of flesh now. Her form
had become supple and flexible; I could
feel-*rt as so much tissue.

  And then the miracle of miracles hap-
pened! Her bosom heaved; she sighed;
her eyes opened. She moaned, and stared
at me, utterly bewildered. Her mind could
not orient itself at first. In a dim way
she seemed to realize who I was.

  I could feel her arms tighten about my
neck, and so I carried her to the beach,
in the most ecstatic and exalted state in
which I have ever been.

1TOLD my wife everything—every-
thing of the initial experiments with
parameba and the goldfish, everything ex-
cept Jeanne’s bold swallowing of the baro-
turpinol in a critical situation and of her
subsequent miraculous reanimation. Jeanne
meant all to me; and my wife had ceased
to be, if I may say so, what she never
was. I wanted a divorce, and I said so
frankly.

  “So this is to be the end?” she sobbed
bitterly.

  “I see no other way. To remain as we
are, and to pretend that all is as it should
be between us, would mean misery for
both of us. It is better that we should
part.”

  “But what if I should refuse? Is it
right that you should begin a new and
happy life and that I, after all these
years, should drift about aimlessly and
wretchedly? This home is mine as much
as yours. I made it what it is, and shall
I give up everything for a woman whom
I hate?”

  There was much more in the same vein.
I had not counted on this. It was partly
bitter hatred of Jeanne that swayed her
and partly wounded pride.

  It had never occurred to me before
that marriage means more to a woman
than the building of a nest and the gratifi-
cation of the mating instinct. In her
scheme of existence the conventions or
vanities of married life are enormously
important. Her conjugal rights, the so-
cial status brought about by the mere act
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

39

of marriage are to her what his patent of
nobility is to a duke—something not to be
relinquished without a struggle.

  My wife refused point-blank to divorce
me.

  “But that is senseless,” I argued. “If I
stay here, our life will be a mere trav-
esty; if I leave you and go my own way
you will not be unhappier. What do you
gain by refusing?”

  “You can’t marry a woman who has
ruined my life, and whom I hate. By
refusing to divorce you I destroy her. No
decent man or woman will befriend her,
knowing what she is to you.”

  With that she flounced out of the room.
This turn of events I had not foreseen.
I knew that divorce meant the end of my
university career, and for that I was fully
prepared. But to have the finger of scorn
pointed at the woman I loved—

  I am a social being. Companionship
means much to me, and it meant as much
to Jeanne. For a few months we might
be sufficient to ourselves. Then would
come a time when I would wish to spend
an evening with congenial friends, and
Jeanne with women who give teas and form
organizations for the uplift of the poor and
unenlightened.

  What then? I could hardly venture to
cross the thresholds of those temples of
purity and virtue whither I would even-
tually be drawn, and on my arm a woman
whose relations to me were regarded as
scandalous.

  And she—she would undoubtedly be re-
buffed if she sought to enter the circle
within which she now moved so freely.

  You see that a scientist can be far more
practical in his reasoning than the world
supposes. After all, his whole training
teaches him how to deal with facts.

  I was to meet Jeanne that evening in
a dense grove, near a little farmhouse
about half a mile from the end of the
trolley-line. Ever since her astonishing
restoration we had arranged to see each
other there three times a week. Her re-
turn to the laboratory was out of the
question for the time being.

  There she was at the appointed time
and place, looking very demure in a neat
white dress which she had made herself.
She saw that I was troubled, and I told
her at once the outcome of the afternoon’s
parley.

  Either she would not or she could not
see the situation in its true light. Was I
not everything in her life? She was more
than willing to forego ordinary social in-
tercourse if she could only work and
live with me. A thousand reasons she
advanced to prove how unnecessary the
outer world must be to us.

  She was a born romanticist, living per-
petually in a fairy castle on a mountain-
top capped with silvery clouds. In that
atmosphere there is no time; Jeanne lived
only in the present. I could hope for no
practical assistance from her. I must rea-
son this problem out for myself.

  So I changed the topic at the first
opportunity, and we passed the rest of the
evening in the usual lighthearted way.

  During these meetings we talked chiefly
of the romantic possibilities of barotur-
pinol.

  “How simple and cheap it would be for
us to travel,” she would ramble on. “You
could carry me in your pocket just as you
did to Glaston; or I could pack you away
in my handbag and take you with me.
If I had a friend, I might even have
myself sent to you by parcel-post. Salt
water you can get everywhere.”

  Of course I smiled at this, but I’m not
so sure that Jeanne was not serious.

  That was the last I ever saw of her.

TWO days later I was to keep my tryst
with Jeanne for the third time that
week. I was in the grove at the appointed
hour. She did not come. -Was she detained?
Or was she ill? I fretted and fumed,
hoping that each figure that loomed up
in the darkness (for the grove was near
the road) might be Jeanne. At eleven
o’clock I gave up all hope of seeing her
that night.

  My wife met me as I opened the door
of my house.
40

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “May I speak to you a moment?” she
 asked.

  T hung up my hat and followed her
 into her own room. She took from her
 safe a little box and laid it on her dress-
 ing-table. Next she raised a window which
 opened on a paved court below. It was
 clear she was following a well-thought-out
 plan of action.

  “I believe you wish to say something
 to me,” I said to relieve my suspense.
 “Yes.” Nothing more.

  She untied the box, concealed it from
 me as she did so. Presently she t lrned
 around, holding in her hand an envelope.

   “Read this,” she said. “It came yester-
 day.”

  The envelope had been steamed open.
 It was addressed to me in Jeanne’s hand-
 writing.

   “And so you open and read my letters?”
 I queried angrily.

  “When I suspect that they concern me,
 I do,” she retorted coolly.

   I reproduce it here. That letter and a
 lock of hair that she once gave me are
 all that I have of Jeanne.

 Dearest Dick:

   I	have been thinking so much of that
 wonderful night on the beach at Glaston—
 the night when I was born again on the
 bosom of the sea, just as if I were another
 Aphrodite. How beautiful it was to awaken
 and find myself looking at you by the light
 of the moon I I want to live all that over
 again, to come back from oblivion and find
 myself clinging to you.

   If I were to ask you, I knotf that you
 would never consent to my becoming a dead
 image of myself again. You would suspect
 my motive if I were to ask you for some
 baroturpinol. So I have bought what I need.

 If you will come to meet me in the grove
 beyond the farm at the usual time on Fri-
 day, you will find only a little white Jeanne
 in the midst of her clothes.

   Put her in your pocket and take her with
 you to Glaston next Monday. The moon
 will then be full.

                                Jeanne

 WAS I frightened? I can hardly say.
 It was as if some one had struck
 me a blow. I was stunned.

 Intuitively I sensed the diabolical thing

 that my wife had done. I had told her
 enough of my first experiments; the rest
 Jeaoue’s letter made sufficiently plain.

  “When I read this,” she explained, all
the while standing, “I understood every-
thing. I know now what happened in the
laboratory that afternoon when I knocked
at the door.

  “Now, listen carefully to what I say.
I have told you that I hate this woman,
that I will not permit her to take from me
what is rightfully mine. Late this after-
noon I went to the place that she men-
tions in her letter. I did not know just
when she was to meet you, and I didn’t
care. It was merely a matter of waiting.
I hid myself behind some bushes and
watched.

  “A little while after sunset I saw her
down the road. She came into the grove
and sat down on the grass. Then she took
off her hat and laid it beside her. She sat
very quietly, looking down the road
through the trees. At first I thought that
she was afraid and that she would not
take the solution at all. Then I realized
why she did nothing. She was waiting for
you.

  “She was clever! She was not going to
run the risk of leaving a heap of clothes
in a grove an hour before you came, with
the chance of arousing the curiosity of
some boy who might wander into the
grove. She would wait until she saw you
far away. You would reach her just at
the right moment. So it proved. I could
see you myself fully a quarter of a mile
away: it was still quite light. She never
took her eyes off the road. I think she
must have seen you before I did. She
opened her handbag and took out a bottle
before I caught my first glimpse of you.

  “The next I knew, she had placed the
bottle to her lips and drained it off. I
turned away. I didn’t want to see her
shrivel up before my very eyes. A quarter
of a minute, I thought, would be about
long enough for her to shrink. So I counted
fifteen and turned around. Where she had
sat was only a heap of clothes.

  “There was not a second to lose now.
You were almost at the grove. T crawled
THE DIMINISHING DRAFT

41

out of the bushes and gathered up every-
thing, dothes, hat, and all. Then I ran
away from the place just as you were about
to enter.”

  All the while she had been handling the
box. I knew what it contained, and my
brain was feverishly busy devising and
rejecting, over and over again, plans to get
it away from her; by stealth if possible,
by force if necessary. I should have leaped
from my seat at once and seized her, but I
sat still dazed, as if in a kind of hypnotic
trance.

  “And here is your Jeanne,” she almost
screamed as she took out a white, sitting
figure. “You will never, never have her

again. I take her so, and this—this is what
I do to her!”

  This time I did act. I leaped to my feet,
knocked over the table that she had so
ingeniously placed to obstruct me, and
rushed at her.

  But I was too late.

  She was at the open window.

  She raised her hand high above her
head, posed there for a fraction of a sec-
ond. the very incarnation of hate and
vengeance. Then she dashed the white
thing upon the stone pavement of the
court below.

  I heard it break into a hundred pieces
as it struck.

 Write and tell us how you like this issue. Address your letter to The
 Letter Editor, Famous Fantastic Mysteries, 280 Broadway, New York.

                                             rreath travel

             ON A FROSTY

FOR THE BREATH

REATH SWEETENER...DELIGHTFUL CONFECTION
The Lord of Death

        By HOMER EON FLINT

 Author of "The Planeteer," etc.; co-author of ‘‘The Blind Spot"

             A Complete Novelet

   Part I
   The Discovery

CHAPTER I

THE SKY CUBE

THE doctor, who was easily the most
musical of the four men, sang in a
cheerful baritone:

"The owl and the pussy-cat went to sea

   In a beautiful, pea-green boat.”

  The geologist, who had held down the
lower end of a quartet in his university
days, growled an accompaniment under
his breath as he blithely peeled the pota-
toes. Occasionally a high-pitched note or
two came from the direction of the engi-
neer; he could not spare much wind while
clambering about the machinery, oil-can
in hand. The architect, alone, ignored the
famous tune.

  “What I can’t understand, Smith,” he
insisted, “is how you draw the electricity
from the ether into this car without blast-
ing us all to cinders.”

  The engineer squinted through an opal
glass shutter into one of the tunnels,
through which the anti-gravitation current
was pouring. “If you don’t know any more
about buildings than you do about ma-
chinery, Jackson,” he grunted, because
of his squatting position, “I’d hate to live
in one of your houses!”

  The architect smiled grimly. “You’re
living in one of ’em right now, Smith,”
said he; “that is, if you call this car a
house.”

  Smith straightened up. He was an un-
important-looking man, of medium height

Copyrighted. 1919. by

and build, and bearing a mild, good-
humored expression. Nobody would ever
look at him twice, would ever guess that
his skull concealed an unusually complete
knowledge ot electricity and mechanisms.

  “I told you yesterday, Jackson,” he
said, “that the air surrounding the earth
is chock full of electricity. And—”

  ‘And that the higher we go, the more
juice,” added the other, remembering. “As
much as to say that it is the atmosphere,
then, that protects the earth from the sur-
rounding voltage.”

  The engineer nodded. “Occasionally it
breaks through, anyhow, in the form of
lightning. Now, in order to control that
current, and prevent it from turning this
machine, and us, into ashes, all we do is
to pass the juice through a cylinder of
highly compressed air, fixed in this wall.
By varying the pressure and dampness
within the cylinder, we can regulate the
flow.”

  The builder nodded rapidly. “All right.
But why doesn’t the electricity affect the
walls themselves? I thought they were
made of steel.”

  The engineer glanced through the dead-
light at the reddish disk of the earth,
hazy and indistinct at a distance of forty
million miles. “It isn’t steel; it’s a non-
magnetic alloy. Besides, there’s a layer of
crystalline sulphur between the alloy and
the vacuum space.”

  “The vacuum is what keeps out the
cold, isn’t it?” Jackson knew, but he asked
in order to learn more.

  The Frank A. Munsey Co.
  42
“Look out!" cried Jackson, as the sides of the glass case fell away, and the gigantic monster sat
glaring furiously, as if about to rise and spring

  “Keeps out the sun’s heat, too. The
outer shell is pretty blamed hot on that
side, just as hot as it is cold on the shady
side.” Smith seated himself beside a huge
electrical machine, a rotary converter
which he next indicated with a jerk of his
thumb. “But you don’t want to forget
that the juice outside is no use to us, the
way it is. We have to change it.

  “It’s neither positive nor negative; it’s
just neutral. So we separate it into two
parts; and all we have to do, when we

  want to get away from the earth or any
other magnetic sphere, is to aim a bunch
of positive current at the corresponding
pole of the planet, or negative current at
the other pole. Like poles repel.”

  “Listen easy,” commented Jackson.
“Too easy.”

  “Well, it isn’t exactly as simple as all
that. Takes a lot of apparatus, all told.”
And the engineer looked about the room,
his glance resting fondly on his beloved
machinery.

All powerful Strokor, the iron-voiced dictator of Mercury when the Earth
was young, wanted Ave, the girl who was different, to be his wife and
mother a new race. Edam, thr dreamer, the man who looked like Ave,
Strokor feared not—and that was his fatal mistake

43
44

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

   The big room, fifty feet square, was al-
 most filled with machines; some reached
 nearly to the ceiling, the same distance
 above. In fact, the interior of the “cube”
 had very little waste space. The living
 quarters of the four men who occupied it
 had to be fitted in wherever there hap-
 pened to be room. The architect’s own
 berth was sandwiched in between two
 huge dynamos.

   He was thinking hard. “1 see now why
you have such a lot of adjustments for
those tunnels,” meaning the six square
tubes which opened into the ether through
the six walls of the room. “You’ve got to
point the juice pretty accurately.”

   "I should say so.” Smith led the way
to a window, and the two shaded their
eyes from the lights within while they
gazed at the ashy glow of Mercury, toward
which they were traveling. “I’ve got to
adjust the current so as to point exactly
toward his northern half.” Smith might
have added that a continual stream of
repelling current was still directed toward
the earth, and another toward the sun,
away over to their right; both to prevent
being drawn off their course.

   “And how fast are we going?”

   “Four or five times as fast as mother
earth; between eighty and ninety miles
per second. It s easy to get up speed out
here, of course, where there’s no air re-
sistance.”

   Another voice broke in. The geologist
had finished his potatoes, and a savory
smell was already issuing from the frying
pan. Years spent in the wilderness had
made the geologist a good cook, and dou-
bly welcome as a member of the expedi-
tion.

  “We ought to get there tomorrow,
then,” he said eagerly. Indoor life did not
appeal to him, even under such exciting
circumstances. He peered at Mercury
through his binoculars. “Beginning to
show up fine now.”

THE builder improved upon Van Era-
mon’s example by setting up the car’s
biggest telescope, one of unusual excel-

lence. All three pronounced the planet,
which was three-fourths “full” as they
viewed it, as having pretty much the ap-
pearance of the moon.

   “Wonder why there’s always been so
much mystery about Mercury?” pondered
the architect invitingly.

   “Mercury is so close to the sun,” an-
 swered the scientist, “that he’s always
 been hard to observe. For a long time the
 astronomers couldn’t even agree that he
 always keeps the same face toward the
 sun, like the moon toward the earth.”
 “Then his day is as long as his year?”
 “Eighty-eight of our days; yes.”
 “Continual sunlight! He can’t be in-
 habited, then?” The architect knew very
 little about the planets, but he possessed
 remarkable ability as an amateur anti-
 quarian.

   Dr. Kinney shook his head. “Not at
present, certainly.”

 Instantly Jackson was alert. “Then per-
 haps there were people there at one time?”
 ‘Why not?” the doctor put it lightly.

“ There’s little or no atmosphere there
now, of course, but that’s not saying there
never has been. Even if he is such a little
planet—less than three thousand, smaller
than the moon—he must have had plenty
of air and water at one time, the same as
the earth.”

   “What’s become of the air?” Van Em-
mon wanted to know. Kinney eyed him in
reproach. He said:

   ‘You ought to know. Mercury has only
two-fifths as much gravitation as the
earth; a man weighing a hundred and
fifty back home would be only a sixty-
pounder there. And you can’t expect stuff
as light as air to stay forever on a planet
with no more pull than that, when the
sun is on the job only thirty-six million
miles away.”

   “About a third as far as from the earth
 to the sun,” commented the engineer.
 “By George, it must be hot!”

   “On the sunlit side, yes,” said Kinney.
 “On the dark side it is as cold as space
 itself—four hundred and sixty below, Fah-
 renheit.”
THE LORD OF DEATH

" 45

  They considered this in silence for some
minutes. After a while the builder came
back with another question.

  “If Mercury ever was inhabited, then
his day wasn’t as long as it is now, was
it?"

  “No,” said the doctor. “In all proba-
bility he once had a day the same length
as ours. Mercury is a comparatively old
planet, you know; being smaller, he
cooled off earlier than the earth, and has
been more affected by the pull of the sun.
But it’s been a mighty long time since he
had a day like ours. Before the earth was
cool enough to live on, probably.”

  “But since Mercury was made out of
the same batch of material—” prompted
the geologist.

  “No reason, then, why life shouldn’t
have existed there in the past!” exclaimed
the architect, his eyes sparkling with the
instinct of the born antiquarian. He
glanced up eagerly as the doctor coughed
apologetically and said:

  “Don’t forget that, even if Mercury is
part baked and part frozen, there must be
a region in between which is neither.” He
picked up a small globe from the table
and ran a finger • completely around it
from pole to pole. “So. There must be a
narrow band of country where the sun
is only partly above the horizon, and
where the climate is temperate.”

  “Then”—the architect almost shouted
in his excitement, an excitement only
slightly greater than that of the other two
—“then if there were people on Mercury
at one time—”

  The doctor nodded gravely. “There
may be some there now!”

CHAPTER II

A DEAD CITY

FROM a height of a few thousand
miles Mercury, instead of the craters,
which always distinguished the moon,
showed ranges of bona fide mountains.

  The sky-car was rapidly sinking nearer
and nearer the planet; already SmithTiad
stopped the current with which he had at-

tracted the cube toward the little world’s
northern hemisphere, and was now using
negative voltage. This, in order to act as
a brake, and prevent them from falling to
destruction.

  Suddenly, Van Emmon, the geologist,
whose eyes had been glued to his binocu-
lars, gave an exclamation of wonder.
“Look at those faults!” He pointed to-
ward a region south of that for which
they were bound; what might be called
the planet’s torrid zone.

  At first it was hard to see; then, little
by little, there unfolded before their eyes
a giant, spiderlike system of chasms in the
strange surface beneath them. From a
point almost directly opposite the sun,
these cracks radiated in a half-dozen dif-
ferent directions; vast, irregular clefts,
they ran through mountain and plain
alike. In places they must have been
hundreds of miles wide, while there was
no guessing as to their width. For all that
the four in the cube could see, they were
bottomless.

  “Small likelihood of anybody being
alive there now,” commented the geologist
skeptically. “If the sun has dried it out
enough to produce faults like that, how
could animal life exist?”

  “Notice, however,” prompted the doctor,
“that the cracks do not extend all the
way to the edge of the disk.” This was
true; all the great chasms ended far
short of the “twilight band” which the
doctor had declared might still contain
life.

  But as the sky-car rushed downward
their attention became fixed upon the sur-
face directly beneath them, a point whose
latitude corresponded roughly with that
of New York on the earth. It was a re-
gion of low-lying mountains, decidedly
different from various precipitous ranges
to be seen to the north and east. On the
west, or left-hand side of this district, a
comparatively level stretch, with an occa-
sional peak or two projecting, suggested
the ancient bed of an ocean.

  By this time they were within a thou-
sand miles. Smith threw on a little more
46

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

current; their speed diminished to a safer
point, and they scanned the approaching
surface with the greatest of care.

   “Do either of you fellows see anything
green?” demanded the engineer, a little
later. They were silent; each had noticed,
long before, that not even near the poles
was there the slightest sign of vegetation.

  “No chance unless there’s foliage,”
muttered the doctor, half to himself. The
builder asked what he meant. He ex-
plained: “So far as we know, all animal
life depends upon vegetation for its oxy-
gen. Not only the oxygen in the air, but
that stored in the plants which animals
eat. Unless there’s greenery—”

  He paused at a low exclamation from
Smith. The engineer’s eyes were fixed, in
wonder and excitement, upon that part of
the valley which lay at the joint of the
“L” below them. It was perhaps six miles
across; and all over the comparatively
smooth surface jutted dark projections.
Viewed through the glasses, they had a
regular uniform appearance.

  “By Jove!” exclaimed the doctor, al-
most in awe. He leaned forward and
scrubbed the deadlight for the tenth time.
All four men strained their eyes to see.

  It was the architect who broke the
silence which followed. The other three
were content to let the thrill of the thing
have its way with them. Such a feeling
had little weight with the expert in
archeology.

  “Well,” he declared jubilantly in his
boyish voice, “either I eat my hat or that’s
a city!”

AS SWIFTLY as an elevator drops,
and as safely, the cube shot straight
downward. Every second the landscape
narrowed and shrunk, leaving the remain-
ing details larger, clearer, sharper. Bit
by bit the amazing thing below them re-
solved itself into a real metropolis.

  Within .five minutes they were less
than a mile above it. Smith threw on more
current, so that the descent stopped; and
the cube hung motionless in space.

  For another five minutes the four men

studied the scene in nervous silence. Each
knew that the others were looking for
the_same thing—some sign of life. A little
spot of green, or possibly something in
motion—a single whiff of smoke would
have been enough to cause a whoop of joy.

   But nobody shouted. There was nothing
 to shout about. Nowhere in all that local-
 ity apparently was there the slightest
 sign that any save themselves were alive.

   Instead, the most extraordinary city
that man ever laid eyes upon was stretched
directly beneath. It was grouped about
what seemed to be the meeting-point of
three great roads, which led to this spot
from as many passes through the sur-
rounding hills. And the city seemed thus
naturally divided into three segments, of
equal size and shape, and each with its
own street system.

   For they undoubtedly were streets. No
 metropolis on earth ever had its blocks
 laid out with such unvarying exactness.
 This Mercurian city contained none but
 perfect equilateral trianglesl and the.
 streets themselves were of absolutely uni-
 form width.

  The buildings, however, showed no
such uniformity. On the outskirts the
blocks seemed to contain nothing save odd
heaps of dingy, sun-baked mud. On the
extreme north, however, lay five blocks
grouped together, whose buildings, like
those in the middle of the city, were
rather tall, square-cut and of the same
dusty, cream-white hue.

   “Down-town” were several structures
especially prominent for their height. They
towered to such an extent, in fact, that
their upper windows were easily made
out. Apparently they were hundreds of
stories high!

   Here and there on the streets could be
 seen small spots, colored a darker buff
 than the rest of that dazzling landscape.
 But not one of the spots was ’moving.

   “We’ll go down further,” said the en-
 gineer tentatively, in a low tone. There
 was no comment. He gradually reduced
 the repelling current, so that the sky-car
 resumed its descent.
THE LORD OF DEATH

" 47

  They sank down until they were on a
level with the top of one of those extra-
ordinary sky-scrapers. The roof seemed
perfectly flat, except for a large, round,
black opening in its center. No one was
in sight.

  When opposite the upper rows of win-
dows, at a distance of perhaps twenty
feet, Smith brought the car to a halt,
and they peered in. There were no panes;
the windows opened directly into a vast
room. But nothing was clearly visible
in the blackness save the outlines of the
openings in the opposite walls.

  They went down further, keeping well
to the middle of the space above the
street. At every other yard they kept a
sharp lookout for the inhabitants; but so
far as thev could see, their approach was
entirely unobserved. '

  When within fifty yards of the sur-
face, all four . men made a search for
cross-wires below. They saw none; there
were no poles, even. Neither, to their as-
tonishment, was there such a thing as a
sidewalk. The street stretched unbroken
by curbing, from wall to wall and from
corner to corner.

   As the cube settled slowly to the ground,
the adventurers left the deadlight to use
the windows. For a moment the view was
obscured by a swirl of dust; raised by the
spurt of the current. Then this cloud
vanished, settling to the ground with as-
tounding suddenness, as though jerked
down by some invisible hand.

  Directly ahead of them, perhaps a hun-
dred yards, lay a yellowish-brown mass
of unusual octagonal shape. One end con-
tained a small oval opening, but the men
from the earth looked in vain for any
creature to emerge from it.

  The doctor silently set to work with
his apparatus. From an air-tight double-
doored compartment he obtained a sam-
ple of the ether outside the car; and with
the aid of previously arranged chemicals,
quickly learned the truth.

  There was no air. Not only was there
no oxygen, the element upon which all
known life depends, but there was no

nitrogen, no carbon dioxid. Not the
slightest trace of water vapor or of the
other less known elements which can be
found in small amounts in our own at-
mosphere. Clearly, as the doctor said,
whatever air the astronomers had ob-
served must exist on the circumference
of the planet only, and not in this sun-
blasted, north-central spot.

   On the outer walls of the cube, so ar-
ranged as to be visible through the win-
dows, were various instruments. The
barometer showed no pressure. The ther-
mometer, a specially devised one which
used gas instead of mercury, showed a
temperature of six hundred degrees,
Fahrenheit.

  No air, no water, and a baking heat;
as the geologist remarked, how could life
exist there? But the architect suggested
that possibly there was some form of
life, of which men knew nothing, which
could exist under such circumstances.

   They got out three of the suits. These
were a good deal like those worn by
divers, except that the outer layer was
made of non-conducting aluminum cloth,
flexible, air-tight and strong. Between it
and the inner lining was a layer of cells,
into which the men now pumped several
pints of liquid oxygen. The terrific cold
of this chemical made the heavy flannel
of the inner lining very welcome; while
the oxygen itself, as fast as it evaporated,
revitalized the air within the big, glass-
faced helmet.

  Once safely locked within the clumsy
suits. Jackson, Van Emmon, and Smith
took their places within the vestibule;
while the doctor, who had volunteered to
to stay behind, watched them open
the outer door. With a hiss all the air in
the vestibule rushed out: and the doctor
earnestly thanked his stars that the inner
door had been built very strongly.

  The men stepped out on to the ground.
At first they moved with great care, being
uncertain that their feet were weighted
heavily enough to counteract the reduced
gravitation of the tiny planet. But they
had been living in a very peculiar condi-
48

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

tion, gravitationally speaking, for the past
three days; and they quickly adapted
themselves.

  After a little shifting about, the three
artificial monsters gave their telephone
wires another scrutiny. Then, keeping al-
ways within ten feet of each other, so as
not to throw any strain on the connec-
tions, they strode in a matter-of-fact way
toward the nearest doorway.

  For a moment or two they stood ut-
side the queer, peaked archway, their
glimmering suits standing out oddly in the
blinding sunlight. Then they advanced
boldly into the opening. In a flash they
vanished from the doctor’s sight, and the
inklike blackness of the opening again
stared at him from that dazzling wall.

CHAPTER III

THE HOUSE OF DUST

THE geologist, strong man that he was,
and by profession an investigator of
the unknown—Van Emmon—took the
lead. He stalked straight ahead into a
vast space which, without any preliminary
hallway, filled the entire triangular block.

  Before their eyes were accustomed to
the shadow—“Pretty cold,” murmured the
architect into the phone transmitter. It
was fastened to the inside of the helmet,
directly in front of his mouth, while the
receiver was placed beside his ear. All
three stopped short to adjust each other’s
electrical heating apparatus. To do this,
they did not use their fingers directly;
they manipulated ingenious non-magnetic
pliers attached to the ends of fingerless,
insulated mittens.

  Before they had finished, the builder,
who had been puzzling over the extraor-
dinary suddenness with which that cloud
of dust had settled received an inspira-
tion. He was carrying note-book and
camera. With his pliers he tore out a sheet
from the former, and holding book in one
hand and the leaf in the other, he allowed
them to drop at the same instant.

  They reached the ground together.

“See?” The architect repeated the ex-

periment. “Back home, where there’s air,
the paper would have floated down. It
would have taken three times as long for
it to fall as the book.”

  Smith nodded, but he had been think-
ing of something else. He said gravely:
“Remember what I told you—it’s air that
insulates the earth from the ether. If
there’s no air here”—he glanced out into
the pitiless sunlight—“then I hope there's
no flaw in our insulation. We’re walking
in an electrical bath.”

  They looked around. Objects were
pretty distinct now. They could easily see
that the floor was covered with what ap-
peared to be machines, laid out in orderly
fashion. Here, however, as outside, every-
thing was coated with that fine, cream-
colored dust. It filled every nook and
cranny; it stirred about their feet with
every step.

  The geologist led the way down a broad
aisle, on either side of which towered im-
mense machinery. Smith was for stopping
to examine them one by one; but the
others vetoed the engineer’s passion, and
strode on toward the end of the triangle.
More than anything else, they looked for
the absent population to show itself.

  Suddenly Van Emmon stopped short.
“Is it possible that they’re all asleep?”
He added that, even though the sun shone
steadily the year aroilnd, the people must
take times for rest.

  But Smith stirred the dust with his
foot and shook his head. “I’ve seen no
tracks. This dust has been lying here for
weeks, perhaps months. If the folks are
away, then they must be taking a com-
munity vacation.”

  At the end of the aisle they reached
a small, railed-in space, strongly resem-
bling what might be seen in any office on
the earth. In the middle of it stood a low,
flat-topped desk, for all the world like
that of a prosperous real-estate agent, ex-
cept that it was about half a foot lower.
There was no chair. For lack of a visible
gate in the railing, the explorers stepped
over, being careful not to touch it.

  There was nothing on top of the desk
THE LORD OF DEATH

49

save the usual coat of dust. Below, a very
wide space had been left for the legs of
whoever had used it. And flanking this
space were two pedestals, containing what
looked to be a multitude of exceedingly
small drawers. Smith bent and examined
them; apparently they had no locks. He
unhesitatingly reached out, gripped the
knob of one, and pulled.

  Noiselessly, instantaneously, the whole
desk crumbled to powder.

  Startled, Smith stumbled backward,
knocking against the railing. Next instant
it lay on the floor, its fragments scarcely
distinguishable from what had already
covered the surface. Only a tiny cloud of
dust arose, and in half a second this had
settled.

  The three looked at each other signifi-
cantly. Clearly, the thing that had just
happened argued a great lapse of time since
the user of that desk officiated in that en-
closure. It looked as though Smith’s guess
of “weeks, perhaps months,” would have
to be changed to years, perhaps centuries.

  “Feel all right?” asked the geologist.
Jackson and Smith made affirmative
noises; and again they stepped out, this
time walking in the aisle along the outer
wall. They could see their sky-car plainly
through the ovals.

  Here the machinery could be examined
more closely. They resembled automatic
testing scales, said Smith. The kind that
are used in weighing complicated metal
products after finishing and assembling.
Moreover, they seemed to be connected,
the one to the other, with a series of end-
less belts. These, Smith thought, indicated
automatic production. To all appearances,
the dust-covered apparatus stood just as it
had been left when operations ceased, an
unguessable length of time before.

SMITH showed no desire to touch the
things now. Seeing this, the geologist
deliberately reached out and scraped the
dust from the nearest machine. To the
vast relief of all three, no damage-was
done. The dust fell straight to the floor,
exposing a streak of greenish-white metal.

  Van Emmon made another tentative
brush or so at other points, with the
same result. Clean, untarnished metal lay
beneath all that dust. Clearly it was some
non-conducting alloy. Whatever it was, it
had successfully resisted the action of the
elements all the while that such presum-
ably wooden articles as the desk and rail-
ing had been steadily rotting.

  Emboldened, Smith clambered up on
the frame of one of the machines. He ex-
amined it closely as to its cams, clutches,
gearing, and other details significant
enough to his mechanical training. He
noted their adjustments, scrutinized the
conveying apparatus, and came back car-
rying a cylindrical object which he had
removed from an automatic chuck.

  “This is what they were making,” he
remarked, trying to conceal his excitement.
The others brushed the dust from the
thing, a huge piece of metal which would
have been too much for their strength on
the earth. Instantly they identified it.

  It was a cannon shell.

  Again Van Emmon led the way. They
took a reassuring glance out the window
at the familiar cube, then passed along
the aisle toward the farther corner. As they
neared it they saw that it contained a
small enclosure of heavy metal scrollwork,
within which stood a triangular elevator.

  The men examined it as closely as pos-
sible, noting especially the extremely low
stool which stood upon its platform. The
same unerodable metal seemed to have
been used throughout the whole affair.

  When they returned to the heap of
powdered wood which had been the desk,
Smith spied a long work-bench under a
near-by window. There they found a very
ordinary vise, in which was clamped a piece
of metal. But for the dust, it might have
been placed there ten minutes before. On
the bench lay several tools, some familiar
to the engineer and some entirely strange.
A set of screw-drivers of various sizes
caught his eye. He picked them up, and
again experienced the sensation of having
wood turn to dust at his touch. The blades
were whole.
50

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Still searching, the engineer found a
square metal chest of drawers, each of
which he promptly opened. The contents
were laden with dust, but he brushed this
off and disclosed a quantity of exceedingly
delicate instruments. They were more like
dentists’ tools than machinists’, yet plainly
were intended for mechanical use.

  One drawer held what appeared to be a
roll of drawings. Smith did not want to
touch them; with infinite care he blew
off the dust with the aid of his oxygen
pipe. After a moment or two the surface
was clear, but it offered no encourage-
ment; it was the blank side of the paper.

  There was no help for it. Smith grasped
the roll firmly with his pliers—and the
next second gazed upon dust.

  In the bottom drawer lay something
that aroused the curiosity of all three.
These were small reels, about two inches
in diameter and a quarter of an inch
thick, each incased in a tight-fitting box.
They resembled measuring tapes to some
extent, except that the ribbons were made
of marvelously thin material. Van Emmon
guessed that there were a hundred yards
in a roll. Smith estimated it at three hun-
dred. They seemed to be made of a metal
similar to that composing the machines.
Smith pocketed them all.

  Under the bench they discovered a very
small machine, decidedly like a stock
ticker, except that it had no glass dome,
but possessed at one end a curious metal
disk about a foot in diameter. Apparently
it had been undergoing repairs; it was im-
possible to guess its purpose. Smith’s pride
was instantly aroused; he tucked it under
his arm, and was impatient to get back to
the cube, where he might more carefully
examine this find with the tips of his
fingers.

  It was when they were about to leave
the building that they thought to inspect
walls and ceiling.

  “Look-at that dust again! How’d it get
there?” Van Emmon paused while the
others, the thought finally getting to them,
felt a queer chill striking at the backs of
their necks. “Men—there’s only one way

for the dust to settle on a wall! It’s got
to have air to carry it! It couldn’t pos-
sibly get there without air!

  “That dust settled long before life ap-
peared on the earth, even! It’s been there
ever since the air disappeared from Mer-
cury! ”

CHAPTER IV

THE LIBRARY

“T THOUGHT you’d never get back,"
A complained the doctor crossly, when
the three entered. They had been gone
just half an hour.

  Next moment he was studying their
faces, and at once he demanded the most
important fact. They told him, and before
they had finished he was half-way into
another suit. He was all eagerness; but
somehow the three were very glad to be
inside the cube again, and firmly insisted
upon moving to another spot before mak-
ing further explorations.

  Within a minute or two the cube was
hovering opposite the upper floor of the
building the three had entered. With only
a foot of space separating the window of
the sky-car and the dust-covered wall, the
men from the earth inspected the interior
at considerable length. They flashed a
search-light all about the place, and con-
cluded that it was the receiving room,
where the raw iron billets were brought
via the elevator, and from there slid to
the floor below. At one end, in exactly the
same location as the desk Smith had de-
stroyed, stood another, with a low and
remarkably broad chair beside it.

  So far as could be seen, there were
neither doors, window-panes, nor shutters
through the structure. “To get all the
light and air they could,” guessed the doc-
tor. “Perhaps that's why the buildings are
all triangular; most wall surface in pro-
portion to floor area, that way.”

  A few hundred feet higher they began
to look for prominent buildings.

  “We ought to learn something there,'
the doctor said after a while, pointing out
a particularly large, squat, irregularly
THE LORD OF DEATH

51

built affair on the edge of the “business
district.” The architect, however, was in
favor of an exceptionally large, high build-
ing in the isolated group previously noted
in the “suburbs.” But because it was
nearer, they maneuvered first in the di-
rection of the doctor’s choice.

  The sky-car came to rest in a large
plaza opposite what appeared to be the
structure’s main entrance.

  The doctor was impatient to go. Smith
was willing enough to stay behind; he was
already joyously examining the strange
machine he had found. Two minutes later
Kinney, Van Emmon, and Jackson were
standing before the portals of the great
building.

  There they halted, and no wonder. The
entire face of the building could now be
seen to be covered with a mass of carv-
ings; for the most part they were statues
in bas relief. All were fantastic in the ex-
treme, but whether purposely so or not,
there was no way to tell. Certainly any
such work on the part of an earthly artist
would have branded him either as insane
or as an incomprehensible genius.

  Directly above the entrance was a group
which might have been labeled, “The Tri-
umph of the Brute.” An enormously pow-
erful man, nearly as broad as he was tall,
stood exulting over his victim, a less ro-
bust figure, prostrate under his feet. Both
were clad in armor.

  The victor’s face was distorted into a
savage snarl, startlingly hideous by rea-
son of the prodigious size of his head,
planted as it was directly upon his shoul-
ders; for he had no neck. His eyes were
set so close together that at first glance
they seemed to be but one. His nose was
flat and ape-like in type, while his mouth,
devoid of curves, was revolting in its huge,
thick-lipped lack of proportion. His chin
was square and aggressive; his forehead,
strangely enough, extremely high and
narrow, rather than low and broad.

  His victim lay in an attitude that in-
dicated the most agonizing torture ;—his
head was bent completely back, and
around behind his shoulders. On the

ground lay two battle-axes, huge affairs
almost as heavy as the massively muscled
men who had used them.

  But the eyes of the explorers kept com-
ing back to the fearsome face of the con-
queror. From the brows down, he was
simply a huge, brutal giant; above his
eyes, he was an intellectual. The combina-
tion was absolutely frightful. The beast
looked capable of anything, of overcom-
ing any obstacle, mental or physical, in-
ternal or external, in order to assert his
apparently enormous will. He could con-
trol himself or dominate others easily.

  “It can’t be that he was drawn from
life,” said the doctor, with an effort. It
wasn’t easy to criticize that figure, life-
less though it was. “On a planet like this,
with such slight gravitation, there is no
need for such huge strength. The typical
M^rcurian should be tall and flimsy in
build, rather than short and compact.”

  But the geologist differed. “We want to
remember that the earth has no standard
type. Think what a difference there i3
betweei. the mosquito and the elephant,
the snake and the spider! One would sup-
pose that they had been developed under
totally different planetary conditions, in-
stead of all right on the same globe.

  “No; I think this monster may have
been genuine.” And with that the geologist
turned to examine the other statuary.

  Without exception, it resembled the
central group; all the figures were neck-
less, and all much more heavily built than
any people on earth. There were several
female figures; they had the same general
build, and in every case were so placed as
to enhance the glory of the males. In one
group the woman was offering up food
and drink to a resting worker. In another
she was being carried off, struggling, in
the arms of a fairly good-looking war-
rior.

  Dr. Kinney led the way into the build-
ing. As in the other structure, there was
no door. The space seemed to be but one
story in height, although that had the
effect of a cathedral. The whole of the
ceiling, irregularly arched in a curious,
52

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

pointed manner, was ornamented with
grotesque figures. The walls were also
partially formed of squat, semihuman
statues, set upon huge, triangular shafts.
In the spaces between these outlandish
pilasters there had once been some sort
of 'decorations. A great many photos were
taken here.

  As for the floor, it was divided in all
directions by low walls. About five and
a half feet in height, these walls separated
the great room into perhaps a hundred
triangular compartments, each about the
size of an ordinary living-room. Broad
openings, about five feet square, provided
free access from one compartment to any
other. The men from the earth, by stand-
ing on tiptoes, could see over and beyond
this system.

  “Wonder if these walls were supposed
to cut off the view?” speculated the doc-
tor. “I mean, do you suppose that, the
Mercurians were such short people as
that?” His question had to go unanswered.

  They stepped into the nearest compart-
ment, and were on the point of pronounc-
ing it bare, when Jackson, with an ex-
clamation, excitedly brushed away some
of the dust and showed that the presum-
ably solid walls were really chests of
drawers. Shallow things of that peculiar
metal, these drawers numbered several
hundred to the compartment. In the whole
building there must have been millions.

ONCE more the dust was carefully re-
moved, revealing a layer of those
curious rolls or reels, exactly similar to
what had been found in the tool chest in
the shell works. A careful examination
of the metallic tape showed nothing what-
ever to the naked eye, although the doc-
tor fancied that he made out some strange
characters on the little boxes themselves.

  His view was shortly proved. Finding
drawer after drawer to contain a similar
display, varying from one to a dozen of
of the diminutive ribbons, Van Emmon
adopted the plan of gently blowing away
the dust from the faces of the drawers be-
fore opening them. This revealed the fact

that each of the shallow things was neatly
labeled.

  Jnstantly the three were intent upon the
fresh clue. The markings were very faint
and delicate, the slightest touch being
enough to destroy them. To the untrained
eye, they resembled ancient Egyptian
hieroglyphics. To the archeologist, they
meant that a brand-new system of ideo-
graphs had been found.

  Suddenly Jackson straightened up and
looked about with a new interest. He went
to one of the square doorways and very
carefully removed the dust from a small
plate on the lintel. He need not have been
so careful; engraved in the solid metal
was a single character, plainly in the same
language as the other ideographs.

  The architect smiled triumphantly into
the inquiring eyes of his friends. “I won’t
have to eat my hat,” said. he. “This is a
sure-enough city, all right, and this is its
library!”

  Smith was still busy on the little ma-
chine when they returned to the cube.
He said that one part of it had disap-
peared, and was busily engaged in filing
a bit of steel to take its place. As soon as
it was ready, he thought, they could see
what the apparatus meant.

  The three had brought a large number
of the reels. They were confident that a
microscopic search ‘of the ribbons would
disclose something to bear out Jackson’s
theory that the great structure was really
a repository for books, or whatever cor
responded with books on Mercury.

  “But the main thing," said the doctor
enthusiastically, “is to get over to the
‘twilight band.’ I’m beginning to have all
sorts of wild hopes.”

  Jackson urged that they first visit the
big “mansion” on the outskirts of this
place; he said he felt sure, somehow, that
it would be worth while. But Van Em
mon backed up the doctor, and I he archi
tect had to be content with an agreement
to return in case their trip was futile.

  Inside of a few minutes the cube was
being drawn steadily over Loward the left
or western edge of the planet’s sunlit
THE LORD OF DEATH

53

face. As it moved, all except Smith kept
close watch on the ground below. They
made out town after town, as well as
separate buildings. And on the roads were
to be seen a great many of those octagonal
structures, all motionless.

  After several hundred miles of this, the
surface abruptly sloped toward what had
clearly been the bed of an ocean. No sign
of habitation here, however. So, appar-
ently, the water had disappeared after the
humans had gone.

  This ancient sea ended a short distance
from the district they were seeking. A
little more travel brought them to a point
where the sun cast as much shadow as
light on the surface. It was here they
descended, coming to rest on a sunlit knoll
which overlooked a small, building-filled
valley.

  According to Kinney’s apparatus, there
was about one-fortieth the amount of air
that exists on the earth. Of water vapor
there was a trace; but all their search re-
vealed no human life. Not only that, but
there was no trace of lower animals; there
was not even a lizard, much less a bird.
And even the most ancient-looking of the
sculptures showed no creatures of the air;
only huge, antediluvian monsters were
ever depicted.

  They took a great many photos as a
matter of course. Also, they investigated
some of the big, octagonal machines in the
streets, finding them to be similar to the
great ‘‘tanks” used in war, on earth, ex-
cept that they did not have the caterpil-
lar tread. Their eight faces were so linked
together that the entire affair could roll,
after a jolting, slab-sided, flopping fash-
ion. Inside were curious engines, and
sturdy machines designed to throw the
cannon-shells the visitors had seen. No
explosive was employed, apparently, but
centrifugal force generated in whirling
wheels. Apparently these cars, or chariots,
were universally used.

  The explorers returned to the cube,
where they found that Smith, happening
to look out a window, had spied a pond
not far off. The three visited it and found,

on its banks, the first green stuff they
had seen; a tiny, flowerless salt grass,
very scarce. It bordered a slimy, bluish
pool of absolutely still fluid. Nobody would
call it water. They took a few samples of
it and went back.

  And within a few minutes the doctor
slid a small glass slide into his microscope,
and examined the object with much satis-
faction. What he saw was a tiny, gelatin-
like globule; among scientists it is known
as the amoeba. It is the simplest form of
life—the so-called “single cell.” It had
been the first thing to live on that planet,
and apparently it was also the last.

CHAPTER V

THE CLOSED DOOR

AS THEY neared Jackson’s pet “man-
sion” each man paid close atten-
tion to the intervening blocks. For the
most part these were simply shapeless
ruins; heaps of what had once been, per-
haps, brick or stone.

  Apparently the locality they were ap-
proaching had been set aside as a very
exclusive residence district for the elite
of the country. Possibly it contained the
homes of the royalty, assuming that there
had been a royalty. At any rate the con-
spicuous structure Jackson had selected
was certainly the home of the most im-
portant member of that colony.

  When the three, once more in their
helmets and suits, stood before the low,
broad portico which protected the en-
trance to that edifice, the first thing they
made out was an ornamental frieze run-
ning across the face. In the same bold,
realistic style as the other sculpture, there
was depicted a hand-to-hand battle be-
tween two groups of those half savage,
half cultured monstrosities. And in the
background was shown a glowing orb,
obviously the sun.

  “See that?” exclaimed the doctor. “The
size of that sun, I mean! Compare it with
the way old Sol looks now!”

  They took a single glance at the great
ball of fire over their heads; nine times
54

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

the size it always seemed at home, it con-
trasted sharply with the rather small
ball shown in the carvings.

  “Understand?” the doctor went on.
“When that sculpture was made, Mer-
cury was little nearer the sun than the
earth is now!”

  The builder was hugely impressed. He
asked, eagerly: “Then probably the people
became as highly developed as we?”

  Van Emmon nodded approvingly, but
the doctor was opposed. “No; I think
not, Jackson. Mercury never did have as
much air as the earth, and consequently
had much less oxygen. And the struggle
for existence,” he went on, watching to
see if the geologist approved each point
as he made it, “the struggle for life is, in
the last analysis, a struggle for oxygen.

   “So I would say that life was a pretty
strenuous proposition here, while it
lasted. Perhaps they were—” He stopped,
then added: “What I can’t understand is,
how did it happen that their affairs came
to such an abrupt end? And why don’t
we see any—er—indications?”

  “Skeletons?” The architect shuddered.
Next second, though, his face lit up with
a thought. “I remember reading that elec-
tricity will decompose bone in time.” And
then he shuddered again as his foot stirred
that lifeless, impalpable dust.

   As they passed into the great house the
first thing they noted was the floor, un-
divided, dust-covered, and bare, except
for what had perhaps been rugs. The
shape was the inevitable equilateral tri-
angle. And, here, with a certain magnifi-
cent disregard for precedent, the builders
had done away with a ceiling entirely,
and instead had sloped the three walls
up till they met in a single point, a hun-
dred feet overhead.

  In one corner a section of the floor
was elevated perhaps three feet above
the rest, and directly back of this was a
broad doorway, set in a short wall. The
three advanced at once toward it.

  Here the electric torch came in very
handy. It disclosed a poorly lighted stair,
way, very broad, unrailed, and prepos-

terously steep. The steps were each over
three feet high.

  '“'‘Difference in gravitation,” said the
doctor, in response to Jackson’s question-
ing look. “Easy enough for the old-timers,
perhaps.” They struggled up the flight as
best they could, reaching the top after
over five minutes of climbing.

  Perhaps it was the reaction from this
exertion; at all events each felt a distinct
loss of confidence as, after regaining their
wind, they began to explore. Neither said
anything about it to the others; but each
noted a queer sense of foreboding, far
more disquieting than either of them had
felt when investigating anything else. It
may have been due to the fact that, in
their hurry, they had not stopped to eat.

  The floor they were on was fairly well
lighted with the usual oval windows. The
space was open, except that it contained
the same kind of dividing walls they had
found in the library. Here, however, each
compartment contained but one opening,
and that not uniformly placed. In fact,
as the three noted with a growing un-
easiness, it was necessary to pass through
every one of them in order to reach the
corner farthest from the ladderlike stairs.
Why it should make them Tineasy, neither
could have said.

WHEN they were almost through the
labyrinth, Van Emmon, after stand-
ing on tiptoes for the tenth time, in order
to locate himself, noted something that
had escaped their attention before. “These
compartments used to be covered over,”
he said, for some reason lowering his
voice. He pointed out niches in the walls,
such as undoubtedly once held the ends
of heavy timbers. “What was this place,
anyhow? A trap?”

   Unconsciously they lightened their steps
as they neared the last compartment.
They found, as expected, that it was an-
other stairway. Van Emmon turned the
light upon every corner of the place be-
fore going any further; but except for a
formless heap of rubbish in one comer,
it was bare as the rest of the floor.
THE LORD OF DEATH

55

  Again they climbed, this time for a
much shorter distance; but Jackson,
slightly built chap that he was, needed a
little help on the steep stairs. They were
not sorry that they had reached the up-
permost floor of the mansion. It was
somewhat better lighted than the floor
below, and they were relieved to find that
the triangular compartments did not have
the significant niches in their walls. Their
spirits rose perceptibly.

  At the corner farthest from the stairs
one of the walls rose straight to the ceil-
ing, completely cutting off a rather large
triangle. The three paid no attention to
the other compartments, but went straight
to what they felt sure was the most vital
spot in the place. And their feelings were
justified with a vengeance when they saw
that the usual doorway in this wall was
protected by something that had. so far,
been entirely missing everywhere else.

  It was barred by a heavy door.

  For several moments the doctor, the
geologist, and the architect stood before
it. Neither would have liked to admit that
he would just as soon leave that door
unopened. All the former uneasiness came
back. It was all the more inexplicable,
with the brilliant sunlight only a few feet
away, that each should have felt chilled
by the place.

  •‘Wonder if it’s locked?” remarked
Van Emmon. He pressed against the dust-
covered barrier, half expecting it to turn
to dust; but evidently it had been made
of the time-defying alloy. It stood firm.
And it seemed nearly airtight.

  “Well!” said the doctor suddenly, so
that the other two started nervously. ‘ The
door’s got to come down; that’s all!”
They looked around; there was no furni-
ture, no loose piece of material of any
kind. Van Emmon straightway backed
away from the door about six feet, and the
others followed his example.

  “All together!” grunted the geologist;
and the three aluminum-armored mon-
sters charged the door. It shook under tFTe
impact; a shower of dust fell down; and
they saw that they had loosened the thing.

  “Once more!” This time a wide crack
showed all around the edge of the door,
and the third attempt finished the job.
Noiselessly—for there was no air to carry
the sound—but with a heavy jar which all
three felt through their feet, the barrier
went flat on the floor beyond.

  At that same instant a curious, invisible
wave, like a tiny puff of wind, floated out
of the darkness and passed by the three
men from the earth. Each noticed it, but
no one mentioned it at the time. Van
Emmon was already searching the dark-
ness with the torch.

  Apparently it was only an anteroom. A
few feet beyond was another wall, and
in it stood another door, larger and heavier
than the first. The three did not stop;
they immediately tried their strength on
this one also.

  After a half dozen attempts without
so much as shaking the massive affair—
“It's no use,” panted the geologist, wish-
ing that he could get a handkerchief to his
forehead. “We can’t loosen it without
tools.”

  Jackson was for trying again, but the
doctor agreed with Van Emmon. They
reflected that they had been away from
Smith long enough, anyhow. The cube was
out of sight from w'here they were.

  Van Emmon turned the light on the
walls of the anteroom, and found, on a
shelf at one end, a neat pile of those
little reels, eleven in all. He pocketed the
lot. There was nothing else.

  Jackson and Kinney started to go.

  “Look here," Van Emmon said in a low,
strained voice. They went to his side, and
instinctively glanced behind them before
looking at what lay in the dust.

  It was the imprint of an enormous
human foot!

THE first thing that greeted the ears
of the explorers upon taking off their
suits in the sky-car, was the exultant
voice of Smith. He was too excited to
notice anything out of the way in their
manner. He was almost dancing in front
of his bench, where the unknown machine,
56

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

now reconstructed, stood belted to a small
electric motor.

  “It r.uns!” he was shouting. “You got
here just in time!” He began to fumble
with a switch.

  “What of it?” remarked the doctor in
the bland tone which he kept for occa-
sions when Smith needed calming. “What
will it do if it does run?”

  The engineer looked blank. “Why—”
Then he remembered, and picked up one
of the reels at random. “There’s a clamp
here just the right size to hold one of
these,” he explained, fitting the ribbon into
place and threading its free end into a loop
on a spool which looked as though made
for it. But his excitement had passed; he
now cautiously set a small anvil between
himself and the apparatus. And then, with
the aid of a long stick, he threw on the
current.

  For a moment nothing happened, save
the hum of the motor. Then a strange,
leafy rustling sounded from the mechan-
ism. Next, without any warning, a high-
pitched voice, nasal and plaintive but
distinctly human, spoke from the big metal
disk.

   The words were unintelligible. The lan-
guage was totally unlike anything ever
heard on the earth. And yet, deliberately
if somewhat cringingly, the voice pro-
ceeded with what was apparently a reci-
tation.

   As the thing went on the four men came
closer and watched the operation of the
machine. The ribbon unrolled slowly; it
was plain that, if the one topic occupied
the whole reel, then it must have the
length of an ordinary book chapter. And
as the voice continued, certain dramatic
qualities came out and governed the
words, utterly incomprehensible though
they were. There was a real thrill to it.

  After a while they stopped the thing.
“No use listening to this now,” as the
doctor said. “We’ve got to learn a good
deal more about these people before we
can guess what it all means.”

  And yet, although all were hungry, on
Jackson’s suggestion they tried out one

of the “records” that was brought from
that baffling room. Smith was very much
interested in that unopened door, and he
and Van Emmon were in the midst of dis-
cussing it when Jackson started the
motor.

  The geologist’s words stuck in his
throat. The disk was actually shaking with
the vibrations of a most terrific voice.
Prodigiously loud and powerful, its boom-
ing, resonant bass smote the ears like the
roll of thunder. It was irresistible in its
force, compelling in its assurance, mas-
terful and strong to an overpowering de-
gree. Involuntarily the men from the
earth stepped back.

   On it roared and rumbled, speaking the
same language as that of the other record;
but whereas the first speaker merely used
the words, the last speaker demolished
them. One felt that he had extracted every
ounce of power in the language, leaving
it weak and flabby, unfit for further use.
He threw out his sei nces as though
done with them. Not boldly, not defiantly,
least of all, tentatively. He spoke with a
certainty and force that came from a
knowledge that he could compel, rather
than induce his hearers to believe.

   It took a little nerve to shut him off;
Van Emmon was the one who did it.
Somehow they all felt immensely relieved
when the gigantic voice was silenced; and
at once began discussing the thing with
great earnestness. Jackson was for assum-
ing that the first record was worn and
old, the last one, fresh and new; but after
examining both tapes under a glass, and
seeing how equally clear cut and sharp the
impressions all were, they agreed that the
extraordinary voice they had heard was
practically true to life.

   They tried out the rest of the records
in that batch, finding that they were all
by the same speaker. Nowhere among the
ribbons brought from the library was an-
other of his making, although a great
number of different voices was included.
Neither was there another talker with the
volume, the resonance, the absolute power
of conviction of this unknown colossus.
THE LORD OF DEATH

57

  This is not place to describe the labori-
ous process of interpreting these docu-
ments, records of a past which was gone
before earth’s mankind had even begun.
The work involved the study of countless
photos, covering everything from inscrip-
tions to parts of machinery, and other de-
tails which furnished clue after clue to
that superancient language. It was not
deciphered, in fact, until several years
after the explorers had submitted their
find to the world's foremost lexicographers,
antiquarians and paleontologists. Even
today some of it is disputed.

  But right here is, most emphatically, the
place to insert the tale told by that un-
paralleled voice. And incredible though it
may seem, as judged by the standards of

the peoples of this earth, the account is
fairly proved by the facts uncovered by
the expedition. It would be only begging
the question to doubt the genuineness of
the thing. And if, understanding the lan-
guage, one were to hear the original as it
fell, word for word from the iron mouth
of Strokor the Great (in the Mercurian
language, strok means iron, or heart)—
hearing that, one would believe; none
could doubt, nor would.

  And so it does not do him justice to
set it down in ordinary print. One must
imagine the story being related by Strokor
himself; must conceive of each word fall-
ing like the blow of a mammoth sledge. x
The tale was not told—it was bellowed;
and this is how it ran:

Part II
The Story

CHAPTER I

THE MAN

I AM Strokor, son of Strok, the armorer.
I am Strokor, a maker of tools of war;
Strokor, the mightiest man in the world;
Strokor, whose wisdom outwitted the
hordes of Klow; Strokor, who has never
feared, and never failed. Let him who
dares, dispute it. I—I am Strokor!

  In my youth I was, as now, the marvel
of all who saw. I was 'ever robust and
daring, and naught but much older, bigger
lads could outdo me. I balked at nothing,
be it a game or a battle; it was, and
forever shall be, my chief delight to best
all others.

  ’Twas from my mother that I gained
my huge frame and sound heart. In truth,
I am very like her, now that I think
upon it. She, too, was indomitable in bat-
tle, and famed for her liking for strife.
No doubt ’twas her stalwart figure that
caught my father’s fancy.

  Aye, my mother was a very likely
woman, but she boasted no brains. ■*! need
no cunning,” I remember she said. She
was a grand woman, slow to anger and a
match for many a good pair of men. Often,

as a lad, have I carried the marks of her
punishment for the most of a year.

  And thus it seems that I owe my head
to my father. He was a marvelously clever
man, dexterous with hand and brain alike.
Moreover, he was no weakling. Perchance
I should credit him with some of my
agility, for he was famed as a gymnast,
though not a powerful one. ’Twas he who
taught me how to disable my enemy with
a mere clutch of the neck at a certain
spot.

  But Strok, the armorer, was feared most
because of his brain, and his knack of
using his mind to the undoing of others.
And he taught me all that he knew;
taught me all that he had learned in a
lifetime of fighting for the emperor. Of
mending the complicated machines in the
armory, of contact with the chemists who
wrought the secret alloy, and the chiefs
who led the army.

  When I became a man he abruptly
ended his teaching. I think he saw that I
was become as dexterous as he with the
tools of the craft, and he feared lest I
know more than he. Well he might; the
day I realized this I laughed long and
loud. And from that time forth he taught
58

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

me, not because he chose to, but because
I bent a chisel in my bare hands, before
his eyes, and told him his place.

  Many times he strove to trick me, and
more than once he all but caught me in
some trap. He was a crafty man, and
relied not upon brawn, but upon wits.
Yet I was ever on the watch, and I but
learned the more from him.

  “Ye are very kind,” I mocked him one
morning. When I had taken my seat a
huge weight had dropped from above and
crushed my stool to splinters, much as it
would have crushed my skull had I not
leaped instantly aside. “Ye are kinder
than most fathers, who teach their sons
nothing at all.”

   He foamed at his mouth in his rage and
discomfiture. “Insolent whelp!” he snarled.
“Thou art quick as a cat on thy feet!”

   But I was not to be appeased by words.
I smote him on the chest with my bare
hand, so that he fell on the far side of
the room.

  The time came when I saw that my
father was reconciled to his master. 1 saw
that he genuinely admitted my prowess;
and where he formerly envied me, he
now took great pride in all I accomplished,
and claimed that it was but his own
brains acting through my body.

  I must admit, too, that I owe a great
deal to that gray-beard, Maka, the star-
gazer.

I MET Maka on the very morn that I
first laid eyes on the girl, Ave.

  I was returning from the northland at
the time. A rumor had come down to
Vlama that one of the people in the snow
country had seen a lone specimen of the
mulikka. Now these were but a myth. No
man living remembers when the carvings
on the House of Learning were made, and
all the wise men say that it hath been
ages since any being other than man
roamed the world. Yet, I was young. I
determined to search for the thing any-
how; and ’twas only after wasting many
days in the snow that I cursed my luck,
and turned back.

   I was afoot, for the going was too rough
for my chariot. I had not yet quit the
wilderness before, from a height, I spied
a group of people ascending from the
valley. Knowing not whether they be
friends or foes, I hid beside the path up
which they must come; for I was weary
and wanting no strife.

  Yet I became alert enough when the
three—they were two ditch-tenders, one
old, one young, and a girl—came within
earshot. For they were quarreling. It
seemed that the young man, who was
plainly eager to gain the girl, had fouled
in a try to force her favor. The older man
chided him hotly.

  And just when they came opposite my
rock, the younger man, whose passion had
got the better of him, suddenly tripped
the older, so that he fell upon the ledge
and would have fallen to his death on
the rocks below had not the girl, crying
out in her terror, leaped forward and
caught his hand.

  At once the ditch-tender took the lass
about the waist, and strove to pull her
away. For a moment she held fast, and
in that moment I. Strokor, stood forth
from behind the rock.

  Now. be it known that I am no cham-
pion of weaklings. I was but angered that
the ditch-tender should have done the
trick so clumsily, and upon an old man,
at that. I cared not for the gray beard,
nor what became of the chit. I clapped the
trickster upon the shoulder and spun him
about.

  “Ye clumsy coward!” I jeered. “Have
ye had no practice that ye should trip
the old one no better than that?”

  “Who are ye?” he stuttered, like the
coward he was. I laughed and helped the
chit drag Maka—for it was he—up to
safety.

   “I am a far better man than ye,” I said,
not caring to give my name. “And I can
show ye how the thing should be done.
Come; at me, if ye are a man!”

  At that he dashed upon me; and such
was his fear of ridicule—for the girl was
laughing him to scorn now—he put up a
THE LORD OF DEATH

59

fair, stiff fight. But I forgot my weariness
when he foully clotted me on the head
with a stone. 1 drove at him with all the
speed and suddenness my father had
taught me, caught the fellow by the ankle,
and brought him down atop me.

  The rest was easy. I bent my knee
under his middle, and tossed him high.
In a flash I was upon my feet, and caught
him from behind. And in another second
I had rushed him to the cliff, and when
he turned to save himself, I tripped him
as neatly as father himself could have
done it. So that the fellow will guard the
ditch no more, save in the caverns of
Hofe.

  I laughed and picked up my pack. My
head hurt a bit from the fellow’s blow, but
a little water would do for that. I started
to go.

  “Ye are a brave man!” cried the girl.
I turned carelessly, and then, quite for
the first time, I had a real look at her.

  She was in no way like any woman I
had seen. All of them had been much like
the men; brawny and close-knit, as well
fitted for their work as are men for war.
But this chit was all but slender; not
skinny, but prettily rounded out, and soft
like. I cannot say that I admired her at
first glance; she seemed fit only to look
at, not to live. I was minded of some of
the ancient carvings, which show delicate,
lightly built animals that have long since
been killed off; graceful trifles that rested
the eye.

  As for the old man: “Aye, thou art
brave, and wondrous strong, my lad,” said
he, still a bit shaky from his close call.
I was pleased with the acknowledgment,
and turned back.

  “It was nothing,” I told them; and I
recounted some of my exploits, notably
one in which I routed a raiding party of
men from Klow, six in all, carrying in
two alive on my shoulders. “I am the
son of Strok, the armorer.”

  “Ye are Strokor!” marveled the girl,
staring at me as though I were -a- god.
Then she threw back her head and stepped
close.

 “I am Ave. This is Maka; he is my
uncle, but best known as a star-gazer. My
father was Durok, the engine-maker.”
“Durok?” I knew him well. My father
had said that he was quite as brainy as
himself. “He was a fine man, Ave.”
“Aye,” said she proudly. She stepped
closer; I could not but see how like him
she was, though a woman. And next sec-
ond she laid a hand on my arm.

  “I am yet a free woman, Strokor. Hast
thou picked thy mate?” And her cheeks
flamed.

  Now, ’twas not my first experience of
the kind. Many women had looked like
that at me before. But I had always been
a man’s man, and had ever heeded my
father’s warning to have naught what-
ever to do with women. “They are the
worst trick of all,” he told me; and I had
never forgot. Belike I owe much of my
power to just this.

  But Ave had acted too quickly for me
to get away. I laughed again, and shook
her off.

  “I will have naught to do with ye,” I
told her, civilly enough. “When I am
ready to take a woman, I shall take her;
not before.”

  At that the blood left her face; she
stood very straight, and her eyes flashed
dangerously. Were she a man I should
have stood on my guard. But she made no
move; only the softness in her eyes gave
way to such a savage look that I was
filled with amaze.

  And thus I left them; the old man call-
ing down the blessing of Jon upon me
for having saved his life, and the chit
glaring after me as though no curses
would suffice.

  A right queer matter, I thought at the
time. I guessed not what would come of
it; not then.

CHAPTER II

THE VISION

’rpWAS a fortnight later, more or less,
A when next I saw Maka. I was lum-
bering along in my chariot, feeling most
60

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

uncomfortable under the eyes of my
friends; for one foot of my machine had
a loose link, and ’twas flapping absurdly.
And I liked it none too well when Maka
stopped his own rattletrap in front of
mine, and came running to my window.
Next moment I forgot his impertinence.

  “Strokor,” he whispered, his face alive
with excitement, “thou art a brave lad,
and didst save my life. Now, know you
that a party of the men of Klow have
secreted themselves under the stairway
behind the emperor’s throne. They have
killed the guards, and will of a certainty
kill the emperor, too!”

  “ ’Twould serve the dolt right,” I re-
plied, for I really cared but little. “But
why have ye come to me, old man? I am
but a lieutenant in the armory; I am not
the captain of the palace guard.”

  “Because,” he answered, gazing at me
very pleasingly, “thou couldest dispose of
the whole party single handed—there are
but four—and gain much elory for thy-
self.”

  “By Jon!” I swore, vastly delighted;
and without stopping to ask Maka whence
he had got his knowledge, 1 went at once
to the spot. However, when I got back,
I sought the star-gazer. I ought to men-
tion that I had no trouble with the louts,
and that the emperor himself saw me
finishing of the last of them. I sought the
star-gazer and demanded how he had
known.

  “Hast ever heard of Edam?'1 he in-
quired in return.

 “Edam?” I had not; the name was
strange to me. “Who is he?”

  “A man as young as thyself, but a mere
stripling,” quoth Maka. “He was a pupil
of mine when I taught in the House of
Learning. Of late he has turned to
prophecy; and it is fair remarkable how
well the lad doth guess. At all events,
’twas he, Strokor, who told me of the
plot. He saw it in a dream.'’

  “Then Edam must yet be in Vlama,”
said I, “if he were able to tell ye. Canst
bring him to me? I would know him.”

  And so it came about that, on the eve

of that same day, Maka brought Edam to
my house. I remember it well; for ’twas
the same day that the emperor, in grati-
tude of my little service in the anteroom,
had relieved me from my post in the
armory and made me captain of the
palace guard. I was thus become the
youngest captain, also the biggest and
strongest; and, as will soon appear, bv
jar the longest-headed.

  I was in high good humor, and had
decided to celebrate with a feast. So when
my two callers arrived, 1 sat them down
before a magnificent meal.

  Edam was a slightly built lad, not at all
the sturdy man that I am, but of less than
half the weight. His head, too, was un-
like mine. His forehead was wide as well
as tall, and his eyes were mild as a slave’s.

  “Ye are very young to be a prophet,"
I said to him, after we were filled, and
the slaves had cleared away our litter.
“Tell me, hast foretold anything else that
has come to pass?”

  “Aye,” he replied, not at all boldly, but
what some call modestly. “I prophesied
the armistice which now stands between
our empire and Klow’s.”

  “Is this true?” I demanded of Maka.
The old man bowed his head gravely and
looked upon the young man with far more
respect than I felt. He added:

  “Tell Strokor the dream thou hadst
two nights ago, Edam. It were a right
strange tiling, whether true or not.”

  The stripling shifted his weight on his
stool, and moved the bowl closer. Then
he thrust his pipe deep into it, and let
the liquid flow slowly out his nostrils.
(A curious custom among the Mercurians,
who had no tobacco. There is no other
way to explain some of the carvings.
Doubtless the liquid was sweet-smelling,
and perhaps slightly narcotic.)

  “I saw this,” he began, “immediately
before rising, and after a very light sup-
per; so I know that it was a vision from
Jon, and not of my own making.

  “I was standing upon the summit of
a mountain, and gazing down upon a very
large, fertile valley. It was heavily woQded,
THE LORD OF DEATH

61

dark green and inviting. But what first
drew my attention was a great number
of animals moving about in the air. They
were passing strange affairs, some large,
•ome small, variously colored, and they
were all covered with the same sort of
fur, quite unlike any hair I have ever
seen.”

  “In the air?” I echoed, recovering from
my astonishment. Then I laughed might-
ily. “Man, ye must be crazy! There is no
animal can live in the airl Ye must mean
in the water or on land.”

  “Nay,” interposed the star-gazer.
‘Thou hast never studied the stars,
Strokor, or thou wouldst know that there
be a number of them which, through the
enlarging tube, show themselves to be
round worlds, like unto our own.

  “And it doth further appear that these
other worlds also have air like this we
breathe, and that some have less, while
others have even more. From what Edam
has told me,” finished the old man, “I
judge that his vision took place on Jeos
(the Mercurian word for earth), a world
much larger than ours, according to my
calculations, and doubtless having enough
air to permit very light creatures to move
about in it.”

  “Go on,” said I to Edam, good humor-
edly. “I be ever willing to believe anything
strange when my stomach is full.”

THE dreamer had taken no offense.
He went on, “Then I bent my gaze
closer as I am always able, in visions.
Arid I saw the greenery was most remark-
ably dense, tangled and luxuriant to a de-
gree not ever seen here. And moving about
in it was the most extraordinary collec-
tion of beings that I have ever laid these
eyes upon.

  “There were some huge creatures, quite
as tall as thy house, Strokor, with legs as
big around as that huge chest of thine.
They had tails, as had our ancient mu-
likka, save that these were terrific things,
as long and as big as the trunk of ajarge
tree. I know not their names. (Probably
the dinosaur.)

  “But nowhere was there a sign of a
man. True, there was one hairy, grotesque
creature which hung by its hands and feet
from the tree-tops, very like thee in some
way, Strokor. But its face and head were
those of a brainless beast, not of a man.
Nowhere was there a creature like me or
thee.

  “And the most curious thing was this:
Although there were ten times as many of
these creatures, big and little, to the same
space as on our world, yet there was no
great amount of strife. In truth, there is
far more combat and destruction among
we men than among the beasts.

  “And,” he spoke almost earnestly, as
though he would not care to be disbe-
lieved, “I saw fathers fight to protect their
young!”

  I near fell from my stool in my amaze.
Never in all my life had I heard a
thing so far from the fact. “What!” I
shouted. “Ye sit there like a sane man,
and tell me ye saw fathers fight for their
young?”

  He nodded his head, still very gravely.

  “Faugh!” I spat upon the ground.
“Such softness makes me ill! I’ll be glad
I were born in a man’s world, where I can
take a man’s chances. I want no favoring.
If I am strong enough to live, I live; if
not, I die. What more can I ask?”

  “Aye, my lari!” said Maka approvingly.
“This be a world for the strong. There is
no room here for others; there is scarce
enough food for those who, thanks to their
strength, do survive.” He slipped the gold
band from off his wrist, and held it up for
Jon to see. “Here, Strokor, a pledge! A
pledge to—the survival of the fittest!”

  “A neat, neat wording!” I roared, as I
took the pledge with him. Then we both
stopped short. Edam had not joined us.

  “Edam, my lad,” spake the old man,
“ye will take the pledge with us?”

  “I have no quarrel with either of ye."
Edam got to his feet, and started to the
door. “But I cannot take the pledge with
ye.

  “I have seen a wondrous thing, and I
love it. And, though I know not why, I
62

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

feel that Jon has willed it for Jeos to see
a new race of men, a race even better
than ours.”

  I leaped to my feet. “Better than
ours! Mean ye to say, stripling, that there
can be a better man than Strokor?”

  I fully expected him to shrink from me
in fear; I was able to crush him with one
blow. But he stood his ground; nay,
stepped forward and laid a hand easily
upon my shoulder.

  “Strokor—ye are more than a man; ye
are two men in one. There is no finer—
I say it fair. And yet, I doubt not that
there can be, and will be, a better!”

  And with that such a curious expression
came into his face, such a glow of some
strange kind of warmth, that I let my hand
drop and suffered him to depart in peace.
Such was my wonder.

  Besides, any miserable lout could have
destroyed the lad.

  Maka sat deep in thought for a time,
and when he did speak he made no men-
tion of the lad who had just quit us. In-
stead, he looked me over, long and ear-
nestly, and at the end he shook his head
sorrowfully and sighed:

  “Thou art the sort of a son I would
have had, Strokor, given the wits of thy
father to hold l woman like thy mother.
And thou didst save my life.”

  He mused a little longer, then roused
himself and spake sharply:

  “Strokor, thou hast everything needful
to tickle thy vanity. Thou hast the envy
of those who note thy strength, the praise
of them who love thy courage, and the re-
spect of they who value thy brains. All
these thou hast, and yet ye have not that
which is best!”

  I thought swiftly and turned on him
with a frown: “Mean ye that I am not
handsome enough?”

  “Nay, Strokor,” quoth the star-gazer.
“There be none handsomer in this world,
no matter what the standard on any other,
such as Edam’s Jeos.

  “It is not that. It is, that thou hast no
ambition.”

  I considered this deeply. At first

thought it was not true; had I not always
made it a point to best my opponent?
FroriT my youth it had been ever my cus-
tom to succeed where bigger bodies and
older minds had failed. Was not this am-
bition?

  But before I disputed the point with
Maka, I saw what he meant. I had no final
ambition, no ultimate goal for which to
strive. I had been content from year to
year to outdo each rival as he came before
me. And now, with mind and body alike
in the pink of condition, I was come to the
place where none durst stand before me.

  “Ye are right, Maka,” I admitted. Not
because I cared to gratify his conceit, but
because it were always for my own good
to own up when wrong, that I might
learn the better. “Ye are right; I need to
decide upon a life-purpose. What have ye
thought?”

  The old man was greatly pleased. “Our
talk with Edam brought it all before me.
Know you, Strokor, that the survival of
the fittest is a rule which governs man as
well as men. It applies to the entire popu-
lation, Strokor, just as truly as to me or
thee.

  “In fine, we men who are now the sole
inhabitants of this world, ate descended
from a race of people who survived solely
because they were fitter than the mulikka,
fitter than the reptiles, the fittest, by far,
of all the creatures.

  “That being the case, it is plain that in
time either our empire, or that of Klow’s,
must triumph over the other. And that
which remains shall be the fittest!”

  “Hold!” I cried. “Why cannot matters
remain just as they now are?”

  “That,” he said rapidly, “is because
thou knowest so little about the future
of this world. It is now known that the
sun is a very powerful magnet, and that
he is constantly pulling upon our world
and bringing it nearer and nearer to him-
self. That is why it hath become slightly
warmer during the past hundred years;
the records show it plain. And the same
influence has caused the lengthening of
our day.”
THE LORD OF DEATH

bi

  He stopped and let me think. Soon I
saw it clearly enough; a time must come
when the increasing warmth of the sun
would stifle all forms of vegetable life, and
that would mean the choking of mankind.
It might take untold centuries. Yet,
plainly enough, the world must some day
become too small for even those who now
remained upon it.

  Suddenly I leaped to my feet and strode
the room in my excitement. “Ye are right,
Maka!” I shouted, thoroughly aroused.
“There cannot always be the two empires.
In time one or the other must prevail;
Jon has willed it. And”—I stopped short
and stared at him—“I need not tell ye
which it shall be!”

  “I knew thou wouldst see the light,
Strokor! Thou hast thy father’s brains.”

  I sat me down, but instantly leaped up
again, such was my enthusiasm. “Maka,”

I cried, “our emperor is not the man for
the place! It is true that he was a brave
warrior in his youth; he won the throne
fairly. And we have suffered him to keep
it because he is a wise man, and because
we have had little trouble with the men pf
Klow since their defeat two generations
gone.

  “But he, today, is content to sit at his
ease and quote platitudes about ‘live and
let live.’ Faugh! I am ashamed that I
should even have given ear to him!”

  I stopped short and glared at the old
man. “Maka, hark ye well! If it be the
will of Jon to decide between Klow and
the men of Vlamaland, then it is my
intent to hasten this decision!”

  “Aye, my lad,” he said tranquilly. And
then he added, quite as though he knew
what my answer must be: “How do ye
intend to go about it?”

  "Like a man! I, Strokor, shall become
the emperor!”

CHAPTER III

THE THRONE

A SMALL storm had come ujj^while
Maka and I were talking. Now, as
he was about to quit me, the clouds were

clearing away and an occasional stroke of
lightning came down. One of these, how-
ever, hit the ground such a short distance
away that both of us could smell the
smoke.

  My mind was more alive than it had
ever been before. “Now, what caused that,
Maka? The lightning, I mean; we have it
nearly every day, yet I have never thought
to question it before.”

  “It is no mystery, my lad,” quoth
Maka, dodging into his chariot, so that he
was not wet. “I myself have watched the
thing from the top of high mountains,
where the air is so light that a man can
scarce get enough to fill his lungs. And I
say unto you that, were it not for what
air we have, we should have naught save
the lightning. The space about the air is
full of it.”

  He started his engine, then leaned out
into the rain and said softly: “Hold fast
to what thy father has taught thee, Stro-
kor. Have nothing to do with the women.
’Tis a man’s job ahead of thee, and the
future of the empire is in thy hands.

  “And,” as he clattered off, “fill not thy
head with wonderings about the lightning.”

  I slept not at all that night, but sat
till the dawn came, thinking out a plan
of action. By that time I was fairly con-
vinced that there was naught to be gained
by waiting; waiting makes me impatient
as well. I determined to act at once; and
since one day is quite as good as the next,
I decided that this day was to see the
thing begun.

  I came before the emperor at noon and
received my decorations. Within the hour
I had made myself known to the four and
ninety men who were to be my command.
A picked company, all of a height and
weight, with bodies that lacked little of
my own perfection. Never was there a
finer guard about the palace.

  My first care was to pick a quarrel with
the outgoing commander. ’Twas easy
enough; he was green with envy, anyhow.
And so it came about that we met about
mid afternoon, with seconds, in a well-
frequented field in the outskirts.
64

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  Before supper was eaten my entire troop
knew that their new captain had tossed
his ball-slinger away without using it, had
taken twenty bails from their former com-
mander’s weapon, and while thus wounded
had charged the man and despatched him
with bare hands! Needless to say, this
exploit quite won their hearts. None but
a blind man could have missed the re-
spect they showed me when, all bandaged
and sore, I lined them up next morning.
Afterward I learned that they had all
taken a pledge to “follow Strokor through
the gates of Hofe itself!”

  ’Twas but a week later that, fully re-
covered and in perfect fettle, I called my
men together one morn as the sun rose.
By that time I had given them a sample
of my brains through ordering a rear-
rangement of their quarters such as made
the same much more comfortable. Also, I
had dealt with one slight infraction of the
rules in such a drastic fashion that they
knew I would brook no trifling. All told,
’tis hard to say whether they thought the
most of me or of Jon.

  “Men,” said I, as bluntly as 1 knew,
“the emperor is an old man. And, as ye
know, he is disposed to be lenient toward
the men of Klow; whereas, ye and I well
know that the louts are blackguards.

  “Now I will tell ye more. It has come
to me lately that Klow is plotting to at-
tack us with strange weapons. Of course
I have told the emperor of it; yet he will
not act. He says to wait till we are at-
tacked.”

  I stopped and watched their faces. Sure
enough; the idea made them ache. Each
of these men was spoiling for a fight.

  “Now, tell me; how would ye like to
become the emperor’s bodyguard?” I did
not have to wait long; the light that
flared in their faces told me plainly. “And
—how would ye like to have me for your
emperor?”	,

  At that their tongues were loosed, and
I hindered them not. They yelled for pure
joy, and pressed about me like a pack of
children. I saw that the time was ripe for
action.

  “Up, then!” I roared, and led the way.
We met the emperor’s guard on the lower
stairs; and from that point on we fairly
hacked our way through.

  Well, no need to describe that fight.
For a time I thought we were gone; the
guards had a cunningly devised labyrinth
on the second floor, and attacked us from
holes in a false ceiling, so that we suffered
heavily at first.

  But I saw what was amiss, and shouted
to my men to clear away the timbers;
and after that it was clear work. I lost
forty men before the guard was disposed
of. The emperor I finished myself; he
dodged right spryly for a time, but at last
I caught him and tossed him to the foot
of the upper stairs. And there he still lies,
fQr none of my men would touch him. nor
would I. We covered him with quick-lime
and some earth.

  Then we all feasted on the emperor’s
store, and soon were feeling like ourselves.

  “Men,” I said impressively, “I am
proud of ye. Never did an emperor have
such a dangerous gang of bullies!”

  At that they all grinned happily, and I
added: “And ’tis a fine staff of generals
that ye’ll make!”

  Need I say more? Those men would
have overturned the palace for me had
I said the word. As. it was. they obeyed
my next orders in such a spirit that suc-
cess was assured from the first.

  First, using the dead emperor’s name,
I caused the various chiefs to be brought
together at once to the court chamber.
At the same time I contrived to prevent
any word of our action from getting
abroad. So, when the former staff faced
me the next morning, they learned that
they were to be executed. I could trust
not one; they were all friends of the old
man.

  With the chiefs out of the way, and my
own men taking their commands, the
whole army fell into my hands. True,
there were some insurrections here and
there; but my men handled them with
such speed and harshness that any further
stubbornness turned to admiration. By
THE LORD OF DEATH

65

this time the fame of Strokor was spread
throughout the empire.

  And thus it came about that, within
a week of the night that old Maka first
put the idea into my head, Strokor, son
of Strok, reigned throughout Vlamaland.
And to make it complete, the army cele-
brated my accession by taking a pledge
before Jon:

   “To Strokor, the fittest of the fit!”

CHAPTER IV

THE ASSAULT

NOW, out of a total population of per-
haps three million, I had about a
quarter-million first-class fighters in my
half of the world. Klow, by comparison,
had but two-thirds the number; his land
was not a rich one.

   Shortly my spies reported that his armo-
ries were devising a new type of weapon.
Twas a strange verification of my own
fiction to my men. I could learn nothing,
however, about -t.

  Meanwhile, I caused a vast number of
flat-boats to be built, all in secret. Each
of them was intended for a single fighter
and his supplies. And each was so ar-
ranged, with side paddle wheels, that it
could be driven by the motor in the sol-
dier’s chariot, and thus give each his own
boat.

  Discarding all precedent, I packed not
all my forces together, as had been done
in the past, but scattered them up and
down the coast fronting the land of Klow.
At a prearranged time my quarter-million
men set out, a company in each tiny fleet.
Just as I had planned, we all arrived at a
certain spot on Klow’s coast at practi-
cally the same hour.

  ’Twas a brilliant stroke. The enemy
looked not for a fleet of water-ants, ready
to step right out of the sea into battle.
Their fleet was looking for us, true, but
not in that shape. And we were all safely
ashore before they had ceased to scour the
seas for us.	^

  I immediately placed my heavy ma-
chines, and just as all former expeditions

had done, opened the assault at once with
a shower of the poison shells. I relied, it
will be seen, upon the surprise of my at-
tack to strike terror into the hearts of the
louts.

  But apparently they were prepared for
anything, no matter how rapid the attack.
My bombardment had not proceeded
many moments before, to my dismay,
some of their own shells began to fall
among us. Soon they were giving as good
as we.

  I had placed Maka in my cabinet as
soon as I had reached the throne.

   The old man stroked his beard gravely.
“Perchance it had been wrong to come
to the old landing. They simply began
shelling it as a matter of course.”

  “Ye are right again,” I told him; and
forthwith moved my pieces over into an-
other triangle. Previously, of course, all
my charioteers had gone on toward the
capital. However, I took care to move
my machines, one at a time, so that there
was no let-up in my bombardment.

  But scarce had we taken up the new
position before the enemy’s shells likewise
shifted, and began to strike once more in
our midst. I swore a great oath and
whirled upon Maka in wrath.

  “Can ye explain this thing? My men
have combed the land about us. There
are none of the scouts secreted here. And,
even so, they could not have notified Klow
so soon. Besides, ’tis pitch dark.” I was
sorely mystified.

   All we could do was to fling our shells
as fast as our machines would work and
dodge the enemy’s hail as best we could.
Thus the time passed, and it was near
dawn when the first messengers returned.

   ‘They have stopped us just outside the
walls of the city,” was the report. It
pleased me that they should haye pushed
so far at first; I climbed at once into my
chariot.

   “Now is the time for Strokor to strike!”
I gave orders for the staff to remain where
it was. “I will send ye word when the
city is mine.”

  But before I started my engine I
66

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

glanced up at the sky, to see if the dawn
were yet come; and as I gazed I thought
I saw something come between me and a
star. I brushed the hair away from my
eyes, and looked again. To my boundless
surprise I made out, not one, but three
strange objects moving about swiftly in
the air!

  “Look!” I cried, and my whole staff
craned their necks. In a moment all had
seen, and great was' their wonder.

  ’Twas Maka who spoke first. “They are
much too large to be creatures of Jon,”
he muttered. “They must be some trick
of the enemy.

  “Dost recall Edam’s vision of the crea-
tures in the air of Jeos?” he went on,
knowing that I would not hinder him.
“Now, as I remember it, he said they
flew with great speed. Were it not pos-
sible, Strokor, for suitable engines to pro-
pel very light structures at such high
speed as to remain suspended in the air,
after the manner of leaves in a storm?
I note these strangers move quite fast.”

  It was even so; and at that same in-
stant one of them swung directly above
our heads, so close that I could hear the
hum of a powerful engine. So it was only
a trick! I shook myself together.

  “Attention!” My staff drew up at the
word. “They are but few; fear them not!
We waste no more time here! Pack up
the machines, and follow!”

  And thus we charged upon Klow.

  I found that my men had entirely sur-
rounded the city. Klow’s men were put-
ting up a plucky fight, and showing no
signs of fearing us. Seeing this, I blew a
blast on my engine’s whistle, so that my
bullies might know that I had come.

  Immediately the word ran up and down
the line, so that within a few minutes
Klow was facing a roaring crowd of half-
mad terrors. I myself set the example by
charging the nearest group of the enemy.
They were mounted within the rather
small and perfectly circular chariots
which they preferred. They were quick
and slippery, but they could not stand
before a determined rush.

  I ran them down, and toppled them
over, and dropped suffocation bombs into
their little cages with such vigor and dis-
regard of their volleys that my men could
not resist the example. We charged all
along that vast circular line, and we
cheered mightily when the whole front
broke, turned tail, and ran before us.

BUT scarce had they got away before
a queer thing happened. A flock of
those great air-creatures, some eight alto-
gether, rose up from the middle of the
city. It was now fairly light, and we could
see well. They came out to the battleline
and began to circle the city.

  As they did so they dropped odd, mis-
shapen parcels, totally unlike materials of
war; but when they struck they gave off
prodigious puffs of a greenish smoke, of
so terribly pungent a nature that my men
dropped before it like apples from a
shaken tree. ’Twas a fearful sight; lucky
for us that the louts had had no practise,
else few of us should be alive to tell the
tale.

  And so they swept around the great cir-
cle, many triangles in area; and every-
where the unthinkable things smote the
hearts of my men with a fear they had
never known. Only one of the devices suf-
fered; it was brought down by a chance
fling of a poison shell. The rest, after
loosing their burdens, returned to the city
for more.

  I am no fool. I saw that we could do
nothing against such weapons.

  “Return!” I commanded, and instantly
my staff whistled the code. The men
obeyed with alacrity, making off at top
speed with the men of Klow in hot pur-
suit, although able to do little damage.

  Aye, it was a sorrowful thing, that re-
treat. I was mainly angry that Klow had
not showed himself.

  By the time I- had reached the sea-
shore, most of my men were in their
boats. I stayed till the last, although I
could see the enemy’s fleet bearing down
hard upon us from the north. In truth we
would have all been lost, had we come
THE LORD OF DEATH

- 67

in the manner of former campaigns, all
together in big transports. But because
we could scatter every which way, the
fleet harmed us little; and four-fifths of
us got safely back.

   Happily, none of the air-machines had
 range enough to reach Vlamaland. As soon
 as I could get my staff together, I gave
 orders such as would insure discipline.
 Then, reminding my hearties that Klow,
 knowing our helplessness, would surely
 attack as soon as fully equipped, I made
 this offer:

   “To the man who shall suggest the best
 way of meeting their attack, I shall give
 the third of my empire!”

  So they knew that the case was des-
perate. As for myself, I slept not a bit,
but paced my sleep-chamber and thought
deeply.

  Now, a bit of a shell, from an enemy
slinger, had penetrated my arm. Till now,

 I had paid no attention to it. But it began
 to bother me, so I pulled the metal from
 my arm with my teeth. And quite by
 chance I placed the billet on the table
 within a few inches of the compass I had
 carried on my boat.

   To my intense surprise the needle of the
 compass swung violently about, so that
 one end pointed directly at the fragment
 of metal. I moved them closer together;
 there was no doubt that they were
 strongly attracted. The enemy’s shells
 were made of mere iron!

   The moment I fully realized this, I saw
 clearly how we might baffle the men of
 Klow. I instantly summoned some men,
 gave the orders much as though T had
 known for years what was to be done,
 and in a few moments had the satisfaction
 of seeing my messengers hurrying north
 and south.

 And so it came about that, within three
 days of our shameful retreat, a tenth of
 my men were at work on the new project.
 As yet there was no word from my spies
 across the sea; but we worked with all pos-
 sible haste. And this, very briefly, is_what
 we did:

We laid a gigantic line of iron clear

across the empire. From north to south,
from snow to snow; one end was bedded
in the island of Pathna, where the north
magnetic-pole is found, while the other
stopped on the opposite side of the world,
in a hole dug through the ice into the solid
earth of the South Polar Plain. And every
foot of that enormous rod—’twas as big
around as my leg—was insulated from the
ground with pieces of our secret non-mag-
netic alloy!

  Not for nothing had our chemists
sought the metal which would resist the
lightning. And not for nothing did my
bullies piece the rod together, all working
at the same time, so that the whole thing
was complete in seven days. That is, com-
plete save for the final connecting link.
And that lay, a loglike roll of iron, at the
door of my palace, ready to be rolled into
place whenever I was ready.

   And on the morrow Klow reached our
shores.

CHAPTER V

THE VICTORY

MY first intent was to let them ad-
vance unhampered; but Maka
pointed out that such a policy might give
them suspicions, and so we disputed their
course all the way. I gave orders to show
no great amount of resistance. Thus the
louts reached Vlama in high feather,
confident that the game was theirs.

   I stood at the door of the palace as
Klow himself rolled up to the edge of the
parade-ground. My men, obeying orders,
had given way to him; his crew swarmed
the space behind and on all sides,of him,
while my own bullies were all about and
behind the palace. Never did two such
giant armies face one another in peace;
for I had caused my banner to be floated
wrong end to, in token of surrender.

   First, a small body of subordinates
waited upon me, demanding that I give
up the throne. I answered that I would
treat with none save Klow himself. And
shortly the knave, surrounded by perhaps
68

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

fifty underlings, stepped up before me.

  “Hail, Strokor!” he growled, his voice
shaking a bit with excitement; not with
fear, for he were a brave man. “Hail to
thee and to thine, and a pleasant stay in
Hofe for ye all!”

  “Hail, Klow!” replied I, glancing up
meaningly at the air monsters wheeling
there. “I take it that ye purpose to exe-
cute us.”

  “Aye,” he growled savagely. “Thou
didst attack without provocation. Thy life
is forfeit, and as many more as may be
found needful to guarantee peace.”

  “Then,” I quoth, my manner changing,
“then ye have saved me the trouble of
deciding what shall be thy fate. Execu-
tion, say you? So be it!”

  And I strode down to the great log of
iron which lay ready to fill the gap. Klow
looked at me with a peculiar expression,
as though he thought me mad. True, it
looked it; how could I do him harm with-
out myself suffering?

  But I kicked the props which held the
iron, and gave it a start with my foot. The
ends of the pole-to-pole rod lay concealed
by brush, perchance fifty yards away. In
ten seconds that last section had rolled
completely between them; and only a fool
would have missed seeing that, the last
ten feet, the iron was fair jerked through
the air.

  As this happened we all heard a tre-
mendous crackling, like that of near-by
lightning, while enormous clouds of dust
arose from the two concealed ends, which
were now become connections. And at the
same time a loud, steely click, just one
and no more, sounded from the intruding
host. '

  For a moment Klow was vastly puzzled.
Then he snarled angrily: “What means
this foolery, Strokor? Advance, and give
us thy ax!”

  For answer I turned me about, so as to
face my men, and held up my hand in
signal. Instantly the whistles sounded, and
my hearties came bounding into the field.

  “Treachery!” shouted Klow; and his
officers ran here and there, shouting: “To

arms! Charge and destroy! No quarter!”

  But I paid little attention to the hub-
bubs I was gazing up at those infernal
creatures of the air; and my heart sang
within me as I saw them, circling errati-
cally but very surely down to the earth.
And as they came nearer, my satisfaction
was entire; for their engines were silent!

  At the same time consternation was
reigning among our visitors. Not a man of
all Klow’s thousands was able to move his
■

car or lift a weapon. Every slinger was
jammed, as though frozen by invisible ice.
All their balls and shells were stuck to-
gether, like the work of a transparent
glue. Even their side arms were locked in
their scabbards; and all their tugging
could budge them not!

  But none of my men were so handi-
capped. Each man’s chariot was running
as though nothing had happened. They
thundered forward, discharging their balls
and shells as freely as they had across the
sea. Their charge was a murderous one.
Not a man of Klow’s was able to resist,
save with what force he could put into his
bare hands.

  Klow saw all this from the middle of
his group of officers. None were able to
more than place his body ’twixt us and
their chief. In a very few moments they
saw that the unknown magic had made
them as children in our hands. They were
utterly lost; and Klow turned away from
the sight with a black face. Again he faced
me.

  “What means this, ye huge bundle of
lies? What mean ye by tricking us with
yon badge of surrender, only to tie our
hands with thy magic of Hofe? Is this the
way to fight like a man?”

  I had stood at ease in my door since
rolling the iron. Now, I looked about me
still more easily; my men were running
down the louts who had jumped from
their useless chariots and taken to their
heels. ’Twas but a matter of time before
the army of Klow would be no more, at
that rate.

  “Klow,” I answered him mildly; “ye
are right; this is not the way to fight like
THE LORD OF DEATH

- 69

 a man. Neither,” I pointed out one of the
 fallen air-cars; “neither is that the way,
 flitting over our heads like shadows, and
 destroying us with filthy smoke! Shame
 on ye, Klow, for stooping to such! And
 upon thy own head be the blame for the
 trick I have played upon ye!”

  “You attacked us without provoca-
tion,” he muttered, sourly.

   “Aye, and for a very good reason,” I
replied. “Yet I see thy view-point, and
shalt give thee the benefit of the doubt.”

I turned to my whistlers and gave an
order; so that presently the great slaugh-
ter had stopped. My men and Klow’s alike
struggled back to see what might be amiss.

  I handed Klow an ax. “Throw away
thine own, scabbard and all,” I told him.
“It is useless, for ’tis made of iron. Ours,
and all our tools of,war, are formed of
an alloy which is immune from the
magic.”

   He took the ax in wonderment. “What
means it, Strokor?” asked he again, mean-
while stripping himself in a businesslike
fashion that was good to see.

   “It means,” said I, throwing off my
robe, “that I have unchained the mag-
netism of this world. Know you, Klow,
that all of the children of the sun are full
of his power. It is like unto that of the
tiny magnet which ye give children for
to play. But it is mighty, even as our
world is mighty.”

. “Good Jon!” he gasped; for his was
not a daring mind. “What have ye done,
ye trifler?”

   “I have transformed this empire into
one vast magnet,” I answered coolly.
Then I showed him a boulder on the sum-
mit of a distant hill; through the tube,
Klow could see some of my men standing
beside it.

   “Place one of thy own men on the roof
 of the palace,” I told Klow, “and give him
 orders to lower my banner should ye give
 him the word.

“For upon the outcome of this fight
twixt me and thee, Klow, hinges the
whole affair! If thou dost survive,T!ownJ
comes my banner. Then my men on the

 hill shall topple the boulder, which shall
 rush down the slope and burst the iron
 rod and break the spell. Stand, then, and
 defend thyself!”

   And it did me good to see the spirit
fly into his eyes. He saw that his empire
lived or died as he lived or died, and he
fought as he had never fought before.
Small man that he was, beside myself, he
was wondrous quick and sure in his mo-
tions. Before I knew it, he had bit his ax
deep into my side.

  And in another moment or two it was
over. For, as soon as I felt the pain of
that gash, I flung my own blade away.
With a roar such as would have shaken a
stouter heart than his, I charged the man.

I took a second fearful blow full on my
chest, and heeding it not at all I snatched
the ax from his hands. Then, as he turned
to run, I dropped that tool also.

  And I ran him down, and felled him,
and broke his head with my hands.

  (An unfortunate accident of Mr.
Smith’s, before he was thoroughly familiar
with the machine, mutilated a large por-
tion of the tape so badly that it was
made worthless. This explains why some-
thing appears to be missing from the ac-
count, and why the next chapter begins
in the middle of a sentence.)

CHAPTER VI

THE FITTEST

SLAVES; but the most were slain.
Neither could we bother with their
women and others left behind.

  Now, by this time the empire was as
one man in its worship of me. I had been
emperor but a year, and already I had
made it certain that only the men of
Vlamaland, and no others, should live in
the sight of Jon. So well thought they of
me, I might fair have sat upon my reputa-
tion, and have spent my last days in
feasting, like the man before me.

   But I was still too young and full of
energy to take my ease. I found myself
more and more restless; I had naught to
*do now. At last I sent for old Maka
70

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “Ye put me up to this, ye old fraud,”
I told him, pretending to be wrathful.
“Now set me another task, or I’ll have
thy head!”

  He knew me too well to be affrighted.
He said that he had been considering my
case of late.

  “Strokor, thy father was right when he
told thee to have naught to do with
women. That is to say, he was right at the
time. Were he alive today he would of a
certainty say that it was high time for
thee to pick thy mate.

  “Remember, Strokor; great though
thou art, yet when death taketh thee thy
greatness is become but a memory. Me-
thinks ye should leave something more
substantial behind.”

  It took but little thought to convince
me that Maka was right once more. As
soon as I thought upon it, it was a woman
that I was restless for.

  “Jon bless thee!” I told the old man.
“Ye have named both the trouble and the
remedy. I will attend to it at once. The
best in the world shall be mine, of course.
But as for which one, hast any notion
thyself?”

  “Aye,” he quoth. “ ’Tis my own niece
I have in mind. Perchance ye remember
her; a pretty child, who was with me
when thou didst save my life up there on
the mountainside.”

  “But she is not a vigorous woman.
Maka. Think you she is fit for me?”

  “Aye, if any be,” he replied, earnestly.
“Ave is not robust, true, but her muscles
are as wires. It is because of what lies in
her head, however, that I commend her.
I have taught her all I know.”

  “So!” I exclaimed, much pleased.
“Then she is indeed fit to be the empress.
And as I recall her, she was exceedingly
good to look at.”

  “Say no more. Ave shall be the wife of
Strokor!” And so it was arranged.

  There ye have the story of Strokor, the
mightiest man in the world, and the wis-
est. More than this I shall not tell with
my own lips. I shall have singers recite
my deeds until half the compartments in

the House of Words is filled with the rec-
ords thereof.

  My ambition is fulfilled. Let the hand
of Jon descend upon our world, if it may.
I care not if the sun comes nearer, and
the water dry up, and the days grow
longer and longer, till the day and the
year become of the same length. I care
not; my people, such as be left of them,
shall own what there is, and shall live as
long as life is possible.

  I shall leave behind no race of weak-
lings. Every man shall be fit to live, and
the fittest of them all shall live the longer.
And he, no matter how many cycles hence,
shall look back to Strokor, and to Ave, his
wife, and shall say:

  “I am what I am, the last man on the
world, because Strokor was the fittest man
of his time!”

  Aye; my fame shall live as long as
there be life. Tonight, as I speak these
things into the word machine, my heart is
singing with the joy of it all. Thank J6n,
I was born a man, not a woman!

  Tomorrow I go to fetch Ave. The more
I think of her, the more I see that mine
whole life hath been devised for this one
moment. I see that, insignificant though
she be, Ave is a needed link in the chain.

  Here is the place to stop. There is no
more I can say, the story is done; the
story of Strokor, the greatest man in the
whole world!

CHAPTER VII

THE GOING

TlHS several years since last I faced
J- this machine, many and many a day
since I said that my story was done, and
placed the record on the shelf of my ante-
room, my heart full of satisfaction. And
today 1 must needs add another record,
perhaps two, to the pile.

  When I set out for the highlands on the
morn following what I last related I took
with me but two or three men; not that
I had any need for guards, but because it
looketh not well for the emperor to travel
without retainers, however few.
THE LORD OF DEATH

- 71

   I reached the locality as the sun went
down. The sky was a brilliant color; I
remember it well. Darkness would come
soon, though not as quickly as farther
south. Commonly, I think not upon such
trifles; but I was nearing my love, and
tender things came easily to my mind.

   My chariot kept to the road which lay
alongside the irrigating flume, a stone
trough which runs from the snow-covered
hills to the dry country below. I had al-
ready noted this flume where it emptied
into the basin in the valley below; lor it
had had a new kind of a spillway affixed
to it. A broad, smooth platform with a
slightly upward curve, over which the
water was shooting. I saw no sense in the
arrangement, and made up my mind to
ask Maka about it; for the empire prized
this trough most highly. It ran straight
and true, over expensive bridges where
needed, with scarce a bend to hold back
the flow.

  When I stopped my car outside the
house I was surprised that none should
come out to greet me. Maka had sent word
of my coming; all should have been in
readiness. But I was forced to use my
whistle.

  There was no stir. I became angry; I
told my bullies to stay where they were,
and myself burst in the door.

   The house was a sturdy stone affair of
one floor, set against the side of the moun-
tain, a short distance above the flume. I
looked about the interior in surprise; for
not a soul was in sight in any of the com-
partments. There were signs that people
had been there but a few moments before.
I called it strange, for I had seen no one
leave the house as I approached.

   At last, as I was inspecting the eating
place, I noted a small door let into the
outer wall. It was open; and by squeezing
I managed to get through. I found that it
let into a long, dark passage.

   I followed this, going steadily down a
flight of stairs, and all of a sudden bumped
into an iron grating. At the same moment
I saw that the passageway made fT turn
just beyond. By craning my neck and

straining my eyes I could see a faintly
lighted chamber just a few feet away.

  And before my eyes could scarce make
out the figures of some people in the mid-
dle of the place, a voice came to my ear.

  “Hail, Strokor!” it said. And great was
my astonishment as I recognized the tones
of Edam, the young dreamer whom Maka
had brought to my house.

  “Edam!” I cried. “What do ye here?
Come and open these bars!”

  He made no reply, save to laugh in a
way I did not like. I shook the grating
savagely, so that I felt it give. “Edam!

I roared. “Open this grating at once; and
tell me, where is Ave?”

  “1 am here,” came another voice. I
stopped in sheer surprise, to peer closer
and to see, for the first time, that it was
really the dreamer and the chit, these two
and no more, who sat there in the under-
ground chamber. They seemed to be sit-
ting in some sort of a box, with glass
windows.

  “Ave, come here!” I spoke much more
gently than to Edam; for my heart was
soft with thoughts of her. “It is thy lord,
Strokor, the emperor, who calls thee.
Come! ”

   “I stay here,” said she in the same clear
voice, entirely unshaken by my presence.
“Edam hath claimed me, and I shall
cleave to him. I want none of ye, ye
giant!”

FOR a moment I was minded to throw
my weight against the barrier, such
was my rage. Then I thought better on
it, and closely examined the bars. Two
were loose.

  “Ave,” said I, contriving to keep my
voice even, although my hands were busy
with the bars as I spoke. “Ave—ye do
wrong to spite me thus. Know ye not that
1 am the emperor, and that these bars
cannot stand before me? I warn ye, if I
must call my men to help me, and to wit-
ness my shame, it will go hard with ye!
Better that ye should come willingly. Ye
are not for such as Edam.”

  “No?” quoth the young man, speaking
72

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

up for the chit. “Ye are wrong, Strokor.
We defy thee to do thy worst; we are pre-
pared to flee from ye at all costs!”

  I had twisted one of the bars out of my
way without their seeing it. I strove at
the next as I answered, still controlling
my voice, “ ’Twill do ye no good to flee,
Edam, ye know that. And as for Ave—
she shall wish she had never been born! ”
“So I should,” she replied with spirit,
“if I were to become thy woman. But
know you, Strokor, that Ave, the daughter
of Durok, would rather die than take the
name of one who had spurned her, as ye
did me!”

  So I had; it had slipped my mind. “But
I want thee now, Ave,” said I softly, pre-
paring to slip through the opening I had
made. “Surely ye would not take thine
own life?”

  “Nay,” she answered, with a laugh in
her voice. “Rather I would go with Edam
here. I would go,” she finished, her voice
rising in her excitement, “away from this
horrible world;,away from it all, Strokor,
and to Jeos! Hear ye? To Jeos! And—”
But at that instant I burst through the
grating. Without a sound I charged
straight for the pair of them.

  And without a sound they slipped away
from my grasp. Next second I was gazing
stupidly at the rushing, swirling water
of the flume.

  And I saw that they had been sitting
in the cabin of a tiny boat, and that they
had got away!

  There was an opening into the outer
air; I rushed through, and stared in the
growing twilight down the black furrow
of the flume. Far in the distance, and
going like a streak, I spied the glittering
glass windows of the little craft. Once I
made out the flutter of a saucy hand.

  “We shall get them when they reach
the valley!” I shouted to the men. Then
I reached for my tube, and sighted it on
the lower end of the flume, far, far below,
almost too far away to be clear to the
naked eye.

  In an incredibly short time the craft
reached the end. It traveled at an extraor-

dinary rate; perchance ’twas weighted. I
marveled that its windows could stand the
force of the air. And I scarce had time
to fear that the twain should be destroyed
on that upturned spillway before it was
there.

  And then an awesome thing happened.
As the boat struck the incline it shot up-
ward into the air at a steep slant. Up, up
it went. My heart jumped into my mouth;
for surely they must be crushed when they
came down.

  But the craft did not come down. It
went on and on, up and up; its speed
scarcely slackened; ’twas like that of a
shooting star. And in far less time than it
takes to tell it, the little boat was high
up among the stars, going higher every
instant, and farther away from me. And
suddenly the sweat broke cold on my fore-
head. For dead ahead, directly in line
with their travel, lay the bluish white
gleam of Jeos.

  So great was my rage over the escape
of the dreamer with my woman, at first
I felt no sorrow. Later, after days and
days of search in and about the basin, I
came to grieve most terribly over my loss.
When I came home to the palace, I was
wellTnigh ill.

  In vain did I make the most generous
of rewards. The whole empire turned out
to search for the missing ones, but noth-
ing came of it all. Yet I never ceased to
hope, especially after my talk with Maka.

  “Aye,” he said, when I questioned him,
“it is barely possible that they have left
this world for all time. I have calculated
the speed which their craft might have
attained, had it the right proportions. And,
in truth, it might have left the spillway
at such a speed that it entirely overcame
the draw of the ground.

  “But I think it was a slim chance. It
is more than likely that Ave shall return.”

  Was I not the fitter man? Surely
Edam’s purposes could not succeed; Jon
would not have it so. The woman was
mine, because I had chosen her. And she
must come back to me, and in safety, or
I should tear Edam into bits.
THE LORD OF DEATH

73

  But as time went on and naught trans-
pired, I became more and more melan-
choly.

  Life had become an empty thing; it had
been empty enough before I had craved
the girl, but now it was empty with hope-
lessness.

  After a while I got to thinking of some
>f the things Maka had told me. The more
I thought of the future, the blacker it

eemed.

  True, there were many other fine women;
'nit there had been only one Ave. No
uch beauty had ever graced this world
before. And I knew I could be happy with
no other.

  Now I saw that all my fame had been
in vain. I had lost the only woman that
was fit for me, and when I died there
would be naught left but my name. Even
that the next emperor might blot out, if
he chose.

  It had all been in vain!

  “It shall not be!” I roared to myself,
\s I strode about my compartment, gnaw-
ing at my hands in my misery. And in
just such a fit of helpless anger the great
idea came to me.

  No sooner conceived than put into
practice. I will not go closely into details;

I will relate just the outstanding facts.
What I did was to select a very tall moun-
tain, located almost on the equator, and
proclaimed my intention to erect a monu-
ment to Jon upon its summit. I caused
vast quantities of materials to be brought
to the place; and for a year a hundred
thousand men labored to put the pieces
together.

  When they had finished, they had made
a mammoth tower, partly of wood and
partly of alloy. It was made in sections,
so that it might be placed, piece upon
piece, one above another high into the
sky.

  It was an enormous task. When it was
complete I had a tower as high as the
moantain itself erected upon its summit.

  And next I caused section after section
of the long, iron, pole-to-pole rod, which
had tricked Klow, to be hauled up into

the tower. I was only careful to begin the
process from the top and work downward.
I gave word that the last three sections
be inserted at midday on a given day.

  And at that hour I was safe inside a
non-magnetic room.

  I know right well when the deed was
done. There was a most terrific earth-
quake. All about me, though I could see
nothing at all, I could hear buildings
falling. The din was appalling.

  At the same time the air was fairly
shattered with the rattle of the lightning.
Never have I heard the like before. The
rod had loosed the wrath of the forces
above our air!

  And as suddenly the whole deafening
storm ended. Perchance the rod was de-
stroyed by the lightning; I never went
to see. For I know, the electricity split
the very ground apart. But I gazed out
of a window in the top of my palace, and
saw that I had succeeded.

  Not a soul but myself remained alive.

  None but buildings made of the alloy
were standing. Not only man, but most
of his works had perished in that awful
blast. I, alone, remained!

  I, Strokor, am the survivor 1 I, the
greatest man; it was but fit that I should
be the last! No man shall come after me,
to honor me or not as he chooses. I, and
no other, shall be the last man!

  And when Ave returns—as she must,
though it be ages hence—when she comes,
she shall find me waiting. I, Strokor, the
mighty and wise, shall be here when she
returns. I shall wait for her forever; here
I shall always stay.

  The stars may move from their places,
but I shall not go!

  For it is my intention to make use of
another secret that Maka taught me. In
brief—

  (The record ends here. It may be that
Strokor left the machine for some trivial
reason, and forgot to finish the story. At
all events, it is necessary to refer to the
further discoveries of the expedition in
order to learn and understand the outcome
of it all.)
74

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Part III
The Survivor

PROVIDED with a sledge-hammer, a
crowbar, and a hydraulic jack, and
even with drills and explosives as a last
resort, Jackson, Kinney, and Van Emmon
returned the same day to the walled-in
room in the top of that mystifying man-
sion. The materials they carried would
have made considerable of a load had not
Smith removed enough of the weights from
their suits to offset their burden. They
reached the unopened door without spe-
cial exertion, and with no mishap.

  They looked in vain for a crack big
enough to hold the point of the crowbar;
neither could the most vigorous jabbing
loosen any of the material. They dropped
that tool and tried the sledge. It gpt no
results; even in the hands of the husky
geologist, the most vigorous blows failed
to budge the door. They did not even
dent it.

  So they propped the powerful hydraulic
jack, a tool sturdy enough to lift a house,
at an angle against the door. Then, using
the crowbar as a lever, the architect
steadily turned up the screw, the mechan-
ism multiplying his very ordinary strength
a hundredfold. In a moment it could be
seen that he was getting results; the door
began to stir. Van Emmon struck one
edge with the sledge-hammer, and it gave
slightly.

  In another minute the whole door,
weighing over a ton, had been pushed al-
most out of its opening. The jack, over-
balanced, toppled over. They did not re-
adjust it, but threw their combined w'eight
upon the barrier.

  There was no need to try again. With
a shiver the huge slab of metal slid, up-
right, into the space beyond, stood straight
on end for a second or so, then toppled
to the floor.

  And this time they heard the crash.

  For, as the door fell, a great gust of
wind rushed out with a hissing shriek,

almost overbalancing the men from the
earth. They stood still for a while, breath-
ing hard from their exertion, trying in
vain to peer into the blackness before
them. Under no circumstances would
either of them have admitted that he was
gathering courage.

  In a minute the architect, his eyes
sparkling with his enthusiasm for the
antique, picked up the electric torch and
turned it into the compartment. As he did
so the other two stepped to his side, so
that the three of them faced the unknown
together. It was just as well. Outlined in
that circle of light, and not six feet in
front of them, stood a great chair upon
a wide platform. And seated in the chair,
erect and alert, his wide open eyes star-
ing straight into those of the three, was
the frightful,' mountainous form of
Strokor, the giant, himself.

  For an indeterminable length of time
the men from the earth stood there,
speechless, unbreathing, staring at that
awful monster as though at a nightmare.
He did not move; he was entirely at ease,
and yet plainly on guard, glaring at them
with an air of conscious superiority which
held them powerless. Instinctively they
knew that the all-dominating voice in the
records had belonged to this Hercules.
But their instinct could not tell them
whether the man still lived.

  It was the doctor’s brain that worked
first. Automatically, from a lifelong habit
of diagnosis, he inspected that dreadful
figure quite as though it had been that
of a patient. Bit by bit his subconscious
mind pieced together the evidence; the
man in the chair showed no signs of life.
And after a while the doctor’s conscious
mind also knew.

  ‘ He is dead,” he said positively, in his
natural voice; and such was the vast re-
lief of the other two that they were in
no way startled by the sound. Instantly
THE LORD OF DEATH

all three drew long breaths; the tension
was relaxed; and Van Emmon’s curiosity
found a harsh and unsteady voice.

  “How under heaven has he been pre-
served all this time? Especially,” he
added, remembering, “considering the air
that we found in the room?”

  The doctor answered after a moment,
his reply taking the form of advancing a
step or two and holding out a hand. It
touched glass.

  For the first time since the discovery,
the builder shifted the light. He had held
it as still as death for a full minute. Now
he flashed it all about the place, and they
saw that the huge figure was entirely en-
cased in glass. The cabinet measured
about six feet on each of its sides, and
about five feet in height. But such were
the squat proportions of the occupant
that he filled the whole space.

  A slight examination showed that the
case was not fixed to the platform, but
had a separate bottom, upon which the
stumplike chair was set. Also, they found

" 75

that, thanks to the reduced pull of the
planet, it was not hard for the three of
them to lift the cabinet bodily, despite the
weight of almost a thousand pounds. They
let the tools lie there, discarded as much
weight as they could, and proceeded to
carry that ages-old superman out into the
light.

  Here they could see from an examina-
tion of his mammoth cranium and extraor-
dinary expression, that he was as highly
developed as the greatest men on earth.
It was the back of his head, however, so
flat that it was only a continuation of his
neck, or, rather, shoulders, that told where
the flaw lay. That, together with the hard-
ness of his eyes, the cruelty of his mouth,
and the absolute lack of softness anywhere
in the ironlike face or frame. All this con-
demned the monster as inhuman.

  It was not easy to get him down the
two flights of stairs. More than once they
had to prop the case on a step while they
rested; and at one time, just before they
reached that curious heap of rubbish at

  Behind the eight ball? ,., Too bad,

       Use Thin Gillettes to w*n this gall
  You get good-looking shaves that

Save time and money

... gain new ease!

Precision made
to fit your
razor exattfy

The Thin Gillette Blade Is Produced By The Maker Of The Famous Gillette Blue Blade
76

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

the foot of the upper stairs, Jackson’s
strength gave way and it looked as though
the whole thing would get away from
them.

  Once at the bottom of the lower flight,
the rest was easy. Within a very few
minutes the astonished face of the engineer
was peering into the vestibule. He could
hardly wait until the airtight door was
locked before opening the inner valves.
He stared at the mammoth figure in the
case long and hard; and from then on
showed a great deal of respect for his
three friends.

  Of course, at that time the members of
the expedition did not understand the
conditions of Mercury as they are now
known. They had to depend upon the
general impression they got from their
first-hand investigations; and it is re-
markable that the doctor should have
guessed so close to the truth.

  “He must have made up his mind to
outlast everybody else,” was the way he
put it as he kicked off his suit. He stepped
up to the cabinet and felt of the glass.
“I wish it were possible, without break-
ing the case, to see how he was em-
balmed.”

  His fingers still rested on the glass.
Suddenly his eyes narrowed; he ran his
fingers over the entire surface of the pane.

  “That’s mighty curious!” he ejaculated.
“This thing was bitter cold when we
brought it in! Now it’s already as warm
as this car!”

  Smith’s eyes lit up. “It may be,” he of-
fered, “that the case doesn’t contain a
vacuum, but some gas which has an elec-
trical affinity for our atmosphere.”

  “Or,” exclaimed the geologist suddenly,
“the glass itself may be totally different
from ours. It may be made of—”

  “Good Heavens!” shouted the doctor,
jerking his hand from the cabinet and
leaping straight backward. At the same
instant, with a grinding crash, all three
sides of the case collapsed and fell in
splinters to the floor.

  “Look out!” shrieked Jackson. He was
staring straight into the now unhooded

eyes of the giant. He backed away,
stumbled against a stool, and fell to the
floor in a dead faint. Smith fumbled im-
potently with a hammer. The doctor was
shaking like a leaf.

  But Van Emmon stood still in his
tracks, his eyes fixed on the Goliath; his
fingernails gashed the palms of his hands,
but he would not budge. And as he stared
he saw, from first to last, the whole
ghastly change that came, after billions
of years of waiting, to the sole survivor
of Mercury.

  A glaze swept over the huge figure. Next
instant every line in that adamant figure
lost its strength; the hardness left the
eyes and mouth. The head seemed to sink
lower into the massive shoulders, and the
irresistible hands relaxed. In another sec-
ond the thing that had once been as iron
had become as rubber.

  But only for an instant. Second by sec-
ond that huge mountain of muscle slipped
and jellied and actually melted before
the eyes of the humans. At the same time
a curious acrid odor arose; Smith fell to
coughing. The doctor turned on more
oxygen.

IN LESS than half a minute the man
who had once conquered a planet was
reduced to a steaming mound of brownish
paste. As it sank to the floor of the case,
it touched a layer of coarse yellow powder
sprinkled there; and it was this that
caused the vapor. In a moment the room
was filled with the haze of it.

  And thus it came about that, within
five minutes from being exposed to the
air of the sky-car, that whole immense
bulk, chair and all, had vanished. The
powder had turned it to vapor, and the
purifying chemicals had sucked it up.
Nothing was left save a heap of smoking,
grayish ashes in the center of the broken
glass.

  Van Emmon’s fingers relaxed their grip.
He stirred to action, turned to Smith.

  “Here! Help me with this thing!”

  Between them, they got the remains of
the cabinet, with its gruesome load, into
THE LORD OF DEATH

77

the vestibule. As for the doctor, he was	window, and his face brightened as he
bending over Jackson’s still unconscious made out the distant gleam of another

form. When he saw what the others were	planet. He watched the receding surface

doing, he gave a great sigh of relief.	of Mercury with positive delight.

“Goud!” He helped them close the “Nice place to get away from,” he

door. “Let's get away from this cursed	commented. "And now, my friends—

place!”	home!”

The outer door was opened. At the same But the others’ eyes were fixed upon a
time Smith started the machinery; and as tiny sparkle in the dust outside the pal-

the sky-car shot away from the ground he	ace, where the vestibule had dropped its
■ ilted it slightly, so that the contents of load It was the sun shining upon some
the vestibule was slid into space. Down it broken bits of g.’ass. The glass which, for

fell like so much lead.	untold ages, had enclosed the throne of

The doctor glanced through a nearbv	the Death-lord.

THE SPIRIT-BOATS

                  WITHIN the many-chambered tomb
                  For Tut-ankh-Amen built,

                        Among the alabaster jars,

                        The faience and the gilt,

                       Were placed the spirit-boats designed
                       To bear his soul away
                       To happy shores by Horus blest
                       With everlasting day.

                          Pink shallops far more fit to hold
                          Young Loves perfumed and curled
                          Than navigate the dreary dark
                          And haunted underworld.

                         Light fairy vessels that should rock
                         On waters laced with foam,

                       By sunny isles or emerald woods
                       Where Pan was wont to roam.

                      No doubt the ancient monarch hoped
                      On blue Egyptian nights
                      To steer his bark to mundane parts
                      And taste of old delights,

                          Between the lotus-lilies drift
                          Along the star-lit Nile,

                        And play the sistrum for his queen
                        While basking in her smile.

                        Behold! above the dusky hills
                        The new moon’s silver boat
                        Upon its bright celestial way
                        Serenely certain float.

                     Who knows? Mark Antony its course
                     From sky to earth may guide,

                        To visit onca^gain the scene
                        Where Cleopatra died.

                                     —By Minna Irving.

                             Couuriuhted. 1923, by the Frank A. Munsey Co.
Lights

By PHILIP FISHER

 Author of "The Devil of the Western Sea.” "Beyond the Pole," etc.

Hazard on the high sea and a ghostly warning that the eyes of one sailor

 only could see

I

THERE had never been any question
of Carey’s seamanship. Officers who
knew had testified to that. The cap-
tain himself had declared so to the court.
And he had added further the unsolicited
opinion that he knew no officer he would
more fully trust to keep safe position
when the destroyer division was making
twenty-five knots in close column.

  Furtive glances flickered between the
officers grouped about the green baized
wardroom table. A disagreeable duty, this
trying a brother at arms. The judge advo-
cate himself hesitated. Then, pushing
aside a thought not entirely complimen-
tary to naval regulations, he sighed almost
audibly and put another question.

  Captain Kennart shook his head with
grim decision.

  “No,” he said emphatically. “Carey
never used the stadimeter. Always judged
the distance with his naked eye.”

  A member of the court cleared his
throat. Another tapped the table top with
his pencil. The judge advocate sighed
within himself again.

  “That’s all,” he said finally.

  Carey’s counsel nodded. The president
of the court looked inquiringly at his con-
freres. Each shook his head in turn.

  The president made the routine admo-
nition regarding silence and Captain Ken-
nart left the room.

  Lieutenant, junior grade, Warren Carey
relaxed somewhat in his seat. He had felt
that his captain would do his best by
him. He thrilled with a growing faith in
his fellow man at this positive evidence
that despite what had occurred the cap-
tain bore no grudge. Yet had Captain

Kennart given testimony inspired by an
active hate, he could have found no fault.

  Hope again grew in his breast. These
officers about him, too, he had shopped
and partied with all over the China coast.
The admiral had ordered them on this
court. A regulation duty. They were to
ascertain facts, impartially weigh them,
give judgment in accordance with navy
law. This they would do, Carey knew.
Yet when one’s fate is to be settled by
real men, mercy ever tempers justice. Real
men can understand.

  A fluttering breath escaped Carey, nev-
ertheless.

  He dared not succumb to optimism.
Between him and these others, all other
men indeed, he still sensed something in-
explicable, as if he were befogged in vibra-
tions of a different plane. He could not
see this clouding envelope. It was a thing
to be felt, but not by a normal percep-
tive faculty. He wondered if he really dif-
fered in any strange way from ordinary
men. It appeared almost that he did.

  He shuddered slightly in recollection
of that night on the lower Yangtze when
he. and only he, had seen those lights.
Every man who had been on the bridge
when the thing had occurred had sworn
to having seen not a single light. He.
Carey, witness at the captain’s own trial,
had been alone in the affirmative. He had
not been told this of course. Yet instinc-
tively he knew it must be so. That night
they had declared themselves. Before the
court they assuredly had done the same
thing.

  Another witness was summoned.

  Through the haze of strange introspec-
tion Carey heard fragments of his testi-
mony.

Copyrighted, J922. bu The Frank A. Muneey Co.
78
LIGHTS

" 79

  To think that this companion of many
an upper Yangtze rice-bird hunt, this doc-
tor who had brought him through the
dengue fever down in Cavite, should now
have to vouch for him in a general court.
To think—could something about him
really be different from other men? Was
he—gifted? Why had it been given to him,
and him only, to see what had been with-
held from the sight of all other men on
the ship—those lights? Or was he prone
to temporary hallucination such as his
captain pityingly had hinted in an en-
deavor to extenuate his—Carey’s—crime?
And was the medico now—

   “No.” The doctor’s voice rose. “I have
fished, hunted, shopped, seen the sights
with Carey, and doctored him, for the
last year and a half. He is not insane.”
Carey’s heart leaped in gratitude at the
man’s vehement assertion. The medico,
too, was a man!

  But—insane!

  Surely the court had understood the
captain’s hint. Not by any possible chance
could they bring that dread judgment of
his case. Never!

   And yet—he, and only he, had been the
man to see. And then, that trouble with
the captain. Carey shook his head. Surely
he had not been even temporarily mad.
Persons laboring under mental delusions
promptly forgot, he had heard, the vaga-
ries of their period of aberration. And too
clearly could he still recall those lights,
still envision that horrid struggle on the
destroyer’s bridge. From the first order
he had given the man at the wheel every
incident was indelibly impressed on his
memory, and with a clarity not to be con-
futed. Even to the final catastrophe and
the terror inspired by the crew. No, no,
the medico was quite right. He, Carey,
was not insane.

   Yet, somehow, he was the only one.

   Dimly the doctor’s voice drifted again
through the cloud.

  “No, sir.” He was answering the judge
advocate’s question. “I tested Carey’s eyes
when he went up for full lieutenanT just
before we sailed from the Philippines.

 They were perfect then. And I examined
 them yesterday again. His eyes are per-
 fect now.”

   Carey quivered slightly. If it wasn’t his
 eyes what could it be?

   The captain had declared that he was
 a trustworthy seaman; the medico swore
 that he was neither insane nor visually
 defective. Then what? He had seen.

   And ever since the thing had occurred
 he had been in this daze. He could not
 understand.

 THE judge advocate put another ques-
 lion.

  The doctor answered with promptness
 and certitude.

   “Yes, I have heard of such cases. They
 are not of uncommon occurrence. I have
 heard them discussed in many a ward-
 room. Last spring, when the division was
 proceeding from Manila to Lingayen Gulf
 for torpedo practice there happened an
 instance of it. I was on the flagboat, lead-
 ing the column. It was during the first
 watch. I was on the bridge, and the cap-
 tain and navigator were there with the
 officer of the deck.

  “We had just rounded Cape Bolinao
 and expected to pick up the light across
 the gulf. We were all peering dead ahead
 —there’s always a little rivalry to sight
 a light first. The division commander or-
 dered one-third speed until we got a bear-
 ing on that light. Then he was going to
 turn column right and go down the gulf
 and anchor off Dagupan.

  “For half an hour every man on the
 bridge gazed straight ahead and strained
 to see the light we knew must show up.
 Suddenly one of the men on the lookout
 sang out that he saw it. He pointed almost
 due west, about a point on the port bow.
 We all strove to make it out. The lookout
 insisted it was there. Then one after an-
 other we saw it. It was an occulting light,
 and we could even discern its pulsations
 and check its rate. The column swung
 south at standard speed.

  “Ten minutes later we had to change
 course several degrees to westward to avoid
80

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 going on the beach. The next day we re-
 ceived a radio to the effect that that light
 had not been in order for two nights. Yet
 we had seen it. We had expected it to be
 there, and our straining eyes had actually
 envisioned the thing. It’s a common
 enough occurrence, as I said before. The
 eye often sees what we want it to see.”

  The members of the court nodded un-
derstand! ngly. The judge advocate made a
pertinent query.

  “Is it really the eye that sees this spec-
ter of a light that doesn’t exist?”

  The doctor shook his head.

  “I would say not,” he answered slowly.
“In my estimation it is not the eye that
sees it at all. It’s the brain behind the
eye. The brain knows that the light ought
to be seen and deludes itself into the be-
lief that it actually does see it. No, it’s
the brain in such a case rather than the
eye.”

  “But in the defendant’s case,” came
the .logical question, “there was no such
expectation. How do you account for
that?”

  The doctor shrugged his shoulders.
Carey moved uneasily in his chair.

  That was the very question that had
troubled him ever since that night a week
ago. He had not expected to see the things
that so clearly impressed themselves on
his vision. He had not even been thinking
about such a thing. The lower reaches of
the Yangtze had few enough lights; and
sparse were ships that ran the river at
night. His own destroyer had attempted
it solely because ordered down from Che-
foo for emergency missionary protection
upstream. For above Hankow was a local
uprising led by a Taoist priesthood. The
river gunboats were five hundred miles
farther up stream, and turtle slow. The
destroyer, though north in Pechili Gulf,
could reach the threatened area first. So
they had entered the river’s upper channel
at night. .

  No, he had not expected to see a thing.
And yet of the half dozen men on the
bridge he had, and only he. The medico
had just stated that such hallucination

was of the brain rather than the eye.
Could it have been his brain—his alone?
The_fog closed in upon Carey again. He
found it hard to think.

  “In the defendant’s case,” he felt more
than heard the doctor say, “I find no
precedent. I can simply testify that he is
a steady man, entirely sane, and has per-
fect eyesight. And yet I do believe that
he was dead certain that he saw those
lights. And as certain, too, that the others
did not. What he saw must have been a
delusion of the mind, yet of a mind that
was normal. Such things also do occur.
Yet his eyes are perfect, and he is as bal-
anced mentally as any officer here.”

  Carey’s hands bit into each other.

  His captain was for him. And now the
medico.

  And yet—and yet? What could the
court do? He had committed a crime for
which in olden days he might have hanged.
And his excuse for the offense was what?
Simply that he had seen something that
no other man had seen. The mere fact
that the catastrophe he saw coming over-
whelmed them on the very heels of the
captain’s interference could have but little
weight with a court that must decide his
fate on tangible fact.

  And yet—good Heaven, it must be ex-
cuse enough! He had seen the lights, the
captain had interfered, disaster had fol-
lowed. It would not have closed upon them
had the captain let him alone. Surely the
court must understand that. He had ex-
plained it all so carefully, in minutest de-
tail, when his counsel had put him on the
stand as witness in his own behalf.

  The doctor was dismissed. The court
was cleared.

II

C^AREY had the freedom of the ship.
For a moment he felt that the fresh
breeze sweeping from the rice paddies of
the lower Whampoo and the Yangtze be-
yond would clear his head and give a little
friendly stimulation. Then he recalled that
other officers would be topside. Friends
they all were, indeed. But Carey did not
LIGHTS

81

desire brotherly companionship just now,
nor did he care to feel the pitying glances
of old shipmates. He wanted to be alone;
to think; to go over again the events of
the past week; of that night. He turned
down the passageway to the stateroom as-
signed him since the disaster. Now that
he was away from the atmosphere of the
court he already felt better.

  The doctor had said that his eyes were
normal. He had also declared that his
brain was as rational as that of any officer
on the court—a fine thing and a daring
one for a destroyer medical officer to say.
He must have meant it, must have wanted
to strongly impress the court with his ear-
nestness and his belief. Carey drew a
breath of relief.

  Good eyes, good mind. The chill fog
that in fear for the “latter had penetrated
his very being, gradually began to dissi-
pate.

  How clearly it all came back.

  He had been officer of the deck. The
captain had snatched a hasty meal from
the food brought up by his Filipino boy
to the emergency cabin on the bridge.
The navigator had plotted changes of
course, and was below finishing off his
coffee with the other officers.

  A half hour remained of the second dog
watch. Carey had been going over some
points he wished to impress upon the
chief boatswain’s mate when he took the
eight o’clock reports. A tear in the awn-
ing canvas where it stretched tight over
the freezing apparatus on top of the ice
locker just abaft the bridge was one of
these.

  The awning was beginning to flap, and
this night Carey demanded silence on the
bridge. He could sense better, then, any
variation in the hum of the forced draft
blowers. And in the currents of the lower
Yangtze all things must be anticipated.
The officer of the deck must know as soon
as the fire-room watch that something was
going wrong. Must have the fo’c’s’le gang
ready to let go the anchor even before
word of the lost steam came through the
voice tube.

  He stood on the starboard side of the
bridge, near the rack of tubes, leaning on
the sill of the open port. Fleet sparks from
the captain’s pipe indicated his almost
identical position near the engine room
telegraphs to port. Carey was almost
tempted to call the boatswain’s mate at
once to have that awning repaired. He
had all but turned to give the order when
his eye caught something yet dim in the
distance.

  For a minute or more he gazed steadily
at the object. Then, from where they were
hanging on one of the searchlight direct-
ing wheels on the bulkhead of the emer-
gency cabin, he took up his binoculars.
Faintly through the glass he could make
out that there were three lights instead
of one.

  He softly called the starboard lookout.
“Do you see any lights about three points
on the bow?” he asked. “Pretty far off?”

  The lookout stared into the blackness
of the night, blinking as the damp breeze
bedewed his eyelashes. Then he shook his
head. “No, sir.”

  “Try the glass,” Carey suggested.

  The lad shook his head as before.

  “Don’t see a thing, sir.”

  “Certain of it?” demanded Carey.

  “Absolutely, sir,” was the answer.

CAREY remembered all this with ex-
treme clearness—every detail. Lying
on the bunk in his stateroom, he found
himself living over again that fifteen-
minute period in which so much had hap-
pened.

  He had taken the binoculars from the
lookout, and ordered him back to his post.
Then he glanced at the clock on the emer-
gency cabin bulkhead just behind the man
at the wheel. This was a matter of habit.
There was nothing to record. He had not
expected to see any lights, anyway. And
the flapping of the canvas over the ice
locker did not disconcert him now. It had
become part of the normal respiration of
the ship, and Carey decided that he would
not disturb the boatswain’s mate about it
until the eight o’clock reports.
82

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  He turned back to his open port, but
discovered the captain staring out into the
blackness, charging his pipe with one of
the patent fillers he had bought from the
Greek in Chefoo. He paused tentatively at
his elbow, undecided whether to stay there
or assume the captain’s former position
near the annunciators.

  Then something urged him to remain.
The captain acknowledged his presence
with a grunt.

  “Did you see something?”

  Carey nodded rather hesitantly.
“Thought I did, sir. Looked to me like
a ship’s light off to starboard.”

  The captain lifted his binoculars and
focused them in the direction Carey had
indicated. The latter raised his own glass.
He recalled that he gave an exclamation
of surprise.

  “The lights are there, sir, all right.
Seem nearer now, too.”

  “Humph! I don’t make anything out,”
grunted the captain.

  Carey stepped back of him and leveled
an arm over his shoulder with the edge
of his hand up, as in aiming.

  “About two points on the bow, sir. Left
a trifle, captain. There—that’s it. See
them now, sir?”

  Intently the captain gazed, slowly
changing focus with his forefinger on the
adjusting wheel. Then he dropped the
glass.

  “Don’t see a thing, Carey.”

  He bent to gain the protection of the
bulkhead, and a match scratched, then
glowed over his pipe.

  “That’s funny,” Carey answered, some-
what mystified.

  He wondered if perhaps his last look
at the light-flooded chart had left dancing
gleams on the retina of his eye. He care-
fully wiped his eyes with his handkerchief,
and cleaned the binoculars with a bit of
lens paper. Then raised them again—and
started.

  “But the lights are close now, captain.”
He lowered his glass slightly. “Why, I can
see them with my naked eye! Right there,
sir.” He leveled his arm again.

  “Hanged if I can see ’em, Carey. But
this river breeze blurs everything. Let’s
try jfCur glass.”

  Carey ducked from under the leather
strap and handed the binoculars over. The
captain rapidly found focus, then shook
his head again.

  “Not a thing, not a thing. Better have
your eyes examined, young fellow.”

  “But they’re holding steady, captain!”
Carey expostulated. “A ship as clear as
day. Heading from starboard across our
course. I can see her masthead and port
running light. And cabin lights topside.”
Suddenly he swung to the wheelsman.
“What’s your compass?”

  “Right on, sir. Two forty-eight.”
“Come on two sixty,” Carey ordered.
“What’s that?” demanded the captain.
“Get the time of that change, quarter-
master,” snapped Carey. Then in answer
to the captain: “Shifting course a bit to
right, sir. She’s got the right of way, and
there’s no use taking any chances.”
“Who’s got the right of way?” the cap-
tain demanded again.

  “That ship, sir—”

  “Dammit, Carey, your eyes must have
gone bad. There’s no ship in sight.”

  “But, Captain Kennart—”•

  The captain turned sharply to the
wheelsman.

  “Back on your former course!” To the
quartermaster: “Get that time.” He swung
back to the open port, and snapped for
the lookouts. Sensing something unusual
in the very atmosphere, the whole bridge
force was now tensely on the alert. “Do
you lads see anything ahead—lights?”

  All hands intently stared out into the
blackness of the night.

  Their opinion was unanimous. “Not a
thing, sir.”

  Carey gave a cry of alarm. “Captain!”
He turned savagely on the man at the
wheel. “Fifteen degrees right. On the
jump now!”

  The captain’s suddenly livid face glared
in the glow of the binnacle light.

  “Dammit, sir, get off the bridge!” he
cried peremptorily. To the wheelsman:
LIGHTS

83

“Back to your former course. Snap into
it! You’re taking your orders from me
now. Lively!”

   Carey recalled how the men had looked
 at each other in consternation. He recalled
 his own utter dismay. For the first time
 in his career he was ordered off the bridge.
 That ship—lights looming up now not a
 cable length away. Holding steadily on
 the same angle—collision sure! And he,
 officer of the deck, when the life of his
 ship was a matter of seconds and every
 one blind but him, ordered below. Good
 Heaven 1 It meant shipwreck; the captain
 was bound for destruction. Mad! He re-
 solved on one last frantic appeal.

   “But Great God, captain—it’s on our
very bows! We’ll hit sure! We’ll—”

  The captain turned on him with an
oath. Then as Carey stood his ground the
captain’s face became hard and grim. A
deadly implication chilled in the ice-level
tone his voice held.

   “Mr. Carey, consider yourself under
arrest. You’re either mutinous or mad.
This will be reported when we finish the
business up river and return to Shanghai.
Get out!”

   The lights were within a hundred yards,
 Carey saw. He was ordered off in dis-
 grace. The captain was mad himself. The
 whole bridge force had gone mad. That
 ship—

   His answer was literally forced from
him. “By Heaven, sir, I will not leave!”
he cried in utter desperation.

   And he leaped to the annunciators and
 jerked the signals for both engines to full
 reverse. Then jumped for the steering
 gear, shoved the man aside, and madly
 spun the wheel to starboard.

   With an oath the captain seized him,
cried to the lookout to drag him below.
A struggle ensued. The ship throbbed as
the power of thirty thousand horses strove
to stop its forward rush. Carey remem-
bered the cloud of horror and impotence
that almost overcame him. His one
thought was for the ship, and of the ves-
sel even now across their knifelike sTem.

   He recalled his last hopeless words, for-

getful of naval discipline and the men
about.

  “The lights! Too late! Too late! Cap-
tain, you damn fool—”

  And then the crash had come.

III

LYING in the bunk, the racking shock
of it was a physical blow again.
Carey recalled sickeningly his own release
—too late. The startled outcries of the
men; the intermittent raucous honking of
the general alarm some one had retained
command enough to switch on from the
bridge. The shrill piping of the boatswain’s
mate, his bellowing roar of: “All hands
abandon ship!”

  And then the siren’s scream.

  His station in such an emergency was
in charge of No. 2 life raft. Later he found
himself clinging to this bobbing float,
mind and body benumbed by the whisper-
ing waves of the swirling Yangtze.

  Rescue. Court martial.

  The captain for the loss of his ship. He
himself for mutinous insubordination.

  And yet—he had seen those lights.

  A fog gathered about him again.

IV

PULSATIONS beat upon his brain.
Dimly he recognized them as rapid
footsteps in the passageway outside his
room. He aroused somewhat as his door
was flung open and a shipmate burst in
upon him. Blinking, he noted that the
newcomer was excited to an extreme.

  “News, by thunder, news for you, War-
ren ! The admiral says he’s going to quash
every court martial that came out of the
wreck. News from the divers down the
river just came up, and set him all in a
daze. He’s pacing the deck now. We did
not hit an uncharted rock last week, War-
ren. We tore our bottom out on the hulk
of the Kew Li, whose boilers blew up,
and only two men left to tell the tale.
And what gets the admiral, Warren, is
that you swore you saw those lights on
the night of the wreck, but the Kew Li
went down four months ago!”
The Conquest of
           the Moon Pool

By A. MERRITT

                  Author of "The Metal Monster,” “The Face In the Abyss.” etc.

           Dr. Goodwin presses further into the labyrinth of the
           Moon Pool, to discover a fantastic subterranean empire

     Part II	CHAPTER VII

What happened before:

  Following the strange and inexplicable
disappearance of Mr. David Throckmartin’s
wife, his associate, Dr. Stanton, and his
wife’s maid, Thora HeJverson, in the un-
canny depths of the Moon Pool, Throck-
martin implored Dr. Walter T. Goodwin to
rescue them. Short!)' after he saw Throck-
martin himself snatched from the deck of
their ship by a weird entity of living light—
the dread Dweller of the Moon Pool.

  Determined to rescue the four victims,
Goodwin sails to the island of Nan-Matal,
where lies the entrance to the cavern of the
Moon Pool.

  While proceeding toward the island of
Nan-Matal, and the cavern in which was
the Moon Pool, in the little sailing vessel,
Sutvarna, on the way he rescued Olaf Iluld-
ricksson from an abandoned vessel. Olaf
told them that a “sparkling devil” had come
down the path of the moon and taken his
wife and his little daughter.

  On learning Dr. Goodwin’s mission, Olaf
consented to join him. With Larry O'Keefe
of the Royal Air Force, whom they picked
up from his wrecked hydroplane the next
day, they landed on Nan-Matal.

  The full of the moon was past, but by
means of light condensers Dr. Goodwin
managed to focus the moon rays in suffi-
cient strength to cause the rock door to
the Moon Pool to open. Scarcely had it
done so when Olaf, shrieking, rushed
through the portal. A rifle cracked. The
next moment a figure catapulated out of
the shadows, and in a second O’Keefe and
the stranger were struggling on the thresh-
old of the Moon Door.

  They rolled past the opened slab, Dr.
Goodwin following.

  The great rock door swung to, and they
found themselves imprisoned in the lair of
the Dweller.

THE MOON POOL

“TARRY!” I cried, turning to O’Keefe,
       “the stone has shut! We’re
       caught!”

  O’Keefe took a brisk step toward the
barrier behind us. There was no mark of
juncture with the shining walls; the slab
fitted into the sides as closely as a mosaic.

  “It’s shut all right,” said Larry. “But if
there’s a way in, there’s a way out. Any-
way, Doc, we’re right in the pew we’ve
been heading for, so why worry?” He grin-
ned at me cheerfully, and although I could
not accept his light-hearted view of the
situation, I felt a twinge of shame for my
momentary panic. T-he man on the floor
groaned, and O’Keefe dropped swiftly to
his knees beside him.

  “Von Hetzdorp!” he said.

  At my exclamation he moved aside,
turning the face so I could see it. It was
clearly German, and just as clearly its
possessor was a man of considerable force
and intellectuality.

  The strong, massive brow with orbital
ridge unusually developed, the dominant,
high-bridged nose, the straight lips with
their more than suggestion of latent
cruelty, and the strong lines of the jaw
beneath a black, pointed beard all gave
evidence that here was a personality be-
yond the ordinary. The hair was closely
cropped on the square head, and the short,
stocky body with its deep chest and ab-
normal length of torso as compared to the

Copyrighted, 1919, by The Frank A. Munecy Co.
84
legs, indicated extraordinary vitality.

  Unscrupulous, I thought, looking down
upon him, remorseless, crafty, and with a
brain as unmoral as is science itself.

  “Couldn’t be anybody else,” said Larry.
“He must have been watching us over
there from Chau-ta-leur’s vault all the
time. When he saw that we had the slab
open I suppose he figured that now we had
picked the chestnuts out of the fire, he’d
better collect ’em all for himself. So he
took a pot shot at me first, and meant to
get you and Olaf next. But his aim was bad
—too good, rather—and when he saw what

he’d done he took a crazy chance.”

  The man on the corridor’s floor stirred,
and swiftly O’Keefe ran practised hands
over his body; then stood erect, holding
out to me two wicked-looking magazine
pistols and a knife. “He got one of my
bullets through his right forearm, too,” he
said. “Just a flesh wound, but it made him
drop his rifle. Some arsenal, our little Ger-
man scientist, what?”

  I opened my medical kit and knelt be-
side Von Hetzdorp—if indeed it was he.
The wound was a slight one, and Larry
stood looking on as I bandaged it.

Golden-eyed Lakla stood looking
down at the sleeping Larry, and
all about her were other eyes. . .

85
86

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  “Got another one of those condensers
the Heinie here broke?” he asked me sud-
denly. “And do you suppose Olaf will know
enough to use it?”

  And then it dawned upon me that
O'Keefe could not have heard, as I had, the
Norseman race into the moon door’s pas-
sage before the door had closed! I arose
swiftly.

  “Larry,” I answered, “Olaf’s not out-
side! He’s in here somewhere!”

  His jaw dropped.

  “Didn’t you hear him shriek when the
stone opened?” I asked.

  “I heard him yell, yes,” he said. “But I
didn’t know what was the matter. And then
this wildcat jumped me—” He paused and
his eyes widened. “Which way did he go?”
he asked swiftly. I pointed down the
faintly glowing passage.

  “There’s only one way,” I said.

  “Watch that bird close,” hissed O’Keefe,
pointing to Von Hetzdorp—and pistol in
hand stretched his long legs and raced
away. I looked down at the German. His
eyes were open and he reached out a hand
to me. I lifted him to his feet.

  “I have heard,” he said. “We follow,
quick. If you will take my arm, please, I
am shaken yet, yes—” I gripped his shoul-
der without a w'ord, and the two of us set
off down the corridor after Larry. Von
Hetzdorp was gasping, and his weight pres-
sed upon me heavily, but he moved with
all the will and strength that was in him.

AS WE ran I took hasty note of the
tunnel. I saw' that its sides were
smooth and polished, and that the light
seemed to come not from their surfaces,
but from far within them—giving to the
walls an illusive aspect of distance and
depth; rendering them spacious in a pecul-
iarly weird way. The passage turned,
twisted, ran down, turned again. It came
to me that the light that illumined the
tunnel was given out by tiny points deep
within the stone, sprang from the points
ripplingly and spread upon their polished
faces. Involuntarily I stopped to look more
closely.

  “Hurry,” gasped Von Hetzdorp. “Ex-
plain that later—etheric vibration—set up
in fRat composition—stones really etheric
lights—stupendous! Hurry!”

  Through his panting speech broke a
cry from far ahead. It was Larry’s voice.

  “Olaf!”

  I gripped Von Hetzdorp’s arm closer and
we sped on. Now we were coming fast to
the end of the passage. Before us was a
high arch, and through it I glimpsed a dim,
shifting luminosity as of mist filled with
rainbows. We reached the portal and I
drew myself up short, almost tripping the
German. For what I was looking into was
a chamber that might have been trans-
ported from that enchanted palace of the
Jinn King that rises beyond the magic
mountains of Kaf.

  It was filled with a shimmering, pris-
matic lambency that thickened in the dis-
tances to impenetrable veils of fairy opales-
cence. It was a shrine of sorcery!

  Before me stood O’Keefe, and a dozen
feet in front of him, Huldricksson, with
something clasped tightly in his arms. The
Norseman’s feet were at the verge of a
shining, silvery lip of stone within whose
oval lay a blue pool. And down upon this
pool staring upward like a gigantic eye,
fell seven pillars of fantom light—one of
them amethyst, one- of rose, another of
white, a fourth of blue, and three of
emerald, of silver and of amber. They fell
each upon the azure surface, and I knew
that these were the seven streams of radi-
ance, within which the Dweller took shape
—now but pale ghosts of their brilliancy
when the full energy of the moon stream
raced through them.

  Then Huldricksson bent and placed on
the shining silver lip of the Pool that w'hich
he held, and I saw that it was the body of
a child! He set it there so gently, bent
over the side and thrust a hand down into
the water. And as he did so he stiffened
strangely, moaned and lurched against the
little body that lay before him. Instantly
the form moved, and slipped over the verge
into the blue. Rigid with horror, I w atched
Huldricksson recover himself and throw
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

87

his body over the stone, hands clutching,
arms thrust deep down. And then I heard
from his lips a long-drawn, heart-shriveling
cry of pain and of anguish that held in it
nothing human!

  Close on its wake came a cry from Von
Hetzdorp.

  “Gotti” shrieked the German. “Drag
him back! Quick!”

  He leaped forward, but before he could
half clear the distance, O’Keefe had leaped,
too, had caught the Norseman by the
shoulders and toppled him backward,
where he lay whimpering and sobbing.
And as I rushed behind the German I saw
Larry lean over the lip of the Pool and
cover his eyes with a shaking hand; saw
Von Hetzdorp peer down into it with real
pity in his cold eyes; heard him murmur,
“Das armes Kind! Ach! das armes Kleine
Madchen!”

THEN I stared down, myself, into the
Moon Pool, and there, sinking, sink-
ing, was a little maid whose dead face and
fixed, terror-filled eyes looked straight into
mine; and ever sinking slowly, slowly—
vanished! And I knew that this was Olaf’s
Freda, his beloved “yndling” whose mother
had snatched her up from the Brunhilda’s
deck when the Dweller had wrapped its
awesome, coruscating folds about her, and
had drawn her, the child still in her arms,
along the moonbeam path to where we
stood.

  But where was the mother, and where
had Olaf found his babe?

  Simultaneously, it seemed, we straight-
ened ourselves, the three of us, and looked
into each other’s faces; each of us, yes,
even Von Hetzdorp, shaken to the heart.
The German was first to speak.

  “You have nitroglycerin there, yes?” he
asked, pointing toward my medical kit that
I had gripped unconsciously and carried
with me during the mad rush down the
passage. I nodded and drew it out.

  “Hypodermic,” he ordered next, curtly;
took the syringe, filled it accurately-with
its one one-hundredth of a grain dosage,
and leaned over Huldricksson, who, with

  arms held out rigidly, was fighting for
breath as though a great weight lay on his
chest. He rolled up the sailor’s sleeves half-
way to the shoulder. The arms were white
with that same strange semitranslucence
that 1 had seen on Throckmartin’s breast
where a tendril of the Dweller had touched
him. His hands were of the same whiteness
—like a baroque pearl. Above the line of
white, standing out like marble on the
bronzed arms, Von Hetzdorp thrust the
needle.

  “He will need all his heart can do,” he
said to me.

  Then he reached down into a belt about
his waist and drew from it a small, flat
flask of what seemed to be lead. He opened
it and let a few drops of its contents fall
on each arm of the Norwegian. The liquid
sparkled and instantly began to spread
over the skin much as oil or gasoline drop-
ped on water does, only far more rapidly.
And as it spread it seemed to draw a
sparkling film over the tainted flesh and
little wisps of vapor rose from it.

  The Norseman’s mighty chest heaved
with agony, and I could see the over-
stimulated heart beating in a great pulse
in his throat. He strove to rise to his feet,
but his weakness was too great. His hands
clenched. The German gave a grunt of
satisfaction at this, dropped a little more
of the liquid, and then, watching closely,
grunted again and leaned back. Huld-
ricksson’s labored breathing ceased, his
head dropped upon Larry’s knee, and from
his arms and hands the whiteness swiftly
withdrew.

  Von Hetzdorp arose and contemplated
us, almost benevolently.

  “He will all right be in five minutes,”
he said. “I khow. I do it to pay for that
shot of mine, and also because we will need
him. Yes.” He turned to Larry. “You have
a poonch like a mule kick, my young
friend,” he said. “Some time you pay me
for that shot, eh?” He smiled; and the
quality of the grimace was not exactly
reassuring. Larry looked him over quiz-
zically.

“You’re Von Hetzdorp, of course,” he
88

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

said. The German nodded, betraying no
surprise at the recognizition.

  “And you?” he asked.

  “Lieutenant O’Keefe of the Royal Fly-
ing Corps,” replied Larry, saluting. “And
this gentleman is Dr. Walter T. Goodwin.”

  Von Hetzdorp’s face brightened.

  “The American botanist?” he queried.
I nodded.

  “Ach!” cried Von Hetzdorp eagerly;
“but this is fortunate. Long I have desired
to meet you. Your work, for an American,
is most excellent; surprising—”

  Huldricksson interrupted him. The big
seaman had risen stiffly to his feet and
stood with Larry’s arm supporting him.
He stretched out his hands to me.

  “I saw her,” he whispered. “I saw mine
Freda when the stone swung. She lay there,
just at my feet. I picked her up and I saw
that mine Freda was dead. But I hoped—
and I thought maybe mine Helma was
somewhere here, too. So I ran with mine
yndling, here—” His voice broke.

  “I thought maybe she was not dead.”
he went on. “And I saw that.” He pointed
to the Moon Pool. “And I thought I would
bath her face and she might li'-e aea;n.
And when I dipped my hands within, the
life left them, and cold, deadly cold, ran
up through them into my heart. And mine
Freda she fell.” He covered his eyes, and
dropping his head on O’Keefe’s shoulder,
stood, racked by sobs that seemed to tear
at his very soul.

CHAPTER VIII

THE FLAME-TIPPED SHADOWS

VON HETZDORP nodded his head
solemnly as Olaf finished.

  “Jat” he said. “That which comes from
here took them both—the woman and the
child. Jat They came clasped within it
and the stone shut upon them. But why it
left the child behind I do not understand.”

  Larry was watching him, in his eyes in-
credulous indignation and amazement.

  “You, too, try to tell me that something
carried a woman and a child from a ship

  hundreds of miles away, through the air
over the seas to here?” he cried, an edge
of contempt in his voice. “Something that
Dr. Goodwin has said is made of—moon-
shine—carried a strong woman and a child
How do you know?”

  “Because I saw it,” answered Von Hetz-
dorp simply. “Not only did I see it, but
hardly had I time to make escape through
the entrance before it passed whirling and
murmuring and its bell sounds all joyous.
Ja! It was what you call the squeak close,
that.”

  “Wait a moment,” I said, stilling Larry
with a gesture. “Do I understand you to
say that you were within this place?”

Von Hetzdorp actually beamed upon me.
“Ja, Dr. Goodwin,” he said, “I went in
when that which comes from it went out!"

  I gaped at him, stricken dumb. Into
Larry’s bellicose attitude crept a suggestion
of grudging respect. Olaf, trembling,
watched silently.

  “Dr. Goodwin and my impetuous young
friend, you,” went on Von Hetzdorp, “it
is time that we have an understanding. I
have a proposition to make to you, also.
It is this; we are what you call a bad boat,
and all of us are in it. Ja! Also in this
troublous water we find ourself we need all
hands, is it not so? Let us put together our
knowledge and our brains and resource,”
he looked wickedly at O’Keefe, “and pull
our boat into quiet waters again. After
that—”

  “All very well, Von Hetzdorp,” inter-
jected Larry angrily, “but I don’t feel very
safe in any boat with somebody capable
of shooting me through the back.”

  Von Hetzdorp waved a deprecating
hand.

  “It was natural,” he said; “logical, yes.
Here is a very great secret, perhaps many
secrets to Germany invaluable. You are an
enemy of Germany, although why as an
Irishman you should be I do not know.”

  I	considered the German’s proposition.
After all, what else was there to do? He
was undoubtedly a man of resource and
courage, and, as he said, possessed of
special information regarding the phenom-
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

- 89

ena I had come to seek. What good would
there be in—disposing of him? But how
much could he be trusted? Larry echoed
my thoughts:

   “In effect, Goodwin, the professor’s prop-
 osition is this,” he said: “He wants to
 know what it is that’s going on here, and
 he knows he can’t do it by himself. Also he
 knows we have the drop on him. We’re
 three to his one, and we have all his hard-
 ware and cutlery.”

   There was almost a twinkle in Von Hetz-
 dorp’s eyes. As Larry ended he bowed.

   “It is not just as I would have put it,
 perhaps,” he said, “but in its skeleton he
 was right. Nor will I turn my hand against
 you while we are still in danger here. I
 pledge you my honor on this!”

   I glanced at Larry half doubtfully and
 back at the German.- Then I thrust out a
 hand to him. He gripped it, dropped it,
 and thrust his to Larry. The Irishman hesi-
 tated then with a laugh, took it.

   “But I’ll just keep the guns, professor,”
 he said. Von Hetzdorp bowed again.

   “Now,” he said, “to prove my good faith
 1 will tell you what I know. Something I
 knew of what was occurring here before I
 was sent”—he corrected himself hurriedly
 —“before I came. I found the secret of the
 door mechanism even as you did, Dr.
 Goodwin. But by carelessness, my conden-
 sers were broken. I was forced to wait while
 I sent for others, and the waiting might be
 for months. I took certain precautions, and
 on the first night of this full moon I hid
 myself within the vault of Chau-ta-leur.
 There is”—he hesitated—“there is a some-
 thing there also which I do not quite un-
 derstand that—protects. But I did not
 know this when I first hid myself, neinf
 All I thought was that I could see from
 there and perhaps come through.”

AN INVOLUNTARY thrill of respect
for the man went through me at the
manifest heroism of this leap of his in the
dark. I could see it reflected in Larry’s
face.

  “I hid in the vault,” continued Von
Hetzdorp, “and I saw that which comes

 from here come out. I waited long hours.
 At last, when the moon was low, I saw it
 return—ecstatically—with a man, a native,
 in embrace enfolded. It passed through the
 door, and soon then the moon became low
 and the door closed. I had found it difficult,
 and had it not been for whatever it is of
 protection there in the vault—” He hesi-
 tated again, perplexedly.

  “The next night,” he went on, “more
confidence was mine, yes. And after that
which comes had gone, I looked through
its open door. I said, ‘It will not return
for three hours. While it is away, why shall
I not into its home go through the door it
has left open?’ So I went—even to here.

I looked at the pillars of light and I tested
the liquid of the Pool on which they fell,
and what I found led me to believe the
shape of light emerged from there.”

   I started. Evidently then, he did not
know just how the Dweller materialized
from the Pool. He saw my movement and
interpreted it correctly.

  “You know how it comes?” he asked
eagerly.

   “Yes,” I answered. “Later, I will tell
you.”

   “I analyzed that liquid,” he went on,
“and then I knew I had been right in one
phase at least of my theory. That liquid,
Dr. Goodwin, is not water, and it is not
any fluid known on earth.” He handed me
a small vial, its neck held in a long thong.

   “Take this,” he said, “and see.”

   Wonderingly, I took the bottle; dipped
it down into the Pool. The liquid was ex-
traordinarily light; seemed, in fact, to give
the vial buoyancy. I held it to the light.
It was striated, streaked, as though little
living, pulsing veins ran through it. And its
blueness even in the vial, held an intensity
of luminousness.

  “Radioactive,” said Von Hetzdorp.
“Some liquid that is intensely radioactive;
but what it is I know not at all. Upon the
living skin it acts like radium raised to the
nth power and with an element most
mysterious added. The solution with which
I treated him,” he pointed to Huldricks-
son, “I had prepared before I came here,
90

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

from information I had of what I might
find. It is largely salts of radium, and its
base is Loeb’s formula for the neutraliza-
tion of radium and X-ray burns. Taking
this man at once, before the degeneration
had become really active, I could negative
it. But after two hours I could have done
nothing.” He paused a moment.

  “Next I studied the nature of these
luminous walls. I concluded that whoever
had made them, knew the secret of the
Almighty’s manufacture of light from the
ether itself. Colossal! Ja! But the sub-
stance of these blocks confines an atomic
—how would you say?—atomic manipula-
tion, a conscious arrangement of electrons,
light-emitting, and perhaps indefinitely so.
These blocks are lamps in which oil and
wick are—electrons drawing light waves
from ether itself! A Prometheus, indeed,
this discoverer! Hein! Hardly had I con-
cluded these investigations before my
watch warned me to go. I went. That which
comes forth returned, this time empty-
handed.

  “And the next night I did the same
thing. Engrossed in research, I let the
moments go by to the danger point, and
scarcely was I replaced within the vault
when the shining thing raced over the
walls, and in its grip the woman and child.
Then you came, and that is all. And now,
what is it you know?”

  Very briefly I went over my story. His
eyes gleamed now and then, but he did not
interrupt me.

  “A great secret! A colossal secret!” he
said at last. “We cannot leave it hidden.”

  “The first thing to do is to try the door,”
said Larry, matter of fact.

  “There is no use, my young friend,”
said Von Hetzdorp mildly.

  “Nevertheless we’ll try,” said Larry.

  We retraced our way through the wind-
ing tunnel to the end, but soon even
O’Keefe saw that any idea of moving the
slab from within was hopeless. We re-
turned to the Chamber of the Pool. The
pillars of light were fainter, and we knew
that the moon was sinking. On the world
outside before long dawn would be break-

ing. I began to feel thirst, and the blue
semblance of water within the silvery room
seemed to glint mockingly as my eyes
rested on it.

   “Ja!” said Von Hetzdorp, reading my
 thoughts uncannily. “Ja! We will be
 thirsty. And it will be very bad for him of
 us who loses control and drinks of that,
 my friend!”

   Larry threw back his shoulders as
 though shaking a burden from them.

   “We’re four able-bodied men up against
 a bunch of moonshine and a lot of dead
 ones. Buck up, for Heaven’s sake!”

   “Do you suggest that we poonch our
 way out?” asked Von Hetzdorp mildly.

    “Forget that, professor,” answered Larry
 almost testily. “I suggest that we look
 around this place and find something that
 will take us somewhere. You can bet the
 people that built it had more ways of get-
 . ting in than that once-a-month family en-
 trance. Doc, you and Olaf explore the
 left wall; the professor and I will take the
 right.”

   He loosened one of his automatics with
 a suggestive movement.

    “After you, professor,” he said politely.
 And I knew that despite the German's ap-
 parent frankness and docility he did not
 trust him.

   Nor did I. And how much did Von Hetz-
 dorp really know? t wondered, as the
 Norseman and I started off. Clearly more
 than he had told us; and from whence had
 come the information that had been de-
 tailed enough to enable him to prepare an
 antidote for the exact effects the touch of
 the Moon Pool produced? So, wondering,
 I walked with Olaf, and then soon forgot
 my perplexity in the contemplation of that
 greater wonder which I was observing.

 THE chamber widened out from the
 portal in what' seemed to be the arc
 of an immense circle. The shining walls
 held a perceptible curve, and from this
 curvature I estimated that the roof was
 fully three hundred feet above us. It oc-
 curred to me that perhaps the Chamber
 of the Pool was shaped like half a hollow
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

91

 sphere, an inverted bowl. As we silently
 passed on, I was confirmed in this belief,
 for clearly we were circling. If I were right,
 the circumference of the place, reckoning
 the radius at three hundred feet, must be
 one thousand eight hundred feet, or a
 little less than a third of a mile.

   The floor was of smooth, mosaic-fitted
 blocks of a faintly yellow tinge. They were
 not light-emitting like the blocks that
 formed the walls. The radiance from these
 latter, I noted, had the peculiar quality of
 thickening a few yards from its source, and
 it was this that produced the effect of
 misty, veiled distances. As we walked, the
 seven columns of rays streaming down
 from the crystalline globes high above us
 waned steadily ; the glow within the cham-
 ber lost its prismatic shimmer and became
 an even gray tone somewhat like moon-
 light in a thin cloud.

   Now before us, out from the wall, jutted
 a low terrace. It was all of a pearly rose-
 colored stone, and above it, like a balus-
 trade, marched a row of slender, graceful
 pillars of the same hue. The face of the
 terrace was about ten feet high, and all
 over it ran a bas-relief of what looked
 - like short trailing vines, surmounted by five
 stalks, on the tip of each of which was a
 flower. Behind the vines ran a design of
 semiglobes from which branched delicate
 tendrils. I did not recognize the carved
 flowers; they were, I thought, some sym-
 bolization in which the true form of the
 original had been lost.

   How then could I have known the in-
L-redible thing which these stones pictured!

   We passed along the terrace. It turned
 in an abrupt curve. I heard a hail, and
 there, fifty feet away, at the curving end
 of a wall identical with that where we
 stood, were Larry and Von Hetzdorp. Ob-
 viously the left side of the chamber was
 a duplicate of that we had explored. We
 joined. In front of us the columned bar-
 riers ran back a hundred feet, forming an
 alcove. The end of this alcove was another
 wall of the same rose stone, but u^on it
 the design was much heavier.

   We took a step forward, and then stop-

 ped, every muscle rigid. There was a gasp
 of terrified awe from the Norseman, a gut-
 tural exclamation from Von Hetzdorp. For
 on, or rather within, the wall before us, a
 great oval began to glow, waxed almost to
 a flame, and then shone steadily out as
 though from behind it a light was stream-
 ing through the stone itself!

   Within the roseate oval two flame-tipped
shadows appeared, stood for a moment,
and then seemed to float out upon its sur-
face. The shadows wavered; the tips of
flame that nimbused them with flickering
points of violet and vermilion pulsed out-
ward, drew back, darted forth again, and
once more withdrew themselves. And as
they did so the shadows thickened, and
suddenly there before us stood two figures!

   One was a girl—a girl whose great eyes
were golden as the fabled lilies of Kwan-
Yung that were born of the kiss of the sun
upon the amber goddess the demons of
Lao-tse carved for him; whose softly
curved lips were red as the royal coral,
and whose golden-brown hair reached to
her knees.

  The second was a gigantic frog—a
woman frog, head helmeted with carapace
of shell around which a fillet of brilliant
yellow jewels shone; enormous round eyes
of blue circled with a broad iris of green;
monstrous body of banded orange and
white girdled with strand upon strand of
the flashing yellow gems; six feet high if
an inch, and with one webbed paw of its
short, powerfully muscled forelegs resting
upon the white shoulder of the golden-
eyed girl.

CHAPTER IX

“i’d follow her through hell!”

MOMENTS must have passed as we
stood in stark amazement, gazing at
that incredible apparition. The two figures,
although as real as any of those who stood
beside me, unfatomlike as it is possible to
be, had a distinct suggestion of—projec-
tion.

They were there before us—golden-eyed
92

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

girl and grotesque frog-woman—complete
in every line and curve. And still it was as
though their bodies passed back through
distances. As though, to try to express
the well-nigh inexpressible, the two shapes
we were looking upon were the end of an
infinite number stretching in fine linked
chain far away, of which the eyes saw only
the nearest, while in the brain some faculty
higher than sight recognized and registered
the unseen others.

  It crossed my mind that so we three-
dimensional beings might appear to those
dwellers in the hypothetical two-dimen-
sional space we use to help us conceive
the fourth dimension. And yet there was
nothing of any metaphysical fourth di-
mension about them; they were actualities
—real, breathing, complete.

  The gigantic eyes' of the frog-woman
took us all in, unwinkingly. I could see
little glints of phosphorescence shine out
within the metallic green of the outer iris
ring. She stood upright, her great legs
bowed, the monstrous slit of a mouth
slightly open, revealing a row of white
teeth sharp and pointed as lancets; the
paw resting on the girl’s shoulder, half
covering its silken surface, and from its
five webbed digits long yellow claws of
polished horn glistening against the deli-
cate texture of the flesh.

  But if the frog-woman regarded us all,
not so did the maiden of the rosy wall.
Her eyes were fastened upon Larry, drink-
ing him in with extraordinary intentness.
She was tall, far over the average of
woman, almost as tall, indeed, as O’Keefe
himself; not more than twenty years old,
if that, I thought. Abruptly she leaned
forward, the golden eyes softened and grew
tender; the red lips moved as though she
were speaking.

  Larry took a quick step, and his face was
that of one who after countless births
comes at last upon the twin soul lost to
him for ages. The frog woman turned her
eyes upon the girl; her huge lips moved,
and I knew that she was talking! The girl
held out a warning hand to O’Keefe, and
then raised it, resting each finger upon

one of the five flowers of the carved vine
close beside her. Once, twice, three times,
she-pressed upon the flower centers, and
I noted that her hand was curiously long
and slender, the digits like those wonder-
ful tapering ones the painters we call the
primitives gave to their Virgins.

  Three times she pressed the flowers, and
then looked intently at Larry once more.
A slow, sweet smile curved the crimson
lips. She stretched both hands out toward
him again eagerly; and then I distinctly
saw a burning blush rise swiftly over
white breasts and flowerlike face.

  And in that instant, like the clicking
out of a cinematograph, the pulsing oval
faded and golden-eyed girl and frog-woman
were gone!

  And thus it was that Lakla, the hand-
maiden of the Silent Ones, and Larry
O’Keefe first looked into each other’s
hearts!

  With their evanishment a spell was
lifted from us. Olaf Huldricksson ran a
hand over a brow from which tiny beads
of sweat had sprung; Von Hetzdorp turned
to me with an exclamation; Larry stood
rapt, gazing at the stone.

  “Eiiidh,” I heard him whisper; “Eilidh
of the lips like the red, red rowan and the
golden-brown hair!”

  “Clearly of the Ranadae,” said Von
Hetzdorp, “ a development of the fossil
Labyrinthodonts: you saw her teeth, ja?”

  “Ranadae, yes,” I answered. “But from
the Stegocephalia; of the order Ecau-
data—”

  “Upon what evidence do you base your
theory that she was of the Stego—’’

  I think I never heard such complete in-
dignation as was in O’Keefe’s voice as he
interrupted the German.

  “What do you mean, fossils and Stego
whatever it is?” he asked. “She was a girl,
a wonder girl—a real girl, and Irish, or
I’m not an O’Keefe!”

  “We were talking about the frog-woman,
Larry,” I said, conciliatingly.

  His eyes were wild as he regarded us.

  “Say,” he said, “if you two had been in
the Garden of Eden when Eve took the
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

93

apple, you wouldn’t have had time to give
her a look for counting the scales on the
snake.”

   “But I took especial note of the girl,
 too, Larry,” I pleaded mildly, “and she
 couldn’t have been Irish. Now how could
 she?”

   “Couldn’t, eh?” he said. “But she was.
 Didn’t you notice the sweet little tilted
 nose of her, an’ the hair an’ the eyes like
 the sunshine? She’s a daughter of the old
 people, the Taithada-Dainn. I’m thinkin’
 that’s who it was, anyway, that made this
 place on their way to Erin. Not Irish? A
 girl like that couldn’t be anything else!”
 He strode swiftly over to the wall. We
 followed. He sounded the stone. It did not
 ring hollowly—nor indeed had I expected
 it to, for the figures had shadowed them-
 selves through the te'rrace, and had stood
 upon its surface. Larry paused, stretched
 his hand up to the flowers on which the
 tapering fingers of the golden-eyed girl
 had rested.

   “It was here she put up her hand,” he
murmured. He pressed caressingly the
carved calyxes, once, twice, a third time
even as she had—and silently and softly
the wall began to split. On each side a
great.stone pivoted slowly, and before us
a portal stood, opening into a narrow cor-
ridor glowing with the same rosy lustre
that had gleamed around the flame-tipped
shadows.

   O’Keefe leaped forward. I caught him
by the arm. The far wall of the tunnel
that had been revealed was not more than
eight feet from where we were, and it
ran, apparently, at right angles to the en-
trance. There was little of it to be seen,
therefore, save the space just in front of
us, and I will confess that my nerves were
slightly shaken.

   “What’s the matter?” he asked.

“Wait,” I answered. “Don’t rush in
there. Let us go together and carefully.”
“Come, then, quickly,” he said, curiously
distrait. “I won’t wait. I must follow.
That’s what she meant, you know»^
“What she meant?” I echoed stupidly.
•What she meant when she pointed out

 the way to open the wall, of course,” he
 said impatiently. “Don’t you know that
 was why she pressed those flowers? She
 meant us—me—to follow her. Follow her?
 Why, I’d follow her through a thousand
 hells!”

   Huldricksson stepped beside him. He set
 a great hand upon the Irishman’s shoulder.

  “Ja!” he rumbled. “That was no Trold-
kvirtde, no black witch, that Jomjru! She
was a white virgin, ja. Well I know that
this is Trolldom, but she will help me find
my Helma! You go, and Olaf Hul-
dricksson’s arm you have with you, al-
ways; ja, ready to hold or to strike.
Come!”

   His hand fell from Larry’s shoulder and
 gripped the Irishman’s own. I reached
 down and picked up my emergency kit.

  “Have your gun ready, Olaf!” said
Larry. With Huldricksson at one end,
O’Keefe at the other, both of them with
automatics in hand, and Von Hetzdorp and
I between them, we stepped over the
threshold.

AT OUR right, a few feet away, the
passage ended abruptly in a square
of polished stone, from which came the
faint rose radiance of what Von Hetzdorp
had called the “etheric lights.” The roof
of the place was less than two feet over
O’Keefe’s head. Behind us was the portal
leading into the Chamber of the Pool.

   We turned to the left to look down the
 tunnel’s length, and each of us stiffened. A
 yard in front of us lifted a four-foot high,
 gently curved barricade, stretching from
 wall to wall. Beyond it was blackness; an
 utter and appalling blackness that seemed
 to gather itself from infinite depths and
 to be thrust back by the low barrier as
 a dike thrusts back the menacing sea
 threatening ever to overwhelm it.

  The rose-glow in which we stood was
cut off by that blackness as though it had
substance; it shimmered out to meet it,
and was checked as though by a blow. In-
deed, so strong was the suggestion of sin-
ister, straining force within the rayless
opacity that I shrank back, and Von Hetz-
94

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

 dorp with me. Not so O’Keefe. Olaf beside
 him, he strode to the wall and peered over.
 He beckoned us.

  “Flash your pocket-light down there,”
he said to me, pointing into the thick dark-
ness below us. The little electric circle
quivered down as though afraid, and came
to rest upon a surface that resembled noth-
ing so much as clear, black ice. I ran the
light across, here and there. The floor of
the corridor was of stone, so smooth, so
polished, that no man could have walked
upon it; it sloped downward at a slowly
increasing angle.

  “We’d have to have non-skid chains and
brakes on our feet to tackle that,” mused
Larry. Abstractedly he ran his hands over
the edge on which he was leaning. Sud-
denly they hesitated and then gripped
tightly.

  “That’s a queer one!” he exclaimed. His
right palm was resting upon a rounded
protuberance, on the side of which were
three small circular indentations.

  He pressed his fingers upon the circles.
They gave under the pressure much, I
thought, as an automatic punch does.
O’Keefe’s thrusting fingers sank deep,
deeper, within the stone. There was a sharp
click: the slabs that had opened to let us
through swung swiftly together; a curi-
eusly rapid vibration thrilled through us,
a wind arose and passed over our heads. A
wind that grew and grew until it became
a whistling shriek, then a roar and then
a mighty humming, to which every atom in
our bodies pulsed in rhythm painful almost
to disintegration.

  The rosy wall dwindled in a flash to a
point of light, and disappeared.

  Wrapped in the clinging, impenetrable
blackness we were racing, dropping, hurl-
ing at a frightful speed—where?

  And ever that awful humming of the
rushing wind and the lightning cleaving
of the tangible dark—so, it came to me
oddly, must the newly released soul race
through the sheer blackness of outer space
up to that Throne of Justice, where God
sits high above all suns!

  I felt Von Hetzdorp creep close to me;

gripped my nerve and flashed my pocket-
light; saw Larry standing, peering, peering
ahead, and Huldricksson, one strong arm
around his shoulders, bracing him. And
then the speed began to slacken.

  Millions of miles, it seemed, below the
sound of the unearthly hurricane I heard
Larry's voice, thin and ghostlike, beneath
its clamor.

  “Got it!” shrilled the voice. “Got it!
Don’t worry!”

  The wind died down to a roar, passed
back into the whistling shriek and dimin-
ished to a steady whisper.

  “Press all the way in these holes and
she goes top-high,” Larry shouted. “Dim-
inish pressure—diminish speed. The curve
of this—dashboard—here sends the wind
shooting up over our heads—like a wind-
shield. What’s behind you?”

  I flashed the light back. The mechanism
on which we were ended in another wall
exactly similar to that over which O’Keefe
crouched.

  “Well, we can’t fall out, anyway,” he
laughed. “Wish I knew where the brakes
were! Look out!”

  We dropped dizzily down an abrupt,
seemingly endless slope; fell—fell as into
an abyss—then shot abruptly out of the
blackness into a throbbing green radiance.
O'Keefe's fingers must have pressed down
upon the controls, fdr we leaped forward
almost with the speed of light. I caught a
glimpse of luminous immensities-, on the
verge of which we flew; of depths incon-
ceivable, and flitting through the incredible
spaces—gigantic shadows as of the wings of
Israfel, which are so wide, say the Arabs,
the world can cower under them like a
nestling. And then again the dreadful
blackness.

  “What was that?” This from Larry,
with the nearest approach to awe that I
had yet heard from him.

  “Trolldom!” croaked the voice of Olaf.

  “GotI!” This from Von Hetzdorp.
“What a space!

  “Have you considered, Dr. Goodwin/'
he went on after a pause, “a curious
thing? Probably the moon was hurled out
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

- 95

of this same region we now call the Pa-
cific when the earth was yet like molasses;
almost molten, I should say. And is it
not curious that that which comes from
the moon chamber needs the moon rays
lo bring it forth? And also that the stone
depends upon the moon for operating? Jal
And last, such a space in mother earth
as we just glimpsed, how else could it
have been torn but by some gigantic birth,
like that of the moon?”

   I started; there was so much that this
 might explain—an unknown element that
 responded to the moon-rays in opening
 the moon-door; the blue Pool with its
 weird radioactivity, and the peculiar mys-
 tery within it that reacted to the same
 light stream—What is there at the heart
 of earth? What of that radiant unknown
 element upon the moon mount Tycho?
 Yes—and what if Tycho’s enigma had it-
 self come from earth heart? What miracles
 were hidden there?

CHAPTER X

THE END OF THE JOURNEY

THE car seemed to poise itself for an
instant, and then again dipped itself,
literally down into sheer space; skimmed
forward in what was clearly curved flight,
rose as upon a sweeping up-grade, and
then began swiftly to slacken its fearful
speed. I glanced at the illuminated dial of
the watch on my wrist. It had been exactly
twelve minutes since we had seen the
roseate door fade into the blackness. But
how far had we gone in those twelve
minutes—scores of miles or hundreds of
miles?—there was no knowing.

   Far ahead a point of light showed; grew
 steadily; we were within it. Then softly
 all movement ceased.

   It was then I noted that the car, for so
 1 must call it, that had brought us to
 this place was shaped somewhat like one
 of the Thames punts. Its back must have
 fitted with the utmost nicety into th^end
 of the passage upon which the inner doors
 of the Moon Pool Chamber had opened,

for certainly when we stepped within it
there had been no sign that it was other
than part of the wall itself.

  Where was its guiding mechanism? I
could only conjecture that as the car
moved away from the entrance there were
slabs that slipped ingeniously into place,
protecting- those within from what would
have been instant annihilating contact with
the tunnel walls when the car ran close
to them, or from pitching out when it
skirted in the blackness, abysses such as
that luminous green space that had sent
each of our souls shivering back in awe.

   The car rested in a slit in the center of
a smooth walled chamber perhaps twenty
feet square. The wall facing us was pierced
by a low doorway through which we could
see a flight of steps leading downward.

  I glanced upward. The light streamed
through an enormous oval opening, the
base of which was twice a tall man’s
height from the floor. A curving flight of
broad, low steps led up to it. And now it
came to my steadying brain that there
was something puzzling, peculiar, strangely
unfamiliar about this light. It was silvery,
shaded faintly with a delicate blue and
flushed lightly with a nacreous rose; but
a rose that differed from that of the ter-
races of the Pool Chamber as the rose
within the opal differs from that within
the pearl. In it were tiny, gleaming points
like the motes in a sunbeam, but sparkling
white like the dust of diamonds, and with
a quality of vibrant vitality; they were as
though they were alive. The light cast no
shadows!

  A little breeze came through the oval
and played about us. It was laden with
what seemed the mingled breath of spice
flowers and pines. It was curiously vivify-
ing, and in it the diamonded atoms of the
light shook and danced.

  Something flashed within the opening—
fluttered and came to rest. A bird stood
there regarding us; a bird as large as a
pheasant, whose golden eyes were the color
of the eyes of the maid of the rosy wall,
and whose body was a floating, shimmering
cloud of moonlight plumes as fairylike as
96

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

those that veil the gigantic silver moths
which guard, the fellahs say, the secret
shrine of Isis in the desert beyond the
second cataract, and whose touch brings
madness.

  For a moment it looked at us, then
slowly floated like a shining cloud through
the doorway. From without came a sudden
sweet chiming as of tiny golden bells.

   O’Keefe leaped over the low parapet to
the floor; sprang to the portal; peered
down.

  “She sent that!” he said with convic-
tion, turning to me. “She sent it to show
the way!”

   I caught a faint sardonic grin from Von
Hetzdorp, stepped out of the car, the Ger-
man following, and began to ascend the
curved steps toward the oval opening, at
the top of which O’Keefe and Olaf already
stood. I hurried forward.

   At first all that I could see was space.
A space filled with the same coruscating
effulgence that pulsed about me. I glanced
upward, obeying that instinctive impulse
of earth folk that bids them seek within
the sky for sources of light. There was no
sky. All was a sparkling nebulosity rising
into infinite distances as the azure above
the day-world seems to fill all the heavens.
Through it ran pulsing waves and flashing
javelin rays that were like shining shadows
of the aurora; echoes, octaves lower, of
those brilliant arpeggios and chords that
play about the poles. My eyes fell beneath
its splendor; I started outward.

  And now I saw, miles away, gigantic
luminous cliffs springing sheer from the
limits of a lake whose waters were of
milky opalescence. It was from these cliffs
that the spangled radiance came, shimmer-
ing out from all their lustrous surfaces.
To left and to right, as far as the eye could
see, they stretched, and they vanished in
the auroral nebulosity on high.

LOOK at that!” exclaimed Larry. I
followed his pointing finger. On the
face of the shining wall, stretched between
two colossal columns, hung an incredible
veil; prismatic, gleaming with all the colors

of the spectrum. It was like a web of rain-
bows woven by the fingers of the daugh-
ters of the Jinni. In front of it and a little
at each side was a semicircular pier, or
better, a plaza of what appeared to be
glistening, pale-yellow ivory. At each end
of its half-circle clustered a few low-walled
rose-stone structures, each of them sur-
mounted by a number of high, slender pin-
nacles.

  “Of a hugeness, that!” It was Von Hetz-
dorp. Have you considered that thosf
precipices must from eight to ten mile*
away be, Dr. Goodwin? And, if so, how
great must that so strange, prismatic cur-
tain that we see so clearly be, eh? What
hands could carve those columns between
which it hangs? It is in my mind that we
will carry back with us many new things,
Dr. Goodwin—if we carry back at all,” he
concluded slowly.

   We looked at each other, helplessly, and
back again through the opening. We were
standing, as I have said, at its base. The
wall in which it was set was at least ten
feet thick, and so, of course, all that we
could see of that which was without were
the distances that revealed themselves
above the outer ledge of the oval.

   “Let’s take a look at what’s under us.'’
said Larry.

  He crept out upon the ledge and peered
down, the rest of us following. We stared
in utter silence. A hundred yards beneath
us stretched gardens that must have been
like those of many-columned Iram, which
the ancient Addite King had built for his
pleasure ages before the deluge. And
which Allah, so the Arab legend tells, took
and hid from man, within the Sahara, be-
yond all hope of finding—jealous because
they were more beautiful than his in para-
dise. Within them flowers and groves of
laced, fernlike trees, pillared pavilions
nestled.

   The trunks of the trees were of emerald,
of vermilion, and of azure-blue, and the
blossoms, whose fragrance was borne to
us, shone like jewels. The graceful pillars
were tinted delicately. I noted that the
pavilions were double—in a way, two-
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

97

storied — and that they were oddly
splotched with circles, with squares, and
with oblongs of opacity. I noted, too, that
over many this opacity stretched like a

roof.	.

  Yet it did not seem material; rather
was it—impenetrable shadow!

  Down through this city of gardens ran ^
a broad, shining green thoroughfare, *
glistening like glass and spanned at regu-
lar intervals with graceful, arched bridges.
The road flashed to a wide square, where
rose, from a base of that same silvery
stone that formed the lip of the Moon
Pool, a Titanic tower of seven terraces;
and along it flitted objects that bore a
curious resemblance to the shell of the
nautilus. Within them were human figures.
And upon tree-bordered promenades on
each side walked others.

  Far to the right we caught the glint
of another emerald paved road.

  And between the two the gardens grew
sweetly down to the hither side of that
opalescent water across which were the
radiant cliffs and the curtain of mystery.

  Thus it was that we first saw the city
of the Dweller; blessed and accursed as
no place on earth, or under or above earth
has ever been—or, that force willing which
some call God, ever again shall be!

  “Gottt” whispered Von Hetzdorp. “In-
credible! ”

  “Trolldom! ” gasped Olaf Huldricksson.
“It is Trolldom!”

   With the three of us close behind, Larry
marched toward the entrance through
which the white bird had floated.

  Was Throckmartin out there in that
strange place, I wondered—Throckmartin
and his bride, Stanton and Thora—and
Olaf’s wife? And how would we find them?
In what state? Was the Dweller not mal-
ign? A weird, inexplicable messenger car-
rying those on whom it set its seal to some
unearthly paradise?

  But, whatever it was, I had found the
place I aimed for.

  Somewhere here, I was convinced,
were my lost friend and those he
loved.

CHAPTER XI

PRIESTESS OF THE SHINING ONE

YOU’D better have this handy, Doc.”
O’Keefe paused at the head of the
stairway and handed me one of the auto-
matics he had taken from Von Hetzdorp.

  “Shall I not have one also?” rather
anxiously asked the latter.

  ‘When you need it you’ll get it,” an-
swered O'Keefe. “I’ll tell you frankly,
though, professor, that you’ll have to show
me before I trust you with a gun. You
shoot too straight—from cover.”

  The flash of anger in the German’s eyes
turned to a cold consideration.

  “You say always just what is in your
mind, Lieutenant O’Keefe,” he mused.
“Ja—that I shall remember.” Later I was
to recall this odd observation, and Von
Hetzdorp was to remember, indeed.

  In single file, O’Keefe at the head and
Olaf bringing up the rear, we passed
through the portal. Before us dropped a
circular shaft, into which the light from
the chamber of the oval streamed liquidly;
set in its sides, the steps spiraled, and
down them we went, cautiously. The stair-
way ended in a circular well; silent, with
no trace of exit. The rounded stones joined
each other evenly, hermetically. Carved on
one of the slabs was one of the five flow-
ered vines. I pressed my fingers upon the
calyxes, even as Larry had within the moon
chamber.

  A crack—horizontal, four feet wide—
appeared on the wall; widened, and as the
sinking slab that made it dropped to the
level of our eyes, we looked through a
hundred-feet-long rift in the living rock!
The stone fell steadily, and we saw that
it was a Cyclopean wedge set within the
slit of the passageway. It reached the level
of our feet and stopped. At the far end of
this tunnel, whose floor was the polished
rock that had, a moment before, fitted
hermetically into its roof, was a low, nar-
row, triangular opening through which
light streamed.

  “Nowhere to go but out!” grinned Larry.
98

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

“And I’ll bet Golden Eyes is waiting for
us with a taxi!” He stepped forward. We
followed, slipping, sliding, along the glassy
surface. And 1, for one, had a lively ap-
prehension of what our fate would be
should that enormous mass rise before we
had emerged. We reached the end, crept
out of the narrow triangle that was its
exit.

  We stood upon a wide ledge carpeted
with a thick yellow moss. I looked behind,
and clutched O’Keefe’s arm. The door
through which we had come had vanished!
There was only a precipice of pale rock,
on whose surfaces great patches of the
amber moss hung; around whose base our
ledge ran, and whose summits, if summits
it had, were hidden, like the luminous
cliffs, in the radiance above us.

  “Nowhere to go but ahead, and Golden
Eyes hasn’t kept her date!” laughed
O’Keefe—but somewhat grimly.

  We looked down. At the left the green
roadway curved, and, at least thirty feet
below us, swept on. Far off to the right it
swerved again and continued as the glisten-
ing distant ribbon we had seen from the
high oval. Within its loop, like a peninsula,
its foot bathed by the lake, lay the gar-
dened city. What was beyond the road we
Opuld not see for, all along its outer side,
it was banked with solid masses of high-
flung verdure.

  We walked a few yards along the ledge
and, rounding a corner, faced the end of
one of the slender bridges. From this van-
tage point the oddly shaped vehicles were
plain, and we could see they were, indeed,
like the shell of the Nautilus and elfinly
beautiful. Their drivers sat high upon the
forward whorl. Their bodies were piled
high with cushions, upon which lay women
half-swathed in gay silken webs. From the
pavilioned gardens smaller channels of
glistening green ran into the broad way,
much as usual automobile runways do;
and in and out of them flashed the fairy
shells.

  There came a shout from one. Its occu-
pants had glimpsed us. They pointed;
others stopped and stared; one shell turned

and sped up a runway—and quickly over
the other side of the bridge came a score
of men. They were dwarfed—none of them
more than five feet high, prodigiously
broad of shoulder, clearly enormously
powerful.

  “Trolde!" muttered Olaf, stepping be-
side O’Keefe, pistol swinging free in his
hand.

  But at the middle of the bridge the
leader stopped, waved back his men, and
came toward us alone, palms outstretched
in the immemorial, universal gesture of
truce. He paused, scanning us with mani-
fest wonder; we returned the scrutiny with
interest. The dwarf’s face was as white
as Olaf’s—far whiter than those of the
other three of us; the features clean-cut
and noble, almost classical; the wide set
eyes of a curious greenish gray and the
black hair curling over his head like that
on some old Greek statue.

  Dwarfed though he was, there was no
suggestion of deformity about him. The
gigantic shoulders were covered with a
loose green tunic that looked like fine linen.
It was caught in at the waist by a broad
girdle studded with what seemed to be
amazonites. In it was thrust a long curved
poniard resembling the Malaysian kris. His
legs were swathed in the same green cloth
as the upper garment. His feet were
sandaled.

  My gaze returned to his face, and in it
I found something subtly disturbing; an
expression of half-malicious gaiety that
underlay the wholly prepossessing features
like a vague threat. A mocking deviltry
that hinted at entire callousness to suffer-
ing or sorrow; something of the spirit that
was vaguely alien and disquieting.

HE SPOKE, and to my surprise,
enough of the words were familiar
to enable me clearly to catch the meaning
of the whole. They were Polynesian, the
Polynesian of the Samoans which is its
most ancient form, but in some indefinable
way—archaic. Later I was to know that
the tongue bore the same relation to the
Polynesian of today as does that of
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

99

   haucer to modern English.

  Huldricksson spoke Polynesian well,
and understood it better than he spoke it;
O’Keefe had a working smattering. Later
1 was to find the German was a master
of it.

  “From whence do you come, strangers,
and how found you your way here?” said
the green dwarf.

  I waved my hand toward the cliff be-
hind us. His eyes narrowed incredulously;
he glanced at its drop, upon which even
a mountain goat could not have made its
way, and laughed.

   “We came through the rock,” I answered
his thought. “And we come in peace, ’ 1
added.

  “And may peace walk with you,” he
.-aid half-derisively, “if the Shining One
wills it!”

   He considered us again.

  “Show me, strangers, where you came
-through the rock,” he commanded. We led
the way to where we had emerged from
the well of the stairway.

   “It was here,” I said, tapping the cliff.

   ■ But I see no opening,” he said suavely.

   ■It closed behind us,” I answered; and
then, for the first time, realized how in-
credible the explanation sounded. The
derisive gleam passed through his eyes
again. But he drew his poniard and gravely
sounded the rock.

   “You give a strange turn to our speech,”
he said. “It sounds strangely, indeed—as
strange as your answers.” He looked at us
quizzically. “I wonder where you learned
it! Well, all that you can explain to the
Afyo Maie.” His head bowed and his arms
swept out in a wide salaam. “Be pleased to
come with me!” he ended abruptly.

   “In peace?” I asked.

  “In peace,” he replied. Then slowly,
•With me, at least.”

  “Oh, come on, Doc!” cried Larry. “As
long as we’re here let’s see the sights.
Allons mon vieuxl” he called gaily to the
green dwarf. The latter, understanding the
spirit, if not the words, looked at O’feefe
with a twinkle of approval.

   He stood aside and waved a hand cour-

teously, inviting us to pass. We reached
the bridge again; he spoke two words to
his men, who immediately lined up on
each side of the arch, watching us as we
walked between them with that same sug-
gestion of expectant, malicious derision
that I found so disquieting in their leader.
We crossed. At the base of the span one
of the elfin shells was waiting.

  “Free ride in the subway patrol,”
whispered O’Keefe, grinning.

  Beyond, scores of the shells had gath-
ered, their occupants evidently discussing
us in much excitement. The green dwarf
waved us to the piles of cushions and then
threw himself beside us. The vehicle started
off smoothly, the now silent throng mak-
ing way, and swept down the green road-
way at a terrific pace and wholly without
vibration, toward the seven-terraced tower.

WE TURNED abruptly and swept
up a runway through one of the
gardens, and stopped softly before a pil-
lared pavilion. I saw now that these were
much larger than I had thought. The struc-
ture to which we had been carried covered,
I estimated, fully an acre. Oblong, with
its slender, vari-colored columns spaced
regularly, its walls were like the sliding
screens of the Japanese. I had little time
to note them, nor, to my regret, to satisfy
my very eager curiosity as to the character
of the trees and the beautiful bowering
blossoms.

  The green dwarf hurried us up a flight
of broad steps flanked by great carved
serpents, winged and scaled. He stamped
twice upon mosaicked stones between two
of the pillars, and a screen rolled aside,
revealing an immense hall, scattered about
with low divans on which lolled a dozen
or more of the dwarfish men, dressed iden-
tically as he.

  They sauntered up to us leisurely; the
surprised interest in their faces tempered
by the same inhumanly gay malice that
seemed to be characteristic of all these peo-
ple we had as yet seen.

  “The Afyo Maie awaits them, Rador,”
said one.
100

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  So the green dwarf’s name was Rador.

  He nodded, beckoned us, and led the
way through the great hall and into a
smaller chamber whose far side was cov-
ered with the opacity I had noted from
the aerie of the cliff. I examined the—
blackness—with lively interest.

  It had neither substance nor texture;
it was not matter—and yet it suggested
solidity; an entire cessation, a complete
absorption of light; an ebon veil at once
immaterial and palpable. I stretched, in-
voluntarily, my hand out toward it, and
felt it quickly drawn back.

 “Do you seek your end so soon?”
whispered Rador. “But I forgot that you
do not know,” he added. “On your life
touch not the blackness, ever. It—"

  He stopped, for abruptly in the density
a portal appeared; springing out of the
shadow like a picture thrown by a lantern
upon a screen. Through it was revealed
a chamber filled with a soft, rosy glow.
Rising from cushioned couches, a woman
and a man regarded us, half leaning over
a long, low table of what seemed polished
jet, laden with flowers and unfamiliar
fruits.

  About the room—that part of it, at
least, that I could see—-were a few oddly
shaped chairs of the same substance. On
high silvery tripods stood three immense
globes, and it was from them that the rose
glow emanated. At the side of the woman
stood a smaller globe whose roseate gleam
was tempered by quivering waves of blue.

  “Enter Rador with the strangers!” a
clear, sweet voice called.

  Rador bowed deeply and stood aside,
motioning us to pass. We entered, the green
dwarf behind us, and out of the corner
of my eye I saw the doorway fade as
abruptly as it had appeared and again the
dense shadow fill its place.

  “Come closer, strangers. Be not afraid!”
commanded the bell-toned voice.

  We approached.

  The woman, unimaginative scientist that
I am, made the breath catch in my throat.
Never had 1 seen a woman so beautiful as
was Yolara of the Dweller city, and none

of so perilous a beauty. Her hair was of
the color of the young tassels of the corn
and—coiled in a regal crown above her
broad, white brows. Her wide eyes were
of gray that could change to a corn-flower
blue and in anger deepen to purple. Gray
or blue, they had little laughing devils
within them, but when the storm of anger
darkened them, they were no longer laugh-
ing.

  The silken web that half covered, hall
revealed her did not hide the ivory white-
ness of her flesh nor the sweet curve of
shoulders and breasts. But for all her
amazing beauty, she was sinister! There
was cruelty about the curving mouth, and
in the music of her voice. Not conscious
cruelty, but the more terrifying, careless
cruelty of nature itself. And she exhaled
an essence of vitality that made the nerves
tingle toward her and shrink from her,
too, as though from something that was
abnormal.

  The girl of the rose wall had been beau-
tiful, yes! But here beauty was human,
understandable. You could imagine her
with a babe in her arms, but you could
not so imagine this woman. About her
loveliness hovered something unearthly. A
sweet, feminine echo of the Dweller was
Yolara, the Dweller’s priestess—and as
gloriously, terrifyingly evil!

CHAPTER XII

THE JUSTICE OF LORA

AS I LOOKED at her the man arose
and made his way round the table
toward us. For the first time my eyes took
in Lugur. A few inches taller than the
green dwarf, he was far broader, more
filled with the suggestion of appalling
strength.

  The tremendous shoulders were four feet
wide if an inch, tapering down to mighty
thewed thighs. The muscles of his chest
stood out beneath his tunic of red. Around
his forehead shone a chaplet of bright-
blue stones, sparkling among the thick curls
of his silver-ash hair.
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

101

  Upon his face pride and ambition were
written large, and power still larger. All
the mockery, the malice, the hint of cal-
lous indifference that I had noted in the
other dwarfish men were there, too—but
intensified, touched with the satanic.

  The woman spoke again.

  “Who are you strangers, and how came
you here?” She turned to Rador. “Or is it
that they do not understand our tongue?”

  “One understands and speaks it, but
very badly, O Yolara,” answered the green
dwarf.

  “Speak, then, that one of you,” she
commanded.

  But it was Von Hetzdorp who found
his voice first, and I marveled at the
fluency, so much greater than mine, with
which he spoke.

  “We came for different purposes. I to
seek knowledge of a kind, he”—pointing
t0 me—“0f another. This man”—he looked
at Olaf—“to find a wife and child.”

  The gray-blue eyes had been regarding
O’Keefe steadily and with plainly increas-
ing interest.

  “And why did you come?” she asked
him. “Nay, I would have him speak for
himself, if he can,” she stilled Von Hetz-
dorp peremptorily.

  When Larry spoke it was haltingly, in
the tongue that was strange to him. search-
ing for the proper words.

  “I came to help these men, and because
something I could not then understand
called me, O lady whose eyes are like
forest pools at dawn,” he answered. And
even in the unfamiliar words there was
a touch of the Irish brogue, and little
merry lights danced in the eyes Larry had
so apostrophized.

   “I could find fault with your speech, but
none with its burden,” she said. “What
forest pools are I know not, and the dawn
has not shone upon the people of Lora
these many sais of laya. But I sense what
you mean!”

  The eyes deepened to blue as she re-
garded him. I saw Lugur shift impatiently
and send a none too pleasant look at
O’Keefe. She smiled.

  “Are there many like you in the world
from which you come?” she asked softly.
“Well, we soon shall—”

  Lugur interrupted her almost rudely and
glowering.

  “Best we should know how they came
hence,” he growled.

  She darted a quick look at him, and
again the little devils danced in her won-
drous eyes.

  “Yes, that is true,” she said. “How
came you here?”

  Again it was Von Hetzdorp who an-
swered—slowly, considering every word.

  “In the world above,” he said, “there
are ruins of cities not built by any of
those who now dwell there. To some of
us above these places called, and we sought
for knowledge of those wise ones passed
on. We were seeking, and we found a
passageway. The way led us downward to
a door in yonder cliff, and through it we
came here.”

  “Then you have found what you
sought!” spoke she. “For we are of those
who built the cities. But this gateway in
the rock—where is it?”

  “After we passed, it closed upon us;
nor could we after find trace of it,” an-
swered Von Hetzdorp.

  The incredulity that had shown upon
the face of the green dwarf fell upon
theirs; on Lugur’s it was clouded with
furious anger.

  He turned to Rador.

  “I could find no opening, lord,” thus
the green dwarf quickly.

  And there was so fierce a fire in the
eyes of Lugur as he swung back upon us
that O'Keefe’s hand slipped stealthily
down toward his pistol.

  “Best it is to speak truth to Yolara,
priestess of the Shining One, and to Lugur,
the Voice,” he cried menacingly.

  “It is the truth,” I interposed. “We
came down the passage. At its end was a
carved vine, a vine of five flowers”—the
fire died from the red dwarf’s eyes, and I
could have sworn to a swift pallor. “I
rested a hand upon these flowers, and a
door opened. But when we had gone
102

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

through it and turned, behind us was noth-
ing but unbroken cliff. The door had van-
ished.”

  I had taken my cue from Von Hetz-
dorp. If he had eliminated the episode of
car and Moon Pool, he had good reason, I
had no doubt; and I would be as cautious.
And deep within me something cautioned
me to say nothing of my quest; to stifle
all thought of Throckmartin. Something
that warned, peremptorily, finally, as
though it were a message from Throck-
martin himself!

  “A vine with five flowers!” exclaimed
the red dwarf. “Was it like this, say?”

  He thrust forward a long arm. Upon
the thumb of the hand was an immense
ring, set with a dull-blue stone. Graven on
the face of the jewel was the symbol of
the rosy walls of the Moon Chamber that
had opened to us their two portals. But
cut over the vine were seven circles, one
about each of the flowers and two larger
ones covering, intersecting them.

  “This is the same,” I said; “but these
were not there”—I indicated the circles.

  The woman drew a deep breath and
looked deep into Lugur’s eyes.

  “The sign of the Silent Ones!” he half
whispered.

  It was the woman who first recovered
herself.

  “The strangers are weary, Lugur,” she
said. “When they are rested they shall
show us where the rocks opened.”

  I sensed a subtle change in their atti-
tude toward us; a new intentness; a doubt
plainly tinged with apprehension. What
was it they feared? I wondered; and why
had the symbol of the vine wrought the
change? And who or what were the Silent
Ones?

YOLARA’S eyes turned to Olaf, hard-
ened, and grew cold gray. Subcon-
sciously I had noticed that from the first
the Norseman had been absorbed in his
regard of the pair; had indeed never taken
his gaze from them; had noticed, too, the
priestess dart swift glances toward him.

  Upon Olaf’s face had been an early look

of puzzlement, of uncertainty. Now this
had changed to decision; clearly he had
madfi. his mind up about something. His
gaze was fixed; he returned the woman’s
scrutiny fearlessly; a touch of contempt
in the clear eyes—like a child watching a
snake which he did not dread, but whose
danger he well knew.

  Under that look Yolara stirred impa-
tiently, sensing, I know, its meaning.

  “Why do you look at me so?” she cried

  An expression of bewilderment passed
over Olaf’s face.

  “I do not understand,” he said in Eng-
lish.

  I caught a quickly repressed gleam in
O’Keefe’s eyes. He knew, as I knew, that
Olaf must have understood. But did Von
Hetzdorp?

  I glanced at him. Apparently he did not.
But why was Olaf feigning this ignorance?

  “This man is a sailor from what we call
the North,” thus Larry haltingly. “He is
crazed, I think. He tells a strange tale, of
a something of white fire that took his
wife and babe. We found him wandering
where we were. And because he is strong
we brought him with us. That is all, O
lady whose voice is sweeter than the honey
of the wild bees!”

  “A shape of white fire?” she repeated
eagerly.

  “A shape of white "fire that whirled be-
neath the moon, with the sound of little
bells,” answered Larry, watching her in-
tently.

  She looked at Lugur and laughed.

  “Then he, too, is fortunate,” she said.
“For he has come to the place of his some-
thing of white fire. And tell him that he
shall join his wife and child, in time; that
I promise him.”

  Upon the Norseman’s face there was no
hint of comprehension, and at that moment
I formed an entirely new opinion of Olaf’s
intelligence. For certainly it must have
been a prodigious effort of the will indeed
that enabled him, understanding, to con
trol himself.

  “What does she say?” he asked.

  Larry repeated.
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

103

  An expression of gladness spread over
his face.

  “Good!” said Olaf. “Good!”

  He looked at Yolara with well-assumed
gratitude. Lugur, who had been scanning
his bulk, drew close. He felt the giant
muscles which Huldricksson accommodat-
ingly flexed for him.

  “But he shall meet Valdor and Tahola
before he sees those kin of his,” he laughed
mockingly. “And if he bests them, he shall
meet me. After that—for reward—his wife
and babe!”

  A shudder, quickly repressed, shook the
seaman’s frame. The woman bent her
supremely beautiful head.

  “These two,” she said, pointing to the
German and me, “seem to be men of learn-
ing. They may be useful. As for this man”
—she smiled at Larry—“I would have
him explain to me some things. She hesi-
tated. “What ‘hon-ey of ’e wild bees-s’
is?” She laughed sweetly, sinisterly. “And
now—take them, Rador, give them food
and water and let them rest till we shall
call them again.”

  She stretched out a hand toward
O’Keefe. The Irishman bowed low over it,
raised it softly to his lips. There was a
vicious hiss from Lugur; but Yolara re-
garded Larry with eyes now all tender blue.
“You please me,” she whispered.

  And the face of Lugur grew dark with
passion.

  We turned to go. The rosy, azure-shot
globe at her side suddenly dulled. From
it came a faint bell sound as of chimes far
away. She bent over it. It vibrated, and
then its surface ran with little waves of
dull color. From it came a whispering so
low that I could not distinguish the words,
if words they were.

  She spoke to the red dwarf.

  “They have brought the three who
blasphemed the Shining One,” she said
slowly. “Now it is in my mind to show
these strangers the justice of Lora. Per-
haps, they may learn wisdom from it.
What say you, Lugur?”

  The red dwarf nodded, his eyes sparkl-
ing now with a malicious anticipation.

  The woman spoke again to the globe.
“Bring them here!”

   And again it ran swiftly with its film of
colors, darkened, and shone rosy once
more. From without there came the rustle
of many feet upon the rugs. Yolara pressed
a slender hand upon the base of the
pedestal of the globe beside her. Abruptly
the light faded from all, and on the same
instant the four walls of blackness van-
ished, revealing on two sides the lovely,
unfamiliar garden through the guarding
rows of pillars. At our backs soft draper-
ies hid what lay beyond; before us, flanked
by flowered screens, was the corridor
through which we had entered, crowded
now by the green dwarfs of the great hall.

THE dwarfs advanced. Each, I now
noted, had the same clustering black
hair of Rador. They separated, and from
them stepped three figures—a youth of
not more than twenty, short, but with
great shoulders of all the males we had
seen of this race; a girl of seventeen, I
jdftged, white-faced, a head taller than
the boy, her long, black hair disheveled,
and clad in a simple white sleeveless gar-
ment that fell only to the knees. And be-
hind these two a stunted, gnarled shape
whose head was sunk deep between the
enormous shoulders, whose white beard
fell like that of some ancient gnome down
to his waist, and whose eyes were a white
flame of hate. The girl cast herself weep-
ing at the feet of the priestess; the youth
regarded her curiously.

  “You are Songar of the Lower Waters?”
murmured Yolara almost caressingly. “And
this is your daughter and her lover?”
The gnome nodded, the flame in his eyes
leaping higher.

  “It has come to me that you three have
dared blaspheme the Shining One, its
priestess, and its Voice,” went on Yolara
smoothly. “Also that you have called out
to the three Silent Ones. Is it true?”
“Your spies have spoken, and have you
not already judged us?” The voice of the
old dwarf was bitter.

  A flicker shot through the eyes of
104

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

Yolara, again cold gray. The girl reached
a trembling hand up to the hem of her
veils. She thrust it aside with her foot
cruelly.

  “Tell us why you did these things, Son-
gar,” she asked. “Why you did them,
knowing well what your reward would be?”

  The dwarf stiffened; he raised his with-
ered arms, and his eyes blazed.

  “Because evil are your thoughts and
evil are your deeds,” he cried. “Yours and
your lover’s, there.” He leveled a finger
at Lugur. “Because of the Shining One
you have made evil, too, and the greater
wickedness you contemplate—you and he
with the Shining One. But I tell you that
your measure of iniquity is full; the tale
of your sin near ended! Yea, the Silent
Ones have been patient, but soon they
will speak.” He pointed at us. “A sign are
they—a warning—harlot!” He spat the
word.

   In Yolara’s eyes, grown black, the devils
leaped unrestrained.

  “Is it even so, Songar?” her voice ca-
ressed. “Now ask the Silent Ones to help
you! They sit afar, but surely they will
hear you.” The sweet voice was mocking.
“As for these two, they shall pray to the
Shining One for forgiveness, and surely
the Shining One will take them to its
bosom! As for you, you have lived long
enough, Songar! Pray to the Silent Ones,
Songar, and pass out into the nothingness
•—you!”

  She dipped down into her bosom and
drew forth something that resembled a
small cone of tarnished silver. She leveled
it, a covering clicked from its base, and
out of it darted a slender ray of intense
green light.

  It struck the old dwarf squarely over
the heart, and swift as light itself spread,
covering him with a gleaming, pale film.
She clenched her hand upon the cone, and
the ray disappeared; thrust it back into
her breast and leaned forward expectantly;
so Lugur and so the other dwarfs. From
the girl came a low wail of anguish; the
boy dropped upon his knees, covering his
face.

  For the moment the white beard stood
rigid; then the robe that had covered him
seemed- to melt away, revealing all the
knotted, monstrous body. And in that body
a vibration began, increasing to incredible
rapidity. It wavered before us like a reflec-
tion in a still pond stirred by a sudden
wind. It grew and grew, to a rhythm whose
rapidity was intolerable to watch and that
still chained the eyes.

  The figure grew indistinct, misty. Tiny
sparks in infinite numbers leaped from
it—like, I thought, the radiant shower of
particles hurled out by radium when seen
under the microscope. Mistier still it grew.
And then there trembled before us for a
moment a faintly luminous shadow which
held, here and there, tiny sparkling atoms
like those that pulsed in the light about
us. The glowing shadow vanished, the
sparkling atoms were still for a moment—
and then they shot away, joining those
dancing others.

  Where the gnomelike form had been but
a few seconds before—there was nothing!

  O’Keefe drew a long breath, and I was
sensible of a prickling along my scalp.

  Yolara leaned toward us.

  “You have seen,” she said. Her eyes
lingered tigerishly upon Olaf’s pallid face.
“Heed!” she whispered. She turned to the
men in green, who were laughing softly
among themselves.

  “Take these two, and go!” she com-
manded.

  “The justice of Lora,” said the red
dwarf. “The justice of Lora and the Shin-
ing One under Thanaroa!”

  Upon the utterances of the last word I
saw Von Hetzdorp start violently. The
hand at his side made a swift, surrepti-
tious gesture, so fleeting that I hardly
caught it. The red dwarf stared at the
German, and for the first time I saw com-
plete amazement upon his face.

  He glanced at Yolara, found her intent
in thought, and as swiftly as had been Von
Hetzdorp’s action, returned it. I thought
I saw the latter make an answering sign.

  “Yolara,” the red dwarf spoke, “it would
please me to take this man of wisdom to
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

105

my own place for a time. The giant I
would have, too.”

  The woman awoke from her brooding;
nodded.

  •As you will, Lugur,” she said. She
beckoned Rador.

  As he led us out I saw from the corner
of my eye Olaf following quietly the Ger-
man and the red dwarf. And again I
wondered.

  And as, shaken to the core, we passed
out into the garden into the full throbbing
of Ihe light, I wondered if all the tiny
sparkling diamond points that shook about
us had once been men like Songar of the
Lower Waters—and felt my very soul grow
sick!

CHAPTER XIII

THE ANGRY, WHISPERING GLOBE

OUR way led along a winding path be-
tween banked masses of feathery
ferns whose plumes were starred with
fragrant white and blue flowerettes, slen-
der creepers swinging from the branches
of the strangely trunked trees bearing
along their threads orchidlike blossoms
both delicately frail and gorgeously flam-
boyant. Like the giant mosses which I
later saw in the caverned road to the Sea
of Crimson, in our flight to the Silent Ones,
I could not identify them.

   A smaller pavilion arose before us, single-
storied, front wide open. Upon its thresh-
old Rador paused, bowed deeply, and
motioned us within. The chamber we en-
tered was large, closed on two sides by
screens of gray, at the back gay, conceal-
ing curtains. The low table of blue stone,
dressed with fine white cloths, stretched
at one side flanked by the cushioned
divans.

  At the left was a high tripod bearing
one of the rosy globes we had seen in
the house of Yolara; at the head of the
table a smaller globe similar to the whis-
pering one. Rador pressed upon its. base,
and two other screens slid into place across
the entrance, shutting in the room.

  He clapped his hands; the curtains
parted, and two girls came through them.
Tall and willow lithe, their bluish-black
hair falling in ringlets just below their
white shoulders, their clear eyes of for-
get-me-not blue, and skins of extraordi-
nary fineness and purity—they were singu-
larly attractive. Each was clad in an ex-
tremely scanty bodice of silken blue,
girdled above a kirtle that came barely
to their very pretty knees.

  The maidens returned our stares with
interest, and now I noted that the uncanny
deviltry written so large upon the faces
of the dwarfs, limned so delicately upon
that of Yolara, was here but a shadow.
Present it certainly was, but tinctured,
underlaid, with a settled wistfulness al-
most melancholy.

  They gave me, I must admit, only a
slight share of their attention; Larry the
most of it. I lack nearly a foot of his
height, my eyes are spectacled.

  Their wistfulness fled; they laughed
with little gleams of milky teeth—the
laughter of careless youth—and Larry
laughed with them. The green dwarf re-
garded all with his malice-tipped smile.

  “Food and drink,” he ordered.

  They dropped back through the curtains.

  “Do you like them?” he asked us.

  “Some cuties!” said Larry. “They de-
light the heart,” he translated for Rador.

  The green dwarf’s next remark made me
gasp. “They are yours,” he said.

  The pair re-entered, bearing a great
platter on which were small loaves, strange
fruits, and three immense flagons of rock
crystal—two filled with a slightly sparkl-
ing yellow liquid and the third with a
purplish drink. I became acutely sensible
that it had been hours since I had either
eaten or drank. The yellow flagons were
set before Larry and me, the purple at
Rador’s hand.

  The girls, at his signal, again with-
drew. I raised my glass to my lips and
took a deep draft. The taste was unfamil-
iar but delightful.

  Almost at once my fatigue disappeared.
I realized a clarity of mind, an interesting
106

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

exhilaration and sense of irresponsibility,
of freedom from care, that were oddly en-
joyable. Larry became immediately his old
gay self.

  Still there did not seem to be any of
the characteristics of alcohol in the drink.
The bread was excellent, tasting like fine
wheat. The fruits were as unfamiliar as
the wine, and seemed to have the quality
of making one forget any desire for either
flesh or vegetables. The green dwarf re-
garded us whimsically sipping from his
great flagon of rock crystal.

  “Much do I desire to know of that
world you came from,” he said at last—
“through the rocks,” he added mischiev-
ously.

   “And much do we desire to know of this
 world of yOurs, O Rador,” I answered.

  Should I ask him of the Dweller; seek
from him a clue to Throckmartin? Again,
clearly as a spoken command, came the
warning to forbear, to wait. And once more
I obeyed.

  LET us learn, then, from each other.”
The dwarf was laughing. “And first,
are they all like you—drawn out?” He
made an expressive gesture. “And are there
many of you?”

  “There are—” I hesitated, and at last
spoke the Polynesian that means tens upon
tens multiplied indefinitely—“there are as
many as the drops of water in the lake
we saw from the ledge where you found
us,” I continued; “many as the leaves on
the trees without. And they are all like us,
but varyingly.”

   He considered skeptically, I could see,
 my remark upon our numbers.

  “In Muria,” he said at last, “the men
are like me or like Lugur. Our women are
as you see them. Like Yolara or like those
black-haired two who served you.” He
hesitated. “And there is a third; but only
one.”

   Larry leaned forward eagerly.

  “Brown-haired with glints of ruddy
bronze, golden eyed, and lovely as a dream,
with long, slender, beautiful hands?” he
cried.

   “Where saw you her?” interrupted the
dwarf, starting to his feet.

   “Saw- her?” Larry recovered himself.
“Nay, Rador, perhaps I only dreamed that
there was such a woman.”

   “See to it, then, that you tell not your
dream to Yolara,” said the dwarf grimly.
“For her I meant and her you have pic-
tured is Lakla, the handmaiden to the
Silent Ones, and neither Yolara or Lugur.
nay, nor the Shining One, love her over-
much, stranger.”

   “Does she dwell here?” Larry’s face
was alight.

   The dwarf hesitated, glanced about him
anxiously.

   “If she does, Doc, we’re going to beat
it her way quick.” Larry shot the words
to me quickly.

   “Nay,” Rador was answering. “Ask me
no more of her.” He was silent for a space.
“And what do you who are as leaves or
drops of water do in that world of yours?”
he said, plainly bent on turning the sub-
ject.

   “Keep off the golden-eyed girl, Larry,”
I interjected. “Wait till we find out why
she’s taboo.”

   “Love and battle, strive and accomplish
and die; or fail and die,” answered Larry
—to Rador—giving me a quick nod of ac-
quiescence to my warning in English.

   “In that at least your world and mine
differ little,” said the dwarf.

  “How great is this world of yours,
Rador?” I spoke.

   He considered me gravely.

   “How great indeed I do not know,” he
said frankly at last. “The land where we
dwell with the Shining One stretches along
the white waters for—” He used a phrase
of which I could make nothing. “Beyond
this city of the Shining One and on the
hither shores of the white waters dweil
the mayia ladala, the common ones.” He
took a deep draft from his flagon. “There
are, first, the fair-haired ones, the children
of the ancient rulers,” he continued. “There
are, second, we the soldiers; and last the
mayia ladala, who dig and till and weave
and toil and give our rulers and us their
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

107

daughters, and dance with the Shining
One!” he added.

  “Who rules?” I asked.

  “The fair haired, under the Council of
Nine, who are under Yolara, the Priestess
and Lugur, the Voice,” he answered, “who
are in turn beneath the Shining One!”
There was a ring of bitter satire in the
last.

  “And those three who were judged?”—
this from Larry.

  “They were of the mayia ladala,” he
replied, “like those two I gave you. But
they grow restless. They do not like to
dance with the Shining One, the blas-
phemers! ” He raised his voice in a sudden
great shout of mocking laughter.

  In his words I caught a fleeting picture
of the race. An ancient, luxurious, close-
bred oligarchy clustered about some mys-
terious deity; a soldier class that sup-
ported them; and underneath all the toil-
ing, oppressed hordes.

  “And is that all?” asked Larry.

  “No,” he answered. “Beyond the Lower
Waters, over the Black Precipices of Doul
are the forests where lie the feathered
serpents and the secrets they guard. The
Black Precipices of Doul are hard to pass,
but none can pass through the feathered
serpents. And there is the Sea of Crimson
where—” he stopped abruptly, drank and
set down his flagon empty. Whatever the
purple drink might be, it was loosening
the green dwarf’s tongue and neither of
us cared to interrupt him.

  “It is strange, strange indeed to be sit-
ting with two who have newly come from
that land that we were forced from so
many sais of laya agone,” he began again,
half musingly, gone upon another tangent.
“For we too came from your world, but
how long, long ago! I have heard that the
waters swept over us slowly, but dragging,
ever dragging our land beneath them. And
we sought refuge in the secret heart of our
land, refusing to leave her. And at the last
we made our way here, where was the Shin-
ing One and where had been othersjjefore
us who had left behind them greater knowl-
edge than we brought—and that was no

little, strangers. And now the laya turn
upon themselves. The tail of the serpent
coils close to his fangs.” He took a great
drink of the yellow liquid; his eyes flashed.

  And without warning the globe beside
us sent out an almost vicious note. Rador
turned toward it, his face paling. Its sur-
face crawled with whisperings—angry, per-
emptory!

  “I hear!” he croaked, gripping the table.

“I obey!”

  He turned to us a face devoid for once
of its malice.

  “Ask me no more questions, strangers,”
he said. “And now, if you are done, I will
show you where you may sleep and bathe.”

  He arose abruptly. We followed him
through the hangings, passed through a
corridor and into another smaller chamber,
roofless, the sides walled with screens of
dark gray. Two cushioned couches were
there and a curtained door leading into
an open, outer enclosure in which a foun-
tain played within a wide pool of polished
green stone. Its opalescent column rose
high, and from it fell sprays of shimmer-
ing, milky water.

  “Your bath,” said Rador. He dropped
the curtain and came back into the room.
He touched a carved flower at one side.
There was a tiny sighing from overhead
and instantly across the top spread a veil
of blackness, impenetrable to light but cer-
tainly not to air, for through it pulsed lit-
tle breaths of the garden fragrances. The
room filled with a cool twilight, refresh-
ing, sleep-inducing. The green dwarf
pointed to the couches.

  “Sleep!” he said. “Sleep and fear noth-
ing. My men are on guard outside.” He
came closer to us, the old mocking gaiety
sparkling in his eyes.

  “But I spoke too quickly,” he whispered.
“Whether it is because the Afyo Maie
fears their tongues—or—” he laughed at
Larry. “The maids are not yours!” Still
laughing he vanished through the curtains
of the room of the fountain before I could
ask him the meaning of his curious gift,
its withdrawal and his most enigmatic clos-
ing remarks.
108

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

CHAPTER XIV

TROUBLE IS BREWING

OME stuff, that, green ray of Yo-
lara’s,” said O’Keefe, deepest admir-
ation in his voice. “Can you imagine what
it would be like in a war—seeing the enemy
all at once beginning to shake themselves
to pieces? Wow!”

  “It’s easy enough to explain, Larry,” I
answered. “The effect, that is—for what
the green ray is made of I don’t know, of
course. But what it does, clearly, is stimu-
late atomic vibration to such a pitch that
the cohesion between the particles of mat-
ter is broken and the body flies to bits.

  “The green ray set up in the dwarf that
incredibly rapid rhythm that you saw and
—shook him to atoms!”

  All at once I was aware of an intense
drowsiness. O’Keefe, yawning, reached
down to unfasten his puttees.

  “Lord, I’m sleepy!” he exclaimed.
“What made Reddy take such a shine to
the von?” he asked drowsily.

  “Thanaroa,” I answered, fighting to
keep my eyes open. “When Lugur spoke
that name I saw Von Hetzdorp signal him.
Thanaroa is, I suspect, the original form
of the name of Tangaroa, the greatest
god of the Polynesians. There’s a secret
cult to him in the islands. Von Hetzdorp
may belong to it. He knows it anyway.
Lugur recognized the signal and despite
his surprise answered it.”

  “The Heinie gave him the high sign,
eh?” mused Larry. “How could they both
know it?”

  “The cult is a very ancient one. Un-
doubtedly it had its origin in the dim be-
ginnings before these people migrated
here,” I replied. “It’s a link—one—of the
few links between up there and the lost
past.”

  “Trouble then,” mumbled Larry. “Hell
brewing! I smell it. Say, Doc, is this
sleepiness natural?” half incoherently.

  But I myself was struggling now des-
perately against the drugged slumber
pressing down upon me.

  “Lakla!” I heard O’Keefe’s murmur
“Lalda of the golden eyes—no, Eilidh—
the faitl

  “Good luck, old boy, wherever you’re
going.” His hand waved feebly. “Glad—
knew—you. Hope—see—you—’gain—”

  His voice trailed into silence. Fighting,
fighting with every fiber of brain and nerve
against the sleep, I felt myself being stead-
ily overcome. But before oblivion rushed
down upon me I seemed to see upon the
gray screened wall nearest the Irishman
an oval of rosy light begin to glow,
watched, as my falling lids inexorably fell,
a flame-tipped shadow waver on it;
thicken, condense. And there looking down
upon Larry, her eyes great golden stars
in which intensest curiosity and shy ten-
derness struggled, sweet mouth half smil-
ing, was the girl of the Moon Pool’s Cham-
ber, the girl whom the green dwarf had
named—Lakla. The vision Larry had in-
voked before the sleep which I could no
longer deny had claimed him.

  And did I see about and behind her a
cloud of other eyes—not those phosphor-
escent saucers of the frog woman’s enor-
mous eyes—triangular—pools of shining
jet flecked with little rushing, flickering
ruby flames?

  Closer she came—closer—the eyes were
over us. Then oblivion indeed!

WHEN I awakened, it was with all
the familiar homely sensation of a
shade having been pulled up in a darkened
room. I thrilled with a wonderful sense of
deep rest and restored resiliency. The ebon
shadow had vanished from above and down
into the room was pouring the silvery
light. From the fountain pool came a
mighty splashing and shouts of laughter.
I jumped over and drew the curtain.
O’Keefe and Rador were swimming a wild
race; the dwarf like an otter, outdistanc-
ing and playing around the Irishman at
will. I plunged in.

  Tiring at last, we swam to the edge
and drew ourselves out. The green dwarf
quickly clothed himself and Larry rather
carefully donned his uniform.
THE CONQUEST OF THE MOON POOL

109

  “The Afyo Maie has summoned us,
Doc,” he said. “We’re to—well, I suppose
you’d call it breakfast with her. After
that, Rador tells me, we’re to have a ses-
sion with the Council of Nine. I suppose
Yolara is as curious as any lady of—the
upper world, as you might put it—and
just naturally can’t wait,” he added.

  He gave himself a last shake, patted
the automatic hidden under his left arm,
whistled cheerfully.

  “After you, my dear Alphonse,” he said
to Rador, with a low bow. The dwarf
laughed, bent in an absurd imitation of
Larry’s mocking courtesy and started
ahead of us to the house of the priestess.
When he had gone a little way on the
orchid-walled path I whispered to O’Keefe:
“Larry, when you were falling off to
sleep, did you think you saw anything?”
“See anything!” he grinned, “I was hit
by that sleep like a fly swatted by Goliath.
But wait a minute—” He hesitated. “I
had a queer sort of dream.”

  “What was it?” I asked eagerly.
“Well,” he answered, slowly, “I suppose
it was because I’d been thinking of—
Golden Eyes. Anyway, I thought she came
through the wall and leaned over me. Yes,
and she put one of those long white hands
of hers on my head. I couldn’t raise my

lids, but in some queerish way I could
see her. Then it got real dreamish. She
had eyes all about her; a whole little cloud

of them—”

  “Like these, Larry?” I asked. I drew a
pencil from my pocket and sketched the
high triangles of flame-flecked blackness
I had seen in my own vision.

  “How did you know that!” he cried,
in utter amazement. Rador turned back
toward us. I slipped the paper in my
pocket.

  “Later,” I answered. “Not now. When
we’re alone.”

  But through me went a little glow of
reassurance. Whatever the maze through
which we were moving; whatever of men-
acing evil lurking there, the Golden Girl
was clearly watching over us.

  We passed the pillared entrance. In
the great hall were the same green dwarfs,
this time introduced to us by a variety
of names. Each saluted, throwing the right
hand high above the head. We went
through a long, bowered corridor and stop-
ped before a door that seemed to be sliced
from a monolith of pale jade—high, nar-
row, set in a wall of opal.

  Rador stamped twice and with those
supernally sweet, silver bell tones, the door
swung open.

                  TO BE CONTINUED

BILL TELLS HIS FRIENDS

ft* TELLING YOU!-YOU
BEAT USTERINE SHAVING CREAM!
-SAVES CASH TOO-ONE 354
VniSE LASTS THREE MONTHS^
VTlisteri N E, EH?- UNDER^N

II	STAND THEY MAKE A SWELL.
    i.eausHiESS cream too.^

/'HONEY, YOU’RE A GENIUS f
' THIS CREAM'S THE NUTS!
MY FACE FEELS LIKE A MIIUW

1	-SMOOTH AND COOL AS A

fw S.'fiOWTOPICK WINDER

IT'S A (Ja

ftV-'J'f LAMSERT/ziS
V, Y~>/1 PRODUCT-/ I a*

WOMEN KNOW WHY THIS FREE OFFER WORKS!

                     --- -----

      iL

SHAVES

FREE

Name

     |X. y ^ . t _ ,. . .______________

Lambert Pharmacal Co.. Dept. 117, St. Louis. Mo. Ptoc«d me free and %*&***£ ££££
pie tube of □ Listerine Shading Cream; □ Listenne Bruahless Cream. (Check whichever is desired.)

                _Address— —--

-State___—
A bizarre story of one man’s
astral and earthly duality

Who Is Charles Avison?

By EDISON TESLA MARSHALL

NO ONE knew what was going on
behind the high board fence at
the Avison place, which was dif-
ficult to climb. Besides, Avison’s stolid
neighbors were reluctant to show so much
curiosity.

  But a few boys lived in the neighbor-
hood who were not troubled by such a
sense of decorum. The tallest of them
boosted another of the “gang” until a
pair of round eyes gazed between the
pickets. However, the report that the spy
made to the other boys—and later to
his parents—was certainly far from en-
lightening.

  He had seen the big house, of course,
with its trim lawns and walks. And also
he had seen another building that had
been erected since the fence. It was built
much like a garage, but didn’t quite look

like a garage either. Protruding out of
it was the queerest thing—almost like a
huge egg of blue steel, with slabs of heavy
glass, and many encircling bands of iron.

  It was some time after this that another
boy, returning in the late dusk from his
milk-delivery, had a story to tell that
no one had ever quite believed. As he
talked his face flushed and his eyes
widened. He said something almost spher-
ical in shape, dark except for lighted
windows, had rolled up into the air above
the fence, straight up unwaveringly, and
had kept on going/

  The boy had watched it till the haze
of evening shut it from his sight, until
it had vanished among the early stars.

  “You imagined it, my son,” said his
father. But his mother noticed that her
husband was perplexed.

Copyrighted. 1918. by The Frank A. Muneey Co.
110
WHO IS CHARLES AVISON?

Ill

  “No, I didn’t! I saw it as plain as I
see you.”

  “Well,” concluded the father, “we’ll
probably know what it was in the morning.

But, dear,” he added, turning to his
wife, “that Avison is quite a scientist.
The delivery-boy wandered into the wrong
door at the Avison place one day, and
he told me he went into the uncanniest-
looking room he was ever in. A laboratory
of some kind it was, with big machines
of porcelain and steel and copper.”

  “And you know he wrote some sort
of a scientific article just when he got
out of college,” supplemented his wife.
’It caused quite a sensation among the
scientists.”

  “That’s right. It was about gravity,
wasn’t it? Let’s see; that was four years
ago. I had almost forgotten. He’s a smart
young chap all right.”

  “But why doesn’t he go into busi-
ness?” the woman protested. “He’s been
engaged for almost a year now to that
Cole girl, you know, and if something
should happen to him—”

  “Oh, well, he’s probably pretty careful.
And you’re sure you didn’t imagine it,
son, or dream it?”

  “I’m sure, sir!” replied the boy.

  Nor had he dreamed or imagined it.
And had Charles Avison wished he could
have surprised even more the scientific
world. But he wished to wait.

  It was true he had been engaged to
Agnes Cole for twelve months. In truth,
she was mightily afraid of an accident to
the young scientist. Even Avison had con-
fessed to the danger in this latest experi-
ment of his.

  The afternoon before the Vulcan as-
cended, Avison had spent with Agnes.
They had had a long talk, in which he
told her much of his plan, but little of
the danger. But there was a chance, he
said, that he would not be at hand to
marry her on the June day selected.

  She had tried to dissuade him.

  “I must go,” he said. “YoTT can’t
imagine how much it means. But I’m sure
nothing will happen. Oh, I’ll come back

all right! My trial flight was a wonderful

success.”

  His great, dark eyes glowed at the
thought of it.

  “Goodby, dearest!”

  They had kissed and she had cried.

  Then from the porch of her home she
had seen the strange, dark bubble of a
thing float away into the skies.

A FEW nights later the farmers, thirty
miles from Avison’s home, might
have observed a few spots of light hover-
ing in the air over the wide field of a
deserted farm. They might have discerned
the light-spots dart back and forth, then
down, then up a way, and then descend
to earth. But it is not recorded that any
man was awake to see.

  Charles Avison unscrewed the round
door of the Vulcan and crept out. In-
stantly the light died from its windows.
At first he could not stand, but staggered
twice and fell in a heap under the curved
side of the machine. He lay a little while,
then flashed his light about and into the
door of a great, deserted barn, in front
of which his machine had alighted.

  He climbed to his feet and steadied
himself. After a little while he thrust his
shoulder against the dark sphere arid
rolled it as silently as a great snowball
into the high doorway. Then he glanced
at his watch.

  “Not far from morning,” he said.

  He walked unsteadily toward the road.

  Avison congratulated himself on his
nearness to home. A few hours before,
when he had awakened from unconscious-
ness, he had been over water. He had
risen from the bottom of the sphere,
where he had fallen, with swimming head
and drumming ears, and, getting his bear-
ings, had guided the machine toward home.
His light was failing when he was still
thirty miles away, however, so he had
thought it safer to descend.

  His experiment had been a success!

  Then he began to wonder what had
occurred in that brief period of uncon-
sciousness. And was it so brief? His watch
112

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

had said 3.40 just before he had fainted
and 4.35 just after he had awakened. But
had it been one hour or twenty-five? His
ears still rang; he walked drunkenly.

  He sat down in a fence-corner to await
daylight. He saw the stars—his compan-
ions, he called them—begin to dim as a
wide ribbon of grayish blue showed aboye
the eastern horizon. He saw this ribbon
widen still more, and soon he could detect
the lines of his hands. At his feet were
flowers, wet with dew.

  Avison lighted a cigar, but he could
hardly see the smoke in the bluish dawn.
But before the fire in it became too warm
for his fingers it was daylight.

  He arose and looked about. He knew
the place—he had driven along the road
many times in his car. He knew the great
barn where he had housed the Vulcan,
the long line of straggly telephone-poles,
the spinelike row of poplars beside the
creek.

  Just thirty miles to home and Agnes!
He would start to walk to the nearest
railway station. Some friend in a car
would probably pick him up.

  But somehow—Avison did not know
how or what or why—something, every-
thing did not seem natural. He could not
be mistaken in the place; the trees, the
farms, the houses, even the fence-posts
were familiar. But that queer, haunting
feeling of unfamiliarity remained; he could
not shake it off. It must be that he had
not yet completely recovered from his
fainting.

  He started along the road. He laughed
when he saw a deep rut that had once
broken a spring of his car. Here was
the muddy spot where a tiny creek seeped
across the highway. Here was the bridge,
with its familiar hole where Octavius, his
favorite horse, always shied.

  The ringing in his ears had gone now;
he walked perfectly straight. His head no
longer swam. But the feeling of alienation
was as marked as ever.

  Avison became a little frightened, even
though he knew the road perfectly. He
tested his knowledge. Soon he would arrive

at the crossroads, where the lane turned
off toward the old Fair Grounds. Yes!
He catfte to the place just where he
thought it would be.

  But why was it that everything was
the same and yet different? He knew
even the ruts of the road and the cract
in the telephone post where the lightning
had once struck. He knew the quiet fields
of grain, the pretty farm-homes, the horses
in the fields. Yet he felt—he knew it now
—that something was terribly different.

  He saw the farmers on their way to
the dairy barns. He heard the windmills
creaking, and the call of the hired men
as they hitched their teams to the farm-
ing implements. The world about him
was commonplace and ordinary, just as
always on a late spring morning in the
country. But he could not shake off the
illusive feeling.

  He tried to; he tried to think of other
things. He whistled and smoked again,
but found it useless.

  He heard an automobile behind him—
the commonplace honk! of the horn and
the chug of the engine! A touring car,
bearing only a driver, came up to him.
The car stopped as Avison waved his
arm.

  “Can you give me a lift?” the scientist
called.

  “Sure.”

  Avison took a seat beside the driver,
and looked at him searchingly.

  “You’re Johnston, aren’t you?” he asked
as the car started.

  “Yes, but I don’t remember you,” the
other man said.

  “My name is Avison—Charles Avison.”

  Johnston looked at him quickly.

  “Are you Charles Avison?” he asked.
“I have heard of you many times.”

  He stretched out a gauntleted hand
and found his companion’s thin, long-
fingered one.

  “We can’t be far from Smithford, can
we?” Avison asked.

  Smithford was a little town but a few
miles from his home.

  “About fifteen miles,” replied the
WHO IS CHARLES AVISON?

113

driver. “And what are you doing along
this road at this hour, may I ask?”
“Taking a morning walk,” replied
Avison.

THE road was becoming more familiar.
He knew many of the names that
he saw on the mail-boxes. He knew the
dog that barked from the gateway of a
farmhouse—a dog that had always barked
at him. But yet he was perplexed and
bewildered by the lingering sensation of
unfamiliarity.

  After ten miles the automobile slowed.
“I have to turn here,” said Johnston.
“Which way are you going?”

  “Straight on, I guess; and thank you.”
Avison hopped out of the slowly mov-
ing car, and started again down the dusty
road. He began to wonder why Johnston
had not recognized him; they had passed
each other several times. Avison put his
hands to his face. He felt several days’
growth of hair.

  Of course, that was the reason. He
needed a shave very badly on the day
of his ascent, and in the five days at
least that he was in the air a black
growth had covered his cheeks and chin.
And his face felt thinner; the bones pro-
truded.

  Soon he passed a farmhouse—one where
he had often stopped for a meal while
quail hunting. So he entered the gate;
he was hungry for a warm breakfast again.
He knew the dog that came to meet him,
and patted its furry head. The old woman
at the doorway did not recognize him.

  He told her what he wanted, and she
led him to the kitchen. He washed in a
basin at the back and looked at himself
in the glass.

  No wonder the others had not known
him! His face was much thinner; great,
dark bags hung beneath his eyes.

  Who would have thought that the days
in the air could have been such a physical
strain? His white, hollow cheeks and
wide, black eyes, in contrast to tire black
hair, shocked him. No wonder he remained
unknown to Johnston and the woman.

  During the meal he asked but one
question, and it was a peculiar one.

  “What’s the date?” he asked.

  The old woman looked up quickly.

  “Twenty-fourth,” she replied.

  Avison had gone up on the sixteenth.
He had been two days unconscious!

  And still the brooding strangeness per-
plexed and bewildered him.

  Again he was out on the road. He
picked up another ride soon, and when
he came to Smithford, he took off the
grease-stained clothes he had worn on
the air journey. He laughed at himself
in the suit he had just bought. In bad
need of a hair-cut and shave, and in
different clothes, he wondered if Agnes
would know him.

  The small town was at the end of his
walk. He could take the train from there
to his home. He walked about the town.
Although he was well known there and
many people looked at him interestedly,
none came up to speak to him. He laughed
to himself over the fact that even an old
friend did not know him.

  The train—the slow old train in which
he had so often ridden—pulled in an
hour later. By now it was noon; the
Avison place was scarcely a half-hour’s
ride away. He remembered the worn-out
plush on the seat of the cars, the con-
ductor who punched his ticket. But always
something was not quite the same.

  “The trip has affected my mind,” he
said at last.

  He could almost scream at the harass-
ment of it all. He could not analyze or
place his finger on the difference, but it
was there, it was everywhere! The change
of circumstance brooded about him and
haunted him and made him grip his hands.
His eyes widened at the thought of it.

  Was he asleep? Or hurt?

  Or dead?—Dead! Anything was pos-
sible to him now.

  What if he were dead?

  Then he laughed at himself for being
a fool. The laugh was hysterical; the
train newsie eyed him suspiciously. He
pinched himself on the arm, and the hurt
114

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

was real. But something had changed him,
or changed the world in which he lived.

  The train stopped at last at Avison’s
own town, at the outskirts of which stood
his own house. Agnes lived here, too. Half-
frightened, Avison wondered whether
Agnes would know him.

  “But it would be good sport if she
didn’t!”

  So he dropped into a second-hand store
and traded his trim cap for an old, bat-
tered hat. This he pulled down over his
eyes, and started down the quiet street.
Some boys stared at him as he passed, but
no one spoke in recognition. A dog that
he knew slunk away from him.

  Even the town was different!

  Yes! The stores and the people and
the fountains and the sparrows in the
streets and the signs were all the same
in every physical particular. But there
had been change, and Avison swore at
himself.

AT a street-corner he saw a group
of men talking quietly. Although
they glanced at him, they did not speak
to him. And yet he knew every one of
them!

  As he passed he heard his name men-
tioned. He paused a minute as if to stare
across the street.

  “I knew it would happen some time,”
old Felix Barnes was saying. “I’ve told
him so a hundred times. But he would
go on making experiments. It’s a good
thing his mother isn’t alive. It would about
kill her.”

  “And they say Agnes Cole is just pros-
trated,” said another of the group.

  Agnes Cole! Avison listened more at-
tentively.

  “The funeral procession ought to start
soon,” said another.

  A ghastly feeling of sickness rose in
Avison. He clenched his hands.

  “How did it happen, anyway? Does
anybody know?” asked a youth. “I just
got back to town, and this is the first I’ve
heard of it.”

  From under his arm Barnes drew a

folded newspaper, which he opened slowly.

  “Here’s the account—as much as an>
one kiifljvs,” he explained. “Avison wenl
up on the sixteenth for a four-day trip
according to Miss Cole. He had some
scheme for beating gravity, mind you
Think of that—beating gravity!”

“Poor fellow!” murmured the youth.

  “Well, they found his machine wreckec
to pieces just outside of town yesterday
Every bone in his body was broken. 1
heard the crash myself when the machine
fell.”

  Panic-stricken, Avison turned away. Hi
pinched himself again. His eyes were wide,
he knew. His scalp twitched. At a news-
stand he bought a paper, and feverishly
read of his own death.

  The machine, said the account, was
broken to pieces. The name plate, on
which appeared the word

Vulcan

had been found, however.

  Wildly Avison grasped at every pos-
sibility that came to his mind. Coincidence,
of course. But what a devilish one! Some
aviator had been killed, so badly crushed
that even his own family had mistaken
his identity. Avison mu$t hurry out to
his home and tell his family that he lived
He must tell Agnes, too.

  But was he alive?

  He cursed himself as a fool for letting
the question come to his mind. But what
did he know of the region and state of
death? His eyes widened even more at
the thought of it.

  But it couldn’t be that—it couldn’t!
He pricked his chest with a pin. Then
he pricked his hand till he brought blood.

  He came in sight of the old church
where he had gone to Sunday school as
a boy, and where his father had gone
before him. The old ivy-grown church,
with its sleepy belfry and its quiet lawn.
Out in front were many carriages and
automobiles. The sound of singing came
up to him—a funeral dirge.
WHO IS CHARLES AVISON?

115

  Avison hung back. He was afraid to
go on to that church.

  What if the bo<ly in the coffin should
be his?

  He cursed himself again, and slowly
went on. But he must see the dead man
before the coffin was closed! He began
to walk swiftly.

  He climbed the steps and entered the
church doors. It was filled with his own
friends. The sexton looked at him, but
did not recognize him. Timidly he sat
down, just beside an acquaintance. The
man was weeping quietly.

  The service was nearing its close when
Avison entered. Almost at once the white-
haired old parson said that those who
wished might look again at the body.

  The people stood up, the young scientist
with them. AgneS in black, her face tear-
stained, was in front. Near her stood his
sister, weeping. He dared not approach
them. There was his uncle—all of his
cousins. Slowly and wearily the train of
people began to walk past the long coffin
of black. Avison followed them.

  “What if it is?” he whispered. “What
if it is?”

  He gripped himself and resolved to
keep his control. He came slowly up.

  And the pall-bearers saw a young man
at the end of the line—one who looked
familiar, and yet whom they thought they
did not know; one who needed a shave
and wore a ridiculous suit of clothes—
clench his hands until the nails nearly
tore the flesh, and go white as the flowers
banked about the coffin.

  Avison rushed to the open air. Then
he pressed his hands to his lips to sup-
press a scream.

  “It is I!” he moaned. “It is my own
body!"

  And winding away out of the town,
the funeral procession had started for the
graveyard.

CONSIDERING everything, - Avison
kept his self-control welL«_ He re-
solved that he would not go insane. That
there had been some monstrous coinci-

dence. That the smooth face in the coffin
was not his own. But this reflection was
the only thing that preserved his sanity.

  That day passed, and that night, and
still the young man did not sleep. He
had secured a room in the hotel, and
he tried to forget, in the smoke of many
strong cigars. That a ghost could smoke
cigars! In the morning he slept a little.

  That day his beard was longer than
ever, and this, together with the thinness
of his face, disguised him perfectly. At
ten he caught a train for a near-by city.
There he could think it out, away from
Agnes and his mourning relatives, to
whom he felt a deadly fear of identifying
himself.

  In the city he secured a hotel room,
and again tried to think. He was baffled,
bewildered, afraid. The strangeness of
everything remained, but not in such a
marked degree as in his home town.

  “A coincidence,” he kept repeating. “It
must be! It can’t be anything else!”

  After a few days he began to think
of his science again. What if he were
taken for dead? He himself knew now
that he was alive and well. He ate heartily
at the hotel grill; he saw an occasional
movie.

  But yet he could not go back to the
Avison place nor to Agnes—at least until
the memory of the familiar face in the
coffin had faded from the minds of those
at home. He shut it out of his own mind.

  Then he thought of his machine out
in the great deserted barn. They had found
the wreck of the dead man’s machine,
and machines do not have ghosts. He felt
more himself every day. Finally he re-
membered that an observatory in connec-
tion with a great university was situated
just outside the city. So one day he had
his beard and mustache trimmed, put on
a large pair of dark glasses, and went
out to talk to the head of the astronomy
department.

  “I am Vunden, of Heidelberg,” he told
Gray, the old astronomer, “and I would
like a position. The money part of it is
of no importance to me.”
116

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  This did not surprise Gray. He knew
many men on the faculty who worked
only for the love of it. He questioned the
young man, whose knowledge of the stars
he found amazing. So Gray procured
“Vunden” a position on a low salary, and
Avison went to work again at his old
love. It was only for a little while, he
thought, until he could straighten out
things a little better in his mind. The
work might make him forget; at least
it would end the monotony of idleness.

  But it came about that he was not
long at the observatory. A few weeks after
he obtained his position there came an
eclipse of the sun. That noon, as Avison
stared into the eye-piece of the telescope,
he saw for an instant at the edge of the
dark rim of the nioon a new planet. The
significance of it struck Avison squarely
between the eyes.

  He sat back, staring into space for a
few seconds, then started up with raised
arms. Gray, the old astronomer, found
him laughing and crying hysterically.

  “What’s the matter, Vunden?” he de-
manded.

  “Matter? Matter! Great Heavens!” be-
gan Avison excitedly. Then he calmed
himself. “I have made the greatest dis-
covery in the scientific world. I have made
two of them, in fact! But this one is the
greatest in the history of astronomy! Look
through the telescope!”

  “What is it?’’ questioned Gray as he
adjusted t^e glass.

  “Look!” Avison rasped.

  Gray glanced a moment at the tiny
orb. The moon hid it as he watched.

  “A new planet!” The old man was
staggered. “Why has it never been seen
before?”

  His face flamed.

  “I can tell you why! It is in perpetual
eclipse by the sun just opposite from
us. The once or twice a year it is not
eclipsed, probably on account of the eclipse
of the earth’s course around the sun, it
is too near the sun to be seen. Don’t you
understand? Don’t you?”

  “But why—”

  “Oh. I will tell you everything, soon.

But first tell me this: Along the twentieth
of May was there a kind of meteoric
disturbance—a comet?”

  “How came you not to notice that? A
meteor swept very near the earth. But
tell me—”

  “No. Let me go. I won’t explain now.
I can’t. But I will write to you in a day
or so.”

  Then as he hurried out: “To think
that I should find out the truth at last!”

IT WAS only a day or so later that
Vunden disappeared as if from the face
of the earth. But a mimeograph copy of
a strange letter came to every great
scientist in the nation. And one letter,
the original, came to one recipient who
was not a scientist at all. Agnes Cole.

  It made many a gray-haired astronomer
shake his head unbelievingly. But Agnes
understood. The communication read:

  To Agnes and to the Scientific Men
  of the World:

     I do not expect you to believe what
   I have written here, but 1 only ask that
   you investigate and you will then learn
   that what I say is true. And I, Charles
   David Avison, of There, not of Here
   —but an equal in mind, ability, and
   genius of the Charles David Avison who
   died for science, Here, of whom you
   already know—I swear to you that it
   is the truth.

     If you do not believe, it is no mat-
   ter. For even now I feel that perhaps
   I am doing wrong to add to the knowl-
   edge of the world wherein I do not
   belong.

     Understand firs! that there are two
  earth worlds. In order that you may
  not confuse them, I will call the one
  in which 1 now am Here. The other is
  There.

     Both were thrown off from the sun
  as spiral nebula at the same instant.
  Here went one direction, and There the
  other. Both being of the same size,
  gravity overcame the centrifugal force
  at exactly the same distance in space
  from the sun.

    The two cooled the same time, of
  course, their oceans formed coinci-
  dentally, and the first germs of life
  appeared upon There at the identical
  instant that they appeared Here.
WHO IS CHARLES AVISON?

117

   1 have already told you enough lo
enable you lo understand what oc-
curred. There is no fate or chance in
life—everything is cause and effect,
cause and effect.

   So as life developed There, its exact
counterpart developed Here. For every
caveman There, one was Here—his
exact counterpart in appearance.
Everything that he did or thought
or fell, the caveman Here did or
thought or felt at the same time. And
so it was through the ages.

   When I, Charles David Avison, was
born There, Charles David Avison was
born Here. When he began to love,

I began to love. When he made that
greatest discovery of all ages—the S
waves which, conducted through a cer-
tain substance, will render it immune
to the attraction of gravity, I made it
There. Together we built spherical ma-
chines, and at the same second chris-
tened them the Vulcan.

   I will not tefl here of my discovery,
but will leave it for some one else to
make. One who belongs on this Here
of yours. Yonr world has had its Avi-
son; my world still awaits the benefits
accruing from the discoveries of its
own Avison.

   On the same day we each made trial
flights, I There on that far-away
counterpart world, and he Here. A few
months later, on the sixteenth of May,
we left our worlds. He left Here and I
left There, and each of us floated away
toward the stars.

  Each of us had air for many days
and food enough. But then for the
first time something happened There
that did not happen Here. For the first
time the dualism was broken.

  A meteor came near There when
one did not come Here. My Vulcan was
attracted to it by gravity, and before I

could throw the S waves into the metal
covering to render us immune, I was
sweeping after it at a terrific pace,
faster than our finite minds can con-
ceive. I became unconscious then. Why,

I do not know.

  And I see now what happened. The
meteor carried me across that infinite
expanse to a point where the gravity
of I his world began to grip me. 1 began
to fall.

  I remember now that when I wak-
ened the sea was below me. I remember
that I threw on the S waves just in
time, and floated down to safety.

  1 do not know how the other Charles
Avison of Here fell to his death. 1 know
that bis machine was as good as mine,
for the laws of cause and effect or-
dered it so. I can only attribute his
fall to some influence on this meteW,
this monstrous disturber out of space.
The meteor probably never struck the
earth. It might now be buried deep in
the cold surface of the moon.

  I have no place in this world of
yours; I am a stranger here. In fact,

1	have no place anywhere now, for my
counterpart is dead. If I stay here the
old dualism will be broken still more,
and our two worlds would soon become
most different places. It is broken, any-
way, now. For there is a man’s body
beneath the grass of Here, that is not
There.

  When you get this I will have
boarded my Vulcan and will have
started out into that strange, wonderful
maze of worlds.

  Perhaps I will go home-or perhaps

to a new world. Perhaps I will not get
anywhere. But I do not care. I would
die out there among the stars, or per-
haps on their unknown surfaces, the
greatest voyager that the worlds have
ever known.
The Gravity
Experiment

By J. U. GIESY

Author of "Palos of the Dog-Star Pack,” etc.

 There were no rules in Patrolman
 McGuiness’ manual for enforcing
 the Law of Gravity

charms. So he kept close now as with a

tapping of quick little heels on polished

wood she entered the living-room of the

house via the entrance hall.

And then Nellie paused. She stared at

the figure of a small man with spectacles

 "Whu-roo!" He gave vent to a fuii-toned Irish on the bridge of a high, thin nose, and
 Shout of amazed comprehension, and continued • „	i	„	. , .

his progress aloft	iron-gray whiskers. He stood with back-

“1% /TEOUW!” The sound was one of
It I feline protestation, a sort of out-
raged plaint, uttered in the ac-
cents of a snarling rage.

  “Goodness! Was that Fluffy?” exclaimed
Miss Nellie Zapt to her fiance, Bob Sar-
gent, with whom she was sitting in the
dusk, back of the vines on the porch of
her father’s house.

  “Sounded like her voice, at any rate,”
Bob agreed.

  “Meouw! Psst! Zit!”

  Nellie started to her feet and stood
slenderly poised as a fresh outburst of
something suspiciously like inarticulate
profanity drifted to her ears. And then
she laid hold of her companion.

  “Come along, there’s something wrong,”
she urged, and dragged him to his feet.

  She darted into the house intent on
learning what had evoked the outcries so
vociferously emitted by her pet, and Sar-
gent followed very much as he had been
following her for something like a year.
She was a dainty, glowing creature, and
Bob was all tangled up in her feminine

tilted head, beside a small tin pail de-
posited on the table in the center of the
room.

  “Father!” Miss Zapt gasped.

  And Sargent also exclaimed. “Good
Lord!”

  “Eh?” Xenophon Xerxes Zapt, “Un-
known Quantity Zapt,” as his associates
sometimes called him because of the double
“X” in his name, the celebrated investiga-
tor of the unknown in science, lowered his
head and jerked it around in the direction
of his daughter’s voice. There was the
atmosphere about him of a small boy ap-
prehended in some prank. He put out a
hand and laid it on the little tin pail. “Did
you speak, my dear?” Out of near-sighted
blue eyes, he peered at his radiant offspring
who had drawn herself up in an indignant
fashion.

  “I did,” said Miss Zapt firmly. “I sup-
pose you're responsible for that?”

She lifted a graceful arm and pointed
overhead, as indeed she very well might,
considering that she pointed at the wildly
gyrating form of a superb Angora cat.
One would hardly expect to find a Per-

 Copyrighted. 1919, by The Frank A. Munaey Co. under the title: “Zapt'8 Repulsive Paste

                                    118
THE GRAVITY EXPERIMENT

119

sian Angora flattened, with no visible
means of support, against the ceiling of a
room, as this one certainly was. She hung
there threshing with frantic legs at the im-
palpable air, with a motion not unlike a
rather desperate effort at swimming. Then
she spun herself about in a circle, marked
by a rapidly alternating head, from which
gleamed yellow eyes and a twitching bushy
tail. Her behavior was little short of
hysteria.

   “Meouw!” she voiced her troubled state
 once more as she heard her mistress’s voice.

   With poor tact Sargent chuckled. “Seems
 to have got the Angora’s angora,” he began.

   Miss Zapt gave him a withering glance.

   “Never mind, Fluffy pet,” she called en-
 couragement to the glaring creature that
 had temporarily given over its efforts and
 rested with back-pressed against the ceil-
 ing.

   And then she bore down on the little
man who had once more lifted his eyes
to the animal above him. “I suppose this
is another of your detestable experiments,”
she went on in a voice half tears and half
rage. “What have you done to my cat?”

   “Nothing, nothing—about the seventy-
fifth of an ounce.” Professor Zapt fumbled
in his pocket for notebook and pencil,
opened the former and touched the latter
to his lips.

   “Father!” Miss Zapt seized both book
and pencil. She stamped her foot.

   “Eh? Oh, yes, yes—exactly.” Xenophon
Xerxes glanced into her flushed face. “As
a matter of fact I have done nothing to
your pet, my child. Nothing at all worth
mentioning, that is. Indeed, as you will
note I have even exercised extreme caution.
I have closed the windows, and the ceiling,
of course, prevents her further ascension.
But if you refer to her present position—”

   “It is rather unusual, don’t you think,
 professor?” said Bob. “Now if she were
 a flying squirrel—”

  “Exactly,” Xenophon Zapt cut him
short. “The term flying-squirrel is a mis-
nomer, however, Robert. The qjpmal so-
called is incapable of sustaining itself for
any considerable time in the air. As to the

 former part of your remark, however, hers
 is indeed a most unusual position. It is
 that which proves the complete success of
 my experiment. You are now witnessing
 one of the marvels of the ages—voluntary
 levitation. The rediscovery of one of the
 lost secrets of the ancients. The means by
 which—”

   Abruptly Nellie caught up the little pail.
 “I suppose your lost secret’s in this?”

  And swiftly Xenophon Zapt put out a
hand to retrieve what she had seized.
“Nellie,” he commanded sternly, “replace
that receptacle where you found it. As
you surmise, it contains a substance of
incalculable value. The first practical
preparation of Zapt’s Repulsive Paste.”

   “Wha-a-at!” Sargent crossed to gaze in-
 to the little bucket his fiancee was holding.
 “Does look sort of repulsive,” he agreed
 after a glance at the mess in the bottom of
 the pail. “But—you mean this stuff is
 responsible for Fluffy’s sudden elevation
 in life?”

   “Exactly.” Professor Zapt nodded. “The
 animal is not injured except in her feelings,

 I assure you. I merely rubbed a very small
 portion of the paste into the fur on the
 under side of her body, and she assumed
 the position you are now privileged to be-
 hold. I am sure that in later years you
 will be glad to recall this evening, to re-
 member that you were the first to witness
 the reapplication of those principles once
 before known to our race. You—”

   “Just at present,” his daughter inter-
 rupted, “I’m far more interested in know-
 ing whether, having sent her up there, you
 intend letting her remain until she starves
 to death.”

  “Eh?” Professor Zapt frowned.
“Starves? Why, certainly not. Having
demonstrated to our satisfaction the effi-
cacy of this latest addition to science, we
may consider the test as ended. If Robert
will obtain a stepladder from the basement,
and you will procure some water in order
that we may wash off the paste—”

   “Sure,” Bob said, and departed on his
errand. Nellie went with him as far as
the kitchen.
120

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

  T)ROFI£SSOR ZAPT shook his head in
depreciative fashion, retrieved his
notebook and pencil from the table where
Nellie had cast them, and began jotting
down certain memoranda. His thin lips
moved as his pencil traced its way across
a page. “The seventy-fifth part of an
ounce,” he muttered.

   Above his graying head glared a very
much disgruntled cat. It was not the first
time her mistress’s father had made her
the subject of some experiment.

   Sargent and Nellie reappeared in due
season. Bob set up his ladder and mounted
to the rescue. Below, Nellie waited with
a basin of warm water and a soft cloth in
her hands.

   “Lay her on her back,” Professor Zapt
advised as Sargent descended with the
Angora clinging desperately to him. “That
way she will not present any tendency to
rise. The paste does not affect anything be-
neath it, but merely what is superimposed.
That is the secret of its adaptability.”
“Exactly,” Bob said, grinning, and got
down upon his knees.

   Nellie knelt beside him. Together they
 administered to the resentful cat. While
 Bob held her, Nellie applied water to the
 body of her pet and dried her fur with the
 cloth. Fluffy glared, but submitted to su-
 perior force.

   “Steady,” said Bob at last, and turned
 her over. He removed his restraining hands,
 and in a flash she vanished through the
 door into the hall.

  Xenophon watched the entire perfor-
mance, his blue eyes glowing behind their
lenses. He nodded as she disappeared. He
rubbed his hands together as Bob rose
and assisted Nellie to her feet. “A very
satisfactory experiment,” he declared; “a
very satisfactory experiment indeed.”

   “If you don’t let Fluffy alone”—Nellie
 turned on him— “I’ll—I’ll pack up and
 leave home.” For years, since her mother’s
 death, she had taken care of the little
 man’s temporal wants and managed the
 house, but there were times when his com-
 plete attention to his scientific pursuits
 and his lack of attention to everything else,

 got badly on her nerves. And now her vio-
 let eyes were winking, and her red mouth
 quivered.

   “Any time you feel like that, I’ll see
 you have another to go to,” Bob suggested
 as she paused, with a little catch in breath.

   “Ahem!” Xenophon Xerxes Zapt glared.
He did not approve so wholly of Bob as
did his daughter. “Do not make any pre-
mature preparations, Robert,” he said,
after a rather tense interval in which
Nellie blushed. “The animal is not injured,
as you yourself have seen, and as Nellie
will realize in time. The main difficulty
against which scientists have to contend
in these days of self-interest is the con-
ventional attitude of the average mind.

   “Human beings are prone to allow some
 purely personal view-point to overshadow
 the major object to be attained. In the
 present instance it is consideration for a
 cat. It is permitted to obscure the fact
 that through her use we have demonstrated
 the rediscovery of the means by which the
 Egyptians built the Pyramids.”

   “What? By Jove!” Sargent opened his
eyes in wonder as the point struck home.
“You really mean that, professor?”
“Exactly,” said Xenophon Zapt be-
nignly, and stroked the graying whiskers
on either side of his chin.

   ‘But if that’s the Qase,” Bob began
quickly, and came to a tonguetied pause.
“It is the case, Robert.”

  “I know—but—” Sargent floundered.
“If it is, why couldn’t you have proved it
just as well with a book or a rock or a
box?”

   For an instant the professor’s blue eyes
 twinkled. “I suppose I could have done
 so, Robert,” he replied, “but, as a matter
 of fact, I took the first object at hand when
 I was ready to make the test. I—er—that
 is, I didn’t give the matter any further
 thought.

  “My mind was focused on the larger
point, the demonstration which proves be-
yond question that Zapt’s Repulsive Paste
will revolutionize the commercial world.
By means of it we shall be able to ac-
complish marvels heretofore quite beyond
THE GRAVITY EXPERIMENT

121

 any engineering scope. We shall, by insert-
 ing definite quantities of the paste between
 the object to be transported and the earth,
 be able to move enormous buildings, nullify
 the weight of tremendous loads, alter the
 entire present-day conception as apper-
 taining to weight.”

  -“I don’t doubt it,” Bob agreed in actu-
ally enthusiastic fashion. “Lord, professor,
it’s simply wonderful when you explain
it; and it's already sent Fluffy to the ceil-
ing, and moved Nellie to tears.”

  “You beast,” said Miss Zapt; but she
smiled.

  Her father frowned. “My chief objection
to you, Robert, is the somewhat bizarre
sense of humor which induces you to ap-
proach matters of weight in a light mood.
If you would refrain from undue levity,
there are times'"when I would be inclined
to appreciate your otherwise not unin-
telligent apprehension of the results of
scientific investigation.”

  “I beg your pardon, sir,” Bob apolo-
gized meekly. “What was it you were say-
ing about the Pyramids?”

  “The world has long marveled how they
were built, how it was possible to transport
and place in their walls monoliths of such
enormous size. The answer was suggested
some years ago, but never carried further,
so far as I am aware. It was reserved for
me to prove the truth of that suggestion
and give again to the world a substance
similar in effect at least to the one they
used.

  “That substance you have seen in oper-
ation tonight. It is in principle a screen
for gravitation. Objects above it become
for the moment practically devoid of
weight; mere trifles light as air.”

  “You mean it cuts off the operation of
gravitation on anything above it?” Bob
asked. “Why, that’s marvelous, professor.”
“Exactly,” Xenophon Zapt agreed.
“Dead or alive?”

  “Animate or inanimate, as you have
seen.” The professor rubbed his hands.
He eyed the stylish shoes his-daughter’s
fiance was wearing. “For instance, Robert,

I	could rub a certain amount on the soles

of your shoes, and you would walk a cer-
tain distance from the floor. Depending
upon the quantity employed in proportion
to your weight, you would rise slightly or
higher, as the centripetal force of the earth
revolutions threw you off.

  “The entire action is capable of regula-
tion by means of a calculation based upon
the weight of the object to be moved. If I
knew your exact weight I could cause you
to lose ponderability altogether. I could
even make you disappear. Still,” he sighed,
“I presume Nellie would object to that
even more loudly than she protested my
use of the cat. However, as a matter of
scientific demonstration, it would be in-
teresting, I think.”

  “Oh, very.” Bob drew his modish foot-
wear well under the chair in which he was
sitting, and Nellie stiffened.

  Xenophon Zapt arose. “I think I shall
go to my study now and write a brief
account of my experiment. Tomorrow I
shall begin the preparation of a large
amount of the powder which, blended with
water, constitutes the paste. I shall or-
ganize a company after a bit. If you wish,
Robert, I shall permit you to purchase a
reasonable amount of stock. Good night.”
“Good night, sir. Thank you,” said Bob,
and watched him disappear, a quaint little
figure in his loose slippers, his iron-gray
whiskers and his shapeless, flapping coat.

  And after the professor was quite out
of sight, Bob turned to Nellie. “Lord! Do
you suppose he’s really got it?” he re-
marked. “Something surely happened to
Fluffy, and after we washed off the paste
she was all right, and—I guess those old
wiseacres did know something in their day.
It makes a fellow feel funny—Egyptians
and Pyramids, and all those old things.”
Five minutes later, while Professor
Xenophon Xerxes Zapt drew paper before
him and dipped his pen in ink, his daughter
and Sargent sat very close together on the
living-room couch.

rpRUE to his promise, Professor Xeno-
-L phon Xerxes Zapt spent the major
portion of the succeeding day mixing and
122

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

blending the ingredients of the powder
which, when mixed with water, constituted
the Repulsive Paste. He heaped it upon
a tray and left it on a table in the upstairs
room that he habitualy used as the scene
of his scientific investigations—a room
overlooking, from broad windows, the tree-
shaded street.

  And the succeeding morning he charged
downstairs about ten and informed Nellie
that he had nearly overlooked the fact that
he meant to attend the meeting of a scien-
tific body to which he belonged in a neigh-
boring town. In considerable haste he ar-
rayed himself in clean shirt and collar, the
frock-coat, to which he consistently clung,
and hat, and was on the point of de-
parture for a train, when Nellie suggested
that he had better wear his shoes, rather
than the slippers on his feet. The pro-
fessor acceding rather impatiently to the
suggestion, the change of footgear was
made and he departed. After that the day
dragged past until four o’clock.

   At that hour Bob Sargent, seated in the
 office where he dispensed legal advice to
 sundry clients, answered a ring on his
 phone.

  ‘‘Oh, Bobby,” came the voice of Miss
Zapt; “come up to dinner. Dad’s gone to
one of his society meetings and he won’t
be home till rather late, and with all these
recent burglaries and hold-ups in the city,
I’m sort of nervous.”

  “Yes, you are,” said Sargent with the
chuckle, deriding the confession of Miss
Zapt’s timorous nerves.

   “Yes, really, I am,” she insisted. “You’ll
come, won’t you, Bob?”

   ‘T sill,” said Bob without hesitation
And he did.

   Because he was in love, and a dinner
with his sweetheart tete-a-tete is something
no true lover in his senses will pass up.
He arrived about six with a box of Nellie’s
favorite candy and anticipations of a
pleasant evening, since Miss Zapt’s ex-
perience as manager of her father’s house-
hold had made a dinner under her super-
vision a thing not to be missed.

   In this particular case anticipation
proved no more than the precursor of re-
alization. The dinner was a course affair
of finely balanced quality, and the two
young people rather dallied over it, from
soup to cheese, as young people sometimes
will, until a sudden deepening of the twi-
light sent Nellie to the window just as a
peal of thunder reverberated sharply
through the house.

   “Goodness, it’s going to rain cats and
dogs, Bob!” she exclaimed. “The sky’s as
black as ink.”

   “Let ’er rain,” said Sargent, content
with a well-filled stomach and the society
of the lady of his affections. “We’ve a good
roof over our heads, so we should worry.”
“I was thinking of father,” Nellie ex-
plained and giggled as she recounted the
professor’s attempt to leave home without
his shoes. “He’s so absent-minded about
little things. Mercy!”

  A small cyclone seemed sweeping
through the house, sending curtains eddy-

NO EXTRA COST
FOR VITAMI

(CAROTENE)

▼RAD

SMITH BROS.
COUGH DROPS

(BLACK OR MENTHOL-Sty
THE GRAVITY EXPERIMENT

123

ing in flapping streamers, and doors bang-
ing as they were caught and slammed in
the draft.

  There followed a few moments of rapid
effort in closing windows and making all
secure, and then youth and maiden stood
briefly watching the first dashing flurry of
the summer shower, before they pulled
down the shades and withdrew to a low-
toned conversation, dealing as usual under
similar conditions, quite largely with them-
selves.

  Meanwhile, some distance up the street,
a large and heavy-set figure sheltered it-
self as best it might beneath an arching
tree, while waiting for the shower to pass.

  It was that of Officer Dan McGuiness,
patrolman on the beat that included the
Zapt house. It wasn’t a very exciting beat
as a rule, but recently Danny had been
nursing hopes. As Miss Zapt had said to
Bob that, afternoon, there had been a lot
of burglaries of late and Danny really
couldn’t see why fate should not be kind
and send one of the as yet unapprehended
prowlers into his quiet street. He was
thinking about it now as he listened to
the patter of the rain among the leaves.

  “Shure it would be a grand noght for a
poorch-climber to git in his fancy wuruk,”
he soliloquized. “Th’ wind an’ th’ rain
would cover any noises he might be makin’.
Tis th’ sort of noight I’d consider as made
to me order was I a burglar myself.”

  And the thought having taken hold upon
him was with him still, as the shower swept
on across the countryside, and the moon
appearing, began to flirt with the dripping
landscape from behind a veil of ragged
clouds. It sent him on down the street
with a wary eye for any burglarious-minded
individual who might have been of the
same opinion as himself.

  Thus he came in time to a house, \yith
a wide front porch, above which was an
open window; and rising over the top of'
the porch as Danny watched, an object
like a human head.

  With a heart beginning to l^gat more
quickly, McGuiness drew into the shadow
of a tree and waited He knew this house

as the home of Professor Xenophon Xerxes
Zapt, inhabited by the old man and his
daughter. That open window and the head
rising cautiously over the edge of the porch
roof fitted in with the thoughts McGuiness
had been entertaining. He thrust his club
into its loop and felt for his revolver. He
was convinced that at last he had been
given his chance to prove himself.

  The head kept on rising. It was followed
by a crouching body, and a pair of legs.
It became the figure of a man crawling on
top of the porch toward the open window
with the silent caution of stealth. Once
it appeared to hesitate, to slip on the slant-
ing surface, and then it again went on.

OFFICER McGUINESS had seen
enough. He drew his gun and started
at a heavy run for the gate in the fence
before the house. And having reached it,
he slipped through it without sound. He
did not follow the walk, but tiptoed with
burly caution over the dampened lawn,
made his way quite close to the porch.
Then and then only did he lift his voice
in a heavy, authoritative summons:
“Coom out of ut, me poorch-climbin’
beauty. What are ye doin’ up there?”

  For a moment the figure above him went
flat. The flirtatious moon peeped out long
enough to reval it sprawled on the rain-
soaked shingles. And then, in most sur-
prising fashion, it floated straight up into
the air!

  Danny McGuiness stared. Little by little
while his breath came harshly, he tilted
back his head to observe that most amaz-
ing ascent of a human body without ap-
parent means or visible cause.

  The man was swimming up as one might
swim in water, to judge by the frantic
threshing of his arms and legs. But—
Danriy had never heard of anyone’s swim-
ming in the air.

  His eyes popped and his jaw dropped
as his intended prisoner mounted twenty,
fifty, seventy feet and paused, seemingly
unable to go any higher. The policeman
removed his helmet and scratched his head.
The thing wras beyond all precedent of
124	FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

experience, a defiance of natural law. A
criminal accosted might vault a fence, or
climb a wall, or even scale a building in
an effort at escape; but to drop on his face
and bounce into the air—and—stay there
like a—like a kite! Danny put some of his
bewilderment into a baffled mutter.

  “He went up,” he mumbled. “I ask, is
ut a man, or a flea or a flyin’ fish, devil
take ’im. Coom down, I says, an’ instead
of realizin’ th’ disadvantages of his posi-
tion, he rose straight up like a airyplane
an’ there he is.”

  And then remembering the dignity of
the law and his own standing as a repre-
sentative of its force, he addressed the
figure above him: “Well, that’s enough
now. Yer quite a burd to judge by yer
actions, but—come on down out of that,
and light.”

  Above him the figure was still undergo-
ing contortions beneath the moon and the
broken clouds. As he spoke it rolled half-
way over and started like a plummet for
the earth. Out of it there broke a strangled
exclamation of sheer instinctive terror. By
a wild effort it again reversed its position
and once more shot aloft.

  “Up an’ down,” said Officer McGuiness.
“Ye’ve foine control an’ quite a lot of
speed, an’ that was a grand exhibition.
But finish th’ trip next time. I’ve seen
enough of yer tricks.”

  There followed a breathless interval and
then a gasping response, “I c-a-a-a-an’t! ”
“Huh?” Officer McGuiness began to feel
the least bit annoyed. He began to enter-
tain a suspicion that this night-hawk was
making sport of a member of the police.
At the least he was denying what Danny
had actually seen with his own good eyes.
“Ye can’t, can’t ye?” he remarked at
length. “Well, th’ way ut looked to me, ye
started out all right.”

  “Yes, an’ if I’d a kept on, you dub, I’d
a broke my neck.”

  “Shmall loss an’ ye’d had,” said Danny,
his anger rising at the other man’s form
of address. “An’ ’tis not all noight I hov
to stand here watchin’ ye act like a
bloomin’ bat.”

  “Who’s actin’?” It was a snarl that
answered. “If you think I’m doin’ this for
my health-you got even less sense than th’
average cop. I tell you—”

  “That’s enough. You don’t need to tell
me nuthin’.” Officer McGuiness’s outraged
dignity came to his aid. “You’re under
arrest.”

  “Oh, am I?” Apparently the man in the
air was inclined to dispute the patrolman.

  “Ye are.” Danny stood by his statement
none the less.

  “Then why don’t you come up and get
me?”

  “Because I ain’t no rubber ball.” It
was a taunt and nothing else, and Danny
knew it, but he didn’t know exactly what
to do about it. He shifted his position,
moving in until he stood close beside the
porch.

  It was a most amazing situation. He
might call the fire department and get the
extension-tower, but that would ruin the
professor’s lawn. He might shoot the de-
fiant captive, and yet he doubted if such
action on his part would be considered as
justified. There might be a question as to
whether or no a man’s floating up in the
air constituted resisting arrest.

  He had been taught that an officer
should always keep cool. Only it was hard
to keep cool in the face of such an amaz-
ing situation. Once more he scratched his
head and eyed the figure between himself
and the moon. The odd thing was the
fellow didn’t go any higher or even try to
swim off. That was another thing that
Danny couldn’t understand. In fact, he
couldn’t understand anything that had hap-
pened during the last fifteen minutes. The
whole thing was a bit too much for his
brain.

  “How do you do ut?” he asked at length.

  “I don’t do it, you square-head.” The
flying man disclaimed all hint at a personal
prowess.

  “Oh, don’t you?” A fine scorn crept
into Danny’s tones. “Then I should loike
to know who does.”

  “I don’t know, dang it,” gibbered the
other’s voice. “You started it yourself,
THE GRAVITY EXPERIMENT

125

cornin’ up on me like you did. There was
something on the roof, I tell you. I laid
down in it when you yelled at me. I felt
it, it was sticky. I got it on my clothes—”

  “On lh’ roof?” Danny interrupted with
a flash of understanding. He knew con-
siderable about Xenophon Zapt. He had
even been mixed up once or twice in his ex-
periments, quite outside his own intent.

  “YeS. It stuck to me when I laid down,
an’ it’s keepin’ me up here, I guess. If I
lay on my face I’m all right, but I start
failin’ as soon as I turn on my back. Here’s
some of the danged stuff, if you want a
closer look.” Something whistled through
the air and hit the spot where Danny had
been standing.

  But Danny wasn’t there. As the other
man spoke he had ducked and stepped
aside. And straightway he became con-
scious of two things at once. The man had
sunk a trifle nearer the earth after throw-
ing down whatever it was he had scraped
from his clothing, and—there was some-
thing the matter with his, Officer McGuin-
ess’s foot.

  It was exhibiting a most remarkable in-
clination to rise into the air despite
Danny’s efforts to keep it on the ground.
It was throwing him off his balance. In-
stinctively he hopped sidewise to save him-
self from falling, landed his one sane foot
in what might have been a mass of soft
mud on the grass under the eaves of the
porch, and became aware that it also had
gone wild.

AT ONCE Officer Dan McGuiness
found himself in a most bewildering
rase. He had large feet, powerful, tireless in
the path of duty, and the soles of his shoes
were of a large expanse. Yet, strangely
enough now, those heavy feet seemed to
have taken on a quality positively airy.

  Strive as he would, they refused to re-
main on the grass. In desperation he tried
5 step and found himself unable to thrust
either leg or foot downward to a contact
with the'earth. Still struggling against be-
lief he repeated the endeavor with the
other foot and found himself mounting to

the level of the porch roof. Then and then
only did realization and acceptance of the
situation come upon him.

  “Whu-roo!” He gave vent to a full-
toned Irish shout of comprehension and
continued his progress aloft.

  Inside the house as that shout woke the
echoes of the night, Miss Zapt pricked her
pretty ears. “Bob,” she said sharply, “what
was that?”

  “Sounded like a yell or a battle-cry or
something,” Sargent made answer. “I’ve
had a notion I heard voices outside for the
past few minutes. Maybe I’d better find
out.”

  He rose, and Nellie followed him into
the hail. He opened the door and they both
stepped out on the porch.

  At first they saw nothing, and then a
gruff voice drifted to them: “Lie shtill, ye
spalpeen. Ye tould me to come an’ git ye
an’, b<gob, I hov. Quit yer squirmin’ or
I’ll bust yer bean wid me club.”

  ‘Bob!” Miss Zapt seized her com-
panion's arm. She had recognized those
stentorian tones: “That’s Officer Mc-
Guiness. They—they must be on the roof.”
“Probably.” Sargent went down the
porch steps before he lifted his eyes, and
then he. too, gasped at what he beheld
and his voice came a bit unsteady. “Good
Lord. Nellie! Look at that!”

  He lifted an arm and pointed to where
Danny, treading air very much as a man
treads water, was endeavoring to still the
struggles of a human figure sprawled out
weirdly with its face to the earth.

  Miss Zapt took one glance at the spec-
tacle above her and shrieked: “Bob—
they’ll be killed!”

  There came the click of the gate and
a little man with iron-gray whiskers and
a flapping frock-coat came up the walk.

  “Ahem,” he said rather dryly, “just what
is the meaning of so excitable a statement?
Who will be killed, may I ask?”

 “Officer McGuiness and—somebody
else,” Nellie stammered.

  “Eh?” Professor Zapt stared, out of his
near-sighted eyes. “Indeed? I fail to per-
ceive any indications of an impending
126

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

tragedy myself. Where are they?”

  “There!” Once more Sargent pointed
aloft.

  “Huh?” The professor tilted back his
head as Bob’s arm rose. “Bless my soul!”
he exclaimed and stared for at least fif-
teen seconds before he raised his voice in
a question: “Officer McGuiness, exactly
how did you get up there?”

  Danny may have sensed the presence of
those beneath him, but if so he had thus
far given no sign. Now, however, he man-
aged to snap tile handcuffs on his man,
tilted his head and shot a glance at the
earth.

  “An’ is ut you, professor?” he replied.
“Shure, an’ if it is how I got up here yer
askin’ why I walked, though barrin’ th’
fact how I done ut I dunno, except that
this poorch-climbin’ beauty floated offen
yer roof when I told him to come down,

I	stepped into somethin’ on th’ grass. An’
then I found mesilf endowed wid th’ ability
of follerin’ after, belike because of whativer
it was I had got on me fate. An’ ’tis not
so much how I got up is troublin’ me now,
as how I shall git down wid th’ burd I’ve
caught.”

  “Remarkable — actually remarkable! ”
said Professor Xenophon Xerxes Zapt.
“Officer, this is most amazing. Let me
think—let me think.” He made his way

to the porch steps and found himself a
seat.

  “If Lmoight be suggestin’, sor, don’t be
thinkin’ too long at present.” -Danny's
voice came down in the tone of a plaint.
“ ’Tis tiresome work entirely, this walkin’
on air. ’Tis not an angel I am as yet, an’
there is nothin’ to sit on at all, at all, an’
th’ steady movement is tirin’ on th’ legs.”
“Then stop it,” said the other in a man-
ner of impatience. “Keep your feet still
and float.” He began pulling at his gray-
ing whiskers as though minded to tear
them out by the roots. Presently he hopped
up, trotted a few steps down the walk,
lifted his eyes to the laboratory windows
and nodded. And then he turned to Bob
and Nellie. “Did it rain here tonight?”
“It did,” Bob declared.

  “Wind—preceding the shower?”

  “Lots of it at first.”

  “That explains it,” said Xenophon
Xerxes Zapt.

  “Glad of it—” Bob began.

  The professor gave him a glance. “If
you will kindly let me finish my remarks.
As I told you I would, I prepared a
quantity of the Paste Powder the other
day and left it when I departed this morn-
ing to catch a train. In my haste I forgot
to close the windows. The wind blew the
powder upon the roof and the rain con-

 Coming in the Next Issue

 On the Brink of 2000

 By Garret Smith

New Year’s Eve on the verge of the Twenty-first Century, and a young man’s
strange adventure, made possible by an invention which projects him into
the lives of his friends and his enemies

The Red Germ of Courage

 By R. F. Starzl

Dramatic intrigue on an interplanetary liner
CHEAP OIL BURNER

Fine rustic-finished, sterling
silver banded Corsican
Briar. Regimental-striped
silk-covered pouch with
specially processed London-
tan lining guarantoed for 1
full year. Foil of Surrey's
famous Royal Hawaiian
aromatic tobacco. Foil of
slow-buming, cube cut, full-
bodied Scotsman tobacco.
All for only S2.00. Complete
satisfaction guaranteed.

 ( /shape desired) £7 ^ ^ qf
JOHN SURREY, LTD., 72 Nassau St., N. Y. C., Depl. 10
Enclosed please find $2.00 for gift combination.
Name..........................................

Address

THE GRAVITY EXPERIMENT

verted it into the paste and washed some
of it off on the lawn—”

  “If yer quite done thinkin', professor,
sor,” Officer McGuiness interrupted,
“would you moind tollin' me how to get
down?”

  “Eh?” Xenophon Zapt jerked up his
head to view the patrolman and his cap-
tive. “Oh. yes—yes—certainly. That’s
simple. You have the substance merely on
your feet?”

  “Yes, sor.”

  “Then hold them up.”

  “Hould thim up? Mould thim up
where?” Danny’s tone was growing a trifle
excited. “If I try houldin' up my fate. I’ll
be losin’ my balance and breakin’ my—”
“Exactly.” Professor Zapt’s voice grew
crisp. “Take hold of your prisoner, bend
your legs at the knees, so as to elevate the
soles of your shoes and let gravity do the
rest. Robert, go turn on the hose that we
may wash the paste off the officer’s feet
when he reaches the ground. He’s all
mussed up.”

  Bob departed, running, on his errand.
By the time he was back Danny had
effected a landing and was kneeling on the
grass with his captive stretched out on his
back within reach.

WTTHIN five minutes the paste was
removed from McGuiness’s feet and
he stood erect.

  “Shure, an’ ’tis wonderful stuff, pro-
fessor,” he began after he had taken a
deep breath of relief. “An’ what moight
you call th’ same?”

  “Zapt’s Repulsive Paste,” said the pro-
fessor. “It robs anybody above it of
weight.”

  ‘‘What do ye think of that now?” Offi-
cer Dan exclaimed. “But "tis no more than
th' truth yer spakin’. I’ve had an example
of its effects myself. Oh, would ye!”

  He broke off and sprang, snatching into
the air to grip and drag back the form of
his prisoner, who in the momentary dis-
traction of conversation had managed to
roll himself on his face.

  Danny slammed him down none too
gently, it must be confessed. “Lie there

 SMOKERS’ ^

#ift Combination

50/.

PIPE $2.50
POUCH 1.00
TOBACCO .30
TOBACCO .25

VALUE $4.OS

OFF

Flush Poisons From
Kidneys and Stop
Getting Up Nights

Be Healthier, Happier —

Live Longer

  When you can get for 35 cents a safe, efficient
and harmless stimulant and diuretic that should
flush from your kidneys the waste matter, poi-
sons and acid that are now doing you harm, why
continue to break your restful sleep by getting
up through the night?

  Don’t be an EASY MARK and accept a sub-
stitute—Ask for Gold Medal Haarlem Oil Cap-
sules — right from Haarlem in Holland. GET
GOLD MEDAL—the original—the genuine. Look
for the Gold Medal on the box—35 cents,
Other symptoms of weak kidneys and irritated
bladder may be backache, puffy eyes, shifting
pains, burning or scanty passage. Don’t accept
a substitute.

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries
128

FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES

RUPTURED?

Get Relief This Proven Way

 Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
 flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
 fail to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
 or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real
 opening—follows every body movement with Instant In-
 creased support In case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
 work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn In bath.
 Send for amazing FREE book. "Advice To Ruptured” and
 details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also endorse-
 ments from grateful users In your neighborhood. Write:
 CLUTHE SONS, Dept. 28, Bloomfield, New Jersey.

                 STUDY AT HOWE

                                    Legally trained men win high-
                                    er positions and bigger suc-
                                    cess la business and public

                     life. Greater opportunities now than
                     ever before. Big corporation* are
                     ____ _ _ hoadod by roon with legal training.

More Ability: More Prestige: More Money

                     Wo guide yoa step by atop. You can train at home
                     during uparo timo. Doirree of LI.. B. Succoaflfal
                     graduates In every eoction of the U.S. We furnish

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 1238-L
A CorrMpondonca Institution

 [or Leoderahip' * a
 Chic a

MASONS-

                                     Send only
                                     one dollar
                                     •na recoive

    A genuine leather billfold-cord case.
    MADE TO FIT YOUR LODGE CARD.
    AUTO LICENSE, PASSES, etc.. under isin-
    glass windows ready to be seen at a
    glance. Holds S cards. Masonic emblem
    „ stamped in gold FREE. Your name
    — stamped 35c extra. Oldest Masonic supply
    house in U. S. WRITE FOR FREE CATALOG.

The REDDING MASONIC SUPPLY CO., Inc.

 "Quick Action” (1940) Perfected (Stream-
 lined) Automatic Gas Lighter. No
 Flint or Friction. 500% Profit.
 We Pay Parcel Post. $1.00
 Dozen; $8.00 a Gross.
 Sample 10c.

 th

 Pass
 Through

Ighti. ...
stantly. Packed on Individual

Sas Lights In-

cards.

NEW METHOD 00., Box MSC-83, Bradford, Pa.

TOMBSTONE

    Gonulne Marble also Granite.

    Low Prices. Free lettering.

    Satisfaction guaranteed. Erected
    In cemetery if desired. Write
    us now for FREE Catalog of
    beautiful designs, also samples
    of stone.

        U. S. MARBLE & GRANITE CO.

ONECO. A-45, FLORIDA_

 Army-Navy Bargains

  Haversacks	$.75 Cart. Belt	$.60

  Small cart. Box	.25 C. W. Trench Tool .7S

  Off. Box Spurs, Pr. .95 Rope Lariat	.75

            Springfield Rifle 45/70 C/F $4.25
   Catalog 1938, 286 pages of pistols, guns, daggers, medals,
   badges, buttons, etc., mailed for 50 cents. Special circular
   for stamp. Established 1865.

   FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS. 501 Broadway. N. Y. C.

LEG SORES?

    V .<#11* you suner pain unu misery

      or Open Lee Sores, send awayat• onccfor FREE
 Booklet "THE LIEPE METHODS FOR HOME USE.
 Tells all about this 40-year-old method, Praised and en-
 dorsed by thousands. Llepe Methods, Dept* N-32,
 3284 N. Green Bay Ave., Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

 now, ye human balloon,” he admonished
 in a growl, “or I’ll make ye more repulsive
 than anyJdnd of paste ye ever saw. If ye
 think I’m going to let Spur Heel Eddie
 slip out of my fingers, once they grip
 him—”

   “Spur Heel Eddie?” Sargent repeated
 in excitement. “McGuiness, is that right?”

   “Roight ut is—dead roight, Mister Sar-
 gent,” Danny chuckled. “Shure, an ’tis
 a foine noight’s wuruk. He’s the burd
 we’ve been sort of thinkin’ was behindt all
 these here burglaries happenin’ th’ last two
 weeks.”

   "And you caught him trying to burglar-
 ize my house.” Professor Zapt’s fingers
 slipped inside his coat. They came out
 with something crisp. “Officer, let me ex-
 press my appreciation of your fidelity to
 duty.”

   “Thank ye, sor.” Danny deftly pocketed
 the “appreciation” without removing his
 watchful eye from Eddie. “As I was sayin’,
 McGuiness niver shirks his duty, an’ ’tis
 a foine noight’s wuruk.”

   “I’ll go in and telephone for the wagon,”
 suggested Bob.

   “Don’t trouble, sor,” said Danny. “Be-
 gorra, I’ll be takin’ him in myself.”

   Stooping, he rolled Eddie face down-
 ward, seized him securely by the slack of
 the trousers and started to walk with him
 across the grass.

   “Ye’ll notice that wid all this Repulsive
 Paste smeared on him, if I carry him loike
 this he hasn’t any weight at all,” he an-
 nounced from the gate.

   “Exactly. You’re a man of intelligence,
 McGuiness.” Xenophon Xerxes Zapt
 turned to enter his house. “Good night.”

   “Good night, sor,” Officer McGuiness
 made answer.

  “Good night,” Bob echoed with a
chuckle as he watched Eddie, literally held
fast by the strong arm of the law, borne
off down the tree-shaded street until he
disappeared.

   Professor Zapt whirled upon him. “The
 occasion is not one of levity, Robert,” he
 remarked in decidedly acid tones.

   “No, sir. Merely of levitation,” said
 Bob.

Ia> answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Famous Fantastic Mysteries
  VPS

                   w*

Lfei Gerald Hines
Finished The Mite With
NO WORN-THROUGH SPOT ON THE JEJJPEN/M!

                                      r-i

HO

                             .OTCH

J.C. HUFFMAN.->

MO.PACIFIC ENGINEER IN HIS JgC OVERALLS

Made of Jelt Denim TPAMPL-ED

 BY 166.344 HUMAN FEET/

  (The Denim Shows Little Wear)

                              TO

                          :EfAEHT/

RIPLEY’S EXPLANATION: Dragged A Mile Over
Concrete Behind A Car. A pillow inside his Lee
overalls protected Gerald Hines, but the Jelt Denim
seat, bearing his full 140 lb. weight took a full mile
of concrete punishment without wearing through!
Actually, men, this is amazing proof that Jelt
Denim’s multiple-twisted yarn is tougher and does
give you longer, more economical wear!

J. C. Huffman’s Trampled Overalls. J. C. Huffman
is here shown in his overalls made, after launder-
ing, from a piece of Jelt Denim on which 83,172
people, or 166,344 human feet walked! Looking
almost like new, this amazingj.ee overall dem-^
onstrates what Sanforized-Shrunk Jelt Denim,
used only in Lee overalls, does for long wear and
permanent fit—Believe It Or Not!

    send for proof/

        -This MIN IATURE CUT-OUT
      OVERALL OFfes, JELT DENIM
      WILL SHOW YOU WHY THIS
      MULTIPLE-TWIST FABRIC
      WEARS LONGER— .
      Believe It or Not/

THE H. D. LEE MERC. COMPANY	Dept. AF

                (address nearest office)

Kansas City, Mo.; Minneapolis. Minn.;Trenton, N
South Bend, Ind.; San Francisco, Cali!.; Salina. Ka
Please send me that miniature cut-out overall s
my nearest Lee dealer's name, too!

I.'amc

Address.

Copyright ltw». The H. D. Lee Merc. Company

Town -.

_______Stale___
CAMELS — Long - Burning Costlier Tobaccos

Have you ever noticed
that Camels burn
longer and give you
more smoking?”

ASKS VAN CAM PEN H KILN HR

FAMOUS GAME AND FISHING AUTHORITY

Whatever pri^ you pBy per

bcr th'-1 Sf"np0nU"' to «»em-
bw rh.g f.cl; By burnin(

slower than (he aver.rfe Df the 15

£td_r'r‘T-eHio-brMd>

-CAMP?«Cr- “n a">of ,hc"'

5 EXTRA smokes
     Per pack

Above," f'A S"waitingin the duck blinds for the" tero hour. “Explorer, sports-
man. author of the authoritative new "A Hook on Duck Shooting, " Heilner
knows the waterfowl flyways from California to Maine. Alaska to Mexico.

You can tell a lot about a cigarette by whether it burns fast
or slowly. Camel cigarettes are noted for their long burning.
In fact, they burned longer, slower than any other brand, in
recent scientific tests (see right). Van Campen Heilner, the
famous American authority on wild game, points out an inter-
esting angle to this. “Camels give more smoking because they
bum so slowly,’’ he says. “And I think the way they burn is a
very good way to judge the quality of cigarettes too. I notice
this about Camels—I can smoke them steadily and they still
taste smooth and cool, and my mouth feels fresh —not dry —
with no throat irritation. Camels are mild, flavory. They give
more genuine pleasure per puff —and more puffs per pack.”
Turn to Camels. Get extra smoking per pack —topped off with
the delicate taste of choice quality tobaccos.

Cigarette, were compare! recently
• ■ . sixteen of the lar|(e*t-iclling
brand, ... llMrfcr thesear,.|)jnK

of impartial laboratory ,c„„t„„
1 CAMELS were found to con-

we?ght2 E,TOBACCo ,,Y

ISorK r | *n *** *vera«e for the
13 other of the targeting brand,.

 2	S1M,ELS BURNED SLOH-
 ^ ER THAN ANY OTHft'ir

ER A TH JnStIP_2S% SLOW-
t-K I HAN THE AVFRArr

HE LAK(»KST-SELI INf;

H K A NIXS i R v burnin* 25 % slower.

on the average. Camel, give,tnok-

  ers the e<|invalent of 5 EXTR \
  SMOKES PER PACK!

 3!!' *h.r *?mc CAMELS

HELD THEIR ASH FAR

fciTL* 'Tthc ™

   for all the other brand,.

  Don't deny you.self,he pleasure of
  Mnokmg Camel,, rhe quality ciga-
  rette every imokcr can afford.

PENNY FOR PENNY
YOUR BEST
CIGARETTE
BUY I

c^rrl*ht m». R. j. Roynolda To»,. Co
Win* ton Snlrm. N. C.