JULY

20*

“A SOUVENI

OrCAPTAIN BUTTS”
■give

yourself

a chance

A few trained exporters are at present
controlling the American total of foreign
orders, because they alone know how to
export American goods.

As a result, they are getting what all
trained specialists deserve to get—big
money and big jobs.

The man who knows how to handle an
export order is the' man thousands of
American manufacturers are clamoring
for.

The day of the trained export man is to-
day. It is right here. Now. Right
before your eyes, as you read this sen-
tence.

In the unsentimental choosing *. by big
producers of men to increase profit, those
with simply domestic experience are
being passed by. Big industry is hook-
ing up to the man who can help it in
putting over its big foreign deals. It de-
mands the specialist.

You always will have to offer something
special to step ahead in business.

Can you think of anything to offer more
timely than a trained ability to handle
foreign orders with success?

Because you will hardly think of any-
thing more profitable, give yourself a
chance to make good by sending for our
booklet, The New Foreign Trade, which
tells you how to begin training

We will send it the day you ask for it.

 BUSINESS TRAINING CORPORATION
216 Cameron Building	New York City

DON’T YOU LIKE

   My Eyelashes
   and Eyebrows?

You can have the same

LASHNEEN

Trade Mark Reg.

A HAIR FOOD

 applied once each day, will absolutely produce thick and
 long eyebrows and eyelashes.

 Easy to apply—sure in results. LASHNEEN is an
 Oriental formula. One box is all you will feed. Mailed on
 receipt of 50c. coin and three cents postage, or Canadian
 money order. Get the original.

LASHNEEN COMPANY, Department 24Y,Philadelphia, Pa.

Let Me Tell You

 How to discover what career you are best
 fitted for; how to succeed in your chosen
 calling; how to be HEALTHY, HAPPY
 AND SELF CONFIDENT; how to get a
 better situation with more salary. Send 10
 cents and Birthdate for interesting PER-^
 SONALITY sketch and first lesson in
 EFFICIENCY.

MARAYN EFFICIENCY COMPANY

Dept. K, Pacific Building

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.

Your Flesh

 Exactly where desired 6y wearing \

   Dr. Walter’s

     IFamous Medicated Reducing

Rubber Garments

 For Men and Women

 Cover the entire body or any
 part. Endorsed by leading phy-
 sicians. Send for illustrated Booklet.

 Dr. Jeanne H. S. Walter
 353 Fifth Ave., New York

 /Billings Building, 4th Floor\
 VEnt. on 34th St., 3d Door East/
 Pacific Coast Representative: Adele
 Millar Co., 345 Stockton St.,

     San Francisco, Cal.

Do You Like the Jews?

    Maybe you’ll like them better—maybe you won’t—
    when you read the striking new series of stories of
    Jewish life, “My People,” by Bella Cohen, which
    begins in the First_July Number of

Snappy Stories

     There are so many Jews in this country, and they
     are taking such a prominent part in our national life,
     that we feel sure that these stories will be equally as
     interesting to Christians as to the Jews themselves.

 On sale at all news-stands on June 4th. Price twenty cents
Bi;:;-:: -" ^1 |51h.............ijf5l|c:_-......n[5in_..—...............nBh.......................iipfi

Vol. XIX

JULY, 1919

No. 3

CONTENTS

Cover Design

A Souvenir from Captain Butts

Chinoiserie

The Dollar

The Harbor

World for All Other Crimes
A Dream of Heaven
Studies in Saffron
III—Can Do
The Return
Illusions

After Renunciation
Envy—A New Poison
The Time for Dreams
Three Old Men

    Souvenir de Guerre
Any Depot Platform in Any Dry State
Alice-Sit-By-the-Radiator
Someday

“Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get
Back” (A Complete Novelette)
Conventional

The Long Arm in the Clearing
A Laureate
Carlotta Advises
Prodigal

The Live Book for July
(The Secret City)

The Bloom in the Leaves
The Silver Lining
The Mummers World
White Treasure (A Three Part Story)
Part III
Gray Walls

Live Stories and the Golden Key

Drawn by G. Brockman

       Robert Campbell   1 
  Archie Austin Coates 10  
      Vincent Starrett 11  
           Nancy Shore 13  
           Harry .Kemp 25  
        Morgan Ireland 26  
 Thomas Grant Springer 27  
         Harrison Dowd 32  
         Roger Hartman 33  
Anna Spencer Twitchell 44  
     Cleveland Moffett 45  
        L. M. Thornton 46  
     Robert W. Sneddon 47  
            F. R. Odle 56  
    Edwin Justus Mayer 57  
     Marvin Luter Hill 60  
      Ferdinand Reyher 61  
       Frederick Moxon 82  
        Robert Shirley 83  
      Clinton Scollard 95  
        Florence Baier 96  
   Edgar Daniel Kramer 102 
S. W.	103

Aloysius Coll	104

Sam S. Stinson	105

W. Carey Wonderly	109

Cyrus Townsend Brady	114

Mary Morsell

 125

 126

   The Editor will be pleased, to consider stories suitable for publication in this magazine.
Where stamps are enclosed, every effort will be made safely to return unavailable manuscripts.

YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION $1.80	SINGLE COPIES 20 CENTS

Monthly publication issued by

THE NEW FICTION PUBLISHING COMPANY
35-37 West 39th Street

                  NEW YORK	W. P. VOORHEES

                                                                                    Treasurer.

W. L. DANIELS
President.

Entered as second-class matter October 24, 1914, at the post office at New York N Y
under the Act of March 3, 1879.
m

1 c=] c

Z=3 1=3

I

I

Live Stories

    FOR AUGUST

OF all the prayers sent up to Heaven, laughter is the most sincere.

Honest, clean smiles and laughter—the world knows nothing finer.

           LIVE STORIES believes in laughter.

     It believes in the sunglinted sentiment that harbors tears and smiles.

     It believes in the sincerity that flaunts its happiness and its mirth.

     It believes in the “wild joy of living.”

    In the Captain Butts stories, by ROBERT CAMPBELL, there are smiles and
courage. The fiery little Captain and his gloomy chief engineer will lighten your mood.
Captain Butts and the Second Ark will appear in August LIVE STORIES.

    The fourth story in the Studies in Saffron series, by Thomas Grant Springer, is
full of laughter. Ways That Are Dark is a humorous tale of a Chinaman’s luck. It
will be in August LIVE STORIES.

    You can also laugh with The Awakening, by PAUL VERNIER; The Caliph*s
Kiss, by ROMAINE, and The Silver Lining, by SAM S. STINSON.

    Then there will appear in August LIVE STORIES the first part of one of the mosit
delightful stories published in America in many and many a long month: Bill and a
Hatbox, by SOPHIE TREADWELL and WILLIAM NIGH. You will laugh a good
deal, you may cry a little, and you will thoroughly enjoy this story.

    RICHARD LE GALLIENNE’S article, The World and the Lover, is too good,
too inspiring to be missed.

    For heavier reading, there is Motives, by EIVfMA LINDSAY SQUIER; Getting
Away Clean, by RAY CUMMINGS; Regeneration, by ARTHUR HOAG HOW-
LAND; and The Unluckiest Man in the World, by ANDREW SOUTAR, one of the
most powerful, realistic Writers of the present English school.

    Obviously, August LIVE STORIES, on sale July 1st, is a magazine you cannot
afford to miss.

THE EDITORS.

I

Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912,
of “Live Stories,” published monthly at |New York, N. V., fori Apr. 1, 1019. State of New York, County
of New York, Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared W. P.
Voorhees, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of
“Live Stories," and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the owner-
ship, management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the
Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations, to wit: 1 That the names and
addresses of the publisher, editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher, The New Fiction
Pub. Co., 35 W. 39th St., New York: Editor, Lillian Bennet-Thompson, 35 W. 39th St., New York; Managing
Editor, Grove E. Wilson, 35 W. 39th St., New York; Business Manager, W. P. Voorhees, 35 W. 39th St.,
New York. 2. That the owners are: The New Fiction Pub. Co., 35 W. 39th St., New York; W. M. Clayton,
care of Franklin Trust Co., 46 Wall St., N. Y.; A. M. Clayton, care of Franklin Trust Co., 46 Wall St., New York;
W. L. Daniels, 8 Linden Court, Jersey City, N. J.; Mary A. Loeber, 17 Trenton Ave., White Plains, N. Y. 3. That
the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent, or more of total
amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: none. 4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving the
names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders, if any. contain not only the list of stockholders and security
holders as they appear upon the books of the company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security holder
appears upon the books of the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or cor-
poration for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing
affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders and security
holders who do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity
other than that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, association, or
corporation has any interest direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.
Signed, W. P. Voorhees, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this eighteenth day of March, 1919-
Gust. Frenzel, Notary Public, Rockland County. Certificate filed in New York County, No. 139. (My com-
mission expires March 31, 1919 )

w
I

By Robert Campbell

MAYBE you’ve heard of Captain	them, set his tough little frame to the job,

Ephraim Butts. It is just pos-	and whipped them. Since the war, he

sible that you’ve met him if	had had three ships torpedoed under him,

you’ve ever done any scouring of the	had an Admiralty record of sinking three,

Seven Seas. Dig back into your memory	“tin fish,” as he most impolitely called

for a wiry, choleric, ruddy man about five	the submarines, and was possessed of a

feet eight, with snapping gray-blue eyes	secret sorrow. So much for the past his-

and the general air of being about to blow	tory of Captain Ephraim Butts. Now for

up; always as trig as a model*in a Fifth	the newer things; newer and stranger—•

Avenue shop, and always with his blue	so strange that to no one except Butts,

cap set at just a little of an angle on his	who made the circumstances, could they

lean, terrier-like head. Slip on his chin	have occurred.

a slightly grizzled fringe of a goatee, giv-	The Asheville lay in the Erie Basin,

ing him a fierce and impulsive look, cock	waiting orders to join a convoy. In her

his head at an inquiring angle, and add a	capacious hold reposed something like

sharp, raspy voice, holding tones that	eight thousand tons of copper. It was

made you jump to hear it, and you have	to be delivered at the Albert docks up the

a fair picture of Captain Butts. I say, dig	Thames. Captain Butts walked swiftly

back into your memory; but if you have	up and down the Asheville’s bridge, and

ever seen Butts you won’t have to dig far,	now and again cast a cocky eye up at the

for Butts is a man whom no one ever for-	wireless antennae, as if he expected to

got, and many have cause to remember,	see the message for which he was waiting

  Captain Butts had been to sea ever	come skittering down the aerials. Up the

since he could remember. Before the	bridge ladder climbed Angus McPherson,

war began, he had earned his reputation	the grizzled, but wholly capable chief en-

all over the wet wastes where ships	gineer of the Asheville. McPherson and

travel, because no emergency ever found	Captain Butts knew each other to the last

him helpless. He drove his ship here and	eyelash. They never agreed on any single

there, and when the seas would take toll	subject, apart from the fact that they had

of him and his ship, Butts snarled at	the utmost confidence in each other; re-

1
2

“A Souvenir from Captain Butts”

fused to be separated, and knew each
other to be so competent that each was
willing to trust the other with his life on
a mere nod.

  “What's keepin’ us, wad ye say ?”
asked McPherson contemplatively, as he
stepped onto the bridge.

  “Some o’ those blasted lazy supercar-
goes, or whatever they are pleased to call
their dashed selves, over at the Yard, I
suppose,” snapped the Captain, as he
wheeled short and paced back to the other
end of the bridge.

  McPherson draped himself over the
bridge rail.

  “Man, d'ye ken we’ve got summat
aboord that makes us wonderfu’ attract-
ive for a certain pairson in Berlin?” he
inquired slowly.

  Captain Butts stopped short.

  “Meaning the copper?” he inquired
brusquely.

  “Just thot,” answered the engineer.
“I’m thinkin’ there’ll be a bit of veesit an’
sairch before we scrape paint fra’ oor
plates agin th’ stone o’ th’ Albert docks.”

  Captain Butts stepped close to his en-
gineer.

  “I’ll thank you to keep your frightened
clacking to yourself* you dissolute me-
chanic,” he snapped. “It’s my job to take
this packet across the pond, and I’ll not
have your old maid fears instilled into
the minds of the sheep we’ve got aboard
that call themselves sailors.”

  McPherson waved a hairy hand that
contained a cutty pipe.

  “It’s no my fault ye’re an ostrich,” he
commented, with a sour grin. “Stick
ye’re head in th’ sand o’ yer foolish and
unregenerate methods, but I’ll thank ye
to be no callin’ me oot o’ me name.”

  And then began a wordy wrangle that
delighted the steward who stood with his
ear cocked against one of the open chart-
house windows, and smiled a pleased and
happy smile. The wrangle ended as it
always ended.

  “Get down where you belong, you split-
trousered incompetent,” snarled Butts.

“Go down and mingle with the ashcats
below, and see that when I give you the
bell, I’m not kept waiting.”

  “Man, if I had a temper like yer ain,
Fd pray th’ guid Lord to curb my
worrds,” returned McPherson. “Still,
I’m supposin’ ye’re too auld to change
much now.”

  Which last always brought forth an
angry sputter from Butts, who poured
out further decorative phrases while Mc-
Pherson let himself down the bridge lad-
der. Below, he confided to his assistant
that the skipper was even more irascible
than usual, and he feared greatly that
he’d been crossed in love, or something
equally unseamanlike or deadly.

  The plain facts were, though McPher-
son knew it not, that Captain ^utts was
at present greatly peeved at the cruel
manner in which the grim Fates who run
the card index of human affairs had been
treating him. Butts nursed a secret am-
bition. One might think that the destruc-
tion of three of the Kaiser’s submarines
in fair fight would be enough for any
reasonable man, but, between you and
me, it was by no means enough for Cap-
tain Ephraim Butts. He had a further
ambition, and one that he had not yet
whispered to a soul save his own reflec-
tion in a mirror. He wanted to get an-
other sub, but he wanted to take it intact,
or nearly so, into an adjacent port, and
hand it over to the authorities.

  Now, I have no means of knowing just
how many naval men had the same am-
bition, nor for that matter how many of
them were able to gratify their wish, but
I’m inclined to think they were few.
Most of the young men who raced de-
troyers up and down the sea lanes were
modest chaps, and they were quite satis-
fied with their lot when granted the au-
thority to paint a white star on their
ship’s funnel, thus signifying the destruc-
tion of one “tin fish.”

  Captain Butts was of a‘greedier mold,
I am afraid. In the first place, it was not
his job to go hunting subs; that was for
Robert Campbell

3

the navy folk. His work was to take the
new Asheville from port to port, and
spend as little time as possible in doing it.
Nevertheless, I suppose it is a weakness
of human kind to want to do some other
fellow’s job for him, and it is a fact
that Butts had, in two or three specific-
cases where he had gotten his fish, gone
out of the way to do that job. On one
of the occasions, he had chased the scan-
dalized sub for fifty miles or so, having
had the fortune to drop one shell into her
inner works with such effect that her sub-
merging pumps were knocked out of kil-
ter, and consequently she had to depend
on her speed in getting away. The sight
of a heavy, thirteen-knot tramp steamer
savagely chasing a somewhat erratic and
badly frightened submarine about the
Western ocean so shocked a certain lieu-
tenant commander who happened on the
scene in time to see Butts plug a four-
inch projectile into the sub with such ef-
fect that she blew up in the middle and
sank in two sections, that he complained
to the Admiral ashore at Queenstown
ibout it as an infringement of privilege.

  “I don’t mind seeing a freighter fight
if she has to, sir,” he objected, “but I do
think this chap needn’t have gone out
of his way to run the fish down and to
chase it. It’s taking chances, after all,
sir, and anyway, what are we out there
for?”

  Being a human being first, the Admiral
chuckled.

  “I’ve, heard of Captain Butts before,”
he said. “If you take my advice, young
man, don’t tell him your opinion, and,
above all, don’t get between Captain
Butts and the next fish he goes after.
He’s likely to ram you.”

  Whereupon, the lieutenant commander
came as near a snort as is permissible in
the presence of an Admiral, and went off
in a huff.

  So Captain Butts walked up and down,
gnawing on his ungratified desire, until
the wireless operator handed him a slip
of paper on which were penciled the or-

ders for which he had been waiting. As-
sembly in the lower bay was next, and
then a procedure of six ships, accom-
panied by two destroyers, to the rendez-
vous off the Banks, where they were to
meet the main convoy. The doughty
Captain gave the necessary orders and
watched his big ship work her way slowly
out of the basin with the help of two
fussy but efficient tugs. When she had
passed through the Narrows, Butts
glanced again at his orders and called
Briggs, his mate.

  “We may have to drop the hook
down the Bay,” he said. “Maybe they’ll
give us the clear signal to keep on out, if
the others are ready. Anyway, here are
the orders. We’re to join the rest at the
Banks, take our orders for formation
.from the Essex and, in the event of an
attack in force, scatter and get to port
on our own the best way we can, while
the snakes look after the subs. Got that?”

   Mr. Briggs signifying that he had, Cap-
tain Butts snorted and went below to the
chart room, where he wedged himself in
a corner and read three pages of Plu-
tarch’s Lives as a sedative. But at the
end of the third page, he sent the steward
for McPherson, and when that calm per-
son appeared, wiping his hands on a piece
of waste, Butts motioned him to a seat.

  “I’ve been thinking about our cargo,
Mac,” he said. “I’m inclined to think
there’s more in what you said than per-
haps you’ve any idea of.”

  “Ye surprise me, now,” remarked the
engineer with a wry grin.

   “Possibly,” replied Butts with a frown,
“but as that happens so often you’ll not
mind if it doesn’t excite me. Now, listen.
You know they’re horribly short of cop-
per in Germany, of course, and that they-
’ll take desperate chances to get some.
I’m not foolish enough not to know that
they come pretty close to getting a line
on every cargo that steams out of these
ports, and that we can’t do anything to
stop it. What’s to prevent them having
a try for us?”
4

“A Souvenir from Captain Butts”

  ”Only yer ain deadly reputation, skip-
per.”

  “Stow that!” ordered Butts. “The or-
ders are to separate and run for it, if
we’re attacked in force. It sounds to me
just like the sort of thing the beastly
Huns would want. If they can cut us
out from the convoy with a scare, and
then run us down, there’s a chance to
grab this cargo.”

  “It’ll be takin’ more than one fish to
carry it,” commented the engineer.

  “But not more than one to take us into
port. Oh, I know it’s an off chance for
them to put it over, but it could be done.
Or—” The Captain stopped and his
eyes took on a light of interest.

  “Or what, now?” demanded the en-
gineer.

  Butts looked at him with a thin smile.

  “Mac,” he said, “you know me better
than any living man, and I think Mrs.
McPherson would be surprised at the
way I know you. Look here!”

  The steward, who was passing along
the deck and paused for an instant out-
side the open chart-house door, was
startled at the vehemence with which
that door was slammed in his face, and,
an instant after, was jolted by the bang
of the window beside it.

  During the days after they had joined
the main convoy, and while the dozen
ships progressed across the gray-black
wastes, there were repeated and pro-
longed conferences between the captain
and the chief engineer.

  “You’d think them two was courtin’
each other,” remarked the second mate
to his superior, Mr. Briggs, on one occa-
sion.

  “Maybe so, young man,” replied the
other. “Maybe so, but I’ve got a mighty
queer hunch that those two you mention
are fixin’ to cause somebody an unholy
lot of trouble.”

  “Queer old scout, the skipper,” mused
the other.

  “Better not let him hear you say it,”
observed Briggs. “I’ve seen him take

three like you and break them up all
together.”

  The younger man laughed and flexed
his arm. Then he picked his hundred
and seventy pounds up on his toes and
teetered back and forth.

  “Not that I mean to,” he said, “but I’d
just about crack that old man in two
parts in the first half minute.”

  “Then the Lord grant that you never
run foul of him,” chuckled the mate.
“Why, boy, I’ve seen that skipper of ours
take two that could give you five pounds
each, crack their heads together, knock
them out, and then throw them down the
fo’c’s’le hatch just to tidy up the deck.
Don’t ever start with him, for he’s a
fighting, tearing bunch of wildcats. And
another thing, what he can’t finish, the
chief can and will. Man alive, but I well
remember seeing the skipper with noth-
ing but his two bare hands, and the chief
with a ten-inch spanner, tear into a long-
shore gang of fifteen, and inside of ten
minutes whip the entire outfit so that it
needed two ambulances to clear the dock.
Don’t start anything, boy.”

  During the next few days, down in the
privacy of his own particular corner of
the engine room, McPherson conducted
activities that seemed queer and unneces-
sary to his assistants and the black gang
changing watch. The chief was care-
fully manufacturing a half dozen con-
trivances out of thin metal, and, toward
the finish of his operations, handling
them very tenderly indeed. It may have
been but a coincidence that the Navy en-
sign in charge of the gun crew complained
to the skipper that a case of his four-inch
shells was strangely missing, and that
Captain Butts winked at the chief en-
gineer as he promised to look into the
matter.

  Day and night for six days, the great
ships steamed forward in orderly double
column with the cruisers and destroyers
on their flanks. Occasionally, one of the
sea snakes would dash five or six miles
ahead, and then, with the white combers
Robert Campbell

5

♦

spinning from her bows, swing a wide
arc and come tearing back to cut a com-
plete circle around the convoy, to report
to the Essex by code. They were not
using the wireless unnecessarily, for Fritz
is a curious being, and is constantly lis-
tening to the gossip of the seas. At night,
che ships felt their way as best they could
in the pitchy darkness, with only the bin-
nacle lights on deck; and when one of the
gray shapes would loom perilously near
to another shadowy bulk, explosive and
highly specific language would result, for
running a convoy at night in war timq is
a matter for hunch and intuition. And
then, on the seventh day, just as the
blackness was begining to yield to the
daily miracle of the dawn, and the coast
of Ireland but some six hundred miles
away, four dirty gray conning towers,
with the water dripping down their sides,
rose out of the sea almost at the same in-
stant. The shriek of the sirens and
the crack of guns were simultaneous.

  “Here they are!” cried Captain Butts
with a yell, as he called a hard-over order
to the quartermaster at the wheel. “Jam
her over, you blighter!” he roared, and
anxiously watched the Asheville heel
over to starboard as the great steel rud-
der gripped her. Briggs raced up on the
bridge and took his statiop with the
Captain.

  “Here’s where we find out whether
they are after us,” cried Butts in the ear
of his mate.

  The convoy had spread out to offer
as poor a target as possible to the fire
of the submarines, and in the growing
dawn, the cruisers and destroyers were
banging away with every thing they had.
The Asheville headed into the north, and
the skipper grinned as they began to leave
the convoy astern. And then he grinned
a wider and more grim grin, for one of
the submarines ceased firing at the con-
voy and, swinging about, shaped a course
in the wake of the freighter.

  “It looks as if Berlin wanted that cop-
per after all,” muttered Butts to himself.

  It is an old sea axiom that a stern chase
is a long chase; and a tramp steamer that
can dig fourteen knots out of her engines
can give even a supersubmersible a long
run when the latter is four miles astern,
and has a surface speed of but a trifle
over fifteen knots. Captain Butts walked
aft to where the ensign and his crew were
training their four-inch gun.

  “That gentle soul astern there has a
six-inch rifle mounted on his fore gun
platform, if I’m any judge,” he said.
“And I have a very private belief that the
one thing he doesn’t want is to sink this
packet; but he will surely make it a lot
interesting for our upper works, so if
you can drop one of your pills anywhere
on that six-incher of his, it will be re-
garded as a merciful dispensation of
Providence.”

  The ensign looked up with a scowl.

  “I’ll blow his blasted tub out of the
water and let it fall back again, if I have
any luck!” he growled.

  Perhaps the sub’s engines were car-
bonized, perhaps his oil was not up to
grade, or perhaps McPherson managed
to get another knot out of his engines; but
on that point there is no definite infor-
mation. Ordinary arithmetic would indi-
cate that the sub should have ranged
alongside the Asheville within five hours
at the least, but the facts are that she
didn’t. It is even true that the Asheville
managed to draw slightly away until the
little skipper scowled and interviewed the
chief engineer. It is also true that evening
began to draw on and there was almost
no perceptible change in the situation,
save that the shells from the fish had
knocked the chart-hou&e into a mass of
splinters, cut away one half of the funnel,
and ripped up enough deck plates to
build two extra large box girders. The
ship’s gun had effected no damage that
could be noted, for it was practically out-
ranged. And when the night began to
fall, the Asheville's way diminished.

  The mate looked anxiously into the
ditch alongside; then glanced at the pur-
6

“A Souvenir from Captain Butts”

suing submarine. He began to see pic-
tures of an open boat exposed to shell
fire, or of a German prison; and he had
a vision or two of Captain Butts facing
a firing squad in a German prison yard.
He turned to the skipper, who was hum-
ming a little tune.

  “He's overhauling us, sir,” he re-
remarked.

  “Looks that way to me,” was the an-
swer. “In fact, Mr. Briggs, I rather
think he’ll be alongside by eleven to-
night.”

  Briggs looked at his captain and
frowned. The imminent danger of cap-
ture by a German submarine did not usu-
ally produce smiles and doubtful har-
mony in the merchant seaman of those
days, and yet Captain Ephraim Butts was
smiling and harmonizing through his
teeth.

  “Keep her as she is, Mr. Briggs,” the
skipper said. “I’m going below.”

  Down in the Captain's cabin there was
a consultation. The consultees were Cap-
tain Butts, McPherson and Ensign
Starret.

  “The facts are, Mr. Starret,” said
Captain Butts, “that we’re letting that
hound astern overhaul us. Mac here tells
me he could outrun her if he wanted to.”

  “Then what’s the idea ?” asked the en-
sign.

  “They know we’ve got copper, and
they want it. What they’ll do to this
crew is another question, but they won’t
sink the Asheville. They want her intact,
and they’ll try to get her into a German
port somehow. That’s why I doubt a
great deal if they’ll knock us about much.
The old hooker must be capable of being
run by a prize crew.”

  “But you don’t intend to let ’em get
away with that, surely,” protested the
ensign. “My orders are to—”

  “Steady there,” counseled McPherson.

  “If you are thinking about turning this
ship over to the enemy without putting
up a fight, I’ll have you know I’m not in
on it,” snapped the young officer. “My

job is to knock out every German I can,
and if we get done in while doing that,
why it’s our job, that’s all!” The young
man’s face grew red and his eyes
snapped. “I didn’t expect to get mixed
up with a bunch of curs on any ship that
ever flew our flag,” he finished.

  Captain Butts jumped to his feet and
his tough little frame stiffened as he
stepped forward.

   “I’ll thank you to keep a civil tongue in
your head, Mr. Starret,” he snapped.
“You’re in charge of your gun, but I’m
in charge of my ship, and I don’t mind
telling you that I don’t take talk like
yours from any man, from the Admiral
both ways. By the hokey, young man,
but I’ve bashed the face off many a man
for less than that!”

  McPherson introduced a pacifying ac-
cent into the situation.

  “Ye’ll be recallin’ that ye’ve not yet
been tellin’ our young friend here, what
ye’re plan is, skipper. I’ve not th’ least
bit o’ doot but that he thinks ye have in
mind surrenderin’ th’ hooker, now.”

  He looked inquiringly at Starret, and
the latter growled:

  “It looks a lot like it to me.”

   “Then I’ll be tellin’ ye that there’s nowt
o’ that in th’ wind. Man, we’re contem-
platin’ reversin’ th’ polarity o’ that plan,
an’ doin’ a bit o’ diplomatic skulduggery
o’ oor own.”

  The result of the ensuing conference
was that Starret was taken into the skip-
per’s confidence, and the incipient storm
abated. When Butts had finished out-
lining his plan, the young officer shoved
out his hand.

  “I’ll apologize and take back every-
thing I’ve said, Captain Butts,” he re-
marked. “And you can count on me to
the last ditch. I’ll admit I ought to have
known you better.”

  “Then we understand each other,” said
the skipper. “The bulk of the crew will
abandon ship as soon as the sub comes
up; your men and some of the pick of
my own will remain hid aboard here.
Robert Campbell

7

Of course, they’ll send an officer and a
prize crew, and they may try to force
some of our men back aboard to work
the packet in. I’ve banked hard on my
belief that they wouldn’t dare try to tow
us, and consequently that they wouldn’t
risk smashing our engine room or steer-
ing gear by a chance shot. When they
come aboard, it’ll be up to this incom-
petent mechanic here and myself to do
the rest.”

  By eleven-thirty, the submarine had
closed in enough for a megaphoned or-
der in perfect English to reach the
Asheville's bridge.

  “Heave to, or we’ll clear your decks
with shrapnel,” said the harsh voice; and
gradually the Asheville's way ceased un-
til she was rolling gently in the swell.
There was enough light to see a col-
lapsible boat put off from the submarine
as she lay a scant hundred yards away.
As the collapsible pulled over, the rattle
and creak of blocks and the hurrying
sounds of departure announced that the
Asheville's crew were abandoning ship,
and the sounds reached the commander
of the sub.

  “The schwein are leaving the ship,
Heinrich,” he observed. “They’ll pull
south at first, and when we have done
what we are to do, we will run down to
them and teach them to wait for orders.”

  The Asheville lay rolling gently on the
swells, with a low roaring coming from
her exhaust pipes, and clinging to her a
deathly silence that spoke eloquently of
a helpless and abandoned ship. It
seemed to the German officer rowing up
to her tall sides that she was a sentient
thing, wondering what her masters had
done to her, and waiting patiently for
some hand to guide her. The depression
of abandonment clung to her like a pall.

  The German swung himself up into the
ship’s forechains, cast a hasty look about
the deserted decks, and called up five of
his men.

  “Return and bring the others,” he or-
dered; and, like a vague shadow, the

small boat left the side of the Asheville.
Once more the silence shut down, and
then came a splashing from the side op-
posite to where the submarine lay. The
German officer listened intently and
peered over the side, but could see noth-
ing, and he returned to the hasty survey
of the ship. Ten minutes later, he hailed
the sub, reporting that no one remained
aboard. And from the darkness there
came, very faintly, a sound that might
have been a very large pair of porpoises
out for a late supper, or a couple of mer-
maids on a little job of sirening. The
difficulty with these two possibilities was
that either the mermaids had learned to
swear most accurately, or that one of the
porpoises had been raised in Greenock.

  The collapsible boat from the sub-
marine had just spilled her complement
of five men upon the Asheville's deck,
when a hairy hand reached out of a port-
hole and drove a spare grate bar into it.
The boat immediately bore out its name
and collapsed completely, leaving' the
two ocupants with nothing but some steel
plates at which to clutch.

  The German officer had his men on the
deck, and was assigning them to their
duties. There were eleven altogether.
Five of them promptly went below to
take over the engine room. As they
stepped upon the floor plates, they were
none too gently seized by some extremely
husky naval men and trussed up with a
speed that left them wholly unfit for
protest of any valid sort.

  The remaining proceedings were a
trifle more violent. On deck were six
Germans, and before they were quite con-
scious of what was afoot, there was a
rush of men, and they were scientifically,
knocked on the head and laid in the scup-
pers to reflect upon the folly of counting
the contents of the hennery before the
eggs have reached maturity. And, in
the meantime, in the oily, heaving sea
alongside the submarine, lying with her
hatches open to the star-dotted sky, the.
porpoise-mermaids, or mermaid-porpois-
8

“A Souvenir from Captain Butts”

es, or what you wish, clung to the rungs
of a light ladder that reached from the
deck platform down over the side. Four
seamen in their yellow dungarees and an
officer in overalls stood on this platform,
watching idly the swaying hulk of the
Asheville. Suddenly a flash lamp showed
aboard the freighter, and simultaneously
there was a slight exclamation in the
water alongside.

  ‘Was iss das?” queried the officer
sharply.

  “None o’ yer blighting business,” was
the harsh answer, and therewith fol-
lowed the swing of an arm, and the mo-
mentary glint of a metal object as it de-
scribed a short arc and fell upon the
platform. The resulting explosion, while
not violent, was sufficient to blow the
group of five into the sea, and cause a
torrent of language inside the hull of the
“tin fish.” An agile figure, grizzled
about the chin, and with a terrier-like
head, hurriedly climbed the few rungs
of the iron ladder and leaned over the
conning tower hatch.

  “Just divide this among you, you
skunks,” the figure yelled savagely, and
forthwith dropped a most effective hand
grenade into the staring group below.
This time the submarine rocked to the
explosion, and Captain Butts yelled a
volley of language that would have
barred him from theological circles.

  There was another muffled explosion
from the sub’s stern, and she lifted per-
ceptibly, to sink back again. A few mo-
ments later, there was a pattering of bare
feet along the vessel’s deck, and Captain
Butts was joined by an almost wholly
naked McPherson.

  “I’m thinkin’ she’ll no progress vairy
far wi’out yon propeller wheel,” he
chortled. “Man, ye’re a bonny schemer.
Hoo many o’ th’ Hoons d’ye ken ye
fetched wi’ yer surprise party?”

  From an oilskin case fastened about
his neck, Captain Butts methodically took
a very business-like automatic pistol, and
slung a leg over the hatch.

  “I’ll be able to tell you that in ten min-
utes, Mac,” he answered briskly. “In
the meantime, do you keep a keen eye
down there and a grenade handy in your
hairy mitt. If I'm not back in what you
think is good time, you know what to
do.”

  McPherson looked at the skipper ad-
miringly.

  “I’m no concealin’ fra’ mysel’ that
you’ve got a keen nairve, skipper,” he
remarked. “It’s ma dooty to warm ye,
hooever, that yer takin’ yer life in yer
hands. Ye ken th’ Hoon is no a square
player,”

  “This gang will be when I get through
with them,” returned Butts truculently.
“I find myself capable of a few atrocities
on my own account, and may the Al-
mighty help the dirty scuppercat that
starts anything below there!”

  The little Captain dropped down to
the interior of the submarine and gazed
at the effects of his bomb. Then he
shuddered slightly, and passed along to
the stern, his fierce little goatee stuck
straight out ahead of him, and his auto-
matic at the ready. As he passed behind
the dynamos, a blackened figure struck
savagely at him with a short iron bar,
and Butts shot instantly. Three others
came forth out of the darkness with up-
lifted hands and a cry of “Kamerad,”
and these the'Captain conducted to the
foot of the ladder.

  “Get on deck 1” he snarled at them, and
they wasted not an instant.

  “Overboard wi’ ye,” ordered McPher-
son. “I’ll no object if ye cling to yon
bit ladder, but mark me, one squint of
yer een, and Davy Jones wi’ be havin’
a few new boarders.”

  Captain Butts climbed smartly out on
the sub’s deck.

  “All clear, Mac,” he said. And then,
cupping his hands, sent a hail over to
the steamer. “Lay alongside here!” he
ordered,

  Twenty minutes later, Briggs, with his
men once more aboard the ship, had
Robert Campbell

9

worked the Asheville close aboard the
submarine. A steel hawser was broken
out of the ship’s lazaret, and this was
made fast to the forward gun stanchions
on the submarine’s deck; it was then paid
out slowly while the freighter forged
ahead, and hitched to a bridle that was
laid out over the vessel’s stern.

  Captain Butts and the chief engineer
went aboard the steamer and resumed
their clothing. Briggs, with a crew of
four, was sent aboard the submarine, and
after they had pitched the dead over-
board and patched up the wounded as
well as their facilities permitted, the
Asheville again took up her voyage to-
ward the Irish coast.

  It was two days later that the lookout
on a destroyer reported to his com-
mander :

  “Supersub in tow of tramp steamer off
port bow, sir,” he bawled.

  “In what ?” roared the commander.

  “In tow, sir,” replied the lookout.

  The commander ordered the destroy-
er’s course to be changed, and she raced
down to the steamer at thirty knots.
Crossing the freighter’s stern, she ranged
up on her port quarter.

  “What ship’s that?” howled the com-
mander through-his megaphone, while
the gun crews kept their rifles trained
on the steamer.

  A grizzled and somewhat fierce face
leaned over the bridge rail.

  “Steamer Asheville, from New York
to London,” was the answering roar.

  “Where did you get that submarine ?”
was the next question.

  “Went out and shot it for ourselves, if
you must know,” came the reply.

  “Who’s master of that ship ?” demand-
ed the commander, with a somewhat un-
easy feeling in his breast.

  “Ephraim Butts,” came the answer, and
the commander groaned.

  “I might have known it,” he muttered.
“Good Jupiter, what luck some chaps
have!”

  Queenstown harbor was treated to an

edifying spectacle some hours later. A
large and somewhat rusty tramp steamer
came into port towing a highly dejected
submarine in her wake. The steel haws-
er connecting the two rose and dipped
again, and, bringing up the rear, was a
destroyer with nearly all its crew on deck
staring curiously at the procession in
front.

  An Admiral viewed the spectacle
through a pair of glasses and turned to
his aide.

  “If I’m any judge, there’s been some-
thing happening out at sea that was never
on any naval plan. I wish you’d run
down to that steamer and ask the skipper
if he would mind coming up here to see
me. Mind, don’t order him. Invite him.
Otherwise, if I know my man, he’s very
likely to tell you to ma.ke a long, long
visit in a much warmer climate, and then
come up here and kidnap me.”

  Captain Butts, just a little truculent at
first, accepted a cigar from the Admiral,
and answered the polite query.

  “There’s nothing much to tell, sir,” he
said modestly. “I’ve been wanting a tin
fish for quite a little while. Thought the
allied navies would like to look over the
latest model. So I just brought one in.”
He gazed out through the open window
to where the harbor glittered in the sun,
and a softer light shone in his keen little
face. “There’s—there’s another reason,
perhaps, sir,” he went on. “I’ve got a
little girl ashore, and she’s been pestering
me to show her how a depth gauge works.
We’ve been studying navigation, you see,
so I figured it was up to me to show her
the real made-in-Germany article.” He
reached for the brown leather satchel at
the side of his chair, hoisted it up to his
lap, opened it, and carefully lifted out a
nickeled pressure gauge. “I just knocked
this off, and I’m taking it home Ho the
little girl, sir, for a souvenir.” Once
more he stopped, and now he blushed.

  “I’ve got her picture here, sir, if you’d
like to look at it,” he said quietly, hold-
ing out an open locket.
10

Chinoiserie

The Admiral gravely took the locket, ' course he’ll get a D. S. O., but I’d wager

examined the young face within, con-	a gold stripe that he’ll think more of the

sidered it appreciatively, and closed the	‘Thank you, Daddy’ he’ll get at home

locket again as he handed it back.	when he turns over his souvenir.”

“It’s rather a fortunate thing for von And out at sea, on the way around

Tirpitz, or von Hindenburg, or perhaps	Lands End, Captain Butts was saying to

the Kaiser, that the child hasn’t expressed	Chief Engineer McPherson:
a wish to examine their collar buttons,” “I’ll say this much for you, Mac,

remarked the Admiral to a group of of-	you’re a rare good hand in a pinch. By

ficers later, after telling them the story,	the way, we must tell Starret that you

“If she does, I feel reasonably sure Cap-	used his case of four-inch shells to make

tain Butts will get them for her. Oh, of	those hand grenades. Have a smoke?”

CHINOISERIE

By Archie Austin Coates

^^"HITE lilies, brimmed with gems of dew
And river mist, I bring to you;

                     Green water-plants with shining leaf
                     And golden bells whose songs are brief
                     I gather for you, Almond Eyes. . . .

And from each bloom, my passion sighs.

                     Through scented dusk, I pole the boat
                     O’er muddy streams where lilies float
                     And sway by night. My paddle dips
                     And wakes faint echoes from tall ships
                     That lie, gray-painted in the haze,

Like ghostly wraiths of elder days.

Heavy with blossoms, fragrant, white;

                      With lilies drooping in the night,

I come to you in white moon-sheen
And bring you sleep, and dreams serene.

                      In waxen lilies, cups of dew
                      And river-mist—but tears to you!
The Dollar

     By Vincent Starrett

SEXTON cynically tossed his hand
into the discard, and rose to his
feet.

  “I didn’t fill,” he said, “and as I hap-
pen now to be broke, it is impossible for
me to lose any more money.”

  “Like a little loan, Billy?” Fortune
carelessly shuffled a handful of green
bills, and grinned wickedly at his friend.

  “Not for play,” replied Sexton. “You
pirates have all of my money you’re
going to get, this week. You can lend
me a dollar, if you will, though; I haven’t
even carfare.”

  Fortune selected a crisp one dollar
bill from the sheaf in his hand, and
tossed it across the table.

  “Sexton’s too wild,” remarked Kin-
ross, when the unlucky player had left
the room. “He lacks judgment. He
ought to be made to walk home, once
or twice; it would teach him a lesson.”

  “He’ll walk, all right,” grinned For-
tune significantly.

  “Eh?” The table looked mildly in-
terested.

  “That was a phoney bill I handed
him,” chuckled the lender. “He may
pass it, of course, not knowing it to be
bad; but nobody but a blind man would
take it^“

  “He may get himself pinched,” re-
monstrated Kinross.

  “Serve him right!”

  The other newspaper men at the table
grunted approval. Popular as Sexton
was, the notion of his arrest appealed,
subtly, as something of a joke. The
game was resumed. It was just two
o'clock in the morning.

  Sexton, after leaving the Press Club,
headed for the nearest car line. He
cursed himself roundly for having lost
his week’s wages; but the emotion was
transitory. In a moment, he profoundly
congratulated himself on having thought
to borrow the dollar. The night was dis-
agreeable, and walking home would
have been an unpleasant and wearying
task.

  As he approached Wabash Avenue,
head bent against the blast, a form moved
in the deep shadows of a shop doorway.
A sob succeeded the movement; then
there was a sharp, intaken breath as the
reporter stopped.

  “What’s ’strouble?” Sexton inquired
professionally.

  A girl detached herself from the
shadows; a white face was raised to
his. Neither hope nor curiosity was in
the glance.

  “What is it?” asked Sexton again, im-
patiently. “Can I help?”

  “No—thank you,” replied the girl.

  The low voice was that of a gentle-
woman.

  “Look here,” said Sexton persuasively,
“don’t be afraid. I’m a newspaper man,
and I’m used to talking to strangers.
I hear more trouble every day than you
ever had. Sometimes I can help. Let’s
hear about it!”

  The girl had stopped crying.

  “You say you are a reporter?” she
asked nervously.

  “Times-Star,” said Sexton proudly.

  She looked at him more closely.

  “I am going to give you something to
write about,” she suddenly announced.

11
12

The Dollar

“I am going to—I am going down to
the lake!”

  “Great Scott! What for?”
“Everything—nothing!” said the girl.
“I can’t tell you.”

  Sexton hesitated.

  “Do you need money?” he asked, after
a moment.

  “No,” she said. “I haven’t any, but I
won’t need it where I am going.”
“Well,” said the reporter, almost re-
gretfully, “I’ll have to call a policeman.
I can’t let .you jump into the lake, you
know.”

  She grasped his arm quickly.

  “Please don’t!” she begged. -
“If you’ll give me your name and ad-
dress, and go home, and promise not
to do anything until I’ve seen you to-
morrow, I won’t!

  “If you don’t promise,” continued the
reporter, “I’ll call a policeman at once!”
“I can’t get home,” she said weakly.
“Of course, you have no money.
Here’s a dollar. It’s all I’ve got. Now,
you hustle along, as fast as you can.
Get something to eat first, if you can,
then go home, and don’t stir out of the
house till I come to-morrow. What is
your name, and where do you live?”
The girl told him. Suddenly she
seized his arm again. She was crying.

 “Thank you, oh, thank you!” she
sobbed. “I don’t think—I don’t think
I shall now!”

  “Good girl!” approved Sexton. A mo-
ment later, he said: “Good night!”

  The walk to his room was long and
cold. ...

  As he turned into the office next morn-
ing, he encountered Fortune, who
grinned at sight of his victim.

  “How did you enjoy the walk home
last night ?” inquired the second reporter,
sinfully joyous.

  Sexton was surprised.

  “How did you know I walked home?”
he demanded. “Did you follow me?”
“Didn’t have to,” chuckled the other.
“I knew you’d never pass that bill.”

  A weakness came over Sexton; he
caught his breath.

  “Wha-at!”

  “You mean to say you didn’t get wise
that it was phoney?”

  Sexton leaned heavily against the
nearest counter. He shook like a man
with a chill.

  “My God!” he said.

  There was a silence, while the second
reporter looked anxious.

  “Fortune,” Sexton said slowly, after
a moment, “you are a damned scoundrel
—and probably a murderer !”

  Quickly he turned and dashed out of
the doorway. He snatched a morning
paper from the newsstand at the corner,
and began hastily to scan its columns.
Page after page he turned without find-
ng that for which he looked. It was not
in the paper.

  He took the elevator to the second
floor, and burst dramatically upon his
city editor.

  “I want the morning off,” he said.
“Good story, I think, and possibly—”
“Sorry, Sexton,” said the gray-haired
young man at the littered desk, “but
I have other plans for you. I want you
to hurry down to the lake, at the foot
of—”

  The reporter wavered. Then he calmly
interrupted his chief.

  “A girl’s body has just been pulled
out,” he said. “She is young and rather
pretty, although poorly dressed. There
is no clew to her identity. In her purse,
there is a counterfeit one-dollar bill.”
“How did you know?” asked the city
editor. “It happened early this morn-
ing, and the police report has just come
in. How’ did you know?”
The Harbor

By Nancy Shore

SLOWLY the gleaming, floating, toss-
ing whiteness changed into shapes.
The gleaming whiteness became
frozen dunes, the tossing whiteness re-
vealed the winter sea, and the floating
whiteness drifted over the land in sprays
of whirling mist.

  Dark rows of pines marched to the
water’s edge, curving like protecting
arms about slender, gray crescents of
sand. Along the beaches and the cliffs
were houses, with boarded-up windows,
staring blindly at the sea. Deserted
boats, half buried in the sand, turned
useless, broken sides to the waves;
drift logs gleamed in the light of dawn,
the sun, searching them out against the
dark sands, turning them into shapes like
dried bones of prehistoric animals.

  Behind the closed summer cottages,
where not even the ghosts of summer
lovers remained, a narrow railroad track,
ties wet and gleaming, slid like two dark
streaks across the frozen meadows. A
train, a toy amid the surrounding im-
mensities, hurried along, casting a new
shade, yellow of smoke, to mingle wvith
the other floating veils that hid the de-
serted beach.

  Three gray threads, banners of hearth
and home, rose swaying in the clear
morning air. Smoke from a cozy cot-
tage on the cliffs, smoke from a tiny
house among the pines, and smoke from
the tall, crooked chimneys of the old
Hansen House.

  Out of the mist came a peculiar slosh-
ing sound, and after the sound came a
strange sight. A girl appeared leading
a cow, and about the cow’s neck was a

great wreath of roses—big, tattery flow-
ers with silver stems and glossy leaves.

  The wreath was formed of several
separate bouquets, and where the arti-
ficial flowers did not quite meet, sweet-
smelling strips of evergreen had been
woven into connecting loops.

 Undoubtedly, some one young and
beautiful had once worn those silver-
stemmed posies. • They radiated mem-
ories of bare, gleaming throats, of velvet
gowns, of ermine, sable and glittering
jewels. They suggested the throbbing
notes of an orchestra tuning up; the
mystery of lights turned low; the ex-
pectancy of an upward-sliding curtain.
They spoke of camellias and soft pink
ears, gleaming rosily with the breath of
a whisperer of sweet words against them.

  They were beautiful flowers, and even
though the cow that wore them was very
glossy, she was most indifferent. She
came swinging along over the frozen
earth, licking her long, sad face with
her long, damp tongue and swaying her
wreath with a certain air of annoyance,
as if she felt that the only suitable dec-
oration for a respectable cow was a neat
copper bell—not a great heavy gewgaw
of a wreath.

  The girl continually jerked the cow
forward as if she were afraid some one
might came along and witness the strange
exhibition.

  However, no one came. But if any
one had, he would have been surprised
to discover that the girl was not young,
that she was not a girl at all. There
were lines in her face put there by that
sharp chiseler Time; there were marks

13
14

The Harbor

put there by pain and sorrow. Notice-
ably, also, there was a certain look of
desperation.

  She was tall, magnificently tall, with
a white throat and a shielding depth of
breast. Her clear gray eyes were shaded
by dusty, golden lashes and her brows
curved away like slender wings. Her
cheeks gleamed with the cold air, and
her drooping, discouraged mouth was
surprisingly crimson. Low on her neck
was a great twist of pale hair, dead and
lifeless—the color of wet haystacks.

  The woman led the cow along the path-
way, pausing at a gate which sagged be-
tween moss-marked gate posts. Chains
gave forth a rusty jangle of welcome,
and the gate swung crookedly open. Be-
tween gnarled, wind-bent trees, a path-
way of ancient clamshells led away to
a gaunt house. The girl paused before
the rickety steps, straightened the wreath
about the cow's neck, a shadow of joy
slowly lifting some of the discourage-
ment from her face, and called softly,
her voice breaking the silent morning air
into a thousand echoic halloos.

  A red door, startling against the white-
ness of the house, like a seal on an old
letter, opened, and two figures appeared.
Two tiny, bent creatures, with shawls
over their heads like fairy-tale witches,
came creeping out, clinging to the porch
railings for support, their sunken eyes
fixed in amazement on the girl and the
cow.

  “But Karen, the cow—and milk for
winter, and milk for summer, and but-
ter/’ one of them croaked, dropping her
shawl and showing her ageworn, work-
bent figure. “Karen—the money in the
box?” Her voice was raised suspicious-
ly and her faded eyes gleamed with anger.

  “Oh, no, no, Auntie, I did not touch
the funeral money. You can have the
tall plum cakes as you always planned
and all the trimmings on your coffin, too.
I earned the extra money for the cow
last month when I was up at Oysterville
taking care of Captain Swenson’s wife

—don’t you remember—I told you about
the wife of the man who had the clam
factory up there? She had a baby, too,
and the doctor got caught by the tide at
Hug-the Coast Point, and did not get
there, and I did everything for her! Her
husband was frightened, it was their first
baby, and he paid me well—and we have
the cow 1”

  Karen talked as if it were hard to
make the old women understand. Her
sentences were stilted and her voice
pitched high. It always wearied her
to try to explain things to them. She
paused and then added like an indulgent
mother:

  “Mrs. Davis did the cow up in the
wreath. She said that when people are
as old as you are, it is time to have fes-
tivities upon their birthdays. She named
the cow ‘Rosebud.’ ” Karen laughed and
jerked the wreath into place again.
“Once Mrs. Davis wore those flowers
at a grand party—once when she was
young and rich!” the girl added softly.
It seemed very wonderful to her that
one could part with anything that had
meant joy and happiness.

  “Karen, Karen, but you are good!”
the girl’s mother croaked. “Karen, my
one good child!” She pronounced the
name gently, making the letters form a
single syllable, but putting any amount
of affection into the word.

  The two old women crept along the
broken steps, coming nearer to pat the
nose of the cow, to caress the velvet
flowers, to pinch off evergreen needles
and chew them between mumbling lips,
glancing up every few seconds to smile
at the girl, to blink kindly and content-
edly at her through the strong morning
light, which showed thousands of tiny
crisscrosses on their leathery skins—and
revealed the animal-like sadness of their
shifting, rheumy eyes.

  “Go back into the house now, little
women, and cuddle down by the fire.
Karen will take Rosebud over and milk
her and very soon you shall have milk.”
Nancy Shore

15

  The old Auntie sidled away across the
porch, to return carrying a rusty bucket
which she was polishing on her red
flannel petticoat. Her exposed, thin, old
legs looked, somehow, childish in their
white, hand-knit socks, above heavy,
muddy shoes.

  “No, no, Auntie; can’t start in with a
rusty bucket ; have to be clean, have to
try to run a dairy now, see ?” Karen said,
as if she were trying to teach a lesson
to a child. Auntie hung her head and
muttered about the old days, her shaking
chin a forerunner of tears. “Here, dear,
you may carry in the wreath and Mother
may bring out the shining new pail,”
Karen went on, desperately trying to
keep peace by a great show of fairness.
In a second, the little mother brought
out a new and shining pail.

  “Karen, on my birthday, I have news
for you—on my birthday,” she an-
nounced in a harsh, excited whisper,
slipping along over the frozen grass to-
wards Karen. The girl paused, a bar
of sunshine polishing the pail on her
arm, and bent nearer, the better to hear
her mother. “But he has come back—
he on the hill. When you had gone for
the cow—which then we did not know
we had—he came, he came by calling for
you, just the same, just the same.”

  The pail fell to the ground with a
crash. The cow, forgotten, wandered
off over the frost-stiffened flowers
of a deserted garden. Karen stooped
nearer and nearer to her mother.

  “Mother, no—it cannot be. Kent could
not come again, not now. Oh, he was
too slow!” Unbelief filled her voice.
“I am old, oh, I am old,” she adided so
softly that even her mother did not hear
her nor know why her eyes wandered
away over the dismal garden, only to
return and settle on her mud-covered,
work-broken boots. “Oh, and I am
ugly!” she said, slowly raising her eyes
to her red hands, as if it took physical
things to make her understand how truly
time can change beauty.

2—L. S.

  “I can not help it—he came.” Only
the disjointed arrangement of her sen-
tence marked Karen’s mother as a for-
eigner. She started for the house, but
once more came teetering back.

  “I said to Auntie that it was but more
trouble, but more trouble. I said to her
that it was to be expected, that even
more may be put upon us. I told her;
you will not have to speak with her
about it, too!” The old lady* sighed
sharply, taking her breath into her lungs
with a rattle, as if even the effort to
breathe hurt. Her sentences were per-
meated with fatalism; she seemed to be
announcing a proved fact.

  “Listen, little, foolish Mother. Long,
Jong ago we decided all about the man
on the hill.” Karen spoke as if she had
become a child to please a child. “We
settled it all; don’t worry over him and
the people here in this square house.
Look! we have the cow, and the square
house, the beautiful square house, and
Auntie, and the meeting with the spirits
of your youth. Why, you are in great
luck, little Mother. You know just what
you believe—so, after all, you have your
heart’s desire!”

  Karen enumerated her mother’s treas-
ures as one does a child’s stock of toys.
She stooped above her, gave the sunken
gray eyes a sweet, courageous lo©k,
pulled the shawl closer about the bent
shoulders, trying against Her own will
t© put her mother’s mind at rest.

  Her mother’s only answer was a far-
away look, and with another rattling
sigh, she turned from Karen, muttering
over and over: “Heart’s desire, heart’s
desire!”

  Karen led the cow across a frost-
hardened meadow to a sagging roofed
barn, which leaned crazily away from
the buffeting winds of the coast. She
pulled at the door, tramping down the
encroaching meadow grass to allow it to
swing open, and jerked the cow into the
deserted, shadowy place. Seated on a
three-legged stool, she began to milk.
16

The Harbor

  Hay over head, earth beneath feet,
a peaceful cow, a tiny stool, and a deep-
chested woman, made a picture of the
far Northland, not connected with the
wind-swept beach and its rows of sum-
mer cottages and its toy railroad. Karen,
glancing about the old stable, sensed the
picture she made, and allowed her
thoughts to be led away, down strange
pathways of the distant past, bringing
weird visions before her, making for-
gotten scenes creep forth to haunt the
remote corners of that dusty, straw-
stuffed barn.

  Years before, there had been a wed-
ding feast in Norway. There had been
fiddlers and many guests—girls in great
caps and men in gayly embroidered
vests. Old women cooked incessantly
while a priest waited in a mountain
chapel to perform the ceremony. The
groom, a tall boy with a great shock
of unruly hair, stared avidly at a little
thing in a stiff, jeweled lace cap, who,
for all her shy glances, was so soon to
be his wife. There had been singing all
day long.

  Just before the wedding hour, another
group of guests arrived—cousins from
a far-off mountain hamlet. The last
guest to dismount from the coach was a
girl, who peered up at the groom-to-be,
a trifle amazed at the great size of the
man her cousin had decided to marry.
From her black bodice the sleeves of
white, misty muslin stood out like airy,
fairy wings; her flat gold braids were
wound round and round her capless
head; her shoulders were crossed with
silver chains, from which fluttered tiny
red and blue tassels. She did not hurry
about with her cousin admiring the linen
chests, or tasting the foods for the feast.
She never stirred to mingle with the
dancers. She merely sat, her little
hands, unmarred by work, folded in her
smooth, silken lap, her slippered feet
swinging, and stared^at the boy with the
unruly hair. The boy, feeling a good bit
ignored in the mad preparations for his

own wedding, believing that the linens
and the food were entirely too attractive
to his bride, glanced once too often at
the little mountain girl, whose eyes had
never left his face. All of her dream-
filled mind seemed to shine out of her
gray eyes as she answered his smiles.
She was a dreamer, a spirit maiden of
the North, and she did not know tliat
the tall boy was merely a healthy young
animal with a sudden desire to crush
her pale, flat braids beneath his lips.
Abruptly, just as the wedding peals were
sounding, the boy picked up the little
stranger, and much to the alarm and
horror of the wedding guests, ran down
the mountain with her in his arms and
disappeared.

  After days of hard work; after months
of want and suffering; after times of
hunger, times of remorse, the couple,
she with her fluffy sleeves droopy and
dirty, he with his wedding vest torn by
toil and his face blanched by hardship,
went on board a great ship bound for
America.

  Karen had been born in the steerag'
of that ship, which after a storm-bound,
miserable voyage, had spewed a strange
cargo of humanity upon an unwelcoming,
bleak pier.

  A Norse fishing village on Long Fin-
ger Point had sheltered the tall man,
with ttte mussed, unruly hair, the wee,
frightened girl, with the tousled, pale
braids, and the squalling Karen. On a
meadow behind the Point, the man built
a hut, a mere mud hut, with a flat stone
before the door, and the hut had been
the home of the man, the girl, the baby,
and the cow.

  When Karen was eleven months old,
a little sister arrived, and when that atom
was two days old, her mother, with
Karen tugging at her skirts, had gone
forth to milk, to plow, and to hoe the
potatoes. She had discovered, among
other startling facts which marriage had
forced upon her, that the boy who had
carried her down the mountains, who
Nancy Shore

17

had whispered the meaning of love into
her eager ears, was in no way related
to the silent, selfish man who smoked all
the hours of the day before his mud hut,
and growled ceaselessly about the work
he never did.

  Time passed.

  Prosperity followed a railroad from
the city to Long Finger Point. Summer
time became three long, busy months,
crowded with serving people who built
summer cottages on the meadow, or
hung little places, like gay bird cages,
half way up the cliffs along the beach.

  The Hansens (now a cross man, a
work-bent woman, and five dirty chil-
dren) overflowed the flat stone before
the cabin and stared at the gay summer
people who passed and repassed the
place—a procession of drooping hats
and gay sweaters.

  “What are you thinking, little
Mother?” Karen would often ask, won-
dering at her mother’s dream-filled eyes.

  “The square house, the beautiful
square house, white, perhaps. I want it!”
Of all the dreams in which the mother
of Karen wrapped her brain, this was
the only one that ever came true.

  Karen, eagerly watching how other
people lived, learned that many of the
cottagers and campers desired a hotel
on the beach. A cheap hotel, where no
one dressed for dinner, where children
were not taboo, where a vacation could
be enjoyed for very little money.

  Standing one evening before the flat
stone, she expounded her plan to the
family of Hansen. Because she was the
child of her parents! strength and first
passion, she had inherited a certain
amount of beauty and brains, a combina-
tion not possessed by any of the others.
Her father entirely overlooked her pos-
session of brains, but he remembered his
own great body, and felt a certain pride
in her strength. Aye, she was strong,
and without a doubt, it would be well to
heed her.

  So, the outcome of Karen's speech was

that by the next spring a gaunt, square
house had been raised upon the spot
where, for years, the Hansen hovel had
bowed its grimy head. Needy relatives,
imported for the building of the house,
stayed on to help run the hotel.

  The square house, the beautiful reality
of the dreaming little mother’s desire,
was in truth nothing but a grave for her
hopes. Cheaply built, it reared itself
among some wind-bent trees, behind a
wish-bone shaped gateway of dried
whalebones. The dreamihouse was
white, bluish white, with yellow trim-
mings. At one side, a beehive-shaped
summer house supplied a spot for sleepy
granddads by day and spooning lovers
by night. Beside the gateway were some
bath houses, untidy spots with wet sand
oozing up under broken floors, and dirty
towels hanging like flags over the doors.
Behind the house was a great garden
where, early and late, the little Hansens
toiled—stooping over their beds, weeding,
weeding, weeding! After a few successful
seasons, a troop of cows stood patiently
before the whalebone gateway, tinkling
their bells and calling to Karen to come
and milk them. With the cows came a
smoke-house, and a peculiar old country
ice-house. In strange contrast to the
ever-growing string of unlovely out-
houses was the flower garden, beds neat-
ly bordered with clam shells, a waving,
fluttering daub of fragrance and color.

  The Hansen Hotel was crowded year
after year with little clerks, cheap store-
keepers, mostly foreigners, who turned
troops of children into the yard behind
the whalebones. Tired grandmothers
were sent to the beach to enjoy a two
weeks' vacation and guard a herd of
saucy grandchildren. One room at the
Hansen Hotel could accommodate a
whole family, and the rates were ad-
justable to suit any pocketbook.

  In winter the Hansen family lived in
the kitchen, the rest of the house being
shut away, dark, damp, echoic. In this
time of rest, Mrs. Hansen generally de-
18

The Harbor

voted a few days to the uninteresting,
unadventuresome task of having a new
baby. Sometimes, strange old-country
celebrations were held, much to eat,
much to drink, many people crowding
into the kitchen, steam dripping off
dirty clothes onto dirtier babies. After
the eating and drinking came a long, su-
perstitious, religious ceremony—for they
were all old-country spiritualists.

  With summer, all thoughts of celebra-
tion were lost in one long orgy of work.

  Karen was up at dawn, setting tables,
planning meals, boiling crabs, making
tasteless butter—grinding out her youth
for money which poor management
wasted.

  Her brothers were jerked out of bed
at dawn to wade in cold water for crabs,
to dig in wet sand for clams, to tramp
through dewy forests for berries. Little,
cold kiddies trooping into the kitchen to
lay the spoils of their efforts before their
father and then to rush away in the same
wet clothes, to work all day in the garden.

  Karen and her mother spent hours
over the great range—while the husband
and father marched proudly about watch-
ing his guests play croquet.

  The whole Hansen family slept in one
room behind the kitchen. Of course, if
there were too many children, they could
sleep just any place, dining-room tables,
back stairs, or in a wet haystack.

  Then, one day, baby Selma died—one
busy day in June, when the summer rush
was just beginning—and because no one
had time to mourn for her, a new light of
desperation crept into the gray eyes of
the mother.

  Time passed.

  Karen finished the coast school, and
her sister was married to a huge saloon
keeper from Olwaco. A little later,
Karen, a tall girl of seventeen, slender
and sweet to look upon, went to take
care of her sister when she had twin
babies. When Karen came back to the
square house, her eyes had a new look—
wonder. She was changed, indefinably

changed. If words had been her portion
at that time, she might have said, a trifle
sadly, that her soul had been born simul-
taneously with the birth of Christine’s
twins.

  One day in early fall, Karen’s mother
was in the wood-girt meadow cutting,
with an old fashioned scythe and long,
swishing sweeps, vferns for winter bed-
ding for the cattle. As she swung along,
her body following the scythe, her eyes
on her work, she became aware of a
sound other than the rhythmical swish,
szvish, swish of the long knife against
the brown, sweet-smelling ferns. Stand
ing in a hidden opening in the woods was
Karen. Her chin was raised to an angle
of listening, her wide gray eyes peered
ahead with a strained expression. Her
voice, which reached her mother’s ears,
seemed not only to be questioning the
bird and the trees and the open sky, but
to be imploring help in time of great
need.

  “I know that they are different—but
how are they different? Oh, how are
they different? If I knew, then I could
change us. They don’t have dirt and
pigs and babies in a heap; that I know!”

  The girl paused and her mother
pushed one end of the scythe into the
ground and crept nearer her strange
daughter. The girl had raised herself 011
her toes as if trying to peer over an ob-
stacle.

  “They are like a hill, Father and all of
them; and the way they live, and I am
just under the hill—but I don’t know the
pathway over it! Work, work, work,
dirt, babies, ugly things! I think I shall
die. But how am I to find out if there
is anything different in the world ?”

  Higher and higher the girl pulled her-
self up, as if by sheer physical strength
her splendid body might be forced to cast'
some gleams of light into her searching
brain.

  Her mother, standing beside the great
scythe, suddenly realized that she was
watching the punishment which had be-
Nancy Shore

19

gun at Karen’s birth—the punishment
for that one act which had ruined the
mother’s whole life, in that race down the
mountain with her cousin’s lover. The
whimsical mind of the woman of the
North, although blunted by disappoint-
ment and dulled by work, felt blindly
that this girl would go on paying for
years to come—paying for all tl^at the
girl in the fluffy sleeves—and silver
chains had done. Suddenly, the bent
woman beside the scythe felt a tumult-
uous desire to hurl herself upon that
great curved knife—to hack and gash
and tear at her own body in a futile at-
tempt to punish that body for leading
her astray. Instead, she crept out and
ended Karen’s revery by hurrying her
back to the gritty sink in the square
house—the gritty sink heaped high with
greasy, white chinaware.

  That same fall Karen received the im-
petus that sent her flying up the hill which
had hidden her from the lives of other
people.

  One night she was walking along the
beach, gathering dead fish which were to
be used as fertilizer. Instinctively, she
was ashamed of her occupation, and hid
herself away from an approaching group
of summer people. She crouched in the
shadowy sand behind a shielding boat,
while the group of laughing people
paused nearby and, unconsciously, told
her just what real people thought of such
an establishment as the Hansen Hotel.
She heard them giggling about the food
prepared in the dirty kitchen; she won-
dered why it was a joke to have one bath-
tub for forty people; she questioned ig-
norantly why other people spoke of her-
self and her brothers and sisters as “little
slaves.” Quite filled with wonderment,
she realized that these people from the
beautiful summer houses on the cliffs were
more than laughing at her family. But with
scalding cheeks, she heard her own name
trientioned in connection with the advent
of her sister’s bahies—and she'made the
alarming discovery that her father had

done a criminal thing when he had taken
money for Christine from the fat saloon-
keeper.

  With a gnawing fear at her heart and
her breath cold and rasping in her throat,
she learned that the name of Hilma—the
little, slim, blond Hilma—was a disgrace-
ful by-word among the summer colon-
ists. From that moment, Karen began to
connect perfume, ribbons, cheap jewelry,
and the hearing of little, slipping foot-
steps creeping into a house in the dawn-
time, the feeling of a slender, cold body
sliding into bed beside an older sister—
with a tragedy peculiar to innocent girl-
hood. When her tortured mind was
once more able to hear the voices of the
knowledge bringers, she realized why her
brothers coughed so much.

  For hours Karen lay there behind her
shielding boat, turning, twisting, moan-
ing, biting her hands—-like a tormented
wild creature. Then, with the calmness
of the peaceful, blue night, some of the
forgotten visions of her mother’s youth
crept down over the beach to bid her be
up and on her way. Far into the night,
Karen planned the salvation of the Han-
sen family.

  Karen did not spend the next winter in
the square house. She had gone home
with a family from the cliffs—to work
for her high school education. The next
summer, she honestly tried to improve
matters at the hotel, and just as honestly
she failed. The next winter Karen spent
in a doctor’s home in Port Greenflower,
and the next year saw her wearing a pro-
bationer’s uniform at the hospital in that
town.

  She was summoned home from the
hospital by an urgent message concern-
ing Hilma, and upon her arrival, she
called the family together in a conplave
which she planned as a beginning of great
changes that would affect the whole
establishment.

  To Karen, sitting in the deserted barn,
milking the birthday cow, the vision of
that family conference came' back With
20

The Harbor

alarming clearness. Her tragic disap-
pointment made it a never-to-be-forgot-
ten event. Crowded together were all
the members of the family, frightened
like dull animals at the solemnity of the
occasion. Frain, Emma and Hulda
gathered in a group near their eldest
brother, Egbert, who looked as if he were
listening to words spoken in a strange,
fascinating language. Mother Hansen
sat a bit apart, as if she had no right to
take an active part in the quarrel. Be-
side her was an empty little rocker where
Hilma had spent many hours, humming
as she rocked, like a little girl. Even
Karen did not suspect that her mother
was ceaselessly caressing, in the darkness
of her pocket, one of the girl’s beloved
ribbons.

  Auntie stood a little in front of a
group of agreeing relatives, and before
them all, Karen and her father paced up
and down, like speakers in a debate—
talking, talking, talking!

  “No one shall lizzen to her! Shut
up!” her father roared, and then flew
into a torrent of angry speech. The
family did not have to clean up or change
its way of living. Did not people pay
them well for boarding them ? The
coughing boys were merely lazy—they
could work if they cared to. The girls
were not bad, never; they were smart.
Smartness removed all sting of evil.
Hilma was the fool. She had gotten into
silly trouble. Karen was another fool—
coming home, spending money, because
her mother, the great stupid, had sent
her word about Hilma. What if the man
to whom they had just married Hilma
did come from a hut beside the cranberry
marsh—he of the humped back? Had
not the city boy’s father paid the crooked
man to marry Hilma? It had cost them
nothing! Why fuss? The thing might
happen to anyone. Lucky there had
been a crooked man handy. What if
Egbert were thin? What if his chest did
pain him? All could not have plenty in
this world! Why howl always of the

dirt? The good Lord made it, did He
not?

  The mother, staring backward at her
brood, had slipped away to call back the
spirit of baby Selma, to plant childish
flowers in a warm, sheltered corner of
her garden—candy-tuft, pink poppies,
and forget-me-nots.

  Karen never forgot the first result of
the family meeting. Someone had wak-
ened her in the middle of the night.
Someone with gray, visionary eyes, had
sat' upon her bed and asked her ques-
tion after question. A cold, thin hand
had pressed hers gratefully, and lips that
seemed old despite the softness of youth,
had kissed her, and the next morning
her father had ranted about Egbert, the
wise fool who had run away in the night,
he with his fine talk of education, with
nothing but a cough and a pair of worn
shoes to his name.

  Suddenly, sitting in that dusty barn,
Karen stretched her arms eagerly out
toward another shadowy vision. With a
little cry, she dropped them, shuddering
to think that memory could be so potent,
for, after all those years, she thought
she was holding Emma in her arms again,
Emma who had died, coughing, in the
midst of the boarding season, while the
old father stuffed and padded the walls
with horse blankets to keep the tumult of
her sickness from the rest of the hotel.
Karen’s heart had ached far worse than
the lungs of the poor girl who had been
cheated out of all the world—even out
of life itself.

  After that, life at the Hansen Hotel
was just an orgy of doctors and nurses
and beefsteaks and cream and eggs—
with death, who refused to loosen his
grip, leering in at the windows of the
square house of dreams.

  For three years, Karen, with a de-
termined expression on her face,
scrubbed; but alas, she scrubbed too late.

  One spring, Egbert returned. In
March, with the wind howling in the
trees, with rain beating in the windows,
Nancy Shore

21

he lectured to a jeering populace on the
undiscovered subject of eugenics. Later,
the whole village taunted the “cityfied
Swede” when he opened the school house,
and tried to teach. Came the night when
Egbert, the visionary, Egbert the dream-
er, died—he who had only loved one
thing more than wisdom—and that one
thing a cruel, scornful woman.

   “Karen, Karen, don’t give up. Make
it give you something, life, I mean, be-
cause we have given it so many lives!
Oh, win something, you poor, poor child!”
he had moaned, clinging to his sis-
ter’s hand and tossing to and fro on the
shoddy mattress of what had once been
the bridal-suite bed of the Hansen Hotel.
“Karen, they pushed us here, they pushed
us into hell! My mother, what did she
give me? Weakness and a dreamer’s
brain filled with taunting visions! God
in Heaven, what have I not wanted to
-do!” He turned away, his thin hand
clutching his throat, his saintlike face
filled with memories of the beauties of
the world which he had been allowed
but to glimpse, not possess. “And he,
my father, what did he give me? He
made me an animal, a grovelling animal.
Now I am dying, and that is their fault,
too. In all my life, never have I been
warm and never have I had enough to
eat. Now I implore you—make life
give you something—to—to love I”

   After Egbert died, no one came to the
 Hotel—the fear of death had won out
 over even cheapness.

   The beautiful square house of dreams
 was deserted except for Karen, her
 father, her mother, aud one old aunt.

   Karen scattered her memories to the
winds of the past, and peering up into
the shadowy depths of hay above her
head, asked again the question that for
years she had been repeating: Wrhat was
Life giving her, what was she giving
Life? The answer came in terms of
work, work and study, kindness to people
who, all along the beach, sought her out
in times of sickness. Work and study

 —not such a bad way to spend life, she
 reasoned, if only the first lessons had
 not been so bitter, if only the work were
 not so unending!

  Now he had come back!

  Karen shook her head, as if by the
mere movement she could do away with
truant thoughts. She wanted no taunt-
ing visions of the one happy time in
her life. Her gesture was futile—mem-
ories, sweetly insistent, crowded into her
brain.

  She saw the deserted summer houses
with boarded-up windows, blinking blind-
ly at the winter sea. Then she saw one
house where a light had gleamed like a
friendly beacon through many a winter
night. She-knew every nook and cranny
of that house on the cliffs. And though
for years she had not set foot within
it, she felt the sensation of home steal
over her as she thought of it. It was
there she had gone to nurse the broken,
illtreated body of Kent Dutton back to
some semblance of life*.

 “Hello, Norse Queen!” he had
mocked, when he had recovered from
weeks of delirious stupor, following an
injury received in a disgraceful motor
wreck. “Hello, Norse Queen,” he said,
recognizing his nurse, “how is the tribe
of Hansen? Still gathering dead fish
for garden sass?”

  Karen longed to despise the man for
his very weakness. He had possessed
everything that she had so desired, and
he had wilfully cast his life up in broken
bits. This man who had all the genius
denied to Egbert, merely lay counting
the hours, until he should be strong
enough for new dissipation.

  That same Fate which had handed
Karen only worthless remnants of life
out of which to make a thing called
existence, grinned and played a strange
joke on Kent Dutton. Fate shuffled the
cards called Propinquity, Strength, De-
spondency and Love, together with one
marked Karen—and spread them before
his listless hands.
22

The Harbor

  Karen was to learn strange things from
that hand which Fate dealt for Kent
Dutton. She learned that the full moon
might mean something besides a promise
of crabs in the morning; she realized
that the glowing coals in the fireplace
might bring thoughts of something more
than an empty woodbox. Taking food
in a companionable manner meant more
than mere memories of a greasy dish-
pan. To walk in the pine woods with
Kent was a trifle different from a rush
to find a spot where blackberries grew.
Her old enemy, the sea, which for years
had only meant cold and damp and howl-
ing winds, come to sing a soft and croon-
ing lullaby.

  Then the shadow born in that far
away flight down one of Norway’s moun-
tains, began to cast bleak darkness over
Karen’s time of love. She realized that
this wonderful passion of hers was but
temporary pleasure. There were things
in her life, things that had scarred her
brow, which she could never desert.
There were things in Kent’s life, things
with which he had scarred his brow, that
she feared he could never conquer.
Beaten firmly upon her mind was the
knowledge of her peculiar heritage, her
strange governing antecedents. The
fears that had marked her life, made
Karen afraid to undertake anything for
herself. Kent’s delirious ravings were
shadowed in her mind by Egbert’s dying
commands. Kent was the one thing she
wanted Life to give her and she was
afraid to take him. Even Love had
come to her life with a broken body and
a scarred face.

  “I can’t marry anyone, Kent. I have
to care for Mother and Father.” Karen
could still hear her voice, she could still
hear Kent pleading with her.

  How he had begged her to desert them,
to come away with him, to allow him
to show her life! With his very words
had come a bitter realization that, in
his heart, he held no responsibility sa-
cred. She realized that all her explana-

tions were in vain. Kent’s own selfish
inadequacy had raised another barrier
between them.

  “We shall go away, leave the terrible
beach. I shall go on writing stories,
Karen. We shall love and live.”

  “I can’t marry any one who is selfish,
Kent darling,” Karen had wept. “Father
was selfish—and look at all of us. It
would only mean that I should be cheated
more and more! I can’t be responsible
for anything else, dear. Love means
kindness and care to me. Egbert told
me to hang on until I was sure of some-
thing. Oh, Kent, dear, dear Kent, I am
not sure of you, not sure at all.”

  “Why, you are strong enough for two
of us. Think of your wonderful mind
and your great splendid body; think what
you have done for me. Why, I can’t
help being strong and growing stronger,
if I am with you!”

  “Think of the strength in my father’s
body and what it did for us,” Karen
had whispered. Then she proceeded to
strip all the glory of love from her life
by painting to her lover the sordidness
of that life. She left out nothing—the
stolen bride, the baby in the steerage,
the dirt, the disease, the hordes of chil-
dren. The whole tragedy of her exist-
ance fell from her ashamed lips.

  “My father was like a giant who lay
sleeping all day and feasted all night
upon the tribute his slaves brought him
—but these slaves were his own flesh and
blood. I can’t marry any one like you,
Kent. Don’t you see? If I marry, it
must be someone who will help me wash
the dirt marks off my soul, not some-
one who will smear on more. It must
be someone who will raise me, me and
my babies, not someone whom I shall
have to shove along to make him decent.
My shoulders are broad, but they can’t
carry any more. I am not quite of god-
dess size, you know !” She laughed drear-
ily at her poor, battered bit of humor.
“I shall go on carrying those old people
on my shoulders, while you go away and
Nancy Shore

23

try to make life count big for you. If
it does—come back. But the fight is
too big for any hope of those dreams
coming true, my dear, my very dear!”
In spite of her fatalistic disbelief, he had
left her, swearing that some day he
would return—filled with the strength
she craved.

  To Karen, sitting in the straw-stuffed
barn, was granted one more tragic pic-
ture—her father’s death. Like a wicked
old king, he called together his few
faithful retainers and repeated on his
death-bed tales of splendor and pomp.
Karen knew that her mother was won-
dering if that cruel, drooping mouth had
ever beguiled her with sweet, sweet
words, or if that gaunt, leathery cheek
had ever burned against her own through
nights of youthful love? Strangely, as
she looked at the old man, Karen wept,
and realized that she was thinking of
Kent. Could that broken, withered crea-
ture ever have been her great, strong
father ?

  At last it was over. In state, the own-
er of the one-time prosperous Hotel
Hansen rode away in the ornate auto-
mobile hearse from the village—and left
three women alone in the poverty-strick-
en house of tragedy. Auntie clicked her
teeth ceaselessly against her tongue, in
an age-old sound of woe. Suddenly
Karen's mother broke the silence, croak-
ing forth a sentence which, unconscious-
ly, told her daughter that she, too, knew
that life had cheated her.

  “Always did I want to ride in an auto-
mobile—and he did it first, he did it
first!”

  Karen picked up her pail and started
for the house. Again she shook her head
roughly as if she were trying to break in
upon her thoughts. She wanted no more
memory visions; she had torn her heart
with enough.

  The two old creatures by the fire gave
no sign of greeting as the girl came into
the kitchen. Finally, the mother spoke.

  “On my birthday, more trouble!” All

memory of the gift of the cow was stifled
in her present grief.

  “But, Mother, why do you fret so?
I have not even seen him, nor has he seen
me. He will not want me. I am old!”

  Tiny openings along the front of the
range gleamed like little windows in a
dark house. Flames curled up behind
them, casting a ruby light about the old
kitchen, tinting the girl’s cheeks with
rose, wiping all the weary lines of dis-
couragement away from her fine brow.
The lights of a real home would never
have the power to make Karen radiant.
She stood mutely watching the old wom-
en, realizing that, for their childish peace
of mind, she must put her greatest sac-
rifice into the surety of words. Their
silence demanded it.

  “He comes to take you—he comes!
Who will care for us? The money long
since is all gone. He takes the bread
from our mouths, the blood from our
hearts!”

  With her hands over her ears Karen
fled to her own room. She was dealing
with children—children who were filled
with selfish temper.

  Through the intense silence of the old
house, the nagging personalities of the
two old women followed her, and
seemed to invade the room where she
sat, her head buried in her arms. She
knew those two old creatures so well
that she could almost hear their thoughts.
Her shoulders sank hopelessly, her
mouth trembled, and her breath came in
one long, desperate sob. She had made
her decision.

  From the foot of the long, dark stairs,
a voice complained of hunger, reminding
Karen that the world still went on—the
world, and work and service.

  While her two charges ate the simple
meal she set before them, she was con-
scious that their looks invited her to un-
burden her thoughts to them. Finally,
in desperation, she paused on her way
to the store-room, to say:

  “Mother, dear, and little Auntie, you
24

The Harbor

are not to worry. Even if he has come
to take me, I shall not go. I shall stay
here with you—always. As long as you
need me, I stay. That I promise!”
Karen’s eyes showed great surprise
and pity when her mother teetered to
her, and standing on tiptoe, pressed her
flabby cheek against the girl’s glowing
face.

  “One good child left to me—one good
child.” The words were a croon of sheer
contentment.

  Karen, her mind filled with a strange
mingling of joy and peace, stooped and
patted her mother’s head. Then she
turned away, seeking air, freedom,
peace, which she knew she could find
if she went forth alone.

  From a tiny house among the pines,
she heard a wavering voice singing soft-
ly: “Oh, happy harbor of God's Saints;
Oh, sweet and pleasant shore!” Mrs.
Davis, who spent all her time in what
had once been merely a summer home,
who had lost position, wealth, family
and friends, could still sit at her tiny
organ and praise God for the place
wherein she spent her days.

  “It is a harbor, isn’t it—this beach of
ours, where if we only look for it, we
can find every form of contentment?”
Mrs. Davis said, coming to her door, and
smiling at Karen’s look of unbelief and
sarcasm. “Did the little old people like
the wreathed bossy? Did you tell them
that the flowers themselves had a his-
tory ?”

  Abruptly, without the slightest warn-
ing, Karen, who had never sought solace
on her own mother’s bosom, found her-
self weeping her heart out in another
woman’s arms. The whole pitiful tale
tumbled forth, and as Mrs. Davis kissed
the poor, starved lips, she murmured
over and over again:

  “Aye, a harbor of God’s saints—of
God’s saints!”

  Strangely comforted, Karen went once
more on her way along the cliffs. From
the moment when she had given her

promise to her mother, she knew that
she must seek out Kent and tell him.
She had thought to put the task aside,
but Fate hurried her on until she came in
sight of the familiar cottage and once
more called the call which she and Kent
in the past had used so often.

  Kent answered, and stood staring at
her, as amazed to see her as she was at
his appearance. He was a new Kent, a
man re-born, the eternal light of life
shining from his steady eyes, the strength
of manhood vitalizing his straight body.
He raised his arm in a sign of joyful
greeting. Karen, the girl for whom he
had gone on such a strange, stern jour-
ney, stood before him, her hair, flecked
with mist, falling about her face like a
silver halo.

  “Karen, Ivaren, look at me! I’m back,
I’m good. You can trust me now. I
don’t need your strength, I have my own.
All that I need now is your love,” he
called, as if he were merely finishing a
sentence started years before. “I tried
to go to the very depths, but every place
I went you went along—to pull me back.
I could never forget you! I’m through
with the mess of life. I’m sane, and be-
loved, I am worthy of you—worthy.”
He turned into the house, to return with
a sheaf of writings which he displayed
as a child might show to a teacher a
completed lesson. “People like them, I
can’t write enough, but they were all just
for you.” He stared at Karen a moment
and a frown slid into a groove between
his eyes. “You are too thin, and you
are too sad, but I shall change all that,
my beloved.” He laughed a bit, as if he
were remembering things he thought she
had forgotten; things concerning the man
he once had been. However, in his mind
was but one vital question. They were
too old, he knew to hide their emotions.
They did not have to sham as their time
for make-believe was long since passed.
The beach, in winter, was a thing with-
out finery and trimming, a thing funda-
mental, and their love was of the winter
World for All Other Crimes—

25

beach. “We shall marry and live here
safely on the cliffs. We shall bring up
our children to be good, to see good, and
to do good!”

  “Kent, I can’t come. I came to tell
you that. After all, Life cheated me,
Life cheated you! You came too late!
The waiting was all for nothing. My
children are but two old women who sit
beside the fire thinking of the spirits of
their lost youth—in the square house of
dreams.”

  “I’ll take care of the old women, I’ll
take care of every one,” Kent almost
screamed at her retreating figure.

  “I can’t come; I promised,” Karen
sobbed back, as she stumbled along the
cliff pathway. “I promised, and it nearly
broke my heart— Oh, Kent, don’t break
what little heart is left—don’t break it
all!”

  Karen ran blindly along, sentences and
words beating at her brain, harsh
thoughts forming into expression on her
lips. Suggestions of things she had been
thinking ever since she was a tiny girl
burst from her mouth. The world was
a dwelling place of selfish monsters!
Monsters that sapped and fed upon her
life and heart’s blood! As long as she
could feed those who demanded food,
nothing else mattered. After all, what
was a lonely life? What counted a
bruised heart?

  Beneath her feet curved the harbor, a
place of shelter for voyage-worn ships.
Pines crept to the water’9 edge and the
blue sky arched high its unheeding head

like a great, smooth bell. Above tossing,
green waves, sea gulls, pink legs tucked
under shining wings, wheeled and
shrieked in everlasting freedom.
From an old house of dreams, smoke
drifted across the world—a gray flag of
memories and from a little house in the
pines some one sang on and on about a
harbor—for God’s saints.

  Karen laughed aloud at the song.
What a taunt—when two old women
could mar and torture life year after
year.

  Suddenly, her tear-blinded eyes became
aware of a familiar little be-shawled
figure standing mutely beside her, listen-
ing to the music. The girl turned ab-
ruptly away.

  The little figure crept nearer and, a bit
timidly, placed her hand on Karen’s arm.

  “I’m a saint. Ain’t I suffered enough
—to make a saint? Will giving happi-
ness give peace ? Aye, it does! Karen, I
know—at last! Punishment is over,
you are a saint, I am a saint. Me and
Auntie—together we shall make out.
My good child has done no wrong: She
is a saint in the happy harbor. Run, oh,
run—let some one make it a happy har-
bor—here where we all died from sor-
row. Oh, make it a happy harbor, at
last!”

  Gently at first, and then sternly, using
all her failing strength, the old woman
pushed Karen back toward the man who
had earned her, and who waited for her
in the house on the cliffs above the
harbor.

WORLD, FOR ALL OTHER CRIMES

By Harry Kemp

                         \TSTORLD, for all other crimes forgiven,

                        *	* This can never be atoned;

                         The braying jackass is rewarded -
                         And the singing bird is stoned.
DREAM OF HEAVEN

      By Morgan Ireland

   | Q, I was lord of heaven

        With all its windy streets.

    And all its lost, dead women,

    In silver winding-sheets,

   Came singing by before me
   In an unearthly choir

   Beneath the flaming minarets
   Of opalescent fire;

   Came singing by before me
   Upon the windy street,

    Ladies with ghostly, windblown hair
    And silver-sandaled feet.

   The while I searched among them,
   In hope to find again

    The lady I had loved and lost
    When I was but a man;

   A lady of most touching grace,

   Of most contagious mirth,

   A lady I had loved and lost
   When I was on the earth.

   Alas! The search was futile,

    Futile and vain, because

   My love was not among them:

   I know not where she was.
Studies in Saffron

     By Thomas Grant Springer
     III—“CAN DO—”*

FOO CHOW was one of the hum-
blest participants in Armageddon.

As in civil life there must be the
hewers of wood and the drawers of
.water, so in war there must be those
whose weapon is the pick and shovel,
whose part of the glory lies too far be-
hind the lines to receive mention.

  Foo Chow was one of these. Writh
thousands of his coolie brethren, he had
crossed two seas from the Flowery King-
dom to play his part in the Foreign
Devils’ great war. He was of the bat-
talion of labor. It was for him to giye
his sweat while others gave their blood.
Viewed from the standpoint of the heroic,
he was not a figure for the casual eye
to focus upon. His teetering gait, the
result of generations of burden-bearers,
his round, placid, inscrutable face, the re-
sult of centuries of a stagnant civiliza-
tion, seemed to have no outstanding place
in the,<great martial picture.

   He was merely one of the infinitesimal
drab threads that Mars had picked up
to weave into the background of the
gigantic pattern of his greatest tapestry;
He and his fellows were as necessary
as the army mul% but far less picturesque.
Imported from far Canton with thou-
sands of other Chinese coolies, they
worked like galley slaves at anything
from stevedoring to acting as camp po-
lice for a wage that was no more than
our private soldier’s pay, and were con-
tent without the soldier’s bid for glory.
Bombed by aeroplanes, shelled in back

  * Founded on a news item in the London Post.

areas, sniped at while trench-digging,
they toiled on with all the philosophic
calm of their kind, braving even the
leaving of their bones in a strange, wild
land, from which they would never be
recovered and returned to mix at last
with the dust of their ancestors in the
far Flowery Kingdom. '

  It must be admitted that Foo Chow
and his companions had joined the “Most
Foreign Legion” from purely mercenary
motives. The why and wherefore of
the titanic struggle affected them not.
It was a Foreign Devils’ affair, in which
they had but a financial interest. Tar-
tar, Manchu, and internal strife their own
country had known, and at last a final
struggle from which it had emerged a
republic; but, through them all, the coolie
had passed as a pawn moved by unseen
hands. War to them had been the sport
of kings and rulers, from the Emper-
or to the Taipings. Better the pick
and shovel of a Foreign Devil laborer
than the sword, pike, or musket of a
masterly mandarin whose only pay was
the trivial loot of their own people after
he had skimmed the cream. Here were
rice and tea and mounting pay, so that
if one came safely through one might
return to a houseboat of one’s own on
the Yangtze River or the honorable posi-
tion of a merchant in a bazaar in one
of the crowded, twisted streets of Can-
ton City. One must join one’s ances-
tors sttme time. Better in an adventure
that would win an honorable future than

27
28

Studies in Saffron

to linger behind and drop at last like a
dead lily pad to the muddy bottom of a
logy canal. Behind the coolie, his wife
and children floated on a man-made water
way, eking out a bare living with a flock
of ducks the boy tended and a few cor-
morants, those falcons of the rivers,
which fished for their masters as philo-
sophically as the submissive coolies delved
for the mandarins for their meagre food.
Either they would remain thus, on a
coolie level, or he would raise them,
with the assistance of many Foreign
Devils' yen, to admire him in a mer-
chant's cap when he should return tri-
umphant from the Dragon's Field. Thus
he dreamed behind the imperturbable
mask of his face, the faint, set smile of
which won many grins from the Foreign
Devil soldiers, who made him the good-
natured butt of their rough jokes.

  Foo Chow they particularly singled out
because of his willingness to do any-
thing that came to his hand. No mat-
ter what was required of him, his un-
varying reply was “Can do." If the
short-handed cook at the mess tent want-
ed brought over from the commissary a
load that looked too much for two men
to handle, Foo Chow somehow got under
it with his cheerful “Can do,” and tee-
tered off. If the doughboys wanted their
clothes washed, they naturally singled
out Foo Chow for the imposition, and
though he might have toiled like a galley
slave through a long, trying day, he
would smilingly accept the added burden
with his invariable “Can do.” If, with
the filth, mud, and grime of a long ses-
sion in the trenches, the rest billet got
into the condition of an Augean stables,
the cleaning of it was always assigned
to this diminutive yellow Hercules, who
accepted the unenviable commission with
his philosophical “Can do,” for Foo Chow
had the sort of faith in himself that
moves mountains, and if someone had
asked him to go and fetch the moon,
habit no doubt would have prompted
him to reply without the least hesitation,

“Can do,” and immediately start upon
the mission, confident of his ability to
get the satellite.

  Now, the doughboys resting after a
stretch of active service have a rough
and unintentionally inconsiderate humor,
and they very naturally turned Foo
Chow's super-willingness to their pleas-
ure as well as profit. He became a sort
of serious, unconscious comedian for
them. So long as there was nothing to
which he would not answer “Can do,”
they took the keenest delight in putting
him up to the impossible.

  When a refractory mule went on a
strike and refused to submit to the galling
trappings of labor, one of the teamsters
insisted that even Foo Chow could not
harness him. “Can do,” replied that
individual with his usual alacrity and
the stubborn courage of an inborn pride
in his ability to accomplish anything.
He was rescued from the rash attempt
with some difficulty, but, several hours
later, he appeared with a chastened and
subdued quadruped and a triumphant
“Can do!” though how the task had been
accomplished was something that for-
ever remained a Chinese puzzle to the
would-be jokers.

  The engineers in dull moments were
given to sending him on long trips back
to the supply station to g;et left-handed
monkey wrenches, back-cutting saws,
and all the other supposedly humorous
impossibilities that have done such time-
honored service; and many were the
arguments in spluttering pidgin English
in which Foo Chow indulged, while try-
ing to live up to his much vaunted “Can
do.” The camp cooks, looking to escape
labor, would insist that Foo could not
cook this or that, and he would indig-
nantly refute the allegation to his nick-
name by an immediate demonstration,
no matter how much extra time he put
in at the expense of his own meagre
leisure. In vain his shrewder country-
men would point out to him the folly
of his ways. Foo Chow had his pride
Thomas Grant Springer

29

to sustain and accomplishment seemed
to him the clearest form of silencing
denial.

  But pride goeth before a fall, and Foo
Chow’s confidence in himself at last
proved to be his own undoing. A series
of smashing blows had advanced the
front lines some distance, and the rear
moved up over the retiring foe’s devasta-
tion. It was a busy time for Foo and
his fellow-workers. Roads were to be
rebuilt, old trenches leveled, ruined walls
pulled down, and the litter and clutter
of the battlefield collected for salvage.
As order began to come out of chaos
and the troops settled down into their
newly won positions, those returning to
the back areas for rest naturally relaxed
and were ripe for mischief. It was on
Foo Chow that they immediately picked.
Finding him alone, digging out a dis-
mantled field gun from a wrecked trench,
one of them, winking at his brothers,
insisted that it was too bad that the gun
could not be gotten back to their billet
for a souvenir. As was intended, this
proved to be a challenge to Foo Chow.

  “Can do,” he insisted promptly, though
the gun was far too heavy, once it
had been detached from the smashed car-
riage, to have been carried by two, or
even three, men.

  “Like hell you can!” remarked the
joker in a purposely doubting tone.
“We’d take it back ourselves if we did-
n’t have our packs. No Chink could
ever get it in alone.” *

  “Can do,” insisted Foo Chow stub-
bornly, at the same time weighing the
gun with a speculative eye.

  “Yes, you cannot do,” persisted his
tormentor, and the others laughed a
derisive echo.

  That was enough. While the group
grinned and giggled, Foo Chow tugged
and strained, hunched his shoulder under
the metal tube and, with legs that wob-
bled protestingly, managed to heave him-
self up beneath his burden and teeter
off over the rough ground, all but stag-

gering, but goaded on to his goal by th$
laughing doughboys trailing behind him.
Every moment they expected him to drop
it. The sweat stood out in bright beads
on his yellow face, merged into streams,
and trickled down his cheeks, off his
nose, and across his bent neck. His
breath wheezed and whistled, his bur-
dened back bowed lower and lower, and
his legs shook painfully, but, urged on
by the doubting comments of his tor-
mentors, he struggled on, finally arriv-
ing at the stable that served them as a
billet. With a mighty sigh of relief he
eased his load to the ground and turned
to them with a triumphant grin.

  “Good old boy!” they yelled in encour-
agement. “You’re the original old ‘Can
do,’ all right.”

  But the habitual grin faded slowly
from Foo Chow’s face. Into his eyes
crept a dull look of growing pain. He
tried to straighten his bowed back, then
his features twisted, and he put both
hands to his stomach.

  “Belly pletty much jumpie,” he re-
marked in a puzzled tone. Then his legs
gave way, and he sat down unsteadily
on the gun, doubling over on his knees.

  The boys became at once concerned
and bent over him with rough, kindly
sympathy.

  “Gee! the Chink hurt himself, I’ll bet,”
remarked one of them with a guilty note
in his voice. “Hurt much inside, eh,
Foo?” he asked, while the others looked
sheepishly at one another.

  “Belly heap jump,” replied Foo Chow,
holding the offending member, the lines
of pain that distorted his features fist-
ing now to more of a look of indigna-
tion.

  “I’ll bet the poor devil busted some-
thing inside. We better get him to the
surgeon right away,” and with worried
haste, in spite of his vigorous protest,
they bore him away where there would
be no danger of his doing anything for
some time to come.

  Though Foo Chow had more inherent
30

Studies in Saffron

faith in the dried beetles, powdered
snake skins and weird herb concoctions
of the charlatan practitioners of his na-
tive province, he submitted himself to the
Foreign Devil doctor, who sent his pa-
tient to a base hospital in the far back
area to lie tightly bandaged and fretfully
inactive behind the smiling, inscrutable
mask of a face that showed above the
coarse nightshirt like a yellow full moon
peeping over a white cloud-bank.

  The hospital was filled with severe
casualties, but those who were approach-
ing convalescence found much to amuse
them in Foo Chow’s set grin and humor-
ous pidgin English. With the nurses and
doctors^ too, he made himself a great
favorite. Stoically patient, habitually
good-natured, blindly obedient, his “Can
do” marked him even here in his en-
forced inactivity, for, if it were a case
of waiting for his dressing to be changed,
his food to be served, or even a drink
of water when the fever parched him
and the hurried, worried nurses would
ask, “You wait just a little while, Foo
Chow ?” his answer, though it often
taxed him more than anyone, least of all
the nurses, suspected, was always, “Can
do.”

  The hospital was an old chateau, seem-
ingly far enough fj*om war’s ghastly ac-
tivities to be safe. But the enemy bird-
men, like carrion vultures, must needs
pay it their usual attention. Every now
and then one of these winged sneaks,
escaping through the Allied patrol,
marked it for his target. The ears of
the patients, quickened by danger, grew
to recognize the hum of friend or foe,
and the nurses and attendants stood
ready at almost any time to herd or carry
their patients into the deep cellar when
occasion required. The hospital, like all
others, being pitifully shorthanded, the
less severe cases helped or carried their
more unfortunate brothers in affliction
to th*e comparative safety of the far
downstairs. Just before Foo Chow’s
arrival there had been several scares

that had strung the nerves of all the in-
mates up to the highest tension. A
playful airman had sown the flower beds
with bombs, and it was a settled convic-
tion among the patients that he would
come back some day, or night, and rec-
tify his error in judgment.

  The sorely worried nurse warned her
Oriental patient of this danger and gave
him minute instructions as to reaching
the cellar, his ward being on the second
floor. Foo Chow listened with his usual
respectful attention, but no apparent in-
terest.

  “We have so much trouble with the
patients who can’t walk,” she concluded.
“If the airman he come, you think you
can get down there alone?”

  “Allee light,” replied Foo Chow quiet-
ly. “Can do,” and apparently dismissed
the matter entirely from his mind.

  But as the uneventful days went on
with no return visit, the ward grew less
apprehensive. Foo Chow, comfortable
as long as he lay in one position, but not
being able to read and handicapped by
his lack of fluent English, grew restless.
The nurse had some difficulty in keeping
him to his bed and from getting up and
wandering about the ward, quiet being
the one thing now necessary to overcome
the strain he had undergone.

  “Now, Foo, you must promise me you
will not get up and try to walk. You
know, inside all broken up—you try to
walk now you break him all more. Then
you never walk at all again,” she warned.

  “No, no, can do now. Belly, he no
more jump um,” Foo would insist, but
the nurse and the doctor were obdurate,
and so Foo Chow, obedient by nature
and custom, lay outwardly still, but in-
wardly planning the many things that he
still thought he could do.

  It was just about this time that the
Hun birdman took to play a return date.
There was a full moon to aid him in his
dastardly work, and he came humming
over like a gigantic dragon-fly. The pa-
tients, recognizing from afar the drone
Thomas Grant Springer

31

of a hostile engine, began a scrambling
out of their beds, marshaled by the
nurses and assistants, and made what
haste they could to the semi-safety of
the cellar. Those less seriously injured
began picking up their helpless comrades,
some in their arms, others on mattresses.
Some assisted others to hobble or stag-
ger, and the sorry procession made what
pitiful haste it could to avoid a double
disaster. Short numbered, the nurses
rushed frantically here and there, striv-
ing to help as many as possible, but for
all they could do there were too few to
remove the helpless without several trips,
and so many had to be left to pray si-
lently in their beds that they might be
missed.

  At the first sign of confusion, Foo
Chow woke to sudden life. His small
slitted eyes began to twinkle with an
almost joyful excitement. The faint, set
grin that was his habitual expression
widened into a full smile. He was out
of bed on the instant, a ludicrous figure,
had there been but time in that trying
moment to notice it, his brown feet pad-
ding along the bare floor in vivid con-
trast to the coarse white nightgown that
hung above them at a ridiculous angle.

  “Walla malla?” he inquired almost ex-
citedly of the one-armed occupant of the
next bed, who, gray of face and cursing
violently between clenched teeth, was
holding his bandaged stump with his one
hand as he made for the door of the hall.

  “Damned boche aviator,” he growled,
casting a baleful eye aloft. “You better
beat it, Chinkie, before he begins to drop
his cursed load on us.” He staggered
hurriedly away as the humming above
them began to grow viciously louder.

  Foo Chow did not hurry. He knew
that sound well. This was not the first
time that the Foreign Devils’ Dragon-
Flies had showered him with their bombs
and stink-pots. But here there was work
to do, men, more helpless than himself,
to help to safety, and, without hesitation,
unmindful for once of die nurses, and

3—L. S.

doctor’s orders, he made for the nearest
bed and gathered up a soldier into his
arm?.

  Just then the nurse caught sight of
him.

  “No, no!” she cried, rushing to him
as he started for the door with his bur-
den. “You can’t do that, Foo. Put him
down and get away yourself I”

  “Can do, can do,” insisted Foo. With-
out waiting for farther argument he
started out into the hall and down the
stair for the cellar with his now uncon-
scious burden.

  Just as he gained the ground floor the
first bomb fell, missing the building nar-
rowly, but shaking the place to its very
foundations as it exploded in the yard.
Foo Chow was in the cellar almost be-
fore the vibrations ceased. He deposited
his burden and made a dash back up the
stairs. Circling, the Hun now tried
again. This time he struck a wing, shat-
tering it, but missing the main building.
Through the smoke and confusion, the
groans and cries of the men left behind
or being borne below, Foo Chow tot-
tered, selected his second burden, and
had the man in his arms before he was
noticed by any one in authority. This
time it was the doctor, himself laden, who
yelled impatiently at him.

  “Here, Foo Chow, put that man down,
you fool! You’re in a bad way your-
self r

  “Can do,” Foo Chow insisted, toiling
out without a thought of pause, although
by now he felt the strain, felt the sudden
giving way of something inside, just as
it had done on the day that they had
brought him to the hospital. But there
was work to be done. He was back upon
the job, and though his legs tottered
weakly under him, he managed, with
great effort, to get his second man to
safety and start back.

  The Hun had circled again. Almost
directly above them now, the engine was
humming louder, as if he had dived
down to makensure of a direct hit. In
32

The Return

the far corner Foo Chow noted a bed,
the white-faced occupant of which was
vainly trying to rise. Just as he made
for him the bomb struck fair, plunged
through the roof and exploded in the
room with a blinding flash and a crash-
ing scattering of deadly fragments.
There wa? a moment of paralysis among
all of them while the smoke cleared. One
of the nurses who had been thrown to
her knees rose unsteadily and noticed
Foo Chow standing upright and perfect-
ly motionless amid the tangled wreck-
age. Upon his usually imperturbable
face was an expression of puzzled in-
credulity, and he looked down with
amazed eyes at the spreading stain soil-
ing the immaculate whiteness of his
coarse night* garment. Then he raised
his head, looked with a sudden smile at
the waiting white face in the corner bed,
and toddled toward it.

  The nurse, realizing he had been badly
hit, was after him as fast as she could
go, but before she reached him Foo
Chow had his third burden in his arms
and was moving with it, somewhat un-
steadily now, toward the hall door.

  “Foo, Foo Chow, put that man down!”
the nurse commanded. “You’re hurt
yourself ; you must not—”

  “All light, all light—can do,” he in-
sisted and teetered out and down the
stairs, wavering somewhat uncertainly,
but gathering all his strength to reach
the cellar with his burden.

 The nurse had to turn back. Others
demanded her immediate attention.
There was the crash of another bomb,
and yet another, and through the smoke,
the wreck and the confusion, the groans
and cries of those stricken demanded
her aid. Above them the venomous
humming faded into the distance a^fhe
cowardly destroyer sped off under the
stars that blinked as if to shut out the
shameful sight of him from the eyes of
his victims.

 Again Foo Chow entered the room.
Now his steps lagged. The stain upon
his nightshirt had widened and spread.
The yellow of his face had faded to a
pasty gray, and over his dull eyes a film
was spreading. Clearing it away with a
backward brush of his hand, he looked
about the room for another of his com-
rades to be carried below. He started
unsteadily toward a still occupied bed.
Just as he reached it the nurse turned to
see him sway, crumple, and collapse, with
groping hands that still stretched out in
their work of rescue. As she gained his
side, he made a pitiful effort to get upon
his feet, but weakness conquered the im-
pulse. He looked up into her face for a
moment with something of the old smile
upon' his now colorless lips. Then his
gaze fell to the slow, spreading stain on
his breast. He shook his head weakly,
the tired eyes closed, the lips struggled
to frame the last words: “No—can—
do.”

THE RETURN

 By Harrison Dowd

 T^HEN love, that dry as dust old thing,
      Came kneeling by my bed.

 “Though you’ve renounced me many times,
 I’m here again,” he said.

 And I, whose tears were scarcely dry
 From the last angry pain,

 Reached out and grasped his withered hand-
 And found him young again!
Illusions

 By Roger Hartman

NOTHING had ever seemed so
completely absurd to Porter
Cresson, as Marcia Playre’s re-
iterated statement that years had built
a barrier between them which love could
not brush away, forget, ignore, obliterate.
Her strangely passive attitude toward
what seemed to him an obstacle utterly
contemptible was the one flaw he found
in her amazing power of clear reason-
ing, the swift, sure, straight thrusts of
her thought, which were an endless de-
light to him, schooled as he was to con-
sider women, in the mass, as creatures
of emotion and impulse—beings whose
nearest approach to intelligence was an
intuition compounded nine parts of de-
sire and one part of hope, with a trace,
perhaps, of fear.

  It was because Marcia really thought,
as he thought, really dissociated herself
and her prejudices and desires from her
mental processes, that he had first con-
sidered her as distinct from a world of
women who were no more to him than
more or less pleasing components of a
great natural color scheme. It was as
if a man, used to finding a mild pleasure
in the contemplation of an autumn hill-
side, content to consider its crimsons,
umbers, chromes, and greens as splashes
of color agreeably stimulating to the reti-
nal nerves, should suddenly discover one
leaf to be surpassingly individual, vivid-
ly and intimately alive, a quiveringly
sensitive being reacting as he reacted.

  His first attitude had been that of the
involuntary discoverer. He found him-
self a Columbus standing on the shore
of a new continent, the thrill of it un-

diminished by pre-calculations, an acci-
dental astronomer before whose unex-
pecting eye a glorious new planet swam
into view. Instinct gave him the pro-
prietory tone of all discoverers toward
their discoveries. He had found her;
she was his. It was a simple proposition
in elementary male logic. And Marcia,
with her deep, clear, understanding eyes,
softly touched with humor, read his mind
and, as a mother enters into the play-
world of her child, suffered him to cling
to his illusion. For all the splendid in-
dependence of her, the fine passion of
self-ownership which had kept her free
of life’s entangling alliances, she let this
man dream that he had some title in
her which took precedence even of her
own.

   Discoverers have always been just a
 little prone to ignore the prior patents
 of the aborigines. She did not quarrel

*	with Porter Cresson’s naive establish-
 ment of a protectorate. Being Marcia
 Playre, it was given her to see beyond
 the man’s boyish bent for strut and
 parade; to know and value the clean,
 fine, honest soul of him. Perhaps, even
 then, she understood that she was to love
 him as only the Marcia Playres may
 love—with clear eyes that penetrate il-
 lusion, and a courageous spirit that knows
 how soon, and in what ashen bitterness,
 the flowers fade.

   I am trying to be just toward Porter
 Cresson, and it is less difficult than I
 had fancied it would be. There was no
 malice in him, then or later. As far as
 a man may be the thing men mean when
 they say the word gentleman, Cresson

33
34

Illusions

deserved the name and still deserves it.
Even in those bad days when I felt the
old, savage lust of murder stir in me at
the sight of him, I loved him, I think.
He was a man's man. He did not know
that women loved him, and if he had
found it out, it would have shamed him,
hurt him. He was—and is—a living
refutation of the absurd lie that women
love pretty men, for if his mother had
found him beautiful in his infancy, she
must have been self-deceived beyond the
limits of maternal bias.

  Let me sketch him for you, as I have
him roughly crayoned in my portfolio
of drawings that I, only, see. I have
spread that crude portrait on the desk
before me, to be translated into words
instead of lines. If I could only make
you see him through my eyes, it would
be so much easier to explain what hap-
pened. Porter Cresson, in the flesh,
would make you acquit him as I acquit
him, and like him as I like him.

  Think, then, of the big, brown bear,
the great, amiable, friendly bear of your
fairy books, of Baloo, teacher of the
Pack Law to the cubs of Seonee. Dress
him in gray homespuns that are always
immaculate, always meticulously fresh
and creased, and yet which seem to multi-
ply the burliness, the overgrown boy-
muscles of thigh and shoulder. Shave
him to an olive skin, darken its tint with
the burn of suns, and add a glow of sav-
age health. Give him a wide, friendly,
elemental mouth, quick to reveal teeth
that are almost a bear's—short, unde-
veloped incisors and prominent, menac-
ing cuspids projecting well below the line.
Give him wide, deeply recessed eyes be-
low heavy brows which meet above the
wide, low-bridged, big nostriled nose.
Give him a forehead that slopes sharply
back to thick, soft hair growing in a
clear-defined widow's peak, hair that is
always brushed sleekly back, lying very
smooth and flat and yet leaves always
an impression of shagginess when you
think of it afterward.

  Yes, more than a hint of cave-man,
as you have already told yourself. But
there is no such impression when you
see Porter Cresson. He radiates an aura
of mental alertness that is almost gro-
tesque in its contradiction to his physical
type; you cannot hear him t^lk.without
knowing that he is one of the rare men
who can think incisively without making
cynics of themselves, men who have
warm emotions below glacial brains;
fine, generous impulses forever combating
remorseless, ^scientific logic. You must
think of him as a man who would take
almost the same delight in a sharply
fought game of chess as in a bear-romp
with crowing children, or a rough-and-
tumble wrestling bout with a lumber-
jack. You must conceive him as a joy-
ous football player, delighting in the rud-
est shock of straining bodies and still
guiding his stone-age muscles with the
cold, detached intelligence of a twentieth-
century scientist, plotting his attack and
defense to the most trivial detail and
playing like a berserk viking.

  Make him quick with sympathy, eager-
ly generous, give him a tact that is al-
most uncanny, and then send him through
Princeton and Cambridge and let him
spend a year or two finding himself in
the inner circle of painters and players
and thinkers that a few very lucky men
find waiting to welcome them at Paris.
Give him, too, a striking success for his
first effort at letters, a well-deserved po-
sition of authority in a field in which
few men succeed before they have passed
fifty. If you can visualize charm, give
him more of it than any man you have
ever known. Thus you will have a fair
idea of Porter Cresson; and perhaps you
will understand why I have never
learned to hate him—even now, when
he detests me, and is certain his detesta-
tion is well founded.

  Marcia? That is not so easy. There
are scores of sketches of her in my port-
folio, but each of them is no more than
a beginning, abandoned before it was
Roger Hartman

35

well begun. It is no more possible to
put Marcia into lines and shadows and
lights, than to paint a star. Star—that
is the best key-word. There is some-
thing starlike about her, something of
the distance, the ineffable pathos, that
surround the unattainable; something,

I too, of the purity that only a star seems
I fitted to typify. The weakness, of the
! simile is its cheapness. Every towheaded
iwench, since the race learned to grunt
jan embryo speech, has made somebody
:think of a star. I can do no better, but
vyou must imagine a star different from
jany other ever used for purposes of
^comparison — a higher, clearer, more
^ethereally luminous star than any you
;:can see in the sky to-night. Or, if you
are young enough, perhaps you can envi-
tsion Marcia Playre by giving her name
.to the dream woman you hope to find
:and love before you die. It doesn’t mat-
ter whether her eyes are blue or'gray
or her hair flax or red or midnight black
. . . you wouldn’t inquire the specific
'gravity of your star, would you?

  I brought Porter Cresson to Marcia,
rlt seems incredible now that I should
mot have foreseen what must inevitably
*^row out of that encounter. I knew
vMarcia as a man sometimes comes to
:know the woman he loves with a hope-
lessness so complete that it keeps his
^secret even from such eyes as., Marcia
:Playre’s. I used to be glad, in those days,
[that Marcia didn’t know. If she had
jknown, she would have sent me away
—for my soul’s sake. But she did not.
*And I, after I had seen for myself that
ithere was that in Porter Cresson which
rmade a woman’s heart quicken at the
'sight of him, brought him to Marcia—
[Marcia, the star-woman, fatuously cock-
-sure that no woman of six-and-thirty
ineed fear an overgrown bear-boy, twelve
years younger by the calendar and twelve
hundred centuries younger in that age
of the soul that is understanding. Oh,
I didn’t even think about it—it would
have impressed me, then, as being quite

as needless as to worry over the results
of letting the Aphrodite of Melos meet
John Keats.

  Cresson was blind to her beauty. Mar-
cia had the kind of loveliness which
is in the blue of a September sky too
perfect to advertise itself, to obtrude
insistently on the senses. And Cresson
was taken off his feet from the first in-
stant by his discovery that she could
think. He has the type of brain which
is closed against simultaneous impres-
sions—he has room for only one idea
at a time. I doubt if he had any clear
mental image of Marcia’s face when he
came up to my rooms after that first
visit, to spend half the night telling me
about her mind.

  Can you see him, filling my biggest
chair so that it seemed absurdly frail,
blazing at me with the vivid words he
chose like a master of speech, and
alight with the miracle of a woman whom
the gods had seen fit to endow with a
brain? I remember smiling tolerantly
at him and thinking what a wonderful
thing it was to be young enough to have
enthusiasms. ... I suppose I looked a
hundred years old to him. . . . He talked
to me as if I wrere an innocent bystander.

  ... I was thirty-eight then.

  His confidences were rather hard to
bear, as he grew to understand Marcia. 1
For no better reason, I think, than that
I had introduced them, he chose me, from
the very beginning, as the repository of
his emotional processes. He twitched at
my sleeve, as a vivisector might, to urge
me toward the operating table on which
he dissected his soul—dissected it like
the genius he was, with an uncanny sure-
ness of hand, but with savage ruthless-
ness. It revolted me, but, with the hyp-
nosis that horror can exert on the least
sanguinary, fascinated me. 'It was only
when he began dissecting Marcia that I
stopped him short. I couldn’t bear
that. . . .

  Still, I heard enough. It was no more
than a question of years that lay between
36

Illusions

              them, within a week af^r I took him to	those of the boy who loved her. I think

              her blue and silver room that looked out	that she always knew what the end must

            on the plane-trees. Twelve years—I	be, that Cresson’s blazing eloquence

             could understand how terrible they must	never convinced her. Something she

              seem to Marcia, against the boy’s vivid	said to me before the shadow came, told

              youth, how deadly they were to her now	me the truth of that,
              that she had become conscious of time. “Happiness? Isn’t it only a reflection,

              . . . There had been moments when I	after all? Is there a positive happiness,

              had envied her the two years that lay	Jim? I think it’s only what one sees in

             between my age and hers. Marcia	the eyes of somebody one loves. . . .”
             Playre, to whom time had been no more I knew, then, what she meant. She

             than a fourth dimension, to whom the	married Cresson, not because she hoped

              years were friends whose passing left	to trick the years, but because she saw

              softly blessed memories and no regrets	that in making him a god in his own be-

              —Marcia, facing at last the bitter lesson	lief, she would know happiness by the

             of age—at six-and-thirty! How she	divine indirection of her service. She

             would hate them, those months that had	married him as a girl would have mar-

            tricked her into thinking them her	ried him—flinging away her fears and

               friends, as, little by little, they carried	her doubts, plunging recklessly into his

          youth from her!	madness, giving him fire for fire, song

             Yet she saw the truth clearly enough,	for song, laugh for laugh. She made

              From Cresson’s vivid recitals of the ar-	herself his mate in youth, in the magni-

              guments he marshaled against her, I	ficent folly of it, the glow and blaze and

              could reconstruct her thought. He did	glad abandon of it. I watched her, mar-

               not violate her confidence, but he told me,	veling. . . . 'She turned her back on the

              without knowing it, just how she opposed	sunset and on me, and raced back toward

            him. I knew her so well, you see.	the morning, laughing, sped back to

              Yes, I was glad that she was old. It	where Cresson waited for her.
              had been hard enough to face the truth I found some plausible excuse for

              that she would never care for me except	being far away when they were married,

              with the placid, dilute friendliness that	In my self-centred blindness, I thought

             tortured, while it fascinated me. Now,	that she would mark my absence and

              to find her wakened by this boy, respond-	guess it's reason. I reproached myself

              ing to the pagan youth and fire of him	for risking a shadow on her day. Later,

             as if she had been a woman of his own	I laughed, as an old, wise man laughs

             crude epoch—it was enough to make me	at his boy’s importance. Marcia would

              fiercely glad that she saw that barrier	not have seen me, on that day, if I had

             for what it was, and would not yield.	cut my throat before her in the very

            “Youth turns to youth. . . .”	aisle! She had found the way back into

             She knew, of course she knew. The	that cruel Eden of Youth, the mystery

              years that waited for her were the blood-	that makes a solitude for two in the

               less ones, the evil days of the Psalmist,	midst of many, the paradise that is more

              She had learned at last of the bitterness	a paradise because the whole world is

              which takes no pleasure in the morning	relentlessly shut out of it. I found out,

              and sees only the foreshadow of death in	long afterward, that she believed I had

             the dusk. . . . And the years that lay	stood among the guests and seen her

             before Cresson—ah, the years that leap	marry Cresson!

             and pulse and laugh in a world of youth I watched them both. Somehow, now

              and love! Marcia knew the ever-widen-	that the thing was done, I lost my bitter-

             ing gulf between her to-morrows and	ness. I wanted Marcia to win her game.
Roger Hartman

37

Looking on, -from my place above the
playground, I almost prayed that she
might win—and with only gladness I saw
her steadily winning. I even came to
like Cresson again because he let her win,
because he loved her as crazily, after two
years, as he had loved her in the first
mad days, because not even Marcia’s eyes
could find a hint of waning infatuation
in his attitude.

  He must have been less than human
if he had not loved her. She gave him
no chance to relax; she flung herself
down from her infinite places to become
a temptress, a playmate, a laughing, chal-
lenging, elusively maddening mistress of
the sort that a woman must make of her-
self to be.a successful wife to such a
man as Porter Cresson.

  The years passed—lightly for them,
heavily for me. For I was afraid, hor-
ribly afraid. The difference between
twenty-five and thirty-seven is hard
enough for love to span; between twenty-
eight and forty—I could not hope that
even such a love as theirs could bridge
that gulf. And I knew Marcia^ when
love died, she would die, too. Cresson
would not understand. So, greatly fear-
ing, I stood by. It was not easy to look
on. There were times when I saw their
eyes meet in a chance, roving glance,
clash and fasten and glow, shutting me
out. ... No, it wasn’t easy. But I did
it. I wanted Marcia to feel, always, that
I stood very close.

  Cresson, as the world knows, devel-
oped splendidly in line with his preco-
cious promises. His genius found itself,
expanded, flowered. He took a boy’s de-
light in it, a frank, unaffected and un-
concealed pleasure in being known, ad-
mired, respected, envied. The passionate
youth of him seemed to grow stronger
as he came into the surety of his thirties.
He was a pagan still, a boy, a wild, joy-
ous beast-man, above or below or beyond
the weakening inhibitions of our degen-
erate age, a law to himself. I watched
him. And, gradually, I saw him change

under the slow chemistry of time, as
other men change, saw the tragedy begin
to slip its shadow, unperceived, above
him.

  Men who have passed beyond the sinis-
ter line of fifty know too well what it
means to discover a growing inclination
to be critical, a deepening discrimination
which at first seems only the result of
knowledge and experience. There comes
a time when nature seems to sharpen the
eye and quicken the ear, when the mere
prettiness of face or figure, the light
laughter of young voices, no longer suf-
fice to quicken the pulse; when one seeks
something nameless and haunting—be-
yond the superficial. A man grows crit-
ical under the years; he develops an eye
for trivial blemishes, an ear for slight
discords. And he turns constantly back-
ward, trying to blind himself to the gray-
ness that waits beyond.

  Cresson was in my rooms when he
woke to himself. At least, he seemed
to - understand what was happening in
him, suddenly, under my eyes.

  He turned toward me slowly, his face
queerly drawn.

  “My God, Jim, I’m thirty-one years
old!”

  I did not smile. I remembered too
keenly the thrill of fear that bites through
a man as it dawns on him, in one sobering
flash of realization, that he isn’t a boy
any more, that he has been lifted out of
precocity to a footing o,f equality with
other men, when he is no longer meas-
ured relatively, but absolutely, no longer
a clever youngster, but a man—to be
appraised by the standards of all men,
young or old.

  “Yes,” I said. “I was wondering when
you'would find it out. It won’t do you
any harm, if you keep your balance.
Youth is relative, like everything else.”

  “That’s it,” he said, still under the
cold touch of discovery. “There are—
people who’d think me old—”

  “Not so many as those who would
think you still a boy,” I reminded him,
38*

Illusions

and could have bitten my tongue at the
careless speech as I saw his thought leap
toward Marcia. I had wakened his self-
consciousness to the gulf between them
—Marcia at three and forty, he at thirty-
one !

  He nodded slowly.

  “That’s true enough, Jim. I suppose I
do look like a kid to—to you, for in-
stance ?”

  “Yes.” His cruelty showed that he
was still young. I managed not to wince
at the heedlessness of that speech. “Yes,
Cresson, when you feel your age getting
oppressive, consider me and be com-
forted. That’s one advantage of choos-
ing your friends out of the earlier gener-
ation.”

  Again I saw his thought flash to his
wife. Henceforward he would strength-
en his mental grip on youth by contrast-
ing his years with Marcia’s. They would
actually comfort him now, those twelve
intervening years!

  I met them both, a few days later, at
the Moseleys’ dinner. I saw in a flash
that my chance-dropped seed had taken
root ineradicably in Porter Cresson. He
was charmingly thoughtful of Marcia—
so obviously solicitous that old Mrs.
Moseley commented on it in her pungent
style, for my ear only.

  “Young Cresson’s waking up to Mar-
cia’s age, isn’t he? He couldn’t be
more careful of her if she were his
venerable grandmother.”

  I changed the subject rather pointedly,
but the wicked old woman gurgled in
her formidable bass to let me know that
she didn’t care whether or no I approved
of her. Later, I saw her repeating the
idea to Sally Fraser, who is more feline
in her instincts than any other woman
of my acquaintance. I did the only thing
I could: I hung about Marcia persist-
ently until she left—quite early. Cres-
son suggested it, fondly reminding her
that she’d had a trying day. I thought
I saw her flinch a little away from him
as he bent over her. I knew what she

was feeling, behind those words. And
her eyes clung to mine for a moment
as we parted, clung with a kind of fright
in them, the blind, bewildered appeal of
the child who faces new, terrifying pain.
She needed me. And her glance said
so. I went home afoot that night, think-
ing hard. There are moments in any
man’s life when he faces, quite suddenly,
an opportunity that challenges every evil
impulse in him. Marcia needed me, at i
last. It was to mine that her eyes had
made that mute appeal, over Cresson’s ]
shoulder. . . .

  I went to see her next day. Cresson,

I knew, would be at his work. He al- I
ways drove himself relentlessly at it.
Until five, nothing could get him out of
his study. Marcia was alone in her
blue and silver room, paler than I had
ever seen her—and lovelier. She was
more like the Marcia I had known be-
fore Cresson set her life on fire with the
flame of his pagan youth. Her hand, as
I touched it, was cool and gentle and
steady, and her eyes were calm, as they
had been in the old days.

  “Porter’s busy,” she said. I knew
that the words merely covered her
thought.

  “I came to see you,” I told her. “I—
I’m seeking consolation, to-day. I’m
fifty, and I don’t enjoy it.”

  It was quite safe to add five years to
the truth. I am not given to publishing
my personal affairs in such compendiums
as “Who’s Who ” and if anyone except
my brother in Hong Kong is aware of
my age, I cannot imagine how he dis-
covered it.

  Marcia’s eyes widened.

  “Jimmy—you’re not!” She spoke
compassionately before her mind had
time to weigh the words. The color
swept into her cheeks as their import
dawned on her, but she was Marcia—
she did not aggravate the wound by
apologies. Instead, she laughed softly,
and dropped her cool fingers on “my
wrist.
Roger Hartman

39

  “You mendacious graybeard! You’ve
been deceiving us all for years. I thought
you were no older than I. There—let’s
not talk about it.” She snapped her
fingers. “There goes the calendar. Sit
down and talk to me nicely, Jim. I
haven’t seen you half enough, these last
few months. I’ve missed you.”

  I lowered myself into a chair as if I
were -seventy. I had my part to play
for her, and Marcia’s eyes are shrewd
and keen. Age—age—there was my cue.
Marcia would be comforted at every
sign of it I showed. And, if I hoped to
stand by her when the crisis came, she
must come to be sure of me again—to
think of me as she had thought of me
before Cresson came. L could foresee
the ugly rocks that lay before her in
the channel.

  I saw her rather often, after that. I
comforted her, you see. She kept her
pity out of her eyes and tone, but I could
feel it always, feel her sense of youth
quicken in her as she regarded me. It
is not easy, when you are forty-five or
so, to have the woman you have loved
for years look toward you as a sort of
bulwark against old age. But I knew
that the time was coming when Marcia
would need me horribly, and I meant to
stand by. I had no thought of anything
beyond that service, though sometimes
I felt my nerves leap and quiver like a
boy’s when her hand touched mine.

  It was months after that interview
that I stood on the wide, flagged terrace
of Harry Loring’s Long Island palazzo,
the sunken, formal garden, silver and
black under the moon, the white marbles
ghost-gray about me, and saw the spark
leap from the soul of Porter Cresson to
the vivid, eager youth of Edith Strang.
There was a strange, insistent atmos-
phere of unreality about it—the sense
of something theatric, staged cleverly
against an obscure background for a
subtle emphasis on the figures and faces.
I had foreseen a little of what impended.
Ever since Edith Strang had come from

her years abroad, a wonderful bit of
human artistry, like the intricately per-
fect figurines one finds on old China,
a restless, fiery spirit in a body that made
me think of a bacchante caught and
prisoned in stays and petticoats, I had
known that Porter Cresson found in her
an appeal that mocked at his honest ef-
forts at resistance. The girl herself,
surfeited with clieap devotions, sur-
rounded by a ludicrously servile crowd
of tailor’s-dummy males, must have felt
and gloried in the combat she stirred in
a man who mattered—a man like Cres-
son. I liked her. She was far above the
hateful habit of small women who snare
men for idle sport. It was not her fault
that something in her drew Cresson ir-
resistibly, nor was it his fault that he was
drawn. He was a drowning man. He
fought hard, and he kept his head above
the waters till that night at Loring’s.
Then, as the girl slipped through one of
the tall, wide windows to the terrace,
I saw him follow her. There was that
in his eyes that told me he had reached
the end of his strength. I went after
them. It is a queer conviction, that firm
belief that each of us holds it in his
power to avert disaster by his mere pres-
ence. It seemed to me that I could stop
the mischief, even then.

  As I stepped into the shadow of the
wall and looked about for them, I saw
it happen. She stood motionless in the
clear space by the pool, the moon full on
her, her head up and back, her arms
at her sides; a woman waiting, unafraid,
remorseless. And Cresson went to her
like a man carried onward in the grip of
some outer force. I saw his hands lift
suddenly and hers rise to meet their
groping gesture, saw them stand so,
frozen into immobility like carved
marble, saw them sway together. Even
a man whose youth is twenty years be-
hind him could understand the force that
moved them into that embrace. Love
laughs at locksmiths, does it? What a
feeble saw! When love snaps his fin-
40

Illusions

gers, faith mocks honor and makes a butt
of God. . . .

  I went back into the blur of casual,
rippling speech, which sounded Jike the
noise of some futile brook after one has
stood transfixed and appalled before the
power and awfulness of Niagara. Some-
body was dissecting the last hand of
bridge; there was a ^little outbreak of
light- laughter from the group where
Johnny Blent was holding forth, untir-
ing buffoon that he will be till he dies.
I instinctively, looked about for Marcia.
She needed me, now. I must find her,
find her before she guessed. . . .

  She came in from the terrace as I
searched for her. Something swelled
achingly in my throat at the sight of
her, erect, proud, smiling that cool, re-
mote, inscrutable smile that seemed to
lift her above us, like a mildly enter-
tained goddess looking down on the
amusing antics of men. She had about
her shoulders a wrap of black Spanish
lace that made her seem curiously old,
for the instant before my eyes met hers.
Then she came toward me, and I saw the
blaze and glow in them and knew that
she was young.

  “It’s a night for all the gods, Jim,” she
said, in her throaty, whispering voice.
“Let’s have our share of it. It’s blas-
phemy—this electric counterfeit.”

  We went out. I managed to choose
the w^st window. Marcia’s hand slipped
through the bend of my arm as we
stepped out on the terrace. I could feel
that it was steady, and her voice was
cool and even and level. "She must have
seen what I had seen, and yet, with her
life tumbling in dust and ashes about
her, she could laugh in that low, cool
music, and drink in the penetrating, ach-
ing beauty of the night.

  I don’t know how long we sat on the
old marble seat that Harry Loring
smuggled out of Italy. I remember that
some harsh-voiced night bird yawped
dismally in the bulked shadows of the
evergreens and the distant complaint of

surf throbbed eternally in my brain. I
was thinking hard, seeking a way out—
for Marcia. I found it, at the last, with
a stab of self-scorn for my blindness.
My time had come for speech—after the
silent years.

  “. . .It aches, doesn’t it, Jimmy—the
moonlight and the night and the blend-
ing voices of it? Do you feel the pain
in it all? Does it seem to be telling you
to hurry, hurry, hurry, before life twists
out of your clutch and deserts you, with
a mocking, taunting chuckle?”

  I had her hands in mine. Words came
to me. I cannot set them down. They
do not matter. She understood. I should
have been afraid of her clear, cool anger,
but I was not. We had passed beyond
the petty levels where offense is easy.
Perhaps, because I had forgotten that
I loved her as a man loves only once in
his life, because I was eager to stand
between her and the rude shock of dis-
illusion, awakening, she found no injury
in my speech. So I sat in the moonlight
and told Porter Cresson’s wife that I
loved her, and was not ashamed, and
did not anger her.

  I stopped. There was a moment of
black stillness between us, a tense, strain-
ing instant like the hush that seems to
come before the thunderbolt. Then Mar-
cia laughed. It was like some unearthly
sound—her quiet, low, round laughter.
Her hands tightened ever so slightly in
mine.

  “Dear old Jim! Do you dream I have-
n’t known ? I brought you here, so that
the moon would make you tell me. I—
I wanted to hear—”

  I could only grope in a sudden ra-
diance that was more blinding than the
dark. For an instant, I almost believed
what I wanted to believe—that Marcia
cared for me, in some mysterious miracle
of transformation. Then, as my uni-
verse cleared, I understood. Marcia
would do exactly this; a lesser woman
would have turned to me for spite, per-
haps, to soothe her wounded pride. Put
Roger Hartman

41

Marcia meant to give Cresson freedom
in the only way in which such a man
as he might take it at her hands. Ah,
she was clever!

 “Cresson—” I managed to say his
name before my throat tightened.

  She sighed a little.

  “It is all right, Jim. He—he doesn’t
know, but the years have broken what
linked us. I am almost forty-three, and
he is barely thirty-one. He tells him-
self that love still spans that gulf, but
—but he is careful not to set his weight
upon the bridge, Jim. I have come to
understand a little better in these later
years. There is a difference between
us that isn’t in the books. A man loves
forward or back—the boy conceives his
passion for a woman, and the man, as
the years draw down on him, for a child.
But a woman can’t find comfort in the
spectacle of youth. . . . Porter’s youth
is like a constant sneer in my teeth. A
woman wants to comfort herself behind
the shelter of another’s age, to hug the
thought that she is not so old as some-
one else. Jim, if you had guessed, you
would have told me long ago. I have
wanted you so—so terribly.”

  I sat very still. She would have made
an actress such as no stage ever held.
Knowing that she lied, knowing that
every word and tone was false, I all but
believed her. Women—the best and the
worst—are infinitely more cruel than
men; she reminded me of the wife in
some Shaw play—the eternal feminine
who tells her youthful suitor that she
would cook him for her husband’s sup-
per without qualm. She knew that I
loved her, and she coolly used that love
to shield her man from the reproach of
his conscience for deserting her. She
would have ordered me flung to the lions
as lightly as she played on the soul of
me. ... I knew. She was Marcia
Playre! And I loved her more because
I knew. There is the paradox of love.
I adored her more utterly than ever,
now that I was wholly sure that she could

  watch me torn in pieces without a quiver,
if my destruction served the man she
loved.

  My mind worked swiftly, in that mo-
ment. How did she dare choose this
expedient? Did she think that I could
be hoodwinked, like the pathetic old fel-
lows of French farce? Or did she really
contemplate the sacrifice of herself ? I
krjew she could not. Marcia Playre
might sin splendidly, but she would never
sneak, or cheat, or steal. Then I guessed.
She thought me fifty—and fifty meant
age unspeakable, to her, for all her near-
ness to its sinister boundary-line. I was
dear old Jimmy, in my dotage ; a man
who might need a nurse, a daughter,
but no wife! I looked ahead, measur-
ing the cost. Fifty? When you come to
it, my cocksure friend, you will discover
for yourself that your illusion of youth
is stronger than at thirty. Now you are
young without thought or endeavor; at
fifty you will be young because you will
cling passionately to the conviction that
you are young. I knew what I should
pay for taking Marcia at her word. I
think the martyrdom began in that still
moment on the ancient Roman marble.

  I played my part convincingly, I think.
I was the calm, old lover to the very
life. I kissed her hands gently, and still
more gently kissed the cheek she turned
to my lips. I spoke softly, calmly, of
the autumn days of life, of Indian Sum-
mer suns. She seemed to understand,
for she leaned affectionately against me,
relaxing confidently in my arms, her cool
cheek pressed to mine. For just a mo-
ment, I lost my rigid grip on myself.
My arms tightened and my lips found
hers. A kind of phantom youth throbbed
in me—the madness of the spring does
not die when the leaves turn. Then I
was frightened, because she lay so still
and silent in my arms. I must not alarm
her with the spectral apparitions of that
youth she believed long dead and safely
sepulchered in the years. . . .

We told Cresson together. It wasn’t
42

Illusions

hard, for me, at least. I knew how
mercifully his release would come to
him, how every fibre of him would thrill
at this escape with honor from his prison.
From first to last, he behaved beauti-
fully, controlling the savage exultation
that strove to find utterance in his voice,
avoiding the pretense of resentment and
grief which a less sensitive man would
have employed as a mask under the cir-
cumstances. He was very calm about
it, very gentle, not too forgiving toward
me, and with no reproach for Marcia.

  “We can't help these things,” he said
philosophically. “I’ve always been afraid
that this would come. You two knew
each other so long before I came—you
have too much in common. You mustn't
be too sorry for me, Marcia. It—it stings,
of course, but the real loss of you came
long ago—I felt it, even while you tried
to hide it from me. Fm sensible enough
to know that these wounds heal very
nicely.”

  “Yours is healed now, Porter,” Mar-
cia spoke softly. “If I had not known
that this could not hurt you, I should
have played the game out. But it’s best
for both of us, and your common-sense
is telling you so at this very moment.
We are cutting the lines before they
have degenerated into shackles, before
either of us has learned to hate them.”

  “Yes,” Cresson laughed rather harsh-
ly. “Yes, that’s so, Marcia. We’re do-
ing that. And, as you say, it may be
best for both of us.”

  He ignored me, except for monosyl-
labic answers to direct questions. But
when he left us, he shook hands, and I
fancied that I felt a faintly grateful pres-
sure in his grip. I got away soon after-
ward. I dared not trust myself too
long in my unsupported role of fatherly
guardian and friend.

  We managed the details as decently
as such things can be managed in a
country which demands that its laws be
cheated. Marcia went West and when
her residence had been established, sued

  for divorce on the usual fictitious ground
of incompatibility. Naturally, Cresson
did not defend the action. He had gone
abroad almost at once. This was not
surprising; Edith Strang had fled within
a week after that night at Loring’s. I
stayed at home and answered Marcia’s
letters. She wrote, wonderfully well. I
have never found another woman who
so fully possessed the fine art of the let-
ter. And she innocently twisted the knife
in me by writing as if she cared; I could
see her, carefully choosing her words
like the artist she was, deliberately play-
ing her chosen role at long distance. It
was not easy to answer in the )proper
key; I labored over every line I wrote
her, during those eight months.

  She wired me when the decree was
issued. It was a curious message, that
breathless string of unpunctuated words.
I guessed that she meant it as an invita-
tion, bvut to me it read like a command.
I loathe traveling, especially the exag-
gerated, Brobdingnagian business of
travel as we know it in America—-rail-
way journeys that are as long, by clock
and calendar, as transatlantic voyages,
and infinitely longer, so far as the way-
farer’s endurance is concerned. But I
bought my passage and went, obediently,
submissively. I had had time to think.
I knew quite well that I v/as being
utilized as a sort of living ointment for
Porter Cresson’s self-esteem. He was
tired of his wife; his wife knew it, and
wished to give him his freedom; she
knew that he would not accept it as a
gift, however freely offered. His, pride,
his sensitive conception of noblesse
oblige*,, demanded that he stand by his
bargain to the end. But to grant her
request, to stand back and give her up,
magnificently, to the man she preferred,
to make her happy and lift his old com-
rade, meaning me, to the plane of semi-
divinity—here was a heroic part at which
his boy’s instinct for the limelight
snatched greedily. He was Sidney Car-
ton, doing his “far, far better thing” with-
Roger Hartman

43

out the inconvenient sequel of going to
a “far, far better rest.” He could have
all the sensations *of self -immolation, and
then, rubbing off the grease-paint and
hanging the powdered wig on its block,
could put a gardenia in his button-hole,
tilt back his topper, and drive, in a beau-
tiful limousine, to what welcome waited
him ches Madesmoiselle Strang! All of
which Marcia saw quite as clearly as I
did. To secure it for her darling, she
was perfectly willing to butcher a dozen
sober-sided old adorers like me, and her-
self into the bargain. Still, I went. One
good point about being fifty is that one
learns to do with half-loaves rather
nicely.

  We were married—a bleak, civil cere-
mony in an ugly law-office—a week after
the decree had been signed. Marcia wore
traveling things and looked quite pleas-
ant about it. She sent a cable to Cresson
from the railway station.

  “I want him to know it's final—a
closed chapter,” she explained. She
would have had me help her with the
composition of that cable, but I managed
to avoid it. I was having a touch of
gout, you see. Gout seemed to be the
most suitable ailment—aristocratic, mod-
erately painful—and beautifully sugges-
tive of aging decrepitude. Besides, one
can travel with it—in a compartment. I
had read up on the symptoms and I flat-
tered myself that I was convincing in
the part. At least, Marcia hovered over
me with a charming solicitude all the way
east. Women, I think, enjoy little ill-
nesses in others.

  It was rather hard to remember that
she was my wife. I kept thinking of
her as Porter Cresson’s wife, thanking
her as one thanks a friendly outsider for
little services. It wasn’t pleasant to look
ahead and see myself feigning old age
until I no longer needed to pretend—I
believe I ventured to construct air-castles
in which Marcia would presently dis-
cover that she always had cared for me,
air-castles in which I was permitted to

resume my proper self, to be as young
and eager and foolish as I felt. But I
knew that they were only dreams. Srch
things don’t happen.

  There was a cable for Marcia at New
York. I knew it would be from Cresson,
and I knew, too, what was in it. She
showed it to me as we drove to the pier
—my poor foot lifted carefully to the op-
posite seat of the cab.

  Congratulations to you both. Edith
and I married yesterday.

Porter.

  I managed to appear surprised. Mar-
cia evidently expected it of me. She
folded the flimsy sheet small and tore it
meditatively, letting the fragments flut-
ter through the window. I tried not to
look at her, but her silence drew my eyes
against my will. I could see her profile,
touched with a distant sadness that hurt
me horribly. But there was nothing I
could do. I complained fretfully about
an entirely mythical twinge in my foot.
She leaned forward and adjusted the
cushion skilfully. It took two porters to
assist me up the gangplank and along the
deck. I saw that it was best to risk
overplaying my part. Marcia needed
something to distract her. Nursing is a
sovereign anodyne for feminine heart-
aches. I saw her lips twitch a little as I
collapsed into the chair where my porters
deposited me. I had a sudden, horrible
fear that she was going to let go. If she
cried—if Marcia cried—I knew that I
shouldn’t be able to keep my little secrets
under that test.

  The door closed; I heard the clink
of silver as Marcia tipped the men. For
safety’s sake, I had shut my eyes and was
leaning back, behaving as much like the
interesting invalid as I could. There was
an interlude of silence. Then, so sud-
denly that I gasped and stared, Marcia
pulled away my foot-rest and let my
falsely petted foot drop with a thud on
the carpet. It was so unexpected that I
44

After Renunciation

forgot to yelp until it was too late. She
stood watching me, her lips straight and
tight, but her eyes starrier than I had
ever seen them.

  “You old fraud—how long were you
going to keep it up? Forever?’*

  She was sitting on the arm of the chair
now, and her hands had seized liberal
locks of my hair, playfully menacing.
She tugged spitefully, till I seized her
wrists in self-defense. . . . Marcia’s
wrists—my wife’s.

  “ ‘It is a far, far better thing that I
do/ ” she quoted, in Marcia’s own voice,
the old, laughing, understanding voice I
loved. “If you could have seen yourself,
Jimmy—strutting to the guillotine like a
matinee idol! Did you really think I
was doing it for him? Didn’t you ever
guess that it was all the other way?
Why, when I saw him kiss that Strang
child, that night at Loring’s, I nearly

cheered. I knew that he would have to
wake without my waking him; he honest-
ly believed he cared as much for me as
ever—until that night. Jim, Jim, I’ve
tried so hard to play the game! I’d
taken his youth, you see, lived on his
ideals, his boyishness, his illusions—and
grown tired of them. I couldn’t drop
him, like a squeezed orange, could I? I
had to be sure, first—” She sighed,
wearily. “Oh, how tired I got, Jim!
you’ll never know what a job it is to stay
young, when you want to be comfortably
middle-aged—and that wasn’t the worst
of it. I—I discovered you, Jimmy—af-
ter all those silly, wasted years, I
knew, . . .”

  Every story ends somewhere. I sup-
pose mine ends here. But it’s my con-
viction, in spite of everything, that I’m
still at the beginning. The calendar says
—it doesn’t matter what it says—it lies!

AFTER RENUNCIATION

By Anna Spencer Twitchell

J HAVE not let him know my love,

Nor put its rapture in a song,

          But with stern guard on lips and eyes,

          I have been strong.

          I have shut out his prayers and turned,

          Blindly, from his dear arms and kiss—

         Oh, I have found, someway, somehow,
         Courage for this.

Oh, road whereon he lonely walks,

Oh, sailing moon, a silver rim,

          Oh, winds and clouds and stars, to-night
          Be kind to him.
Envy—a New Poison

                 By Cleveland Moffett

FOR centuries preachers have warned
us against “envy, hatred, malice
and all uncharitableness”; but
now the scientists begin.

  Envy is literally a poison, they say,
just as anger, hatred, and fear are liter-
ally poisons. When we yield to these
passions, we change the chemistry of our
bodies, and produce in our vital organs
evil secretions that can be detected by
laboratory methods and that cause stom-
ach troubles, kidney troubles, and other
serious ills. A man may become a vic-
tim of diabetes, for example, through
jealousy or through anger.

  In view of this discovery, let us take
a fresh glance at our ancient enemy—
envy. What does the Great Teacher say?

  “A prophet is not without honor, save
in his own country.”

  Why is that?

  It is because people who knew the
prophet, when he was not a prophet, are
envious; they will not stand for his ac-
cession to greatness. They remember
him as little Jimmy Blank with freckles
and a pug nose, who used to run away
from school and go swimming. He a
prophet? Never!

  How prone we are to doubt the abil-
ities and distrust the motives of those
who have emerged from an obscurity
that they once shared with us!

  We do not mind how many great and
brilliant things happen to strangers—-
they may inherit millions, or strike oil
in their back yards, or become governors
of States, without its troubling us; but
let one of these things happen to an ac-
quaintance and we immediately resent it.

  We read that a multi-millionaire has
died and left a long list of bequests to
people of whom we never heard—half
a million to this one, a hundred thousand
to that one, fifty thousand to another;
and we take it calmly. But if we read
that he has bequeathed ten thousand dol-
lars to some hard-working secretary
whom we know, we regard it as a per-
sonal insult.

  What? That poor stiff? Ten thou-
sand dollars ? The idea!

  Let some newspaper man make a hit
with a play that represents years of
brave striving, of self-denial, or repeated
disappointment, and what happens? Do
other newspaper men crowd around him
with congratulations ? Not so that you
would notice it. The congratulations
come mostly from strangers.

  We go to a distant city and hear high
praise for a man we have known for
years. What? That fellow a great
artist? A distinguished scientist? An-
international authority on this or that?
Absurd! And we recall something to
his discredit.

 Alas, how envious we are! How
envious women are! Listen to their
talk! And this envy reacts against our-
selves.

  A real test of character comes when
we meet'a friend—at dinner or on the
street—who has had good fortune, pro-
fessional success, a public distinction.
Then what? It is so easy to be indif-
ferent, to pass the thing over as of slight
importance, or to speak some flippant,
wounding word.

  Good God! Is not life a hard enough

45
46

The Time for Dreams

pilgrimage without our wantonly adding
to the blows and hurts that each one of
us must bear?

  Let us resolve to honor the prophets,
including the minor prophets who may
be near us, not only for their sake, but
for our own.

  Remember that the beautiful flowers
in our hearts can never flourish or come
to full bloom unless we root out the poi-
son weeds of envy.

  Don’t wait until your friend is dead

before you give him the credit that is
his due. Acknowledge his fine achieve-
ments, his industry, his high purpose.
Do it now. Praise him, if he deserves
praise. Speak generously of him to
others. Rejoice with him when fortune
smiles, when triumphs come. Be sin-
cere about it, be happy about it, and by
so doing, you will win smiles of fortune
for yourself.

  And you will gain in health!

  That is the law.

THE TIME FOR DREAMS

By L. M. Thornton

T 1ST, little maid, with the eager feet
And the tender eyes of blue,

Laugh while the world seems glad and sweet
Sing while you think it true.

          Gather roses and lilies fair,

Dance with the dancing streams,

Keep your heart while you can from care,
Youth is the time for dreams.

         List, little maid, with the waving hands
         And the plaited, golden hair,

        One in the wide world understands
        All that you do and dare.

         One is glad for your eager heart
         And your smile that ever gleams,

         Yours is of life the golden part,

Youth is the time for dreams.

List, little maid, with the faith sublime,
And the trust that angels know,

         Griefs may lie in the lap of Time
         And your bounding step grow slow.
         But one who wearies of stress and strife
         And of joy not all it seems,

Is glad, from the depths of his jaded life,
That youth is the time for dreams.
“Three Old Men”

             {Souvenir de Guerre)

          By Robert W. Sneddon

NOTHER!” said Monsieur Gra-
vault the apothecary, as the
bursting of a shell broke in upon
the game of chess.

  “Bigre! That sounded nearer!”
Monsieur Chautard’s voice was even
thinner than usual, and the hand that
hovered over the board trembled.

  “Come, come, my friend,” Gravault
counseled him with a sly twinkle in his
eyes, “attention! This is all the battle
we are fit for—a couple of old crocks
laid on the shelf.”

  Chautard sighed and lighted his ciga-
rette. The process seemed to trouble
him, for he hesitated before blowing out
the match.

  “A comfortable shelf you have, any-
way,” he said, looking about the room
with its heavy hangings, its tall clock,
polished floor, and solid, stiff furniture.

  “It will last its' time,” assented Gra-
vault. “After I am gone, my brother,
the antique dealer in Paris, will be glad
enough to have it. Meanwhile, it is your
move. You are slow to-day.”

  Chautard shifted in his cushioned
chair. He turned his eyes nervously to
the Venetian blinds through which fil^
tered the afternoon sunshine.

  “To the devil with the Boche!” he
said querulously. “Twenty miles away,
and dropping shells on us. Is that war,
I ask you? Bah!”

  “Ah, let the war alone, Chautard.
Think of your game.”

  “Pardon, Gravault.”

  Chautard put out his hand and drew

4—L. S.

it back with a jerk as the blinds rattled
and the chess men danced on the board.

  “Sacre nom!” he cried, steadying his
elbow on the chair. “Did you hear that
one? I swear it struck the church.”
Gravault carefully replaced a bishop
dislodged from his square.

  “See. Monsieur the cure is safe
enough. You are as nervous as a cat.
Look at me. Do I tremble or shake?
Am I afraid of death?”

  “You are an apothecary,” said Chau-
tard curtly. “Death means nothing to
you.”

  “Ah, I forgot you only come in after
death to read the will. Well, it is not
my will you will read, my friend.”
“Enough, Gravault!”

  Chautard rose to his feet.

  “I have the honor to wish you good-
day,” he added in a furious tone.

  “Oh, sit down, neighbor! I meant no
offence. Sit down. I’ll fetch a bottle
from the cellar.”

  “Much obliged, but I have no wish to
be poisoned.”

  “Poisoned? What has got into your
head? Ah, I see—it is shell shock.”
The two old men glared at each other;
Gravault pulling his white beard nerv-
ously; the notary screwing up his clean
shaven, wizened brown face and drawing
in his lips over his nearly toothless
gums.

  There was an imperative knocking at
the door and before Gravault could call
out, it was pushed open abruptly and a
sergeant stepped across the threshold. He

47
1

“Three Old Men”

 48

halted in amazement, looking from one
old man to the other:

  “What is the matter here? Weren’t
you told to get out by noon?”

  They stood silent.

  “Hurry!” the sergeant shouted impa-
tiently. “What is the matter with you?
Are you deaf ? Get out of here at once.
The Boches have the range and you may
be blown to bits any minute. You must
leave as you are. Not a second to lose.
Here, is this your hat? Put it on, old
fellow. Now let me see how fast you
can run,” and with a not unsympathetic
push he shoved the two old men out
through the door into the street.

  “Where are we to go to?” a,sked the
notary weakly.

 “Eh? Don’t bother me. Go back—
anywhere back of here—to Paris—but
move along.”

  A stream of motor lorries laden with
infantry rumbled past them as they stood
at one side of the street, looking up and
down helplessly. Already the buildings
began to show their gaping wounds.
Smoke was rising from the church. A
dog slunk by, limping.

  “Time we got along, neighbor,” said
Gravault.

  Chautard still stared at the little white
house with its green blinds next to the
town hall. For a moment, it seemed as
if he were impressing the picture of his
home upon his mind, then with a feeble
gesture of resignation, he nodded his
head and without a word walked towards
the granary which marked the farthest
boundary of the village. Gravault fol-
lowed him slowly.

  Suddenly Chautard turned and put out
his hand, and Gravault, grasping it firm-
ly, knew that he had found again his old
friend.

  “That is better!” he cried, regaining
his cheerfulness. “There is no one else
with whom I should rather start upon a
journey.”

  “Nor I. Beginning life again, eh, mon
vieuxf”

  “And without a sou.”

  Chautard beamed with almost childish
delight.

  “No, my friend,” he announced, “no,
you are wrong as to that. Trust your
legal adviser. I took care to put some
money in my pocketbook. Not much,
perhaps, but at least we shall not starve.”
“You rogue!” cried Gravault in great
good humor. “Then perhaps we can
travel by train.”

  “To where?-’

  “To Paris. I have not seen my brother
for years. An old bachelor. Oh, quite
an important personage in his way. An
ex-detective and with political influence.
We shall be well looked after.”

  “Just as well we have no dependents,”
said Chautard as they walked on.

  “Nothing to worry about but our-
selves, <eh? That may be called selfish,
but in a time like this—well !”

  “True. Pity those poor devils with
two or three squalling brats.”

  “A good thing the women went yester-
day in the carts.”

  They came opposite a little farmhouse.
A ragged rent showed in the sloping
roof, and the walls were bulging as
though a giant hand had pressed upon
them from above.

  “Poor Madame Florin!” said Gravault
as they paused to look at the ruin. “It
is a good thing she did not wait to see
this. It would have broken her heart:
her man at the front, and she toiling in
the fields for two, Dieu! What was
that?”

  A faint wailing came to their ears.

  “A catJ” said Chautard.

“Listen ! That is no cat. It is a child.”
“Impossible!” cried Chautard impa-
tiently. “Surely Marie Florin did not go
yesterday without her child. A devoted
mother, if ever there was one.”

  “What if she did not go?” suggested
Gravault.

  “Nonsense! All the women went.
Come along. It will be dark before
long.”
Robert W. Sneddon

49

  Gravault hesitated.

  “Very well.”

  They walked on. All at once Gra-
vault stopped.

  “Tell me, Chautard, what if I go back
and have a look. It is just possible it
may be little Victor.”

  “You are crazy!”

  “Crazy or not, comrade, I shall go and
see. Wait here. It will not take a min-
ute.”

  Chautard shrugged his shoulders.
“You are obstinate as a mule. Go,
then, on your fool's errand, but don’t
blame me if you find nothing but a cat.”
Gravault hastened across the field. He
could hear nothing more, but as he came
up to the ruin, the wail was repeated.
He peered in through the window, then
cautiously climbed in. A moment later,
he came out carrying a bundle in his
arms and hastened to rejoin Chautard,
who *had seated himself on a pile of
stones.

  “Well?” asked Chautard.

  “Look!”

  Gravault’s voice was trembling, and
Chautard turned his head sharply.

  “Oh, mon dieu!” he cried. “So you
were right. But I could have sworn
Marie Florin would not have deserted
her child.”

  “It is strange,” Gravault replied
gravely. “There is no trace of her any-
where. What can have happened?”
“The child was lying there?”

  “Beside a bundle of clothes. It is
plain she left him.”

“These women! What folly !” grum-
bled Chautard. “Too bad. But what
are you going to do with the youngster ?”
Gravault was surprised at the ques-
tion.

  “Eh? We must take him with us,” he
answered very simply.

  Chautard sat down again on the pile
of stones and threw up his hands.

  “What has come over you, Gravault?
We have enough to do to look after our-
setves—two old men!”

  “I am not so old,” Gravault hastened
to assure him. “The child is no weight
to carry. Feel him.” He held the baby
out.

  “Bah!” ejaculated Chautard regarding
the child curiously. “It is a little animal.
My advice to you is—” He paused, then
added hastily; “is to leave him by the
roadside. Someone else will be sure to
pick him up.”

  “Who?” demanded Gravault derisive-
ly. “A general, eh ? An American Gen-
eral?” He still held out the child to
Chautard.

  The notary, putting out his hands to
ward off the extended burden, suddenly
felt his thumb grasped in the convulsive
grip of sturdy little fingers. In vain, he
tried to free himself.

  “Pester he spluttered at last. “Who
would have imagined such strength? It
is a little man. After all, it would be a
pity to leave him. Only do not expect
me to handle him.”

  “A regular little soldier,” chuckled
Gravault proudly. “Enough, little one;
that will do for your wrestling. Keep
away from lawyers if you would be
happy. If you must pull at something,
here is my beard. Now, march!”

  The procession limped on its way. The
miles grew longer. Gravault’s feet be-
came uncertain and he lurched at the
knees.

  “Here,” cried Chautard roughly, “give
me the brat. Not a word. You were
a fool to take him, but the mischief is
done.”

  A kindly motor driver going their way
picked them up and dropped them at a
railroad station. In the canteen presided
over by two girls, they were fed on sand-
wiches and coffee.

  “Have you a bottle for the little one ?”
asked one of the girls, bending over the
counter. “We can give him one and
some milk. A boy, isn’t it? How often
do you feed him?”

  Chautard, who was still holding the
child awkwardly in his arms, looked
50

“Three Old Men”

helplessly at her smiling face, then
nudged Gravault, who was nodding to
sleep with fatigue on the bench beside
him.

  “Heh, grandfather!” he cried, and
gave his companion a sly look of warn-
ing. “Madame asks how often you feed
the child?”

  Gravault straightened to attention.
“Eh? What is that? Child? Ah,
yes!” he sought in his memory for the
lore he dispensed in his store to inex-
perienced mothers. “Every three hours,
Madame, but it is long since he has had
anything to eat.”

  “Poor little mite. Your grandson,
m’sieu ?”

  For a moment, Gravault hesitated.
Here was his opportunity to get rid of
the burden which he had taken upon him-
self. He had but to say no, and he knew
he could leave little Victor in hands
which would treat him tenderly. He had
done his part. He looked over at the
upturned face with its black, round eyes
watching him with a comprehending cu-
riosity, and he felt suddenly ashamed.

  “Yes, yes—my grandson,” he mumbled
hastily. “A fine boy, eh?”

  Chautard emitted a low grunt of im-
patience, but something in the defiant
poise of his old friend’s head held him
silent.

  “Well, here is the bottle, and good
luck. You are taking him to his
mother?” said the girl.

  “Alas, no, Madame. We do not know
where she is. Perhaps she is dead.”
“What a pity, m’sieu. You are going
to Paris ? Do you know where to go for
aid? You might try the Seminary of
Saint Sulpice.”

 “We are provided for, Madame.
Many thanks all the same,” said Chau-
tard stiffly.

  “Pardon. I meant a kindness only.
But for the baby. Let me give you this
card. Ask for Madame Brochard, the
matron, if you need a woman’s help.
And now—I think I hear your train.

Good-by, messieurs. Good-by, baby.
You will find milk at other canteens. No,
thanks. A pleasure to do a work of
mercy. We must all help.”

  In the compartment of the stuffy car-
riage were two soldiers on leave who
were smoking like furnaces. As Gra-
vault climbed in with his burden, pro-
pelled from behind by Chautard, they
took their pipes from - their mouths and
gaped.

  “Dame!” cried one in a rough voice.
“Do you not see, m’sieu, that this is a
smoking compartment ?”

  “Eh ? Whew!” "panted Gravault,
plumping down on the wooden seat.
“Any objection to our company?”

  “None, messieurs!” said the other po-
litely. “Only”—he pointed with the stem
of his pipe—“for a baby, the atmosphere
is pretty thick.”

  “That’s right!” muttered Gravault
aghast. “Where are your brains, Chau-
tard, steering me here?”

  “You will remember that I warned
you the child would be in our way,” an-
swered Chautard in a surly tone as he
drew out a cigarette.

  “Perhaps we had better change,” sug-
gested the apothecary.

  “Too late, m’sieu, we are moving. And
time too. One might think they had
called out all the young and^active loco-
motives and left nothing but the old
wrecks to pull the trains.

  “True for you, comrade, but we are
going now,” chuckled his companion.
“What about our smoke?”

  “Why not stick your head out of the
window, eh?”

  “I am sorry, messieurs,” apologized
Gravault, “I did not think when I climbed
in. I will remove myself at the next
station.”

  “Nonsense, old man,” said the first
soldier. “Lights out, Pierre.”

  They knocked the ashes out of their
pipes and sat back with folded arms.

  Chautard puffed at his cigarette, his
eyes upon the low ceiling.
Robert W. Sneddon

51

  The baby sucking at the bottle coughed
and a dribble of milk ran down his chin.
Gravault wiped it off and looked piteous-
ly at his old friend.

  “Perhaps it will be better, Chautard,
if you put out your cigarette,” he sug-
gested timorously.

  Chautard drew down his eyes from the
roof and flashed an angry look at him.

  “jDieu!” he snarled bitterly, “I have
lost everything. Would you deprive me
of my only consolation?”

  The soldier in the corner stirred un-
easily.

  “See here, you,” he said in a peremp-
tory tone, “the order was ‘lights out/
Are you going to obey, or must I make
you, old man ?”

  He thrust his heavily mustached face
toward the notary.

  “If you must smoke, put your head out
of the window.”

  “And catch cold. Very likely! Do
you know who I am, young man?”

  “I don’t care,” answered the soldier
simply, “but I know what you are. You
are the prince of selfish old rascals.”
Chautard glared at him a moment,
then with a gesture of fury tore the
cigarette in two and flung it out of the
window.

  “Ah, that is better,” said the soldier
with a grin. “Now we can be friends all
round, eh? Pardon my words, m’sieu,
but I have a baby at home, and I know
when to smoke and when to do without
it.” Then he added seriously: “We
must take care of the babies, we others.
They are the hope of France, eh? You
look tired, old boy. Perhaps if I took
the baby for a little, you might sleep.”
He stretched out his strong arms and
took little Victor. Gravault sighed with
relief. The monotonous jolting of the
tram was making him nod. He could
see that Chautard, his head bent on his
breast, had dropped off to sleep.

  “A moment’s rest, then, mon brave,
if you will be so kind,” he said drowsily
and closed his eyes.

  When he opened them again, it was
broad daylight. The train was still crawl-
ing along. The poilu had Victor on his
knee sitting upright.

  “Bon Dieu!” Gravault cried in con-
sternation as he came to his senses. “I
have been asleep, and the little one had to
be fed.”

  “Don’t worry. My comrade ran out
at a stop and got the bottle filled,” said
the temporary nurse. “He swallowed it
down like a little sucking pig. It is a
brave little fellow, and not a whimper
out of him. And look, m’sieu, how he is
laughing now. You will laugh yourself.
Another performance, bag of tricks.”

  With a grin, the other soldier tied a
knot in his handkerchief and put his fore-
finger in it; then draping the cloth about
his hand, there was a little puppet with a
pointed cap, whose arms (the thumb and
second finger) gesticulated violently, now
folding across his breast, now calling
upon heaven for vengeance on the Boche,
now extended as if in benediction.

  “The little preacher, m’sieu,” the con-
triver confessed shyly.

  “It is amazing,” said Gravault. “I
must remember this. Let me see. Ah!
It is very simple, after all.”

  He glanced over at Chautard, who ap-
parently was still asleep. Through the
window he could see the gaily painted
villas growing closer and closer to each
other, the thickening of traffic on the
roads.

  “Is it Paris already then?” he asked.

  The nurse sprang to his feet, and
thrust his head out of the window.

  “Paris? Yes. Now we’re happy, eh,
boy? Look out, youngster. What an
experience for vou. Paris! You’re still
there, old Eiffel!”-

  “I went up the tower -in the year of the
Exposition,” said a dry voice. “The view
was superb. And what mushrooms for
lunch!”

  “Ah, you are awake, old boy,” cried
the soldier heartily. “Now you will get
your smoke. No offense, I hope, m’sieu.”
52

“Three Old Men”

  Chautard screwed up his face, then
mumbled:

  “None. I was tired last night. Par-
don !” he turned to Gravault to ask with
a sort of timidity; “And the little one,
old friend?”

  “A regular traveler, m’sieu,” cried the
nurse.

  The baby crowed confidingly.

  “Hear that! He knows what Paris is,
eh? Well, we must get our belongings
together. There, mon petit, you can go
back to grandpa.”

  Gravault formulated a denial of re-
lationship again, but it did not come, and
reaching out his arms, he took Victor.

  “Thanks, mon gars,” he said cordially.
“When I go back home, if—if—” he
faltered.

  “No if’s. It is an understood thing.
Go back. We shall put you back, we
boys. Certainly.”

  “Then you must come and see me.
And we shall open a bottle together, and
smoke a pipe, eh? Here is my card.”
“Surely. With pleasure.”

  The train drew to a halt with a suc-
cession of back-breaking jolts.

  “Gare du Nord at last. I swear these
engine drivers drove cabs before the war.
What a jolting Come along, comrade.
An revoir, messieurs! Au revoir, Vic-
tor.”

  They shook hands all round, kissed
Victor, and swinging down from the car-
riage, threw out their chests, and stag-
gered down the platform.

  The two old men climbed down and
stood dumbly for a moment, bewildered
by the confusion. Then Chautard took
the lead. _

  “Come with me. I know my way.
When I was here in the year of the Ex-
position, I took a cab. We must find a
cab and then a hotel.”

“No hotels,” said Gravault decisively.
“They cost money. We will go and see
my brother in the rue des Sts. Pbres”
“As you please,” answered Chautard
stiffly. “Perhaps after all you are right.

With a child, it would be difficult to get
into a hotel. I told you, but you would
not listen. Now we must both suffer
for your obstinacy. However, I shall
say no more. Only, when we come to
the gates and the examination of pas-
sengers, let me do the talking. They
may suspect us of kidnapping, or worse,
and a fine pair of country fools we should
look then. Come along.”

  “There!” said Chautard with a com-
placent air as they came safely out of the
station. “What did I tell you? We did
that very neatly, I flatter myself.”
“Thanks to your lawyer’s tongue. But
what did you say when you bent over
and whispered to the officer?”

  “Eh?” Chautard was confused, “eh?
In a case of this sort, Gravault, it is well
to mak£ sure. So—”

  “So?” Gravault’s tone was full of
suspicion.

  “So,” Chautard confessed, “so I said
I was his grandfather, too.”

  “Look here, Chautard,” grumbled
Gravault, “two grandfathers? Are you
crazy ?”

  “Two grandfathers. The maternal
and the paternal. There is nothing un-
natural in that. Do I want to grand-
father the brat? No! It was solely for
your sake. But hurry, let us get to your
brother and get settled. I am anxious
to see some of the sights I saw in the
year of the—”

  “Yes, yes—the Exposition. Hi, cabby.
Sapristi! It is a woman!”

  “Yes, m’sieu. Jump in. Where to?
Rue des Sts. Pkres! Bon! Get up,
Cocotte!”

  The venerable horse ambled on its
way, the two old passengers gazing with
gaping eyes at the wonderful sights, the
uniforms, the cafes as gay as ever, the
hurrying crowds. Even more interested
was Victor, sitting erect on Gravault’s
knee, sucking his thumb.

  At the door of the antique store in
the narrow street, Monsieur Gravault
the younger, smoking his pipe serenely,
Robert W. Sneddon

with his dog, Musette, at his feet, was
amazed to see,the party which drew up.

  “Where in the devil did you come
from?” he cried as he ran to embrace
his brother. “Why did you not send me
word? This is Monsieur Chautard, isn’t
it? And. . . ?” His jaw fell and he
puckered up his lips. “Whew! Who
is this? You are married, you old ras-
cal, and a child at your age ! Eh bien,
I always said the Gravaults came of good
stock. But where is Madame?”

  “No, you are making a mistake,” pro-
tested the apothecary. “This is a little
refugee, Victor Florin, the son of one of
the villagers. His mother, poor woman,
could not be found.”

  “And his father?”

  The antique dealer peered with his
short sighted eyes as if expecting to see
another man descend from the vehicle.

  “At the front. We are looking after
the child. But can you put us up for a
little? We have no homes now, you
know.”

  Gravault the younger hesitated.

  “You are welcome,'both of you, that
goes without saying, but a child— Well,
I am an old bachelor, it will be difficult.
And besides, I do not know how Musette
will behave to a child. If she were to
bite him, that would be a pretty mess.”
He looked from one to the other as if
asking their sympathy in his dilemma,
then his attention was attracted to Victor,
who stared at him with unblinking black
eyes that seemed to search into the re-
cesses of the perturbed soul of the
bachelor.

  “Oh, well,” he continued hastily,
'“come inside. It is safer, and I have a
fine cellar in case of alarm. Does the
child walk? No! Good! I have some
valuable antiques I do not want broken.
This way. brother. Come, Monsieur
Chautard, make yourself at home. We
Parisians should be proud to do anything
for you who are exiles.”

The question which alone had come
between Monsieur Gravault, the younger,

and the extension of all the hospitality
and kindness which at heart he was de-
lighted to dispense, was settled by the
two parties concerned, for while the three
men were disposing of an omelette, war
bread, and a bottle of wine, Victor had
been set down on a rug on the floor.
Musette, after a cursory sniff at the in-
truder, had retired to a safe distance,
and head on paws watched him through
half closed eyelids. Suddenly Victor,
attracted by the fall of a crumb from
the table, began to crawl toward it. A
low growl came from Musette. She shot
to her feet and came forward, silent and
menacing. Victor reached out for the
crumb and at that moment Musette snap-
ped her jaws together with just enough
of threat to have stayed an older person.
But the imperturbable crawler sat up,
and with a pudgy fist, struck the dog on
the nose, and added further insult by
catching him by a long ear and pulling
hard. Musette’s back stiffened; then,
crouching, she stretched out. her neck,
her long tongue shot forth; she moaned
faintly and submissively.

  “There !” cried the apothecary. “What
do you say to that, my brother ? Look!
This ferocious hound of yours is licking
the little one’s face.”

  “Then it is settled,” sighed the antique
dealer with relief. “After all, I have
always maintained Musette was a dog of
sense. You can stay here as long as you
please, and I shall be glad to have you.
It is lonely here now since my old friend
Bidoche became a landed proprietor and
moved to the country. We can have a
game of cards in the* evenings in the cel-
lar, and as for the little one, there is a
poor woman who has just lost her baby,
and she will be glad to come in and look
after—what is his name ?—ah, Victor. A
good name. It is near to Victory, and we
shall have that next year, thanks to our
brave lads and the Allies.”

 So the bargain was made. Weeks
went by peacefully in spite of the ever-
present menace of war.
54

“Three Old Men”

  “By the by/’ said Chautard one night
after the game of cards, “I have been
thinking. I have no one in the world to
follow me, and I can not take my money
along with me. Suppose I set aside a
sum for Victor, eh?”

  “You are a good fellow, Chautard,”
cried Gravault heartily. “I have always
said so. Have I not, brother?”

  “Nonsense!” cried the notary, but his
thin face flushed with pleasure. “I shall
make him my heir. As well him as an-
other. Only, do not ask me to look after
the little animal, that is all. And now I
shall go to bed, if you will allow me.
Good night, my friends.”

  After he was gone, the two brothers
sat smoking in silence. When Gravault
the elder rose to go to bed, his brother
spoke as if the idea had just come to
him.

  “Say, all the same, it is very curious,”
he said reflectively. “Little animal or
not, it is Victor this and Victor that, all
the time. One would think the old boy
really was his grandfather. Madame
Destries tells me she comes upon him
daily, amusing the youngster with some
sort of a game with a handkerchief.
What can that be?”

  Gravault the elder scratched his ear.
“A handkerchief? Let me see now.
Why, that must be the little preacher. A
good poilu showed me— I thought
Chautard was asleep, the rascal. I had
forgotten about it. Say what you like,
there is a heart within that dried hide
of his. Only, have you noticed, these
last two days he is not himself? He has
almost the look of a man with a secret.
He starts at a word. He watches the
door. What can be the matter?”
“Poof,” said the antique dealer as he
took up his candle, “he is old, and the
cough of big Bertha is bad for the
nerves. Nothing more. Pleasant dreams,
brother, and no Boche planes.”

  The next night, Chautard laid down
his cards on the table in the middle of
the game.

  “It is no use. I cannot sleep. What
have I done? Poor Victor! I am a
monster.”

  His partners protested:

  “Come, come, you are talking non-
sense.”

  “Who could be kinder to Victor ?”

  But Chautard continued in a dull tone:
“Yes, I am to be condemned, and you
would condemn me most of all, my
friends. Listen! Three days ago, I was
crossing the Pont Neuf when a soldier
passed in front of me. There was noth-
ing extraordinary in that, but no sooner
was he past than he turned with a quick
look at me as if memory had returned to
him. I recognized him. It was Victor
Florin.”

  “The father of little Victor?” cried the
antique dealer. “Dame! That was a
meeting. But where is he? Why did
you not bring him home with you?”
Chautard bent his head. His lean
hands smoothed down the cloth on the
table till it seemed as if he would rub
the skin from his finger tips.

  “That is it. I did not. We spoke for
a little. He was on leave for a week.
He had just reached Paris that day. He
was in a daze. He could do nothing
but stare at me with fierce eyes, and
then”—he moistened his lips—“then,
when I was about to tell him of the little
one, something stopped me.”

  “And you let him go without a word ?”
asked the antique dealer in open-mouthed
surprise.

  “Yes,” answered Chautard simply. He
did not look up. “He gave me his ad-
dress, and we parted.”

  “But why—?” demanded Gravault the
younger, with increased bewilderment.

  “Permit me as your elder brother,”
the apothecary begged ceremoniously.
“There is something strange about this.
I don't understand. Why did you not
say to Florin: ‘My poor fellow, all is
not lost. Come with me and see your
son.’ Nothing more was necessary.
Dieu! The emotion of the meeting
Robert W. Sneddon

55

should not have robbed you of words,
you a notary, experienced in matters of
this kind.”

  But Chautard did not appear to hear.
He seemed to be listening for some ex-
pected sound.

  “Can it be possible,” suggested the
antique dealer in a modest whisper to
his brother, “that he is afraid Victor will
be taken from him?”

  Chautard looked up fiercely.

  “The child is ours. Mon dieu! Why
should we give him back to misery ?”
“Not to misery, my friend,” said the
apothecary gently, “not to misery, but to
his father.”

  “His father! You are talking senti-
ment now. In the trenches, what time
has his father to think of anything but
the filth, the rats, the noise, the hazard
of death, the assault? He has no time
for paternity. Tell me, what has a sol-
dier to do with a child?”

  “You are wrong, Chautard,” said the
apothecary in a voice which he could not
keep from trembling. “You are wrong.
Without the children, we should have
no soldiers. For what does a soldier
fight? For his country, an acre of land,
a house, a city? No! He fights for the
family, for the many families which
make up a nation. If he has no family
o.f his own, he fights for the family of
his neighbor, for the wife who has no
man; for the girl who has no brother,
for the child who has no father. He
fights that they, too, may live and breathe
the air of the good God in liberty, in
equality, in fellowship, that each may
have his or her rightful chance. He
fights with all his courage—for an ideal,
perhaps you will say. But a father—a
father fights with his love behind him.
He defends the doorway of his home; he
stands across the cradle. Listen, old
friend; we others who are, like you, with-
out children, we understand. Perhaps
we too might have done as you. But
now—where is that address? Let us
send Madame Destries to bring this

father here if she can—and then, we
can talk things over.”

  Without a word, Chautard fumbled in
his pocket and brought out the scrap of
paper on which he had noted down the
address. It was in the rue de Grenelle,
close by. Madame Destries was des-
patched with orders to say nothing be-
yond the invitation to come, and in si-
lence they waited. Once, Chautard tried
to speak, but Gravault laid his hand on
his shoulder, almost in a caress.

  “Wait,” he counseled. “Wait. When
the time comes, our hearts will speak the
right word.”

  Victor Florin came back with Madame
Destries, his honest face flushed with his
haste.

  “Ah, Monsieur Gravault, this is a
pleasure,” he cried. “Pleased to make
your acquaintance, m’sieu. Good eve-
ning, Monsieur Chautard. Lucky you
caught me. I was just about to go to
the hospital. What is it you want of
me? You have heard my news, eh?
You have heard something from the vil-
lage?”

  The excitement died from his eyes as
Gravault the elder shook his head.

  “We have heard nothing from the vil-
lage, but—but there is someone”—he
sought for words. uDame!” he contin-
ued roughly. “There is someone you
know.here to see you. Go with Madame
Destries.” And he thrust him out of the
room.

  Madame Destries came back almost at
once. She was between laughing and
crying.

  “Never have I seen anything like it.
No! Not even in the cinema. It was
beautiful, messieurs. What a man! At
first he could not believe—and the little
one sleeping like an angel—and then
when he picked him up, to his breast—I
thought of my little Henri, and I could
not say. . . .” She looked at them plead-
ingly. “He will not take little Victor
away* surely.”

  The door burst open. A new Florin
**56

Any Depot Platform in Dry State

entered joyously, little Victor nestling
securely in the crook of his left arm.

  “Ah, thank you, messieurs 1 Thank
you. I am gfateful. But what a sur-
prise. Permit me to shake your hands.
And so healthy. And my faith, I believe
he knows me. See how he holds to my
buttons! What can I ever do to repay
you, and Madame, who tells me she has
had care of him. If you knew what this
means ! I have a son again. Only”—his
face clouded—“my permission expires in
three days, and then poor little one, what
is to become of him, unless, perhaps, mes-
sieurs, the doctors at the hospital are
right. . . .”

  “The doctors?” asked Gravault Won-
deringly. “There is nothing wrong with
the child, surely? Did you not say he
was healthy ?”

  “But Marie, m’sieu. I am speaking
of Marie, my wife.”

  He studied their astonished faces
eagerly.

  “Is it possible? Have you not heard?
I have found Marie in a hospital, mes-
sieurs. A miracle, yes. It seems that
she went to fetch a basket from the barn,
and a splinter struck her. While she
was insensible, an ambulance picked her
up and brought her to Paris. They did
not know of little Victor until she began
to cry aloud, to plead for him. Mes-
sieurs, she is insane, they say. Byt to-
day the doctor said: ‘My lad, if you can
find your child, there is one hope that

the touch of him on her breast may bring
her back to her senses.’ And to-day I
have been in despair—where to look?
Where to seek news? But now, if you
will permit me—I shall take Victor with
me. Yes, a thousand thanks. And after
—but it is nine o’clock. I must hurry.
An revoir”

  The door closed upon his excited exit.
“Good night, messieurs,” said Madame
Destries dully. “If I may, I shall slip
round to the church.”

  There was a long pause after she left
them.

  “After all,” said Chautard in a low
voice, “that does not prevent me doing
what I said. To-morrow I shall go to
the hospital. Meanwhile, will you play
a game of chess with me, Gravault?”
“Willingly. That occupies the mind.”
“All very well, but what am I to do ?”
grumbled the antique dealer dolefully.

  “Oh, you—” said his brother as he
opened the board, “occupy yourself with
Musette.”

  “Bah f” Musette’s master grunted and
settled himself in a deep chair. His eyes
closed. When they opened again, he saw
a strange sight. The game of chess was
at an end. His brother, a newspaper in
front of him, was peering over the top of
it at Chautard. And Chautard, a hand-
kerchief draped over his hand, was re-
hearsing some new variations in the emo-
tional gestures of the little preacher, in
preparation for the next day’s visit.

ANY DEPOT PLATFORM IN DRY STATE

By F. R. Odle

    J)OWN on the depot platform, bathed in the bleak wintry breeze,

  Shy long ago of its contents, with nothing inside it to freeze;

    Shorn of its former glory, tapped of its last amber dreg;

    Bungless, beerless and friendless, stands an empty eight-gallon keg.
Alice-Sit-by-the-Radiator

                  By Edwin Justus Mayer

& "T SHALL get you a servant to-day,
" I if it—if she costs one hundred
dollars a month!” Jones told his
wife, his young wife, in the fiercest of
accents and with the most benevolent
of looks. Having delivered himself of
his intentions as a good husband should,
he kissed his wife on her lips, on her
young lips, and strode out of the house
with all the dignity it is possible for a
man to assume when he carries an um-
brella under his right arm and is in a
hurry to catch the eight-twenty-five.

  At five o’clock that evening, he tri-
umphantly returned with Alice, who had
asked only fifty dollars a month.

  Alice was small—petite is the word,
I think—and she had fine, exquisitely
curved lips—red lips, they were; and
she had other accomplishments, among
them, two blue eyes the exact color of the
lamp shade in the Jones’ parlor, and a
very blue lamp shade it was. Also, she
had fair skin and white hands, and as
you can see at once, she looked much
more like a maid in a Sardou play, like
the one that is dusting the furniture
when the curtain goes up, than like an
honest - to - inefficient - maid - presum-
ably-of-all-work, receiving the insidious
sum of fifty dollars a month for her
services. As Mrs. Bellers (Mrs. Bellers
was the mother of Mrs. Jones, not the
mother of Mr. Jones) said: “A few years
ago she would have been glad to come
for sixteen a month.” Very likely she
would have been.

  When Alice was alone at last in her
room on the top-floor, her first sensation
was one of chilliness. She was cold,

and curiously enough, she was lonely
although there was a whole houseful of
people below her. Nevertheless, she sat
disconsolately on the edge of her bed
and looked about her. The size of the
apartment did not permit any far gaz-
ing, any more than the earth permits
man to look far when, like Alice, he is
young and curious and hot and cold at
once. She felt like some one just born,
thrust onto a circumscribed earth from
remote and freer worlds. Her mental*
orbit, she felt, must henceforth swing
within these four bare walls and no
further. Every moment that she sat
on the edge of the bed, the walls grew
nearer to each other, or seemed to do so.

  This was all a great pity, for Alice
had once loved the fairies and believed in
them; and while she was wiser, now
that her childhood lay behind her, she
had always a haunting doubt telling
her that there really are fairies on earth,
or at least one fairy, a good fairy. But
what fairy, good, bad or indifferent ever
came up to the top floor?

  Alice was so cold by this time that
she slipped over to the radiator and sat
down on the floor and leaned against
the one warm, and therefore friendly,
thing in the room. After a while, she
ceased sobbing—at least, she ceased when
she fell asleep.

  “This morning,” said Mrs. Jones sotto
voce to Mr. Jones at dinner, “she ruined
the eggs. At lunch she burned the liver.
And look at the chicken!”

  Her worse half dutifully looked and
saw at once that harm had been done
to that bird. It did not look healthy;

57
58

Alice-Sit-by-the-Radiator

it did not possess the robust appearance
‘which it had when Mrs. Jones bought it.
Indeed, it was shriveled and mean-look-
ing, and wan and tough appearing all
at once. As far as the chicken was con-
cerned, nothing would ever be the same.

  “It can’t be eaten; it’s burned beyond
recognition,” Jones said in a dreadful
voice. And it was. No rooster would
ever claim it now as his own fair own.

  “What shall we do?” said Mrs. Jones.
“She’s such a nice girl, and so pretty .”

  “She must have learned to cook from
a cook-book,” Jones said, but added:
“She is a nice girl.”

  Everybody admitted Alice was a nice
girl. Even Mrs. Bellers (Mr. Jones
could never decide whether she thought
herself Edith’s mother or his mother)
.admitted Alice was a nice girl. And a
pretty girl. But above all, nice.

  “I am paying her fifty dollars a
month,” said Jones, speaking in a tone
of voice which left no doubt that he
was thinking in long words and not in
short numerals.

  “They are so hard to get,” said Mrs.
Jones.

  Her husband sighed. They are hard
to get.

  Now, Alice knew perfectly well—as
well as the Joneses, you, and myself—
that she had maltreated that chicken. So,
as soon as she placed it on the table
before the young couple, she fled upstairs
to her room and waited for the fateful
summons she was sure was coming. She
fled to the shelter and friendship of her
one good friend in the house—the ra-
diator, and sat down next to him (she
was sure it was a him) with palpitating
heart and quick breath. But no word
came from downstairs. Instead, after
a while, she heard a door slam. The
Joneses had gone to a nearby restaurant
for supper. Perhaps they had not called
Alice down because their hearts were
heavy within them. The chicken was not,
however, as Alice saw when she crept
downstairs and into the dining-room.

  “I’m hungry,” said Alice wistfully,
“but I can’t eat that.” Alice was not
altogether impractical.

  By and by, she went back to her ra- %
diator and considered her future.

  “I can’t sew,” she thought, “and I
can’t learn shorthand, and I can’t cook.”
She closed her eyes and smiled. “In
fact, I can’t do anything,” she said aloud; j
“I’m useless.” Which was ridiculous, as
anybody could see by looking at her.

  “I can’t go back home,” Alice con- t
tinued aloud. “If I keep on cooking I
shall inevitably commit manslaughter.”
(Mr. and Mrs. Jones heaved a sigh in
the restaurant and agreed with her.)

  “I shall have to get married,” said
Alice-sit-by-the-radiator.

  Opportunity rang the doorbell once
right there and then.

  “Is neither of them at home?” said
Opportunity, who turned out to be an
eligible looking young man in a great-
coat and small hat. Alice reaffirmed the
absence of her lord and lady, the Joneses
of Suburbia.

  “But they invited me to dinner,” said
Opportunity, pleasant but somewhat puz-
zled.

  “They must have forgotten,” said*
Alice. “You see, I burned the chicken.”

 “And do you always burn the
chicken?” asked the young man face-
tiously.

  “Always!” said Alice, and burst into
tears.

  It is a commonplace for Opportunity
to knock at the door, -but it is a rare
thing for Opportunity to eat a burnt
chicken. Yet that is precisely what Op-
portunity proceeded to do after Alice
suddenly let loose her emotions. In
vain for her to protest! —

  “I was invited here to supper,” he
said firmly, releasing her from his arms,
and here on the table is a chicken.
Burnt ? What of it ? Do you know that
one of our Revolutionary heroes lived on
burnt sweet potatoes? Well, he did.
Why, he would have considered burnt
\

Edwin Justus Mayer

59

chicken a delicacy! And very likely it
is.”

  Alice waited on him and laughed at
him and with him, and a very good time
was had by all, including the radiator,
which could be heard ticking, ticking,
ticking, from above, which is the way
radiators chuckle when they are happy.

  As usual, it was cold in the room and
Alice sat down on that clean warm spot
on the floor which was heated by the
nearness of her good gray friend. Now,
as has been said, everybody admitted
that Alice was a nice girl; and with her
lovely body sloping against the pleas-
antly warm radiator, she would dream
the sort of dreams nice girls dream,
which, of course, are nice dreams.
Things would take on a rosy color, Harsh
things would soften and undulate and
renew themselves with kindness, and
charmed images would rise in her eyes
in her silent communion with the fire-
light (as it was to her) of the radiator.
Sometimes Alice would break the silence
and speak to the fire-light, which was
what she was doing now.

  “I burst into tears,” she said remi-
niscently, “and he looked at me as if
he didn’t know whether to pet me or
leave me or make love to me. Evidently
he has all sorts of decent instincts. Any-
way, he started to leave me, then he
started to pet me, then he started to
kiss me.

  “I think I liked that best,” said Alice
very seriously. “He really is good-look-
ing, you know,” she told the radiator.

  “After a while I recovered myself and
he stopped kissing me.” Her face
clouded for a moment, and then lighted
up.

  “But he ate the burnt chicken!” she
said trimphantly.

  “She doesn’t look in the least like a
servant no wonder she can’t cook!” said
Mrs. Bellers, not taking the time to
puncture her sentence. “I’m sure,” she
added firmly, “there’s a mystery about
her.” Mrs. Bellers was eternally sus-

picious of the true status of other people.

  “There’s nothing mysterious about her
 cooking,” said Mr. Jones. “It’s rotten.”
 That’s just what he said.

  ^Maybe she’s an heiress run away from
 home,” said Mrs. Bellers hopefully.

“Maybe she cooked a meal and they
drove her out,” said Mr. Jones darkly.

  “She’s a nice girl,” said Teddy Camp-
 bell, nephew to Mrs. Bellers, cousin to
 Mrs. Jones,. Opportunity to Alice. He
 had come in with his aunt.

  “What do you know about her?” de-
manded Mrs. Bellers suspiciously.

  “I ate supper with her the other night,”
 Teddy told her. “My fair cousin here
 invited me to dinner and when I ar-
 rived she was out with her husband.
 There was a chicken on the table and
 I ate it.”

  “You ate that burnt chicken?” asked
 Jones.

  “It wasn’t burnt, it was just browned
 a little too much,” said Teddy with a
 far-away look. “Browned,” he added
 abstractedly.

  “Burnt!” said Mr. Jones fiercely.
“Burnt, sir!”

  Alice heard the door slam once again
 and crept downstairs. She walked into
 the parlor and came -face to face with
 Opportunity.

  “I thought you went out with them!”
 she said.

“I don’t like the movies,” said Teddy.

  “Neither do I!” said Alice-sit-by-the-
 radiator.

  “Who are you, anyway?” said Oppor-
tunity.

  “I’m Alice,” said Alice.

  “I’m Teddy,” said Opportunity.
“Nephew to Mrs. Bellers, who thinks
you are a run-away heiress. I am al-
ways kind to run-away heiresses, when
I locate them.”

  “Are you?” said Alice. “You were
kind to me the other evening.”

  “Was I kind to one then?” demanded
Teddy.

“Almost,” murmured the girl. “ I ran
60

Someday

away from home because my aunt wanted
me to marry a wealthy undertaker.”
“What an ideal!” said Teddy. “I’m
in the advertising business myself.”
Yesterday I went up and talked to
the radiator about Alice.

  “I miss her very much,” he told me
with a sigh. “She was such a nice girl.
She used to tell me all sorts of interest-
ing things about herself ; about her school
days, and her college days, and her
Wealthy and stingy aunt who wanted
her to marry some man she didn’t want
to marry, and how she ran away and
became a stenographer, and lost her job
when she confused the words ‘lost’ and
‘found’ in a letter. Then she went to
work in a factory, but lost out there
too.”

  “She was a nice girl,” said the ra-
diator, “but not very practical.”

  “That was one of her charms,” he
added as an afterthought.

  “She married a cousin of the Joneses,”
he went on after a while. “It was quite
a shock to them, as nobody in the family
had ever before married a servant girl.
‘I never heard of such a thing.’ I heard
Mrs. Bellers say when he told them about
it. But he married her.”

  “Are they reconciled—the Joneses, the

Bellers, and the bridal couple?” I asked.

  “Quite,” said the radiator. “Her aunt
was so glad to hear that she was safely
married that she forgave her everything.
At least, that’s what I heard, but these
days the house isn’t what it was. You
know, we have no cook, can’t get one.
It’s awful.”

  “So everybody is happy,” I said.
“Everybody but Mrs. Jones,” said the
radiator. “When she heard that Teddy
was going to marry Alice—she used to
sit just where you are standing—she
said: And just as she was getting
trained!’ I don’t think she is over it
even now. Cooks are hard to get these
days, you know.”

  At that moment, there was a swish in
the hallway and in came Alice, sparkling,
furred, gay. She did not see me simply
because I have the fascinating power of
making myself invisible when I want to
do so.

  She slipped over to the old radiator
and sat down on the floor and felt it
with her hands.

  “Dear old thing!” she said. “Dear old
thing!” said Alice-sit-by-the-radiator, and
there was a confused sputter heard, the
sort that radiators make when they are
half crying and half laughing.

   SOMEDAY

       By Marvin Luter Hill

gOMEDAY I shall not tremble when you speak
And that your lashes fall
In ebon fringes on your flower cheek
I shall not care at all.

 Yet—it may be that my dead eyes will stare
   (Tortured by all I missed)

 Forever at your eyes, your wind-blown hair,
 The lips I never kissed.
“Your Job Will Be Waiting

  When You Get Back”

   A NOVELETTE
   By Ferdinand Reyher

I

“TLTOUR job will be waiting when
you get back ” were the last
words old man Carew said to
Johnny Lamb as they shook hands be-
fore the boy went to camp.

  Once in a moment of wild excitement,
Mr. Holling laid aside his manner of
being in perpetual attendance at a pe-
culiarly solemn memorial service and
barked at Hatty:

 “Say, young lady, what’n h-, er

blazes, are you supposed to be round
here, anyway?”

  Hatty had so far been jostled out of
her usual cheeky self-possession as to
stand in open-mouthed amazement be-
fore the startling tableau of the man
of dignity in a towering rage. But she
had speedily recovered her unquench-
able self, smirked at him, and answered,
with a triple wriggle of her chewing
gum:

  “Just Hatty!”

  In a way, that was exactly it—that
is to say, during the first months in
which Hatty honored the otherwise nor-
mal firm of Morningfield, Carew & Mc-
Cullough with her presence. Having
been “just Hatty” at that time, explains,
perhaps, her presence with the firm in
the ye^r of peace, 1919.

Hatty was a war relic. Regarded dis-
passionately, one might say that she was

one of those recurrent minor atrocities
of a war supposedly ended. She would
have remained a simple lily of Harlem
if it had not been for the war, and with
no serious intent would she have ap-
proached nearer to the swift running cur-
rent of Nassau Street than One Hundred
and Forty-sixth Street. The war made
her; although to be just, she really dis-
covered the war by herself, and in no
sense could she have been called a war
baby.

  Business men will recall, sobbingly,
that fatal winter, 1917-18, when a rapa-
cious Government cast its hungry eye
round for the last available crop of ste-
nographers. There were whole days
when the click of a typewriter in the
abandoned region of Wall Street sounded
as lonely as a nightingale in Yonkers.
Then, when all the good stenographers
and passable typists had surged toward
the Potomac, a herd of wild ones stam-
peded the hitherto peaceful, domestic
offices. Daily they came, the silk stock-
ing army from Jersey City, Queens, and
Rahway to register at one of those busi-
ness colleges where they make a Schwab
secretary between Tuesday and Friday
of the' same week, position guaranteed.
After six days and a diploma, the un-
loosed host's of Remington and Under-
wood overran lower Broadway, wild for
plunder. To be a stenographer within
walking distance of Wall Street in 1918,
was like being an heiress once upon a

61
62 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

time. Bank presidents’ salaries were
awaiting her who could write a letter
without misspelling “receipt,” and there
was room for them all, the cruder the
quicker. However, no sooner had an
office trapped one, and spent a week curs-
ing, raging, and shrieking slander at a
blonde from Yorkville or Flatbush after
she had carboned the letter on the back
of the first copy three tries funning, then
she would fail to answer the roll’call.

  “Where is she?” someone in distress
would ask at 10:22 in the morning.

  At 11:04, the third bookkeeper, hav-
ing gotten the married sister on the near-
est grocery phone, would report:

  “Gone torWashington!”

  Even if the time comes, that peace is
so thick upon the earth that Republican
Senators will endorse the League of
Nations, there will still survive one sen-
tence to grate upon the soul of the Fagged
Captain of Business, make him see red,
and want to fight all over again:

  “Gone to Washington!”

  Some day, a fat poet of commercialism
will come along and sing a free verse
paean to the greatest patriot; the man
who kept the wheels turning and grind-
ing on the lumpy grist of human make-
shifts. Then a sculptor will make a
statue of the middle-aged nervous wreck
who owned a large office space filled
with typewriter desks entirely surrounded
by vacancies—the man who caught them
with a four-day diploma from the Sit-
tight, Razem & Potter Academies of
Commercial Delinquency and allowed
them to practice on his machines for a
week before they bought a Pullman
south; the man who saw them march-
ing in, in their silver cord coats and
Harlem mink, with nothing in the world
to recommend them but an instinct for
the touch system, and put the glint of
typewriter polish on them that they
might desert him for the Government.

  He was the unsung hero of the back
regions; the buffer plate between the
rawest sort of product and the cry of

the Bureaus that bulwarked the White
House. He was gray before his time,
a menace to his wife, a dread to his
children, a pest to his fellows, a devotee
of profanity—and no delegation of citi-
zens and cheerful sirens along the river
welcomed him home.

  Yet the normal citizen, did he have
to choose between old man Carew and
Hatty,would, without the slightest hesi-
tation, have chosen—either Norma Tal-
madge or Alice Brady. Hatty would
have made the jaguars run to cover in
the jungle; and old man Carew in a
day and a night, would have made a
jungle out of Palm Beach. So there
you are.

  Old man Carew, second on the sign
of Morningfield, Carew & McCullough,
burlap and denim sack manufacturers,
but first in importance and general peev-
ishness, followed Miss Judson, the last
of the stenographers, into the corridor
and to the elevator. His shoulders were
round as a bundle of hall runner, his
eyes sunk like golf balls in mud, and
his spirit diminished to the size of the
1917 sugar allotment. Now, Miss Jud-
son was a good shift lock manipulator
and a mistress of the hieroglyphics of
shorthand. Furthermore, by compari-
son to other stenographers the firm had
recently acquired, she shone like varnish
against a first coat.

  “I’m sorry, Mr. Carew,” said Miss
Judson, drawing one hand back through
the palm of her glove like the retreating
head of a snail, and then pressing her
fingers forward and stroking the leather.
She cast her eyes north and continued:

  “I am going to Washington. These
are critical times, Mr. Carew. The Gov-
ernment needs me.”

  “Cut the editorial guff and revert to
personals,” interrupted old man Carew
rudely. “Just how much are you going
to hold me up for?”

  “Mr. Carew,” responded Miss Judson
with dignity, “I am going to Washing-
ton to do my bit.”
Ferdinand Reyher

63

  He grew hysterical at that
“You won’t take—” he shouted and
his words congealed as his eye caught
the indicatoi on the elevator clock whiz-
zing counter-wise: 22 — 21 — 20 — 19.
There was a burst of sinister crimson
in the bulb beneath the clock. A clat-
ter of iron. Old man Carew unhypno-
tized himself,

'Til make it—” he began desperately.
“Good-by, Mr. Carew,” lilted Miss
Judson, flicking a gloved hand at him.

  She turned in the elevator and smiled
as the folding grill, with a chuckling clat-
ter, unlimbered its lattice between them.
The indicator resumed its counter step-
ping: 17—16—15—14—13— . . . 5—3
—1. As it settled on 1, he tore himself
away and flung through the door into the
outer office of 'Morningfield, Carew &
McCullough. He jabbed a shaking fin-
ger at Johnny Lamb and a trembling fist
in the austere direction of Mr. Holling.

  “If any of you ever let another female
come into this office who knows the dif-
ference between a letter of acknowledg-
ment and a legal holiday, I’ll-—Til”—he
wheezed off into incoherency. After a
bit, he got the brakes on to himself and
once more became noisily intelligible*.
“The next one that comes stays forever.
I don’t care if she knows so much that
she can carry it in her locket and still
have room for a powder puff. By ten
thousand cripes now, the man who puts
an idea into her head or even teaches
her how to sharp a pencil will—will—
brrrrr !’* He blew up again, with a noise
like the stripping of gears.

  He was still rumbling and erupting
with molten hate an hour later. Miss
Mencken, who came to take a letter from
him in place of Miss Judson, suddenly
shot out of his private office as from
the barrel of a howitzer, wild-eyed and
in tears. An eerie wail in the accents
of old man C'arew pursued her, couched
in notes of a blood-curdling pathos:
“Oh oh, oh! T wan’a commit aspasia
or something? I’m goin’ to Mexico—

5—L. S.

they’ll all kill me yet! Get out! Get
out! Eskimoes! Eskimoes! That’s
what they are—punctuation, spelling!
Ten thousand cripes now, don’t nobody
go to school no more ? Throw out the
typewriters—throw ’em all out—throw
’em outta the window—use ’em for road
foundations! Denham! Denham! Come
here, Denham!”

  Imperturbable Charley Denham, cool
and smiling, breezed into old man
Carew’s den of profanity.

 “Denham, make a note o’ this!”
shrieked the old man. “Be here at five
o’clock t’-morrer morning and interview
all the office charwomen and s’lect three
for secretarial jobs! Three of ’em!
Make a note o’ that, Denham!”

  Denham laughed and went out, leaving
the old man fluttering down, through
fantastic circles of humor, to a normal
temperature. A little later, Carew sent
out a note to Johnny Lamb.

  “Insert following advertisement in all
morning papers,” read the note, and then
the advertisement;

 WANTED: Four husky female la-
borers for light office work”

  About two-thirty, he popped out and
shouted across to Mr. Holling as though
they had been carrying on an uninter-
rupted conversation:

  “You’ll get me one that even Washing-
ton won’ take, and while that sounds
crazy you’ll do it—do you hear—you’ll
do it !”

  The door of his office slammed behind-
him. From outside in the corridor, came
the metallic clattering of an elevator gate
sliding open and shut, as though it were
the echo of the banging of old man
Carew’a door. A moment later, the of-
fice door opened and Hatty came in.

  She was about nineteen, slim, with that
wriggle to her walk which suggests
Coney Island on an August Sunday,
Longacre Square at eleven-fifteen Satur-
day night, Sixth Avenue and Thirty*
fourth Street on the eve of holidays,
and every other spot overpacked with
64 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

congregating humanity, She was that
exclusive product of New York and the
subway that personifies the rush hour
motto of Harlem and the Bronx—
“Room for just one more !” She had the
air of being able to board an express at
Grand Central at the zero hour, five-fifty-
eight, and arrive at her station on the
outskirts with her hat on straight and not
a crease in her blouse.

  The first lasting impression she gave,
after the surface impression of baby
prettiness had been dispelled, was a sense
of self-dependence and nerve. A tinge
of green in her eyes did this; and a
certain hauteur with which she wore her
clothes, the whole outfit of which could
not have cost her family more than sixty
dollars, as though she were trailing
through a world, safe for all democrats,
in the habiliments of the Queen of
Sheba.

  She paused on the threshold of the of-
fice, daintily punishing the chewing gum
in her mouth, and cooly returning the
stare of the gaping force. Then her eyes
lighted on Johnny Lamb.

  Lamb was the office cub and one of its
principal rays of sunshine. He had a
head of curly hair and a disposition like
the sublimated essence of the cheeriest
beams of old Sol. He was rather shy at
heart; but an incurable romanticism con-
stantly drove him out of himself. He
was the kind who make all the fifty-to-
one wagers and draw to the inside
straights of the world, being a devotee of
enthusiasms, and the prospect of getting
Taft for president of the Yanks or Char-
ley Hughes to manage the Dodgers
would furnish him with serious conver-
sation for weeks at a stretch.

  “D’ye need any stenographers ?” Hatty
asked him.

  Regarding her with wide twinkling
eyes, he rose, smiling.

  “Funny, that is!” he laughed. “I just
heard something about something like
that.”

  “I’m ready to start now,” said Hatty.

  “Say, ain’t that fine!” he exclaimed
heartily, and paused. “But d’you know,”
he added with confidential frankness,
“I’m afraid I’m not exactly the chap to
ask.”

  “Gee, ain’t that strange! I thought
now you must be the president sure!” she
said innocently. “But use all your pull
and see if you can’t get me a interview.”
“Say, all the pull I got round here
wouldn’t stretch a rubber band. But Mr.
Holling over there, he’s the director of
employment, and—follow me.”

  He led her to Mr. Holling who was
entrenched like a feudal despot behind
a huge double rosewood desk which
stood by itself.

  “This young lady is an expert stenog-
rapher,” began Chubby Lamb romanti-
cally, bowing slightly toward Hatty, “and
she wants a job.”

  Mr. Holling frowned upon Hatty. Her
nose crinkled faintly as she stared back
at him. Mr. Holling had a manner that
fairly vibrated with the desire to use
whatever advantage he could gather to
himself over anyone unfortunate enough
to be compelled to confront him in the
role of petitioner. He was the incarna-
tion of Disapproval.

 “Where have you worked before?”
asked Mr. Holling.

  “In a telephone exchange,” answered
Hatty. “I was an operator.”

  “In a—a what?” demanded Mr. Hol-
ling. “A telephone operator! And you
ask for a stenographer’s position ? Have
you ever gone to a business college or
had any experience in shorthand or type-
writing?”

  “Why, mister,” exclaimed Hatty in a
grieved tone, “them busin'ess schools’ve
each got a waiting line in front of ’em
from here to Van Cortlandt Park. I
was thinking I could learn right here.”
“Does this look like a school room to
you? What ever brought you here,
Miss? D’ye think we’ve got the time to
instruct you?” demanded Mr. Holling
in sheer horror.
Ferdinand Reyher

65

  His idea of running a business in a
crisis was to look up the word crisis in
the dictinoary, and then, turning to the
Book of Customary Procedure, do what
had always been done before in precisely
the same way. Old man Carew, thought
Mr. Holling, had been speaking ironical-
ly about engaging an inexperienced ste-
nographer^he could not have been seri-
ous, of course not! Hunting, and being
given, employment was a sacred proposi-
tion in Mr. Holling’s eyes; it was some-
thing of mercantile ceremonial; a sort
of commercial confirmation. One came
humbly, with a starched air if not in a
starched dress, bearing typewritten and
properly endorsed catechisms of recom-
mendations and references. No emer-
gency nonsense about Mr. Holling. In
his soul’s horrified recoil from the spec-
tacle of Hatty asking for a stenogra-
pher’s job on the basis of having been a
telephone operator, he was hardly con-
scious of what she said to him.

  “Gee, Mr. Hollow, I learned to op’rate
a switchboard in four days and that’s
some complicated job, I’ll tell the world.
You put me on and I’ll guarantee—**
“Do you mean to say you have had no
stenographic experience?” asked Mr.
Denham, who had come up and over-
heard.

  “Gee, come to think of’t, oncet I—”
meditated Hatty slowly, but Mr. Denham
gripped her arm firmly and checked her.

  “Not another word, please!” he said
almost harshly, before she could dig up
from her past any incriminating evidence.
“You’re engaged! What’s your name?”
Hatty beamed up at him with delight.
Here was a man who appreciated great
talents in the rough:

  “Harriet Weller,” she said.

  “Here, write it down with your ad-
dress and telephone.”

  Hatty scrawled it.

  “Do you see that desk over there?
From now on, that’s to be your business
residence, Come along please, Miss
Weller.”

  He gently touched her elbow and Har-
riet advanced toward her future business
residence. Behind them, Mr. Holling
was emitting gurgling noises expressive
of supreme spiritual agony. It was al-
ways a bitter reflection upon himself, felt
Mr. Holling, that Charles Denham with
his sense of humor, should be his imme-
diate superior. This latest grotesquery
of the humorous Denham, taking old
man Carew literally at his word and en-
gaging a “stenographer” whom certainly
even Washington would never take from
them, was really too much.

  “Mr. Lamb, this is Miss Weller, one
of our new stenographers,” Mr. Denham
was announcing soberly on the other side
of the room to Johnny Lamb. “You’ll
be kind enough to give her what assist-
ance she may need at first in becoming
accustomed to the work.”

  So, having palmed off Hatty .on sunny
Johnny Lamb, Mr. Denham hastily de-
parted from the room with all his sol-
emnity intact—until the door shut behind
him. Johnny stood there with a great
grin, playing like May sunshine over his
face. It was patent that he did not share
Mr. Holling’s attitude toward the ad-
visability of attaching Hatty to the firm
of Morningfield, Carew & McCullough.
He lifted the edge of the desk which was
to be Hatty’s. The central section made
a combination leap and dive, and there
stood Hatty’s typewriter.

  “Ooh!” said Hatty. “It’s like a Jack-
in-the-box, ain’t it?”

  “That’s your typewriter/' laughed
Johnny.

  “Gee !”vsaid Hatty looking at the type-
writer and transferring the wintergreen
from the left to the right molars, “that
don’t look so awful hard to work, does it ?
Is it anything like a pieaner?”

  Johnny threw back his head and
laughed, and a ripple of sprightly titter-
ing ran around the room. As they stood
there, they looked like the joy twins; a
sudden lightness had come into the place;
the whole office, with the exception of
66 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

Mr. Holling, took Hatty affectionately to
itself. It remains to be said that Mr.
Denham, having engaged Hatty in what
was certainly a facetious moment, did
play fairly with her—as fairly as a super-
stitious man who in a crisis plays the
limit on a hunch. She seemed to bring
luck, for in the next three days the firm
engaged seven girls who could take dicta-
tion if it were given to them as elemen-
tarily and distinctly as a starter in a race
says: “Get ready! Set! Go!” and
would even put in a punctuation mark
where it belonged if a pistol were fired.
Mr. Denham never waved the high sign
of dismissal at Hatty, although as a ste-
nographer she was as useful to the firm
as the elevator* starter on the ground floor.
Gradually, she drifted into the role of a
kind of sublimated office girl, criss-cross-
ing the rooms on small errands which
eventually gave her a certain librarian’s
knowledge of the company for which
every one found constant and increasing
use. With it all, she remained forever
“just Hatty,” darting to and "fro like a
dragon fly; glimmering with slangy laugh-
ter, chewing gum, giving a rapier retort
to every pin prick of witticism addressed
to her. It was always “Hatty, get me
that Spurgis report; I think it’s File 28,
or 38!” “Hatty, where’s that Ashbrot,
Taffel & Drey fuss, Pittsburgh, memoran-
dum Mr. Denham was asking for ?”
“Hatty, where’s this ?” and “Hatty,
where’s that?” Yet she never seemed to
be doing anything; seemingly surfeited
with time enough to try fantastic finger-
ing systems on typewriters left unguarded
for a moment; time to relieve Tessie
Edelsohn at the switchboard for a quar-
ter of an hour; time to—seemingly, there
was nothing for which she could not find
time. The keen edge of even Mr. Holl-
ing’s resentment at the presence of any-
thing so capricious as Hatty in a sober
office blunted into grim acceptance. His
last outburst against her occurred on the
afternoon when he came upon Hatty
showing Victor, one of the office boys,

how to make practical drinking cups out
of bond paper, legal size.

  “Young lady, isn’t there anything you
can find to do here „ besides destroying
office material and wasting the time of
these boys?” he fussed, reaching round
Hatty for the paper cup holder, that at
this moment, was paper cupless.

  Hatty calmly handed him the drinking
cup she had just taught Victor to make.

  “ ’Ere y’are, Mr. ’Oilin’!” she clipped
triumphantly at him.

  He glared at her for a moment, and
then actually snatched the cup out of her
hand.

  “I’ll tell you what’s wrong with you,
Mr. ’Oilin’,” said the astonishing Hatty,
coolly folding another sheet of paper into
a drinking cup. “You’re a reg’lar busi-
ness man, awright, awtight; but you’re
not a reg’lar guy.”

  With that, she tossed Victor the other
drinking cup and walked away, leaving
Mr. Holling so agitated that his fingers
clutched convulsively on the drinking cup
he held and pressed open its edges, so
that a trickle of cool spring wa,ter de-
scended upon his immaculate waistcoat
and trousers.

  Fate had been kind to both the office
and Hatty in keeping her away from her
principal source of danger—old man
Carew. In a moment of hysteric eccen-
tricity, he had really been responsible for
her; in a similar moment of outraged wil-
fulness, he might have been equally re-
sponsible for her abrupt departure.
Some day, of course, a dramatic collision
between those two fantastic personalities
would take place, and daily the office
awaited it; and with every day fatuously
hoped it would be deferred. Came a day
when the old man was in one of his usual
bad moods, and in the afternoon he sud-
denly stalked out of his private office and
glared about him. It just happened that
not one of the stenographers was in the
room with the exception of Hatty, who
was picking out “Now is the time for the
good brown fox to jump over the lazy
Ferdinand Reyher

67

party on the fourteenth of last month?”
with one finger and a puckered expres-
sion of intense concentration, upon Miss
Roseman’s typewriter.

  He pointed at Hatty and shouted:
“You, miss! Bring your book and
come here!”

  That which every stenographer in the
office dreaded more than influenza had
descended upon Hatty of all people.
Augustus Bains, old man Carew’s secre-
tary, was away at something or other and
the old man had singled out a victim from
the outer office to take dictation. Long
before this, Hatty must have invested old
man Carew with the sacred halo of those
who can raise the brother of Abel and not
get called down; but nevertheless, with-
out a visible tremor, she answered the
call, which must have sounded like an
order to stop the current in a third rail by
smearing talcum powder on it. Picking
up Miss Roseman’s shorthand book, she
followed old man Carew into his cave of
horrors, leaving the door partly open.

  “Im—or’nt lett—four cop’s—ge’roffa-
wuntz!” crackled the old man’s opening
salvo: A humanitarian might have trans-
lated this into: “An important letter is
about to be dictated to you, my child.
Kindly make four copies without delay and
just bring them to me for approval and
the necessary signature, so that the letter
may be dispatched immediately.”

  “Da’lin, R’luck—oh, Ne Jurzee—t’day
—Messers Simp, Luch, Dill! Derr Sirs!”
With jerks, cracklings, and explosions,
old man Carew-shot out this address. It
meant that the date line was to be Roloco,
New Jersey, the site of the Rosmer Load-
ing Company’s plant, a war company in
which he was vitally interested and of
which he was an officer; and that the let-
ter was to be sent to the firm of Messrs.'
Simpson, Lucknow & Delancey, Pitts-
burgh, Pa. Almost everyone in the office
at some time or other had become famil-
iar with the address, but in that tense in-
stant it must have been as crystalline to
Hatty as a Chaldean mud tablet. The

whole office sat rigid with a sickening im-
pression of impending calamity. Johnny
Lamb had risen from his desk, his lips
open and his eyes fixed in a terrified stare
on the partly open door of old man
Carew’s private office. He sank weakly
into the chair before Miss Roseman’s
desk, which Hatty had just left, some
papers which he had carried fluttering
from his fingers over the typewriter.
With a flurry of his shoulders, as though
to shake off the tragedy achieving itself
in the private office of the old man, he
mechanically stuffed paper into the type-
writer, bent over his scattered notes, and
clicked merrily away at the keys.

  “Pr’ves’ ga — shun’ — ’scover pres’
shortch necer’y supplies c’pellsus ’cline
handling farth’ ord’s. Is wi’ deepst ’grets
Fd’vise you this, buttes th’ French say la
war it’s HELL! Meet the’gen aft Dutch
’re LICKED! Sur—”

  Old man Carew's characteristic and
strangely fascinating volleying of a busi-
ness letter stopped with an ominous
break.

  “Why, in ten thousand cripes, didn’ ye
take that ?” he suddenly bellowed.

  “Take what?” came the clear voice of
Hatty.

  There was a sound of choking.

  “Take what!” shrieked the old man.
“The letter I was givin’ you!”

  “Oh—” her voice was charged with
honest surprise. “Was that a letter? I
thought you was hiccupin’!”

  It was a full minute before another
sound was heard. Then, like the bursting
of a barrage, the old man’s voice roared
out against the horrid quietness that was
broken only by the noise of Chubby
Lamb’s frantic typewriting.

  “Get out! Get out!” old man Carew
howled. “Get out and never come back
—never come near here unless you bring
me that letter perfect! What’n—what’n
ten thousand blazes did you think I called
you in here for—to sing ’Way down on
the Suwanee River?”

  Simultaneously Hatty appeared in the
68 ‘ Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

doorway. She didn’t seem much upset;
but she was holding Miss Roseman’s red-
lined pad upside down and crinkling her
nose in the direction of the old man.

  “Well, of all the noive!” she said so
distinctly that he must have heard her.
“Of all the noive ! He must be sick !”
She marched over to Johnny Lamb.
“Say, Johnny, was that there riot what
you call bein’ fired?” she demanded, as
though Johnny were the guilty party.

  He started, rose and unwound his
written sheets from the typewriter.

  “Here, Hatty,” he said cramming the
four sheets, carbons and all, into her
hands, “sit down for a minute and read
’em over, and take ’em to him. Tell
him you never had a previous oppor-
tun’ty of getting next to his peculiar
manner of dictatin’; but that when it
comes to memory, you’re a bear!”

  She looked at him with wide eyes.
“Oh!” she exclaimed, and for all her
amazement there was a new softness in
her voice. “D’ye mean this is the stuff
he was shootin’ off ’bout in there—all
done—all O. K. ?”

  Johnny smiled, shifted awkwardly, and
nodded.

  “Johnny Lamb, you’re what I call one
real, white gent, I’ll tell the world!”

  She pressed his hand with a warmth
of gratitude and tenderness so unusual
to her metallic bright little self that his
blood pounded along with a thrill and
a trill.

  “Thanks—not ’tall!” he mumbled,
blushing furiously and confused.

  Five minutes later, chin perkily up and
rustling four sheets of paper defiantly
before her, Hatty breezed toward the
old man’s den and disappeared. A mo-
ment later she reappeared, head even
higher.

  “Great blazes!” came from old man
Carew as she crossed the threshold of
his private office. “Look here!”

  She turned. There was a pause and
he came and stood before her, bent over
the letters, looking so hard for an error

that the whole room felt the real strain.

  “Say!” he exclaimed. “Ten thousand
cripes now, young lady—what’s your
name ?”

  “Hat—Miss Weller!” she responded
with inflammable dignity.

  “Well, Miss Weller, hereafter when
I got any dictatin’ to do what Mr. Bains
ain’t here to take, you’ll stay out there
at your desk and we’ll do it by telep-
athy !”

  He darted back into his office, and
with a bang of the door behind him,
severed himself from the astral influences
of psychic stenography. But quick as
he had been in darting back, no one ex-
cept perhaps on Hatty herself, was lost
the fact—the indubitable, miraculous
fact—that old man Carew’s perpetual
and deep-grooved scowl had flirted for
a moment with a grin. Hatty had borne
the gleam of gladness into the old man’s
cavern of gloom. She crinkled her nose
as the door closed, and with one hand
stroking the flat smoothness of her hip-
less figure and the other wiggling the
pencil in her hair against her scalp, she
repeated, distinctly:

  “Well—of all the noive!”

  Through the succeeding weeks, at little
odd moments, Johnny Lamb found op-
portunities to hover about Hatty, with
a kind of half shy, wistful joy in her
presence, or in inflicting himself on her.
Lips parted with boyish embarrassment,
he seemed nevertheless to thrive upon
the witticisms and slang she flung at
him, and the chirpy bright prattle of
her incessant mockery splashed over
him like a delicious summer sea. In
spite of the service he had done her in
the matter of old man Carew’s dictation
—wiser psychologists than even Mr.
Denham, would have said because of it
—she apparently had singled him out as
the special target of her raciest shafts;
but seemingly, Johnny had become so
devoted to this dragon fly of a girl that
where he should have winced, he merely
grinned. One evening, as she pushed
Ferdinand Reyher

69

through the revolving door of the Trow-
bridge Building and came out on the steps
from which she would step into the day-
is-done tide of humankind hurrying to-
ward Elevated stations and Subway
kiosks, to the Bronx and Long Island
City, Flatbush and Yorkville, he was
standing on the pavement in the violet
dusk, evidently waiting for someone.
She saw his face light up as his eyes
met hers, and he stepped up to meet her.

  “I—I was jus’ waitin’ for Gus Spen-
cer—y’didn’t see him anywheres upj
stairs, did you?” he stammered.

  She laughed merrily.

  “Gee, Johnny, you’re a razzle-dazzle!”
She hitched her "fox piece more snugly
round her neck. “As if you didn’t know
that when the minute hand steps on five
o’clock, the only thing about Gus ye c’d
see is the corpses he’s leaving behind
him as he goes battling through the ctowd
to make that Lenox Avenue special.”
She slipped her hand through his arm.
“Cm on, Chubby, take me to the sta-
tion !”

  So, having it made easy for him, he
escorted her to the Subway station. To-
gether, they fought their way to a ticket
window; but quick as he was, she was
before him with her nickel and he pushed
after her across the crowded platform
and into a train as packed as a freshly
filled slot machine. He was pressed close
against her; and at each succeeding sta-
tion the thud of another desperate wedge
of homegoing Harlemites squashed them
still nearer to each other. Unconscious-
ly, he strove to stand between her and
the impact of each new host. He had
the satisfying glow of the protecting
male. He felt something like a knight
standing between his lady and the press
of a rowdy. It was good that he got
some satisfaction from this, because from
their talk, small benefit could have been
derived by either of them. What there
was of it was mostly gasps and smoth-
ered imprecations; yet Chubby was treas-
uring each word and groan that Hatty

uttered, as something semi-sacred and
beatifically private. Suddenly she turned.
“Say, wasn’t that your station?”

  He blushed; but a warm thrill of pleas-
ure ran through him at her question. She
knew where he lived. There was de-
licious intimacy about that. He had
known it was his station, but he an-
swered :

“Oh—eh—wha-wha—I’ll be—so it
was!” Emboldened he added: “I don’t
care. I’m seeing you home! Get me ?”
She looked up at this new assertive
Johnny with an appreciative mockery.

  “Huh!” she exclaimed. “Y’re ’fraid
I’ll miss my stop?”

  He gripped her elbow, which in the
jam of the train had long been iden-
tified with his floating ribs.

  “Don’t you worry what I think!”
“Gee, don’ you see me gettin’ gray
doin’ that!”

  “I’m stickin’ t’ye close, little one, like
a postage stamp.”

  “Say, ye don’ put much of a price on
y’r comp’ny, do ye? You’d have t’be ten
of yourself to be worth twenty cents to
me or thirty.”

  “Say, talkin’ of price—I could even
buy you a dinner.”

  “An’ a movie after?” she mocked.
  “The best in the town.”

  “Lawd! An’ me poor old mother
waitin’ home with the bean soup and
the stew.”

  They were at her station now, and
he walked with her up the stairs out into
the clear cool Harlem evening. At the
corner, she stopped.

  “D’ye wan’ me to lend y’ a nickel to
get back on?” she said, hinting his dis-
missal.

  “It’s a fine night for a walk,” he an-
swered sentimentally.

  “Life’s too short—ye better get a taxi,
and be natural, no matter what the doc-
tor’s been telling you.”

  “Listen, Hatty, now—”

  “Go on—go on—lot you care if my
stew gets cold.”
70

“Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

  “Listen—” Johnny Lamb began.

  “Aw, gee, go on! Ain’t you satisfied
I’m standin’ in front of you? D’ye wan’
me to put on a list’nin tube?”

  “When are ye goin’ out to dinner with
me, an’ a show, or anything you wan’a
do, like a dance or somethin’, see?”
“See!” she mimicked with scorn. “Say,
wha’ d’ye think I lis’en with—my eyes ?”
She looked up at him laughingly, and
gripped his arm. “Go on, go on, fair
one, tell me some more—dinner, show,
dance an’ anything I wan’a do—keep
on, it’s like music to my ears, me bein’
a poor kid f’m Harlem with no pleasures
o’ me own.”

  Her patter of mockery disturbed him,
and quick to see that perhaps he really
was hurt, she said impulsively.:

  “Hones’, Johnny, ma’s all ready with
the add-hot-water-and-serve, soTll have
t’be runnin’. But lis’en, ol’ dear, any
night, any place you say—tell me t’mor-
rer when the big time’s cornin’ off!
Nighty-night!”

  A quick pressure on his fingers and
she was gone, leaving Johnny Lamb in
a state of beatific trance.

  They had exactly three “big times” to-
gether. The first took place three days
after the evening on which he had made
the initial excursion to Harlem with her,
and the third and last, one week later.
This occasion was a gala event for Johnny
Lamb, imbued for him with something of
an international flavor. After they had
departed from their American business
office on that great night, they had dinner
at an Italian restaurant, with spaghetti in
strings as long and slippery as the Piave.
With a final spurt through demi-tasse, an
apple, a brick of Neopolitan ice cream
and a domino of Camembert cheese, they
hurried to a French musical comedy in
which an English actor was starring.
They concluded with a Yellow Peril, a
tete-a-tete over an inlaid marble-topped
teak wood table and a steaming mes$ of
chop suey, that well-known midnight in-
door sport of Longacre Square and Col-

umbus Circle. It was as they walked
arm in arm from the Harlem station
through the desolation of that province
to Hatty’s home, that they reverted to
their inalienable American citizenship
again. For a time, Johnny had been
strangely silent.

   “Gee, Johnny,” Hatty burst out finally,
“I’ll admit they ring the curfew up here
in the suburbs; but at that they can’t do
no more’n pinch you for conversation.
Be a sport now and shatter the stilly night
^vith a few well chosen remarks on any-
thing, will ye ?”

   For answer, he pressed her arm closer.
“Hones’—hones’, Hatty—when I get
to thinkin’ this is the las’ time, maybe, I’ll
have a chance to see ye—why, aw gosh,
girl, can’t ye see, I haven’t got much
heart left to chew the rag.”

  “The las’ time!” She stopped short,
disengaging her arm and gripping his.
She looked up close into his face. “The
las’ time—say, what’s the answer ?”

   He fancied there was a tremor of solici-
tation in her words, and the fancy warmed
his heart.

   “I’m drafted,” he said. “I go t’-mor-
rer.”

  “Why—why didn’t ye tell me?” she
asked slowly. “Gee, I never even guessed
you was goin’ so soon.”

   “It’d a been sooner, but old man Carew
begged me not t’enlist. . . . An’ my
mofher and sister was both dependent,
an’—well, I’m goin’t’-morrer.”

  There was a heavy silefice between
them.

   “You’ll write t’me?” she asked.

  “You bet. And you?”

   “I’ll do it if I have to use Miss Wasser-
man’s machine.”

  They had reached her door. As she
stood facing him he gripped her arms and
drew her close to him. His eyes were
gleaming near to hers; his lips an inch
from her lips.

  “Hatty—” his voice was husky—
“I’m not goin’ to say it now—but when

I	come back to you, I’m goin’ to say—to
Ferdinand Reyher

71

say—‘I love you, Hatty !’ ” In an iron
hold that was expressive of a new, un-
recognizably masterful Johnny Lamb, she
was drawn almost fiercely to him, and he
kissed her. For a long minute, she felt
held from the ground, and then as her
toes touched the pavement again, he sud-
denly released her, and in an ecstasy of
panic, he turned and fled.

  That was Johnny Lamb’s real farewell
to Hatty. She saw him the next day
when he came to say good-by to his
friends in the office; but almost shame-
facedly he avoided her; the incurable and
genuine shyness that was characteristic
of Johnny Lamb having, in the meantime,
visualized all manner of indignations in
the mind of Hatty, which that highly
sophisticated young Gothamite certainly
never felt. As a matter of fact, she was
actually piqued that he made no fuss over
her in the office as he shook hands and
said good-by. Foolish Johnny Lamb, he
could have kissed her again; because in
the first place, kisses, as kisses, meant
nothing vastly significant to Hatty. In
the second place, all the movie actresses
and society girls in canteens and enlisting
booths had made kissing potential dough-
boys an act approximately as thrilling as a
handclasp. The office would have laughed
and made near-witty remarks—and there,
as far as the public was concerned, the
matter would have ended. The kiss he
had given her the night before, had really
stirred something in the deeps of Hatty’s
apparently frilly little soul. It was not
like other kisses; she still thrilled to it.
And now—

  “Good-by, Hatty, I’ll write ye,” said
Johnny.

  “I’ll bet all the words you’ll send me’ll
give yo’ writer’s cramp,” she answered.
“Will you write as many?”

  “If I don’t I’ll knit ye a pair o’ straw-
berry socks.”

  “S’long!”

  “Fare thee well, my darling boy.”

  So Johnny went to a Southern camp,
spent his first leave of absence in quar-

antine with mumps, and his second in
quarantine with measles, and shortly after
recovering, sailed for France from a
southern port on the well-known Atlantic,
without reappearing in New York. Hatty
received eight letters and a post card
from him; answered the first two faith-
fully and in corresponding length, and
cheated cruelly on the others, owing the
lad when he left something like a thou-
sand words of neglected reply. She got
his photograph—photograph of Corporal
John Raleigh Lamb—when he was on the
high seas and at the moment when he was
pitching in a coquettish storm, indiffer-
ent to her, indifferent to life itself, the
needs of France, war, love—anything ex-
cept the gyrations of a stomach which
had never been brought up to be a sailor.
Had he known at that moment, he would
have been miserably indifferent to the
very slight thrill his photograph evoked
in her; he wouldn’t have cared had she
torn it across. But fortunately he knew
nothing of the fact that the picture of
Corporal John Raleigh Lamb shared an
unimportant place on her dresser behind
a can of powder, a vanity case, and a jar
of cold cream, with three other youths in
khaki, her cousins and Freddy Mawser,
whom she had always known without
ever having been elated to any pitch of
fervor by it. For when Johnny was sail-
ing the high seas and hating life with the
terrible hatred of a rebelling stomach,
Hatty was sailing on a strange, exciting
sea of personal adventure; a sea upon
which, however, the wraith of Johnny
Lamb’s one fervent kiss occasionally fell
like a reminding shadow.

II

  In the spring of 1919, Johnny Lamb
returned to New York on a troopship wel-
comed by aldermen and a committee, the
formation of which had caused more con-
troversy than the League of Nations.
He had lolled about France for almost a
72 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

year before his regiment was sent into
action, and then he arrived in time
for the tail end of a very minor skirmish.
He wore no crosses; was never mentioned
in the orders or disorders of the day; was
unkissed by French ladies or French gen*-
erals, and altogether, having been pre-
pared to do his duty, had done it without
fuss and feathers as the great unmen-
tioned thousands have done it, and was
glad<—the phrase is “damned glad”-“to
spot the sky line of Manhattan again.
He had no subtle soul awakenings; no
psychic spiritual transformations. He
went forth Johnny Lamb, and he came
back Johnny Lamb, despite the corporal
honors. He had been the same sunshiny
Chubby in camp and in France that he
had been in the office of Morningfield,
Carew & McCullough, and in that big,
shy, sunshiny heart of his he still carried
one picture—the vision of Hatty Weller,
forever vitalized by the kiss he had given
her in the discreet and cemetery-like
somnolence of Harlem at 1:15 A. M. over
a year ago. So, having laid clear the war
record of Johnny Lamb, it is time to re-
turn to Hatty and the end' of the winter
of 1918.

  Curiously enough, after the rebuff she
had given Mr. Holling re the matter of
impromptu drinking cups folded out of
bond paper, legal size, Hatty became
vaguely aware that his attitude toward
her had undergone a radical change. She
was utterly bowled over one afternoon,
when Mr. Holling gratuitously walked
across the room and apropos of nothing
stated:

  “A wonderfully fine day, isn’t it, Miss
Weller ?”

  Hatty stared at him somewhat as
though he had announced: “Let's can
the work and go down to Brighton for a
swim—they say the water’s fine in Feb-
ruary !”

  He repeated:

  “Simply wonderful weather, isn’t it?”

  She painstakingly examined the start-
ling sentence to discover what sarcasm

underlay his words, and to her own
amazement finding none, responded sol-
emnly :

  “Mr. Holling, you speak words of wis-
dom, and it’s a pleasure to meet such a
fine observer.”

  Whereupon Mr. Holling, far from be-
ing his usual ruffled self at her reply,
actually smiled a great beaming, semi-
human smile.

  “Let me get this right,” said Hatty
quickly. “It was your great aunt what
died, wasn’t it, Mr. ’Oiling, and left you
all' that money?”

  He laughed. The whole office now
stared at this astounding outbreak of
hilarity on the part of the Grand Secre-
tary of The-I-Will-Glooms.

  That evening, as Hatty, homeward
bound, was entering the elevator, Mr.
Holling stepped in behind her.

  “Pretty good to call it a day, eh?” Mr.
Holling said, as an effort at small talk.

  “Callin’ it a day, Mr. Holling,” an-
swered Hatty, “is what fills me with
heavy sorrer ev’ry evenin’.”

  He walked beside her down the cor-
ridor toward the revolving doors of the
entrance, and he was beside her when
she came out on the street.

  “Going over toward the subway?” Mr.
Holling asked, and without delaying for
her reply, touched her arm and went with
her. Her surprise at the general evi-
dences of thawing taking place in the
frosted top soil of the man next to her
was not lessened by the fact that Hatty,
who knew all that was to be known of
the personal habits of the people with
whom she worked, was aware that Mr.
Holling never went home on the subway,
but took the Elevated at a station which
lay in the opposite direction.

  Somehow, she was not able to frisk in
front of Mr. Holling and lay her nickel
on the little glass shelf of the ticket win-
dow ahead of him, as she had done with
Johnny Lamb, and Mr. Holling preced-
ing her with two tickets to the chopper,
stood aside there while she passed him,
Ferdinand Reyher

73

and then dropping the tickets into the
box, followed her to the platform.

  In the few cubic inches of space in-
side the train which they had won for
themselves, Mr. Holling deftly sliced
open an evening paper. He shifted one
shoulder round in front of Hatty so that
she could glance over the sheet also.

  “What do you think of that!” ex-
claimed Mr. Holling. “The President
has issued a statement upholding Gar-
field’s closing order.”

  “That means the the’tres an’ ev’ry-
thing’ll be shut down, don’ it?”

  “It looks that way.”

  “Gee, ain’t the war fierce!” she ex-
claimed passionately.

  “So—McAdoo’s appointing a Railroad
Wage Commission. I wonder what that
will signify?” Mr. Holling brooded
aloud, with an inflection in his voice,
however, that was the first appeal that
had ever been made to Hatty’s intellec-
tual discretion.

  “Say, turn to the comics!” said Hatty.
A faint shiver ran through Mr. Hol-
ling. Under the Proper-Rules-of-Proce-
dure-Crust of him, there was, perhaps,
a reservoir of humor, dried up through
long parched years of efficiency, that liv-
ening streams might again fill. He turned
to the comic sheet for the first time, and
with that simple act started himself on
the backward track toward the lost
laughter of his youth.

  Mr. Holling, raising his hat gallantly
in farewell among a hedge of arms and
iron hand-loops, left Hatty at Grand
Central Station. She had been vaguely
wondering whether he were going to see
her home; and vaguely disturbed at the
prospect. She was already flushing se-
cretly at the thought of the various
slangy attacks she had made upon Mr.
Holling, during the course of their en-
counters in the office. She began to
sense that this new Mr. Holling was in-
tent upon proving that in addition to
being a “regular business man,” he was
at neart, a “regular guy,” as well. Mr.

Holling was, after all, a figure of im-
portance in the concern of Morningfield,
Carew & McCullough; and as such, even
impurely social relations, could not be so
flippantly regarded as Johnny Lamb.

  As the days went on, it became ap-
parent that by one of those freaks of the
law of sex attraction, Mr. Clarence Hol--
ling, forty-eight years of age, and with
a record clean of entangling alliances
with the charms of femininity, to say
nothing of being the recipient of a week-
ly salary much larger than the total
monthly wages of Hatty’s father, had be-
come very definitely interested in that
father’s daughter. Mr. Holling, evincing
a surprising instinct for advancing his
cause for one so untutored in the Great
Game, did not lose, but gained, in dig-
nity in Hatty’s eyes. He was really very
wise. Several times, he rode as far as
Grand Central Station with her in the
evening. Several times, he accidentally
met her at luncheon, on those rare oc-
casions when she forsook a clattering,
marbled, coffee-and emporium for the
tea shop round the corner. Several times
per day, he could find a moment in which
to say a pleasant word to her; and pleas-
ant, unprofessional words from Mr. Hol-
ling during business hours had a value all
their own. Several times, he walked to
her subway station, tipped his hat, and
walked back to his own Elevated station.
Several times he made to her little, subtle
suggestions indicative of his interest in
her success. Very, very subtle was Mr.
Holling in these suggestions, and it was
from him that Hatty heard first the
magic word “career” applied to herself.
Yet, it was all accidental seemingly; all
in passing; he gave no air of plotting
to bring about these occurrences. He
had none of the youthful stress and strain
of Johnny Lamb, dog faithful in ex-
pressions of eye and lips, awkward hands
and stumbling speech. Each of Mr. Hol-
ling’s slightest attentions to her caressed
her like flattery; each had distinction.
He spoke a deliberately careful English
74 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

to liar, and Hatty, long entrenched in the
ancior of instantaneous slang, felt that
his sentences reproved, with loving cor-
rection her own maltreatment of lan-
guage. She, consequently, lost in speech
with him, a bit of her cheeky independ-
ence ; imperceptibly, she was toned down,
and whole hours passed when she forgot
to replace the verbal chip that she had
always carried upon the trim, Georgette
curve of her lovely little shoulder.

  It was five minutes of five and Hatty
began zigzagging across the outer office
toward the dressing room.

  “Miss Weller!”

  Only two people called her “Miss Wel-
ler” in the office—old man Carew and
Mr. Holling. She turned. Mr. Holling
was coming toward her, a sheaf of pa-
pers in his hand.

  “Miss Weller, the office is frightfully
crowded for time. There’s a special job
to be done on these papers, and Miss
Tracy, who was to go over them, has
just told Mr. Carew that she cannot stay
to-night—she’s going down to Washing-
ton at midnight and has to pack. Will
you help us out—I can show you what
has to be done by going over these with
you for a few minutes?”

  Hatty gasped. Miss Tracy leaving,
and she was being asked to step into her
place, even if it were for only one even-
ing!

  “Why, sure, Mr. Holling. I’ll call up
and tell my mother I’m not cornin’ home
for dinner.”

  “Fine. Don’t worry about your din-
ner—we’ll have that together.”

  Until this evening, Hatty had been a
kind of free lance in the office, a sort of
independently operating bureau of trivial
information and petty emergencies.
Now, for the first time, she was assuming
the importance of a definite cog in the
machinery of Morningfield, Carew &
McCullough.

  “Do you know what I should do if I
were you ?” said Mr. Holling a little later
as they sat in the restaurant. He had

evidenced the craft of his courtship in
this matter of dinner, too. As they went
out together from the office, he had said
to her: “Now, we can only allow our-
selves thirty minutes for dinner. I’ll
regret it more than you wilJ, of course,”
and he had smiled pleasantly. “This is
what I should do if I were you,” he con-
tinued. “I should study business meth-
ods, office detail, and every bit of work
that came my way, as though they were
chapters of some new, racy novel. Miss
Weller, here’s your big chance. Men
are leaving us every day, the girls are
leaving us day and night, and at the same
time, the necessity of the times demands
that we keep right on, speed up, and even
expand. If ever you had a chance, here
it is. Stay with Morningfield, Carew &
McCullough, and the firm will not forget
you, and everything possible will be done
to broaden your opportunities. Do you
know, I think you're an exceptional per-
son. I can speak frankly, can’t I ? Well,
you have had no training worth speaking
of; you’ve never really taken things
seriously, simply because you were never
trained to do so. Now the time has come
when the big chance belongs to those who
are equipped, not with training, but with
ability. Ability, you honestly have. Will
you give nie the opportunity of being
very good friends with you—and of help-
ing you ?”

  He looked with candid gaze across the
table at her.

  “Well—I don’ see exactly how we can
be enemies after that,” she answered.
His offer was worded hardly so much as
an offer as an expression of interest in
her; but there was in his words a warmth
of cordiality that vaguely startled her.

  “Shake hands on it,” he said.

  As she shook hands with him, she
broke into laughter.

  “Say, what is this, a lodge meetin’ o’
the Thirty-first Amalgamated Alliance of
Soft Soapers ?”

  He started somewhat; but his parched
reservoir of humor had been sufficiently
Ferdinand Reyher

75

replenished in the last few weeks to rip-
ple a response to the gust of her sense of
humor.

  “You wait and see what develops be-
fore you try to label this meeting,” he
answered. “You’re going to have a real
career in the business world open out
before you.”

  It was the second time he had used
the magic word “career” in application
to her.

  Hatty did not get Miss Tracy’s job at
once, but the first time she held it for
almost a week before a Miss Silverstein
came to grace Morningfield, Carew &
McCullough with the glittering and
brand new array of commercial arma-
ment she had just purchased with fifty
dollars and a few weeks’ attendance at a
business college. Miss Silverstein had
been in the office only a week when the
well-known roar sounded from old man
Carew office telling the others that Miss
Silverstein was going to Washington.
The old man, fuming out of his private
grotto of wrath a little later, stopped
dead before Hatty and suddenly bel-
lowed at her:

  “Ten thousand cripes now, why don’t
you go to Washington next!”

  “Oh, I guess I’ll stick round a bit,”
she answered unabashed. “You people-
Ve been pretty white t’me.”

  He glared at her, turned on his heel
without another word, and retired to his
burrow. A few minutes later, Mr. Hol-
ling was seen entering old man Carew’s
private office. He came out. went back
to his desk, and another few minutes
elapsing, the old man himself reappeared
and bellowed across the room:

  “Miss Weller! C’m here !”

  Strangely, this time Hatty entered into
old man Carew’s presence with greater
trepidation than upon that memorable
occasion when she went in to take his
dictation.

  “Holling tells me you’re a pretty clever
body. That cost and percentage charting
vou was doing when Miss Tracy left.

didn’t prove no such thing, however;
however, however, Miss Weller, I’ll give
you ’nother chance. I’ll treat you easy
f’r three or four days ; but then—you’ve
got to have that work abs’lutely in hand.
D’ye understand? I’ll give ye till then
t’get onto Miss Tracy’s old work, and
it’s got to be done perfect then.”

  Hatty’s eyes opened wide. Miss Tracy
had been an old employe; she was an ex-
pert typist and stenographer, and al-
though she was never called upon to take
shorthand notes, she had spent on the
average of half of each day in type-
writing.

  “Bu—but, I ain’t no stenographer—I
can’t typewrite—you know that, don’t
you, Mr. Carew?”

  “Know that! Great blazes, do I know
that! O’ course I know that; there ain’t
no such thing as a stenographer left, so
d’ye think I’d think you could be one!
Mr. Holling’s goin’ to tell you what
you got to know about this new work.
There’ll be a lot o’ typin’ to do, and you’ll
have to dictate notes and stuff. What-
ever there is, you give t’ Miss Rosamere.
She’ll be assigned t’you. You’re her boss
now, see!”

  Hatty nearly fainted. Estelle Rosa-
mere, that regal, squirrel-collared blond!
Hatty’s stenographer! Hatty Weller,
boss over Miss Rosamere, the disdainful
Miss Rosamere. In a half trance,. she
rose and wafted herself out of old man
Carew’s office with another dream zephyr
to drift her farther skyward following
her in the form of his last words:

  “But it’s my good advice t’ye to pick
up typewriting and shorthand as speed-
’ly as possible, Miss Weller. Your pay’ll
be twenty-two-fifty, if you make good.”
Hatty made good. For once, life lost
its carnival aspect for her and she en-
listed in the sober ranks of the serious-
minded. It is true that Miss Rosamere
Was unable to stand the preposterous and
ignominous insult to her regal granduer
when asked to consider Harriet Weller
as her immediate superior. But the day
76 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

after Miss Rosamere left, presumably
for Washington, a neat, demure little
creature, named Genevieve Marks, was
engaged as Hatty’s assistant.

  The chances of war, even those behind
the front, and on this side of the Atlan-
tic, have been so variously, fully, and
pertinently described, that it would be
tedious and behind the times merely to
recount the story of Hatty’s steady ac-
quisition of personal ability and import-
ance in the firm of Morningfield, Carew
& McCullough during the year 1918,
Freakish as had been its beginning, both
ability and importance grew together, nor
abated on that great day in November
when Hatty, in company with an office
of enraptured men and women, again
destroyed great quantities of bond paper,
legal size, cutting the white sheets into
small pieces, and giving her assistance
to the creation of that impromptu snow-
storm which, on Armistice Day, whirled
through the canyons of lower Manhattan
from thousands upon thousands of win-
dows.

  It had been an unfolding year for
Hatty. More and more intimate had she
and Mr. Holling become—they were
Hatty and Clarence to each other outside
the office now. In the summer, Mr. Hol-
ling had purchased an automobile. She
was the first invited to ride in it. On
Armistice Day, they rode about the mad,
holiday streets together until late night.
Shortly before midnight, they were din-
ing in a famous chop house in the theat-
rical belt. Mr. Holling, flushed with the
rejuvenating excitement of the day, and
a whole world turned young, bent toward
her, his eyes gleaming. Suddenly, he
drew her hand to his lips and kissed her
slim, cool fingers.

  It was the first time Mr. Holling had
ever touched her with his lips. She knew
he was devoted to her; she was too keen
not to realize that sooner or later his
devotion would no longer be satisfied
with mere arm-in-arm saunterings, mo-
tor rides, pleasant courtesies, theatre

companionships, and so on. Yet this kiss
he set upon her ungloved fingers made
her start strangely. It marked the divid-
ing line between the friend who was fifty
and a lover who was fifty. Mr. Holling
had always been the pattern of respect-
fulness to her; there was a kind of
scrupulous propriety even in the kiss he
had just given her hand. During the
summer, he had taken her several times
to a house he had bought and was re-
modeling in White Plains. Without a
definite hint, without any sentimental in-
nuendoes, he had nevertheless made it
clear to her this was the house to
which, in the next summer, he wished to
bring his wife. In almost a year of in-
timate friendship, he had made himself
years younger through daily companion-
ship with her exuberant youth; it was
indeed a rejuvenated Mr. Holling who
sat across from her now, still tightly
holding her hand. In that year, also, he
had cleverly made her dependent upon
him as she never before had been depend-
ent upon anyone. Mr. Holling had seen
to it that henceforth he should be asso-
ciated in Hatty’s mind with the best
things the most generous future could
bring her, from a modest, but highly ef-
ficient motor car, to a modest, but utterly
sufficient and lovely home in a pretty
suburb. All these things, so expensive in
the market places, were hers—and all he
asked in exchange was merely a com-
modity common enough—her youth; just
her youth.

  Again, he kissed her fingers.

  Youth! That compound of reckless-
ness, impulse, vision, and generosity. For
just a second as his lips pressed upon her
fingers, the memory of another kiss, fer-
vent, rapt, almost religious in its inten-
sity of adoration, came to her, and she
thought of Johnny Lamb. But only for
a second. The man before her had been
her workmate and playmate for so long
that there was on his face the sheen of a
flare-back to youth stolen from her bright
treasure of twenty years.
Ferdinand Reyher

77

  “Hatty!” he said beseechingly across
the table at her.

  Hatty put her other hand over his, and
drew his fingers to her lips, and kissed
them in answer. That night, as he left
her at the door of her home, he kissed
her on, the lips. But still Mr. Holling
was not in a hurry.

  “In spring, dear, when things have
quieted down, we’ll get married, and I’m
going to take you to the little house.”

  The morning after Armistice Day
Hatty received three letters at once from
Johnny Lamb. Simple, forthright notes,
they were; sunshiny, homesick, faithful
Johnny Lamb was his undisguised self
in every line of them. The promise of
world peace again taking form, Hatty
felt a glow of good will to that boy over
in France; a glow which was dampened
only by a vague impression that she had
not—perhaps she hadn’t played him fair.
She couldn’t quite decide how she had
failed him; there was nothing between
them really. A kiss? An implication
that when he v returned he was going to
tell her he loved her ? She shrugged her
shoulders.

  Mr. Burleson had not been kind to
Johnny Lamb in the matter of carrying
the boy’s letters to Hatty. Three or four
of them had been lost; two or three had
arrived so late that they came with the
effect of anti-climaxes, having been pre-
ceded by other notes written later. These
last three, coming in a batch of tender-
ness and outpouring laughter and senti-
ment mixed in the bright concoction that
was Johnny Lamb himself, came also too
late to bring their recipient to that stage
of appreciation for their author to which
she might have been stirred if she had
received them even the night before the
armistice.

  Shortly after receiving news from
Johnny Lamb, the fates arranged a
weird coincidence, whereby Hetty re-
ceived something else. Once again old
man Carew called her into his private
office, and there were present Mr. Hol-

ling, Arthur Routledge, Nathan Burbarg,
Miss Solon, Esther Wingate, and May
O’Reilly. There were also imposing ar-
rays of charted papers, stacks of memo-
randa, and index cards upon the old
man’s desk. When Hatty and May
O’Reilly and Mr. Holling went out to-
gether about two hours later, she realized
that the first great shift in wrenching
back the expanded activities of Morn-
ingfield, Carew & McCullough from a
war basis to a peace footing had taken
place. Of course, the conference that she
had just attended had been no conference
at all; old man Carew,. following some
secret sessions with Mr. Denham, Mr.
Holling and Graff McCullough, had
simply dispersed a flock of new orders.
•But these new orders pointed to reor-
ganization. The big shoprooms on East
Eighteenth Street were to be given over
to some new venture in salesmanship, in
charge of Mr. Denham, who was to leave
the main office. This would put Mr. Hol-
ling second in command in the main of-
fices. Furthermore, in the new division
of the work just assigned them by old
man Carew, Hatty perceived that her
coming duties would be largely those for-
merly Johnny Lamb’s. In fact, she, May
O’Reilly, and Nathan Burbarg together
did the work formerly done by Johnny
Lamb, Miss Tracy, and Dick Bostick,
who left for camp shortly after Johnny
had gone.

  Hatty separated herself from May and
Mr. Holling and drifted through the big
room toward one of the great windows.
She stood there looking out on the No-
vember noon, and suddenly the problem
of Johnny Lamb confronted her as vivid-
ly as the opposite skyscraper. When
Johnny came marching home—what?
She could not suppress a thrill of triumph
at the thought that she had proved herself
as good as he. In fact, when he left his
salary was thirty-two and a half dollars
per week, and Hatty already getting
thirty dollars, was confident that her
wage would again be raised—at least to
78

“Your Job Will Be Waiting WThen You Get Back”

thirty-five. When Johnny came march-
ing home—what? She felt a new, in-
tense love for the work. She felt at that
minute she would fight to hold it. Not
even to be Mrs. Clarence Holling would
she give it up. Under Mr. Holling’s edu-
cational promptings she had read articles
on “Woman’s Work After the War,”
and had listened to several exceedingly
plausible women preachers whose eternal
text was:

  “What the women have gained during
the war, they do not intend to relinquish
in peace”

  She had become well acquainted with
the magic word “career,” and even the
phrase “women’s rights, social, civil, and
political” had no terrors for her. When
Johnny came marching home-—what?

  That night, when Mr. Holling bent to
kiss her, as they stood before her door,
she again thought incongruously enough,
of Johnny Lamb. Involuntarily, she
turned her head slightly so that the kiss
fell on her cheek.

  On Thanksgiving Day Mr. Holling
presented her with a handsome nutria fur
coat, with a wolf collar. It was his most
sumptuous present to her; so sumptuous
indeed that it almost alarmed her mother.
But that lady, who had as much of what
was once fondly termed “parental con-
trol” over her daughter as a weather vane
has over the winds, wisely said nothing.
On Christmas, Mr. Holling outdid the
fur coat with a flawless solitaire which,
with a little speech, reassured Mrs. Wel-
ler, Senior, and the engagement of Har-
riet Weller to Clarence Holling was
thereby announced to the family.

Ill

  Then, Johnny did come marching
home.

  It was a beautiful April day, with the
world swathed in a delicious softness as
delicate as lavender tulle. Hatty saw him
almost first of all; and he certainly, for

the moment, saw no one else in the big
outer office but her. Swiftly, he went to
her and took both her hands.

  “Hatty!” he whispered, as he gripped
her fingers.

  She looked up into his wide, blue, sun-
shiny eyes; a whirl of panic seizing her.
Suddenly something in her heart seemed
to break away from the moorings to
which she had tied herself with Mr. Hol-
ling’s aid—and she had the impression of
staggering out into a great storm-bound
void. The actual, corporeal Johnny Lamb
was so much more vital than her memory
of him!

  “Hello, my hero!” she giggled, afraid
that he would kiss her, afraid that he
would not; baffled by both fears.

  The comparatively few men and women
who had been in the office when he had
worked there crowded round him to her
relief, and it was fully a half hour before
he reached the door of old man Carew’s
private office. Mr. Holling stood there.

  “I wan’ to see the ol’—Mr. Carew,”
said Johnny.

  “He’s out now, Lamb. Is there any-
thing I can do for you?”

  There was a cool edge of antagonism
in Mr. Holling’s voice.

  “Out? When’ll he be back?”
  “Sometime this afternoon.”

  “Where’s Mr. Denham?”

  “He’s not in this office any longer. He
has charge of the Eighteenth Street
building.” Mr. Holling scrutinized, with
an almost impersonal dislike, the well-
built, tanned boy in uniform before him.
“Is there anything I can do for you ?” he
repeated.

  “Well, it’s jus’ this. I don’ wan’ to
waste any time. I’ve got my discharge,
and I wan’ to start right in again. D’ye
think Mr. Carew ’11 wan’ me t’ c’m in
the mornin’?”

  Mr. Holling coughed slightly.

  “Well, Lamb, you see, it’s this way,” he
said softly. “I rather think there’s no
vacancy here just now—in fact, I know
there isn’t. We’ve taken one or two of
Ferdinand Reyher

79

the men back, but the work has been so
radically changed, and the whole place so
reorganized, that we’ve been unable to
give quite a number of the others their
old places. You see, it wouldn’t be fair to
those who have learned the game in the
meantime.”

  With open-mouthed incredulity, John-
ny Lamb looked up at him.

  “No vacancy just now! You haven’t
taken the ol’ boys back? It wouldn’t be
fair—fair to them that’s taken our
places ?”

  “I’m sorry, of course—”

  “I can’t get my old place back ?—Why,
the ol’—Mr. Carew promised me my
job’d be waitin’ for me here when I got
back, Mr. Holling.”

  “Unfortunately, Mr. Carew himself
could not have foretold, at that time, the
extent of the changes that would take
place.”

  “Who’s got my job?”

  “Well, no one person, Lamb. It’s
really been split up and joined with other
jobs. Miss Weller, for example, is doing
one part of it.”

  “D’ye mean to sav Hatty's got my
job?”

  “Part of it.”

  Turning abruptly on his heel, Johnny
went over to Hatty.

  “Hatty, will you have lunch with me?”
he asked. She noticed a determined tilt
to his chin.

  She had promised Mr. Holling that
morning to lunch with him, so she mo-
mentarily hesitated.

  “Yes,” she said finally.

  As abruptly as he had left Mr. Holling,
Johnny now turned and left Hatty. He
went down to the street, bought himself
a package of cigarettes, half smoked
three of them, and went back for Hatty.
In the hallway, he met Harry Beddoes,
who had also been in France, and was
now back in his old place in the office.

  “How’d you slip in?” Johnny asked
him curiously.

  “Ain’t they takin’ you back?”

6—l. s.

 “Nope. No vacancy at present—
’t wouldn’ be fair to them that suffered
here while I was in France, see?”

  “You’re the fifth they turned down.
Ned Hawkins, Abe, Lil Cutey Cunning-
ham, Rudens, an’ you. Oh, an’ Frank
Boydelle, too.”

  “Why, the ol’ man hisself promised
me my job back.”

  “Well, what’re ye goin’ do ’bout it ?”
  “Get another one, I guess.”

  Beddoes laughed raucously.

  “Y’are, are ye? Guess again! Ye got
a fat chance, ol’ timer. This burg’s been
gone through with a fine-toothed back-
comb a million times by every doughboy
in ten divisions. We got all the khaki in
the world here now, an’ more of ’em
cornin’ each day. Jobs’re rarer’n beef-
steaks in France. Everybody, most, I
know is out a job.”

  “I heard ’bout it in France already; but
I never thought the ol’ man’d renege on
his word.”

  “They’re goin’ at top speed, and you’re
jus’ as green as a pickle to ’em now, bein’
’way so long, they figger, an’ it’d take
you days to catch up, and they’d be
losin’ all the time on ye, they figger, I
guess. Ye can’t hate ’em for that,” said
Beddoes, with the smug judicial air of
the securely placed.

  “I can’t, can’t I!” exclaimed Johnny.
“I went over there for fun, I guess. I
went over there so’s they could wallop
me from in back, eh! I’ll see if I can’t
hate ’em for that!”

  He stalked into the outer office feeling
as though he would like to pitch Mr.
Holling out of the window and follow
that gentleman’s flight with a few well-
chosen selections from the rest of the
firm. Hatty was waiting for him, a hu-
man tempest of emotions—puzzled at
his sudden departure before; wondering
vaguely if he really intended to come
back for her; hoping he wouldn’t; hoping
he would ; fearing their meeting; praying
for it. She had told Mr. Holling of
Johnny’s luncheon invitation. Shrewdly,
80 “Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back”

Mr. Holling had urged her to go. He
had no intention of enhancing the at-
tractiveness of any rival by putting forth
objections that Hatty, in all probability,
would not have regarded. Moreover,
Mr. Holling had seen that the boy was
raw with disappointment, and this, with
all the coaching he had given Hatty on
the importance of her job and her career,
promised to create a situation that would
make of this luncheon the last occasion
that Johnny Lamb and Hatty Weller
would have for any confidences. He
even went out before Johnny returned.

  As the two sat in the furthest corner
of the somewhat out-of-the-way tea room
to which Johnny had led her, he sensed
the change in Hatty. But more import-
ant than this, for the first time, he recog-
nized a change in himself. He had gone
away Johnny Lamb; he had come back
Johnny Lamb; but between coming back
and this moment something had hap-
pened. There is really no such thing as
class consciousness in America, but the
war has created this: a pal consciousness
and an age consciousness. Men who
have stood tiptoe on the brink of hell for
over a year, in company with thousands
of their fellows of similar viewpoint—
Americans all—have become imbued
with the sense of the cohesiveness of
youth and laughter and similar ambitions.
He felt all this now. As he sat there
facing the problem he had never dreamed
would be his—the problem of his right
to work, which involved the goodwill and
the pledged word of the nation itself to
safeguard his interests while he was
away guarding the safety of the nation—
Johnny Lamb felt that he was not alone,
but that he represented a million others;
that he was spokesman for every lad in
sea-going blue and Flanders mud khaki;
and when he did speak his very voice was
deeper, vibrant with the massed volume
of inaudible other voices.

  It was not until the gap that preceded
their dessert that he said:

  “Holling told me this morning that the

old man wouldn't give me back my job.
That there ain’t no vacancies, and that
it wouldn’t be fair to chuck out anybody
who suffered in my place while I was off
takin’ a trip for m’ health. What d’you
think ’bout it, Hatty?”

  He watched her keenly across the
table. He noted the air of new effective-
ness about her.

  “Think about it?” she repeated, a little
startled. She, too, sensed the change
that had taken place in him since his first
impulsive, two-handed greeting of her
when he had come into the office less than
three hours before. Perceiving that she
had been thinking about it, he leaned to-
ward her, awaiting her words as though
they would have the true stamp of final-
ity upon them.

  “It’s a give an’ take proposition, isn’t
it, Johnny? We—new people came in,
gave up old comforts and everything, and
took a hand at helpin’ when the country
was desp’rate. They deserve some con-
sideration, don’ you think? They did
their share, and now d’ye wan’ to turn
’em out, an’ tell ’em to beat it and starve
or somethin’ jus’ because ^a few men
can’t find other jobs?”

  As he listened to her, a cold weight
fell for a moment upon the sunshiny
heart of Johnny Lamb. Then it van-
ished. This was not Hatty’s voice that
he heard. The words came hard and
dry, cool and merciless, selfish and, if |
words can be blind, they had a quality of
sightlessness about them. He merely
looked at her as though she were a
stranger.

  “This is the period of reconstruction,
Johnny,” continued the flaying, cruel,
young voice, with the intonation of one
reciting a selection—for Hatty was un-
consciously quoting Mr. Holling in ef-
fect. “An’ periods of reconstruction al-
ways make it stiff for some people. But
don’t you see, the last year was a reg’lar
record breaker. All sorts o’ things was
happ’nin’ to business: new changes, new
workers, new methods—an’ you’d have
Ferdinand Reyher

81

to begin all over again like a green hand
see; an’ more’n that—you can’t talk ’bout
gettin’ your old job back, ’cause there
ain’t no such thing as your old job left,

see?”

  He merely looked at her.

  “Where’d ye study that?” he asked, al-
most gently. “There’s somethin’ in your
voice that sounds jus’ like that double
entry dose o’ patent business medicine
up in the office named Holling.”

  She flushed furiously and shifted in
her chair.

  “More’n that,” her voice was higher
with determination not to be belittled, “it
ain’t fair to them what’s made a career
for themselves now in business; with all
sorts o’ chances openin’ out ahead of
’em; for them to drop right out now like
they was just part time substitutes.”

  His fingers tightened into two hard
fists. He leaned his bulk on the table.

  “Hatty — Hatty,” he almost com-
manded, “you got my job! Give it back
to me!”

  She looked at him, startled for a mo-
ment, and then her fingers, too, curled
into a firm little ball.

  “Your job!” she excliamed. “Your
job! Where d’ye get that notion? Tel-
lin’ me what to give up! Didn’t I earn
it, givin’ up just as much as you did?”
“Give up as much as I did! What’d
you ever stand to lose? Nothing! You’ve
got a father and mother to take care o’
you; I got a mother an’ kid sister to take
care of, and I’m goin’ to take care o’ you!
It wasn’t even patriotism that brought
you down to the office—it was easy
money, an’—’scuse me, Hatty, for men-
tionin’ it—a helluvalotta nerve ! I’m not
ever goin’ to kick against those wimmen
an’ girls that’ve got others to look out
for now, holdin’ down our jobs; but
who’d you ever have to look out for ’cept
yourself ?”

  “I guess you think my career don’
amount to anything at all, eh ?”

  “Your what!” he snorted.

  “My—my career!”

  “Rats!” he exploded. “Your career!
With a thousand men home a day who’ve
been tacklin’ doomsday at thirty bucks a
month minus, so’s you could keep on
chewin’ gum and powderin’ your nose,
and you’re talkin’ ’bout a career, when
they’re runnin’ the streets now lookin’
for somethin’ to help ’em keep their
womenfolks again!”

  “I—I ain’t no—no baby, you talkin’
like this to me!” she stammered, reaching
for her gloves and pushing back from
the table.

  His hand closed over hers and held it
with the grip which had held the rifle he
had borne for her for sixteen months.

  “No, you’re not! Not before I tell you
one more thing right off the bat, any-
how! You an’ me’s been apart too long,
an’ it ain’t goin’ to happin again!” he said
in a voice that held her in her chair.
“I heard ’bout this job-snatchin’ over in
France already, an’ I wanna put you
right, so’s you can tell some of your girl
friends the story. Beddoes told me up
in the office a little while ago that jobs
is so thick here that a feller could go out
hikin’ the offices for one for three
months, an’ the only thing he’d get would
be blisters. You know what’s goin’ to
happen from all this? This is what’s
goin’ to happin—you’re goin’ to turn a
man’s army into panhandlers and crooks,
an’ all round blue hell’s goin’ to happin,
and happin soon!”

  His blue eyes flashed with a transcend-
ent wrath as he leaned, white and tense,
toward her. He seemed to be speaking
at her as though she were the Nation, not
merely little Hatty Weller; and some-
how it shook her as though her soul were
caught in a gale, and to her he appeared
to grow larger and even threatening.

  “It was me—me what cinched your job
for you one day up there in the office,
when you didn’t even have a job, only
luck. An’ now, you’d have the real laugh
on me, wouldn’t you, if I wasn’t goin’ to
marry you!”

 “Marry me? Why—I—I—you jus’
82'

Conventional

wanna marry me for my job!” she
blurted, slandering her own insight.

  “Ferget it! I gave you more’n any
job, Hatty; I gave you sixteen months
of all my dreamin,,,, he said simply.

  Something in her throat caught as he
spoke, and suddenly Mr. Clarence Hol-
ling, even with the favorable reflection
cast from his automobile and remodeled
house, looked all of his fifty years to
Hatty. All of his kisses then seemed the
frosty peckings of a belated passion,
against the memory of that one indubita-
ble kiss the boy before her had once
given her. With eyelids blinking, she
looked down and opened her handbag.
She took out the ring she never wore at
the office but put on only at night when
Mr. Holling took her to dinner or the
theatre. She was feminine enough to
hold it out so that he might be impressed
properly by its sparkle.

  “There!” she whispered, in what she
meant for defiance, but which was mere-
ly confusion. “I’m—I’m engaged to Mr.
Holling!”

  “You’re—what!”

  “Engaged to Mr. Holling.” Her voice
was even lower.

  He looked at her steadily for almost
a minute without moving. Slowly, some-
thing like a trickle of sunshine filtered
back into his blue eyes, and a smile
spread over his face.

  “Let me see it,” he said.

  He took it, and holding it in one hand,
felt in the pocket of his tunic with the

other. He brought forth a little green
box and opened it. A diamond glittered
in the slotted bed of the tiny casket.
With a recently acquired connoisseurship
he coolly compared the two jewels. Fi-
nally, he held out Mr. Holling’s diamond
and squinted critically at it, turning it so
it flashed in the light.

  “It’s a beauty, I’ll hand him that,” he
said judicially. “Maybe, it’s a little bet-
tern’n the one you’re gone to wear now;
but when I get his job, I’ll give you one
that’ll make it look like a piece out of a
plate glass window.”

  He drew her left hand to him, and as
though he had spent a lifetime slipping
on engagement rings, he placed his dia-
mond ring on her third finger. His own
fingers went fumbling in the pocket of
his tunic again.

  “In about two hours, you’ll be wearin’
this,” he said, holding out a plain gold
ring, “and then you’ll come back to the
office with me, and while I start in again
on the job what’s been waitin’ for me till
I got back, you’ll hand ol’ double entry
his solitaire.”

  As their hands came together, two
tears of gladness glistened in Hatty’s
eyes, and then some way she got her fin-
gers free of his, and—

  “Gee, Johnny!” she exclaimed. “Can
you beat it! Look how it fits !”

  There, on the principal finger of a
girl’s left hand, the plain gold band al-
ready gleamed sedately beside the bluish
flame of Johnny’s diamond.

CONVENTIONAL

By Frederick Moxon

J ^AST night a girl banged into me,
(The wind was wild and wet)
To-day she would not speak to me
Because we “hadn’t met.”
The Long Arm in the Clearing

By Robert Shirley

JUST around a bend of the cypress-
grown point, we came full upon
a house half hidden in the cane-
brakes. The silences of the Great Dis-
mal Swamp lent an air of unreality to
this human habitation. A house, in that
place, was as incongruous as a telephone
in Pharaoh’s palace. The negro lad who
had rowed me ran his skiff alongside
the splintered plank that served for a
landing stage, and I stepped ashore. "
“Dis heah’s de place,” he muttered,
and began hurriedly backing his boat
into the canal. The sun had fallen low
behind the trees, and the lad was fearful
that darkness would find him still in
the mazes of the swamp. I threw a
silver dollar into the skiff and started
up the weed-grown pathway to the house.

  As I mounted the crumbling steps,
one of these gave way, and I caught
quickly at the rickety rail to steady my-
self. This, too, splintered under my
•hand, and I leaped back to the ground.
Then I observed that the front door was
barred by two rough boards nailed across
it, and heavy spider webs crossed and
recrossed from board to lintel and post.
As I forced my way through the tall
weeds, I gazed curiously at the ruin
of rot and decay, wondering what had
possessed my friend, Jim Curtis, to come
to such an uninviting place, and why
he had sent for me in such a hurry. I
pulled the letter from my pocket and
looked at it again. It read:

Dear Tom:

  The nigger who takes you this will guide
you back to me. I’ve run across a mystery
that is more in your line, as a prosecuting at-
torney, than in mine. Besides, it’s getting on

my nerves. Bring a couple of guns with you
and come.

  The darkness was beginning to close
in quite rapidly, and I was not particu-
larly enamored of the prospect. To be
somewhere in the middle of the Great
Dismal Swamp at seven in the evening,
in the midst of a silence that could be
cut with a knife; to have the messenger
who had conveyed me hither prove as
communicative as a broiled lobster, and
to have him depart as if he were afraid
disaster would overtake him if he de-
layed, was sufficiently disconcerting, but
to find no trace of the man I had come
to see was annoying.

  I made up my mind to investigate ‘the
place while the light still held, and with
this idea in mind I turned toward the
kitchen, or L, that leaned for support
against the main building. To one side,
as I walked % forward, I noticed a cir-
cular plantation of trees, close set. I
judged them to be tamarack. They grew
probably to the height of fifteen feet, and
bore evidence of having been, at one
time, carefully tended and clipped. The
foliage was so dense, and they were set
so close with their interlacing branches,
that they formed a wall as impenetrable
as that of a citadel. I wondered idly
what they could enclose, for they were
not over fifteen feet from the house.

  “Hello, Jim! Hello, Jim Curtis!” I
called loudly, and walked on toward the
kitchen. Some distance off in the swamp,
I heard crashing, then the sharp bark of
a dog, followed by a man’s voice.

  “Hello!” echoed the voice, and I
turned to the opening that gave access to

83
84

The Long Arm in the Clearing

the dense thicket. A moment later Cur-
tis, accompanied by a nondescript hound
and carrying a shotgun, came into view.
From his hand dangled a brace of ducks.

  “I’m glad you came,” he said soberly,
shaking hands. “More glad than you
can imagine,” he finished significantly.

  There was a furtive look in his eyes,
and I noted that he glanced nervously
about him as we approached the house.
It was as if the gloom of the place had
got into his blood.

  “What’s the mystery, and why are you
here ?” I asked sharply. “The last I
heard, you were in Richmond, organiz-
ing a power company.”

  “Help me chuck together something
to eat and I’ll spin you the yarn after-
ward,” he answered, kicking open the
ramshackle kitchen door as we came to
it. “Some of it I can give you, maybe,
while you pick the feathers off one of
those ducks.” He applied a match to
the wic'k of an oil lamp standing on a
table.

  I stood looking curiously about the
place, while Curtis set about building a
fire in the stove.

  “What’s that circular clump of trees
for out there?” I asked, as I peeled off
coat and waistcoat.

  “I don’t know,” he answered shortly.
“Pete—that’s the dog here—doesn’t ap-
prove of it, though. He growls and
sticks his back up every time he passes
it. A ’coon probably lives there. Throw
me that box of matches.”

  During the process of preparing sup-
per, Curtis told me that he had always
known he had an uncle somewhere in
the south of Virginia, but never having
seen him, had paid little attention to
the relationship. He had recalled hear-
ing his father speak of a brother, a
naturalist, who lived the life of a recluse,
and that the old gentleman seemed de-
liberately to have cut himself off from
this family to pursue his researches. Cur-
tis was more than a little surprised, there-
fore, when, one morning of the week

before, he had received a letter, signed
with his uncle’s name, asking him to
come and visit for a day or two on a
matter of some importance.

  “The letter rambled a little, and spoke
vaguely of something that would aston-
ish the scientific world,” said Curtis.
“I’ll show it to you later on, if you like.
Anyway, having a vacation due, a few
days ago, I packed a bag and came out
here to see the old chap.”

  “Here?” I echoed, startled. “Then,
where’s the uncle?”

  “Ah, there’s the mystery,” he replied,
and I caught the apprehension in his
tones. “We’ll talk about that a little
later on. It’s something that I believe
will be pretty sure to stir up the brain
reactions of the prosecuting attorney of
Pasquotank County in a way that will do
him a lot of good.”

  “For your information, the said at-
torney feels he has about all the mental
exercise he wants in the ordinary tasks
of his office,” I replied. “I’ve noticed
that North Carolina counties seem to
find enough for their officials to do with-
out going outside said counties.”

“Huh!” retorted Curtis. “This isn’t
outside. This section of the Swamp is in
your county. So it’s up to you, anyway.”
After the supper had been cleared off,
Curtis went straight to the point.

  “My uncle’s name is Henry Curtis,”
he said. “As I told you in the note,
there’s a mystery here that is worth tak-
ing hold of. Anyway, it has given me
half a dozen good hard thrills in the few
days Pve been here. As a starter, I’d
like to find my uncle.”

  “Where has he gone?” I asked.
“That’s the reason I sent for you,”
Curtis answered. “As I told you, I
packed a bag and came down here when
I got his letter. The same nigger who
brought you brought me, and he was
afraid to come ashore. Said there were
devils here. However, the vital fact is
that when I got here not a sign of my
good uncle’s presence could I find, nor
Robert Shirley

85

have I been able to find any trace of
him since. That was three days ago.
Then, there’s that infernal dog. He
won’t let me out of sight, and shivers
as he’s doing now, as soon as the sun
goes down.”

  I looked at the dog. He was crouched
close against Curtis’ leg, shaking as with
an ague.

  “Perhaps the old gentleman went away
on a little trip, not expecting you so
soon,” I suggested. “As for the dog,
he may be sick.”

  Curtis scratched a match on the table
and lighted his pipe.

  “Gentlemen invariably go away on
little trips without clothing,” he re-
marked. “They always get out of their
beds, leave their shoes beside a chair,
their watch on a table, ticking, and their
doors bolted on the inside.”

  I sat up quickly, and the dog howled
mournfully.

  “The door bolted on the—are you
sure ?” I asked, and he grinned ironically.

  “Bring that lamp with you and I’ll
show you,” he answered. “Come this
way.”

  He pushed open the door that led into
the house proper. I followed him, and
the dog squeezed through between^ my
legs as if afraid to be left alone.

  “See that?” asked my friend, with a,
look at the animal.

  We walked down a short hall that
smelled old and mildewed, and stopped
before another door.

  “This is where the old man slept,”
Curtis remarked/ taking the lamp from
me. He turned the knob and pushed
the door open. As he did so, the dog
growled savagely, and looking at him, I
could see the hair rising along his spine,
while his fangs showed white.

  “Come on, Pete,” said Tom to him,
but the dog backed away and crouched
close against the wall outside. He would
not enter the room. Curtis pushed at
him with his foot, but the animal snarled
viciously and snapped at him.

  “Let him alone,” I said, and with
Curtis entered the old man’s chamber.

  “When I got here,” said my friend,
putting down the lamp on the old-fash-
ioned bureau, “the door was bolted on
the inside, as I told you. The window
was open about two feet, and the dog
was in the room, howling. When I had
tried the door and found it locked, I
went outside and climbed through the
window. As soon as I opened the door,
the dog nished out as if he had been
frightened half to death.” \

  “How long ago was that?” I asked.
Outside in the dark passage, I could see
the dog’s eyes shining.

  “Three days ago,” was the answer.
“The poor beast was half starved, of
course. Ever since, he’s shivered at
night, just as you see him.”

  “But why didn’t he jump out of the
window?” I asked. “That would have
been easy for him.”

  “Answer me that and I’ll make you
a present,” replied Curtis. “Look here.
You see I’ve left everything just as it
was, save that I unbolted the door. Here
are my uncle’s things, evidently just as
he removed them. His clothes neatly
folded over the chair here, as you see.
His collar, tie, and scarf pin on the
bureau; shoes, socks, etc., on the floor
beside the bed. Handkerchief and book
within easy reach, and his watch on the
small stand as you see it. Everything
as methodical as you would expect from
a man who has been doing the same thing
for years.”

  I glanced about the room and found
everything as Curtis had described it.
The open window again attracted my at-
tention.

  “Why should a man have left his room
by the window when he could have gone
by the door, and why would he leave
without his clothes?” I muttered.

  “Exactly,” agreed Jim, “and that is
why I’ve sent for you. I tell you, there’s
a mystery here; even if the dog didn’t
act the way he does.”
86

The Long Arm in the Clearing

  I glanced outside into the passage and
was confronted by the glowing eyes.
Seized with an idea, I walked through
the door and stooped down as if to pat
the animal. He was deceived, and when
my hand was close enough, I grabbed him
by the collar and flung him headlong
into the room. With a howl of anguish,
the poor brute, terror-stricken, dashed
back again into the passage and crouched
against the wall.”

  “That’s queer,” I said to myself. “Very
queer. What is there in this room to
frighten him so?”

  “Outside, he’s just as friendly as can
be,” Curtis said. “He’s just what a
hound usually is, but in the house here,
he won’t be left alone a minute. He’s
as skittish and frightened as an old
maid.”

  “What have you done since you landed
here, Jim?” I asked.

  He did not answer me until he had
closed the bedroom door and we had
returned to the kitchen. The dog had
huddled close beside our legs as we
walked down the short passage, and now
he flung himself, with what might have
passed for a canine sigh of relief, be-
fore the fire, close against my friend.

  “I’ve searched about generally,” said
Jim. “You see, when I first came, I
thought, just as you suggested, that
Uncle Henry had simply gone off on one
of his little expeditions, not expecting
me to come down quite so quickly, and
that he would return when he got ready.”
“But the dog in the room?” I queried.
“Why, I supposed he had forgotten
the animal, or was in a hurry when he
went away. I’ll confess it did not at
the moment strike me as an ordinary
thing to do, for down here a man usually
takes a dog with him; later on, I began
to wonder why the dog didn’t jump out
of the window. Since then, I’ve gone
everywhere within a reasonable radius,
searching for some trace of Uncle
Henry.”

  “And you’ve found nothing?”

 “Not a hint of him. To be frank
with you, I hardly expected to, for as
I pointed out, a man doesn’t go off on
excursions with no clothing. Save for
his night shirt, I’m sure the old man
was as guiltless of clothing as the day
he came into the world. The thing’s a
mystery, Drake.”

  Now, I’m quite convinced that there
is no such thing in life as a real mystery.
The term is purely a relative one, and
the only reason for the use of the word
in connection with any event is the ab-
sence of all the facts. I was sure either
that Curtis had not given me all the
facts, or that he did not know them.
It was therefore up to me to ascertain
them as best I could. As may be guessed,
by this time I was keenly alive to the
interesting elements in the situation, and
entirely outside of my friendship for
Curtis, it was apparent that it was my
duty to run this thing down to its logical
explanation.

  “Did the old gentleman live here
alone?” I asked when I had gone over
the main facts as I knew them.

  “Why, there’s another angle of it that
I forgot to tell you,” Curtis answered.
“There seems to have been an old Scotch-
man, named MacGregor, who lived here
with Uncle Henry, but he’s gone too, it
seems.”

  “You’d better tell me all you know,”
I said a little ironically. “For instance,
just how much do you know of your
uncle’s habits?”

  “Next to nothing. As I told you, I
think I’ve never seen him. He’s a re-
cluse, in a way. You’ll understand bet-
ter when I tell you that he and Luther
Burbank were born and brought up to-
gether in Lancaster, Massachusetts, and
their tastes ran in the same channels.
Uncle Henry was always experimenting
with flowers and plants and things. I’ve
been told that he had some queer ideas
about the relationship between plants
and animals; in fact, that he was in-
clined to the opinion that plants were
Robert Shirley

87

really of the animal kingdom, and had,
through lack of appropriate nourish^-
ment, fallen into an atrophic condition.
A fellow named Belding has endorsed
that since, I’m told. Anyway, he be-
lieved this Swamp to be the best place
to experiment on any such theories as
he had, and he came here years ago. He
had an idea that the conditions here ap-
proached those of the world in the period
of the great mammals. I don’t know
enough about it to tell you more than
that, but over there you’ll find a shelf
filled with books on the subject. From
the look of them, the old boy studied
them pretty thoroughly.”

  I arose and approached the shelf. The
books were old and well worn. I pulled
down the first one I came to. It was
Darwin’s “The Power of Movement in
Plants.” I put it back and took down
the next. Again it was Darwin. “Ef-
fects of Cross and Soil Fertilization.”
The rest were of a similar character,
and I returned to my seat.

  “Then he experimented with plants?”
I queried.

  “There’s a greenhouse, or forcing
house, back in the clearing a couple of
hundred feet,” Curtis answered. “The
place is filled with queer looking things.”
“I’ll have a look at it to-morrow,”
I decided instantly. “Now, about this
man, MacGregor. Who told you about
him?”

  “Ben Biggotty, the boy who brought
you here.”

  “What did he say?”

  “Very little. He doesn’t care for the
Scotchman. Few negroes do, I imagine.
MacGregor has thrashed him, probably,
or something like that. At any rate,
there is no love lost between them. As
to what has become of the man, I have
no idea. From what Biggoty tells me,
MacGregor went away, as he does two
or three times a year, ten days ago.”
“I’d like to have a look at this man,
MacGregor,” I said half to myself after
a few moment’s thought.

  “It’s a pleesure ye’ll be havin’ th’ noo,
then,” said a harsh, rasping voice almost
at my elbow. Both of us started as if
we had been shot, to find a tall, red-
bearded man in shooting clothes stand-
ing in the kitchen. The door was wide
open. As we jumped to our feet, he
came a step further into the room.

  “An’ who may ye be?” he inquired
with a keen glance at each.

  “It seems to me that if explanations
are in order, it might be well to begin
with yours,” remarked Curtis q;uietly.
“That will keep us occupied for a time.
Where’s Mr. Curtis?”

  The other man smiled and let a heavy
knapsack slip from his shoulders to the
floor.

  “I ken ye noo,” he replied. “Ye’ll
be th’ auld mon’s nephew fra’ oop
Reechmon’ way. But wha’s yer fren’?”
By this time it had dawned on me who
our caller was. The man MacGregor,
of course, returned from his trip afield,
and I stepped forward.

  “I’m the prosecuting attorney of this
county, Mr. MacGregor,” I answered
for myself. “I’m here in my official ca-
pacity to investigate the disappearance
of Mr. Henry Curtis.”

  The Scotchman stared, with dropping
jaw.

  “Deesappearance!” he echoed blankly.
“Is he no here?”

  “Unfortunately, no,” I replied. “His
nephew, Mr. James Curtis, whom you
see here, has been in the house three
days, and has been able to find no trace
of his uncle.”

  The blue eyes of the Scot sought those
of my friend and held them. The scru-
tiny lasted several seconds. Then he
sighed deeply.

  “Forbye he’s gone explorin*,” he said
quietly. “He’s for doin’ that noo an’
agen.”

  “Mr. Curtis left without his clothes,”
I observed. “There is a deep mystery
here, Mr. McGregor.”

  I noticed that the dog was fawning
88

J	, ■

The Long Arm in the Clearing

upon the boots of the new arrival. It
was apparent that the dog recognized
the man as a friend, and I’ll own that
this went far to remove any suspicions
I might have had of him. The animal
evinced none of the fear that seemed
to possess him at the sight of the room
in which the tragedy—if it were a
tragedy—had occurred.

  Curtis explained to McGregor the
events that had transpired since he had
received the letter from his uncle asking
him to visit the Swamp, and together
we outlined for the Scot the situation as
to the apparent conditions accompanying
Mr. Curtis’ disappearance. It was when
we touched upon the actions of the dog
that MacGregor evinced alarm. To con-
vince him, we were compelled to take
the dog back to the room where he could
witness its terror with his own eyes.

  “’Tis verra queer,” he murmured, as
if to himself. “T* beastie wad ne’er
leave yon room wi’out his maister. Noo
he’ll no enter it. I fear ye’er richt when
ye speir there’s a great meestery here.”
“We both feel that something mysteri-
ous has occurred in that room,” I said.
“Mr. Curtis evidently left in his night
garments.”

 “Aye, aye,” answered MacGregor.
“An’ that’s no like him eyether. A great
mon for dress, he was.”

  To cut across the corners of descrip-
tion and get down to the plain facts, I
may say that while at first I had a sus-
picion that MacGregor might have made
away with his employer, the man him-
self proved to be a kindly, whole-souled
individual of more than ordinary intelli-
gence. A naturalist by temperament and
inclination, he had associated himself
with Henry Curtis fifteen years before,
when they had met in New Orleans,
both en route for South America. Find-
ing him of kindred tastes, Mr. Curtis
had invited the Scot to enter his employ,
nominally as a secretary, but actually as
a co-worker. The friendship had proved
a permanent one of mutual respect and

liking. For three years they had traveled
together in the southern continent, and
had come back loaded with theories and
strange specimens.

  “A great mon, Henry Curtis,” com-
mented MacGregor at last. “He had
ideas that wad startle the world, were
they known.”

  We talked until nearly midnight. It
was decided that I should occupy the
room from which Henry Curtis had dis-
appeared, as we had come to believe.

  “For heaven’s sake don’t stay there
if you have any feeling about it,” said
Curtis. “The thing’s queer enough as
it is.”

  “To tell you the truth, I’m so infernal-
ly tired that I doubt if any weird sugges-
tion could keep me awake,” I answered.
“I see no reason why I shouldn’t stay
there. And to-morrow we’ll take a look
at the greenhouse, MacGregor. By the
way, I’m curious to know what’s inside
that ring of tamarack trees out there.”

  The Scotchman looked at me strangely.

  “Ye’ve no been inveestigatin’ there-
abouts, I’d say,” he commented.

  “Why, no. I just wondered what it
was, that’s all,” I returned, and specu-
lated on the oddity of his manner. H$
turned away, but returned to us.

  “Did ye experience any queer—any
phenomena thot struck ye as peculiar
aboot th’ place, noo?” he asked.

  “Nothing since I’ve been here,” an-
swered Curtis. “Mr. Drake arrived only
this evening. “Come to think of it, I
have heard some noises that sounded
like—like a great rope being dragged
about, at night.”

  “Aye,” MacGregor muttered. “Aye,
there’d be thot, mayhap, wi’ th’ auld mon
gone three days. Aye, yes.” He
turned away, tugging at his red beard.

  I’ll not pretend that the strangeness
of the Scotchman’s manner did not im-
press me, but also I was so nearly dead
for sleep that I felt if I did not soon
get to bed I’d topple over onto the floor.
Whatever dulled suspicions I may have
Robert Shirley

89

had, I decided would keep profitably un-
til to-morrow, when I could tackle them
with a clear head. MacGregor lighted
another lamp and handed it to me.

  “I’m sleeping here on these blankets
in the kitchen,” said Curtis. “Yours is
that room on the other side of the cor-
ridor across from Uncle’s, I presume,
Mr. MacGregor.”

  “Aye, thot’s mine,” answered the
other, “an’ I’ll be seekin’ it, wha’s more.”

  With a brief good night, he picked
up his knapsack and left us. The dog
followed him to the door, stopped, looked
back, then decided to remain with Curtis,
and curled himself up on a corner of
the blanket. I yawned again and wished
my friend good night.

  Inside Mr. Curtis’ room, I barely
glanced about, for I wished nothing so
much as to get my clothes off and close
my eyes. I think I was not above five
minutes in getting between the covers.
I did not close the door, nor the window.
While the night was chill, it was not
uncomfortable, and I like plenty of fresh
air.

  Almost at once, I began to dream. I
dreamed that Ben Biggoty was trying to
row me away from the house, and that
MacGregor had a rope tied around my
waist and was trying to pull me out of
the boat and into the water. I struggled
mightily, and then with a strong heave
he had me over the side of the boat.
Instead of the cold plunge I expected,
however, the water was unconscionably
hard, for I struck it with a bump. That
waked me instantly, and I found that
it was no dream. I had been dragged
off the bed and onto the floor, and the
rope was about my shoulders. Even as
consciousness returned, I found myself
being dragged toward the window, and
with all the power of my lungs, I shouted
aloud. My arms were lashed to my
sides, but with herculean effort, I suc-
ceeded in freeing one of them, and tore
fiercely at the bond that gripped and
dragged me. It felt like slimy leather,

and I yelled with the fright that was
upon me. With the energy of despera-
tion, I clutched and tore at the thing,
and finally ripped it from me, to fly
shouting toward the door. Daylight was
just appearing. In the passage I collided
violently with Curtis and MacGregor,
coming from opposite directions. I
could do nothing but point to the room
I had left, and they rushed in. I caught
a puzzled look on the Scotchman’s face,
and staggered into the kitchen, where I
dropped upon a chair, completely ex-
hausted. The dog was shivering as with
an ague, and crouched in the furthest
corner of the room.

  “For heaven’s sake, what was the mat-
ter, old man?” demanded Curtis, return-
ing to the room. “What on earth pos-
sessed you to yell like that? Were you
dreaming?”

  “I thought I was—at first,” I an-
swered, “until I found it was a reality.
Hush, here’s MacGregor!”

  The Scot hurried in, and I noticed that
his face was pale beneath the tan.

  “I suffer from nightmares occasion-
ally,” I said casually, though my teeth
still chattered with fright and revulsion.
“That was a particularly bad one. Sorry
I waked you both.”

  “Nightmare, eh,” said MacGregor,
eyeing me doubtfully. “I’m no so sair-
tain o’ thot. Mon, ye yelled like a steam
whustle.”

  “It was very real,” I told him. “I
think I’ll not turn in again. It’s getting
light.”

  “Half-past four,” said Curtis, glanc-
ing at the old clock on the kitchen shelf.
He stirred up the embers of the fire.
The warmth was grateful, and I
stretched toward it. As I did so, I
turned and accidentally glanced out of
the window. What I saw prompted me
to an exclamation, but I succeeded in
turning it into a cough. MacGregor
went back to his room to put on some
more clothing. The instant he had gone,
I dragged Curtis to the window.
90	The Long Arm

  “If your uncle went away,” I whis-
pered swiftly, “he went in the garb with
which nature endowed him. There’s his
nightshirt!”

  I pointed to the top of the circle of
tamarack trees, and sure enough, there
fluttered in the morning breeze a white
shirt, torn, it is true, but palpably a night-
shirt. Curtis turned to me with a
puzzled face.

 “What does it mean?” he asked.
“How could it get up there?”

  I shrugged my shoulders with a cold
shiver. It was as if someone had
touched me with an icicle.

  “Don’t ask me, my friend,” I replied
with a chatter of the teeth. “Ask—
MacGregor!”

  “I’m going to ask somebody,” he an-
swered with a set of the jaw. “I’m
about tired of this mystery business.
There’s a deal too much of it.”

  “I’m certain MacGregor knows some-
thing he’s keeping back,” I said.

  Curtis turned to me swiftly.

  “Look here,” he said sharply. “I want
the facts. What was that circus you
kicked up in there? You can tell that
nightmare yarn to the marines.”

  “It was a nightmare, and a horrible
one,” I said, “but it was also more than
that.” Then I described to him in detail
the experience as I have already related
it.

  “But such a thing’s absurd,” Curtis
said. “I could understand it if we were
upon the seacoast, but you can’t find
octopi about here.”

  “I don’t know anything about that,”
I said, “but I do know that something
like an enormous tenacle had me around
the waist and was dragging me to the
window—”

  Curtis took me by the shoulder and
shook me gently.

  “Are you sure it wasn’t just a dream,
Tom?” he asked. For an instant, I hesi-
tated. Then the memory of that horrible
moment swept over me, and I stamped
my foot upon the floor.

in the Clearing

  “As sure as I’m standing here talking
to you,” I replied with all the solemnity
I could put into the statement.

  MacGregor, probably, felt the sus-
picion we had both begun to feel about
him, for he withdrew into himself, and
maintained a glum silence until I spoke
directly to him.

  “I’m going to take a look at that green-
house of yours this morning,” I told him,
and he nodded.

  “Whenever you’re feelin’ like it,” he
said, without enthusiasm. “I’ll be put-
tin’ away th’ specimens I brocht wi’ me
fra’ the Everglades th’ noo.”

  “The Everglades!” exclaimed Curtis.
“Is that where you’ve been?”

  “Certainly,” replied the Scotchman.
“Twice a year, I’ll be makin’ a trip there-
abouts for specimens o’ plants.” He
smiled. “I never held wi’ all yer uncle’s
notions, particularly aboot th’ similarity
o’ soil here an’ yon, but he would have
his roots fra’ Florida twice a year for
the’ graftin’.”

  I lighted my pipe and walked outside
the house to think the situation over. I
was morally convinced that some rep-
tilian thing had seized me in the night,
and I was more than half inclined to
believe that Mr. Curtis had been dragged
out in the same way. Yet, the more I
came to consider the possibility of such
a thing, the less likely it seemed. I heard
the sound of splashing oars and looked
upi, to find Ben Biggoty in his skiff near-
ing the little wharf. I waved my hand
at him and walked around to the front
of the house.

  “Heah’s you-all’s eatin’s,” he an-
nounced, and I saw that in his skiff he
had two baskets filled.

  “Who told you to bring them, Ben?”
I asked, and he stared at me.

  “Ah brings ’em twict a week,” he
announced, and lifted the baskets out.

  I went out on the plank and looked
down at him.

  “Ben,” I said. “Do you know who I
am?”
Robert Shirley

91

  “Yessah. You’s de pussecutin’ lawyer,
Yassah,” he replied with a toothed grin.

  “Then you know that if I feel like
it I can have you taken down to Eliza-
beth City and locked up as a witness,
don’t you?” I went on, whereupon he
turned as pale as a negro can turn.

  “For de Lawd, I ain’t done nothin’ !”
he cried. “Hones’ to goodness, I ain’t!”

  I looked at him and sympathized with
his fright. Probably there was a good
reason for it. There generally is with
men of Ben’s stamp.

  “Why are you afraid of this place,
Ben?” I asked him. “Tell me the truth,
now.”

  He glanced about him and dropped
his voice.

  “Dis heah’s de debbil’s islan', suh,” he
said tremblingly. “Black man ain’t got
no show heah. Debbil he ketch a niggah
heah after dahk an’ dat man never shows
up no moah.”

  “What makes you say that?” I in-
quired.

  “Two men has bin took dat away,” he
exclaimed. “Bat Minogue an’ Hahvy
Johnson come down heah an dey ain’t
come back no moah.”

  MacGregor came around the corner
of the house just then, and stopped when
he saw me talking to Biggoty.

  “Wi* ye tak a look at th* green-
house?” he. inquired, with what seemed
elaborate solicitation.

  I nodded.

  “I’m coming,” I answered, and walked
away from the negro. Of course, I took
no stock in his statement, but there was
certainly a mystery about the place.
MacGregor waited, and as I came up to
him, he turned with me. I walked per-
haps a dozen paces with him, and then
an idea struck me. I would put this
thing to him without delay. I stopped
and swung about to face him. We were
standing within ten feet of the tamarack
trees-that formed the circle.

  “Mr. MacGregor,” I said in my court-
room manner, “I’m going to ask you

some direct questions, and I want direct
answers to them. There’s a mystery
here, and it is time it was cleared up.
To begin with, why are you concealing
something from us? Why did you not
tell us frankly what was in your thoughts
last night when you heard about Mr.
Curtis’ disappearance?”

  “I misdoot ye have th’ right—” he
began, when I stopped him.

  “I’ll soon convince you of that,” I
replied grimly. “As I told you last
night, I happen to be the prosecuting at-
torney for this county. I’ll make it a
legal matter if I can’t find cooperation
any other way. Just now, it is my duty
to find out what you know. To begin
with, why did Biggoty tell me that two
men had disappeared from this place al-
ready?”

  The Scotchman looked at me with
startled eyes.

  “Twa men?” he echoed.

  “Yes,” I replied sharply. “I have
their names. Minogue and Johnson.
You’d better tell me all you know.”

  He looked at me calculatingly, and
seemed to weigh the matter in his mind.

  “Mayhap I will—when I’m certain
Meester Curtis has surely gone away
fra’ here,” he replied.

  “Do you mean to say there is a doubt
in your mind?” I asked with some as-
tonishment. “Then I think I can con-
vince you that he has gone, and most
unusually. Look up there!” I caught
him by the shoulder and swung him
about, pointing up to where the white
shirt still fluttered in the breeze. His
eyes followed my hand, and I saw his
face pale. Suddenly it became suffused
with blood, and he clapped both hands
to his head and staggered back. I caught
at him, but with a cry he plunged for-
ward again and fell to the ground. I
stooped over him and turned him on his
back. He was breathing stertorously.
I knew the signs. The man had suffered
a stroke of apoplexy, or at least, what re-
sembled one.
92	The Long Arm in the Clearing

  With Jim’s aid, I got him into the
house and laid upon his bed. The situa-
tion was a difficult one, as there was no
medical aid within miles, and no way to
send for any until Biggoty should appear
again. However, we did what we could
for him, and then retired for consulta-
tion. As far as I could see, the situation
had not changed. We were still con-
fronted with the facts. Mr. Curtis had
disappeared. I had been attacked by
some snake-like creature in his room.
Two colored men were reported to have
disappeared in a like manner, and the
Scotchman was out of the running for
the time being.

  We put in the day in searching the
surrounding canebrake for possible
tracks or indications that someone might
have wandered into them and been either
attacked or overcome. We found noth-
ing. On our return, just at dusk, I se-
cured a pole and rescued the shirt. It
was clean, but badly torn, as if it had
caught upon something and been ripped
from its wearer.

  “Now what’s to do?” asked Jim when
we had finished supper.

  “I’m going to find out what attacked
me in that room last light,” I said grimly.
“Something came in through that win-
dow, and Pm inclined to think it was
the same thing that attacked Mr. Cur-
tis.”

  “What’s your idea? I’ll help, of
course,” said Curtis.

  “We’ll sit up and watch, without a
light,” I replied. “If we hear anything,
we’ll flash this pocket electric torch I
brought. We’ll take a couple of shot-
guns, and if there is—”

  There was no need to finish the sen-
tence. Its import was sufficiently ob-
vious.

  At eleven o’clock, or thereabouts, we
proceeded to the bedroom where I had
slept the night before, and made our-
selves as comfortable as we could under
the circumstances. Shotguns reposed
across our knees, the lamp was placed

on the table between us with a supply
of matches, and I held the electric torch
in my hand.

  The hours pa9sed, and I began to
yawn. There was an old-fashioned
clock in the kitchen, and I heard this
strike two. There was a faint breeze
blowing outside that rustled the leaves,
and occasionally there was the call of a
night bird. Suddenly Curtis touched me
on the arm.

  “What was that?” he whispered, and
as I listened, I heard a peculiar sound
that one might liken to a great arm
beating a heap of brushwood with a
giant rubber flail. Jim let go of my
arm.

  “It’s that thrashing sound I mentioned
yesterday,” he said. “It’s nothing, I
expect.”

  I could hear him yawn. Suddenly
he closed his teeth together with a snap,
and stood up.

  “I’ll go to sleep if I sit there much
longer,” he said. “I’m going to walk
about the room. Don’t let that gun
drive at me, like a good fellow.”

  He stretched himself, and then moved
over toward the window. I could see
his shadow dimly outlined against the
panes, and there was a sound of some-
thing moving behind. He stopped with
his back to the window and listened,
standing quietly. As he did so, I caught
a glimpse of something that moved
behind him, and then just the faintest,
scraping sound. It fascinated me, and
my heart began to pound in my breast.
Apparently Curtis did not hear it, for
he made no move. With an effort, I
forced myself to action, and bringing
the torch into play, I pushed the button.
Instantly, Jim stood in a circle of bril-
liant light, and he cried out as I yelled.

  “Jump!” I cried, and he sprang for-
ward just as a long, thick, snake-like
tentacle writhed above his head. In the
light, I could see that this tentacle had
come in through the window. Without
further thought than the disgust and
Robert Shirley

93

horror that possessed me, I swung the
shotgun across my knees into position,
dropped the torch, and fired both bar-
rels. There was an instant’s thrashing,
a scraping sound, and silence. Shaking
and trembling, I picked up the torch
again and flashed its beams about the
room. The place was empty.

  “Thank God!” I exclaimed fervently.

  “What was it, Tom?” asked the shak-
ing voice of Curtis from the doorway
where he stood. He coughed as the
fumes of the burning powder struck
his throat, and before he could answer,
a quavering voice behind him broke in.

  “Ye’ll ha need o’ thanks this nicht,”
it said solemnly, and I threw the light
from my torch upon the white and
quivering features of MacGregor, who
stood, a phantom of fear in the passage
behind my friend.

  “Stand aside, Jim,” I said quickly to
Curtis. He moved, and I opened the
breech of my shotgun and shoved in a
fresh cartridge. As I snapped the
weapon shut again, I turned it on the
Scot.

  “Come in here!” I exclaimed venom-
ously. “There's an explanation coming
from you, my friend, and you’d best
be swift in making it. What devil’s
business is going on here, and what was
that thing?”

  I expect there was something more
than mere determination in my tone,
for I was so shaken with the revulsion
of feeling and the horror of the sicken-
ing thing I had seen that I doubt not
I would have driven the charge from
the shotgun into the man before me
had he given me the slightest cause.

  “Ye may put oop yer weapon, Mees-
ter Drake,” he said quaveringly, step-
ping into the room with unsteady feet.
Curtis now applied a match to the wick
of the lamp, and I could see that the
man was trembling at the knees. He
sank into a chair almost as he spoke.

  “I’m no certain I’m doin’ what th*
maister would hae me do, in spierin’ to

ye what I’m goin’ tae,” he said, “but
I’ll ease ma conscience at ony rate.”

  Suddenly from outside there came a
long drawn howl, and this was followed
instantly by a series of agonized barks
from the dog. I turned toward the win
dow, but MacGregor cried out.

  “Keep awa!” he yelled.

  I sprang back. A fresh chorus of
barks and yelps broke upon the air,
and, followed by Curtis, I dashed into
the passage, through the kitchen and
into the darkness outside. There was a
scuffling and struggling going on near
the corner of the house, and in the light
of the torch, I found the dog in the
clutch of a smaller tentacle than the one
that had appeared in the room. I sazv
that it led into the circle of tamarack
trees!

  Without thought, I sprang forward
and seized the struggling dog. It was
a matter of considerable difficulty to tear
him from that slimy hold, but I did so
and flung him to one side, still howling
horribly. Instantly he gained his feet
and fled in the frenzy of his fear into
the canebreak. We could hear his icries
for some minutes until they died away
in the distance.

  “What was that thing? For God’s
sake what was it?” Curtis cried to me,
and I shook my head.

  “Keep away from that clump of
trees,” I warned him. “There’s some-
thing hidden there that will need in-
vestigation. I think MacGregor knows.”
Even as I spoke, I uttered an exclama-
tion, for out of the kitchen door the
Scotchman staggered and gasping, fell
to the ground. Unable to regain his
feet, he scrambled on hands and knees
toward us. Just then the moon broke
forth from behind a wrack of dark
Clouds and shed a brilliant light upon
the scene. I strode forward and caught
him by the shoulder.

  “What’s the matter, man ?” I cried to
him.

  “An ax! An ax!” he gabbled and
94

The Long Arm in the Clearing

pointed to the tamaracks. Through the
close circle of them, I saw projecting a
white arm that moved! Two long min-
utes later, we had dragged, through a
hastily chopped orifice in the circle of
trees, the naked and scarred body of
Henry Curtis. The old man was lacer-
ated and torn, and could hardly speak.
We carried him very tenderly into the
kitchen and laid him on the blankets be-
fore the fire Curtis had built. I poured
brandy down his throat and Jim chafed
him with the same fiery fluid. Eventu-
ally, we were rewarded by seeing his
eyes open, consider us gravely, and then
close again, while the deep breathing
told us that he slept naturally. It was
then I thought of MacGregor, and found
him lying unconscious beside the door.

  Henry Curtis, as I had learned from
his nephew and MacGregor, had become
almost a fanatic on the subject of plant
breeding and super cultivation, and had
concentrated his attention upon a real,
or fancied, relationship between plants
and animals. I'll leave the naturalists to
settle the widsom or folly of it. In his
travels in Bolivia, he had come across
a giant specimen of the sundew, or the
devil’s-tree, as they call it there. The
thing belongs to the mimosa family. This
plant had the queer faculty of moving
certain long, tentacle like leaves, and it
uses these to feed itself with the insects
that settle upon it. In North Carolina,
there is a branch of the same family
known as Venus’ Fly Trap. Curtis had
discovered this and determined to try
an experiment following out his pet the-
ory with the Carolina soil. He wanted
to try the effect of certain foods upon
a plant bred from the specimens he had
procured. This explained his residence
in the Swamp.

  “MacGregor and I worked over that
plant for ten years,” said the old man
the next day. “We cultivated and se-
lected, and Luther Barbank could not
have been more patient. Then I tried
the experiment of feeding the plant raw

meat, and it grew and thrived wonder-
fully. Finally, we produced a really gi-
gantic specimen, and I saw that it would
necessarily have to be protected, fenced,
so we built that tamarack hedge about
it to keep it within bounds. A thing like
that spreads. It grew and grew. It de-
veloped into a monstrosity, a veritable
bloodthirsty giant of a plant, and it be-
gan to exhibit selective ability to find
its own food. We began to miss the
chickens, small pigs and the like, and we
caught it at work. The tentacles had
gft)wn tremendously, and were tough and
strong. It was interesting to me to watch
it at work, and though MacGregor
warned me that it should be destroyed,
I could not bring myself to do it, for
my theory was being borne out in it.
Then MacGregor went away to Florida
for a few days. He had been in the
habit of feeding the plant, and for the
first two or three days, I did it. Then
I became interested in a new series of
experiments in the greenhouse and I for-
got it for nearly a week. Four nights
ago, I waked, to find myself being
dragged to the window. I tried to free
myself and could not. Instantly, I knew
what had happened. The starving plant
had found me and was supplying itself
with food. I was dragged out through
the window and up and over the tops
of the hedge, from which I fell.”

  The old gentleman took a sip of the
brandy and water and continued:

  “The fall stunned me, I imagine. At
any rate, the thing must have made heroic
efforts to digest me, but evidently it had
not yet reached the growth that would
permit that, but its effluvia was anaes-
thetic in quality, and it held me until
I was thrown to one side. From what
you tell me, the dog must have found
me, or scented me, lying near the edge,
and in his efforts to dig me out, got
caught himself. Then you boys rescued
me, and I thank you both. MacGregor
here tells me you contemplated arrest-
ing him for my murder, Drake.”
A Laureate

95

  “He came as close to jail as he ever
will come and keep out of it,” I said
grimly. “By the way, sir, what about
those two colored boys, Minogue and
Johnson, who are said to have disap-
peared ?”•

_ The old gentleman smiled.

  “You’ll find them down at Roanoke,”
he said. “I played the god from the
machine there. Both had scolding wives
and wanted to get away. They had
worked for me, and I gave them money.
They rowed down the canal into the
Cheasapeake and forgot to mention to
anyone where they were going. They
sent me the money I lent them some
months ago.”

  “What about that infernal Devil’s
Tree, Uncle?” asked Jim. “You’re not
going to leave it here, I hope.”

  “If you and Drake will take a couple
of those dynamite cartridges you’ll find

in the closet in my room and plant a
little mine near the thing, I’ll be obliged
to both of you,” the old man answered
with a smile. “It’s like tearing out one
of MacGregor’s arms, but it will have
to go. A thing lil^e that is too dan-
gerous, even for the Great Dismal
Swamp.”

  The next day, just as the dynamite
hoisted all that there was of the Devil’s
Tree into the air, I heard a hysterical
bark behind me. I turned and found
the dog. As one of the leatherlike
tentacles fell nearby, he seized it in his
teeth and shook it viciously, then trotted
in and laid it at old Mr. Curtis’ feet.

  “Pete never liked that tree much,”
the old man said. “I think his mind is
relieved.”

  “An' so’s mine, I’ll hae ye knaw—
private-like, ye’ll understan’,” remarked
MacGregor grimly.

A LAUREATE

By Clinton Scoliard

THERE be many things to sing
As pass the vari-colored days—
The birds that mount on gleaming wing,
The glamour of the forest ways;

The sea that chants unto the shore,

The rainbow’s radiant arc of light,
The earth’s abundant harvest store,

The red auroras of the night.

Yet would I not my lot bewray,

But hold it very kind of fate
Should Sylvia smile on me and say
That I may be her laureate!
Carlotta Advises

            By Florence Baier

\ • _

THE Mackensie houses were the
first one passed on the road to the
Country Club. They stood on the
crest of a long rise, each in the exact cen-
tre of its thirty acres; great, squarely-
set houses of tawny brick, with wide
eaves and deep, shadowed porches. A
brick wall shielded them from the road,
and symmetrical drives wound across the
sloping lawns from the similar gateways,
set side by side, to the similar carriage-
porches. At the back, a tree-shaded lane
ran from the garden pergola of one to the
garden pergola of the other, and a white
stile mounted the picket fence at the
boundary line; but that was a later, wom-
anish development with which John and
William Mackensie had little to do.

  For twenty years, the Mackensies had
but a single aim between them; and that,
the establishment of a wool business equal
in output and quality to the mills of their
native town in Scotland. They spent
their days in the clack of looms and card-
ing machines, breathing an atmosphere
filled with fine floating dust, and redolent
of unwashed fleeces. The rest of the
time, they merely ate and slept. They were
short, stocky men, slow of speech and
movement, with insignificant faces and
dull, kindly eyes. John was a trifle older
than William, and the intruding note of
gray in his brown hair was a bit more
obvious, but they had both lived so far
beyond the normal marrying years that
marriage came to them as something
more than a simple surprise.

  They were very cleverly manipulated
in the matter, had they but known it.
From her weather-beaten cottage, oppo-

96

site their boarding house, Mrs. Ayres had
watched, with quite as single a purpose as
their own, the Mackensie progress from
nothing at all to riches. She was a plump
widow with no income worth mentioning
and with twin girls on her hands. It was
a situation in which she fully expected to
be forgiven much. In spite of her handi-
cap of shabby gentility, she groomed her
daughters for what she was pleased to call
their destiny, and governed them shame-
lessly with a weak heart As day-pupils they
attended the most select school—taking
the same morning train as the Macken-
sies, but giving the brothers no attention
beyond a modest “Good morning,” on
pain of bringing on one of their mother’s
attacks; they took cooking lessons and
learned to make delicious scones; and
they had a singing-master who made a
specialty of the old-fashioned ballad.
Mrs. Ayres was the sort who believed
that all a woman’s claims on life were
canceled by a nice marriage; and she
achieved it triumphantly for her girls the
summer they were eighteen. The dual
courtship was not exciting so fai as
Camilla and Carlotta were concerned,
and they wrinkled their noses involun-
tarily the only time they ever mentioned
the honeymoon,- but not even they had
the slightest doubts as to the propriety of
their marriages.

  The nine years since had served to
prove them not only successful but almost
identical. Breakfast was served in the
morning and lights were turned out at
night, almost to the minute in each house.
Camilla and Carlotta ordered roast mut-
ton three times a week and laid out woolen
Florence Baier

97

underwear on the morning of the tenth
of November. Once a month, each
household entertained at a dinner, fol-
lowed by old-fashioned whist; and once a
year, they gave a dance, jointly, at the
Country Club. Camilla planned the de-
tails of these affairs, but it was Carlotta
who decided on the dates and grouped
the guests. To be sure, Camilla’s baby
died at eight days, and Carlotta’s lived to
eight years and gave promise of her
mother’s loveliness; but that was hardly
a recognizable difference. It was not un-
til Cedric Dewing had begun to walk
with her, up and down the tree-shaded
lane, day after day, that Camilla felt she
was experiencing something in which
Carlotta did not share.

  It was not a thing that had come sud-
denly. For at least two years before the
reviews began to speak enthusiastically
of his promise, Cedric had been a fre-
quenter of the smart little country club
on the high road. Occasionally, he
brought a chum down from the city to
make up a foursome of golf; occasional-
ly, they spent a rainy afternoon in one or
the other of the Mackensie living-rooms,
at music or bridge; or the four met,
rather casually, for a matinee in town.

  It was not until the third summer that
a perceptible rift appeared, and Ca-
milla and Cedric took to walking in the
lane. They were nearly the same age
and had grown conscious of it, as if they
were the younger members of a family,
and were subtly united by their common
impulses and ideas. The recklessness
that John forbade, the wild spirits that
perplexed him, Cedric accepted as the
natural expression of Camilla’s self. The
smallest incidents served to enhance their
happiness. He seemed to bring her, out
of his insatiate love of life, the fulness of
her own unlived youth, the pulsing joy
that had eVaded her. She had a restless,
unconscious yearning for life, lived to its
full; and Cedric’s companionship gave
her a curiously satisfying understanding
of what life might mean. After 'ill, she

was less than twenty-seven. She bloomed,
as a plant, grown in the shadow, flowers
under the sun. Into the laughter that she
shared with him, there poured the man’s
own pagan love of life; of the blue sky
and the great white clouds and the scents
and sounds of summer. But through
their laughter, Camilla was aware of a
mystery which she half understood and
after which she wanted to seek. The
time came when she was conscious of a
delicious inward throbbing at the sight of
his face and of the dark eyes into which
she could not look straightforwardly.
And then—the time came when their
easy friendliness crashed down about
them, and they were left clinging to each
other in its ruins, terrified at the inten-
sity of love.

  Three times in as many hours Camilla
put out the clothes that she would take on
such a trip. Already she had packed her
bag with her characteristic consideration
for such practical details as the weight of
brushes and the certainty that her tiny
case of remedies was filled. But two
great boxes still yawned on the floor be-
side the bed on which she spread her
array of garments. Some of them were
old favorites, soft, vivid gowns such as
Cedric liked, and some of them, the
smart’ traveling suit, the shimmering,
silken lingerie, were new, bought in the
last, unhappy week when the intense ab-
sorption she gave to clothes had served to
still her agonies of indecision. She
sorted and arranged the piles exactly in
the order in which she would pack them.
But she did not pack them. Instead, she
caught up a wide shade hat and went out.

  She had it vaguely in mind to go tj
Carlotta whom she had been avoiding for
days. But when she reached the foolish
little stile at the boundary line between
their meadows, she saw Cedric coming
toward her. She realized, with a shock,
that it was he, rather than Carlotta,
whom she had been seeking; that it was
for him she had chosen the white gown
98

Carlotta Advises

she was wearing and the hat lined with a
rose-color that gave a warm glow to her
clearv creamy skin. She stood quite still,
watching, as he came toward her, for his
quick smile and the glow of pleasure flar-
ing in his narrow, deeply-set eyes, like a
dull flame in the depths of a cave. All
day she had been longing for the inex-
plicable joy his nearness brought her,
Now that he was there, she felt herself
trembling with the impact of his presence.
It was Cedric who spoke first.

  “Camilla, you’re as white as your own
dear ghost. You’re not ill?”

  “No. I just didn’t sleep last night, nor
the night before.”

  “I know.” His eyes changed, clouding
a moment. He reached down and slipped
his hand over hers. “To-night ends it,
thank God.”

“To-night begins it,” she said very low.
Taking her elbows in his firm hands,
he drew her toward him. She could see
that Kis lips were quivering, but he smiled
down at her before he spoke.

  “You can’t stifle love, dear,” he said.
“Love means life. And sacrifice of love
is the first of the great sins against life.
You know you love me.”

  “Oh, I do, Cedric. I do.” She drew
back and looked at him with sombre
eyes. “It’s just that I’m not the kind of
woman to play the part you are giving
me. I—I dread all the chances accumu-
lating against me. I—all my people have
been good—my mother, my cousins—in
the conventional sense. Proper and nar-
row, if you like, but good. It’s I who am
strange to myself. I—didn’t know I
should be like this. It—it has all come so
quickly. I can’t help thinking of Car-
lotta.”

  “Carlotta?”

  She nodded, her face averted.
“Carlotta is so keen,” she said. “She’s
always been a balance wheel for me.”
“Camilla,”—he swung about and
gripped her arm so tightly that it hurt
her—“promise you’ll not tell Carlotta.
Promise me.”

  She looked up amazed at the hostility
in his tone. “But I thought you liked
Carlotta.”

  “Oh, I do. But this is between us—
you and me. There is no one else in the
world that could understand what it means.
We’re starting out new, with just our-
selves and our lives before us.”

  There was a boyish wistfulness in his
voice, as if he were trying, in common-
place words, to tell her the many ways He
loved her; but the portent of what he was
saying stilled her for an instant. The
thought of going away with him had been
dominant for days. Whatever she had
been doing or saying, she had been con-
scious of that as she would have been
conscious of a neuralgic pain at her tem-
ples. There were times when she was
certain that it was the only way of escape
into life, that not to go away with Cedric
would be an irreparable calamity; and
there were other times when it seemed
weakness and she could smile at her own
folly.

  “I have everything planned,” she began
quietly. “There’s a boy coming for my
boxes. I decided not to take a trunk.
He’ll bring them to you late this after-
noon.”

  “I’m going up to town in time for
dinner.” She heard his quick intake of
breath, and there came a pause that
seemed to carry them on irresistibly.
“Camilla, hadn’t you—wouldn’t it be
wiser for you to come with me ? On the
early train?”

  She shook her head, answering his
perplexed look with a still more decided
negative. She knew that the delay of an
hour increased the danger of discovery;
that if John were at home, it would re-
quire all her wit to evade his questions
and get away.

  “The boat sails at ten/’ Cedric per-
sisted. “It makes a short evening any.
way; and we’ve dined together often
enough this last year.”

  “It’s not that. I’m not afraid of being
seen with you.”
Florence Baier

99

    "‘Then why?” he asked insistently.

    “It’s Carlotta. I want to see Car-
  lotta.”

    Desperately, she had given him the
  simple truth. Behind everything, she
  was aware of her sister as she might be
  aware of an idea strangely personal to
  herself. She had established a more es-
  sential communion with Carlotta than
  with anyone alive; and at the parting
  every fibre of her being cried out for
  some last contact.

    “But I will not tell her,” she added,
  as she saw the stern line about the man’s
  mouth. “I promise you that I won’t tell
  her, Cedric.”

    They were close to her own door, and
  he followed her into the dim hall. The
  silence into which her promise had fallen
  grew deep and intense. Through her
  half-veiled^ eyes, she saw his profile,
  brown and boyish, and the curves of his
  face and shoulder, motionless in that
  moment of tense quiet. Almost against
  her will, she swayed toward him and
  found herself imprisoned in his arms.
  His lips, hot and eager, fell on her face
  and throat. She drank in the poignant
  rapture of his caresses, giving him back
  kiss for kiss when his lips sought hers.
  Her very blood seemed to bubble with
  joy. Even when she had let him go, and
  stood for a moment leaning against the
  door that she had just closed behind him,
  * a triumphant happiness filled her, drove
  all doubts away.

    Upstairs, she found Carlotta in her
  room. She was standing beside the lit-
  tered bed, examining a frock flung across
  its foot. They were very like. They had
  the same creamy skin and pointed chin,
  the same brown hair that showed coppery
  threads in sunlight, the same long, flexible
  hands. Camilla was easily the more
  beautiful, but Carlotta had a sparkling
  charm that gave her piquancy. They
  smiled at each other good-humoredly.

   “What does it all mean?” Carlotta
 asked. “Are you cleaning house?”

    “I—I’m sending some things back to

the dressmaker. A boy is coming for the
boxes in half an hour.”

  “Where’s Lizette?”

  “I’m going to pack these myself. Have
you been in all the afternoon ?”

  “No, I’ve been walking.” Carlotta
yawned and glanced at her watch.
“Archie Carstyle was with me.”

  Camilla hardly heard what Carlotta
said. Her happiness ebbed a little.
Thought followed thought in an instan-
taneous succession, contradicting, refut-
ing one another. As her hands folded
and packed, it seemed to her that her old
life was running out like the last strag-
gling sands in a glass. Cedric had said
that love meant life, and she knew that
it was true. All the years that she had
been John Mackensie’s wife had been as
if she had not lived at all. She wanted
to live ardently, to the furthest reach of
feeling. That was to be in the years to
come. Cedric was offering her his
strange, sweet love; and presently, with
the gift, life would be made over.

  “You’ve had that gown for ages,” Car-
lotta’s cool voice came to her. “You’re
sending that back to the dressmaker’s?”
“It needs—refitting.” Her hands fal-
tered. She looked up to see that Carlotta
was searching her face with wide, startled
eyes.

  “Milla,” she said, “are you running
away with Cedric Dewing? Is that it?”
Something within Camilla gave way,
like the breaking of a taut cord. Her
hands shook a little as she smoothed out
the gown.

  “What’s the use of lying, Milla? Of
course, I’m surprised. I’ve always
thought your sense of convention was
so obdurate that fear alone would keep
you safe. It’s rather odd—”

  “What would you do?” Camilla inter-
rupted. “What would you do in my
place? You know better than anyone
what a poor business life has been.”
“But you’ve made it do, haven’t you.
Until you met Cedric Dewing, you made
it do, just as I have.”
100

Carlotta Advises

  “I haven’t anything,” Camilla flung at
her, and was amazed at the wave of color
that surged up her sister’s throat. “It
was dull before. Then Cedric’s coming
made it—ugly. Oh, I hadn’t meant to
tell you. There’s no use. And I prom-
ised Cedric.” She flung out her arms
half despairingly and crossed the room.
Looking back, she saw Carlotta sitting
quietly, her chin propped on her hands,
in an attitude as unstudied as a man’s.

  “I suppose Cedric means to do the
decent thing by you,” she said, “once
John gets his divorce?”

  Camilla winced a little at the word. It
was the first time she had allowed it to
enter her thoughts, and while she ad-
mitted it, she found herself hating it.

  “I suppose John will divorce me,” she
said slowly. “Just now—nothing mat-
ters except that I’d be free.”

  “John will divorce you,” Carlotta ob-
served coolly. “Once you’re gone, you
never can come back. He isn’t the sort
to welcome a Magdalen. Nor William,
either. What will you do with life, Ca-
milla ?”

 “How do I know? How does anyone
know ? You can’t think of life tout d’une
piece”

  “You can consider the possible re-
sults,” Carlotta said sharply. “You’ve
plans, haven’t you? You’ll have to talk
fast, Milla. I’m leaving at six.”

  “Six? Then I could catch the early
train and have dinner with Cedric?”
“Would he be expecting you?”

  “I was to meet him at the boat ? That’s
where I’m sending the boxes. The boat’s
sailing at ten—for South America. We’ll
spend the winter in Montevideo, I think.
Cedric wants to finish his new book by
spring. Then on—Japan, India^-”

  “You can’t travel forever.”

  “We’ll settle down after a year or so.
Paris, perhaps. Cedric does his best
work in a crowd.”

  “Of course, you know you’re making
a fool of yourself,” Carlotta said, with
less cruelty than sheer thoughtfulness.

For a moment, she sat turning the matter
over in her mind. Camilla felt no resent-
ment. The understanding between them
was too cpmplete for that. After a little,
Carlotta began to speak almost tone-
lessly, the breaks and pauses between her
words more emphatic than the things
she said. It was Carlotta’s way. She
looked at everything from every imagin-
able angle.

  “Whatever turn life takes, and you’re
not one to divine life’s turns* the thing’s
likely to be disastrous. You rarely hear
of a liaison lasting over six months, and
it will take that to get a divorce. Cedric’s
likely never to marry you—well, suppose
he doesn’t?. You’ll be wandering out-
laws in the very places where your out-
lawry is most easily understood. Those
big hotels, Cairo, Paris,' London, have
the same sophisticated, sharp-eyed people
in them. And they’ve the same sugges-
tion of our social order: visiting lists,
and caste, and Doucet gowns, and Fri-
day fasts. Women like you who’ve de-
fied the same rules, will recognize you.
And they’ll claim you, too, in a sort of
unconventional sisterhood. You’ll hate
it: Respectability is the one thing women
such as you and I care about. It’ll be-
come so precious in a year or two that
you’ll steal chances at just looking re-
spectable. ...» Cedric’s sacrificing a
good deal. The thing is likely to inter-
fere with his success. He’ll come to see
that. Whatever your relation, it can’t be
conventional or normal. There is always
the past; and even if you marry each
other, it will look as if you were afraid
he’d escape— You are so abnormally ex-
posed to each other. John and William
have rather the habit of regarding
us among the furniture. Cedric won’t.
You’ll feel that he’s aware of you every
moment. The time will come when you
will be afraid to talk; and afraid not to,
because you have no reason for avoiding
it. The little things that protect married
people from each other—children, duties,
visits, new maids, bores—you won’t have.
Florence Baier

101

You’ve cut yourself off. It’s hard on
human nerves—that sort of thing. I
wonder you’ve the courage to chance it.”

  Camilla did not answer. She rose and
sent down the boxes by the maid who
came in answer to her ring. When they
had gone, Carlotta shrugged her shoul-
ders with an air of accepting the inevit-
able and moved toward the half-open
door. Her voice was quite casual.

  “We’ll probably regret this afternoon
all our lives,” she said. “I’m sorry I
haven’t persuaded you. But there’s no
use going over it. Shall—shall you
leave a note for John?”

  Camilla shook her head.

  “Why should I ? I’ve nothing to say.”

  “No”—for all the lightness of her
voice, Carlotta’s lips quivered a little as
they touched Camilla’s—“there’s nothing
to say. Shall I take your bag? It might
make it easier for you to slip out without
it.”

  Camilla stood at the window, watching
Carlotta as she went down the drive. It
seemed odd that she did not go through
the lane as usual, and the sight of her
carrying the bag was almost too much
for Camilla. Would Carlotta try, even
now, to delay her or prevent her going?
Would she,go to John or William? The
house was very still. The clock ticked
off the minutes, and the things that Car-
lotta had said ran through her mind in
rhythm with its ticking. The agonies of
indecision flooded back upon her. Was
it true that she could never be happy?
Was the brief rapture of love worth the
sacrifice that she would be called upon to
make for it? Only an hour remained
between her and the moment when she
would be getting into the train. After
that, the thing became irrevocable.

  She ate her dinner early, done in the
dining-room, and quite without tasting
it. When the clock pointed to half-after
eight, she put on her hat and went down-
stairs. In the dim vestibule where Cedric
had kissed her, she gave a quick gasp
and stood still. John Mackensie was

standing in the open door, which he had
just unlocked.

  “I—I am going over to Carlotta’s,”
she explained.

  “Carlotta’s?” He looked at her stu-
pidly, and from her to the figure of
a messenger boy scudding down the drive
on his wheel. “Carlotta isn’t home. She
sent you this from the city.” He held out
to her a square, creamy envelope with
her name across it in Carlotta’s dashing,
angular writing.-

  She took it with a sense of abject de-
spondency, waiting until her husband had
gone on into the lighted dining-room and
she had heard the scrape of his chair at
the table, before she opened it. It began
abruptly:

  You should receive this just as you are
starting for the station. And having received
it, you will not go. Between us, we should
have made a clever woman, Camilla, and a
courageous one. I seemed to have reached the
limit of endurance, this afternoon; and I could
see no way out. It was your plan of escape,
clear, definite, detailed, that set me to thinking.
I could never plan like that. This is a shabby
trick I am playing you—

  It is I who am going away. I piled up the
chances of misery, while I was talking to you,
and for all that they are there, I’m going to
risk it. I am writing this from the restaurant
where we are dining. I have been very sure
■ for a long time that Archie cared about me—
and it was your escape—or mine.

  I know that I am cutting the ground from
under your feet. I imagine you’ll have a tre-
mendous throw-back into conventionality when
you realize what I have done. I am quite sure
you will not follow me. One sister gone is a
tragedy. But two! You yourself can see the
farce a second elopement would be. And
neither you nor Cedric could endure a lifetime
of farce. I think, perhaps, you will suffer
horribly for a little, dear. And I am sorry.
But, as I said, it was your escape into life—or
mine. The whole thing depended on which of
us acted first.	v

Carlotta.

  P. S. I'm taking your bag. It was all so
nicely packed. And when I am on board, I
shall ask Cedric for the boxes. I have taken
nothing and your gowns will be lovely for me.

  Through a blinding* mist, Camilla
twisted the letter slowly into a taper and,
burning it, dropped the blackened wisp
into the grate. Whichever way she turned,
an ironical complication confronted
102

Prodigal

her. She had the sense of having walked
into the trap of some gigantic practical
joke. She turned passionately heartsick
at the though of Cedric; but she knew
that Carlotta had written the truth. Even
if he should come back, she would never
have the courage to receive him. This
.was the end. She shivered a little as she
told herself that she was already old, her
emotions burned out, her life gone by un-
lived. Presently, she became aware that
here too, a clock was ticking in the room’s
stillness and, through it, she heard the
far-off rush and rumble of the train she
was to have taken. What seemed like a
long time passed and she stood motion-
less, thinking not at all. Then, suddenly,
she remembered William.

  Who would tell William ? She thought
of his austere face, with its stiff graying
hair and its dull kindly eyes, and saw it
stricken as it would be when he knew
what Carlotta had done. She had never
doubted William’s love for Carlotta. It
echoed in the sound of his rough Wee, in
his awkward, slow tendernesses; a deep,
unworded pride in and love for all that
made Carlotta lovely. The ruin that she
had brought upon him, upon them all, be-
came bitterly clear in the face of that.
For a moment, she hated Carlotta.

  The next, she was plunged into self-
loathing. It was she who had planned
the wrong that Carlotta had accomplished.
She was not guiltless. She had given the
other woman a weapon with which to
strike and wound. Had not Carlotta said
that she would never had laid such plans ?
If John had cared for her as William
cared for Carlotta—

  She could hear him coming along the
hall, and saw his stocky figure outlined
between the portieres, as he searched the
darkened room for her. She stood up,
her knees trembling. He came to her,
gave her a fleeting kiss on the corner of
her mouth, and drew her down comfort-
ably beside him, within the circle of his
arm.

  “Had a happy day, lassie ?” he asked as
he had asked for nine years. When she
broke into a wild sobbing, he held her off,
bewildered. “Carlotta?” he said again.
“She’s in town, I tell ye. She came to
the factory just at closing and dragged
William down for dinner at a fancy
restaurant. They’re staying in for a the-
atre. They’ll be down at midnight. But,
by the Lord, I wasn’t to tell ye till past
ten o’clock. Aweel, sax minutes, one way
or another— Have ye the paper, Ca-
milla ?”

 PRODIGAL

By Edgar Daniel Kramer

 Y’OU softly came and uttered not a word,

      But shyly placed your gentle hand in mine;
 And in my soul a sudden rapture stirred,

 A rapture that was agony divine.

 Though I had sinned, you gave your lips to me,
 You let me find a solace in your eyes,

 And in your tears, an unshed mystery,

 I	swooned, a broken fool in Paradise.
The Live Book for July

              The Secret City

PAINTING a midget with a highly
elaborated mountain as a back-
ground is scarcely fair to the midg-
et. It could not be blamed for complain-
ing of the artist’s judgment of relative
values. It is very nice for the mountain,
but the bit of a thing standing as the
central figure has a sorry enough time.

  Indeed, it is hardly fair to the artist.
His background overwhelms him; rises
portentous and awful, and the midget,
for which, after all, the picture was
painted, is lost in the confusion of dis-
jointed proportions.

  Hugh Walpole, in The Secret City
(George H. Doran Company, $1.60), has
told a third-rate story against a first-rate
background. The setting for his latest
novel *is. nothing less than the Russian
Revolution, but the story is merely the
everlasting triangle with a sort of fourth
side dragged in for good measure. Mr.
Walpole assumes to know Russians;
that is to say, he must be a sort of
demigod, shining like the angels. To
know the Russian is to grasp the scope
of human passions as dominating men
and women and directed by the irrespon-
sible whim of children. Mr. Walpole
says he has sensed all of this and he pro-
ceeds to exhibit men and women who
do not differ, as far as can be judged at
this distance, from the men and'women
the best known Russian writers have cre-
ated. Hence, they must be true.

  As hinted, the story is slim enough and
as to the accuracy of his picture of the
Revolution, one can only guess. Accurate
or not, it reads well and the arrangement
induces a dramatic tension.

  It is interesting to note that Mr. Wal-
pole has sounded the first indication that
the French Revolution, for purposes of
fiction, is henceforth passe. However,
the similarity of the two mighty events
has already been so strenuously noted
that the reader will not be at all confused
by the fiction dealing with the Russian
upheaval. The book is worth reading as
an indication of what one may expect,
in addition to the fact that it is, in itself,
a creditable work.

  Marie Corelli is still writing. You may
not believe it, but assuredly it is true.
Age seems* not to have given hesitation
to her pen. Naturally, it is not surpris-
ing that she is turning to the question of
rejuvenation. Her latest offering, The
Young Diana (George H. Doran,
$1.50), in no sense a novel, deals with
the acquisition of beauty and youth by a
homely spinster. Surely the book shows
Miss Corelli at her worst. It lacks plot,
ingenuity, care in construction, human
sympathy, understanding, ideals, inter-
est, originality. Outside of these trifling
defects, it may be a great work.

The Flail, by Newton Fuessle (Moffat,
  Yard & Company, $1.60), analyzes the
  psychology of an American born Ger-
  man boy before and during the war.
  Take the first two books, that is the
  first two hundred pages, throw them
  away, and give the last t-wo books your
  attention, and you will have a rather
  good picture of the ambitious German-
  American caught in the throes of the
  great conflict.

Judith of Blue Lake Ranch, by Jack-
  son Gregory (Charles Scribner’s Sons,

103
104

The Bloom in the Leaves

  $1.60), is a foolish attempt at western
  romance. That there never were such
  people and never was such a life mat-
  ters little to Mr. Jackson, nor would
  it matter to his readers had he made
  the highly impossible seem probable.
  He doesn’t. The excessively credulous
  may find it interesting, but the mildly
  initiated will be bored.

Once on a Summer Range, by Francis
 Hill (The Macmillan Company,
 $1.50), is of the same kidney as Mr.
 Jackson’s book. It is also an effort at
 western romance, but the events are
 thrown into a highly impossibly set-
 ting and the characters are neither
 interesting nor true.

The Man Nobody Knew, by Holworthy
 Hall (Doubleday, Page & Company,
 $1.50), is a war novel, now happily
 growing scarce. One doesn’t quarrel
 with authors who create men and wom-
 en different from any men and women
 who ever lived, but one is justified in
 being disgruntled if the writer fails to

  make his characters convincing. Air.
  Hall, unhappily, is of this number. His
  remade man is a creature that never
  was on sea or land, and his secret is for-
  ever quite safe, as no one could have
  any interest in discovering it or prop-
  agating it.

  Frank Dilnot says some condescend-
ingly nice things about America in his
little book, The New America (The
Macmillan Company, $1.25). The work
is just barely readable.

An American Poilu (Little, Brown &
  Company, $1.35), is an anonymous
  war offering consisting of letters sup-
  posed to have been written by an
  American enlisted in the French
  Army. After reading the book, one
  can scarce blame the writer for keep-
  ing his name off the title page. It is
  weakly sentimental and deals almost
  exclusively with things in which one,
  viewing the war, has little or no in-
  terest.

S. W.

THE BLOOM IN THE LEAVES

By Aloysius Coll

MY LOVE was like the feathery mist
Of green upon the spring—

The little leaves that catch the dew,

              And make the birds to sing.

Laughter and tears upon my soul,

               As little leaves are spun
               Around the giant oak to catch
               The dewdrop and the sun.

But O, his love, the thundering rain
That drenches bough and root,

               Swept through the timorous little leaves,

              The blossoms and the fruit!
The Silver Lining

By Sam S. Stinson

LITTLE FABLES OF INCONSISTENCY

Wherein Is Shown That the Wise Saws Are
Generally Equipped With Cross-cut Teeth

Love Laughs at Locksmiths, But—

/"\NCE upon a time, before the High Cost of Living raised its hydra-headed
menace in the land, there lived a youth and a maiden named respectively Jack
and Jill. In the Theatre of Life, they listened to the clever patter of the little vaude-
villain billed as Love, and fell for his stuff. So they were married, and all was as
merry as the wedding bells until one day Poverty came in at the door. The door
was locked, but that made no difference to Poverty. He came in just the same.
By way of a joke, Love jumped through the window. Poverty took possession of
the spare room and proceeded to make himself at home.

    Jack and Jill ’phoned for the Locksmith to come and repair the damage. The
Locksmith came with his kit of tools, but, catching a glimpse of Poverty in the
spare room, demanded his pay in advance. Whereupon Love stuck his head in the
window and burst into roars of laughter.

    “Ha! ha! ha! Ho! ho! ho!” cried Love. “If there’s anybody that can get a
laugh out of me, it’s a Locksmith. He’s funnier than I am.”

    Jack and Jill were overjoyed to see the Locksmith slink away, nor did they know
he had merely gone to fetch his gang. But that is just what the miserable gangster
did. Presently he returned, reinforced by the Butcher, the Baker and the Candle-
stick Maker, all armed with cruel weapons known as Bills. Using these horrible
instruments of torture to extract their nefarious toll from Jack and Jill, they beat
Love to an unrecognizable pulp while Poverty stood outside to stall off any possible
police interference, thus making the world safe for Democracy. Then they all went
away to report to their master, the High Cost of Living, making the well-known
welkin ring with the peals of raucous mirth.

MORAL

    Love laughs at locksmiths, but—He laughs best who laughs last.

THE lure of the unattainable is what makes life worth while. After a man’s
search is rewarded by finding the ideal woman, she passes him up because she is
looking for the ideal man.

                                                        «••••••»*•«*

rF1HERE is nothing so beautiful as sympathy. A woman always feels sorry for a
man who has trouble with his wife, unless she happens to be his wife.

105
106

The Silver Lining

Signs of the Times

fT,HESE are the erstwhile gladsome days
When real beer came in kegs;

When poets sang their summer lays,

                       And hens laid priceless eggs.

                    But now, alas! the Demon Rum
                    Has sadly slipped a cog.

                    One swan song, then he must succumb
                    To temperance egg-nog.

                       With founts of* inspiration dry,

                        Drab days all look alike.

                      The very hens but justify
                      A sympathetic strike.

Wise Saws and Modern Applications

A N ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. If there were no marriages,

    there would be no divorces.

    Sweet are the uses of adversity, but adversity, like olives, may be an acquired
taste.

    Happiness comes from mating with our opposites; but did you ever hear of a
beardless youth marrying a girl with a hare lip?

    All the world’s a stage, but don’t try to be the whole show.

    Consistency is a jewel, with which beauty is content to be unadorned.

    Men are but children of a larger growth. When our parents cease spanking us,
experience begins.

    A soft answer turneth away wrath, but that is no reason why you shouldn’t
take boxing lessons.

    Virtue is its own reward, and most of us go through life unrewarded.

/ Love is blind. It causes two people to think almost as much of each other as
they do of themselves.

There is nothing new under the sun. Even our mistakes have been made before.

    It is possible to reach a plan’s heart through his stomach; but that sort of man
would rather lost his heart than his appetite.
Sam S. Stinson

107

Mother Goose Up-to-date

I

                 /"\LD KING COLE was a merry?old soul,

And a merry old soul was he.

                     He called for his pipe and he called for his bowl,

                     An$ he called for his fiddlers three.

                     But his pipe is clay, and his bowl to-day
                     Is a grape juice brew. Oh, spare us!

                And his fiddlers three were drowned at sea	.

                     In a flood of apollinaris.

II

                    Dickery, dickery dock!

                   The thirst ran up the block
                   To the place at the corner,

                    Forlorn and forlorner.

                    Dickery, dickery dock!

III

                    Little Jack Horner kept at the corner
                    Stuff you could put in a pie.

                    The law put in its thumb and pulled out the rum,

                    - With a humor most certainly dry.

IV

                  Old Mother Hubbard she went to the cupboard
                  To get her poor dog a bone.

                   When she got there the cupboard was bare,

                    Bone dry in the bone driest zone.

Of Two Evils

"OEING a coward myself, I am an ardent hero worshiper. The golden chevrons
on a soldier’s sleeve intoxicate me with adulation. An aviator thrills me with
bliss. A man who can nonchalantly go to a dentist commands my admiration. Even
a married marL-inspires my respect.

    Consequently, when the circus manager volunteered to conduct me through his
realms of romance and mystery, my love of heroic deeds prompted me to accept.
First he pointed out his celebrities.

    “There is Signor Scario, my lion tamer,” he announced.

    I regret to say that Signor Scario scarcely looked the part. He seemed decidedly
anemic. “Still, you never can tell,” I mused. “He must be possessed of great
courage.”

    “To-night he has decided to sleep in the cage with his lions,” said my host.
    “Ah! What a brave man,” I exclaimed.

    “Oh, I don’t know,” replied the circus manager. “He has had a scrap with
his wife and he’s afraid to go home.”

    Well, it just spoiled my whole day.
108

The Silver Lining

SONNETS OF THE COMMONPLACE
To a Fried Egg

TO-DAY the golden sun sank in the west,

And as I watched its mellow afterglow,

And saw the changing colors come and go,

By vagrant cloudlets kissed and e’en caressed,
Unbidden tears came to my eyes distressed,

                  And caused my memory to overflow
                  With ever present dreams, and in my woe
                  I cursed the sun in very wretchedness.

For in the west, the world seemed turned to red,

And then a smear of yellow overcast
The sky; and as the color quickly spread,

Brought visions of my early morn’s repast;

And all the scene recalled, as from the dead,

The weary egg with which I broke my fast.

From the Dictionary of Experience—

J^UCK—The religion of fools.

    Flattery—Praise of other people.

    Past—The graveyard of buried hopes.

    Future—The millennium of resurrected dreams.

    Hope—Breaking a pair to draw a flush.

    Temptation—That which a person never puts off till to-morrow.

    Leisure—A life sentence for those who marry in haste.

    Age—That for which we have little respect unless it is bottled.

    Genius—A person who can make you believe that he, or she,, is smarter than
you are.

    Adaptability—An admirable quality possessed by a few people who can even
get used to being married.

    Wedlock—A tie that enables a woman to be miserable with one man rather
than to be happy with another.

A SPECTACLE to make the gods laugh is a married man and an old bachelor
    pitying each other.

T^ISCIPLINE is a thorn in the flesh of education. A girl can always learn to
    love a man if he makes the lessons easy enough.
The Mummers’ World

               By W. Carey Wonderly

 AMONG the musical plays of the
/% season ‘'The Royal Vagabond”
must r^nk well in the front line,
if only because of the workman-like job
which 'George M. Cohan has done with
an o’d-fashioned opera comique. In the
early stages, Jhis musical entertainment
apparently was a hopeless mass of an-
cient humor, silly lines, and lugubrious
plot. In the hinterland, when first pro-
duced, and where the name of Cohan is
an open sesame to every pocketbook, au-
diences walked out on it, and the Critics
damned with faint praise. I am willing
to admit that after witnessing the
opening down in Baltimore, I was thor-
oughly convinced that “The Royal Vaga-
bond” henceforth should be known as
“The Royal Bloomer.” Without doubt,
it was the most tiresome musical concoc-
tion through which I had ever sat.

  This same entertainment is now num-
bered, and quite rightly, among the most
successful stage pieces in New York.
For “The Royal Vagabond” on view at
the Cohan and Harris Theatre contains
about all of the ingredients necessary to
find favor with the most discriminating
playgoer. How George M. Cohan has
done it, I do not know; but that he'*has
done it, I am positive, for I have seen
the piece both before and after. If ever
bricks were made without straw, it has
been done in this instance.

  The program states that “The Royal
Vagabond” is a “Cohanized” opera com-
ique; which means., I take it, that its
sponsor has satirized an old-fashioned
libretto. The result is an entertainment
of real humor, insinuating melodies, and

a setting worthy of the Follies and the
Winter Garden: Without a doubt, “The
Royal Vagabond” is the best dressed
show that Cohan and Harris have ever
put out.

  The opening ensemble, with its explan-
atory solos and choruses, gives at once
the keynote to the entertainment. Here
are the merry villagers who sing of
“Opera, comic opera”; and here are
Chef check, the inn-keeper, who tells in
song of his pretty daughter; and Marcel,
the barber, who has an eye on the pretty
daughter and a mortgage on her father’s
inn. Of course, the pretty daughter,
Anitza, doesn’t love Marcel, and of
course Marcel threatens to foreclose the
mortgage unless Anitza becomes his
bride—all old stuff, old situations, but
treated humorously—Cohanized too. The
Soldiers’ Chorus, with the four prancing,
dancing soldiers, is an inspiration. Im*
agine, with the stage full of a cheering
populace, singing, “Here Comes the Sol-
diers,” there appears on the scene an
army of exactly four men, and they, ap-
parently, followers of St. Vitus.

  Anitza refuses to marry Marcel be-
cause she is in love with a revolutionist,
who, I believe, is called Franz. The
name is not on the program, and various
persons on the stage pronounce it dif-
ferently, so that it may be Fernand.
When her father tries to compel her to
wed the barber, Anitza hurries to the
royal palace, where she implores the
Queen Mother to save her from a love-
less union. But the Queen has troubles
of her own, for her son, Prince Stephen,
insists that he is in no great hurry to

109
110

The Mummers’ World

marry the Princess Helena, so that when
Anitza appears upon the scene, the
Queen thinks she cannot do better than
obey her father. Which moves Anitza
to speak to Prince Stephen, and she finds
the prince very like her lover, Franz. Of
course, Stephen and Franz are one and
the same, and when a revolution is under
way and ultimately succeeds, the future
King of Bargravia becomes the country’s,
first president, and with the bars of caste
down, weds Mistress Anitza.

  There is a goodly measure of charm
about this concoction, but it is the satire
rather than anything else that makes
“The Royal Vagabond” the healthy suc-
cess it is. Only those who have seen
the two versions of this musical piece can
realize and appreciate what Mr. Cohan
has done with an old-fashioned skeleton.

  Much of the music is lovely, my pref-
erence being for “Where the Cherry
Blossoms Fall” and “Love of Mine.”
These two numbers, with a stirring
march song, “Democracy,” are the work
of Dr. Anselm Goetzl. Mr. Cohan him-
self has supplied a brace of hints in
‘*Good-by, Bafgravia,” and “In a King-
dom of Our Own,” the last winning
countless encores through the introduc-
tion of some very attractive children,
hskilfully drilled. “Charming” is a pretty
number by Joseph McCarthy and Harry
Tierney, and, lastly, Sir Arthur Sullivan
is resurrected for “The Flowers That
Bloom in the Spring.”

  This gem from “The Mikado” is sung
bv Robinson Newbold, who, incidentally,
must be credited with the individual hit
of the evening. Mr. Newbold, whose bid
to fame hitherto has been his resemblance
to Raymond Hitchcock, now comes for-
ward as a successful comedian on his
own. His humor is legitimate and it may
safely be said he has arrived. Opposite
him in many of the scenes appears Fran-
ces Demarest, as the First Lady of the
Bath. Miss Demarest is as handsome as
ever, and acquits herself with credit
throughout the performance.

  The dual role of the prince and revolu-
tionist is played by Frederic Santley, a
brother of the more famous Joseph; and
while Mr. Santley is an improvement
over his predecessor, the thought is there
that he is a trifle plump for a romantic
role. He looks better as the prince than
he does as the revolutionist. Tessa Kosta
is pleasing as Anitza, singing and look-
ing well throughout. Winifred Harris is
“every inch a queen” in her long, trailing
gowns, and Grace Fisher is a lovely
Princess Helena, whom the prince re-
fused—probably because he heard her
sing. John Goldsworthy, besides know-
ing how to read lines, makes a handsome
Colonel Petroff, and Loui^ Simon scores
second comedy honors as Janku, an
apothecary.

  As in all Cohan shows, dancing be-
comes an important part of “The Royal
Vagabond/’ and from the Soldiers’
Chorus to the featured principals, there
is much excellent dancing. Dorothy
Dickson, who seems to be the legitimate
successor to Mrs. Castle, has a little girl
air, and a charming trick of lifting one
shoulder which should assure her suc-
cess even were she a less gifted danseuse.
I think I like Miss Dickson the best of
present day dancers. With Carl Hyson,
her partner off-stage as well as on, she
gives an exhibition of some grotesque
stepping which, in the vernacular, was a
riot. Another charming dancer was
Mary Eaton, a pretty blonde, who seemed
as light as thistledown. Then, there were
Gladys Zell and Edna Pierre who at-
tempted more syncopated measures with
Mr. Santley and Mr. Robinson.

  The three acts are beautifully staged,
and the costuming is charming, yet every-
thing is in good taste, a thing of brains
as well as money. Deservedly so, “The
Royal Vagabond” is the most successful
musical entertainment in New York.

  Another excellent and successful mu-
sical piece is on view at the Shubert The-
atre, “Good Morning, Judge,” built from
the Pinero farce, “The Magistrate.” This
W. Carey Wonderly

111

divertisement is now in its second year
at the Adelphi Theatre, London, where
it is running under the name of “The
Boy.” With such a basis for its plot, it
would seem that the entertainment
couldn’t possibly go wrong, and for once
the rule holds good. We are provided
with an evening’s pleasant pastime.

  The plot, while not remarkable for its
freshness, is undeniably funny. M-illi-
cent Cavanaugh, a widow with one son,
has married Horatio Meebles, chief ma-
gistrate of the Bromley Street police
court. Since her age is a delicate subject
with the lady, she has calmly struck off
five or six years, though this has proved
to be something in the nature of a boom-
erang since it keeps Hug hie, the son, in
Eton jackets and makes him out to be
fifteen years old instead of twenty—and
Hughie doesn’t feel fifteen years old. At
the parties, he kisses all the pretty girls
because Hughie s “just a boy.” Like-
wise, he has fallen in love with his music
mistress, a most delectable young person
known as Joy. Hitghie and Joy furnish
the subject for the motif of the musical
score, an arresting little number named
“I Am So Young and You Are So Beau-
tiful.”

  But news reaches Mrs. Meebles of the
arrival in London of Colonel Bagot from
Bengal. The Colonel is Hughie’s god-
father and knows to the day the date of
Hughie’s birth. Mr. Meebles has in-
vited Colonel Bagot to dine with them
the next evening, and Mrs. Meebles
trembles for the result. After her guests
have gone, she prevails upon her sister
to accompany her to the Colonel's hotel,
where she will explain the defect in her
son’s age, and trust to Bagot’s honor.
But before Mrs. Meebles and her sister
Diayia can get away, Master Hughie ap-
pears upon the scene not in Eton jacket
but in evening clothes, and he inveigles
Mr. Meebles into going with him to a
masquerade supper dance at the Cosmos
Hotel. Mr. Meebles, sorely tempted,
falls, and sets out with his stepson.

8—l. s.

  The second act, at the Cosmos Hotel,
introduces Hughie and Mr. Meebles at
table with some pretty girls. When we
consider that Hughie is “so young,” it
must be admitted that he is a very fair
picker, and thoroughly familiar with the
night life of London. Joy turns up at
the Cosmos, and also Colonel Bagot, of
course. Then come Mrs. Meebles and
Diana, who have followed the Colonel
there. After some narrow escapes, and
when the entire cast is assembled within
the walls of the hotel, a raid occurs.
Policemen’s whistles are heard; there is
the flash of lanterns; the lights are ex-
tinguished and the proprietor begs every-
one to hide. There is a really funny
scene in which Mr. Meebles and Mrs.
Meebles hide under the same table in the
dark, without one knowing who the other
is. But the police are coming upstairs,
and Hughie, feeling his responsibility,
comes for Mr. Meebles and helps him to
escape over the skylights. The others
are not so successful, and Mrs. Meebles
and Diana, Colonel Bagot and Diana’s
fiance are arrested and taken to the
Bromley Street police court.

  Here Magistrate Meebles shows up
the next morning, much the worse for
his night at the Cosmos. He has no
mind to be troubled by anything or any-
body. When he is told there are two
women outside who have been taken in
a raid, Mr. Meebles sentences them to
six days in the workhouse. In vain, the
chief clerk and the sergeant try to reason
with Mr. Meebles. They implore him to
see the ladies before passing sentence,
but Mr. Meebles is the victim of “the
morning after,” and the ladies fall under
his displeasure. He orders them to the
workhouse, and then goes home.

  Of course, the ladies are none other
than Mrs. Meebles and Diana, a fact
which the chief clerk knew but the magis-
trate didn’t. So the clerk, instead of
obeying Mr. Meebles, appeals to his su-
perior, the chief magistrate, one Mr.
Burridge, who sends the ladies home.
112

The Mummers’ World

  Back home, there is an unpleasant mo-
ment, and then it is seen that everybody
has so much on everybody else that the
best way out is to forget and forgive.
Hughie is permitted to grow up and
discard his Eton clothes, and, it is pre-
sumed, he marries Joy. Mr. Meebles
finds Mrs. Meebles just as fascinating
at thirty-six as she was at one-and-thirty.
Diana goes to her lover’s embrace.

  First honors go to George Hassell for
his really splendid work as Horatio
Meebles. His makeup is a triumph. He
has never been seen to better advantage,
and like a true artist, he never misses a
point. The part of Hughie Cavanagh is
not especially easy to cast, since the actor
has to possess a semblance of youth and
at the same time have the experience in
playing to save the role from the risque.
It would be easy to “roughen up” Hughie,
and at the same time there must be a
strong temptation to do that very thing.
To his credit, be it-said, Charles King
gives a clean performance.

  His sister, Mollie King, a lovely blonde,
plays the part of Joy, the music mistress,
and with Charles sings the famous “I Am
So Young and You Are So Beautiful.”
Fortunately, neither of them boasts of
being a vocalist. Miss King gives her
usual imitations, although it seems as if
eleven o’clock were a little late for im-
pressions of Miss Barrymore and Eddie
Foy, however well done.

  An excellent performance is that given
by Margaret Dale as Mrs. Meebles,
while other well known players include
Cyril Chadwick, Shep Camp, Edward
Martindel, and Grace Daniels. The
chorus is especially decorative, with a
pair of splendid dancers in Cunningham
and Clements.

 Next to the “Young and Beautiful”
duet, the most striking number in the en-
tertainment is a captivating thing known
as “Swinging Doors,” which sureLy will
find its way to the dance orchestras and
phonograph records. “Dinky Doddle
Dicky” is another tuneful melody, while

“Sporty Boys” pleases doubly because of
George Hassell’s invaluable aid.

  Taken on the whole, “Good Morning,
Judge” is one of the best examples of
musical comedy on Broadway, with much
clean fun, tinkling music, and pretty
girls.

  The new Winter Garden show, “Monte
Cristo, Jr.,” is to my mind the best en-
tertainment ever offered at the country-
famous resort of the Tired Business
Man. There are those who will miss A1
Jolson, perhaps, but in the current ex-
travaganza will be found several come-
dians who do not work in vain, and on
the whole, “Monte Cristo, Jr.,” boasts
more “zip” than the Jolson show, “Sin-
bad.” Likewise, it is the best dressed
show in New York, and with a cast that
sounds like a benefit performance. '

  There is a real idea back of this new
extravaganza wherein the characters
from the present day are transferred back
to the time of ancient Rome. A clever
conceit is the introduction of the char-
acters from Dumas’ romance, in which
Mercedes, Fernand, Danglers, Madame
Caderouse, Haydee and Edmund Dantes
appear to step from the pages of a huge
book and walk off the stage. We are
shown the Harbor of Marseilles, the Is-
land of Monte Cristo, and the Carnival
at Rome—each a gorgeous stage picture,
peopled with colorful characters.

  In the vernacular, there is something
doing from the first curtain. An ex-
cellent comedy bit is contributed by Tom
Lewis, who plays the part of a crook who
will “lift” anything from a pocketbook
to a slfe. The plot concerns the love
affairs of a group of modern mortals,
the poor young Monte falling a victim to
the charms of Mercedes. Mercedes is
enacted by Audrey Maple, so that
Monte’s infatuation is understood. But
the lady’s friends and relatives seek to
break off the attachment between Mer-
cedes and Monte, with the result that
Monte falls asleep and dreams himself
and his companions back in the days of
W. Carey Wonderly

113

Edmund Dantes. Here he accumulates
great wealth and discovers the falseness
of Mercedes, so that at the final curtain,
we find our hero paired off with the
faithful Haydee, while Mercedes seeks
life happiness with another man. It is
probably the first time in the history
of the theatre that the blonde turns out
to be the adventuress, and the brunette
lady gets the hero. Comparisons, of
course, are odious, but Miss Maple is a
pretty young woman, though it is true
that we are given an opportunity of see-
ing more of Flore Revalles.

  Charles Purcell plays Monte Cristo,
Jr., and achieves very satisfactory re-
sults. Herein, he is seen to better ad-
vantage than he was earlier in the sea-
son in “The Melting of Molly.” But
then, “Molly” was a woman’s play, and
since it gave Isabel Lowe such splendid
opportunities, we mustn’t cavil. Purcell
has a pleasing personality and a good
voice, which is heard to fine results in
“Broadway Butterfly” and “Mr. Monte
Cristo,” the latter the song-hit of the
piece.

  Of Miss Maple, we have spoken. That
she is a principal woman who can stand
comparison with any of the beauties of
the chorus is significant. Next, I liked
best the Watson sisters. While it is evi-
dent that their methods are frequently
of the variety stage, loud and direct,
their humor, especially that of Fanny,
is good-natured and distinctively Ameri-
can in tone, writh the result that they
seldom fail to please. When they paired
off with the Dooleys, the sum total was
up in the billions, as our English friends

say. The Vampire Dance by Gordon
and William Dooley was quite the fun-
niest thing these brothers have done.

  Adelaide and Hughes are the featured
dancers,- with their Wedding Number
and the Toy Dance standing out. This
couple was never seen to better advan-
tage, and it probably is true that this en-
gagement will do more to enhance their
popularity than anything they have yet
done. Adelaide’s is distinctly a Winter
Garden personality, combining as she
does French chic with the wit and bril-
liance of the Irish intelligence.

  Esther Walker, from vaudeville, has
come in for a great deal of attention in
this new extravaganza, but I must admit
that Miss Walker failed to impress me
very much. She is an excellent number
leader for a certain type of song, but I
cannot see that she is a star by any
means, and for the rest, the Garden is
still lacking a “big” woman.

  Charles (Chic) Sale is seen briefly
and, as usual, scores. Virginia Fissinger
returns in this show, and Ralph Herz
plays several bits in legitimate manner,
his Rev. Fluffy Ruff in the Prison Scene
being genuinely funny. Sydney Jarvis
sings, and shouldn’t, while Flore Revalles
is picturesque in appearance and secret-
ive in speech. There are girls and girls
and girls, all of them pretty, all of them
well-dressed, if not well covered.

  It has become the fashion to acclaim
each new Winter Garden extravaganza
as the “best ever,” but cold facts seem
to point that the Messrs. Shubert have
outdone themselves with “Monte Cristo,
Jr.” It has melody, wit, and beauty.

AL" rAYS remember that a woman may say what she means, without meaning
   what she says.

| KNOW a girl who absolutely does not flirt, but she will be thoroughly proficient
    by the time she is twelve.
White Treasure

By Cyrus Townsend Brady
A THREE-PART STORY—PART III

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING INSTALLMENTS:

    Barbara Le Moyne, after seeing Christopher Keene fight for his life against five Malays
on the Pacific coast, rides away for help but finds, on her return, that he has disappeared.
Later, in San Francisco, Barbara is courted by Longfield, who introduces Keene to her. Long-
field, who has all but won Barbara’s consent to marry him, has deliberately courted Keene’*
friendship. There is something mysterious about Longfield, and Keene’s suspicions are aroused.
Keene is in San Francisco in search of a clue to the scene of his fight with the Malays. The
wounds he received in that encounter have wiped from his mind all memory of the location
of the spot at which he had buried a treasure, brought, through great dangers, from Asia to
America. Barbara unwittingly gives him the name of the bay.

VI

KEENE went away in a more happy
frame of mind than had Long-
field. She had not wittingly told
him, but into his mind had flashed her
careless words, “Bay San Juan.” That
was enough. He sought his room at the
club, got his map and put his finger upon
it at once. There! His long adventure
was to end at that spot—end in success.
And, a new adventure was to begin. A
never-ending adventure with a woman,
a woman who thought him a traitor, yet
who had returned his kisses; a woman
who had pledged herself to another, yet
who had not shrunk from his embrace.
Longfield? Sooner than permit her to
degrade herself by such an alliance, he
would kill her, or, better still, kill the
man!

  It would have been easy to dispose of
Longfield, but Keene decided to let him
do his worst, and, despite Him, to carry
out his own great design single-handed.
Let Longfield look to himself. He would
have need of all his finesse and trickery
to stop Keene now.

Keene went to the window. Dawn

114

was at hand. As he looked out across the
square, he saw a man lurking under the
trees, staring at the building. There was
something suspicious in his movements.
Could it be that some creature of Long-
field’s was spying upon him?

  Keene changed his clothes quickly.
His bag was already packed. He had
intended to leave for the North by the
morning train. He would go now.

  The streets were empty when he set
forth. The city was not yet awake.
That made it more difficult for the man
to follow him undetected. Keene, realiz-
ing how dose his pursuer was, turned
a corner, waited, confronted him, struck
him down before he could jump back or
voice a cry.

  He watched the man roll senseless into
the gutter. When Keene struck, he
struck hard. That was his precept, or at
any rate, his practice. Miss LeMoyne
could bear testimony to that in the mat-
ter of kisses. Longfield would also be in
a position to give evidence as to his strik-
ing force—later. So his thoughts ran,
as he hurried down the gray street.

  It was not yet ten o’clock when Long-
field presented himself at Barbara Le-
Cyrus Townsend Brady

115

Moyne’s house and demanded to see her.
She had gone to bed after the exciting
episodes of the night, and toward morn-
ing had fallen into a deep sleep from
which her maid had difficulty in arousing
her at Longfield’s insistence. She
dressed rapidly and swept down upon
him in an exquisitely becoming morning
gown. He kissed her hand, led her into
the morning room, and closed the door.
He did not mince matters ;?the exigency
was too great.

  “Keene!” he began. “I’ve lost him. I
I had him shadowed. He knocked down
my man and got away. Do you know
anything of him?”

  She nodded* Concealment, secrecy,
were not in her blood any more than was
cowardice.

  “He was here,” she said with that bold
frankness which so became her and
which ordinarily he liked but which he
now found strangely irritating.

  “Here! This morning! But you were
not up!”

  “Last night I”

  “Last night! After I left?” She
nodded again. “In this house?” he de-
manded angrily.

  She did not like his tone, his manner.
He was losing control of himself in his
jealousy, anger, and disappointment.
Her next w^ords did not tend to restore
his equilibrium.

  “Not in the house; in the garden,” she
said coolly.

  He stared at her. By a violent effort,
he got back some, at least, of his self-
control and spoke more gently, as if re-
monstrating.

  “And you were alone with him^ you
permitted—my affianced wife—”

  “Not yet,” she said quickly.

  “You had speech with him. What did
he say—what did he want—did he admit
—did you tell him—?”

  “I told him that you said he was a
traitor, and sought to betray his country
to Germany.”

  “Ah— Anything else?”

 “Nothing,” she answered shortly.

 “Did he tell you where he hid the—”
 He stopped, but she promptly finished
 his sentence for him.

 “The platinum? No, he does not
 know. I could have told him.”

 “But you did not?”

 “No.”

 “And you will tell me?”

 “No.”

 “Why not?”

 “I could not help him and I will not
 help you,” was her amazing answer.

 He stamped his foot in impotent rage
 despite his effort to restrain himself.

 “He is an enemy,” he protested. “I
 must know where he has gone and where
 he has concealed the platinum. If you
 can help me and don’t, you will be as
 guilty as he. The Secret Service—”

 “I know nothing as to that,” she an-
 swered, maintaining her ground. “I told
 him that when his villainy had been ex-
 posed and prevented and he was pun-
 ished for it, I had agreed to marry you.”
 “And what did he say to that ?”

 “He agreed. He said if he were what
 you said he was, he deserved to lose
 me—

 “ ‘Lose you’! Is he mad ? Does he
 dare to—”

 “He says he loves me, and I believe he
 does.”

 “And you are waiting for him, too?”
 “For one of you.”

 “Which one?”

 “That depends on—” but he did not
 let her finish; he knew.

 “Good ! When I come to you. with the
 proof of his treachery in my hand!”
 “Then I will add my hand to it.”
 Perhaps she would never have made
 so bold an avowal if, with every passing
 moment, she had not become more and
 more convinced of the entire innocence
 of Keene, however black might, nay
 must, be the case the Secret Service,
 as represented by Longfield, had piled
 up against him.

 She had never se^en Longfield so agi-
116

White Treasure

 tated and so angry. She had not believed
 it possible that he could give way to such
 violent emotion. She liked him less than
 ever, and carefully drew away from him.
 One madman had taken her in his arms
 and kissed her. She would not suffer an-
 other to do so.

  He burst out furiously:

  “I thought before, that I fought Keene
for the greatest of all stakes. I was
mistaken. You are thrown into the bal-
ance. Platinum and the woman ! I mean
to have them both. Let him look to it!
Good-by.”

  By the time Longfield took up the pur-
suit, Keene was well on his way to Bay
San Juan. The engineer, in a swift au-
tomobile, had been able to catch the early
morning newspaper express at a station
far up the line. He had succeeded in
concealing his movements perfectly.
Longfield; however, was not worried by
his disappearance. He was sure that
Keene would remember where he had
concealed the platinum, and supposed
that his delay in disposing of it had risen
from some difficulty in the negotiations.

  At any rate, the discoveries of the past
few hours would precipitate matters, and
Longfield had no doubt that, if he could
get: to the place whence the woman had
witnessed the fight, he would there find
Keene and the platinum. Barbara Le-
Moyne had not told him where that place
was, but he knew where he had met her,
and she was, he reasoned, a person of
sufficient importance for him easily to
find where she had camped and possibly
some of, the men who had guided or
otherwise served her. With that knowl-
edge, the rest would be easy.

  He summoned half a dozen trusted
assistants, gave them explicit instruc-
tions, and they all boarded the same train
that afternoon. They were suitably dis-
guised, got on the train separately, did
not recognize one another, and debarked
at stations before and after the one near-
est that for Bay San Juan. Their move-
ments, by Longfield’s direction, were ex-

ceedingly circumspect. Longfield, in view
of the emergency, had ventufed upon the
risky act of chartering a special engine
and car, and had preceded them up the
line.

  When they arrived at the rendezvous,
they found him awaiting them with
weapons, two automobiles, and one
Dempsey, a deputy sheriff, whose services
he had enlisted. Dempsey had been one
of Miss LeMoyne’s party. He had heard
her account and had joined in the search
for the missing Keene on that day of
battle. Dempsey was told that Longfield
was an agent of the U. S. Secret Service,
and papers were exhibited that appeared
to substantiate the claim that he was on
the trail of a dangerous enemy of the
government, a traitor and a German sym-
pathizer. Dempsey was asked, as an of-
ficer of the law, to assist in thwarting the
plan and capturing the man. Longfield
declared that he would swear out a war-
rant against the accused for the murder
of the Malays, and that the rest would
be easy.

  He so inflamed the mind of the honest,
if not very bright, official, that Dempsey
was ready for anything. He offered to
organize a posse, but Longfield declared
this was not neccessary, as he had avail-
able certain deputies of his own whom he
had brought with him. Dempsey guided
them to the place of Miss LeMoyne’s
camp, which they reached late at night,
and offered at once to lead them to the
scene of the encounter, which was several
miles away.

  Now, Longfield had also discovered
from the station agent that Keene had
preceded him, that he had inquired the
way to Bay San Juan, that he had pur-
chased a few supplies, and had ridden off
alone that morning on a horse hired from
the local livery stable.

  Longfield knew that Keene had brought
off and concealed over six thousand
pounds of the precious metal. He could
not carry it alone. He could not even
get it ready for transportation by others
Cyrus Townsend Brady

117

in a day; therefore Longfield decided to
wait until morning before seeking fur-
ther. Unless Keene had chartered a boat,
he would have to come back by way of
the camp. Hence it would be impossible
for him to escape. Carefully apportion-
ing the watches for the night, Longfield
turned in and went to sleep, confident
that the next day would see the end of
Keene and the beginning of the end of
Barbara LeMoyne, though he did not
put it exactly in that way.

  Keene did just what Longfield had
conjectured he would do. He went on
alone to look over the ground, before
doing anything else. He had 110 idea
that Longfield was in the vicinity. He
did not for a moment believe that Bar-
bara had given Longfield any clue. He
felt perfectly safe.

  It was with the strangest feeling that
he drew rein on the little plateau whence
she had come to his assistance. It well
indicates his feelings that he thus at first
identified it, rather than by the battle he
had fought. As he surveyed the clear-
ing, it all came back to him. There he
had stood when Po-Yanpen had made
that furious lunge. There lie had
grappled with Wan-Aman. Over that
cliff, he had thrust the Malay. He
stepped to the edge and peered over.

  A tree growing far below him, near
the water’s edge, had been uprooted in
some autumn storm. Amid its roots he
saw the skeleton of one of the Malays—
Po-Yanpen himself, or Wan-Aman pos-
sibly—which had lodged there and had
been hidden by the tree. Held there by
the tree’s roots, it had not gone out to
sea with the rest. If the old tree had not
blown down, the body might have re-
mained concealed until it moldered away.
Some of the bright clofh of the jacket, a
part of the shining sarong, a faded hand-
kerchief, caught on the branches, told
their tale. He turned away to pleasanter
things.

  There he had fallen, only to awake in
her arms, so white against the heavenly

blue above him. There under that tree
she had dragged him before she left him.
He recalled how he had looked and lis-
tened. Down that hill he had crawled to
the boat. Upon that azure sea he had
been borne away.

  As he stared seaward, he gave thought
to young Seymour, who had shared all
his dangers, who had backed him up with
youthful energy and enthusiasm in the
long journey from Baku to within a few
days sail of that bay and shallow river
below him. If it had not been for the
devoted comradeship and loyal support
of Seymour, scarcely more than a boy,
even he could not have passed through
all the dangers. In keeping watch over
white men and brown men and yellow
men, strangers all, they had divided the
time. If Seymour had not broken down
at last, at the close of the long voyage
across the Pacific, almost in sight of the
goal, with success practically within their
grasp, Po-Yanpen would never have
dared attack him. He would never have
met Barbara. Young Seymour’s life
seemed to be another of those wondrous
ties that bound together the man and the
woman. And now he slept peacefully,
far below the tossing waves, beyond the
far horizon.

  Longfield? He lifted his head and
laughed at the thought of him, not mirth-
fully, but in scorn. As he did so, his eyes
fell upon the open_ crest of the over-
looking hill not far away—just out of
earshot, he noticed, as he remembered
how she had called to warn him and in
vain. She must have stood there. He
stared up at it and laughed again, but
differently, this time, in sheer gladness
of heart. He would go up there later.
He would stand where she had stood.
He would kiss the spot her feet had
hallowed.

  A traitor, he? His brow clouded at
the accusation. He had brought that
platinum across the world for the United
States. Why had he hidden it? For
safety, its safety and his own. He knew
118

White Treasure

he had been under surveillance, that
German spies were everywhere, that he
had narrowly escaped a thousand dan-
gers, that it was one thing to bring the
platinum to the shore and another to
deliver it. Besides, he wanted the pleas-
ure of giving it in his own way. He had
no bargains to make. The government
could have it for whatever it chose to
pay, or for nothing, after he had led its
agents to the place of concealment and
had said: “There it is, take it.” Of
course, now that Seymour was dead, he
felt morally bound to see that the boy’s
old mother back East got something out
of it.

  As for himself, he did not care. To
do the thing was reward enough. At
least, he had not cared until he dis-
covered he loved Barbara LeMoyne. She
was rich, not fabulously, but sufficiently
so for luxurious independence. He
would have liked to match fortunes with
her before seeking her hand. As it was,
he was almost at the end of his resources.
He had spent his money freely, the sav-
ings of years, in that dash from Russia
to California, and now it was practically
all gone.

  Besides, what did it matter. If she
loved him in the end, as he determined
she should, she would be as superbly in-
different to any such disparity as he was.
Love was all. Let her give him that, and
for interest on the obligation he would
return her—the world.

  His memory returned to him complete-
ly. He plunged into the forest path,
penetrated its deep recesses .unerringly,
marveling that he had ever forgotten,
until he stopped before the vine-covered
mouth of the cave, or niche, in the rocks,
upon which he had chanced and in which
he concealed his treasure. With hand
that trembled a little, he quickly lifted
the vines so as not to break the screen
and peered within.

  It was there!

  Six thousand pounds of platinum for
the American government!

VII

  Back in San Francisco, the wires were
calling Longfield, and in vain. He had
left the station up the road and had given
no address, the agent said, when the
cabalistic messages had been relayed to
Bay San Juan with frantic appeals for
instant delivery at any cost from ob-
viously anxious senders. There they lay
in the station awaiting his return.

  Other wires came from the East, not
the orient, but the Atlantic side of the
continent. And after reading one of
them, a quiet, soft-voiced, unobtrusive
man named Stevens called upon Miss
Barbara LeMoyne. He narrated little of
his plan or purpose, or even of his de-
sire. He showed her abundant evidence,
however, to establish himself in her good
graces. When he asked her questions
afterward, she answered fully and glad-
ly, withholding nothing. He was well
satisfied, apparently, with what he
learned, for he thanked her warmly as he
turned to go. Her last words checked
him.

  “Mr. Longfield told me that he, too,
was in the Secret Service of his govern-
ment. I think he must have gone to Bay
San Juan. If you find him, I have no
doubt you can count upon his giving you
every assistance.”

  She remembered afterward how the
man’s face had chang'ed as he stood
listening to her parting words. His lips
straightened under the sudden compres-
sion of his jaws, his eyes flashed. But
when he spoke, it was in the same
smooth, easy, pleasant, even gentle, way
she had noted.

  “Quite so. He told you that, did he?
Well, it’s quite true. On government
service! I should dearly love to meet
him, and I expect to do so.”

  Before he left the room, she called to
him:

  “I’ve told you everything?”

  “Yes.”

  “Tell me one thing in return.”
Cyrus Townsend Brady

119

  “If it does not run counter to my
duty.”

  “Do you think Mr. Keene is an enemy,
a traitor, as Mr. Longfield asserts?”

  ‘‘Dear Miss. Le Moyne, I rarely ‘assert’
anything myself. It’s dangerous, in my
work.”

  “You mean?”

  “Evidence is the only thing that
counts, and without it one is so apt to
be—ah—mistaken.”

  Her face lighted. She could not help
it. He stared at her, his eyes twinkling.

  “Pardon me the liberty,” he said gen-
tly, turning through the open doorway,
“but, for your sake, I hope not.”

  And with that somewhat enigmatical
remark, he was gone. What did he
mean? He had smiled as he vanished
from her sight. Somehow she took com-
fort from the fact. And she needed
comfort, for she could not escape the
conviction that she was not playing fair-
ly. She was inclining more and more
to one side; was it the right side? To
one man; was he the right man ? She
had something to do herself, she decided.
And for her, to decide was to act. She
rose and called her maid.

  There must have been some fatality
about the place where Keene spent the
night, that little open plateau by the cliff
overlooking the river where, he had been
caught napping before. For when he
opened his eyes in the morning it was
to gaze into no woman’s face, but to see
Longfield, who had indeed kicked him
roughly out of sleep and now stood over
him, gun in hand.

  “Get up. Got you at last,” he said
harshly.

  Keene, covered by the pistol, arose,
got on one knee, and then, with a scien-
tific football tackle as vigorous as it was
sudden, he bowled Longfield over like a
stricken tenpin.

  As the latter went down, for the tackle
was clean and low and hard, his. pistol
went off harmlessly and he called loudly
for help. He was no mean antagonist,

but Keene was a year or two younger
and as hard as nails. Longfield was a
bit soft, and the life he had lived had not
been so clean. The two, battling des-
perately, rolled over and over in the
clearing, but youth was finally served.
Longfield lay panting and exhausted, at
the mercy of his conqueror. Now, as he
knelt upon him, his hand on his enemy’s
throat, Keene was at a loss what to do
with him.

  He finally disarmed him, and having
possessed himself of both weapons,
Longfield’s and his own, he rose to his
feet and allowed the man he had just
mastered to sit up.

  “You nearly had me that time,” he
said coolly, “but it takes more than one
German blackguard to get me.”

  “What do you mean?” roared Long-
field furiously.

  “I mean what I say. You’re one of
the brutal, blood-thirsty, sneaking gang
of traitors that’s been hounding me since
I left Baku. I thought I’d shaken them
off, but you’re worse than all the others.”
“I am in the Secret Service,” said
Longfield quickly.

  “Doubtless, but of Germany.”

  “Lies, lies,” protested the man.
“Truth!” said the American imper-
turbably. “I suspected it at the club. The
way you looked at that poor mess boy,
the way you speak certain vowels, the
mouthing to which you give way. Why,
you almost said ‘haus-frau’ the other
night! You actually went away from
that dinner party humming ‘Heiden-
Roslein.’ I traced you to the closed sa-
loon of one of the most notorious enemy
aliens on the coast. I intend to give you
up as soon as I’ve delivered the platinum
to the government. That’s what you are
after, I suppose.”

 “That and the woman,” returned
Longfield insolently.

  “You’ll never get either.”

  “I mean to have both.”

  Longfield had his back to the bay and
river toward which Keene’s face was
120

White Treasure

turned. Longfield, who had got up be-
fore the others that morning and had
gone to the overlooking hill, had seen
Keene, still asleep, below him under the
trees. He could not resist the tempta-
tion to take him alone. Although his
attempt had resulted so disastrously, he
knew that his men, under Dempsey’s
guidance, would soon find him. Indeed,
he saw them creeping through the trees,
and he backed up his insolent rejoinder
by leaping at Keene, despite the other
man’s gun. The struggle was a brief
one. Before Keene’s superior strength
and skill could be used, Dempsey and
the six accomplices of Longfield had
seized him, disarmed him, and freed
Longfield.

  The latter was first to speak.

  “Sheriff,” he exclaimed in triumph, “I
accuse this man of the murder of certain
harmless and inoffensive Malays, one in
particular named Po-Yanpen! This is
his dagger,” he continued, showing the
weapon he had stolen from Barbara Le-
Moyne’s desk, unnoticed by her, two
days before.

  “I seen it afore,” said Dempsey.

  “And there is the body of the poor
man,” continued Longfield, who had
caught a glimpse below of the hideous
thing tangled up in the fallen tree by
the water’s edge.

  “Stranger,” said the deputy sheriff
grimly, laying his hand on Keene’s shoul-
der, “I guess you’re caught with the
goods. It’ll be jail for you.”

  “And I accuse him of being a traitor
to the United States Government in
bringing into this country and concealing
hereabouts a quantity of platinum with
intent to sell it to Germany,” went on
Longfield in relentless triumph.

  Things were coming his way; he held
all the cards in his hand. He would
be a fool indeed did he fail to play them.

  “Didn’t know nothin’ ’bout that plati-
num stuff,” said the deputy sheriff easily.
“Murder’s enough. It’s a hangin’ matter
hereabouts; sometimes a trial’s made un-

necessary,” he added gloomily. “The
boys frequently takes matters in their
own hands.”

  “Exactly,” said Longfield. He turned
to Keene. “You see?” he asked.

  “You damned scoundrel!” burst out
the other, whereat Longfield laughed
scornfully. Keene turned to Dempsey.
“Who are you?” he demanded.

  “I’m the deputy sheriff for this coun-
ty, mister.”

  “Have you a warrant for my arrest?”
“This is warrant enough, I reckon,”
said Dempsey, tapping his pistol.

  “You’re making the mistake of your
life in arresting me. I’m neither a mur-
derer nor a traitor.”

  “The court and the jury’ll have to settle
that,” answered Dempsey unconcernedly.

  “There’s the liar, the traitor,” Keene
went on passionately. “I accuse him of
being a German spy. Longfield! I’ll bet
my life against a nickel his name is Lang-
feld.”

  “Von Langfeld, if you please,” inter-
posed the other boldly.

  “There!” exclaimed Keene instantly.
“Look, sheriff, how the others are clos-
ing about you. They’ve got the drop on
you already.”

  “He said he was in the Secret Service
of the government,” began Dempsey un-
certainly.

  “And so I am, but of the German gov-
ernment,” admitted Longfield, or von
Langfeld, to give him his proper name.

  “Hell!” exclaimed Dempsey, reaching
for his gun.

  Before he could draw it, the others
seized him. And before they finished,
both men were bound and helpless.

  “Now,” said von Langfeld, “you’ve
led us a long chase and given us a hard
fight, Keene. But we’re at the end of
the road. You and this damned fool
here have got mighty few minutes to live
unless you do what I say, and do it
quick.” All the veneer of civilization fell
from him, and he stood revealed for what
he was.
Cyrus Townsend Brady

121

 “Stranger, I reckon here’s where we
 cash in,” said Dempsey. “I axes your
 pardon for bein’ sech a fool.”

 “Yes, you do, unless—”

 Von Langfeld paused and looked at
 the two bound men.

 “Unless what?” asked Dempsey,
 Keene disdaining to speak, knowing that
 neither he nor any other man of honor
 could accept any proposition the German
 would make.

 “Unless Keene tells me where the
 platinum is and confesses in writing that
 he is a traitor.”

 “And what’ll you do with his confes-
 sion?” asked Dempsey.

 “Show it to Miss LeMoyne,” answered
 von Langfeld.

 “Well, what’s the answer?” continued
 the sheriff, looking at his fellow prisoner.

 “What would your reply be?” asked
 Keene in turn, smiling a little.

 “See him damned first.”

 “Exactly. We are agreed.”

 Von Langfeld swore savagely, reached
 -forward and struck Keene heavily
 across the mouth.

VII

 When Barbara LeMoyne descended
 from the sleeping car at Bay San Juan
 station that morning, and confronted the
 quiet little man with whom she had con-
 versed the day before, and who had
 come up on the same train, it would be
 hard to say which was the more as-
 tonished. The two stared at each other
 until the man broke the silence.

 “Miss LeMoyne, what are you doing
 here!” he asked severely. “This is no
 game for a woman.”

 “Not when she is the stake for which
 men play?”

 “Ah, I see,” he added reflectively.

 “And, now that I am here I mean to
 help—” She paused.

 “Whom?” he asked.

 “You."

  “Good!” said the little man, who had
shrewdly appraised her. “This war has
taught us that women are absolutely to
be depended upon. I have learned dur-
ing the night that the man I am after
came here.”

  “Mr. Keene?”

  “Certainly, and others perhaps. Now
I want to get to the place where you
saw that battle of which you told me.
And if I can get a good man to guide
me, and perhaps help me, so much the
better.”

  “I can guide you myself. I know
every foot of the way.”

  “You could be of no help in—”
  “Could I not? Try me.”

  “By Heaven, I will. Let us get some
horses and go. Are you ready? Speed
is imperative.”

  “I’ll be ready when the horses are,
Mr. Stevens,” she answered, turning to-
ward the rude hotel across from the
station. “If you can get hold of a man
named Dempsey, tell him Miss LeMoyne
wants him.”

  As they mounted the horses, the man
told the woman that Dempsey had gone
away the day before with Longfield, into
the wilderness, no one knew where.

  And that was how and why the wom-
an, looking down from the bare hilltop
as she had done a few months before,
saw Keene assaulted a second time. Only
now it was no savage, uncivilized Malay
who sought to stab, but Longfield who
struck him, bound and helpless.

  But this time Barbara LeMoyne did
not scream as she had done before. She
watched Keene reel under the blow
which he could not return, and noted
with thankfulness that it was not re-
peated. She saw the cowardly assailant
turn away. Her eyes were opened at
last. She could almost rejoice over what
she saw, save for Keene’s sake. It had
enlightened her. She knew now which
was true man, which was traitor, and
which she loved. She looked at the man
at her side. He, too, had seen, of course*
122

White Treasure

but he did not seem so much surprised
as indignant.

  “It was to be expected,” he said in
answer to her look. “German spies be-
have worse than that as a rule.”

  “German spies! Is he—oh, thank
God!” she burst out brokenly.

  The man comprehended instantly what
was back of her ejaculations.

  “Time enough to thank God when
we’ve got him,” was his practical com-
ment.

  “And Mr. Keene?”

  ‘Tm not altogether sure of him yet,
Miss LeMoyne,. but it doesn’t look as
if he stood in with that gang any too
well,” was his cautious yet reassuring
answer.

  She faced him with indignation, but
he stopped her with upraised hand.

  “No time for argument. Whether its
a case of villains falling out or not,
we’ve got to get that scoundrel Long-
field.”

  “You’ll find that Mr. Keene—”

  “We’ve got to release him, too. I had
no idea that Longfield had brought a
gang with him, but I can’t wait to as-
semble a posse. We must deal with the
situation ourselves. Look yonder!” he
exclaimed.

  He pointed far out to sea and then
drew a small three-power glass from his
pocket, focussed it swiftly, and after
one look handed it to her. She soon
made out a stout motorboat coming up
the coast at a rapid rate in the smooth
seas.

  “He’s planned everything,” continued
the man. “That’ll be his boat. They
mean to get the—”

  “Platinum,” she interposed, as he hesi-
tated.

  “How’d you know ? No matter. We’ve
got to stop ’em now. I wish you were a
man.”

  “They are seven against us two,” she
said swiftly. “We’ll have to try to trick
them. Perhaps you’ll find a woman’s wit
will serve. Listen.”

  Rapidly she outlined her plan while
he listened, his face lighting.

  “Good,” he said. “We’ll try it. Are
you armed?”

  For answer, she handed him her pis-
tol, a small but serviceable automatic,
which she drew from her jacket pocket.
In that brief interval at the hotel, while
he got the horses, she ha'd dressed her-
self for riding. She wore just what she
had worn before when she had plunged
down the hill to help Keene the first
time. She threw back her jacket as
Stevens took the pistol, and disclosed a
small sheath-knife at her belt.

  “This will be all I need; you keep the
pistol,” she said simply.

  “Miss LeMoyne, I take off my hat to
you,” said Stevens admiringly. “You’re
better than a man in this situation. Good
luck to you. I’ll do my part, never
fear.”

  She nodded to him, thrilling a little
that she had won his praise—his com-
mendation was well worth having, she
had come to believe—and then she
mounted and rode cjown the familiar trail
toward the clearing and the two men
to whom she meant so much. Stevens
watched her until she had disappeared.
He waited for a time as agreed upon,
and then he went straight down the hill
afoot over places impossible for a horse,
moving slowly and with great caution as
he drew near to the open.

  “Do you see that fire?” asked von
Langfeld, pointing to a heap of blazing
brush his men had piled up at the foot
of a tree and had just lighted. He did
not wait for an answer, which would not
have been given in any case, but went
on: “When it gets a better start, we’re
going to warm your feet a little this cold
morning to stimulate your recollection
of the place where you hid the stuff.”

  “I know perfectly well where it is now,
you dog,” snarled out Keene.

  “Where ? Better tell me quick, unless
you have a fancy to go lame for the rest
f your short life.”
Cyrus Townsend Brady

123

  “Where you’ll never find it, you sneak-
ing spy!”

 Von Langfeld rushed toward him
ferociously, his hand upraised for an-
other blow, his face white with passion;
for Keene, who had no hope of rescue,
had counted upon a swift end by provok-
ing him to murderous assault. Any-
thing, he thought, would be better than
the slow torture of fire.

  “Why don’t you kill the traitor and
have done with him?” broke in Barbara
Lelvloyne at the instant. The German
stopped his rush and whirled about, his
hand on his pistol. “It’s only I,” she
went on, smiling at him as she spoke.
“Oh, I’m so glad to find you! The
Secret Service men are after—Mr.
Keene—” Von Langfeld did not catch
the pause, nor, for that matter, did
Keene, who was listening as if distraught
at this evidence that the woman he loved
had decided against him. “I came up
here to warn you. I knew you wanted
to have the glory of catching him your-
self,” she went on hurriedly.

  “Where are those Secret Service
men?” asked von Langfeld, looking
about him anxiously.

  “I don’t know. They didn’t come
with me.”

  “But you may have been followed.
It is most serious!”

  “Nobody followed me,” she protested,
as if the matter were of no moment.
“Come and help me down.”

  Reluctantly, for her presence some-
how seemed unaccountably threatening,
he lifted her from her horse and set her
on her feet. Keene said nothing. In his
heart was wonder, despair, pity too deep
for words. She did not look at him.
Dempsey intervened.

 “Miss LeMoyne,” he began, “you
know me. I’m true American all
through. That man you’re talkin’ to is
a damned traitor, an’ a thief to boot.
Keene’s o. k.”

  “Once I too thought Mr. Keene was
a true American,” she said gravely.

“I’m sorry to see you in such bad com-
pany, Dempsey.”

  This was too much for Dempsey. He
shut up like Keene. The woman went
on:

  “Why don’t we go, Mr. Longfield, now
that you’ve got him?”

  “The platinum,” he answered. “He
won’t tell where it is.” .

  “Why don’t your men search for it,
then? It must be hereabouts. They
came down that path, I remember,” she
said, pointing into the forest.

  Keene gritted his teeth together. There
was no doubt as to the genuineness of
her disbelief in him. She was playing
into von Langfeld’s hands in every way.
He opened his mouth to protest—and
then stopped. Suppose he could con-
vince her that von Langfeld was a vil-
lain, in what terrible danger would she
not be plunged by that discovery ? What
might not the German do to her ? He
turned to Dempsey and whispered his
thought, whereat the sheriff nodded and
also refrained from speech. If he came
out alive, he could convince her; if he
died, it would not matter to him. Yet
he would have died gladly to warn her.

  “A good, an excellent idea!” exclaimed
van Langfeld. “Two of you watch the
prisoners, two of you follow the trail
yonder and see where it leads. One of
you tend the fire and you”—he pointed
at the last—“go down to the river and
see if the boat is coming.”

  As the men hastened to follow these
directions their chief turned to Barbara.

  “You promised me, after I had caught
him—”

  “Yes, I did,” she answered promptly.

  “Well, then—”

  He made a step toward her. As in
sudden timidity or bashfulness, she
stepped hastily backward. She was be-
tween him and the two prisoners.
Dempsey was reclining against a rock.
Keene was standing erect. Each was
securely bound as to hands and merely
hobbled as to feet. Two disarmed men
124

White Treasure

amid half a dozen enemies did not require
extra lashings. They could never release
themselves unaided. The two men told
off to guard the prisoners were behind
Von Langfeld. The others were already
moving away according to orders. Bar-
bara backed close to Keene, who was
nearest her.

  “Not now, not before—” she cried,
with well simulated reluctance. As she
spoke, she put her hands behind her.

  Keene was almost blind with rage.
What was Von Langfeld about? Demp-
sey had no such reason to obscure his
vision and cloud his judgment. He saw
the flash of a knife in the girl’s hands
and he straightened up and touched
Keene quickly with his foot, the loose
lashing giving him a certain freedom of
motion.

  Instantly Keene understood. His hands
were in front of him, his arms held to
his side by his own waist belt, which had
been buckled about them. His fingers
closed over the knife. And which was
the more precious to him, the weapon or
the knowledge that she knew the truth,
he could scarcely say.

  She smiled at Von Langfeld as she re-
leased the knife. He thought the smile
was for him and, stepping forward,
caught her in his arms. The men behind
him turned away with a consideration
begotten perhaps of the thought that
their master might not care to have his
love making observed.

  “Now!” cried Von Langfeld as he
drew her to him, finding her strangely
yielding to his embrace. She had sur-
rendered herself to Keene’s embrace a
few nights before, but this yielding was
different. Then it was spontaneous, de-
spite herself; this was calculation. “Be-
fore them all,” continued Von Langfeld,
bending to kiss her and thinking how
doubly sweet would be that kiss wiith
Keene looking on.

  But betwixt lip and lip there is many a
slip, as he was to learn. With incredible
quickness and equal courage, Barbara,

with her free hand whipped out the pistol
from the holster of the utterly unsuspi-
cious German, and, pressing the barrel
hard into his stomach as she did so, cried
out:

  “Hands up!”

  It would have been better if she had
pressed the trigger without a word. For
a moment he stood motionless. Keene
had cut Dempsey’s bonds, and the sheriff
had seized the knife and done him the
same service. As Keene stooped to cut
his feet free, he heard Barbara’s trium-
phant cry. So did Von Langfeld’s other
men. They turned. But before they
could draw a weapon, Stevens’ pistol got
the first. He stepped out from behind
a tree and covered the others. At the
same time, he threw Barbara’s pistol to
Dempsey, and the three remaining Ger-
mans being helpless, Barbara stepped
back and handed Von Langfeld’s pistol
to Keene.

  Before he could take it, the big German
awoke to action. The game was not lost;
there were two men still with him. Two
were running back toward him down the
path; the man going down to the shore
had stopped and turned at the sound of
the shot. They were, or soon would be,
six to three and one woman. Von Lang-
feld was a two-gun man. He took ad-
vantage of the second in which Keene
permitted himself to look at Barbara to
spring back and sideways.

  “For the Fatherland!” he shouted,
drawing his second weapon. “I’ll get
you, anyway!” He leveled his pistol at
Keene and pressed the trigger.

   The girl, first of all, sensed the danger.
She threw herself before the man she
loved and was shot down. Then Keene
went mad. The rage of the old berserker
overcame him. He dropped the pistol
and sprang at Von Langfeld.

  The latter, unnerved because to him
had come in a flash the awful conviction
that he had killed the woman he loved,
as much as it was in him to love anyone,
hastily fired at the man leaping upon him
Gray Walls

125

like a raging tiger. He had no time to
decide whether or not he had scored a hit
before Keene seized him. In his mad
fury the American could have torn him
limb from limb. He lifted him up in the
air bodily. Von Langfeld struggled furi-
ously. He saw death at hand. He might
as successfully have coped with the wild
passion of the American as a leaf might
withstand the hurricane. For one second
he cursed, he prayed, and then he fell.
Through the air he hurtled, over the cliff
he drove, to join Wan-Aman and Po-
Yanpen.

  Keene did not wait to see him fall ; he
did not hear him crash and break on the
rocks below. He did not take any further
part in the fierce battle by which Dempsey
and Stev^is presently got the better of
the remaining spies as they came on.
The bullets whistled about him unheeded

as he knelt down and raised the woman
he loved.

  The old situation was reversed. He
sought to do for her what she had done
for him. With nervous hands he tore
away her dress. The wound was in her
shoulder. It was not fatal, not even dan-
gerous. She had fainted after that in-
stinctive movement to shield him. His
caresses, as potent as fhe spirit she had
once used, called her back to life and love
in his arms.

  “I doubted you,” he whispered. “God
forgive me, I doubted you.”

  “It was you all the time, didn’t you
know, didn’t you feel ?” she made answer,
her soul in her gaze.

  And once again she gave back his
kisses, not so hard as those in the garden,
as he pressed his White Treasure to his
heart.

  GRAY WALLS

By Mary Morsell

«§OMEWHERE there is a land unhemmed by walls,
A place of vast free spaces where the sea
Laughs in the sun, and every white ship calls,

 ‘Come, rove with us, for we alone are free/ ”

 You spoke, and then I followed after you,

 Stumbled along a thousand rock-strewn ways,
 Journeyed by starlight and in morning dew
 Till wearily, and after endless days
 We saw across the hilltops to a land

 Of boundless vistas, looking toward the sea—

 A place with no engirdling walls on either hand
 To hem love in, nor make man less than free.

 We hastened, joyous, to our paradise,

 But scarcely had we claimed it as our own
 When, from the silent valleys, seemed to rise
 The same gray walls that we had always known.
LIVE STORIES AND THE GOLDEN KEY

rJ',HERE was once a man who lived in a valley—a pretty valley, but there was no

    creek in it, and the man was lonely for the sound of running water.

    Then the man said:

    “I shall go up to the top of the hill and dig a well and draw water therefrom
and pour it onto the hillside so it will run down and form a creek in my valley/’

    And he did so.

    Very soon a little stream went leaping and shouting down the hill, and clapped
its hands at sight of the pretty valley and crooned, softly, to itself.

    The man saw and heard and was greatly pleased. Then he said:

“Now, I shall go down into my valley and enjoy the rivulet I have made.”

    And he went down.

When he had descended and stood in the valley the stream had disappeared.

    He forgot, you see, that the stream was of his making, and could last only
while he drew water from the well and poured it out onto the hillside.

    You say he was a very foolish man.

    No doubt. Still, you must know many very foolish men who conduct their
business with no more wisdom than the man in the valley showed in making a creek.

    Don’t you know men who started their business with a rush, gained a certain
speed, and then sat back to hear things hum?

    Generally they fall asleep and awaken to find there is no stream flowing through
the valley.

    The editors of Live Stories know nothing of any business, except the making
of a magazine.

    Maybe, they don’t know much about that.

    One thing, however, they know:

    If the stream is to go on running delightfully through the valley, the water
must, forever and ceaselessly, be drawn from the well and poured out on the hillside.

    This, at least, the editors of Live Stories know.

It is to this they are bending every effort and giving constant attention.

    They are not satisfied. They will never be satisfied.

    The last word is so difficult to reach! The last word? Silently, steadily, it
removes itself farther and farther as the weary pursuit goes on.

    But you, they want to please. They want, at least, with each issue, to come
nearer to pleasing you.

    In this task, they need your aid.

    You must tell them the whys and the wherefores.

    Will you?

    Just a word about what you like or don’t like and why?

Remember, out of the deep well of your understanding, the editors draw their

inspiration.

Let’s keep that little stream going down into the valley of your mutual delight.
“American Beauties99

owe much of their attractiveness to their beautiful Eyes adorned with
long, luxuriant, silky Eyelashes and perfectly formed Eyebrows—
‘those Fringed Curtains which Veil the Eyes,” and give to them
that rare charm of expression, which all women prize so highly,

and which is so greatly admired by women and men alike. If Nature has
denied you these Beauty Aids, do not despair. You mayjiow have
them if you will apply just a little

     ZZe/ntmAer /Ae/u/ZAb/ne -/fc/mz/a/et/

persistently for a short time. Its purpose is to nourish and stim-
ulate the Eyelashes and Eyebrows in a natural manner thereby
promoting their growth and adding beauty to the face.

T ocVi Rt-rk-MT Ttio is a pure, delicately scented cream, guaran-
UIUW”lIlC teed to be absolutely harmless. It has
been tested and approved by the best chemists and beauty specialists
of America. Thousands of women, in society, as well as stars of the
stage and screen, have been delighted with the results obtained by its
use, why not you?

  TWO SIZES SOc and $1

Send price and we will mail you “LASH-BROW-INE,” and our
Maybell Beauty Booklet, “The Woman Beautiful” prepaid under plain
cover. SATISFACTION ASSURED OR PRICE ^REFUNDED.
AVOID DISAPPOINTMENTS WITH INFERIOR IMITATIONS.

The wonderful success attained by “LASH-BROW-
INE” has caused the name to be closely imitated.
There is only one genuine “LASH-BROW-INE.”
Look for the picture of the Girl with the Rose,
same as above, which appears on every box. You
can identify the genuine with this picture.
Remember the full name “LASH-BROW-INE”
and insist on getting it.

LABORATORIES, 4305-27 Grand Blvd., CHICAGO

MAYBELL

Why Run-down Pale
Exhausted WbMEN
Should Tike Iron

 . T^ere caft k® no beautiful,
 healthy, roay-cheeked, steady
 nerved women without iron. When
 the iron goes from the blood of
 ‘Women, the roses go from their
 cheeks—their charm and attract-
 iveness depart. I always insist that
 my patients take organic iron—•
 Nuxated Iron—(not metallic iron
 ■which often corrodes the stomath.
 and does more harm than good).
 Nuxated Iron is easily assimi-
 lated, does not blacken nor in-
 jure the teeth nor upset the
 stomach. It will increase the
 strength and endurance of weak,
 nervous, irritable, careworn,
 haggard women in two weeks'
 time in many casts. I have
 used it in my own practice
 with most surprising results.”—
 1" erdinand King, M.D., well known
 New York Physician and medical!
 author. (Satisfaction guaranteed
 or money refunded—On sale at all
 good druggists./

Nuxated Iron

Crainiiuj jor /TuHtorsliip

HoW to Write, What to Wr ite,
and Where to sell.,

Cultivate your mind. Dev'elop
jyour literary gifts.Master the

                      art of self-expression. Make
                      your spare lime profitable.
                      'Turn your ideas into dollars.
                      Courses in Short-Story Writ-
                      ing, Versification, Journalism,
                      Play Writing, Photoplay
                      r>	.	Writing, etc., taught person-

 Df.jbsertwem ally by Dr. J. Berg Esenwein,
 for many years editor of Lippincott’s Magazine, and
 a staff of literary experts. Constructive criticism.
 Frank, honest, helpful advice. Real teaching.

  One pupil has received over $5,000 for stories and articles
  Written mostly in spare time play Work," he calls it.
  Another pupil received oVer $1,000 before completing
  her first course. Another, a busy Wife and mother, is
  averaging oVer $75 a Week from photoplay Writing alone.

  There is no other institution or agency doing so much for
  writers, young or old. The universities recognize this, for over
  one hundred members of the English faculties of higher institu-
  tions are studying in our Literary Department. The editors
  reco.gnize it. for they are constantly recommending our courses.

 We publish The Write
 especially valuable for it
 service, we^offer a manuscript

 s Library. We also publish The Writer's Monthly

 full reports of the literary market. ^ Besides our teaching-

150<page illustrated catalogue free.

^ ^	Please address—

Che Home Correspondence School

!.3Z Spvingpeld^Mass. ^ if jgg

ESTABLISHED IQ97

INCORPORATED 1904
psfii

.00 rn

pretn^

.rfeettt

■

 “$100 a Week!

   Think What That Means To Us!”

   “They’ve made me Superintendent—and
 doubled my salary! Now we can have the com-
 forts and pleasures we’ve dreamed of—our own
 home, a maid for you, Nell, and no more worry-
 ing about the cost of living!

     * ‘The president called me in today and told me.
 He said he picked me for promotion three months
 ago when he learned I was studying at home
 with the International Correspondence Schools.
 Now my chance has come—and thanks to the
 I. C. S., I’m ready for it.”

 Thousands of men now know the joy of happy, prosper-
 ous homes because they let the International Correspond-
 ence Schools prepare them in spare hours for bigger work
 and better pay.

  Why don’t you study some one thing- and get ready for a
  Teal job, at a salary that will give your wife and children
  the things you would like them to have?

  You can do it! Pick the position you want in the work
  you like best and the I. C. S. will prepare you for it right
  in your own home, in your spare time.

  Yes, you can do it I More than two million have done it
  in the last twenty-seven years. More than 100,000 are doing
  it right now. Without obligation, find out how you can
  join them. Mark and mail this coupon!

  —-« — — — — —TEAR OUT HERE--------_

 INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

BOX4262, SCRANTON, PA.

  Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the position,
  or in the subject, before which I mark X.

                             □	SALESMANSHIP

                             □	ADVERTISING

                                □	Window Trimmer

                                    □	Show Card Writer

                                       □	Sign Painter

                                     □	Railroad Trainman

                             □	ILLUSTRATING

                                    □	Cartooning

                            □	BOOKKEEPER

                                       □	Stenographer and Typist

                                       □	Cert. Public Accountant

                            □	TRAFFIC MANAGER

                                     □	Railway Accountant

                                   □	Commercial Law

                             □	GOOD ENGLISH

                                    □	Teacher

□	Common School Subjects

                                     □	Mathematics

                                 □	CIVIL SERVICE

                                       □	Railway Mail Clerk

                                   □	AUTOMOBILE OPERATING

                                       □	Anto Repairing

                              □	Navigation	Spanish

                               □	AGRICULTURE French

                                       □	Poultry Raising: Italian

 □	ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

  □	Electric Lighting and Railways

 □	Electric Wiring

 □	Telegraph Engineer

 □	Telephone Work

 □	MECHANICAL ENGINEER

 □	Mechanical Draftsman

 □	Machine Shop Practice

 □	Toolmaker

 □	Gas Engine Operating

 □	0IV1L ENGINEER

 □	Surveying and Mapping
 HMINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER

 □	STATIONARY ENGINEER

 □	Marine Engineer

 □	Ship Draftsman

 □	ARCHITECT

  □	Contractor and Builder *

  □	Architectural Draftsman

 □	Concrete Builder

  □	Structural Engineer

 □	PLUMBING AND HEATING

 □	Sheet Metal Worker

  HI Textile Overseer or Sunt.

 □	CHEMIST

Name-:--         
Present          
Occupati         
Street           
Ci ‘■'T  Statfi  
                 
ONDS

CC0UKT

PLAN

Costs You Nothing

 Send .for our FREE 8o page
 Catalog No. 55A. Contains
 over 2,000 unusual Bargains in
 Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry,
 Silverware, etc. Anything you
 want will be sent for your
 Free Examination
 You pay nothing in advance—
 NOT ONE CENT until after
 you see the article. If not en-
 tirely satisfied, return at our
 expense. Only after you are
 convinced LYON values can-
 not be duplicated elsewhere, do
 you pay on

Terms as Low as $2 Monthly

 You do not miss the money.
 You pay at the rate of only a
 few cents a day. You invest
 into something worth while.
 There is no “red-tape” or annoy-
 ance to you in buying
 Lyon Blue-White Diamonds
 See the BARGAIN CLUS-
 TERS SHOWN. They are
 perfectly matched and blue-
 white. Only the BEST grade
 is handled by the “House of
 Lyon.” These values cannot
 be duplicated elsewhere for the
 same money. Thousands of
 persons who wear our Diamonds
 are pleased because of our UN-
 USUAL VALUES.

 8% Yearly Dividend Offer
 A Binding Guarantee is fur-
 nished with every Diamond.
 You are protected for the value
 and quality. You are guaran-
 teed .8% YEARLY INCREASE
 on all exchanges. You can also
 earn a 5% BONUS. This is
 explained in our

 80 Page Bargain Catalog
 Send for it TODAY, before
 you forget. IT’S FREE. Let
 us help you build a solid founda-
 tion for the future. Write
 NOW to Dept. 5 5A.

 f M TVAU ~ rn maiden lane

J.M.U Ull	NEW YORK

 k Business for over 75 Yeans

3j

              Makes
              stubborn
              hair easy
              to comb,
              neat and
              attractive

 Miss Betty Parker	Jay Dillon

 Featured in Jaclc Norivorth's "Odds and Ends'*

 Adopted by—Screen-Stage—Society

  Because Hair-Dress will make the most stubborn hairstay the
  way you comb it and retain a smooth, dressy appearance the en-
  tire evening. With Hair-Dress you can comb your hair any
  fashionable style—straight back—any way you want it. Hair-
  Dress will also give to your hair that beautiful lustre so much
  in vogue with men and women of the sta^e, the screen and
  society. Is harmless and acts as an excellent tonic.

 Send for Trial Jar

  days. If it isn t just what you have been looking for—send
  it back. Your money will be cheerfully returned to you.
  Send United States stamps, coin or money order. Your jar of
  delicately scented, greaseless Hair-Dress will be promptly
  mailed postpaid. Send forthis wonderful toilet necessity today.
  Send $1.00 for Three Months' Supply.

  HAIR-DRESS CO., Dept. 613,920 Windsor Ave., Chicago