A SOUND OF THUNDER k, RAY BRADBURY
MARS MINUS BISHA «o,ekib, LEIGH BRACKED
Can Be a Bombshell.
in Any Tough Spot/

MOW ... A Rugged Fighting-Man Shows You How To
Explode Your Hidden-Powers In Self-Defense

         x3\ku..

iiiawBrBSsr EMsrw Wj£*j

 .ervic*. or going in. you've got to be ready to light rwgh gd
 tough. lor your very lit* may depend on il in hand-tohand combat

 Here's whtit a rugged. IwoJi.ted lighting man
 ■how* you . . . the .ecret. ol u.mg •vwy^TOwer-pockedttkk
 the bag You get it .traight Irom Barney Coeneck. in AMERICAN
 COMBAT JUDO . . - training manuol lor Trooper*.	®°** *;

 WrMtler.. Commando*. Ranger* ond Armed rote**

 He’* dynamite Irom head to to**1 Twice, he wo* Big 10 Wrestling
 Champ and during World War II wot Personal Combat Instructor
 to the U. S Coast Guard. "Barney" ha* devoted moiitol hi«i life
 to developing, perfecting, teaching rough.	12 Mn.te.v ^a!

 He give* YOU all the angle* in ea»y-lo-lollow «W. MMi«y ol
 hi* *kill* and tactic* will give even a little guy the bla»ling-pOwer
 ol a bomb*hell ... to knock the *teom out ol a bruuer twice hi* «u*

• Barney" keep, no .ecret* in AMERICAN COMBAT JUDO' He tell,
all	.how* all! He qive* you the real lowdown on when and

 how to u*e each power packed Blow. Hold. u>ek . I“^.tT Yn.Tn°h^
 Trip, that will make YOU the "Bom «■ W	" *!

 thrilled and amazed when you »ee what YOU can do-Y«>!«
 bare hand. . . even il you are li*hl OTd*^a''	'£*

 ol ■ Barney'." .uper-tactic i. in u.ing the other lellOW. mu.cie
 and brawn again.t him . . . a. il it were your own . . . lo make
 him helple.. and de!en*elet*.

 200 Dynamic Aciion. SKnt-To-FinUh photo, .how you whot to do
 . . how to do ... . the .killlul lighting tactic, that will make you
 .lippery a. an e'el . . . la.t a. Iightn.ng	with •«£■*£»«

 like a panther . . . with a K-O- punch in both hand. Whai . more,
 you’ll learn the .ecret. ol u.ing every ounce ol your	;

 every Inch ol your »ne ... to give you giemt powei . CTU.hin^
 power . . . that will keep you on your leet when the' o'her guy.
 down Be.t ol all. you’ll be .urpnied how ea.y it to. Yow lr»*ftd».
 too, will be .urpri.ed when they see your .peed, .kill ana power

 Send lo« your copy ol AMERICAN COMBAT JUDO right now' Keep
 it lor 7 day., and il you don’t think if. the be.t buck you ever
 .pent, return it and get your money back But. don t wolt — you
 don’t know when you may have lo do your .lull

. nrTfOW BOMS I* I

WARNIN9! II you are a Merchant. Gu<gd.’faxl
Driver. Trucker. Farmer. Cashier. Co. Station Operator.
Serviceman.. Nightworker. or in »ne other occupation
where, due to location or ciicum.tar.ee.. youi are otten
alor.e. Of go through dark, lonely place*. AMERICAN
COMBAT JUDO to a null lor you. Women and girl*, too.
•hould know how to delend and protect them.elve. when
alone or une.co.ted. MAIL THIS COUPON NOW •

 SPORTSMAN S POST. Dept- FH 2*53
 26 Ea.t 46th St..

  New York 17. N. Y.

 You've got something' Ru.h me my copy ol AMERICAN COM
 BAT JUDO on 7 Day.' Tree Trial. I have checked how I am

  ordering:

 □ Here', my SI-00 In _ca»h -money order - check

  Send po.tpaid.

Namc

 ADMtU

 Cttr_

 Zowt.
 VOL. 6, No. 4 • A FICTION HOUSE MAGAZINE * JANUARY, 1954
   A SOUND OF THUNDER...........Ray Bradbury 4

          Time Safari, Inc., might take you back in time some sixty million years, like
          they did for Travis. Or, they might take you clear out of this world, like they
          did for poor old Eckels.

B-12's MOON GLOW......... Charles A. Stearns U

          Even on dreary Phobos, junkyard moon of Mars, they still remember B-12,
          the wily robot with the luxurious sense of humor.

THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX......Fox B. Holden 22

          “And that is why you will take us to Earth, lieutenant," barked the Ihelian
          warrior. “We do not want your arms or your men. What we must ask for is
          —ten thousand women.”

GEORGE LOVES GISTLA........James McKimmey. Jr. 45

          American teen-agers are no worse than Venusian youths. Just take the affair
          between George and Gistla.

THE CRYSTAL CRYPT.......... . Philip K. Dick 54

          Terror was rampant on the final Mars-Earth run. For black-clad Letters were
          on the prowl . . . and the grim red planet wos nol far behind.

FELINE RED..............Robert Sampson M

         Was Jerill’s fight hopeless against those strange beasts of space—the
         uranium energy-eaters?

NARAKAN RIFLES. ABOUT FACE!.........Jan Smith 76

           Those crazy, sloppy, frog-like Narakans; all thumbs and six-inch skulls; worth-
           less relics of the Suzi swamps. Until a four-fisted, fire-tongued Irishman moved
           among them... lethal, dangerous, with a steady purpose flaming in his
           green eyes.

MARS MINUS BISHA............Leigh Brackett 94

          Fanatic tribesmen could have wiped the lone Earthman from the face of the
          Martian desert. Instead, they bequeathed to him Bisha, the unwanted; Bisha,
          the unnatural.

THE VIZIGRAPH.................2 & 10*

          Man your posts, fen, the pen-pushers are here.

 T. T. SCOTT, President	JACK O'SULLIVAN, Editor	MALCOLM REISS, Mgr. Editor

  PLANET STORIES • Published bi-monthly by Love Romances Publishing Co., Inc., 1658 Summer St., Stamford, Conn,
  The entire contents of this magazine are copyrighted, 1953, by Love Romances Publishing Co. Inc, Reentered us second-
  class matter September 30. 1952, at the Post Office at Stamford, Conn. Additional entry at New York, N. Y.. under U»e
  Act of March 3, 1879. All rights reserved. Price 25# per copy. One-year subscription: $1.50; additional postage for
  Canada. 16*; foreign countries, 80*. For advertising rates address: Advertising Director, Fiction House, Inc,, 1658
  Summer Street, Stamford, Conn.	171	TOUTED in 0. s. A.
THE VIZIGRAPH

 °“ thc mo?n' That 5 a big question. No one can say for
 y,he" shaU S°,t0, moon (or any other planet) or
 how it shall be accomplished. Yet it might be interesting to set
 down the opinions of leaders in the fields of science and sciencp-

 , S?,1® ***« /espects. A booklet compiled by Gerry dc la Ree
 of 277 Howland Avenue, River Edge, N. J„ has done just that,

his findings P ’ W,th his Permission» to give you some of

 Mr. Ree polled a wide number of writers, editors and scientist#.
 Among the latter group arc Dr. Wernher von Braun, Chief U. S.
 Guided Missile* Development Division, Huntsville, Ala., and
 .	Whipple, chairman of Harvard University Department

 ot Astronomy, an expert on meteorites.

 Herewith the results of die poll:

 Do you believe that interplanetary travel will eventually be
 accomplished? YES: 98.4 per cent. No: 1.6 per cent.

 If your answer to the above question was "yes,” in what year
 do you think the first unmanned missile will be successfully landed
 on the moon? Prior to 1975: 71.4 per cent; After 1975: 12.7 per
 cent; No opinion: 15.9 per cent.

 In what year do you think the first manned flight to the moon
 or another planet will be attempted? Prior to 1990: 73.0 per cent-
 After 1990: 14.J per cent; No opinion: 12.7 per cent.

 What country, organization, or group do you think will sponsor
 the first interplanetary flight? United States: 54.7; U. S. or Russia-
 14. 3; International: 11.1; No opinion: 14.3; Odiers: 5.6.

 Do you believe atomic power will be used to propel the first
 passenger carrying space craft? Yes: 42.9; No: 49.2; Partially- 6 3-
 No opinion: 1.6.	'

 If not, what type of fuel do you think will be used? Some of
 the suggestions: Von Braun: Hydrazine-ammonia, plus nitric acid:
 Arthur C. Clarke: Chemical propellants and orbital refuelling
 Probably ozone and metallic hydride; Willy Ley: probably hydra-
 zme plus nitric acid* could be alcohol plus liquid oxy/?en.

 SPACE TRAVEL—When and How. Copyright 1953 by Gerry
 de la Ree.

 We were very pleased to note the wide acclaim given Leigh
 Brackett s 1 HE ARK OP MARS in the Sept. ish. Practically
 ninety per cent of the scriveners were delighted with it and asked
 for more of the same. How about it, Leigh?

 November'* picture winners are: (1) Robert E. Gilbert; (2)
 A. k. King; (3) Joe Keogh.

 SEX, THOU ART SPOKEN FOR

                                           910 N. D St.

„	Poplar Bluff, Mo.

 Dear Editor,

 Pardon my grammar and realize the point which I would make
 clear. In a recent issue Alfreda Runyon had a meritorious Icttec
THE VIZIGRAPH

run. She put into words what should be in civiliza-
tion's modes and morals. I shall epitomize her views,
"Sex is not ugly except to the neurotic mind.” The
fact that generations of ignorance and superstition
has debased man’s attitude toward sex into some-
thing far less than God intended it is no where
more evident than in the science of Psychology. (1
consider the latter a science even though learned men
do not.) Evidence has been put forth that sexual
mania propensities are mostly artificially induced.

  In that forgotten era when sex became thought of
as evil, to be kept clandestine, man made his greatest,
egregious blunder. In his blind, stupid haste for its
condemnation he even forgot to label it clearly. As
any semanticist will confirm, the word "sex” is im-
possible to define universally. Another interesting
fact about the symbolic representation of sex is that
the words describing sex are almost all of a derog-
atory nature.

  Sex is mortality. Perhaps man has built up all
the taboos on sex because he wishes to conceal the
fact of his mortality. If that be the reason then man
should realize by now that the noxious effects from
such a childish notion are too great for its continua-
tion.

  When 1 see various magazines displaying the
human form in different stages of nudity 1 both
condemn and condone them. While they are putting
into practice what I advocate, their motives are too
selfish to eulogize.

  I understand the difficulty in making a good cover.
Circulation demands that cheesecake be displayed
enticingly. Now, personally, I do not have anydiing
against seeing the cover girl stripped naked in an
intelligently planned painting. But when a beautiful
body is thrown into a space merely for mercenary
reasons, that seems nothing short of sacrilegious.
Anderson is an inveterate doer of just that. Of
course I realize that Pulp covers are not meant to
be artistic masterpieces, but that does not mean
they should be meaningless things of form, color
and line.

  Why not have Wood do a cover. Though he is
known chiefly as a cartoonist, I think he could rank
with Finlay if given an opportunity. All I can see
wrong with his art is that he gives unnecessary
details, and chronically draws his figures too short
and stocky.

  Sometimes I think God made the critic so the
artist could suffer enough to be creative.

  If anyone wishes to question my viewpoints on
sex, just take off your shoes and wade in, but
remember the water is deep.

  Why is everybody so set against Bryan Berry. As
he said himself he does not rate such a deluge of
comment. His works are not that good or bad. And
to say that his style is similar to Ray Bradbury is
as ridiculous as inferring that Zane Grey wrote
like Victor Hugo.

  In both the July and September issues James
McKinney, Jr. had a short story. I was not shocked
by WHERE THE GODS DECIDE, but I was nau-
seated by the banality of it. It was so full of cliches
that I cannot conceive why it should ever be printed.
Junior, however, proved that he could write some-
thing worth absorbing in DEATH STAR. Not men-
tioning close seconds, I considered his piece the
best one in the edition.

  Bertha Sundet chose to specify that she believed
in a God of creation. A being so omnipotent that he
can control the cosmos, so omniscient as to know
what is best for mankind, and so omnipresent as to
be near man and at the same time at the borders of
infinity. Perhaps such visions are merely thought-

formed by a piece of gray matter that is old and

senile or young and iconoclastic.

Questioningly Yours,

                            J. Dean Ciark

EULOGY

                            AF 1737600?

                              501 A.D. Gp.

                            O. Hare AFB

                                  Chicago, Illinois

Dear Editor,

  The Sept. PS appeared and on the cover the
magic name of LEIGH BRACKETT . . . Ah! Brac-
kett . . . Brackett of ebony towers rising from the
crimson sward . . . Brackett of spiraling, castle-like
fortresses ... of silent aeons, old Martian cities
of deep valleys between ivory mountains ... of
crystal lakes, cobwebbed catacombs, flashing swords,
huge hairy-chested men, leathery-skinned Martians,
ships sailing unknown seas, alien temples with
bloodstained altars, dark windtossed forests, forgot-
ten gods, golden haired Warrior Maidens, surging
white tipped waves crashing against gray walled
cliffs. ... Of caravans bright with colors moving
across the red ash deserts of a dying world ... of
quiet, stealthy footsteps, sudden soft murmurs of
pain and jeweled daggers reflecting for a moment
a spark of silver light from the twin moons . . .
of poised lances which hurl themselves up from die
surface of the planet on scarlet columns of fire . . .
of the sound of trumpets echoing through mist
enshrouded valleys. ... Of Eric John Stark with the
cold gray eyes of an angry eagle ... a giant of a
man with sand scarred, sweating, blood stained
body who stands unafraid among a host of enemies
. . . Eric John Stark . . a wanderer, an adventurer,
a restless man who is doomed to search always for
something he will never find. With Stark I have
fought in dark alleyways, sailed strange seas, crossed
endless sand dunes under a blazing sun, stood in
shadowy corridors, in great palace halls, in strange
flowered gardens and in white crevices between ice
covered mountains ... I have felt the chill of cold
on far planets and the heat of alien suns ... I have
hung suspended between two poles and felt the
lashing bite of a whip crashing against my body
until small streams of blood, like mountain streams
in the spring flowed down the length of it . . . and
have known the moment when the pain was for-
gotten, when the thongs holding me before my
laughing captors held. . . . When I faced them, no
longer a wounded, beaten man . . . but a blood-mad
Beast. ... I have known the feel of silk-soft golden
hair and the touch of red lips . . . SEA KINGS OF
MARS, ENCHANTRESS OF VENUS. QUEEN OF
THE MARTIAN CATACOMBS, THE LAKE OF
THE GONE FOREVER, BLACK AMAZON
OF MARS . . . who could forget them . . . Leigh
Brackett . . . writer extraordinary.

  What I’ve said, I’ve said very poorly. It would
have taken a talent like that possessed by Lin Carter
to properly describe my feelings toward La Brackett
and her work. ... I wasn’t gifted with a poet’s
soul. So much for my humble tribute to Leigh, now
on to PLANET, Sept. 1953. . . .

  I remember Hayden Howard as the author of
“IT' a tale that I've always felt should have been
anthologized. . . . Bob Williams has been appearing
quite often lately in your pages, hasn't he? I strong-
ly suspect that "Sol Galaxan” is a pen name for
some well known writer . . . could it be Alfred
Coppel in disguise? (Ed's note—You guessed it.)

('Continued on page 109)
A SOUND OF THUNDER

By RAY BRADBURY
Back sixty million years hurtled the time machine. Suns fled, and
ten million moons fled after them . . . and Eckels—the avid
hunter—learned his paradise was the land he'd just departed.

 THE sign on the wall seemed to quaver
 under a film of sliding warm water.
 Eckels felt his eyelids blink over his
 stare, and the sign burned in this momentary
 darkness:

 TIME SAFARI, INC.

 SAFARIS TO ANY YEAR IN THE PAST.

YOU NAME THE ANIMAL.

WE TAKE YOU THERE.

 YOU SHOOT IT.

 A warm phlegm gathered in Eckels’
 throat; he swallowed and pushed it down.

The muscles around his mouth formed a
smile as he put his hand slowly out upon
the air, and in that hand waved a check for
ten thousand dollars to the man behind
the desk.

  "Does this safari guarantee I come back

alive?”

  "We guarantee nothing,” said the official,
"except the dinosaurs." He turned. "This is
Mr. Travis, your Safari Guide in the Past
He’ll tell you what and where to shoot. If
he says no shooting, no shooting. If you

Copyright, 1362, fay Th« Crow«U-Colli« Pufclithing Company
6

PLANET STORIES

 disobey instructions, there’s a stiff penalty
 of another ten thousand dollars, plus pos-
 sible government action, on your return."

   Eckels glanced across the vast office at a
 mass and tangle, a snaking and humming of
 wires and steel boxes, at an aurora that
 flickered now orange, now silver, now blue.
 There was a sound like a gigantic bonfire
 burning all of Time, all the years and all
 the parchment calendars, all the hours piled
 high and set aflame.

   A touch of the hand and this burning
 would, on the instant, beautifully reverse
 itself. Eckels remembered the wording in
 the advertisements to the letter. Out of chars
 and ashes, out of dust and coals, like golden
 salamanders, the old years, the green years,
 might leap; roses sweeten the air, white hair
 turn Irish-black, wrinkles vanish; all, every-
 thing fly back to seed, flee death, rush down
 to their beginnings, suns rise in western
 skies and set in glorious easts, moons eat
 themselves opposite to the custom, all and
 everything cupping one in another like
 Chinese boxes, rabbits into hats, all and
 every tiling returning to the fresh death,
 the seed death, the green death, to the
 time before the beginning. A touch of
 a hand might do it, the merest touch of

 *	hand.

   "Hell and damn,” Eckels breathed, the
 light of the Machine on his thin face. "A
 real Time Machine." He shook his head.
 "Makes you think. If the election had gone
 badly yesterday, I might be here now run-
 ning away from the results. Thank God
 Keith won. He’ll make a fine President of
 the United States."

   “Yes," said the man behind the desk.
 •'We’re lucky. If Deutscher had gotten in,
 we’d have the worst kind of dictatorship.
 There’s an anti-everything man for you, a
 militarist, anti-Christ, anti-human/ anti-
 intellectual. People called us up, you know,
 joking but not joking. Said if Deutscher
 became President they wanted to go live in
 1492. Of course it’s not our business to
 conduct Escapes, but to form Safaris. Any-
 v iy, Keith’s President now. All you got to
 worry about is-”

   "Shooting my dinosaur," Eckels finished
 a for him,

   "A Tyramiosatirus rex. The Thunder
 Lizard, the damnedest monster in history,

 Sign this release. Anything happens to you,
 we’re not responsible. Those dinosaurs are
 hungry.”

   Eckels flushed angrily. "Trying to scare
 me!”

   "Frankly, yes. We don’t want anyone
 going who’ll panic at the first shot. Six
 Safari leaders were killed last year, and a
 dozen hunters. We’re here to give you the
 damnedest thrill a real hunter ever asked
 for. Traveling you back sixty million years
 to bag the biggest damned game in all Time.
 Your personal check’s still there. Tear it
 up.”

   Mr. Eckels looked at the check for a long
 time. His fingers twitched.

   "Good luck,” said the man behind the
 desk. "Mr. Travis, he’s all yours."

   They moved silently across the room,
 taking their guns with them, toward the
 Machine, toward the silver metal and the
 roaring light.

 THIRST a day and then a night and then
 -*■ a day and then a night, then it was day-
 night-day-night-day. A week, a month, 'a
 year, a decade! a.d. 2055. a.d. 2019. 1999!
 1957! Gone! The Machine roared.

   They put on their oxygen helmets and
 tested the intercoms.

   Eckels swayed on the padded seat, his
 face pale, his jaw stiff. He felt the trembling
 in his arms and he looked down and found
 his hands tight on the new rifle. There were
 four other men in the Machine. Travis, the
 Safari Leader, his assistant, Lesperance, and
 two other hunters, Billings and Kramer.
 They sat looking at each other, and the
 years blazed around them.

   "Can these guns get a dinosaur cold?”
 Eckels felt his mouth saying.

   "If you hit them right,” said Travis on
 the helmet radio. "Some dinosaurs have
 two brains, one in the head, another far
 down the spinal column. We stay away
 from those. That’s stretching luck. Put your
 first two shots into the eyes, if you can,
 blind them, and go back into the brain.”

The Machine howled. Time was a film
run backward. Suns fled and ten million
moons fled after them, "Good God," said
Eckels. "Every hunter that ever lived would
envy us today. This makes Africa seem like
Illinois.”
A SOUND OF THUNDER

7

  The Machine slowed; its scream fell to a
murmur. The Machine stopped.

  The sun stopped in the sky.

  The fog that had enveloped the Machine
blew away and they were in an old time, a
very old time indeed, three hunters and two
Safari Heads with their blue metal guns
across their knees.

  "Christ isn't born yet,” said Travis.
"Moses has not gone to the mountain to
talk with God. The Pyramids are still in the
earth, waiting to be cut out and put up.
Remember that. Alexander, Caesar, Napo-
leon, Hitler—none of them exists.”

  The men nodded.

  "That”—Mr. Travis pointed—"is the
jungle of sixty million two thousand and
fifty-five years before President Keith.”

  He indicated a metal path that struck off
into green wilderness, over steaming
swamp, among giant ferns and palms.

  "And that,” he said, "is the Path, laid
by Time Safari for your use. It floats six
inches above the earth. Doesn’t touch so
much as one grass blade, flower, or tree.
It’s an anti-gravity metal. Its purpose is to
keep you from touching this world of the
past in any way. Stay on the Path. Don’t
go off it. I repeat. Don’t go off. For any
reason! If you fall off, there’s a penalty.
And don’t shoot any animal we don’t okay.”
"Why?” asked Eckels. .

  They sat in the ancient wilderness. Far
birds’ cries blew on a wind, and the smell
of tar and an old salt sea, moist grasses,
and flowers the color of blood.

  "We don’t want to change the Future.
We don’t belong here in the Past. The gov-
ernment doesn’t like us here. We have to
pay big graft to keep our franchise. A Time
Machine is damn finicky business. Not
knowing it, we might kill an important
animal, a small bird, a roach, a flower even,
thus destroying an important link in a
growing species.”

  "That’s not clear,” said Eckels.

  "All right,” Travis continued, "say we
accidentally kill one mouse here. That means
all the future families of this one particular
mouse are destroyed, right?”

  "Right.”

  "And all the families of the families of
tiie families of that one mouse! With ft
stamp of your foot, you annihilate first one,

then a dozen, then a thousand, a million,
a billion possible mice!”

  "So they’re dead,” said Eckels. “So
what?”

  "So what?” Travis snorted quietly.
"Well, what about the foxes that’ll need
those mice to survive? For want of ten mice,
a fox dies. For want of ten foxes, a lion
starves. For want of a lion, all manner of
insects, vultures, infinite billions of life
forms are thrown into chaos and destruc-
tion. Eventually it all boils down to this:
fifty-nine million years later, a cave man,
one of a dozen on the entire world, goes
hunting wild boar or saber-tooth tiger for
food.

  "But you, friend, have stepped on all
the tigers in that region. By stepping on one
single mouse. So the cave man starves. And
the cave man, please note, is not just any
expendable man, no! He is an entire future
nation. From his loins would have sprung
ten sons. From their loins one hundred sons,
and thus onward to a civilization. Destroy
this one man, and you destroy a race, a
people, an entire history of life. It is com-
parable to slaying some of Adam’s grand-
children. The stomp of your foot, on one
mouse, could start an earthquake, the effects
of which could shake our earth and destinies
down through Time, to their very founda-
tions.

  "With the death of that one cave man,
a billion others yet unborn are throttled in
the womb. Perhaps Rome never rises on its
seven hills. Perhaps Europe is forever a
dark forest, and only Asia waxes healthy
and teeming. Step on a mouse and you crush
the Pyramids. Step on a mouse and you
leave your print, like a Grand Canyon,
across Eternity. Queen Elizabeth might
never be born, Washington might not cross
the Delaware, there might never be a
United States at all. So be careful. Stay on
the Path. Never step off!”

  "I see,” said Eckels. "Then it wouldn’t
pay for us even to touch the grass?”

“/CORRECT. Crushing certain plants

  VJ could add up infinitesimally. A little
error here would multiply in sixty million
years, all out of proportion. Of course
maybe our theory is wrong. Maybe Time
can’t be changed by us. Or maybe it can be
8

PLANET STORIES

changed only in little subtle ways. A dead
mouse here makes an insect imbalance there,
a population disproportion later, a bad
harvest further on, a depression, mass
starvation, and, finally, a change in social
temperament in far-flung countries. Some-
thing much more subtle, like that. Perhaps
only a soft breath, a whisper, a hair, pollen
on the air, such a slight, slight change that
unless you looked close you wouldn’t see it.
Who knows? Who really can say he knows?
We don’t know. We’re guessing. But until
we do know for certain whether our mess-
ing around in Time can make a big roar or
a little rustle in history, we’re being damned
careful.

  "This Machine, this Path, your cloth-
ing and bodies, were sterilized, as you know,
before the journey. We wear these oxygen
helmets so we can’t introduce our bacteria
into an ancient atmosphere.”

  "How do we know which animals to
shoot?”

  "They’re marked with red paint,” said
Travis. "Today, before our journey, we sent
Lesperanee here back with the Machine.
He came to this particular era and followed
certain animals.”

  "Studying them?”

  "Right,” said Lesperanee. "I track them
through their entire existence, noting which
of them lives longest. Very few. How many
times they mate. Not often. Life’s short.
When I find one that’s going to die when
a tree falls on him, or one that drowns in a
tar pit, I note the exact hour, minute, and
second. I shoot a paint bomb. It leaves a
red patch on his nide. We can’t miss it.
Then I correlate our arrival in the Past so
that we meet the Monster not more than
two minutes before he would have died
anyway. This way, we kill only animals with
no future, that are never going to mate
again. You see how careful we are?"

  "But if you came back this morning in
Time,” said Eckels eagerly, "you must’ve
bumped into us, our Safari! How did it turn
out? Was it successful? Did all of us get
through—alive?”

  Travis and Lesperanee gave each other a
look.

  "That’d be a paradox,” said the latter.
"Time doesn’t permit that sort of mess—a
roan meeting himself. When such occasions

threaten, Time steps aside. Like an airplane
hitting an air pocket. You felt the Machine
jump just before we stopped? That was us
passing ourselves on the way back to the
Future. We saw nothing. There’s no way of
telling if this expedition was a success, if
we got our monster, or whether all of us—
meaning you, Mr. Eckels—got out alive.”

  Eckels smiled palely.

  "Cut that,” said Travis sharply. "Every-
one on his feet!”

  They were ready to leave the Machine.

  The jungle was high and the jungle was
broad and the jungle was the entire world
forever and forever. Sounds like music and
sounds like flying tents filled the sky, and
those were pterodactyls soaring with caver-
nous gray wings, gigantic bats out of a
delirium and a night fever. Eckels, balanced
on the narrow Path, aimed his rifle play-
fully.

  "Stop that!” said Travis. "Don’t even aim
for fun, damn it! If your gun should go
off—”

  Eckels flushed. "Where’s our Tyranno-
saurus?””

  Lesperanee checked his wrist watch. "Up
ahead. We’ll bisect his trail in sixty seconds.
Look for the red paint, for Christ’s sake.
Don't shoot till we give the word. Stay on
the Path. Stay on the Path!”

  They moved forward in the wind of
morning.

  "Strange,” murmured Eckels. "Up ahead,
sixty million years, Election Day over. Keith
made President. Everyone celebrating. And
here we are, a million years lost, and they
don’t exist. The things we worried about
for months, a lifetime, not even born or
thought about yet.”

  "Safety catches off, everyone!” ordered
Travis.

^ "You, first shot, Eckels. Second, Billings.
Third, Kramer.”

  "I’ve hunted tiger, wild boar, buffalo,
elephant, but man, this is it,’* said Eckels.
"I’m shaking like a kid.”

  "Ah,” said Travis.

  Everyone stopped.

  Travis raised his hand. "Ahead,” he
whispered. "In the mist. There he is. There's
His Royal Majesty now."

  The jungle was wide and full of twitter-
ings, rustlings, murmurs, and sighs.
A SOUND OF THUNDER

9

  Suddenly it all ceased, as if someone had
shut a door.

   Silence.

  A sound of thunder.

  Out of the mist, one hundred yards away,
came Tyrannosaurus rex.

  "Good heavens,” whispered Eckels.

  "Sh!”

   It came on great oiled, resilient, striding
legs. It towered thirty feet above half of
the trees, a great evil god, folding its deli-
cate .watchmaker's claws close to its oily
reptilian chest. Each lower leg was a piston,
a thousand pounds of white bone, sunk in
thick ropes of muscle, sheathed over in a
gleam of pebbled skin like the mail of a
terrible warrior. Each thigh was a ton of
meat, ivory, and sleel mesh. And from the
great breathing cage of the upper body
those two delicate arms dangled out front,
arms with hands which might pick up and
examine men like toys, while the snake
neck coiled. And the head itself, a ton of
sculptured stone, lifted easily upon the sky.
Its mouth gaped, exposing a fence of teeth
like daggers. Its eyes rolled, ostrich eggs,
empty of all expression save hunger. It
closed its mouth in a death grin. It ran, its
pelvic bones crushing aside trees and bushes,
its taloned feet clawing damp earth, leaving
prints six inches deep wherever it settled
its weight. It ran with a gliding ballet step,
far too poised and balanced for its ten tons.
It moved into a sunlit arena warily, its
beautifully reptile hands feeling the air.

  "My God!” Eckels twitched his mouth.
"It could reach up and grab the moon.”
"Sh!” Travis jerked angrily. "He hasn’t
seen us yet.”

  "It cant be killed.” Eckels pronounced
this verdict quietly, as if there could be no
argument. He had weighed the evidence
and this was his considered opinion. The
rifle in his hands seemed a cap gun. "We
were fools to come. This is impossible.”
"Shut up!” hissed Travis.

  “Nightmare.”

  “Turn around,” commanded Travis.
"Walk quietly to the Machine. We'll remit
one half your fee.”

  "I didn’t realize it would be this big,”
said Eckels. "I miscalculated, that's all. And
now I want out”

   "It ssej us!”

  "There’s the red paint on its chest!”

  The Thunder Lizard raised itself. Its
armored flesh glittered like a thousand
green coins. The coins, crusted with slime,
steamed. In the slime, tiny insects wriggled,
so that the entire body seemed to twitch and
undulate, even while the monster itself did
not move. It exhaled. The stink of raw flesh
blew down the wilderness.

  "Get me out of here,” said Eckels. "It
was never like this before. 1 was always sure
I'd come through alive. I had good guides,
good safaris, and safety. This time, I figured
wrong. I’ve met my match and admit it.
This is too much for me to get hold of."

  "Don’t run,” said Lesperance. "Turn
around. Hide in the Machine.”

  "Yes.” Eckels seemed to be numb. He
looked at his feet as if trying to make them
move. He gave a grunt of helplessness.

  "Eckels!”

  He took a few steps, blinking, shuffling.

  "Not that way!”

  The Monster, at the first motion, lunged
forward with a terrible scream. It covered
one hundred yards in four seconds. The
rifles jerked up and blazed fire. A wind-
storm from the beast’s mouth engulfed them
in the stench of slime and old blood. The
Monster roared, teeth glittering with sun.

  Eckels, not looking back, walked blindly
to the edge of the Path, his gun limp in his
arms, stepped off the Path, and walked, not
knowing it, in the jungle. His feet sank into
green moss. His legs moved him, and he
felt alone and remote from the events
behind.

  The rifles cracked again. Their sound was
lost in shriek and lizard thunder. The great
lever of the reptile’s tail swung up, lashed
sideways. Trees exploded in clouds of leaf
and branch. The Monster twitched its
jeweler’s hands down to fondle at the men,
to twist them in half, to crush them like
berries, to cram them into its teeth and its
screaming throat. Its boulder-stone eyes
leveled with the men. They saw themselves
mirrored. They fired at the metallic eyelids
and the blazing black iris.

  Like a stone idol, like a mountain aval-
anche, Tyrannosa/zr/is fell. Thundering, it
clutched trees, pulled them with it. It
wrenched and tore the metal Path. The men
flung themselves back and away. The body
10

PLANET STORIES

 hit, ten tons of cold flesh and stone. The
 guns fired. The Monster lashed its armored
 tail, twitched its snake jaws, and lay still.
 A fount of blood spurted from its throat.
 Somewhere inside, a sac of fluids burst.
 Sickening gushes drenched the hunters.
 They stood, red and glistening.

   The thunder faded.

   The jungle was silent. After the aval-
 anche, a green peace. After the nightmare,
 morning.

   Billings and Kramer sat on the pathway
 and threw up. Travis and Lesperanee stood
 with smoking rifles, cursing steadily.

   In the Time Machine, on his face, Eckels
 lay shivering. He had found his way back
 to the Path, climbed into the Machine.

 rpRAVIS came walking, glanced at Eckels,
 took cotton gauze from a metal box, and
 returned to the others, who were sitting on
 the Path.

   "Clean up.”

   They wiped the blood from their helmets.
 They began to curse too. The Monster lay,
 a hill of solid flesh. Within, you could hear
 the sighs and murmurs as the furthest
 chambers of it died, the organs malfunction-
 ing, liquids running a final instant from
 pocket to sac to spleen, everything shutting
 off, closing up forever. It was like standing
 by a wrecked locomotive or a steam shovel
 at quitting time, all valves being released or
 levered tight. Bones cracked; the tonnage
 of its own flesh, off balance, dead weight,
 snapped the delicate forearms, caught un-
 derneath. The meat settled, quivering.

   Another cracking sound. Overhead, a
 gigantic tree branch broke from its heavy
 mooring, fell. It crashed upon the dead
 beast with finality.

   "There.” Lesperanee checked his watch.
 "Right on time. That’s the giant tree that
 was scheduled to fall and kill this animal
 originally.” He glanced at the two hunters.
 "You want the trophy picture?”

   "What?”

   "We can’t take a trophy back to the
 Future. The body has to stay right here
 where it would have died originally, so the
 insects, birds, and bacteria can get at it, as
 they were intended to. Everything in bal-
 ance. The body stays. But we can take a
 picture of you standing near it.”

   The two men tried to think, but gave up,
 shaking their heads.

   They let themselves be led along the
metal Path. They sank wearily into the
Machine cushions. They gazed back at the
ruined Monster, the stagnating mound,
where already strange reptilian birds and
golden insects were busy at the steaming
armor.

   A sound on the floor of the Time
Machine stiffened them. Eckels sat there,
shivering.

    "I’m sorry,” he said at last.

   "Get up!” cried Travis.

   Eckels got up.

    ^ "Go out on that Path alone,” said Travis.
 He had his rifle pointed. "You’re not com-
 ing back in the Machine. We re leaving
 you here!”

   Lesperanee seized Travis’ arm. "Wait—”
 Stay out of this!” Travis shook his hand
 away. ' This son of a bitch nearly killed us.
 But it isn’t that so much. Hell, no. It's his
 shoes! Look at them! He ran off the Path.
 My God, that ruins us! Who knows how
 much we ll forfeit! Tens of thousands of
 dollars of insurance! We guarantee no one
 leaves the Path. He left it. Oh, the damn
 fool! I’ll have to report to the government.
 They might revoke our license to travel.
 God knows what he’s done to Time, to
 History!”

   Take it easy, all he did was kick up
 some dirt.”

   "How do we know?” cried Travis. "We
don’t know anything! It’s all a damn mys-
stery! Get out there Eckels!”

   Eckels fumbled his shirt. "I’ll pay any-
 thing. A hundred thousand dollars!”

   Travis glared at Eckels’ checkbook and
 spat. "Go out there. The Monster’s next to
 the Path. Stick your arms up to your elbows
 in his mouth. Then you can come back
 with us.”

    " That’s unreasonable! ”

   "The Monster’s dead, you yellow bastard.
 The bullets! The bullets can’t be left behind.
 They don’t belong in the Past; they might
 change something. Here’s my knife. Dig
 them out!”

   He returned, shuddering, five minutes
later, his arms soaked and red to the elbows.
He held out his hands. Each held a number
of steel bullets. Then he felL
A SOUND OF THUNDER

11

   He lay where he fell, not moving.

   "You didn't have to make him do that,"
 said Lesperance.

    "Didn’t I? It's too early to tell.” Travis
 nudged the still body. “He’ll live. Next
 time he won’t go hunting game like this.
 Okay.” He jerked his thumb wearily at
 Lesperance. "Switch on. Let’s go home."

   1492. 1776. 1812.

    They cleaned their hands and faces. They
 changed their caking shirts and pants. Eckels
 was up and around again, not speaking.
 Travis glared at him for a full ten minutes.

   1999. 2000. 2055.

   The Machine stopped.

    "Get out,” said Travis.

THE room was there as they had left it.
But not the same as they had left it.
The same man sat behind the same desk.
But the same man did not quite sit behind
the same desk.

   Travis looked around swiftly. "Every-
thing okay here?” he snapped.

   "Fine. Welcome home!”

   Travis did not relax. He seemed to be
lookixig at the very atoms of the air itself,
at the way the sun poured through the one
high window.

    "Okay, Eckels, get out. Don’t ever come
 back."

   Eckels could not move.

   "You heard me," said Travis. “What're
you staring at?”

    Eckels stood smelling of the air, and there
 was a thing to the air, a chemical taint so
 subtle, so slight, that only a faint cry of his
 subliminal senses warned him it was there.
 The colors, white, gray, blue, orange, in the
 wall, in the furniture, in the sky beyond
 the window, were . . . were . . . And there
 was a feel. His flesh twitched. His hands
 twitched. He stood drinking the oddncss
 with the pores of his body. Somewhere,
 someone must have been screaming one of
 those whistles that only a dog can hear. His
 body screamed silence in return. Beyond
 this room, beyond this wall, beyond this
 man who was not quite the same man seated
 at this desk that was not quite the same
 desk ... lay an entire world of streets and
 people. What sort of world it was now,

 there was no telling. He could feel them
 moving there, beyond the walls, almost, like
 so many chess pieces blown in a dry
 wind. . . .

   But the immediate thing was the sign
 painted on the office wall, the same sign he
 had read earlier today on first entering.

   Somehow, the sign had changed:

   TYME SEFARI INC.

   SEFARIS TU ANY YEER EN THE PAST.

   YU NAIM THE ANIMALL.

   WEE TAEK YU THAIR.

   YU SHOOT ITT.

    Eckels felt himself fall into a chair. He
 fumbled crazily at the thick slime on his
 boots. He held un a clod of dirt, trembling.

    "No, it can’t be. Not a little thing like
 that. No!”

    Embedded in the mud, glistening green
 and gold and black, was a butterfly, very
 beautiful, and very dead.

    "Not a little thing like that! Not a but-
 terfly!” cried Eckles.

    It fell to the floor, an exquisite thing, a
 small thing that could upset balances and
 knock down a line of small dominoes and
 then big dominoes and then gigantic dom-
 inoes, all down the years across Time.
 Eckels’ mind whirled. It couldn't change
 things. Killing one butterfly couldn’t be
 that important! Could it?

    His face was cold. His mouth trembled,
 asking: "Who—who won the presidential
 election yesterday?”

    The man behind the desk laughed. “You
 joking? You know damn well. Deutscher,
 of course! Who else? Not that damn weak-
 ling Keith. We got an iron man now, a
 man with guts, by God!” The official
 stopped. "What’s wrong?”

 Eckels moaned. He dropped to his knees.
 He scrabbled at the golden butterfly with
 shaking fingers. "Can’t we," he pleaded to
 the world, to himself, to the officials, to the
 Machine, “can’t we take it back, can’t we
 make it alive again? Can’t we start over?
 Can’t we-”

 He did not move. Eyes shut, he waited,
 shivering. He heard Travis breathe loud in
 the room; he heard Travis shift his rifle,
 click the safety catch, and raise the weapon.

 There was a soun*£ of thunder.

 B-12's MOON GLOW

            By CHARLES A. STEARNS

        Among the metal-persons of Phobos, robot 8-12 held a
        special niche. He might not have been stronger, larger,
        faster than some ...but he could be devious... and more im-
        portant, he was that junkyard planetoid's only moonshinerM

I AM B-12, a metal person. If you read
Day and the other progressive journals
you will know that in some quarters of
the galaxy there is considerable prejudice di-
rected against us. It is ever so with minority
races, and I do not complain. I merely make
this statement so that you will understand
about the alarm clock.

  An alarm clock is a simple mechanism
used by the Builders to shock themselves
into consciousness after the periodic comas
to which they are subject. It is obsolescent.

but still used in such out of the way places
as Phobos.

  My own contact with one of these de*
vices came about in the following manner:
I had come into Argon City under cover
of darkness, which is the only sensible thing
to do, in my profession, and I was stealing
through the back alleyways as silently as my
rusty joints would allow.

  I was less than three blocks from Benny’s
Place, and still undetected, when I passed
the window. It was a large, cheerful oblong

13
14

PLANET STORIES

of light, so quite naturally I stopped to in-
vestigate, being slightly phototropic, by vir-
tue of the selenium grids in my rectifier
cells. I went over and looked in, unob-
trusively resting my grapples on the outer
ledge.

  There was a Builder inside such as I had
not seen since I came to Phobos half a cen-
tury ago, and yet I recognized the subspecies
at once, for they are common on Earth. It
was a she.

   It was in the process of removing certain
outer sheaths, and I noted that, while quite
symmetrical, bilaterally, it was otherwise
oddly formed, being disproportionately
large and lumpy in the anterior ventral re-
gion.

   I had watched for some two or three min-
utes, entirely forgetting my own safety,
when the she saw me. Its eyes widened and
it snatched up the alarm clock which was,
as I have hinted, near at hand.

   "Get out of here, you nosey old tin can!”
it screamed, and threw the clock, which
caromed off my headpiece, damaging one
earphone. I ran.

   If you still do not see what I mean about
racial prejudice, you will, when you hear
what happened later.

  I continued on until I came to Benny’s
Place, entering through the back door.
Benny met me there, and quickly shushed
me into a side room. His fluorescent eyes
were glowing with excitement.

  Benny’s real name is BNE-96, and when
on Earth he had been only a Servitor, not
a General Purpose like myself.

  But perhaps I should explain.

  We metal people are the children of the
Builders of Earth, and later of Mars and
Venus. We were not born of two parents,
as they are. That is a function far too com-
plex to explain here; in fact I do not even
understand it myself. No, we were born of
the hands and intellects of the greatest of
their scientists, and for this reason it might
be natural to suppose that we, and not they,
would be considered a superior race. It is
not so.

  Many of us were fashioned in those days,
a metal peison for every kind of task that
they could devise, and some, like myself,
who could do almost anything. We were
contented enough, for the greater part, but

the scientists kept creating, always striving
to better their former efforts.

  And one day the situation which the
Builders had always regarded as inevitable,
but we, somehow, had supposed would
never come, was upon us. The first genera-
tion of the metal people—more than fifty
thousand of us—were obsolete. The things
that we had been designed to do, the new
ones, with their crystalline brains, fresh,
untarnished, accomplished better.

  We were banished to Phobos, dreary,
lifeless moon of Mars. It had long been a
sort of interplanetary junkyard; now it be-
came a graveyard.

UPON the barren face of this little world
there was no life except for the handful
of hardy Martian and Ter ran prospectors
who searched for minerals. Later on, a few
rude mining communities sprang up under
plastic airdromes, but never came to much.
Argon City was such a place.

  I wonder if you can comprehend the lone-
liness, the hollow futility of our plight.
Fifty thousand skilled workmen with noth-
ing to do. Some of the less adaptable gave
up, prostrating themselves upon the bare
rocks until their joints froze from lack.of
use, and their works corroded. Others served
the miners and prospectors, but their needs
were all too few.

  The overwhelming majority of us were
still idle, and somehow we learned the
secret of racial existence at last. We learned
to serve each other.

  This was not an easy lesson to learn. In
the first place there must be motivation in-
volved in racial preservation. Yet we de-
rived no pleasure out of the things that
make the Builders wish to continue to live.
We did not sleep; we did not eat, and we
were not able to reproduce ourselves. (And,
besides, this latter, as I have indicated,
would have been pointless with us.)

  There was, however, one other pleasure
of the Builders that intrigued us. It can best
be described as a stimulation produced by
drenching their insides with alcoholic com-
pounds, and is a universal pastime among
the males and many of die shes.

  One of us—R-47, I think it was (rest
him)—tried it one day. He pried open the
top of his helmet and poured an entire bot-
B-12'* MOON GLOW

15

tic of the fluid down his mechanism.

  Poor R-47. He caught fire and blazed up
in a glorious blue flame that we could not
extinguish in time. He was beyond repair,
and we were forced to scrap him.

  But his was not a sacrifice in vain. He had
established an idea in our ennui-bursting
minds. An idea which led to the discovery
of Moon Glow. My discovery, I should say,
for I was the first.

  Naturally, I cannot divulge my secret
formula for Moon Glow. There are many
kinds of Moon Glow these days, but there
is still only one B-12 Moon Glow.

  Suffice it to say that it is a high octane
preparation, only a drop of which—but you
know the effects of Moon Glow, of course.

  How the merest thimbleful, when judi-
ciously poured into one’s power pack, gives
new life and the most deliriously happy
freedom of movement imaginable. One
possesses soaring spirits and super-strength.

  Old, rusted joints move freely once more,
one's transitors glow brightly, and the cur-
rents of the body race about with the mi-
nutest resistance. Moon Glow is like being
born again.

  The sale of it has been illegal for several
years, for no reason that I can think of ex-
cept that the Builders, who make the laws,
can not bear to see metal people have fun.

  Of course, a part of the blame rests on
such individuals as X-101, who, when lu-
bricated with Moon Glow, insists upon
dancing around on large, cast-iron feet to
the hazard of all toes in his vicinity. He is
thin and long jointed, and he goes "creak,
creak,” in a weird, sing-song fashion as he
dances. It is a shameful, ludicrous sight.

  Then there was DC-5, who tore down the
300 feet long equipment hangar of the
Builders one night. He had over-indulged.

I DO not feel responsible for these things.
If I had not sold them the Moon Glow,
someone else would have done so. Besides,
I am only a wholesaler. Benny buys every-
thing that I am able to produce in my little
laboratory hidden out in the Dumps.

  Just now, by Benny's attitude, I knew that
something was very wrong. "What is the
matter?" I said. “Is it the revenue agents?"

  “I do not know,” said BNE-96 in that
curious, flat voice of his that is incapable of

inflection. "I do not know, but there are
visitors of importance from Earth. It could
mean anything, but I have a premonition of
disaster. Jon tipped me off,”

  He meant Jon Rogeson, of course, who
was the peace officer here in Argon City, and
the only one of the Builders I had ever mot
who did not look down upon a metal per-
son. When sober he was a clever person who
always looked out for our interests here.

  'What are they like?" I asked in some
fear, for I had six vials of Moon Glow with
me at the moment.

  “I have not seen them, but there is one
who is high in the government, and his
wife. There are half a dozen others of the
Builder race, and one of the new type metai
persons."

  I had met the she who must have been
the wife. "They hate us," I said. "We can
expect only evil from these persons.”

  "You may be right. If you have any mer-
chandise with you, I will take it, but do not
risk bringing more here until they have
gone.”

  I produced the vials of Moon Glow, and
he paid me in Phobos credits, which are
good for a specified number of refueling*
at the Central fueling station.

  Benny put the vials away and he went
into the bar. There was the usual jostling
crowd of hard-bitten Earth miners, and of
the metal people who come to lose their
loneliness. I recognized many, though I
spend very little time in these places, pre-
ferring solitary pursuits, such as the distilla-
tion of Moon Glow, and improving my
mind by study and contemplation out in the
barrens.

  Jon Rogeson and I saw each other at the
same time, and I did not like the expression
in his eye as he crooked a finger at me. f
went over to his table. He was pleasant look-
ing, as Builders go, with blue eyes less dull
than most, and a brown, unruly topknot of
hair such as is universally affected by them.

  “Sit down," he invited, revealing his
white incisors in greeting.

  I never sit, but this time I did so, to be
polite. I was wary; ready for anything, I
knew that there was something unpleasant
in the air. I wondered if he had seen me
passing the Moon Glow to Benny somehow.
Perhaps he had barrier-penetrating vision,
16

PLANET STORIES

like the Z group of metal people . . . but I
had never heard of a Builder like that. I
knew that he had long suspected that I made
Moon Glow.

  "What do you want?” I asked cautiously.
"Come on now,” he said, "loosen up!
Limber those stainless steel hinges of yours
and be friendly.”

  That made me feel good. Actually, I am
somewhat pitted with rust, but he never
seems to notice, for he is like that. I felt
young, as if I had partaken of my own
product.

   "The fact is, B-12," he said, "I want you
to do me a favor, old pal.”

  "And what is that?”

  "Perhaps you have heard that there is
some big brass from Earth visiting Phobos
this week.”

   "I have heard nothing,” I said. It is often
helpful to appear ignorant when questioned
by die Builders, for they believe us to be
incapable of misrepresenting the truth. The
fact is, though it is an acquired trait, and
not built into us, we General Purposes can
lie as well as anyone.

  "Well, there is. A Federation Senator,
no less. Simon F. Langley. It’s my job to
keep them entertained; that’s where you
come in.”

   I was mystified. I had never heard of tl}is
Langley, but I know what entertainment is.
I had a mental image of myself singing or
dancing before the Senator’s party. But I
can not sing very well, for three of my voice
reeds are broken and have never been re-
placed, and lateral motion, for me, is almost
impossible these days. "I do not know what
you mean,” I said. "There is J-66. He was
once an Entertainment—”

  "No, no!” he interrupted, "you don’t get
it. What the Senator wants is a guide.
They’re making a survey of the Dumps,
though I’ll be damned if I can find out why.
And you know the Dumps better than any
metal person—or human—on Phobos.”

  So that was it. I felt a vague dread, a
premonition of disaster. I had such feelings
before, and usually with reason. This too,
was an acquired sensibility, I am sure. For
many years I have studied the Builders, and
there is much to be learned of their mobile
faces and their eyes. In Jon’s eyes, however,
I read no trickery—nothing.

  Yet, I say, I had the sensation of evil, It
was just for a moment; no longer.

  I said I would think it over.

ENATOR LANGLEY was distin-
guished. Jon said so. And yet he was
cumbersomely round, and he rattled inces-
santly of things into which I could interpret
no meaning. The she who was his wife was
much younger, and sullen, and unpleasantly
I sensed great rapport between her and Jon
Rogeson from the very first.

  There were several other humans in the
group—I will not call them Builders, for I
did not hold them to be, in any way, supe-
rior to my own people. They all wore spec-
tacles, and they gravitated about the round
body of the Senator like minor moons, and
I could tell that they were some kind of
servitors’.

  I will not describe them further.

  . MS-33 I will describe. I felt an uncon-
scionable hatred for him at once. I can not
say why, except that he hung about his
master obsequiously, power pack smoothly
purring, and he was slim limbed, nickel-
plated, and wore, I thought, a smug ex-
pression on his viziplate. He represented the
new order; the ones who had displaced us
on Earth. He knew too much, and showed
it at every opportunity.

  We did not go far that first morning. The
half-track was driven to the edge of the
Dumps. Within the Dumps one walks—or
does not go. Phobos is an airless world, and
yet so small that rockets are impractical. The
terrain is broken and littered with the
refuse of half a dozen worlds, but the
Dumps themselves—that is different.

  Imagine, if you can, an endless vista of
death, a sea of rusting corpses of space
ships, and worn-out mining machinery, and
of those of my race whose power packs
burned out, or who simply gave up, retiring
into tliis endless, corroding limbo of the
barrens. A more sombre sight was never
seen.

  But this fat ghoul, Langley, sickened me.
This shame of the Builder race, this atavism
—this beast—rubbed his fat, impractical
hands together with an ungod-Iike glee.
"Excellent,” he said. "Far, far better, in
fact, than I had hoped.” He did not elu-
cidate.
B-irs MOON GLOW

17

  I looked at Jon Rogeson. He shook his
head slowly.

  "You there—robot!” said Langley, look-
ing at me. "How far across this place?”
The word was like a blow. I could not an-
swer.

  MS-33, glistening in the dying light of
Mars, strode over to me, clanking heavily
up on the black rocks. He seized me with
his grapples and shook me until my wiring
was in danger of shorting out. "Speak up
when you are spoken to, archaic mech-
anism!” he grated.

  I would have struck out at him, but what
use except to warp my own aging limbs.

  Jon Rogeson came to my rescue. “On
Phobos," he explained to Langley, "we
don’t use that word 'robot.' These folk
have been free a long time. They've quite
a culture of their own nowadays, and they
like to be called ’metal people.’ As a return
courtesy, they refer to us humans as ’build-
ers.’ Just a custom, Senator, but if you want
to £et along with them—”

  ' Can they vote?” said Langley, grinning
at his own sour humor.

  "Nonsense,” said MS-33. "I am a robot,
and proud of it. This rusty piece has no call
to put on airs.”

  *	Release him,” Langley said. "Droll fel-
lows, these discarded robots. Really nothing
but mechanical dolls, you know, but I think
the old scientists made a mistake, giving
them such human appearance, and such ob-
stinate traits.”

  Oh, it was true enough, from his point
of view. We had been mechanical dolls at
first, I suppose, but fifty years can change
one. All I know is this: we are people; we
think and feel, and are happy and sad, and
uite often we are borea stiff with this
reary moon of Phobos.

  It seared me. My selenium cells throbbed
white hot within the shell of my frame, and
I made up my mind that I would learn more
about the mission of this Langley, and I
would get even with MS-33 even if they
had me dismantled for it.

  Of die rest of that week I recall few
pleasant moments. We went out every day,
and the quick-eyed servants of Langley
measured the areas with their instruments,
and exchanged significant looks from be-

2—Pianet—January

hind their spectacles, smug in their thin air
helmets. It was all very mysterious. And
disturbing.

  But I could discover nothing about their
mission. And when I questioned MS-33, he
would look important and say nothing.
Somehow it seemed vital that I find out what
was going on before it was too late.

  On the third day there was a strange oc-
currence. My friend, Jon Rogeson had been
taking pictures of the Dumps. Langley and
his wife had withdrawn to one side and
were talking in low tones to one another.
Quite thoughtlessly Jon turned the lens on
them and clicked the shutter.

  Langley became rust-red throughout the
vast expanse of his neck and face. "Here!"
he said, "what are you doing?”

  "Nothing,” said Jon.

  "You took a picture of me," snarled
Langley. "Give me the plate at once."

  Jon Rogerson got a bit red himself. He
was not used to being ordered around. "I’ll
be damned if I will,” he said.

  Langley growled something I couldn’t un-
derstand, and turned his back on us. The
she who was called his wife looked startled
and worried. Her eyes were beseeching as
she looked at Jon. A message there, but I
could not read it. Jon looked away.

  Langley started walking back to the half-
track alone. He turned once and there was
evil in his gaze as he looked at Jon. “You
will lose your job for this impertinence," he
said with quiet savagery, and added, enig-
matically, "not that there will be a job after
this week anyway.”

  Builders may appear to act without rea-
son, but there is always a motivation some-
where in their complex brains, if one can
only find it, either in the seat of reason, or
in the labyrinthine inhibitions from their
childhood. I knew this, because I had studied
them, and now there were certain notions
that came into my brain which, even if I
could not prove them, were no less inter-
esting for that.

THE time had come to act. I could
scarcely wait for darkness to come.
There were tilings in my brain that appalled
me, but I was now certain that I had been
right. Something was about to happen to
Phobos, to all of us here—I knew not what.
18	PLANE 2

  but I must prevent it somehow.

     I kept in the shadows of the shabby build-
  ings of Argon City, and I found the win*
  dow without effort. The place where I had
  spied upon the wife of Langley to my sor-
  row the other night. There was no one there;
  there was darkness within, but that did not
  deter me.

    Within the airdrome which covers Argon
  City the buildings are loosely constructed,
  even as they are on Earth. I had no trouble,
  therefore, opening the window. I swung a
  leg up and was presently within the dark-
  ened room. I found the door I sought and
  entered cautiously. In this adjacent compart-
  ment I made a thorough search but I did
  not find what I primarily sought—namely
  the elusive reason for Langley’s visit to
  Phobos. It was in a metallic overnight bag
  that I did find something else which made
  my power pack hum so loudly that I was
  afraid of being heard. The thing which ex-
  plained the strangeness of the pompous Sen-
  ator’s attitude today—which explained, in
  short, many things, and caused my brain
  to race with new ideas.

     I put the thing in my chest container, and
  left as stealthily as I had come. There had
  been progress, but since I had not found
  what I hoped to find, I must now try my
  alternate plan.

     Two hours later I found the one I sought,
  and made sure that I was seen by him. Then
  I left Argon City by the South lock, fur-
  tively, as a thief, always glancing over my
  shoulder, and when I made certain that I
  was being followed, I went swiftly, and it
  was not long before I was clambering over
  the first heaps of debris at the edge of the
  Dumps.

  Once I thought I heard footsteps behind
me, but when I looked back there was no
one in sight. Just the tiny disk of Deimos
peering over the sharp peak of the nearest
ridge, the black velvet sky outlining the
curvature of this airless moon.

  Presently I was in sight of home, the
time-eaten hull of an ancient star freighter
resting near the top of a heap of junked
equipment from some old strip mining op-
eration. It would never rise again, but its
shell remained strong enough to shelter my
distillery and scant furnishings from any
chance meteorite that might fall.

STORIES

    I greeted it with the usual warmth of
  feeling which one has for the safe and the
  familiar. I stumbled over tin fuel cans,
  wires and other tangled metal In my haste
  to get there.

  ^ It was just as I had left it. The heating
  element under the network of coils and
  ressure chambers still glowed with white
  eat, and the Moon Glow was dripping
  with musical sound into the retort.

    I felt good. No one ever bothered me
  here. This was my fortress, with all that I
  cafed for inside. My tools, my work, my
  micro-library. And yet I had deliberately—
  Something—a heavy foot—clanked upon
  the first step of the manport through which
  I had entered.

    I turned quickly. The form shimmered
  in the pale Deimoslight that silhouetted it.
  MS-33.

    He had followed me here.

    "What do you want?” I said. "What are
  you doing here?”

    "A simple question,” said MS-33. "To-
  night you looked very suspicious when you
  left Argon City. I saw you and followed you
  here. You may as well know that I have
  never trusted you. AH the old ones were
  unreliable. That is why you were replaced.”
  He came in, boldly, without being in-
  vited, and looked around. I detected a sneer
  ^is voice as he said, "So this is where you
  hide.”

     "I do not hide. I live here, it is true.”

    “A robot does not live. A robot exists.
  We newer models do not require shelter
  like an animal. We are rust-proof and in-
  vulnerable.” He strode over to my micro-li-
  brary, several racks of carefully arranged
  spools, and fingered them irreverently.
  "W'hat is this?”

  "My library.”

  "So! Our memories are built into us. We
have no need to refresh them.”

  "So is mine,” I said. "But I would learn
more than I know.” I was stalling for time,
waiting until he made the right opening.

    Nonsense,” he said. "I know why you
stay out here in the Dumps, masterless. I
have heard of the forbidden drug that ii
sold in the mining camps such as Argon
City. Is this the mechanism?” He pointed
at the still.

  Now was the time. I mustered all my
B-12*9 moon glow

19

cunning, but I could not speak. Not yet.

  "Never mind," he said. "I can see that
it is. I shall report you, of course. It will
give me great pleasure to see you dis-
mantled. Not that it really matters, of
course—now.”

  There it was again. The same frightening
allusion that Langley had maae today. I
must succeed!

I KNEW that MS-33, for all his brilliance,
and newness, and vaunted superiority,
was only a Secretarial. For the age of spe-
cialism was upon Earth, and General Pur-
pose models were no longer made. That was
why we were different here on Phobos. It
was why we had survived. The old ones had
given us something special which the new
metal people did not have. Moreover, MS-
33 had his weakness. He was larger, strong-
er, faster than me, but I doubted that he
could be devious.

  "You are right," I said, pretending resig-
nation. "This is my distillery. It is where I
make the fluid which is called Moon Glow
by the metal people of Phobos. Doubtless
you are interested in learning how it works."

  "Not even remotely interested," he said.
"I am interested only in taking you back
and turning you over to the authorities."

  "It works much like the conventional dis-
tilling plants of Earth,” I said, "except that
the basic ingredient, a silicon compound,
is irradiated as it passes through zirconium
tubes to the heating pile, where it is acti-
vated and broken down into the droplets of
the elixir called Moon Glow. You see the
golden drops falling there.

   "It has the excellent flavor of fine petro-
leum, as I make it. Perhaps you'd care to
taste it. Then you could understand that it
is not really bad at all. Perhaps you could
persuade yourself to be more lenient with
me."

  "Certainly not,” said MS-33.

  "Perhaps you are right," I said after a
moment of reflection. I took a syringe, drew
up several drops of the stuff and squirted
it into my carapace, where it would do the
most good. I felt much better.

  “Yes,” I continued, "certainly you are
quite correct, now that I think of it. You
newer models would never bear it. You
weren’t built to stand such things. Nor, for

that matter, could you comprehend the ex-
quisite joys that are derived from Moon
Glow. Not only would you derive no pleas-
ure from it, but it would corrode your
parts, I imagine, until you could scarcely
crawl back to your master for repairs.” I
helped myself to another liberal portion.

  *	That is the silliest thing I’ve ever
heard,” he said.

  "What?”

  "I said, it’s silly. We are constructed to
withstand a hundred times greater stress,
and twice as many chemical actions as you
were. Nothing could hurt us. Besides, it
looks harmless enough. I doubt that it is
hardly anything at all.”

  "For me it is not,” I admitted. "But
you—”

  "Give me the syringe, fool!”

  "I dare not.”

  "Give it here!”

  I allowed him to wrest it from my grasp.
In any case I could not have prevented him.
He shoved me backwards against the rusty
bulkhead with a clang. He pushed the noz-
zle of the syringe down into the retort and
withdrew it filled with Moon Glow. He
opened an inspection plate in his ventral
region and squirted himself generously.

  It was quite a dose. He waited for a mo-
ment. "I feel nothing,” he said finally. "I
do not believe it is anything more than com-
mon lubricating oil.” He was silent for
another moment. "There is an ease of move-
ment," he said.

  "No paralysis?” I asked.

  "Paral—? You stupid, rusty old robot!”
He helped himself to another syringeful
of Moon Glow. The stuff brought twenty
credits an ounce, but I did not begrudge it
him.

  He flexed his superbly articulated joints
in three directions, and I could hear his
power unit building up within him to a
whining pitch. He took a shuffling sidestep,
and then another, gazing down at his feet,
with arms akimbo.

  "The light gravity here is superb, superb,
superb, superb, superb,” he said, skipping a
bit.

   "Isn’t it?” I said.

  "Almost negligible,” he said.

  "True.”

  "You have been very kind to me,” MS-33
20

PLANET STORIES

said. "Extremely, extraordinarily, incompar-
ably, incalculably kind.” He used up all the
adjectives in his memory pack. "I wonder
if you would mind awfully much if—”

   "Not at all,” I said, "Help yourself. By
the way, friend, would you mind telling
me what your real mission of your party
is here on Phobos. The Senator forgot to
say.”

   "Secret,” he said. "Horribly top secret. As
a dutiful subject—I mean servant—of
Earth, I could not, of course, divulge it to
anyone. If I could—” his neon eyes glis-
tened, "if I could, you would, of course, be
the first to know. The very first.” He threw
one nickel-plated arm about my shoulder.

   "I see,” I said, "and just what is it that
you are not allowed to tell me?”

   "Why, that we are making a preliminary
survey here on Phobos, of course, to de-
termine whether or not it is worthwhile to
send salvage for scrap. Earth is short of
metals, and it depends upon what the old
ma—the master says in his report.”

   "You mean they’ll take all the derelict
spaceships, such as this one, and all the
abandoned equipment?”

   "And the r-robots,” MS-33 said, "They’re
metal too, you know.”

   "They’re going to take the dismantled
robots?”

  MS-33 made a sweeping gesture.
"They’re going to take all the r-robots,
dismantled or not. They’re not good for
anything anyway. The bill is up before the
Federation Congress right now. And it will
pass if my master, Langley says so.” He pat-
ted my helmet, consolingly, his grapples
clanking. "If you were worth a damn, you
know—” he concluded sorrowfully.

   "That's murder,” I said. And I meant it.
Man’s inhumanity to metal people, I
thought. Yes—to man, even if we were
made of metal.

   "How’s that?" said MS-33 foggily.
"Have another drop of Moon Glow,” I
said. "I’ve got to get hack to Argon City.”

I MADE it back to Benny’s place without
incident. I had never moved so swiftly.
I sent Benny out to find Jon Rogeson, and
presently he brought him back.

  I told Rogeson what MS-33 had said,
watching his reaction carefully. I could not

forget that though he had been our friend,
he was still one of the Builders, a human
who thought as humans.

  "You comprehend,” I said grimly, "that
one word of this will bring an uprising of
fifty-thousand metal people which can be
put down only at much expense and with
great destruction. We are free people. The
Builders exiled us here, and therefore lost
their claim to us. We have as much right'to
life as anyone, and we do not wish to be
melted up and made into printing presses
and space ships and the like.”

   "The damn fools,” Jon said softly. "Lis-
ten, B-12, you’ve got to believe me. I didn't
know a thine about this, though I’ve sus-
pected something was up. I’m on your side,
but what are we going to do? Maybe they’ll
listen to reason. Vera—”

  "That is the name of the she? No, they
will not listen to reason. They hate us.” I
recalled with bitterness the episode of alarm
clock. "There is a chance, however. I have
not been idle this night. If you will go get
Langley and meet me in the back room here
at Benny's, we will talk.”

   "But he’ll be asleep.”

  "Awaken him,” I said. "Get him here.
Your own job is at stake as well, remem-
ber.”

  "I’ll get him,” Jon said grimly. "Wait
here.”

  I went over to the bar where Benny was
serving the miners. Benny had always been
my friend. Jon was my friend, too, but he
was a Builder. I wanted one of my own
people to know what was going on, just in
case something happened to me.

  We were talking there, in low tones,
when I saw MS-33. He came in through the
front door, and there was purposefulness
in his stride that had not been there when I
left him back at the old hulk. The effects of
the Moon Glow had worn off much quicker
than I had expected. He had come for venge-
ance. He would tell about my distillery,
and that would be the end of me. There
was only one thing to do and I must do it
fast.

  “Quick,” I ordered Benny. "Douse the
lights.” He complied. The place was
plunged into darkness. I knew that It was
darkness and yet, you comprehend, 1 still
sensed everything in the place, for I had
B-12’8 moon glow

21

the special visual sensory system bequeathed
only to the General Purposes of a bygone
age. I could see, but hardly anyone else
could. I worked swiftly, and I got what I
was after in a very short time. I ducked out
of the front door with it and threw it in a
silvery arc as far as I could hurl it. It was an
intricate little thing which could not, I am
sure, have been duplicated on the entire
moon of Phobos.

  When I returned, someone had put the
lights back on, but it didn’t matter now.
MS-3 3 was sitting at one of the tables, star-
ing fixedly at me. He said nothing. Benny
was motioning for me to come into the back
room. I went to him.

  Jon Rogeson and Langley were there.
Langley looked irritated. He was mumbling
strangled curses and rubbing his eyes.

  Rogeson laughed. "You may be interested
in knowing, B-12, that I had to arrest him
to get him here. This had better be good.”
' It is all bad,” I said, "very bad—but nec-
essary.” I turned to Langley. "It is said that
your present survey is being made with the
purpose of condemning all of Phobos, the
dead and the living alike, to the blast fur*
naces and the metal shops of Earth. Is this
true?”

  "Why you impudent, miserable piece of
tinl What if I am making a scrap survey?
What are you going to do about it. You're
nothing but a ro—”

  "So it is true! But you will tell the sal-
vage ships not to come. It is yours to decide,
and you will decide that we are not worth
bothering with here on Phobos. You will
save us."

  “I?” blustered Langley.

  "You will.” I took the thing out of my
breastplate container and showed it to him.
He grew pale.

  Jon said, "Well, I’ll be damned!”

  It was a picture of Langley and another.
I gave it to Jon. "His wife,” I said. "His
real wife. I am sure of it, for you will note
the inscription on the bottom.”

  "Then Vera—?”

  "Is not his wife. You wonder that he was
camera shy?”

  "Housebreaker!” roared Langley. "It’s a
plot; a dirty, reactionary plot!”

  "It is what is called blackmail,” I said.

I	turned to Jon. "I am correct about this?”

  "You are.” Jon said.

  "You are instructed to leave Phobos,” I
said to Langley, "and you will allow my
friend here to keep his job as peace officer,
for without it he would be lost. I have ob-
served that in these things the Builders are
hardly more adaptable than their children,
the metal people. You will do all this, and
in return, we will not send the picture that
Jon took today to your wife, nor otherwise
inform her of your transgression. For I am
told that this is a transgression."

   "It is indeed," agreed Jon gravely. "Right,
Langley?”

  "All right,” Langley snarled. "You win.
And the sooner I get out of this hole the
better.’’ He got up to go, squeezing his fat
form through the door into the bar, past
the gaping miners and the metal people,
heedless of the metal jpeople. We watched
him go with some satisfaction.

  "It is no business of mine," I said to
Jon, "but I have seen you look with longing
upon the she that was not Langley's wife.
Since she does not belong to him, there is
nothing to prevent you from having her.
Should not that make you happy?”

  "Are you kidding?" he snarled.

  Which proves that I have still much to
learn about his race.

  Out front, Langley spied his metal ser-
vant, MS-33, just as he was going out the
door. He turned to him. "What are you
doing here?” he asked suspiciously.

  MS-33 made no answer. He stared ma-
levolently at the bar, ignoring Langley.

  "Come on here, damn you!” Langley said.
MS-33 said nothing. Langley went over to
him and roared foul things into his ear-
phones that would corrode one's soul, if
one had one. I shall never forget that mo-
ment. The screaming, rcd-faced Langley,
the laughing miners.

  But he got no reply from MS-33. Not
then or ever. And this was scarcely strange,
for I had removed his fuse.
THE WOMAN-STEALERS
OF THRAYX

            By FOX B. HOLDEN

“And that is why you will take us to Earth, Lieutenant/*
harked the Ihelian warrior. “We do not want your arms
or your men. What we must ask for is—■
ten thousand women."

 MASON was nervous. It was the nerv-
 ousness of cold apprehension, not
 simply that which had become in-
 digenous to his high-strung make-up. He
 was, in his way, afraid; afraid that he’d
 again come up with a wrong answer.

   He'd brought the tiny Scout too close to
 the Rim. Facing the facts squarely, he knew,
 even as he fingered the stud that would
 wrench them out of their R-curve, that he’d
 not just come too close. He’d overshot en-
 tirely. Pardonable, perhaps, from the view-
 point of the corps of scientists safely en-
 sconced in their ponderous Mark VIi Ex-
 plorer some fifteen light-days behind. But
 not according to the g-n manual. According
 to it, he’d placed the Scout and her small
 crew in a "situation of avoidable risk," and
 it would make a doubtful record look that
 much worse.

   The next time he’d out-argue Cain with
 his rank if he had to. Cain was big enough
 to grab things with his brawny fists and
 twist them into whatever shape he wanted
 when the things were tangible, solid, resist-
 ing. But R-Space was something else again.
 Nobody knew what it did beyond the Rim.
24

PLANET STORIES

   He materialized the Scout into E-Space,
listened for trouble from her computers,
but they chuckled softly on, keeping track
of where they were, where they’d been, and
how they’d get home.

   It was as though nothing had happened.
But Lieutenant Lansing Mason was still
nervous, his slender fingers steady enough,
but as cold as the alien dark outside the
ship they controlled.

   "You look a little shot again, skipper!”
Cain said, grinning like a Martian desert cat.
"What’s the matter, Space goblins got you
again?”

   A retort started at Mason’s taut lips, but
his third officer was already speaking.

   "Here’s a dope sheet from the comps, if
anybody’s interested in knowing iust where
outside the Rim we are,” she said. "I make
it just a shade inside the outermost fringes
of the Large Magellanic Cloud." Sergeant
Judith Kent’s voice had its almost habitually
preoccupied tone, as though the words she
said were hardly more than incidental to a
host of more important thoughts running
iwiftly behind her wide-set, deep gray eyes.
They were serious eyes, and in their way
matched the solemn set of her small features
and the crisp, military cut of her black hair
and severe uniform.

   "Our little boss-man knows where we are,
ill right!” Cain said.

   Mason gave Cain’s six-feet-two a quick
glance, wondering as he always wondered
why the big redhead’s shoulders always
seemed too broad for the Warrant Officer’s
stripes on them. "Sergeant Kent’s right,”
he said. "Here’s her comp-sheet. You can
look for yourself. Fringe, Magellanic. And
look at that while you can—’’ he jabbed a
forefinger at the main scanner, its screen
studded with unfamiliarly close constella-
tions—"because we’re on our way back.
Set up a return on the comps, will you,
Sergeant?” For all his tenseness his voice
was low, and the words it formed were even
and swift.

   "Hell, Lance, this is the sort of stuff the
brain trust pays us bonuses for.”

   "Not out here they don’t. R-drive when
you’re ready, Sergeant!”

   Cain turned from the deep control bank
and gave his full attention to the scanner as
the -slender, efficient girl started feeding a

tape of reversal co-ordinates into the com-
puters.

   Mason waited the few necessary seconds,
pushed disarranged dark hair out of his eyes
and felt the clammy dampness on his fore-
head, and wTished silently to himself that
opportunists like Cain were kept where they
belonged—on the Slam-Bang Run out of
CalJisto. That’s where the money was.
That’s where a Warrant like Cain ought to
be.

  "Ready, sir,” he heard Judith saying
quietly.

  "Hey, skipper!” There was a sudden
urgency in Cain’s voice, and the equally
sudden racket of an MPD alarm going off.
Cain was gesturing at the scanner, stubby
finger tracing a slewing pip of light. The
alarm stopped, and Judith’s cool voice was
relaying information. "About a thousand
miles,” she was saying, "mass, approxi-
mately three hundred tons. Speed—”

BUT Mason wasn’t listening. He was
watching the pip of light as Cain got
the scanner’s directional going, tracked it.
Suddenly there were others coming as
though to meet it, and it swerved violently,
obviously in flight. And now there were
more yet, this time from the starboard
quadrant of the screen.

  "Radiation reading, Sergeant!” Mason
clipped out.

   While the two men watched, Judith read
back the cryptic information interpolated by
the ship's mass-proximity detector.

   That’s not all engine junk!” Cain ex-
claimed as she finished.

   "We don’t know what drive they’ve got,”
Mason answered. "Could be anything—”

   "Nuts! You wouldn’t get that much from
an old-fashioned ion-blast, skipper! That’s a
shooting war, that’s what it is!” There was
a glitter in Cain’s narrowed brown eyes; a
new edge on his heavy voice. "Which side
do we take, boss-man?"

  "No side at all,” Mason said, hardly
moving his lips. "We’re getting the hell out
of here.”

   "Look, Lance. We’ve got a crew of ten
—we've got a couple of m-guns aboard
because we’re a Scout. No telling how one
of those outfits may show their gratitude if
we pitch in, help their side out. That’s what
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

25

we’re out here for, isn't it? Dig up new stuff
for the double-domes to sink their slide-
rules into? Think of the bonus, skipper!
Hell, this is made to order—”

  Mason turned a quick glance to the girl,
but her face told him nothing. It never did
when things like this came up between him-
self and Cain. And it was something he
knew he had no right to expect. But he was
tired . . . too damn much Space, and there
was nothing else he knew how to do.

  But this time Cain had a point. Aliens—
extra-galactic, even if almost neighbors—
and his help one way or the other could
mean an engraved invitation, a key to the
city.

  He turned back to the screen, watched as
the careening pips massed, mixed, whirled
in an insensate jumble. He didn't want anv
more mistakes. They’d ground him for good,
tell him he’d had his limit of Space, and
park him on one of the rest-planets with a
pension for the rest of his life.

  No, he had to think, and quickly.

  Earth had only too recently gotten an
entire history of wars out of her system.
Perhaps for good, this time. And that was
it; that was his answer. Better keep his nose
clean—

  "For God’s sake, skipper,” Cain snapped.
"Come out of it! This is a natural, we’ll
clean up!”

  "Sergeant Kent! R-drive!”

  There was a moment’s sensation of noth-
ingness as the Scout made the Euclidean-
Riemannian Transition; the scanner paled
and the segment of the universe it framed
twisted, changed.

-	Cain didn’t say anything. He glowered,
and Mason could feel the big man’s con-
tempt. But he didn’t have time for it.

  This time there wouldn’t be any error.
This time he’d be a step ahead of the situa-
tion and stay there. "Scratch those reversal
co-ordinates, Sergeant! Set up to diverge
thirty degrees!”

  Cain’s sarcasm was little disguised. "Mind
if I ask a question?”

  "Just stay at ease, Mister Cain, until
we’re out of this!”

  Mason watched the scanner’s distorted
image as die Scout hurtled through a curved
pencil of four-point Space; she didn’t have
a fraction of a powerful Explorer’s speed,

and her small powerframe physically limited
her to that of light. Yet it could be fast
enough, for the aliens might know nothing
of Transition technique, or could be as wary
as Earthmen of the Rim. His precautions
could be needless. But he had seen them and
they were war-like, and he had no inten-
tion of being followed, either back to the
Explorer, or ultimately to Earth itself. He’d
have to maintain the diverged course until
he was certain.

  There was a black pip on the fog-colored
scanner. Judith saw it even as he did. There
was a fleeting look of fright on her intent
young face that she hadn't been able to
mask.

  Cain saw it too,

  "You got a tail, skipper!” he said, and
the grin was back on his big freckled face.

  Cain was right. The alien was capable of
Transition. And he obviously had little fear
of the Rim. His ship grew larger in the
scanner.

  Mason felt his fingers grow cold again.

LANCE told the girl to eject the tape
of co-ordinates from the nav-compu-
ters, and he took over manually, hoping the
comps would keep up. It would be up to
him where they went, and up to the comps
to keep track of the Scout's position rela-
tive to both the Solar System and the Ex-
plorer.

  His fingers played across the control -
banks as though the)' were the keyboards of
a great organ, and he felt his insides writhe
as he slipped the hurtling ship back into
E-Space, then back to R-level again. He
played the tiny craft between levels as
though it were a stone skipping across
water, and altered course with each Transi-
tion with no attempt at plan or pattern.
Rivulets of ice water trickled down across
his ribs, and the flesh of his thin face was
stiff.

  "Wrong again,” he heard Cain saying.
"At least we can tell the brain trust that
their precious R-factor is constant beyond
the Rim. . . . maybe that’ll be worth a buck
or two. At least those kids back there arc
playing around in this galaxy like it was
their own front yard. Go on, skipper, take
a look yourself!”

  Mason didn’t have to look. He knrv that
20

PLANET STORIES

he hadn't lost the alien; had known some-
how that he wouldn't be able to. Too
apparently, their own galaxy, near as it was
to the Milky Way, was of the same Space,
its continuum forged in the same curvature
matrices.

   "Shall I order our m-guns placed, sir?”
It was Judith, and he knew she had grasped
the implications of the situation as quickly
as she always did. Sometimes he wondered
if she were a computer herself, clad in the
graceful body of a young woman rather
than in a shell of permasteel. And other
times. . . .

   He didn’t even think about his answer.
The "No” was automatic.

   "I’ll give the order, then, myself!" Cain
laid flatly.

   "As you were, Mister Cain!"

   'So it’s rank, now, is it? And he was
grinning that damn grin again.

   'Take it any way you want. If you think
three meson cannon will stop a ship that's
obviously built for battle, you're hardly
thinking well enough for the responsibili-
ties of your post."

   "Well listen to who's sounding off! So
we're just going to let ’em overhaul us; just
let 'em blast us out of Space, or coma
tramping aboard if they want to!"

  Mason didn't reply. He looked at the
scanner, and now the alien craft was no
longer a dot, but taking definite shape. It
would be a couple of hours, yet, perhaps.
And then it would have to be the way Cain
had said.

  The alien overhauled them hardly a
billion miles inside the Rim, and Mason
offered no resistance when he felt their mag-
netics touch the Scout and draw it gently to
the flank of their great ship. It was necessary
to scale down the scanner's field to see the
huge shape in its entirety. Beside it, the
Scout was like a sparrow’s egg.

  He punched the stud that would swing
in the outer lock as the two craft touched
with but the slightest jar.

   Cain's ham-like fists were knotted at his
sides, and Judith stood quietly, as though
waiting for nothing more than the presence
of an inspecting officer. But her delicate face
was white, and Mason wondered if the
brain under that crisp, dark hair was still
functioning as a well disciplined piece of

machinery, or if it felt the same fear that
was in his own. He knew what was in
Cain’s thoughts. But at least when he’d told
their small crew the score, they had accepted
his decision—and his order to keep the
m-guns where they were. So maybe this
time it was Cain who was wrong.

  The three of them stood in the compact
confines of the control bubble, silent,
waiting.

   And when the alien stepped through their
inner airlock port and faced them, Mason
knew he was not succeeding in keeping his
surprise from his features.

  The alien could have been human. Even
clad in his Spacegear, he was little taller
than Cain, and his hair and eyes could have
been those of an Earthly Viking of another
day. Humanoid, so far as physical appear-
ances went. But in thought—?

  There was a smile on the Viking face as
the alien removed the transparent globe of
his helmet. He seemed to realize instinc-
tively that Mason was the Scout’s com*
mander.

  "I am Kriijorl,” he said. *T extend the
greetings of Ihelos.” And he proffered his
right hand, Earth fashion, toward Mason!

   Lance grasped it as he tried to organize
the sudden scramble of his thoughts. It was
a strong hand. He could feel the sinews of
it beneath its gauntlet; like Cain’s, yet dif-
ferent, somehow. "You are peacefully re-
ceived, and welcome," he said. But there
was a hollow sound to his words that he
had not been able to help.

   The smile still played on the alien’s sun-
darkened face.

  "Thank you. I hope that I use your
language not too clumsily. Our teleprobes
may leave something to be desired in the
matter of semantics. You will, I hope, for-
give us for taking the liberty of their use.
But since you employed no protective
screens, and because of the necessity of our
meeting—•”

   Cain broke in without hesitation. "I don’t
know what you've been up to while you’ve
been tagging us, mister, but I—”

  "At ease, Mister Cain!” Mason snapped.
"We must allow our guest to explain his
action and his mission.”

  The alien nodded slightly, glanced at
Judith.
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

27

“TT WAS your woman officer aboard,”
-i- he began. "When we became aware
that you also represented a bi-sexual race, as
do we, we realized at once that you afforded
us an unexpected opportunity. Otherwise,
we should nave remained at our business
and spared you this intrusion.

   "we of Ihelos, as you doubtless have
noted, are at war. It is perhaps not war as
your culture understands it; it is perhaps
more accurately described by your word
’feud,’ I think, and it has continued between
us and our only similar neighbor, the planet
of Thrayx, for many thousands of your
years.

   "We have been quite self-sufficient cul-
tures for all that time, and have taken great
care that our conflict not infect any other
area in either our galaxy or yours, for
neither of us, by inherent nature, is war-like
in the sense of aggressiveness. Our conflict
is between us and us alone.

   "However, we of Ihelos recently received
a staggering setback from our traditional
enemy due to a certain unexpected innova-
tion in their battle techniques, and we
realized that our cause could end only in
eventual defeat. As it shall, unless your
people will help us.”
tliere was a moment of silence, and
Mason found himself wondering how often
this had happened in Earth’s own bitter
past. It was, wherever men lived, an old
story.

   "What,” Cain was asking, "is in this
for us?”

   "Could you tell us,” Judith said before
the alien could answer Cain, "just why you
chose us? Certainly, you must have noticed
our techniques of warfare are quite inferior
to your own. We have not employed them
for more than two hundred years—”

   "Nor,” Mason finished for her, "do we
Intend to again. You must seek help else-
where, sir.”

   "That, for us, would be quite impos-
sible,” the alien replied slowly. "The
chances of finding other life forms like our
own are billions to one, the immensity of
both our galaxies notwithstanding. Had you
not ventured within range of our screens we
would In all probability never known you
existed. And to organize a search. . .and
now the smile on his lips was almost a sad

thing, "a search of two galaxies—it would
take us aeons, even at a thousand times the
speed of light, simply to cover the vast dis-
tances involved, to say nothing of finding a
similar life and thought form. And we do
not have aeons, Lieutenant. We have but
two—three, at most—generations.

   "There is too little time to search for
allies. We have no other choice, as you can
see, than to take what advantage we can of
those upon whom we may chance.”

   "But as my sergeant has already pointed
out,” Mason said, "our arms would be
worthless to you. And, more importantly,
we wish no more part in warfare. I am
afraid, in that respect, you must excuse ui,
sir. ... It has been a pleasure to have you
aboard.”

   And suddenly, the smile was gone from
the alien’s face.

   "I must demand of you, then—force you,
if necessary—to take us to your planet,
Lieutenant. For you can quite obviously
help us. It is not your arms we want.”

   ‘ I fail to understand you sir.” Mason felt
the icy sweat start again, repressed a shiver
as it trickled the length of his spare body.

   "Our planet, as our enemy’s, is encircled
by a wide ring of floating cosmic debris,”
the alien said. "In both instances, the rings
are remnants of what once may have been
satellites. In the ring which encircles us, we
have successfully secreted refrigerated, lead-
sheathed stores of male sperm, quite impos-
sible for our enemy to locate. That is ft
necessity, of course, for any race that if
constantly at war and is obliged to take all
possible safeguards to insure its continued
existence. We assume that Thrayx has done
the same.

   "However, our cell stores are useless if
they lack ova to fertilize. On their last
attack, Thrayxite ships succeeded in pene-
trating our innermost planetary defenses,
and heavily damaged a number of our cities!
Many of our women and young were
victims.

   "We therefore evacuated our planet’s
entire female population to an uninhabited
world far distant. It was a young world and
covered with thick forests, much like the
labor planetoid which circles Thrayx, and
we believed our breeders would be quite
sufficiently camouflaged.”
28

PLANET STORIES

   "Breeders?” Cain broke in.

    Our philosophy concerning women is
slightly different than your own,” the alien
said. And then he resumed, "But in our
haste we underestimated our enemy’s clever-
ness. Thrayxite scouts located the planet,
destroyed it, our women, and our seeds.

  "And that is why you will take us to
Earth, Lieutenant. We do not want your
arms or your men. What we must ask for
is—ten thousand of your women!”

II

ACEPHEID Variable winked tauntingly
at the edge of the Milky Way, the
Large Magellanic Cloud strewn like dia-
monds in a vast cosmic spume behind it.
It corruscated in glorious display as, far off,
a great silvery ship of Space and a tiny jot
of man-made metal resumed their headlong
motion through the mighty legion of the
•stars.

   And then for an instant, the Cepheid’s
bright wink was dulled; eclipsed. A taper-
ing streamlined shape slipped silently across
it, and then was gone in the blackness, and
the white dwarf resumed its brilliant dis-
play.

   3ut the commander of the Cepheid's in-
terruptor had been giving little time to
appreciation of the myriad beauties in the
reat darkness that had swallowed her ship,
he had trebled her screens and had taxed
her craft’s colossal power installation to its
limit, forcing it to absorb and reconvert
every erg of radiant energy possible as it
labored to maintain the awful output neces-
sary to cling to the very edge of R-Space,
barely clear of the E-continuum itself.

  She might have been an Amazon of
Earth save for the great intelligence behind
the high plane of her forehead, yet she was
not without beauty, nor were those of her
ship’s complement. On their close-fitting
uniforms were emblazoned the Planet-and-
Circle insignia of their, homeland, for they
were of the galactic hosts of Thrayx.

  ’They proceed toward a planet on the
near side of this galaxy called Earth," the
second officer said. "Their mission is to re-
plenish their supply of breeders.”

   "You are certain of that?”

   I admit it is peculiar, for the breeders

they seek are women of that planet.”

  "Women?”

   "Yes. However, the Earthmens’ minds in-
dicated a strong tendency to refuse cooper-
ation.”

  "I see. Do you think our probe was

detected?”

   "No. I withdrew it immediately when the
Earthmen were taken aboard the Ihelian
destroyer.”

   There wras a long moment of silence.
The commander’s eyes stayed unwaveringly
on the control sphere mounted in gimbals
before her. They remained concentrated on
it when she spoke again.

   "Women, you say. Hardly conceivable,
Daleb, unless—unless it was not simply a
penal planetoid which we destroyed!”

   "A startling thought, Lady!”

   "Yes. And the Earthmen, you say, did
not have cooperative thoughts?”

   "That is correct. They are not taking the
Ihelian craft to their planet of their own
volition.”

   "That is difficult to understand, Daleb,
for the Ihelians are like ourselves in at least
one respect. They are not aggressors. And if
they are refused their strange request, they
will leave the planet Earth peacefully. But
if they are not refused it, perhaps the Earth-
man’s superiors will cooperate, Daleb! In
which case—”

   "Whatever their mission, it is our duty to
prevent its success, Lady. But to do this
without violating the Book, without infect-
ing a foreign area of the galaxy with our
conflict?”

   "I think there is a way,” the commander
said. She twisted the sphere slightly, and
again the two tiny pips it held were caught
squarely at the intersection of the curving
light traceries within it. "There is a way,
she said. "Give me a complete description
of the clothing these Earthmen wore,
Daleb. . .

  A tapering, streamlined shape slid
shadow-like across the face of an undulating
globular cluster, and then was swallowed
quickly in the strange gray void of hyper-
space.

MASON and Judith waited outside the
towering New United Nations build-
ing in Greater San Francisco, their chauf-
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

29

feured government helio parked on a sky-
ramp adjacent to the three hundredth floor.

  liiey waited for Kriijorl; they had been
assigned, as Earthmen best acquainted with
the alien, as his official hosts during his stay
on their planet. Mason had protested, but
Judith had kept the protests from reaching
the wrong ears.

  "You won’t make any mistakes. You’re
home, now!” she had whispered. "After
all, he’s only human!”

  It had been the first time Mason had
heard a hint of levity in her voice, and he
had liked it, and decided to take the assign-
ment gracefully. And, the orders said,
Sergeant Judith Kent went with the assign-
ment. Without Cain!

  He hardly felt nervous at all as they
waited for the Ihelian to leave the General
Council chamber.

  "Wonder how he made out?” he said idly,
offering the girl a self-lighting cigarette.
"Been in there for hours.

  ‘’We’ll know soon enough,” she said.
"But I—I personally can’t conceive of It,
sir. Of course, the New-UN is very prac-
ticed in dealing with all kinds of cultures.
Remember the time they had with those
awful five-legged things from Canis Major?
Wanted to trade all the tritium we’d need
to blow up a planet just for trees; because
they worshipped trees! Any and all kinds
of trees.

  Mason smiled. He was good looking
when he smiled and the Space-tension was
gone from his slate colored eyes. "I remem-
ber. But it looks as though they’re goin^ to
have the toughest time with somebody just
like us—two legs, two arms, oxygen-breath-
ing. . . . Women, the man said. Tust what
the devil does he expect us to do? Draft
’em? Have an international lot drawing?”

SHE smoked quietly, and her gray eyes
were thoughtful. "A matter of view-
point, sir,” she said finally. "As it always is.
To them, females are for breeding only, to
keep their war machine well stocked, rrom
what Kriijorl said, they do not understand
love as we do. There’s simply one pur-
pose. ..

  "Well, that’s why I think the whole
thing is—well, as you say, inconceivable
from our point of view. Our culture, our

women just aren’t conditioned for such an
existence.”

  "Think back two centuries, sir.”

  "You don’t have to keep calling me sir’
like that!” Mason said, feeling a sudden
warmth at the back of his neck as he said it.
And then, "Two centuries back. Yes. After
every war, Earth’s birth rate would go crazy.
Mother Nature ruled the roost in those days,
didn’t she? Supply and demand, cause and
etfect. It’s a wonder Man ever got any-
where.”

  "More wonder some men do—”

  Mason looked up. But Judith’s face was,
as usual, quite calm and detached. "You say
something?”

  "I said I’d like to have you get Kriijorl
to demonstrate that teleprooe thing of hi*
for us, if you can, s— Lance. How did he
say it worked?”

   "I still don’t get it completely. A peculiar
mixture of radio and the electroencephalo-
graph, I think. He said it replaced radio on
Ihelos and Thrayx centuries ago. You can
communicate to a group or an individual
with it in language, or in basic thought pic-
tures. That’s what they use it mostly for, of
course, and as such, it’s termed a mentacom.
But he told me that it can also be used as it
was on us as a teleprobe when the subject
isn’t screened. They use a specially tuned
carrier wave of some sort, he said, that im-
pinges on a diought wave pattern, but in-
stead of registering the pattern’s electronic
impulse equivalents as does the electroen-
cephalograph, it ’reflects’ them. Like a basic
radar system. And the receiver, it's a tiny
thing, breaks the reflected pattern down into
values equivalent to those in which the
’listener’ thinks; amplifies, and that s it!
Mind reading made easy, I guess.”

  Judith squirmed a little uneasily. "I’m
glad they’re not natural telepaths, anyway,”
she answered. "And even with a gimmick
like that—”

  And then the conversation was lost as
Kriijorl, flanked by two New-UN guides,
strode from the building. The stiff breeze
at three hundred stories of what had once
been called Nob Hill flicked his scarlet
short-cape behind him and rippled the broad
front ot his black and silver tunic.

  He climbed into the helio with a smiled
greeting, seated himself to Judith’s right as
3ft

PLANET STORIES

he knew Earth custom demanded, and the
craft was lifting slowly over the central
area of the ancient city before Mason spoke.

  "Well, how did they treat you in there,

sir?"

  "Not as well as I had hoped," Kriijorl
answered. "Your President-General spoke
with me privately after the World Delegates
Council met to question me, and he held
out extremely little hope. However, the
issue is to be debated. I think perhaps more
out of diplomatic courtesy than actual Con-
sideration. I am to be informed of the offi-
cial decision tomorrow. ...”

  "There were scientists present, of
course?”

  "Yes; you have brilliant men on Earth,
Lieutenant. They are good thinkers. I am
certain they were interested in me for more
than the sole fact that I am an alien of a
race so precisely a replica of your own. But
it is- again the old factor, cultural difference.
Your entire world simply regards women
differently than we. I imagine my request,
to persons less learned than those with
whom I spoke, would be quite shocking
anywhere on the planet."

  "Perhaps,” Judith murmured. "Yet some-
how I wonder. Somehow I wonder how
much two hundred years has really changed
til. Our history in such things is not pleas-
ant, Kriijorl. Many of our women once gave
their bodies for money. Shock us? I’m not
sure you really could. For your breeders
simply give their bodies to produce the flesh
for war. And there was a time when we did
that, too.”

  There was silence between them for
a while, and then Lance began directing
the Ihelian’s attention to points of interest
as the air phase of the diplomatic tour got
under way.

  The blue-green beauty of the Pacific
stretched lazily below them from the color-
ful California shore line to the west. Sur-
rounding air traffic was light, and the tour
proceeded smoothly eastward; over the
Great Divide, and then swung north.
Kriijorl seemed impressed and grateful for
the momentary respite.

IT WAS near the end of the tour’s air
phase that Mason remembered Judith'3
request, and Kriijorl obliged with an

amused smile, producing a personal men-
tacom for Judith to examine.

  "And the receiver simply fits about the
head like earphones?"

  "Like this,” Kriijorl said. They were
nearing Denver, and air traffic at their level
had picked up, and the helio was proceed-
ing more slowly so that Kriijorl's demon-
stration caused him to miss little of the
tour.

  He fitted the compact headpiece to his
ears and flicked a small switch. It was sud-
denly bathed in a warm orange glow. "This
way, the device functions as a limited range
mentacom,” he began. And then he flicked
the switch again. "And now, as a teleprobe,
you see, I could tell you, Lady Judith, just
what—”

  She flushed furiously, but Kriijorl had
suddenly stopped speaking. His face had
blanched, and a look of bewildered fury
was suddenly in his eyes.

  "Lieutenant! That air bus! There!” He
pointed to a thick egg shaped vehicle speed-
ing to the north. 'Tell your chauffeur to

f>ursue it at once! It carries a full passenger-
oad of Earthwomen!”

  For a moment Mason thought the
Ihelian was attempting some strange joke.
But a look at the man’s face told him that
here was no joke; that here was something
he was failing to understand.

  "Earthwomen? Sure—”

  "Plus two other beings, Lieutenant. Two
others using Thrayxite probe screens!”

  On Mason’s order the government chauf-
feur swiftly heeled the helio about. “Those
buses can make nearly a full Mach when
they’re wide open like that one,” he told
Kriijorl. "We can’t overtake them, but
maybe we can keep up. I’ll have the chauf-
feur try for radio contact—”

  "No, no! They’ll be alert for any signs
of awareness of their presence! Wait—”
The Ihelian made a third adjustment on
the mentacom, and it emitted a slight hum-
ming sound, and the orange glow vanished.
"This will screen us for a short period, at
least,” he said. "And if weVe not been
already detected, perhaps we'll be able to
follow. If you’ll continue to help me,
Lieutenant—”

  "Looks as though they've got some of
ours, doesn’t it?” Mason said evenly. There
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

SI

was a strange heat in his veins now, and
with the Ihelian, his nervousness was some-
how evaporated. "But how the devil—”
"They are clever, Lieutenant. We were
somehow followed here even as we at first
followed you in your Scout ship. We may
have been probed before you were taken
aboard our screened destroyer.”

   "But you said nothing about destroying
their breeders,” Judith said above the
throbbing roar of the helio’s fast acceler-
ating jets. "Why would they want—” and
she let the sentence die as comprehension
snapped in her gray eyes. Her dark, slender
eyebrows arched nearly together as she
pushed the thought further.

   The borderlands of Canada sped beneath
them, and then there was pine forest, but
the helio kept the fleeing bus in sight even
as the shadows of a dying day crept inex-
orably from the east to engulf them. And
then, abruptly, the bus had started down.

   'They're hanging a neat frame on you,
sir,” Mason said. "Making certain you don’t
get the women you ask. By kidnaping some,
they plan sure as hell to make it look as
though Ihelian desperation is responsible.
And bingo, your side’s in the dog house in
nothing flat. No deal!”

   "They’re damnably cunning,” Kriijorl
said. "It will not be the first time they have
come near making utter fools of us. I can’t
understand that.”

   "But how would they have gotten those
women?” Judith asked. The helio was slant-
ing downward, and was now less than five
miles distant from the fast vanishing bus.
It began to skim the tree tops of a great
tract of spruce, its chauffeur awaiting
Mason’s signal to drop quickly out of their
quarry’s line of sight.

   "Video ads, of course,” Mason answered
quickly, straining his tensed eyes to estimate
distance in the fast gathering darkness.
"Some big deal. Spaceliner hostess at twice
the going rate of payment. Anything like
that. ...”

   The bus finally vanished less than a half-
mile ahead of Mason’s helio, and there was
a dark vertical shadow jutting just above
the tree tops. He knew it was one of their
shuttle boats, and from its apparent size
would easily hold all the bus would be able
to carry—perhaps a full three hundred. He

gave orders quickly to the chauffeur, and
then the helio was hovering inches above
the tree tops, and he tossed a plastiweave
ladder over the side.

   "Don’t use the radio,” he snapped to
Judith. "Just get back to New-UN head-
quarters. Inform them any way possible of
what’s going on, and then flash the air
patrol and tell ’em to come gunning!”

   He didn’t give her a chance to argue. He
simply swung over the helio’s side, Kriijorl
after him, and within moments they were
on the ground, and running with what
silence they could through the darkness
toward the towering Thrayxite ship a
quarter-mile distant.

   "Their action is incomprehensible to me,”
the Ihelian grunted between gulps of air.
"It violates the most basic tenets of the
ancient Book of the Saints, sacred to us
both—”

   "Better save your breath for running,”
Mason told him, and they sprinted across
the soft pine needle forest floor, shielding
their eyes from treacherous, low hanging
boughs, dodging the trees themselves as
best they could in the moonlit darkness.

   And they burst upon the clearing in
which the Thrayxite ship had landed almost
before realizing it.

   Mason caught a glimpse of Earthwomen,
being led as though drugged into the yawn-
ing flank of the silent vessel.

  There was a sudden movement in the
darkness to his left, and he heard the
start of an outcry on the Ihelian’s lips. But
it was all he heard or saw. There was a
quick knifing pain in his skull, and he
crumpled to the ground.

Ill

OU may wait in here, sergeant,” the
New-UN orderly said. She was ush-
ered into a small, comfortably appointed
chamber adjoining the main conference hall,
and the perfectly controlled coolness of her
bearing was at its peak. To the casual glance
of the orderly, perhaps, it flawlessly masked
the vital convictions which had long seethed
within her and made her the little known
woman she was. The studied mask itself
had made her the efficient Space officer she
was. And at the moment she was glad for it,
32

PLANET STORIES

because it also concealed the anxious uncer-
tainty that twisted coldly inside her.

  She was to wait, the Council had in-
formed her. Wart, while the information
she had given them was analyzed, digested.
As though, perhaps, what she had said was
part of some insidious plot; as though it
were too fantastic to be the truth.

  They had not even immediately author-
ized the dispatch of a patrol cruiser to the
spot where she’d left Lance and Kriijorl
over two hours ago, and bv now—?

   She tried not to think of what the Earth-
man and the Ihelian might be facing, alone
and in the darkness. Nor of the conclusions
to which the Council, called into emergency
session by the President General himself
when her information had been rapidly re-
layed through the correct channels to him,
might arrive.

   She could only wait.

   And her waiting was terminated with an
abrupt suddenness that made the twisting
cold thing inside her a churning confusion.
It had been only minutes, hardly minutes.

  Only one of them came into the small
room where she sat. She rose quickly to
attention. It was an aide to the President
General himself; a brevet-Colonel wearing
the uniform of the World Police.

   "Sergeant Kent,” he said, "it is the Coun-
cil’s decision that you be placed under
temporary arrest. Your case will be heard
at the next sitting of the martial court to
which your unit is assigned. If you will
accompany me, please. ..."

   "May I ask, sir, what the charge against
me is?’ Her voice was steady by cultivated
habit.

  "You are to be held on suspicion of
acting as accessory before and after the fact
of conspiring to assist an alien power in the
achievement of its objective within the gov-
ernmental jurisdiction of Earth without
official permission of the .New United
Nations. ’

   “But the Ihelians have not done that, sir!”
she protested. "It is a plot of their enemy,
as I explained to the Council—”

   "You will be given full benefit of due
legal process, sergeant,” the officer said.
“You will come with me, please.”

  The Women's Detainment Barrack was
not unpleasant, yet, Judith thought, it may

as well have been a medieval dungeon. But
her own problem, she knew, was nothing
beside the cunning success of the Thrayxites.

  The call-buzzer at the side of her bunk
interrupted her thoughts; it meant she was
wanted in the main guard room. She
straightened her uniform quickly, and
within moments presented herself before
the barrack warden.

  Roger Cain stood beside the warden’s
desk. There was something white in his
hand, and she knew what it was.

  "You’re at liberty, Sergeant Kent,” the
beefy-faced warden informed her in a tone
as casual as though she’d asked her for a
cigarette. "Warrant Officer Cain has posted
a release voucher; you’re ordered into his
custody until your trial. That's all. You
may go.”

  She left the barrack with Cain, word-
lessly. None of it made sense. Unless—

  "Well, don't I even get a thank you?7'
the red-haired giant asked.

  "Yes, Mister Cain, sorry. But I don’t
understand—

  "Why I did it?” He chuckled, and she
didn’t like the sound of it. "I’m only too
glad to have you in my custody, young
woman! And, you know, you’re not sup-
posed to be out of my sight any—that is,
any of the time!”

   She felt her face redden, and spun about
to face him. There was sudden anger at her
lips and her coolness had evaporated.

  "You contempti—”

   "Easy there, sergeant! Always knew there
was a little more to you than that ice cube
exterior of yours! But tell me—d’you want
to sit back there in that dump, or shall we
stick our noses into the lovely mixup your
precious Lieutenant Mason has set oft?”

  She stared up at him wordlessly, the
blood hot in her cheeks. And she tried to
think. This was Cain as she knew he was.
This was Roger Cain, angling for a deal.

  "I’m in your custody,” she bit out. "I
must stay within your sight. That is your
responsibility."

  He laughed at her, then gripped her
elbow.

  "Come on,” he said. "I've got a R-IX
waiting at the field. I think we should go
on a little trip, sergeant. There are people
I want to see!
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

33

  They were streaming for open Space with-
in less than thirty minutes from the time
Cain had freed her. She didn’t ask him how
he’d gotten permission for the fleet R-IX’s
use, or how he’d obtained her voucher, nor
did she ask him how he had learned of what
had happened to Lance and Kriijorl, yet she
knew that somehow he was aware of the
Tlirayxites and their plot. Cain had ways of
learning the things he wanted to learn,
getting the things he wanted to get.

  "Keep an eye on the scanner for me, will
you, beautiful?”

   "Yes sir.”

   "And forget that sir stuff! Look, Judy—”
"For what do you want me to watch,
sir?"

  Cain grunted, gave a shrug of his power-
ful shoulders and turned his attention back
to the pursuit’s compact control console.

  "Two blips, honey. Tearing hell-for-
leather out of old Sol’s little family. One’ll
be chasing the other, if my guess is any
good. We want the front one.”

  "But—but that would be the—”

  "The Thrayxite crowd. Right?"

  For a moment she was silent. She knew
he could not mean to attack; not with a tiny
pursuit, swift as it was.

  "Mister Cain, I can only guess at what
you intend doing. But it will be my privilege
in court to testify concerning your conduct
of custodianship—”

  "You must be working on the assump-
tion that we’re going back there, sweet-
heart!"

  -You—M

  "A deal is where you find it! Watch for
that front blip, sergeant. With what we
know of Kriijorl and his crowd, this oughta
be a natural!”

r I THE cubicle in which he awoke was softly
-L lit, and the painful throb Mason knew
should be splitting his head apart was
strangely absent. Kriijorl was bending over
him, loosening the tightness of the military
collar at his throat.

  "They certainly were taking no chances
with you,” he said. His long Viking's hair
was matted with blood just above the
temple, yet he seemed to be suffering little
pain, himself. " How do you fed?™

i—Planet—January

  "O.K. I guess. Don’t feel anything,
really. ...” Kriijorl unbuckled the wide
straps that held him solidly in an accelera-
tion-hammock, and he sat up. The steel-
walled room rocked for a moment, then
steadied.

  "The Thrayxites are not Vicious, any more
than we. If they do not kill outright, they
apparently take medical precaution to see
that their victims suffer as little pain as
possible. We’re captives, however, together
with your Earthwomen. We’ve been in
flight for about an hour; putting us well
out of your system, if we’re hyperdriving—
moving in what you term R-Space.”
"Then—"

  "Apparently no help of any kind arrived
in time, Lieutenant.”

  Mason remembered, then. Judith. . . .
Somehow she hadn’t made it. Or hadn’t
made them believe her. This trip, he was
strictly on his own. Not just a space weaiy
Scout Lieutenant any more,

  "What’ll they do with us?”

  "Pump us for information, probably. Kill
me afterward. You should be safe enough
in that respect. You’re an alien, not a part
of our conflict. Their labor planetoid for
you, I would imagine. It is a jungle covered
sphere at the edge of their planetary ring;
our scouts have sighted it on numerous
occasions. A handful of men in each of its
camps, mining, probably, for the ore used
in Thrayxite engines. But it will be better
than death.”

  "What are our chances, Kriijorl?” Mason
felt the familiar nervousness returning to
his wiry body, yet this time it was in some
way different. Not the kind that ate your
insides out from too much Space, for too
long.

  "Of escape, you mean?” Mason nodded.
"There is no reason for you to risk—”

  "Sure as hell is, friend. First because I
believe you’re my friend. Second, there were
a couple of things you said awhile back
that got me thinking. And third, I got
myself shanghaied, and I don’t think I’ll
like where I’m going!” Cain, Mason
thought to himself, wasn’t the only guy in
the universe with a muscle!

  The Ihelian grinned. "We’ll watch for a
chance of some kind, then. But I will not
let you risk your life. We of Ihelos obey the
34

PLANET STORIES

Book, even if our enemy sees fit occasionally
to violate the spirit in which it was con-
ceived.”

     lell me something,” Mason said. "This
feud of yours. What’s it all about? You
mentioned that Book business once before,
and it seems a people with your apparent
piety and maturity and general advancement
would certainly find a way to arbitrate such
a dispute. What are you fighting about?”

   Kriijorl’s answering smile was thin, and
there was a puzzled look in his craggy
features.

  “We fight because the Book of the
Saints says we must!” he answered at length.
"And further than that—”

   “Yes?”

   "Further than that, I'm afraid we do not
know!”

   Mason felt his features twisting into an
incredulous expression despite his efforts to
realize and appreciate the wide gap of cul-
tural differences between them.

   "Don’t know! But you can’t fight a war
without knowing why! You—”

   “It is in the Book of the Saints," the
Ihelian said, “and, therefore, it is our com-
mand. And—** he looked into the Earth-
man’s face with the slightest hint of a
smile, "from what I’ve learned of Earth’s
history from your own lips, Lieutenant,
what of your own past wars? Who among
your own soldiery has really known why he
fought?”

  "Well, but—” And then Mason re-
turned the smile. "No, it isn't so different,
is it? But tell me more about this Book.
Is it based on law, religion, ethics?”

   And this time there was no smile on the
Ihelian’s broad face.

   "Legend says all three," he replied.

  "Legend? And yet you blindly obey—”

   "We always have. Its w'ritings, such as we
understand them to be, have governed us
for millenia, Lieutenant. The Book is our
way, our life. We are told we could not be
a civilization without it."

   Mason was silent for a long moment. He
did not w^ant to question too deeply the
beliefs sacred to another, yet it was so
damnably peculiar. They fought bitterly,
and they did not know why.

  "Could you—would you let me see a
copy of this Book, Kriijorl?"

    "If I could I’d be glad to, Lieutenant.
For I have often wished I could see the
words it contains myself."

   "You’ve never read it?"

    'Never. Nor has any Ihelian or Thrayxite
for thousands of years. There is, you must
understand, only one Book of the Saints.”

    "Just one copy?”

   "Yes. It has long been deemed sacrilege
for mortal eyes to view the ancient writings.
The single copy is kept in a great vault,
built of indestructible metals, and protec-
tively sheathed to last for all Time. The spot
above its burial place is marked by a tall
spire of stone. It is jealously protected."

   "You said that its commands commit you
and Thrayx to eternal battle. But if you
could only read it, you might learn the basic
cause of your conflict—and, knowing, cer-
tainly—"

   "The thought has often occurred to me.
But, there is even more prohibiting such an
impossible undertaking than the powerful
bondage of tradition and belief alone,
Lieutenant. And that is the Book’s very
location.”

   "And that—?”

    "The subterranean vault in which it rests
is guarded in the Forest of Saarl. And the
Forest of Saarl, my friend, is on Thrayx.”

IV

*<TT IS something completely beyond my
i- understanding," the Ihelian was say-
ing. The two men stood, each flanked by two
guards, at the threshold of a great ramp
which led from the main air lock of the
Thrayxite ship to the reddish surface of the
spaceport upon which it had landed but min-
utes before. Mason felt a chill of awed
amazement, not because of the unexpected
beauty of the verdant hills that rolled in a
delicate blend of kaleidoscopic pastels on
every side of the 'port and as far as the eye
could see, nor was it even from the sight of
the exquisite towers that rose as though from
the heart of some fabled fairyland scant
miles to the south.

  "They’re all—all women!” Mason
breathed. "Not a single man!" And he
looked quickly to Kriijorl. "You mean you
did not know this?”

   Know? By the teeth of Jhavuul, we
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

35

never so much as suspected, Lieutenant! We
have not looked upon a Thrayxite face for
five thousand years.”

   The guards spoke to-them tersely in the
common tongue of Ihelos and Thrayx, al-
though peculiarly accented to Ihelian ears,
and Kriijorl gestured with a slight move-
ment of his head to Mason. At a quick
pace they started down the ramp.

  "We’re sunk, kid,” Mason said. And he
saw the heaviness in the great Viking's face.
"We’ll never make it out of here in a mil-
lion years. Even if we made a break for it;
even if we had our hands free, where could

-	we hide? Couldn’t make a move. Two men
among an entire female populace—”

   He let the sentence trail off as he realized
that Kriijorl wasn’t hearing him. And as
their brief view of Thrayx was terminated
by their entrance into a smaller shuttle-ship,
he saw the hint of a smile flicker at the
corners of the Ihelian’s lips.

  Their captors strapped them into ham-
mocks, and when they had gone to assist
others in herding a portion of the Earth-
women aboard the same craft, Kriijorl final-
ly spoke.

  **I think for the moment their probes
may be off us,” he said quickly. "I was
relieved of my own during my unconscious-
ness, so we’re no longer screened. And the
fact that we speak in yoilr tongue does us
little good. But hear me. If we are being
taken where 1 hope we are, then they are
playing into our hands almost as well as
we could have asked. There will be a
limited freedom there, and a chance, if
we are clever enough, to get to a mentacom
installation. A planetary unit of unlimited
range.”

  “But among women?” Mason asked, and
his throat was dry.

  “That is the p®int,” Kriijorl replied
tersely. "We shall be among males almost
exclusively, save for the Earthwomen and
those Thrayxites who periodically will be
sent to breed.”

   “You mean the planetoid that you calked
of before . . . ? But I—”

   “Think a moment! Thrayxite is a matri-
archy, something we of Ihelos never sus-
pected. And therefore we erred further—
what we believed to be a labor planetoid
is not, of course!”

   "Breeders!"

  "Exactly. And if we can make it to one
of their mentacoms, perhaps our problem
will be solved. Except that—M His voice
hesitated, and Mason saw doubt in the sud-
den frown. “I—I have no right to sacrifice
your life nor those of your women. If we
were to get to a mentacom it would be to
contact my people, to inform them of the
planetoid’s true nature, so that we may
even the score for what was done to our
own breeders, and perhaps even form a
plan to take prisoners to replace them. But
such a message would be intercepted, of
course.”

  “Hell, we could dodge 'em lone
enough—”

  "Perhaps we could, Lieutenant. But the
ships I summon will be fighting their way
through a trebled Thrayxite guard—and
once within range of our enemy’s breeder
satellite, they will have little time to seek
us out and effect our rescue. Destruction
will have to be immediate. Now do you
understand?”

  Mason wet his lips. He understood.
Death for the breeders. For the Earth-
women. And for themselves.

  “Nuts!’’ he clipped out. “That means
that as far as you’re going to be concerned,
I’m just another Ihelian private first class
for awhile, not a space-neurotic Earthman!
And our girls . . . well, I think—I think
they’d prefer anything to the living death
in store for them—the rotting away of their
lives in some infested alien jungle. Anyway,
somebody’s got to be judge. So let’s get
this damned thing doped out!”

   The Ihelian began a reply, but the words
were stopped in his throat by die sudden
pressure of acceleration as powerful engines
rambled suddenly to throbbing life and
lifted the Thrayxite craft quickly toward
the eye of a great white sun.

FOR the second time in her life, Judith
Kent watched the warp configurations
of the Large Magellanic Cloud from the
far side of the Rim; somehow' it frightened
her, as though some awful deadliness must
lie within it.

   Helplessly, she carried out Cain s orders,
and as hopelessly, wondered of the fate of
Lance and Kriijorl. Captives, with the
36	PLANET STORIES

Earthwomen, in the Thrayxite ship with
which Cain was so rapidly closing? Or ly-
ing dead somewhere, as she more than half
believed, in the chill wilds of northern
Canada? The odds had been so great. She
knew that to hope without reason was folly,
and yet not to hope was no longer to care.

  She twisted away quickly from Cain’s
muscular arm.

  "What’s eating you, duchess? Your con-
science giving you trouble, or are you just
plain scared?” When she didn’t reply, he
laughed shortly, and gestured toward the
scanner. In it, the slender Thrayxite craft
was growing steadily larger as Cain’s swift
pursuit gradually folded the gap of curved
Space between them. "In a couple of min-
utes, we’ll be ready to talk turkey, sweetheart.
They ought to be aware of us right this
minute. I think they’ll listen to what we
have to offer.”

  "To what you have to offer!”

  He laughed again. ’’It's more than Mason
ever had! You know, sometimes I think
you were torching for that space-happy has-
been!”

  She felt the burn of rising color in her
cheeks and turned quickly away from him.

  "You don't get it yet, do you duchess?”
his heavy voice was saying behind her. "It’s
never occurred to you that there are other
places to be beside with your own flock;
that there are other men among whom to
seek your fortune if the ones you were born
among didn’t offer the opportunities you
expected. What are we among the stars
at all for if it’s not to find our destinies
anywhere we think they might lie? What’s
this Big Freedom for, if not to use to some
kind of advantage? And me, I’m sick of
being a Warrant under worn out space-
neurotics like Mason! And I don’t want to
end up being one, either!”

  Judith held her lips tight against the
thing that surged hotly inside her. There
would have to be a way to stop this man.
And if there weren’t— How the pampered
friends whom jhe’d left so proudly to
choose tliis calling would laugh at her,
would say "that was what the hot headed
'little rebel deserved . . , she bad it coming
if she couldn't act like a lady” And they
were wrong!

  But tlus man was hideously twisting all

the things she had thought were good and
right, worth hoping and striving for. All
the priceless tilings that had stood for
more than the soft, idle and pointlessly
shallow existence to which she'd been born.

  "But I guess you wouldn’t get it,” Cain
was saying. "Born with a silver shovel in
your mouth, you don’t have to worry about
sweating out your pile! Quit any time and
there it all is after your little adventure,
still waiting for you to come home to! May-
be they’ll even want you to write a book!
But me—my father wasn't a lucky g-pros-
pector.”

  A proximity alarm clanged, and Cain
quickly turned his attention to the control
banks. He jacked out the auto control and
took over manually. And- within seconds
the pursuit was hovering over the great
whale-like back of the Thrayxite craft, and
then was drawn slowly to it as its powerful
magnetics reached out, ensnared it. Then
Cain cut the pursuit’s drive, and they both
waited.

  The airlock opened, and the two wTomen
stepped through. There were weapons in
their hands.

  ‘T w-ant to see your commander,” Cain

barked.

  "I am the commander of this comple-
ment,” the taller of the two said in an
almost unaccented English. “You will con-
sider yourselves my captives. Daleb ...”

  "What? Not all women” There was a
curious look on Cain’s face; thoughts were
racing behind the thin blades of his eyes.

  "You are prisoners of the matriarchy of
Thrayx,” the officer called Daleb said. "If
you do not resist, you shall be unharmed.”

   "All right, come off that alien-meets-alien
stuff,” Cain said as though the two briefly-
uniformed women before him held toys
rather than weapons in their hands. “I
■didn’t just tag after you at a billion times
the speed of light to get thrown into one
of your dungeons! I’ve got some informa-
tion I think you can use. And—” tnd the
curious look was again on his face, “—there
are some—shall we say—services, I thick
1 can profitably perform for you."

  “Profitably, Earthman? Profitable bo
whom?”

  ’To both of us. To me—that’s wfay Fm
beie—and to you,”
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

37

  Judith’s face was white. Perhaps this was
some dever trick of Cain’s. She could have
been wrong.

  "Tell me this information you have,
Karthman.”

  "Let's dicker about price, first, Goldy-
locks!” He stood there, confident, defiant,
great muscles bundled beneath the fabric of
his tunic

  "You, Earthman, are hardly in bargain-
ing position!” Only the woman's mouth
moved; her eyes bored straight into Cain’s
like fine diamond drills.

  “Chuck me," Cain said with a grin, "and
you chuck the best chance you’ve ever had
to take your Ihelian friends to the cleaners.
What information I have concerning Ihelian
plans is one thing.” Judith caught her
breath. She knew Cain was lying now. Even
Lance had learned little of the Ihelian
strategy, above Kriijorl’s attempt to enlist
Earthwomen for Ihelian breeding colonies.
It was all, she realized suddenly, a colossal
bluff, from which Cain planned to play his
cards as he went along! And now he had
found a wedge of some sort, some new bar-
gaining point. There was still that curious
look on his face, that careless grin at his
lips. “But what service I can render you,”
he was continuing, "is quite another!
Ladies, how good are your teleprobe gadgets
against an Ihelian screen? A big blank,
aren't they? But I still think you'd give
those cute shirts of yours to find out what's
going on inside the thick skulls of our
Ihelian friends.”

  A puzzled look flickered across die
Thrayxite commander’s face, yet she re-
mained immobile, and her weapon held
steady.

  "First of all, bright eyes,” Cain said
swiftly, "may you be the first to know that
they're all men! All men, get it?” There
was a soft gasp from Daleb, and the com-
mander’s eyes flickered, widened almost
imperceptibly. "And better yet, I'm a pal
of Kriijorl, their commander who picked
us up just inside the Rim that time you
followed us into Earth. So think it over. It
ought to be worth a fancy little pile to you,
ladies, since women agents would be kind
of conspicuous in an all-male civilization!"

  "You expect us to believe this fantasy?
Do you expect us to accept your proposal

on the basis of nothing more than words?
And the technique you describe. It has never
been used, never even considered as a legiti-
mate method of battle!”

  Cain laughed easily. "Then maybe you
better consider it if you want to come out
on top! And as to the rest of it, if I was
part of some counter-plot against you do
you think I'd’ve gone to* the trouble of
bringing along some security?” And Judith
felt something freeze inside her as he threw
a careless glance in her direction. “There
she is—Sergeant Judith Kent. Your hostage
for this little operation! If I misbehave, she
should make a pretty good bargaining point
with Ihelos. From all I gather, they’ve got
Earth sore enough at them as it is!”

   There was an instant's silence, and then
the commander said, "You have not proven
your statement that our enemy is a male
enemy.”

  "What do you think they wanted women
for on Earth after you blasted that planetoid
of theirs? A quilting party or something?
Add it up.”

   The quiet in the small control bubble was
electric. Judith watched the Thrayxites'
faces as they weighed the incredible thing
that Cain had said.

   "I haven’t got all eternity!” Cain snapped.
"You think you can afford not to believe
me?”

  "Very well. Our Book has never men-
tioned this technique of spying, and there-
fore there can be no rule against it. As for
the rest—that could be immaterial. You
could be of value to us. Outline your plan.”
"That’s better, girls. Only take it just a
little slower. We both know what we are,
but let’s baggie for awhile about the price,
shall we?”

V

JUDITH shivered, partly from an uncon-
trollable terror and partly from the pre-
dawn dampness creeping from the thick
jungle surrounding the small dearing which
held one of the breeder planetoid’s many
secluded colonies. The camp and the tangled
growth which bounded it was her prison;
a place in which there was freedom, yet
where none were free. To walk or to run
or to hide—but where? And so it was with
38

PLANET STORIES

the rest—the hard-muscled, obviously drug-
clouded males who had never known any
other world than this; who never questioned
from whence came the periodic groups of
Thrayxite women for them to fertilize; who
only glared dully at her, dimly understand-
ing that she was to be, although captive
here, left to herself and unmolested. Yet
despite her status as hostage and Earth-
woman, she was afraid.

   The brute of a camp leader, Bruhlla . . .
 Not drugged like the rest. There was more
 to his sidelong glances than curiosity and
 vague resentment. Too often, she could
 sense his eyes upon her. And she wondered
 at the increasing frequency of his visits to
 the camp’s well guarded mentacom installa-
 tion.

   She had lost count of night and days
 under the white sun of Thrayx and its
 ringed host. There had been two, perhaps,
 or three. Three days in which Roger Cain
 had been doing what? Was he with Kriijorl
 and Lance posing as their friend, their fel-
 low captive, listening to their plans against
 their Thrayxite captors . . . remembering?
 Or would they be freed, if indeed they still
 lived, in order that Cain could, with them,
 learn even more of Ihelian stratagems on a
 far greater scale?

   And the Earth girls—she had heard the
 cries of some, the desperate curses of others.

   Bruhlla, entitled to use of the mentacom
 for daily contact reports with Thrayx as he
 was, was the only other alien being on the
 planetoid who could converse with her.
 He had lost little time in probing her to
 learn her tongue. And he had already
 hinted at the fate of the women from her
 planet. In other camps on the planetoid,
 held in small isolated groups, unmolested,
 Bruhlla had said. But prisoners, as was she.

  Somehow, the Ihelians would have to
 know.

   For there was no Earth to which to turn
 now.

   The shiver again shook her slender body,
 and her tattered uniform did little to shield
 her from the damp cold.

"Still one apart from the rest of us, are
you?” The growl of Bruhlla’s voice behind
her startled her, and she turned quickly to
facc the loose grimace of derision on his
thick lips.

    "I am to be left to myself,” she said with
  what assurance she could muster. “That is
  your order.”

   HI know my order, little one! No need
  to tell Bruhlla his orders! But perhaps
  you will grow colder; perhaps you will
  grow hungry.”

   "You couldn’t—”

    "I have no order about feeding you, little
 one!”

   Somehow she found the strength to voice
 her defiance. For she could still think. And
 thought, Lance had once told her, was the
 ultimate strength . . .

   "You lie! There was such an order! But
 if you wish to bring the wrath of your
 masters down upon your ugly head.” She
 watched his unkempt face, fanned the sud-
 den puzzlement she saw growing in his red,
 sadistic eyes. If his intelligence were blurred
 enough by the self-made drug of his lust.
 "I myself heard such an order; and if you
 can prove me mistaken you may do with
 me what you will!” God, would he stop to
 realize that she understood not a word of
 the Thrayxite tongue?

   "Quickly proven, my little one! Quickly
 enough proven! And then if what you say
 is untrue.” He left the sentence mercifully
 unfinished, and turned toward the sturdily-
 built cubicle that housed the colony’s men-
 tacom.

    "Wait! I'll only believe your proof if I
 can hear it for myself!”

    "Come along then and you shall hear it!”
 The thick lips slackened into a lascivious
 grin that sickened her, but she hastened to
 follow him. And he did not see her as she
 scooped the jagged stone from the ground,
 thrust it into a tattered tool-pocket of her
 uniform.

    Past the quiescent, sweat reeking bodies
 of the bull-muscled guards, into the dimly
 lit chamber beyond, Bruhlla half walking,
 half shambling before her.

   She watched him as he switched the
 device into life; waited until its dull orange
 glow assured that it was ready for use. So
 much like the communications room of an
 ordinary ship of Earth, she thought. So
 like the familiar things of her life, yet so
 alien.

 He had barely slipped the mentacom’s
 headpiece on his skull and adjusted a
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

39

simply calibrated control dial when she
struck him at the base of his thick neck
with the stone, all the force of her supple
young body behind it.

  Blood spurted as its ragged edges tore
through flesh, bone and nerves, and slowly,
Bruhlla crumpled from the rude chair that
held his dying bulk.

  Thought images as well as words, Kri-
ijorl had explained during their flight so
long ago in the helio. Language would be
no barrier. Over the head, like this . . . and
this switch—

  She twirled the large dial from its setting,
watched a slender thread of light within a
transparent sphere above it fluctuate in
breadth as the dial twisted. And when it
was at its widest, she gambled that it in-
dicated the broadest transmitting beam of
which the mentacom was capable.

  And then she marshalled her thoughts,
carefully chose the simplest words.

  Warning, lbelos! There is an Earthman
among you at work as a spy for Thrayx! I
am a captive.

  Over and over, the same words, the same
thought images which they formed; of Cain,
of this hell-planetoid itself.

  The orange glow pulsated as though it-
self alive with the desperation of her signal.
And she heard the guard barely in time.

  A howl of rage bellowed from him as
she turned, twisted frantically just outside
his grasp, darted headlong through the
door.

  And she was quicker than those outside;
she was beyond them, running, the breath
sobbing in her throat.

  Away from the blood-soaked thing she'd
ieft crumpled in death behind her, and to-
ward the jungle’s edge. Toward some new
horror, perhaps, and toward a freedom that
would be short-lived at best. For she had
killed Bruhlla, and she knew they would not
stop now until she had been run to earth.

THE three men watched as the six ships
landed in the jungle clearing; emptied
of the selected Thrayxite women who would
in little more than a day's time re-enter
diem, the breeders' seed within their bodies,
foe the journey bade to die mother planet.

  It had been the same the day before, and
the day before diat, and in the distance, they

had watched similar craft descend toward
other of the many colonies with which the
lush planetoid was dotted.

  "Nuts!” Cain said. He turned to Mason.
"What the hell else is there to do? Sit here
and rot? They won't kill us. They’ll just let
Nature take its course—”

  "There’s more to be done than simply
make a run for it to one of dieir ships-,"
Mason snapped. "The mentacoms on them,
Kriijorl’s said a dozen times, haven’t the
necessary range.”

  "So what’s your plan? Or don’t I get to
hear any of the details?”

  Mason studied the big man’s face. Cap-
tured in his attempt to rescue the Earth-
women, he had said. His explanation had
been that simple. New-UN hadn’t believed
Judith, but she had convinced him, and
so he’d tried on his own responsibility, and
simply hadn’t made it. And then they’d
brought him here, scarcely hours after
Mason and Kriijorl had themselves beea
delivered to the teaming colony.

  Logical enough, yes. Cain was the kind
who would try such a crazy stunt, alone,
with such supreme overconfidence in his
own muscle power. Yet—

  "We must not be impatient,” Kriijorl
interrupted his thought. He stood up, his
blond head nearly touching the top of the
plastifabric tent. "We must be certain and
wait for the best time, Mister Cain. For if
we fail in our first attempt, there will not
be a second. And it has only been three
days. As yet, we have been left quite to our-
selves; even my life has not been threat-
ened.”

  Mason noticed the puzzled frown that
was 'across the Ihelian’s forehead. "Do you
think—”

  I cannot even guess the reason for
that,” Kriijorl murmured, as though more
to himself than in answer to Mason’s ques-
tion. "By all the rules of our conflict, I
should be stretched naked for the jungle
beasts by now.”

  "Forget it!” Cain broke in quickly.
"You’re alive now, and if we can have a
little action around here maybe you'll stay
that way. We've watched long enough. They
don’t guard those ships at all. These breed-
ers they keep drugged to the eyes, so why
should diey? I say we just grab one and
40

PLANET STORIES

blast off! Unless somebody’s got a better
plan, and I still haven’t heard one—"
‘'Awfully anxious, aren’t you, Mister
Cain?” Mason asked.

   "I’m not afraid of ’em if that's what you
mean!”

  Lance turned to Kriijorl. "Maybe he's
right. We’ve watched for three days. What
do you think?”

   The Ihelian looked out across the colony
of low, square-shaped enclosures and to its
far side where the twisted jungle began;
to the spot where the mentacom was housed
in a squat, guarded dome of crudely-shaped
steel. Then he turned back to die Earthman,
and Mason saw the uncertainty in his eyes.

  "We have gained far less than I had
hoped by watching,” he said slowly. “We
have learned the number of their guards,
and the period of their changc, but perhaps
that is all we shall learn. If you think that
as soon as there is darkness—”

  "About time!” Cain said sourly. "And
it'll be straight for the—”

  "To the mentacom first,” Mason said
quietly. "And after that, to the ships if we
can, Mister Cain.” He felt strangely calm
as his eyes met Cain’s squarely. Somewhere
within him, there was something changing.
"Take it from an ex-has-been, big man!
That’s how it’s going to be!”

THE camp was dark and silent as the
three men left the tent. They walked as
if from boredom, changing direction often
as though at random; yet they moved with
a deceiving swiftness, and each step brought
them closer to the crude dome. The sound
of their movements was as a whisper that
lost itself with the quiet murmur of the
night wind through the web of the jungle,
and when they were close enough, they
halted, to wait; to watch.

  There was the soft clink of metal on
meial and the mutter of dead-toned voices
as the guard changed. Four hulking shapes
walked at last in a tired shamble from the
structure housing the mentacom. Four others
prepared to take their posts.

   And there was little to disturb the silence
after that.

   A muffled grunt, a choked off curse lost
in a brief rustle of undergrowth as though
a sudden breeze had momentarily ruffled its

languid calm. And that was all.

  Four breeders lay dead outside the dome.

  Mason felt the warm stickiness of blood
on his face, and the sting of a deep cut some-
where upon it. He saw that Cain was
straightening over a mangled form; that
Kriijorl had overcome odds of two to one.
The breeder at his own feet had died swiftly
of a deftly broken neck, a reddened dirk
still clutched in his stiffening fingers.

  Then they were inside the dome, and
Kriijorl was placing the head-unit of the
mentacom over his matted yellow hair.

  Mason watched in the half-light of the
pulsing orange glow, listened to the heavi-
ness of Cain’s breathing.

  And he saw Kriijorl’s face stiffen sud-
denly. With a swift movement the Ihelian
had handed him the head-unit, and with
slipper}7 fingers he fumbled the device into
place over his own head.

  Before he could think he had given Cain
all the warning that he had needed.

  “My God, it’s Judith! Somehow she’s—”

  Kriijorl lunged too late. The man whom
Judith’s mentacom message had branded as
a spy was already through the dome's door,
running.

  Mason moved more quickly than the
Ihelian then. Ahead in the jungle there was
a crashing sound, and Mason tripped sud-
denly himself as he ran, fell. Kriijorl leapt
past him in the darkness, as though he could
somehow see through it, and then Mason
had regained his feet and was following
blindly.

  And suddenly he thought of the empty
ships behind them, and Cain’s abrupt use-
iessnc-ss to his Thrayxite employers. Then—

  But the gamble was too great. Cain might
not double back, but instead plunge head-
long further and further into the conceal-
ing morass before him. No, Cain would not
double back. Not now. For in Kriijorl he
had met an even match, and now he was
afraid!

  Fully an hour had passed when, his tunic
torn and the exposed flesh bleeding, Mason
caught up with Kriijorl.

  “He was nearly within my hands for a
moment—” the giant whispered feoarsely.
He breathed with difficulty, and there were
long slashes gleaming redly in the darkness
across his great muscles.
THE WOMAN-STEALERS OF THRAYX

41

  Mason stood silently for moments, toy-
ing with a thought that nagged insistently
at the edge of his brain. He knew Cain.
He knew the man.

  Then suddenly his thoughts were inter-
rupted by the muffled sound of a rocket
blast, and within moments there was a
vertical trail of fire above them as a Thrayx-
ite ship hurtled skyward.

  "By Jhavuul—”

  "No!” Mason exclaimed. "The blast was
from in front of us, he didn’t double back!
Must be another colony near our own, and
he stumbled out of this overgrown mess
and right into it. There was simply an
empty ship—”

  "Then the traitor has won!” Kriijorl’s
face was tilted upward, and in the faint
glow of the planetesimal belt that girdled
Thrayx, it seemed more than ever that of
an heroic Viking king of ages gone.

  "There’s a chance he hasn’t!” Mason
breathed. He had the thought now, pinned
down, clear in his head. "If there has been
no alarm back at our own camp we may still
have the mentacom to ourselves. We’ll
signal Ihelos as you planned and then—
then there is something else you will say.
Something else that I think will, as the
saying goes on Earth, kill two birds with a
single blast.”

  Mason had lost track of time; perhaps
it was as many as two hours before they had
fought their way through the clutching
undergrowth back to the mentacom at the
fringe of their own camp. Several times
they had had to stop, for there had been
sounds in the jungle other than those they
had made themselves. Animals, Kriijorl
had said, who had got the scent of their
blood. But the noises had not been fast and
crashing—more those of stealth, as were
those of their own steps. A single animal,
perhaps, with the scent of their blood; or
that of the breeder guard they had slain.
And stalking.

   The dome was still silent, and the stiff
corpses outside it lay undisturbed in the
thick undergrowth. In the clearing the six
empty Thrayxite ships towered in the sleep-
ing quiet, star-shine glinting faintly from
their polished hulls.

  Wordlessly, they entered the dome, and
it was as they had left it.

  Kriijorl again adjusted the headset, and
the orange glow pulsed and waned as
Mason watched.

   And then at length, "If they are to know,
they know now,” Kriijorl said. "And the
Thrayxite host as well. What was there you
wished to add, Lieutenant?”

  Mason spoke quickly. "Say that you have
discovered that the priceless—and you must
say priceless—Book of the Saints is in the
Forest of Saarl on Thrayx. Say that we have
discovered it to be less well protected than
is generally believed. Then give the loca-
tion of the subterranean vault as precisely
as you can!”

  "But my people are well aware—”

  "I realize that, but our friend Cain
doesn’t!”

   The Ihelian’s face was still puzzled, but
he projected the thought-message Mason
had dictated.

  And then in seconds the Ihelian had
hastily but thoroughly wrecked the mcn-
tacom, and the two men left its silent dome
for the empty ships that beckoned so tan-
talizingly a scant quarter-mile distant.

  They had run perhaps a dozen steps
when the undergrowth behind them ripped
and tore, and Mason spun.

  There was a muffled cry, and he had
barely time to catch Judith’s bleeding body
as she fell in exhaustion into his arms.

VI

THE muscles in his arms and legs trem-
bled with fatigue as he lifted the semi-
conscious girl up to Kriijorl, and then
with what seemed an impossible effort,
hauled himself through the deserted ship's
stern airlock.

  The Ihelian seemed to carry Judith as
though she were a feather as he climbcd
the narrow ladder above Mason, infinitely
upward, the Earthman thought ... an in-
finite distance to the ship’s forehull, to its
control banks.

  There was only the sound of his own
hoarse breathing in his ears as he climbed,
rang after rung, and the hollow echo of
Kriijorls boots as they mounted resolutely
above him.

  Then they had made it, and were strap-
ping Judith into a hammock, were taking
IS

PLANET STORIES

  tiieir own shock-seats before the control*
  banks of the Thrayxite shuttle-craft.

    The Ihelian did not hesitate.. His fingers
  deliberated for only a moment above the
  firing studs in the blue-green glow of the
  banks, and then they flicked home, and
  engines muttered, roared into terrifying life.

    Within moments, saying nothing, moving
  the swift, silent movements of desperation,
  they had freed themselves of the grasping
  snaxc qf the jungle beneath them; were
  once more strong, liberated things in the
  vast freedom of Space.

    "And now IheJos!” Kriijorl cried as they
  broke swiftly from the ecliptic of the great
  spangled ring of Thrayx. "If we can but
  escape their fleet. Any moment they should
  be on the scanner, forming to meet the
  onslaught of Ihelian squadrons—”

    "No! ’ Mason said, and his voice was like
  s solid tiling clogging his throat. "No, not
  Ihelos—not yet!” His eyes burned, and the
  eed welts that covered his body had begun
  " 6o sting, to pain, and it was hard to think.
  He saw the frown forming on Kriijorl's
  face.

    "Thrayx, and the Forest of Saarl," he
 bit from between teeth clenched against the
 creeping agony in him. "The Book of the
 Saints, Kriijorl. It is the key, don't you see.
 Key to all this, your feud.”

    For an instant the Ihelian said nothing,
  bo* groped in hidden pockets of his battered
  space harness. His long fingers quickly pro-
  duced a tablet, thrust it into Mason's hand.
  The Earthman swallowed it and almost at
  once energy coursed as though from some
  hidden well in his body through his flag-
  ging muscles and nerves.

    Then Kriijorl spoke. "I do not under-
 stand, lieutenant. I know only that it would
 be almost certain death. Intrusion near the
 vault would bring a flight of guard ships
 within minutes.”

    "I know that,” Mason said. "But perhaps
  not down upon us! And we must have that
  Book. I’ve been thinking about it, compar-
  ing it with similar writings in Earth’s own
  past. Such books are not new, such motives,
  such methods. Your Book is priceless in a
  way that even you don’t know, Kriijorl.
  I'm certain of it. For it must contain the
  reason that you fight.”

    "And that reason?”

  "A reason, if I’m right, that would end
your feud once and for all. A nasty bit of
logic which the people of Ihelos and Thrayx
were quite deliberately kept from knowing
from the beginning. I’d make book on it
that at one time both planets were very-
hungry places—”

  "But if you are wrong, Lieutenant?”
Mason fastened his gaze straight before
him on the diamond-studded scanner, and
saw that some of the smaller diamonds
were moving in a tiny echelon.

  "Then I guess we die young,” he an-
swered the Ihelian. "Want to try?”

  The Ihelian’s face loosened into a wry
smile. "Sometimes you ask rather foolish
questions, Lieutenant! I’ve been bred to such
business, and not given my life so much
thought before this! But—”

  "Yes. Judith.”

  And then they heard a woman’s voice
speaking behind them. "Thrayxite accelera-
tion hammocks could stand improvement,”
it said. "And when we leave the Forest of
Saarl, I think I’ll just lie on the deck
instead.”

T^/’RIIJORL’S knowledge of the spot’s
X\. location in the great forest was far
more accurate than he had given Mason rea-
son to hope. And with a deftness that
matched that with which he had eluded the
screens of the Thrayxite fleet hurtling to
protect its breeder planetoid, he brought
the ship to rest at Mason’s direction, little
more than a quarter-mile from where the
Book of the Saints lay entombed.

  It was marked by two spires. One was of
hewn stone, as Kriijorl had said, immobile,
with ancient symbols carven from its base
to its pinnacle.

  And the other was smooth, and of metal;
its gaping airlock testimony to the haste
with which it had been landed, unhidden
by the natural camouflage of the soaring
trees with which the grass-carpeted clearing
wa.s surrounded.

 "Who—”

  "Muscles/5 Mason answered her. The
three were crouched at the clearing’s edge,
waiting. "Thought he'd made it some way.
Must’ve ducked in before their fleet got into
Space. Gambling that our signal that he
picked up wouldn’t bring out a special re
THE WOMAN STE

  ception committee ready and waiting to
  meet him.”	6

    But he has preceded us by many min-
  utes,” Kriijorl said. "I do not see—”

    "Not so many. He was in flight two full
  hours before you mentacommed Ihelos.
  And if I know him, it was straight out of
  this galaxy at full blast! So he had to
  back-track all that time and distance. He
  had to risk a trap down here, as well as
  the Thrayxite fleet which he knew would
  be rushing to protect its breeders.”

   'You had counted on those factors,
 Lieutenant?”

    "Two birds with one blast, like I told
 you^before,” Mason said. "Ask Judith, here.
 She’ll tell you how well I know him.” The
 girl was silent, but her eyes voiced her
 thoughts more eloquently than her tongue
 might have.

   ‘Some will do anything to obtain the
 ’priceless’—” Kriijorl said softly.

    "Cain, any time!”

 "You have laid a clever trap, Lieutenant.”
 "If it springs, sure. But where are those
 guard ships you were so worried about? I
 was counting on them, too. They should be
 all over the place by now.”

   And he was interrupted by the high
 pitched scream of the flat, finned shapes
 that hurtled suddenly over the tree tops,
 circled, slid quickly downward.

   "FLAT!” Mason yelled. And as they
 stretched prone, they saw Cain running
 toward the ship from a great open shaft
 in the ground, a round, shiny thing beneath
 one arm.

   A probing needle of white hot flame
 stabbed out from one of the descending
 ships, and there was a scream, and then
 Cain fell, a charred skeleton, to the ground.
 The shiny thing he had carried rolled lazily
 along the grass, teetered on edge, plopped
 silently over.

  Mason was poised like a runner awaiting
 the starting gun. For a split second he hesi-
 tated as the guard ships touched down,
 their weapons momentarily screened by the
 lush foliage at the clearing's edge.

  And then Mason was running, Judith
 and Kriijorl only steps behind him.

  There were perhaps seconds before the
 armed women of the Thrayxite guard detail
 would break from the forest’s edge.

ILERS OF THRAYX	43

    He stumbled, fell, and his outstretched
 hands touched the round, shiny thins, and
 he could smell the reek of Cain’s smoulder-
 ing skeleton.

    Kriijorl and Judith hesitated.

       Damn it, run!” and he felt his scream
 tear at his dry throat, and then clutched
 the metal disk to him and regained his
 feet in a single whip-like motion, and
 bolted after them toward the gaping air
 lock of the ship that Cain had never
 reached.

   There was a hissing sound and a wave
 of heat crackled behind him, seared his
 flesh beneath his tattered tunic. And there
 was another, inches before him, scorching
 smoking scars in the soft green turf, and
 shouted orders filled the air scant yards
 behind him.

   Then somehow he was at the air lock,
 and strong hands were pulling him over
 its edge, and it swung to, glowed red as a
 bolt of raw energy spent itself harmlessly
 against it.

   "Now Ihelos!” Mason said as he fought
 for new breath.

 TI WAS white, all white around him.

       He tried to sit up but there was the
 touch of gentle hands that stayed him, low-
 ered him back upon the bed.

   There were two of them—tall, like
 Vikings, and memory returned ^owly.
 There was a smaller one, too, standing
 straight and erect beside him, like a proud
 queen from-^Te pages of Earth’s colorful
 history.

   Judith. And Kriijorl. And another. And
 in his hands there was the silver disk. The
 can.

   The can of records. The Book of the
 Saints.

    He. tried again to straighten, and then
 heard the voice of the one whom he did
 not know.

    "I am Yhevvak, Grand Liege of Ihelos,’*
 the voice said. "And I hold in my hands,
 Earthman, the Book of the Saints. I have
 read it, and I have broadcast to all of
 Thrayx what I have read. A truce delega-
 tion has already departed from that planet
 to meet us here in Space.”

 "But—” the word stuck in his throat,
 and it was hard to think.
44

PLANET STORIES

  "Commander Kriijorl said that you sus-
pected it was the key to our great trouble.
You were right.

  'Tor it tells of a conference among the
leaders of our two worlds many millenia
ago; a conference held in secret, because of
the nature of its subject—the very people
of our worlds themselves. Secret, because
of the decision concerning them and their
staggering number. Too staggering for
either planet any longer to feed. And the
record itself was then committed to this
single microtape, and itself, kept in secrecy
since the day it was recorded.

  "At first shrouded in deliberate mysti-
cism, it was at length remembered only as
the Last Word of the Saints in the sudden
wars which so quickly followed its creation,
the true cause of which was skillfully falsi-
fied to the people of the time, and truly
known only to those who made the micro-
tape I hold here.

  "They were our greatest leaders; in them
was invested the responsibility for the wel-
fare and livelihood of our two planets, both
materially and spiritually.

  ’:When they lived, those records say,
travel in Space beyond the speed of light
had not been accomplished; they believed
such a feat an impossibility imposed by a
condescending Nature that could be chal-
lenged too far. And they therefore knew
no way of reaching beyond the planets of
Ihelos and Thrayx for the food and re-
sources that became so sorely depleted as
both pianets became, at length, stripped
nearly bare as their populations swelled
beyond saturation point.

  '’Medical science had permitted the old
to grow older; granted the new-born an al-
most certain purchase on life once first
breath had been drawn. Yet its greatest
offering was rejected by the people: there
were indignant cries at the merest sugges-
tion that they intelligently regulate their
number, so that their posterity might live
in greater plenty than had they.

  "There was but one solution for our
desperate leaders. For although warfare had
long since vanished from our civilizatibn
as it had matured, it took with it Nature’s

own unpleasant balance for her overgener-
ous fecundity.

  "The new balance, then, had to be of
Man’s making. And so it was made.

  "Our leaders, our Saints, as we have come
through the years to know them, were of
course adept masters at the many subtle arts
of propaganda, and they used those arts
to the very limits of their skill. They
deliberately fomented, as their ancient record
shows, the wars, small at first and then
ever larger, between Ihelos and Thrayx.

  "They could not have foreseen that one
day there would be conflict for existence
between the sexes; logically calculating in-
tellect against intuitive, wily cunning in a
battle to determine the most fit, who would
then enjoy die right to survive.

  "Nor could they have foreseen that one
day, because of the very conflict they
fomented, the science of controlled genetics
would at last be recognized as a necessity
of survival to both factions.

  "Today we have our answer to the age
old problem of keeping our consumption
within the limits of our ability to produce
for it; we have used it to survive. But to
survive war, not peace.

  "And that, as you apparently suspected,
Earthman, is the key.

  "We know now why we fought. And
with the knowledge of the life forces with
which we insured our continued existence
during our years of battle, we may now be-
come united worlds of peace again. For we
shall use that knowledge to take more ad-
visedly of Nature's fruits than we took
before.

  "Well done, Earthmen. And with our
thanks, know that we shall be always in
your debt.”

  Then Yhevvak bowed low, and left just
the three of them together in the white
hospital bay of his flagship.

  Kriijorl was smiling, and there was a
shininess in Judith’s eyes.

  Mason grinned. "I hope those Thrayxite
babes get a wiggle on,” he said. "Those
Earth gals gotta get ’em home! Their
mothers’ll be frantic. Hey, girl, not in front
of company!”
GEORGE

LOVES

GISTLA

By JAMES McKIMMEY, Jr.

‘'W/i/ don't you find yourself seme
nice little American girl,” his father
had often repeated. But George was
on Venus . . . and he loved pale
green skin . . . and globular heads
and most of all, George
loved Gistla.

EGRGE KENINGTON was sixteen,
and, as he told himself, someone
who was sixteen knew more about
love than someone who was, say, forty-two.
Like his father, for instance. A whole lot
more probably. When you were forty-two,
you got narrow-minded and nervous and
angry. You said this is this, and that is that,
and there is nothing else. When someone
thought and felt and talked that way,
George thought bitterly, there was not
enough room inside that person to know
what it was like, loving a Venusian.

But George knew. He knew very well.
Her name was Gistla. She was not pretty
in standards of American colonists. She had
the pale greenish Venusian skin, and she
was too short and rather thick. Her face, of
course, was not an American face. It was
the face of native Venus. Round and
smooth, with the large lidless eyes. There
were no visible ears and a lack of hair
strengthened the globular look of her head.

But she was a person. The beauty was
inside of her. Did you have to point to a
girl’s face and say, "Here is v/here the nose
should be, here is where the ears should
be?" Did you have to measure the width be-
fcween eyes and test the color of the skin?

45
46

PLANET STORIES

Did you have to check the size of the teeth
and the existence of hair? Was all of this
necessary to understand what was inside
someone?

  George snapped a leaf from an overhang-
ing vine and threw it angrily to the ground.
He was walking along a thin path that led
from the colony to the tangled hills beyond,
where hues of red and yellow and purple
reflected like bold sweeps of watercolor. In
a moment he would see Gistla, and with the
color before his eyes and the sweet perfume
of the flowers in his lungs, he felt again the
familiar rise of excitement.

  George had not always lived on Venus.
The Colony was very new. By 2022, most
of the Earth countries had sent colonizers to
Mars. But as yet, in June of that year, Venus
had been touched by only the sparsest in-
vasion of American civilization. George had
arrived-just three years ago, when his father
had been appointed Secretary of the coloniz-
ing unit.

  And tliat was the whole trouble, really.
Father was the Secretary, Mother was the
Secretary’s wife, Sister was the daughter of
the Secretary. Everybody was wrapped up
in it. Except George.

  George loved Gistla.

  "Why don’t you find yourself some nice
little American girl?” his father had said.
"Say like Henry Parrel’s little daughter?"

  Henry Farrel’s little daughter was a sweet
sickening girl with a nasty temper and a
nasty tongue. Her father was Governor of
the Colony. She told you about it all the
time.

  "Or," his father had told him, “why not
little what’s-her-name, Doug Brentwood’s
daughter?”

  Little what’s-her-name’s father was the
President of the Council. "My father is
President of the Council/’ she said. Over
and over, as though in a settlement the size
of the Colony, there would be anyone who
wouldn’t know her father was the Presi-
dent of the Council.

  It was all a very tight and careful circle,
chosen on Earth with a great deal of
''common sense.”

  There were the ordinary settlers, of
course. They had daughters. Some of them
were very pretty and long-limbed. And
George had thought about that.

  Certainly there wasn’t a decent looking
girl in the whole Governing circle, and the
sight of a girl with flashing eyes and a nice
red mouth, who was shaped a little like
something besides a tree stump, was indeed
an exciting sight.

   But there were limitations to the settler
girls.

  They had no background to speak of, and
though that didn’t make any difference,
George assured himself, they knew nothing
about art, music, poetry, or anything really
worth while. And, too, while George’s
father had said, "Now George, we’re all
one here. Each of us is as good as another.
Joe Finch, who cares for the flowers out-
side, is every bit as good a man as I am”—
still George knew, if he told his parents
he was going to marry Joe Finch’s daughter
someday, there would be hell to pay.

  So as long as the restrictions had been
bound around him, there was no reason
to go just half-way. George was not an
ordinary boy. He did things in extreme.
He was now in love with a Venusian girl,
and his family was already starting to make
him pay.

GEORGE turned off the path, just beyond
an arch of thick purple-green vines
that always reminded him of a gate to a
garden. There was a quiet simplicity to this
small clearing where he and Gistla met.
There was an aloneness to it, and only the
sound of the flat shiny leaves sliding to-
gether and the high, trilling sound of the
small Venusian birds broke the peaceful
silence. They had always met here, nowhere
else.

  Now, as George found himself in the
clearing, he began to wonder what Gistla
would say or do when he told her he was
taking her home to meet his family. It had
been a sudden decision, brought out of
anger and indignation.

  George sat down upon the fiat hollow' of
a large vine. The sky was murky as usual,
but the soft warm feel and smell of the
growth around him, with its color and
brightness, made up for a sunless sky.

  As he waited, he remembered what his
mother had said:

  Oh, George, you’re really not serious
about bringing a Venusian into our home!”
GEORGE LOVES G1STLA

aister,	„,y

God!" Mari, who was eighteen, said this
to most anything.

   But his father, eyes bright and alert, had
 said, “No, now if George wants to bring
 one of these, ah, Venusians home with him,
 that’s his privilege. I think it would be very
 interesting."

   George knew what his father meant by
interesting.

   Exposing Gistla to his family would result
 in deliberate sarcasm and-eye-squinting and
 barely hidden smiles. There would be
 pointed remarks and direct insults. And
 when it was over, George knew, he would
 be expected to see the error of his ways.
 He would then be expected to forget about
 this odd creature and find himself a nice
 ignorant little Colony girl, whose father
 was a member of the Governing circle.

And to hell with that, too, George said.

   "What?’' George heard Gistla say. He
turned quickly. She was standing at the
edge of the clearing, her round green eyes
looking soft and serious. She w'ore the usual
gray cape that reached her ankles. Her
voice was a deep round sound, and there
was hardly any accent in the words she
had learned so quickly since the Colony-
had begun.

   "Talking to myself,” George grinned.
The old excitement w'as inside of him.
There was a kind of exotic quality in meet-
ing Gistla that never disappeared.

   She crossed the clearing, not too grace-
 fully, and touched her fingers against his
 hand. This had been the extent of their
 physical expression of love.

   “It is nice to see you, George.”

   He noticed his feeling of pleasure w’hen
 he heard her speak his name. There was
 something about his ow'n name being spoken
 by Gistla that had always seemed even more
 strange than anything else.

   She sat down beside him, and they looked
 at each other w'hile the leaves w'hispered
 around them and the birds fluttered and
 chirped. He discovered again the feeling of
 rightness, sitting beside Gistla. There was a
 solidity about her, a quiet maturity that he
 seemed able to feel in himself only when
 he was with her. And that too was strange,
 because in American terms of age, she was
 much younger than he.

    Sitting, as they were doing, silent, watch-
 ing each other, had been most of their
 activity. You did not need to entertain
 Gistla with foolish small-talk or exaggerated
 praising.

   But right now he w-antcd to tell her
quickly, to make sure that she w^ouid fed
the^ enthusiasm he had felt.

   Listen, Gistla,” lie said, while she
 watched him with her soft-looking round
 eyes. “I want you to come with me today
 to meet my family.”

   His words seemed to have an odd ring
to them, and George waited tensely until
he was sure that she was not shocked or
angry about what he had just said.

 ^ She sat silently for a moment and then
 she said, “Do you diink that is right for
 me to do, George?”

   "Sure it is! Why not? They know about
 you and me. They know w'e’re in love.”
 Love—’ jShe spoke the word as though
 it were an indefinite, elusive thing that you
 could not offer as reason for doing any-
 thing.

   Gistla was very wise, George realized,
 but this was a time for endiusiasm, a rime
 to strengthen their own relationship in this
 world.

    ”Say you will!” George said.

   “Do you want me to?”

 Well, sure I do. What did you think?”
 She held her hands in her lap quietly.
 They were not unlike his ow’n, George
 observed, except for the extreme smallness
 and the color.

   I do not diink it will be nice for rm
 or diem,” she said.

    “Ah, listen, Gistla. Don’t talk that way.
 li‘il be fine!” But he knew that he was
 not deceiving her with die lightness he tried
 to put into his voice.

   Then, although she had never done it
before, she reached out and touched his
check. George had grow-n used to the emo-
tions that reflected on her face, and he knew
she was suddenly very sad. "Yes, George,”
she said. *’I will go with you to meet your
famjly.” And she said it as though she were
telling him good-by.

IT WAS no better than he had expected.

 It was worse. Much worse. And he was
 growing angrier by die moment. They were
43

PLANET STORIES

 all seated in the rock-walled patio behind
 the large white house. Gistla sat beside him,
 looking very small and frightened and very
 different. And it was that obvious difference
 that George had hoped everyone might
 ignore. But instead, each of them, his father,
 his mother, his sister, appeared to be trying
 to make it even more obvious.

  The first strain, when everyone had sat
there staring at Gistla as though she were
something behind a cage, had passed. But
now his parents and sister were moving in
a new direction. They had relaxed, having
found control of the situation, and they
were cutting her to pieces.

   'Tell me,” his sister was saying, her eyes
dancing slyly, "don’t you people have some
very strange tricks you can do?'

George tightened his fingers against his
palms. He heard Gistla answer, ' Tricks?”
"Yes.” His, sister’s white smile shined.
"You know, like making things disappear,
things like that.”

   "My’father,” Gistla said seriously, “can
do very wonderful things. He is a musi-
cian.”

  George’s father leaned forward, blinking
amusedly. "Really? What does he play?”
"Play?” asked Gistla.

  "Yes. He’s a musician. He must play
something, some kind of instrument."

  Gistla looked at George, but George did
not know what to say. He wished he had
never tried to do this. He wished he had
just ignored his family and gone on loving
Gistla in the privacy of his own emotions.

  "Well, now,” Mr. Kenington was saying
rather impatiently. "Does he play something
like our violin or clarinet or oboe, or what?”
His father, George had noticed, was becom-
ing impatient more frequently since he had
become Secretary. The Secretarial post was
very important.

   "He does not play anything,” Gistla said
carefully. "He just . . . makes the music
and I hear it.”

  "But how?” Mr. Kenington insisted.
" What does he play the music on? He cer-
tainly can’t make the music without using
something to make it on.”

  Gistla glanced again at George and he
said quickly, “Il's pretty hard to understand,
Father. I don’t think—”

  ”No, now don’t interrupt just now, soo.

This is very interesting. We’d like to know
what she’s talking about.”

  Mrs. Kenington spoke for the first time.
"Are you just making this up?”

  It was like a whip coming through the
air. His mother sat there, blinking, the sus-
picion and distrust she felt-for this creature
showing in her eyes and upon her mouth
and'even in the way she was sitting.

  "Now, Lois,” Mr. Kenington said, as
though he really sympathized with what
she had said, believing that not only Gistla
was making it up, but that all of her race
made everything up. But he was stubborn.
"Come now, tell us. Tell us what you
mean.”

   Gistla’s smooth head turned this way and
that. "Sometimes,” she said slowly, “my
father journeys to other places, and if he
cannot return soon, he sends me music.
When the light has gone from the day and
I am alone, I hear it.”

  "You mean he sends it by wires or by
radio?” Mr. Kenington asked with surprise.

  "No.”

  "Now, wait a minute,” George’s sister
leaned forward, smiling. “You just hear
this music, is that right? Up here.” She
tapped her forehead.

   "Yes,” said Gistla.

  "My God,” George’s sister said. She
looked at her parents, arching her eyebrows.

  "You shouldn’t make things up,”
George’s mother said.

   "Mother,” George said, his face coloring.
“She’s not making things up!”

  "Just a moment, son,” Mr. Kenington
said crisply. “You don’t want to talk to
your mother in that tone.”

  "No, but my God,” George’s sister went
on. "Imagine. No wires, no loudspeakers,
just ... up here.” She tapped her forehead
again.

  "I’m not talking to my mother in any
tone at all,” George said, disregarding his
sister.

  "Well, she shouldn’t lie,” said Mrs.
Kenington with conviction.

  George stood up. "She is not lying,
Mother.”

  "I forbid you to argue with your mother
that way, George,” said Mr. Kenington.

  "I mean, my God,” said George’s sister
happily. "This is an innovation! Can you
GEORGE LOVES GISTLA

49

imagine? Gistla, or whatever your name is,
could your father make his music sometime
when we have a dance?”

Gistla’s eyes were hurt and she was,
George knew, confused. She shook her head.

Mrs. Kenington was blinking accusingly.
"Do they teach you to make these things
up? Is that what they teach you at home?”
"Mother, will you please?” George said.
“Why must you talk to her that way?”

  Mr. Kenington stood up quickly. "I did
not raise my son to show an attitude like
that to his mother.”

  "But she isn’t making this up,” George
said. "You asked her to tell you and she—”
George’s sister had jumped out of her
chair and she was waltzing over the patio.
She began humming as she danced. "Can’t
you just see it? Everyone dancing around,
listening to music in their heads? No or-
chestra or records or anything?”

  Mr. Kenington stood very tall. "Are you
taking the word of your mother, or this . . .
this ...” He motioned curtly at Gistla.

  George licked his lips, looking defensive-
ly at each one of his family. "It isn’t a
matter of taking anyone’s word at all. It’s
just something we don’t understand.”
George’s sister whirled and then suddenly
she stopped, putting her hand against her
mouth. "My God, what if everyone got the
music different? I mean, does everyone hear
the same music, dear? Because if they didn’t,
what a mess!” She began dancing again, her
skirt swirling over the bricks of the patio.

  Mr. Kenington’s voice was louder. "I
think we understand, all right, George.
There isn’t anything about this we don’t
understand!”

  George’s lips were paling.

  His sister dipped and turned. “We could
call it a Music In The Head dance. Every-
body brings his own head!” She laughed
merrily. "My God!”

  George noticed then that Gistla was dis-
appearing out of the rear gate. He stood,
clenching his fists and glaring at his family.
His sister had stopped dancing but she
was still laughing.

  “I didn’t think, George,” his mother
said resolutely, "that you were going to
invite someone who lied.”

  George turned and ran after Gistla.

A—Planet—January

THEY sat again in the clearing. George
could still feel the anger churning in-
side him, and he held his hands together
so tightly that his fingers began to ache.
"I hate them for that,” he said.

  Gistla touched his arm. "No, George. It
is all right. It is the way things are.”

  'But they don’t need to be! My family
did that on purpose.”

  "They just don’t understand. My race is
very different from yours and it seems
strange.”

  "So does mine,” George said, standing
and beginning to pace back and forth.

  It had been what he really had expected.
But still he had hoped, somehow, that his
family might have understood. He looked
at Gistla, sitting quietly, her large eyes
watching him. He knew he loved her very
much just then, more in fact than he ever
had before, because she had been refused
by his family.

  "Listen, Gistla,” he said, kneeling on the
grass in front of her. "It won’t make any
difference what anyone thinks or does or
says. I love you, and I’ll go on loving you.
We’ll build our own life the way we want
it.”

  She shook her head slowly. "No, George.
It does make a difference. You cannot forget
your family or your people. That is impor-
tant to you. I would only hurt you.”

  "Do you love me?”

  "Yes.”

  "Then that’s all that’s important to me.
Not what anyone thinks. Not what my
sister thinks or my father ©r my mother.”
"We are different, you and I.” She sat
unmoving, her smooth .face unchanging.
"My people seem strange t© yours because
we can do things your people do not under-
stand. We seem strange because we look
differently, we act differently, we value
things differently.”

  "My values are the same as yours,”
George pleaded. "I love you because of
what you are, not because of some kind of
stupid chart for physical beauty, not be-
cause ; . .”

"George,” she said. "Look at me.”
George met her eyes suddenly, caught by
the urgency in her voice. And slowly, in
front of his eyes, she changed. Her features
shifted, until George saw a beautiful young
50

PLANET STORIES

 girl with pink white skin and red lips. He
 saw shining blue eyes and shimmering
 golden hair that fell over her shoulders.
 Gistla's body had changed to a lithe, smooth
 figure that revealed its contours beneath the
 gray cape.

   He caught his breath and wiped a hand
 at his eyes.

    “What you see,” said Gistla softly, "is
 an illusion. You see what would be in your
 values, a beautiful girl.”

   George opened his mouth but was un-
 able to find his voice.

   "Do not be afraid, George. Beneath the
 illusion of your senses, I am still Gistla. I
 am still a Venusian.”

    George reached out and touched his fin-
 gers against a white arm and a white shoul-
 der bared by the cape. He touched the
 golden hair. "Gistla,” he said, amazed,

  ' You’re beautiful.”

    "Yes,” she said sadly.

 "But—you really are! Your hair and your
 eyes and your mouth. How did you do it?”
 She shook her head to show its unimpor-
 tance. "It is something—like your hypno-
 tism.”

   George raised himself from his knees
 and sat beside her. "But I can’t believe it!"
 "You can see, you can feel.”

   "Yes,” George said. "Yes.”

    "You are happy with me this way, aren't
 you, George?”

    “But you’re so beautiful.”

    The golden-haired girl nodded her head,
 and the shining blue eyes watched him
 carefully.

   "You see then,” Gistla said. "It does
 make a difference. You love me more this
 way."

   "No,” George said, touching her hair
 again. "I don’t love you more, but if you
 can do this, why then, we’ll have no more
 worries. Don’t you see?”

    I think so,” Gistla said, looking away.
 George's voice was excited, and his eyes
 darted over her face and body. "Would
 other people see you as I do?”

    "If I wished, yes.”

 "Then you see? It’s all changed! You are
 what I see. Golden-haired and pale-
 *kinned—”

   I am still Gistla. You would always
 know that. Would you love something thai:

  is not real, just becausc you see it with your
  eyes?”

<<TI>UT I can feel that you're real,”

   -»-) George said, putting his hands on
 her shoulders. He pulled her closer and
 kissed her hair. “You’re Gistla,” he said,
 "and you’re beautiful.” He tipped her face
 up to his and bent to kiss her mouth.

   His lips touched smooth green skin and
 he looked into Gistla’s large round lidless
 eyes. He recoiled as though he had been
 touched by fire.

   She watched him as he wiped a trembling
 hand across his chest, and her globular head
 glistened in the reflection of the late sun.

   She nodded. "When you see what I really
 am, the difference h important.” She gath-
 ered her cloak around her and stood up.

   George felt the flush of his face, and he
 could not meet her eyes. He heard her walk
 a few steps away.

   "Good-by, George,” she said.

  He jumped up quickly. “That wasn’t
fair.”

   "No,” she said slowly, “but it proved
 the value of things."

   "It wasn’t fair,” George repeated. "And
 it didn’t prove anything.”

   “I think it did," she said, moving away.

   MNo, listen, Gistla,” he said. "You can’t
 judge anything by what I did or said. We
 are different, in a physical sense, but that
 doesn’t really matter. If a golden-haired girl
 materializes in front of my eyes, you can't
 blame me for what my emotions did. It’s
 still you I love. Not the color of your skin
 or the shape of your mouth. But you and
 what you or I or anybody else looks like
 isn’t important!”

   He followed her and caught her arm.
She turned to face him. “You can say that,”
she said. "Your words tell me that and
your eyes, but I know it isn’t true.”

   The embarrassment was still inside him,
 but the way she denied him made him want
 her more than ever. He held to her arm
 and then he said, "Gistla, could you change
 me? I mean, so that other people, even I,
 would see me as they see you—as a Venus-
 ian?”

   She stood very still, staring at him.

   "Could you?” he asked.

   "Yes.”
GEORGE LOVES GISTLA

51

   "Then do it, Gistla. I’ll prove to you that
nothing is important but you and me. I’ll
be a Venusian, like you are. I'll go back
to my family as a Venusian and I’ll take
you with me. I'll prove that neither they
nor anybody else makes any difference in
how I love you!’’

   Gistla watched him solemnly. Finally she
said, "Would you really do that?”

  "Yes,” he said quickly, "Yes.”

  "I love you, George,” she said in her
deep round voice.

   He lifted his hands to touch her face and
he found that his skin had turned to pale
green. He touched his own face, and he
knew that if he looked into a mirror he
would see a round smooth head with large
lidless eyes.

  "Is that what you wanted?” she asked.
"Yes,” he said stubbornly. "That’s what
I wanted.” He stood there for a long time,
trying to become used to it, fighting the
fear that ran through him every time he
looked at his hands or touched his head.
Finally he said, quietly, "Let’s go meet my
family.’’

AS THEY drew near the house, he knew
his family was still in the patio. He
could hear the voices of his mother and
father and the high, piercing laughter of
his sister.

"And, my God,” he heard his sister say,
"did you see the way those horrible eyes
looked at you? What ever gets into George?”
"Dear, dear, dear,” he heard his mother
say.

  Gistla was looking at him. "You do not
have to do this.”

  "Yes,” he said, feeling his heart jump.
"I do.”

   He took l\er hand and they walked to the
gate of the patio. He stood there, feeling
Gistla’s hand tighten about his own. And
as he said, "Hello, everybody,” he felt his
breath shorten as though he had suddenly
gotten stagcfright.

  He saw his father turn around. "What’s
this?” Mr. Kenington said, frowning.
"Hello, Father,” George said.

  Father ” Mr. Kenington repeated.
"What are you doing in this patio?”

   *'I brought Gistla back.”

   "So I see,” said Mr. Kenington, his eyes

land tightened again. "Try to
George said. 'Gistla—”
going on?” his sister interrupted.
>r whatever her name is,” Mr.
said, "has brought a friend of
r Venusian.” He said the word,
though it were a curse or a

said his sister, squinting at

narrow as he looked at Gistla. "Where's

George?”

  "I'm George.”

  "I’m no: in the mood for joking with
Venusians,' his father snapped. "What
made you tfiink you could come in here like
this?”

Gistla’s
understand
"What’s
"Gistla,

Keningion
hers, anotl
Venusian
filthy wore
"My G<
them.

  Mrs. Ke Kington leaned over in her chair,
peering. " ell them not to come into the
patio, Harr}7," she said to her husband.

  "Listen, Father,” George said, feeling
the panic begin. "Gistla changed my appear-
ance, so that I seem to look like a Venusian.
I came here to tell you that it doesn't make
any difference what I look like, whether
I look like a Venusian or a leaf on a vine
or anything else. I still love her, and it
doesn’t make any difference.” He heard his
voice rising and becoming louder.

  "My God,” said his sister, giggling.
"More black magic. Can you make music?”
she asked George.

  "Harry,” his mother said. "They frighten
me. Can’t you make them keep off the
patio?”

  "Mother—” George began.

  "Now see here,” Mr. Kenington growled.
"You know we don’t allow Venusians
around here. I’d advise you to get out of
here. Quick!”

  "Why does he keep calling you father
and mother?” his sister asked. "Isn’t that
queer, how he keeps doing that? Make some
music,” she said to George.

   George could see the hatred in his father’s
eyes and in his mother’s. And behind his
sister's sarcastic smile, he could see the
hatred there, too. He felt himself getting
more tense, and the panic raced through
him.

  "Listen,” he shouted. "I’m George, don’t
you understand? George!”

  "I don’t want to tell you again,” his
father said, his face very red. "I don’t know
52

PLANET STORIES

what your little game is, but it isn’t coming
off, and so I’ll tell you just this one time.
You get the hell off this property, or
I’ll ...”

  "Listen,” George yelled. "I’m GEORGE!
Don’t you understand?”

   His father’s lips thinned to a white line,
and he began shouting for Joe Finch, the
gardener.

  George knew what he should have done
then, he should have taken Gistla and gone.
He should have walked with her, hand in
hand, down the road and away from there.
But instead, the panic made his heart pound
and he saw the hatred all around him. He
couldn’t help it when he shouted to her,
“Gislla! For God’s sake, change me back!
Right now! Gistla!”

  He stood there, breathing hard, his
muscles knotted like steel, while she stared
*t him, looking into his eyes.

  Suddenly, he heard his father gasp and
say, "George!”

  He looked at his hands and they were
white and he felt of his face and it was his
own. He saw his sister’s hand against her
mouth, and his father stared at him with
unbelieving eyes. His mother had gotten up
and was coming over to him, her eyes
blinking. "George,” she said, "What did
they do to you?” She patted his shoulder,
her hands fluttering like bird wings.

  He turned back to Gistla and she was
gone. Beyond the gate now, he knew,
and walking slowly, alone, down the road.
Only this time he would not go after her.
He couldn't. And as he stood there, feeling
his mother’s hand patting his shoulder,
hearing his sister say, “My God," seeing
his father shake his head slowly, he felt
very young and at the same time, very old,
and he wanted to cry.
He Was the Last Man

  The Reds hit again. A grenade fell into a
gully full of wounded. Private Cafferata
hurled il back, sa\ ing the men but suffering
severe wounds. Ignoring intense pain, he still
fought on until a sniper got him.

  '‘If we really want to protect ourselves
from the Commies,” says Private Cafferata.
now retired because of wounds, “we've got
to go all out. And one thing all of us at home
can do—should do—is invest in our coun-
try’s Defense Bonds. Sure, Bonds are our
personal savings for a rainy day. But they’re
more—they’re muscle behind our G.Ls'
bayonets, too!”

Ifc* Hector A. Cafferata Jr.,
USMCR
Medal of Honor

It WAS DURING the Chosin reservoir fight-
ing. Against F Company’s hill position,
Reds were attacking in regimental strength.
The last of Private Cafferata’s fire-team-
mates had just become a casualty, leaving a
gap in the. defense line. If the enemy could
exploit it, they could smash the entire
perimeter.

  Exposing himself to devastating fire. Pri-
vate Cafferata maneuvered along the line.
Alone, he killed fifteen Chinese, routed the
rest, and held till reinforcements plugged
the hole.

TU U.S. Government does not par lor this advertisement. It is don.ud Ij this publication im cooperation
mith the Advertising Cituneil *od ilogati’n PabtitMU ej America.

Peace is for the strong!

For peace and prosperity save with
U.S. Defense Bonds!

Nnw E Bonds pay 3% ! Now, improved Seriee E
Bonds start paying interest after 6 month?. And
average 3% interest, compounded semiannually
■when held to maturity. Also, all maturing E Bonds
automatically go on earning—at the new rate —
for 10 more years. Today, start investing in Series
E Bonds through the Payroll Savings Plan; you can
eign up to save as little as $2.00 a payday if you wish.

53
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

By PHILIP K. DICK

Stark terror ruled the Inner-Flight ship on that last Mars-
Terra run. For the black-clad Loiters were on the prowl
. * . and the grim red planet was not far behind.

44 ATTENTION Inner-Flight ship! At-
tention! You are ordered to land
at the Control Station on Deimos
foe inspection. Attention! You are to land
9X oncel "

   The metallic rasp of the speaker echoed
through the corridors of the great ship.
The passengers glanced at each other un-
easily, murmuring and peering out the port
windows at the small speck below, the dot
of rock that was the Martian checkpoint,
Deimos.

    What’s up?” an anxious passenger
asked one of the pilots, hurrying through
the ship to check the escape lock.

   “We have to land. Keep seated.” The
pilot went on.

   ' Land? But why?” They, all looked at
each other. Hovering above the bulging
Inner-Flight ship were three slender Mar-
tian pursuit craft, poised and alert for any
emergency. As the Inner-Flight ship pre-
pared to land the pursuit ships dropped
lower, carefully maintaining themselves a
short distance away.

   'There’s something going on,” a woman
passenger said nervously. ’'Lord, I thought
we were finally through with those Mar-
tians. Now what?”

    i don’t blame them for giving us one
fast going over,” a heavy set business man
•aid to his companion. "After all, we’re
the last ship leaving Mars for Terra. We're
damn lucky they let us go at all.”

   "You think there really will be war?”
a young man said to the girl sitting in the
seat next to him. "Those Martians won’t
dare fight, not with our weapons and ability
to produce. We could take care of Mars in

*	month. It's all talk.”

   The girl glanced at him. "Don’t be so
sure. Mars is desperate. They’ll fight tooth

and nail. I’ve been on Mars jhree years.”
She shuddered. "Thank goodness I’m get-
ting away. If—”

   Prepare to land!” the pilot’s voice
came. The ship began to settle slowly, drop-
ping down toward the tiny emergency field
on the seldom visited moon. Down, down
the ship dropped. There was a grinding
sound, a sickening jolt. Then silence.

   We’ve landed,” the heavy set business
man said. "They better not do anything to
us! Terra v/ill rip them apart if they violate
one Space Article.”

   "Please keep your seats,” the pilot’s voice
came. "No one is to leave the ship, accord-
ing to the Martian authorities. We are to
remain here.”

    A restless stir filled the ship. Some of the
passengers began to read uneasily, others
stared out at the deserted field, nervous and
on edge, watching the three Martian pursuit
ships land and disgorge groups of armed
men.

   The Martian soldiers were crossing
the field quickly, moving toward them,
running double time.

   This Inner-Flight spaceship was the last
passenger vessel to leave Mars for Terra.
All other ships had long since left, return-
ing to safety before the outbreak of hostil-
ities. The passengers were the very last to
go, the final group of Terrans to leave the
grim red planet, business men, expatriates,
tourists, any and all Terrans who had not
already gone home.

   "What do you suppose they want?” the
young man said to the girl. "It's hard to
figure Martians out, isn’t it? First they give
the ship clearance, let us take off, and now
they radio us to set down again. By die
way, my name’s Thacher, Bob Thachec.
Since we’re going to be here awhile—”

56

PLANET STORIES

THE port lock opened. Talking ceased
abruptly, as everyone turned. A black-
clad Martian official, a Province Leiter,
st6od framed against the bleak sunlight,
staring around the ship. Behind him a
handful of Martian soldiers stood waiting,
their guns ready.

   "This will not take long,” the Leiter said,
stepping into the ship, the soldiers follow-
ing him. "You will be allowed to continue
your trip shortly.”

  An audible sigh of relief went through
the passengers.

  ' Look at him,” the girl whispered to
Thacher. "How I hate those black uni-
forms!’’

  "He’s just a Provincial Leiter,” Thacher
said. "Don't worry.”

  The Leiter stood for a moment, his hands
on his hips, looking around at them with-
out expression. "I have ordered your ship
grounded so that an inspection can be made
of all persons aboard,” he said. "You Ter-
rans are the last to leave our planet. Most
of you are ordinary and harmless— I am
not interested in you. I am interested in.
finding three saboteurs, three Terrans, two
men and a woman, who have committed
an incredible act of destruction and violence.
They are said to have fled to this ship."

  Murmurs of surprise and indignation
broke out on all sides. The Leiter motioned
the soldiers to follow him up the aisle.

  ' Two hours ago a Martian city was des-
troyed. Nothing remains, only a depression
in the sand where the city was. The city
and all its people have completely vanished.
An entire city destroyed in a second! Mars
will never rest until the saboteurs are cap-
tured. And we know' they are aboard this
ship.”

  "It’s impossible,” the heavy set business
man said. "There aren’t any saboteurs here.”
"We’ll begin with you,” the Leiter said
to him, stepping up beside the man’s seat.
One of the soldiers passed the Leiter a
square metal box. "This will soon tell us
if you’re speaking the truth. Stand up. Get
on your feet.”

  The man rose slowly, flushing. "See
here—”

  "Are you involved in the destruction of
the city? Answer!”

  The man swallowed angrily. ”1 know

  nothing about any destruction of any city.
And furthermore—”

   "He is telling the truth,” the metal box
said tonelessly.

  "Next person.” The Leiter moved down
the aisle.

  A thin bald headed man stood up nerv-
ously. "No sir,” he said. "I don’t know a
thing about it.”

  "He is telling the truth,” the box
affirmed.

  "Next person! Stand up!”

  One person after another stood, an-
swered, and sat down again in relief. At
last there were only a few people left who
had not been questioned. The Leiter paused,
studying them intently.

   "Only five left. The three must be among
you. We have narrowed it down.” His hand
moved to his belt. Something flashed, a
rod of pale Are. He raised the rod, point-
ing it steadily at the five people. "All right,
the first one of you. What do you know
about this destruction? Are you involved
with the destruction of our city?”

  "No, not at all,” the man murmured.
"Yes, he’s telling the truth,” the box
intoned.

  "Next!”

  "Nothing— I know nothing. I had noth-
ing to do with it.”

   “True,” the box said.

  The ship was silent. Three people re-
mained, a middle-aged man and his wife
and their son, a boy of about twelve. They
stood in the corner, staring w'hite-faced at
the Leiter, at the rod in his dark fingers.

  “It must be you,” the Leiter grated,
moving toward them. The Martian soldiers
raised their guns. “It must be you. You
there, the boy. What do you know about
the destruction of our city? Answer!”

  The boy shook his head, “Nothing,” he
whispered.

  The box was silent for a moment. “He is
telling the truth,” it said reluctantly.
"Next!”

  "Nothing,” the woman muttered. “Noth-
ing.”

  "The truth.”

  "Next!”

  "I had nothing to do with blowing up
your city,” the man said. “You’re wasting
your time.”
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

57

  "It is the truth,” the box said.

  For a long time the Leiter stood, toying
with his rod. At last he pushed it back in his
belt and signalled the soldiers toward the
exit lock.

  "You may proceed on your trip,” he
said. He walked after the soldiers. At the
hatch he stopped, looking back at the pas-
sengers, his face grim. "You may go—But
Mars will not allow her enemies to escape.
The three saboteurs will be caught, I prom-
ise you.” He rubbed his dark jaw thought-
fully. "It is strange. I was certain they were
on this ship.”

  Again he looked coldly around at the
Terrans.

  "Perhaps I was wrong. All right, pro-
ceed! But remember: the three will be
caught, even if it takes endless years. Mars
will catch them and punish them! I
swear it!”

FOll a long time no one spoke. The ship
lumbered through space again, its jets
firing evenly, calmly, moving the passengers
toward their own planet, toward home. Be-
hind them De/mos and the red ball that
was Mars dropped farther and farther away
each moment, disappearing and fading into
the distance.

  A sigh of relief passed through the pas-
sengers. "What a lot of hot air that was,”
one grumbled.

  "Barbarians!” a woman said.

  A few of them stood up, moving out into
the aisle, toward the lounge and the cock-
tail bar. Beside Thacher the girl got to her
feet, pulling her jacket around her
shoulders.

  "Pardon me,” she said, stepping past
him.

  "Going to the bar?” Thacher said. "Mind
if I come along?”

  "I suppose not.”

  'Jhey followed the others into the lounge,
walking together up the aisle. "You know,”
Thacher said, "I don’t even know your
name, yet.”

  "My name is Mara Gordon.”

  "Mara? That’s a nice name. What part
of Terra are you from? North America?
New York?”

  "I’ve been in New York,” Mara said.
"New York is very lovely.” She was slender

  and pretty, with a cloud of dark hair tum-
bling down her neck, against her leather
jacket.

  They entered the lounge and stood un-
decided.

  "Let’s sit at a table,” Mara said, looking
around at the people at the bar, mostly men.
"Perhaps that table over there.”

  "But someone’s there already,” Thacher
said. The heavy set business man had sat
down at the table and deposited his sample
case on the floor. "Do we want to sit with
him?”

  "Oh, it’s all right,” Mara said, crossing
to the table. "May we sit here?” she said to
the man.

  The man looked up, half-rising. "It’s a
pleasure,” he murmured. He studied
Thacher intently. "However, a friend of
mine will be joining me in a moment.”

  "I’m sure there’s room enough for us
all,” Mara said. She seated herself and
Thacher helped her with her chair. He sat
down, too, glancing up suddenly at Mara
and the business man. They were looking at
each other almost as if something had passed
between them. The man was middle-aged,
with a florid face and tired, grey eyes. His
hands were mottled with the veins showing
thickly. At the moment he was tapping
nervously.

  "My name’s Thacher,” Thacher said to
him, holding out his hand. "Bob Thacher.
Since we’re going to be together for awhile
we might as well get to know each other.”

  The man studied him. Slowly his hand
came out. "Why not? My name’s Erickson.
Ralf Erickson.”

  "Erickson?” Thacher smiled. "You look
like a commercial man, to me." He nodded
toward the sample case on the floor. "Am I
right?”

  The man named Erickson started to an-
swer, but at that moment there was a stir.
A thin man of about thirty had come up to
the table, his eyes bright, staring down at
them warmly. "Well, we’re on our way,”
he said to Erickson.

  "Hello, Mara.” He pulled out a chair and
sat down quickly, folding his hands on the
table before him. He noticed Thacher and
drew back a little. "Pardon me,” he mur-
mured.

  "Bob Thacher is my name,” Thacher said.
58

PLANET STORIES

"T hope I’m not intruding here.” He
glanced around at the three of them, Mara,
alert, watching him intently, heavy-set
Erickson, his face blank, and this person.
"Say, do you three know each other?” he
asked suddenly.

   There was silence.

   The robot attendant slid over soundlessly,
 poised to take their orders. Erickson roused
 himself. "Let’s see,” he murmured. "What
 will we have? Mara?”

   "Whiskey and water.”

   "You, Jan?”

   The bright slim man smiled. "The same."
   "Thacher?”

   "Gin and tonic.”

   "Whiskey and water for me, also,” Erick-
 son said, The robot attendant went off. It
 returned at once with the drinks, setting on
 the table. Each took his own. "Well,”
 Erickson said, holding his glass up. "To
 our mutual success.”

ALL drank, Thacher and the three of
them, heavy set Erickson, Mara, her
eyes nervous and alert, Jan, who had just
come. Again a look passed between Mara
and Erickson a look so swift that he would
not have caught it had he not been looking
directly at her.

   "What line do you represent, Mr. Erick-
 son?” Thacher asked.

   Erickson glanced at him, then down at
the sample case on the floor. He grunted.
"Well, as you can see, I’m a salesman.”
Thacher smiled. "I knew it! You get so
you can always spot a salesman right off by
his sample case. A salesman always has to
carry something to show. What are you in,
sir?”

   Erickson paused. He licked his thick lips,
 his eyes blank and lidded, like a toad’s.
 At last he rubbed his mouth with his hand
 and reached down, lifting up the sample
 cas,f‘ He it: on tlie tak*e in front of him.

   "Well?'’ he said. "Perhaps we might even
 show Mr. Thacher.”

   They all stared down at the sample case.

 It seemed to be an ordinary leather case,
 with a metal handle and a snap lock. "I’m
 getting curious,” Thacher said. "What’s in
 there? You’re all so tense. Diamonds?
 Stolen jewels?”

 Jan laughed harshly, mirthlessly. "£rick,

put it down. We’re not far enough away,

yet;.

   "Nonsense,” Erick rumbled. "We’re
away, Jan.”

   "Please,” Mara whispered. "Wait, Erick.”
 "Wait? Why? What for? You’re so ac-
 customed to—”

   "Erick, ’ Mara said. She nodded toward
 Thacher. "We don’t know him, Erick.
 Please!”

   "He’s a Terran, isn’t he?” Erickson said.
 "All Terrans are together in these times.”
 He fumbled suddenly at the catch lock on
 die case. "Yes, Mr. Thacher. I’m a salesman.
 We’re all salesmen, the three of us.”

   ' Then you do know each other.”

   "Yes.” Erickson nodded. His two com-
panions sal rigidly, staring down. "Yes, we
do. Here, I’ll show you our line.”

   He opened the case. From it he took a
letier-knife, a pencil sharpener, a glass globe
paper weight, a box of thumb tacks, a
stapler, some clips, a plastic ashtray, and
some things Thacher could not identify.
He placed the objects in a row in front of
him on the table top. Then he closed the
sample case.

   "I gather you’re in office supplies,”
Thacher said. He touched the letter knife
with his finger. "Nice quality steel. Looks
like Swedish steel, to me.”

   Erickson nodded, looking into Thacher’s
 face. "Not really an impressive business,
 is it? Office supplies. Ashtrays, paper dips.”
 He smiled.

i "Oh—” Thacher shrugged. "Why not?
They’re a necessity in modern business. The
only thing I wonder—”

   "What’s that?”

   "Well, I wonder how you’d ever find
enough customers on Murs to make it worth
your while. ’ He paused, examining the
glass paper weight. He lifted it up, holding
it to the light, staring at the scene within
until Erickson took it out of his hand and
put it back in the sample case. "And an-
other tiling. If you three know each other,
why did you sit apart when you got on?”
They looked at him quickly.

   "And why didn’t you speak to each other
 until we left Deimos?” He leaned toward
 Erickson, smiling at him. “Two men and a
 woman. Three of you. Sitting apart in the
 ship. Not speaking, not until the check*
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

 station was past. I find myself thinking over
 what the Martian said. Three saboteurs. A
 woman and two men."

  Erickson put the things back in the
sample case. He was smiling, but his face
had gone chalk white. Mara stared down,
playing with a drop of water on the edge
of her glass. Jan clenched his hands to-
gether nervously, blinking rapidly.

   "You three are the ones the Leiter was
after," Thacher said softly. ''You are the
destroyers, the saboteurs. But their lie de-
tector— Why didn’t it trap you? How did
you get by that? And now you’re safe, out-
side the check-station.” He grinned, staring
around at them. "I’ll be damned! And I
really thought you were a salesman, Erick-
son. You really fooled me.”

  Erickson relaxed a little. "Well, Mr.
Thacher, it’s in a good cause. I’m sure you
have no love for Mars, either. No Ter ran
does. And I see you’re leaving with the rest
of us."

  "True,” Thacher said. "You must cer-
tainly have an interesting account to give,
the three of you.” He looked around the
table.

   "We still have an hour or so of travel.
Sometimes it gets dull, this Mars-Terra run.
Nothing to see, nothing to do but sit and
drink in the lounge.” He raised his eyes
slowly. "Any chance you’d like to spin a
story to keep us awake?”

  Jan and Mara looked at Erickson. "Go
on,” Jan said. "He knows who we are. Tell
him the rest of the story.”

   "You might as well,” Mara said.

   Jan let out a sigh suddenly, a sigh of
relief. “Let’s put the cards on the table, get
tliis weight off us. I’m tired of sneaking
around, slipping—**

   "Sure,” Erickson said expansively. "Why
not?” He settled back in his cair, unbutton-
ing his vest. "Certainly, Mr. Thacher. I’ll
be glad bo spin you a story. And I’m sure
it will be interesting enough to keep you
awake.”

THEY laa through the groves of dead
trees, leaping across the sun-baked
Martian soil, running silently together. They
went up a little rise, across a narrow ridge.
Suddenly Erick stopped, throwing himself
down flat on the ground. The others did

the same, pressing themselves against the
soil, gasping for breath.

   "Be silent,” Erick muttered. He raised
himself a little. "No noise. There’ll be
Leiters nearby, from now on. We don’t dare
take any chances.”

  Between the three people lying in the
grove of dead trees and the City was a
barren, level waste of desert, over a mile of
blasted sand. No trees or bushes marred
the smooth, parched surface. Only an occa-
sional wind, a dry wind eddying and twist-
ing, blew the sand up into little rills. A
faint odor came to them, a bitter smell of
heat and sand, carried by the wind.

  Erick pointed. "Look. The City— There
it is.”

   They stared, still breathing deeply from
their race through the trees. The City was
close, closer than they had ever seen it
before. Never had they gotten so close to it
in times past. Terrans were never allowed
near the great Martian cities, the centers of
Martian life. Even in ordinary times, when
there was no threat of approaching war, the
Martians shrewdly kept all Terrans away
from their citadels, partly from fear, partly
from a deep, innate sense of hostility toward
the white-skinned visitors whose commer-
cial ventures had earned them the respect,
and the dislike, of the whole system.

   "How does it look to you?” Erick said.

  The City was huge, much larger than
they had imagined from the drawings and
models they had studied so carefully back
in New York, in the War Ministry Office.
Huge it was, huge and stark, black towers
rising up against the sky, incredibly thin
columns of ancient metal, columns that had
stood wind and sun for centuries. Around
the City was a wall of stone, red stone,
immense bricks that had been lugged there
and fitted into place by slaves of the early
Martian dynasties, under the whiplash of
the first great Kings of Mars.

   An ancient, sun-baked City, a City set in
the middle of a wasted plain, beyond groves
of dead trees, a City seldom seen by Terrans
—but a City studied on maps and charts in
every War Office on Terra. A City that con-
tained, for all its ancient stone and archaic
towers, the ruling group of all Mars, the
Council of Senior Leiters, black-clad men
who governed and ruled with an iron hand.
PLANET STORIES

   The Senior Leiters, twelve fanatic and
devoted men, black priests, but priests with
flashing rods of fire, lie detectors, rocket
ships, intra-space cannon, many more things
the Terran Senate could only conjecture
about. The Senior Leiters and their subor-
dinate Province Leiters—Erick and the two
behind him suppressed a shudder.

  "We've got to be careful,” Erick said
again. "We’ll be passing among them, soon,
if they guess who we are, or what we’re
here for—”

  He snapped open the case lie carried,
glancing inside for a second. Then he closed
it again, grasping the handle firmly. "Let’s
go,” he said. He stood up slowly. “You two
come up beside me. I want to make sure
you look the way you should.”

MARA and Jan stepped quickly ahead.
Erick studied them critically as the
three of them walked slowly down the
slope, onto the plain, toward the towering
black spires of the City.

  "Jan,” Erick said. "Take hold of her
hand! Remember, you’re going to marry
her; she’s your bride. And Martian peasants
think a lot of their brides.’’

   Jan was dressed in the short trousers and
(?oat of the Martian farmer, a knotted rope
tied around his waist, a hat on his head to
keep off the sun. His skin was dark, colored
by dye until it was almost bronze.

   "You look fine,” Erick said to him. He
glanced at Mara. Her black hair was tied
in a knot, looped through a hollowed-out
yuke bone. Her face was dark, too, dark
and lined with colored ceremonial pigment,
green and orange stripes across her cheeks.
Earrings w'ere strung through her ears. On
her feet were tiny slippers of perruh hide,
laced around her ankles, and she wore long
translucent Martian trousers with a bright
sash tied around her waist. Between her
small breasts a chain of stone beads rested,
good-Iuck charms for the coming marriage.

   “All right,” Erick said. He, himself, wore
the flowing grey robe of a Martian priest,
dirty robes that were supposed to remain on
him all his life, to be buried around him
when he died. "I think we’ll get past the
guards. There should be heavy morning
traffic on the road.”

   They walked on, the hard sand crunching

under their feet. Against the horizon they
could see specks moving, other persons
going toward the City, farmers and peasants
and merchants, bring their crops and goods
to market.

   "See the cart!” Mara exclaimed.

  They were nearing a narrow road, two
ruts worn into the sand. A Martian hufa
was pulling the cart, its great sides wet with
perspiration, its tongue hanging out. The
cart was piled high with bales of cloth,
rough country cloth, hand dipped. A bent
farmer urged the hufa on.

   "And there.” She pointed, smiling.

   A group of merchants riding small ani-
mals were moving along behind the cart,
Marxians in long robes, their faces hidden
by sand masks. On each animal was a pack,
carefully tied on with rope. And beyond the
merchants, plodding dully along, were
peasants and farmers in an endless proces-
sion, some riding carts or animals, but
mostly on foot.

   Mara and Jan and Erick joined the line
of people, melting in behind the merchants.
No one noticed them; no one looked up or
gave any sign. The march continued as be-
fore. Neither Jan nor Mara said anything to
each other. They walked a little behind
Erick, who paced with a certain dignity, a
certain bearing becoming his position.

  Once he slowed down, pointing up at
the sky. "Look,” he murmured, in the Mar-
tian hill dialect. "See that?”

   Two black dots circled lazily. Martian
patrol craft, the military on the outlook for
any sign of unusual activity. War was
almost ready to break out with Terra. Any
day, almost any moment.

  “We’ll be just in time,” Erick said.
"Tomorrow will be too late. The last ship
will have left Mars.”

  "I hope nothing stops us,” Mara said.
“I want to get back home when we’re
through.”

HALF an hour passed. They neared the
City, the wall grewing as they walked,
rising higher and higher until it seemed to
blot out the sky itself. A vast wall," a wall
of eternal stone that had felt the wind and
sun for centuries. A group of Martian
soldiers were standing at the entrance, the
single passage-gate hewn into the rock,
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

61

leading to the City. As each person went
through the soldiers examined him, poking
his garments, looking into his load.

  Erick tensed. The line had slowed almost
to a halt. "It’ll be our turn, soon," he mur-
mured. "Be prepared.”

  "Let’s hope no Leiters come around,"
Jan said. "The soldiers aren’t so bad."

  Mara was staring up at the wall and the
towers beyond.'Under their feet the ground
trembled, vibrating and shaking. She could
see tongues of flame rising from the towers,
from the deep underground factories and
forges of the City. The air was thick and
dense with particles of soot. Mara rubbed
her mouth, coughing.

   "Here they come,” Erick said softly.

  The merchants had been examined and
allowed to pass through the dark gate, the
entrance through the wall into the City.
They and their silent animals had already
disappeared inside. The leader of the group
of soldiers was beckoning impatiently to
Erick, waving him on.

  "Come along!” he said. "Hurry up there,
old man.”

  Erick advanced slowly, his arms wrapped
around his body, looking down at the
ground.

  "Who are you and what’s your business
here?” the soldier demanded, his hands on
his hips, his gun hanging idly at his waist.
Most of the soldiers were lounging lazily,
leaning against the wall, some even squat-
ting in the shade. Flies crawled on the face
of one who had fallen asleep, his gun on
the ground beside him.

  "My business?” Erick murmured. "I am
a village priest.”

  "Why do you want to enter the City?”

  "I must bring these two people before
the magistrate to marry them.” He indicated
Mara and Jan, standing a little behind him.
"That is the Law the Leiters have made.’'
The soldier laughed. He circled around
Erick. "What do you have in that bag you
carry?"

  "Laundry. We stay the night.”

  “What village are you from?”

  "Kranos."

  "Kranos?" The soldier looked to a com-
panion, "Ever heard of Kranos?”

  “A backward pig sty. I saw it
boating trip.”

once on ft

  The leader of the soldiers nodded to Jan
and Mara. The two of them advanced, their
hands clasped, standing close together. One
of the soldiers put his hand on Mara’s bare
shoulder, turning her around.

   "Nice little wife you’re getting,” he said.
"Good and firm looking.” He winked,
grinning lewdly.

  Jan glanced at him in sullen resentment.
The soldiers guffawed. "All right,” the
leader said to Erick. "You people can pass."

  Erick took a small purse from his robes
and gave the soldier a coin. Then the three
of them went into the dark tunnel that was
the entrance, passing through the wall of
stone, into the City beyond.

  They were within the City!

  "Now,” Erick whispered. "Hurry.”
Around them the City roared and cracked,
the sound of a thousand vents and machines,
shaking the stones under their feet. Erick
led Mara and Jan into a corner, by a row
of brick warehouses. People were every-
where, hurrying back and forth, shouting
above the din, merchants, peddlers, soldiers,
street women. Erick bent down and opened
the case he carried. From the case he quickly
took three small coils of fine metal, intricate
meshed wires and vanes worked together
into a small cone. Jan took one and Mara
took one. Erick put the remaining cone into
his robe and snapped the case shut again,
"Now remember, the coils must be buried
in such a way that the line runs through the
center of the City. We must trisect the main
section, where the largest concentration of
buildings is. Remember the maps! Watch
the alleys and streets carefully. Talk to no
one if you can help it. Each of you has
enough Martian money to buy your way out
of trouble. Watch especially for cut-purses,
and for heaven’s sake, don t get lost.”

ERICK broke off. Two black-clad Leiters
were coming along the inside of the
wall, strolling together with their hands
behind their backs. They noticed the three
who stood in the corner by the warehouses
and stopped.

  "Go,” Erick muttered. “And be back here
at sundown.” He smiled grimly. "Or never
come back.”

  Each went off a different way, walking
quickly without looking back. The Leiters
62

PLANET STORIES

watched them go. "The little bride was
quite lovely/' one I.eiter said. "Those hill
people have the stamp of nobility in their
blood, from the old times.”

   "A very lucky young peasant to possess
her/’ the other said. They went on. Erick
looked after them, still smiling a little. Then
he joined the surging mass of people that
milled eternally through the streets of the
City.

   At dusk they met outside the gate. The
sun was soon to set, and the air had turned
thin and frigid. It cut through their cloth-
ing like knives.

   Mara huddled against Jan, trembling and
rubbing her bare arms.

   "Well?” Erick said. "Did you both suc-
ceed?”

  Around them peasants and merchants
were pouring from the entrance, leaving the
City to return to their farms and villages,
starting the long trip back across the plain
toward the hills beyond. None of them
noticed the shivering girl and the young
man and the old priest standing by the wall.

  "Mine’s in place,” Jan said. "On the
other side of the City, on the extreme edge.
Buried by a well.”

   "Mine’s in the industrial section,” Mara
whispered, her teeth chattering. "Jan, give
me something to put over me! I’m
freezing.”

   ' Good,” Erick said. "Then the three coils
should trisect dead center, if the models
v/ere correct.” He looked up at the darken-
ing sky. Already, stars were beginning to
show. Two dots, the evening patrol, moved
slowly toward the horizon. "Let’s hurry. It
won’t be long.”

   1'hey joined the line of Martians moving
along the road, away from the City. Behind
them the City was losing itself in the
sombre tones of night, its black spires dis-
appearing into darkness.

  They walked silently with the country
people until the flat ridge of dead trees
became visible on the horizon. Then they
left the road and turned off, walking
toward the trees.

   "Almost time!” Erick said. He increased
his pace, looking back at Jan and Mara
impatiently.

  "Come on!”

   They hurried, making their way through

the twilight, stumbling over rocks and dead
branches, up the side of the ridge. At the
top Erick halted, standing with his hands oil
his hips, looking back.

   "See,” he murmured. "The City. The last
time well ever see it this way.”

   "Can I sit down?” Mara said. "My feet
hurt me.”

   Jan pulled at Erick's sleeve. "Hurry,
Erick! Not much time left.” He laughed
nervously. "If everything goes right we'll be
able to look at it—forever.”

   But not like this,” Erick murmured. He
squatted down, snapping his case open. He
took some tubes and wiring out and as-
sembled them together on the ground, at
the peak of the ridge. A small pyramid of
wire and plastic grew, shaped by his expert
hands.

   At last he grunted, standing up. "All
right.”

   Is it pointed directly at the City?” Mara
asked anxiously, looking down at the
pyramid.

   Erick nodded. "Yes, it’s placed accord-
ing—” He stopped, suddenly stiffening.
"Get back! It’s time! Hurry!”

   Jan ran, down the far side of the slope,
away from the City, pulling Mara with him.
Erick came quickly after, still looking back
at the distant spires, almost lost in the night
sky.

  "Down.”

   Jan sprawled out, Mara beside him, her
trembling body pressed against his. Erick
settled down into the sand and dead
branches, still trying to see. "I want to see
it,” he murmured. "A miracle. I want to
see—”

   A flash, a blinding burst of violet light,
lit up the sky. Erick clapped his hands over
his eyes. The flash whitened, growing
larger, expanding. Suddenly there was a
roar, and a furious hot wind rushed past
him, throwing him on his face in the sand.
The hot dry wind licked and seared at
them, crackling the bits of branches into
flame. Mara and Jan shut their eyes, pressed
tightly together.

   "God—” Erick muttered.

   The storm passed. They opened their
eyes slowly. The sky was still alive with
fire, a drifting cloud of sparks that was
beginning to dissipate with the night wind.
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

Erick stood up unsteadily, helping Jan and
Mara to their feet. The three of them stood,
staring silently across the, dark waste, the
black plain, none of them speaking.

   The City was gone.

   At last Erick turned away. "That part’s
done,” he said. "Now the rest! Give me a
hand, Jan. There’ll be a thousand patrol
ships around here in a minute.”

   "I see one already,” Mara said, pointing
up. A spot winked in the sky, a rapidly
moving spot. "They're coming, Erick.”
There was a throb of chill fear in her voice,

   "I know.” Erick and Jan squatted on the
ground around the pyramid of tubes and
plastic, pulling the pyramid apart. Hie
pyramid was fused, fused together like
molten glass. Erick tore the pieces away
with trembling fingers. From the remains
of the pyramid he pulled something forth,
something he held up high, trying to make
it out in the darkness. Jan and Mara came
close to see, both staring up intently, almost
without breathing.

   "There it is,” Erick said. "There!"

IN HIS hand was a globe, a small trans-
parent globe of glass. Within the glass
something moved, something minute and
fragile, spires almost too small to be seen,
microscopic, a complex web swimming
within the hollow glass globe. A web of
spires. A City.

  Erick put the globe into the case and
snapped it shut. "Let’s go,” he said. They
began to lope back through the trees, back
the way they had come before. "We'll
change in the car,” he said as they ran.
"I think wc should keep these clothes on
until we're actually inside the car. We still
might encounter someone.”

   “I'U be glad to get my own clothing on
again," Jan said. "I feel funny in these little
pants."

  "How do you think I feel?” Mara
gasped. "I'm freezing in this, what there
is of it.M

  "All young Martian brides dress that
way," Erick said. He clutched the case
tightly as they ran. "I think it looks fine."

   "Thank you,” Mara said, "but it is cold.”

  "What do you suppose they’ll think?”
Jan asked. “They’ll assume the City was
destroyed, won’t they? That’s certain/''

   Yes,”” Erick said. "They’ll be sure it
 was blown up. We can count on that. And
 it will be damn important to us that they
 think so!”

   "The car should be around here, some-
place,” Mara said, slowing down.

No. Farther on," Erick said. "Past that
little hill over there. In the ravine, by the
trees. It’s so hard to see where we are.”
"Shall I light something?” Jan said.

  "No. There may be patrols around
who—”

   He halted abruptly. Jan and Mara stopped
 beside him. "What—” Mara began.

   A light glimmered. Something stirred in
 the darkness. There was a sound.

   "Quick!” Erick rasped. He dropped,
throwing the case far away from him, into
the bushes. He straightened up tensely.

   A figure loomed up, moving through the
darkness, and behind it came more figures,
men, soldiers in uniform. The light flashed
up brightly, blinding them. Erick closed
his eyes. The light left him, touching Mara
and Jan, standing silently together, clasp-
ing hands. Then it flickcd down to the
ground and around in a circle.

   A Leiter stepped forward, a tall figure
 in black, with his soldiers close behind him,
 their guns ready. "You three,” the Leiter
 said. "Who are you? Don’t move. Stand
 where you are.”

   He came up to Erick, peering at him in-
 tently, his hard Martian face without ex-
 pression. He went all around Erick, exam-
 ining his robes, his sleeves.

   "Please—” Erick began in a quavering
voice, but the Leiter cut him off.

   "I’ll do the talking. Who are you three?
 What are you doing here? Speak up.”

  "We—we are going back to our vil-
lage,” Erick muttered, staring down, his
hands folded. "We were in the City, and
now we are going home.”

   One of the soldiers spoke into a mouth-
 piece. He clicked it off and put it away.

   "Come with me,” the Leiter said. "We’re
 taking you in. Hurry along.”

   "In? Back to the City?”

   One of the soldiers laughed. “The City
 is gone,” he said. “All that’s left of it you
 can put in the palm of your hand.”

   "But what happened?” Mara said.

   "No one knows. Come on, hurry it up!”
PLANET STORIES

64 b

  There was a sound. A soldier came
quickly out of the darkness. "A Senior
Leiter,” he said. "Coming this way." He
disappeared again.

** A SENIOR Leiter.” The soldiers stood
xA. waiting, standing at a respectful
attention. A moment later the Senior Leiter
stepped into the light, a black-clad old man,
his ancient face thin and hard, like a bird’s,
eyes bright and alert. He looked from
Erick to Jan.

  "Who are these people?” he demanded.
  "Villagers going back home.”

  "No they’re not. They don’t stand like
villagers. Villagers slump—diet, poor food.
These people are not villagers. I myself
came from the hills, and I know.”

   He stepped close to Erick, looking keenly
into his face. "Who are you? Look at his
chin— he never shaved with a sharpened
stone! Something is wrong here.”

  In his hand a rod of pale lire flashed.
"The City is gone, and with it at least half
the Leiter Council. It is very strange, a
flash, then heat, and a wind. But it was not
fission. I am puzzled. All at once the City
has vanished. Nothing is left but a depres-
sion in the sand.”

  "We’ll take them in,” the other Leiter
said. "Soldiers, surround them. Make
certain that—”

  "Run!” Erick cried. He struck out,
knocking the rod from the Senior Leiter’s
hand. They were all running, soldiers shout-
ing, flashing their lights, stumbling against
each other in the darkness. Erick dropped
to his knees, groping frantically in the
bushes. His fingers closed over the handle
of the case and he leaped up. In Terran he
shouted to Mara and Jan.

  "Hurry! To the car! Run!” He set off,
down the slope, stumbling through the
darkness. He could hear soldiers behind
him, soldiers running and falling. A body
collided against him and he struck out.
Someplace behind him there was a hiss, and
a section of the slope went up in flames.
The Leiter’s rod—

  "Erick,” Mara cried from the darkness.
He ran toward her. Suddenly he slipped,
falling on a stone. Confusion and firing.
The sound of excited voices.

  "Erick, is that you?” Jan caught hold of

him, helping him up. “The car. It’s over
here. Where’s Mara?”

  "I’m here,” Mara's voice came. "Over

here, by the car.”

  A light flashed. A tree went up in a puff
of fire, and Erick felt the singe of the heat
against his face. He and Jan made their
way toward the girl. Mara’s hand caught
his in the darkness.

  "Now the car,” Erick said. "If they
haven’t got to it.” He slid down the slope
into the ravine, fumbling in the darkness,
reaching and holding onto the handle of the
case. Reaching, reaching—

  He touched something cold and smooth.
Metal, a metal door handle. Relief flooded
through him. "I’ve found it! Jan, get inside.
Mara, come on.” He pushed Jan past him,
into the car. Mara slipped in after Jan, her
small agile body crowding in beside him.

  "Stop!” a voice shouted from above.
"There’s no use hiding in that ravine. We’ll
get you! Come up and—”

  The sound of voices was drowned out by
the roar of the car's motor A moment later
they shot into the darkness, the car rising
into the air. Treetops broke and cracked
under them as Erick'turned the car from
side to side, avoiding the groping shafts of
pale light from below, the last furious
thrusts from the two Leiters and their sol-
diers.

  Then they were away, above the trees,
high in the air, gaining speed each moment,
leaving the knot of Martians far behind.

  "Toward Marsport,” Jan said to Erick.
"Right?”

  Erick nodded. "Yes. We’ll land outside
the field, in the hills. We can change back
to our regular clothing there, our commer-
cial clothing. Damn it— we'll be lucky if
we can get there in time for the ship.”

  "The last ship,” Mara whispered, her
chest rising and falling. "What if we don’t
get there in time?”

  Erick looked down at the leather case in
his lap. "We’ll have to get there,” he
murmured. "We must!”

FOR a long time there was silence.
Thacher stared at Erickson. The older
man was leaning back in his chair, sipping
a little of his drink. Mara and Jan were
silent.
THE CRYSTAL CRYPT

65

   So you didn't destroy the City,”
Thacher said. "You didn’t destroy it at all.
You shrank it down and put it in a glass
globe, in a paperweight. And now you're
salesmen again, with a sample case of office
supplies!”

  Erickson smiled. He opened the briefcase
and reaching into it he brought out the glass
globe paperweight. He held it up, looking
into it. "Yes, we stole the City from the
Martians. That’s how we got by the lie
detector. It was true that we knew nothing
about a destroyed City.”

  "But why?” Thacher said. "Why steal a
City? Why not merely bomb it?”

  "Ransom,” Mara said fervently,- gazing
into the globe, her dark eyes bright. "Their
biggest City, half of their Council— in
Erick’s hand!”

  "Mars will have to do what Terra asks,”
Erickson said. "Now Terra will be able to
make her commercial demands felt. Maybe
there won’t even be a war. Perhaps Terra
will get her way without fighting.” Still
smiling, he put the globe back into the
brief case and locked it.

  "Quite a story,” Thacher said. "What an
amazing process, reduction of size— A
whole City reduced to microscopic dimen-
sions. Amazing. No wonder you were able
to escape. With such daring as that, no one
could hope to stop you.”

  He looked down at the brief case on the
floor. Underneath them the jets murmured
and vibrated evenly, as the ship moved

through space toward distant Terra.

  "We still have quite a way to go,” Jan
said. "You’ve heard our story, Thacher.
Why not tell us yours? What sort of line
are you in? What’s your business?”

  "Yes,’’ Mara said. ' What do you do?”
"What do I do?” Thacher said. "Well,
if you like, I’ll show you.” He reached into
his coat and brought out something. Some-
thing that flashed and glinted, something
slender. A rod of pale fire.

  The three stared at it. Sickened shock
settled over them slowly.

  Thacher held the rod loosely, calmly,
pointing it at Erickson. "We knew you three
were on this ship,” he said. "There was no
doubt of that. But we did not know what
had become of the City. My theory was
that the City had not been destroyed at all,
that something else had happened to it.
Council instruments measured a sudden loss
of mass in that area, a decrease equal to the
mass of the City. Somehow the City had
been spirited away, not destroyed. But I
could not convince the other Council Leiters
of it. I had to follow you alone.”

  Thacher turned a little, nodding to the
men sitting at the bar. The men rose at
once, coming toward the table.

  "A very interesting process you hsve.
Mars will benefit a great deal from it. Per-
haps it will even turn the tide in our fa>or.
When we return to Marsport I wish to
begin work on it at once. And now, if yk>u
will please pass me the briefcase—
 FELINE RED

By ROBERT SAMPSON

It was up to Jerill to think fast . , . to do something
, . . before those strange beasts sucked away the

last purified ore on

SHOUTING wave of men rioted
through the engine room.

   From the bridge above the hulk-
ing atomics, Chief Engineer Durval vollied
orders in a thunderous voice. "You men—
you!" he raged. “Use your heads, not your
feet. Drive them toward the door.”

  A scattering of Them—compact darting
beasts the color of a poppy—scuttled into
the shadow of an engine. Heavy Davison
wrenches clubbed futilely behind them.

   As Durval flew into new bursts of shout-
ing, Scott Jerill, First Mate of the freighter
Bertha, grimly shook his head. His lean face
was not smiling now. “Call your men back,”
he commanded crisply. “We don’t have
time to drive those cats out like this.”

   Durval turned on him with a snarl. “Take
over then. Think of a better way. If you
hadn’t hauled that load of space cats aboard
in the first place. . .

   “Look out,” Scott snapped.

   With a crisp smack, a red creature the
size of a man’s hand struck the rail before
them. It was all improbable angles, with
no special shape, no front or back. It
teetered crazily over the ten foot drop to the
floor below. Then it settled, sputtering. It
sounded curiously like an angry cat.

   “There’s one,” roared Durval. His wrench
slashed down, crashed shrilly on the rail as
the cat skimmed effortlessly away. The
wrench shot off toward the floor.

   Durval shook his hand and roared. The
cat, some twenty feet down the rail,
cackled insanely. As Scott stepped slowdy
toward it, the cat hissed, bounded off the
rail, and down the steps to the engine room
flocrf.

   Scott shook his head. “You’re not going
to catch them by hand. Better let them settle
down, Durval.’*

66

the freighter Bertha.

   "Settle down.” The Chief brought the
palm of his hand down on the rail. The rail
trembled. 'They’ve already settled down.
On every generator in the place. One of
them crawled under the main relay swatch
and shorted out half the board. Didn’t hurt
him a bit.”

   Scott interrupted gruffly. “We’ve got to
get them out of here fast. Captain Elder-
burg wants to blast off here day after to-
morrow', and we don’t have half the ore
cargo purified yet.”

   "And you won’t have,” Durval snapped.
“If we blast off, we’ll do it with an empty
hold. I can’t purify uranium with fifty cats
running loose, getting caught in the
machinery. It can’t be done. Get these cats
out and I’ll give you a hold full of the best
grade uranium Earth ever bought. But not
till you get those cats out.”

   Scowling, Scott bit his knuckles. “We’ve
got to get moving. 'Hie skipper thinks IP
Metals is going to jump our claim,” he
said urgently.

   “It you ask me, only a doddering fool
would bring these things into a space ship.”
He glanced sharply at Scott. "What’s this
about IPM?”

   Scott shook his head slowly. "Nothing.
Forget I said anything. But get these cats
out. And fast. Have you tried ultra-sonics
on them?”

DURVAL’S face slipped into new lines.
"Maybe,” he muttered. Leaning over
the railing, he thundered, “Masters. Forget
those cats a minute. Yes, forget them. Hook
up an ultra-sonics sender and—”

  The ship intercom over Durval’s head
clicked mechanically, hummed into life,
“Mr. Jerill. Report to Central Control. Mi.
Jerill. Report—”

68	PLANET

  Scott jabbed the Acknowledgement but-
ton. As he swung around Durval he glanced
down into the engine room. Sweating men
beat after the scuttling red beasts.

  "Report to me about the sonics,” he told
Durval. "If that doesn’t work, we’ll scoop
up those red kitties with our bare hands.
But we got to get started on that uranium
ore purification. Faster than ten minutes

ag°-M

  He slammed the engine room door, cut-
ting off Durval’s angry roar. Striding
rapidly through the bluish light of the cor-
ridor, an anger bitter as Durval's throbbed
in him. But he took pains to hold it down.

  "Confound those cats,” he thought. "The
Kastil on top of us, and we have to stop
work to chase space fauna. And we have
three days left. Three days.”

  So engrossed was he in anger that he
almost blundered headon into the grinning
red-head who lounged up the corridor
toward him.

  "Hey, Scott.” Second Mate Max Vaugn
raised a lazy eyebrow. "Slow down. Think
of all your ulcers.”

   Scott spun impatiently on his heel. "Can’t
stop, Max. Got to see the Captain.”

  "And you don’t even stop to say hello to
an old friend back from the mines of a
nameless asteroid.” He grinned, slapped
Scott’s shoulder lightly with an open palm.
"What’s all this scandal I hear about your
space cats?”

  Scott grimaced. "I caught a few while
we were scooping up ore over at my pit.
Thought the Extra-Terrestrial Life Division
back on Earth might be interested in them.
They don’t eat. They don’t breathe. . . .
Only their cage got smashed open, and
they got into the engine room. Nobody
knows how.”

  "The good news has got around,” Max
said grinning. "You don’t know it, but
there’s twenty more sitting outside the main
cargo hatch right now. What gets rid of
them?”

  "If you think of anything,” Scott said
as he turned away, "tell me. Got to go.
Elderburg’s waiting.”

  "Have you tried hitting them with strong
light?” Max shouted after him.

  “No,” Scott shouted back. He was very
late, and the Old Man wanted you fast

STORIES

when he wanted you. "Try light if you get
a chance.”

  He broke into an effortless trot, his
boots padding lightly on the shining gray
floor. "Three days,” he thought. He forgot
Max. He forgot Durval and the cats. He
thought, "Three days,” and a fine film of
perspiration spread cold across his back.

“TT7E HAVE three days,” Captain El-
VV derburg said. He was a small neat
man with a prim voice. His bland eyes
peered forward into some middle distance,
ignoring Scott.

   And Scott, sitting tautly in his chair, felt
glad those eyes were not on him.

  "In three days,” the Captain said, "or
probably before, the Kastil should find us.
The Kastil — the best ship Inner - Planet
Metals ever commissioned.”

   Scott nodded. In the savage, free-for-all
world of the space-miner, the Kastil was
known as the big ship, the new ship. The
ship that could load its cargo hatches in a
day, stuffing 100,000 tons of ore down in
its belly for the hungering plants of Earth.

   “Ive fought IP Metals for fifteen years,”
Elderburg said slowly. His eyes were very
far away. "For fifteen years they've grown
bigger and bigger, and the bigger they’ve
got, the rougher they’ve played. You know
their record, Scott. Murder, claim-jumping.
What they can’t steal with a blaster, they
take by law.”

  Glancing through the open port behind
the Captain’s head, out into the star-
dappled dark of space, Scott asked: "Is
there any way we can set up a permanent
claim here on this asteroid without going
back to Earth?”

  "You know better than that.” Elder-
burg’s eyes turned full on Scott. "Unless we
bring a full cargo or reasonably purified ore
to Earth, we can’t lay claim to these mines,
or to any other mineral rights here.”

  His hands closed neatly, one inside the
other. “And we’ve got to get a cargo back.
This is our last chance. A strike as rich as
this one will keep us going for a long time.
But if we lose this claim to IPM, the day*
of the independent miner are over. Done
with. We might as well sell the Bertha and
get out.”

   We’ll be out of here in two days,” Scott
FELINE RED

69

said eagerly. "If we. . .

   If," said Elderburg very plainly. His
eyes turned away from Scott and his hands
went all loose at once and spread out flat
on the table.

   "If we cannot load in two days, Mister
Jeriil. If your cats that you so foolishly
brought on board the Bertha delay us so
much that the Kastil locates us. And beats
us home with a load of ore. If that happens,
Mister Jeriil, I will see that you are black-
listed from the rolls of every space flight
unit now operating. You will be completely
responsible for the failure of this cruise.”
Slumping back in his seat, he grinned
maliciously at Scott. ”1 realize that our com-
pany was offering you a captain’s position at
the end of the expedition. ...”

  Scott stood up. Anger hammered power-
fully at his temples. "All right. I admit I
made a mistake. And I take full responsi-
bility for my actions.”

   "You must admit, Mister Jeriil, that only
a fool would bring an unknown space beast
into a ship.”

   "Only a fool would deny that the cats are
as valuable as uranium in their own way.”
"Now, Mister Jeriil. Be very careful.’’
There was no mistaking the venom in
Elderburg’s speech. In his passionless black
eyes, viciousness lay coilcd. "Your cats have
stopped purification of the crudc ore for
two days. Two days, Mister Scott. We might
have been Earth-bound by this time.”

   Scott leaned over the desk. In a voice
quivering with anger, he said: "Listen to
me. If you. . .

  There was a shocking blast of light.
Stunning volumes of white light poured
from the port behind the Captain’s head.
It blazed too brilliantly for the naked eye.

  With a strangled exclamation, Scott
stumbled for the port, clutching his eyes.
His fingers clawed nervelessly for the light
control.

   There was a sharp snap as the port closed.
They felt, rather than saw, the light flick
abruptly out. Elderburg tore at the door.

   They lurched into the corridor. Green-
yellow lights flashed before their dazzled
eyes. Scott located the wall and began to
run, using his finger tips as guides.

  "A magnesium flare!” The Captain’s
words drove at Scott, hard as fragments of

metal. "What fool set off a magnesium
flare with the Kastil on top of us?”

   They stumbled through the cool corridor
to the second level air lock. As they ap-
proached, the lock clanged open. A space-
suited figure waddled into the corridor. The
helmet opened back, revealing the vivid red
hair of Second Mate Vaugn.

   "Light don’t bother those cats a bit,”
he announced. Then his grin faded.
"What’s the matter?”

  The Captain croaked, "You set off a
flare—when—when the Kastil has been
hunting our claim for weeks. When they’re
right on top of us!”

   Max’s face blanched. "The Kastil! Scott,
you never told me. ...” Sudden cunning
swept his face. "Why didn’t you tell me the
Kastil was so close, Scott? Why did you
tell me to try light on the cats when you
knew—•”

   "Scott told you!” Elderburg snarled. But
at that moment Scott cried out sharply,
pointing out through the port by the air

lock.

   Two miles beyond the Berthat settled a
black cigar. Bluewhite fire flared from its
base. The Kastil!” Scott gasped. Useless
rage flooded his chest. 'The Kastil—and
she’s found us!”

UNDER the hurtling jet, the surface of
the asteroid was a jagged tangle of
stone. Scott, staring tensely from the ob-
servation port, felt a swift moment of won-
der. Two hours since the IPM ship had
landed. And he was in trouble with a
vengeance.

   As lie had left the ship with a party of
picked men, he had felt Elderburg’s cold
eyes on him. Eyes that thought — and
threatened.

   It was easy enough to read the Old Man’s
mind. An officer might make one vital mis-
take. But not two—not introducing the cats
into the ship; not permitting a flare to be
set off. Unless. . . .

   Unless he wanted the Bertha to lose time.
Unless he wanted the Kastil to find the
precious claim.

  Cold raced through Scott’s veins. His
hands locked white about the space helmet
he was about to don. He had to prove his
loyalty. Had to prove that the accidents
70

PLANET STORIES

were accidents. And little time was left, as
the Kastil could load completely in two
days.

   "There’s the pit, Mister Jerill.” The navi-
gator’s voice was strained. "See anybody?”
"Not yet. Set her down.”

  The cargo jet dipped. The vast peaks of
shattered stone sped up at them with ter-
rifying speed. Scott refrained from closing
his eyes, saw the razor-toothed surface of
this shattered world streak toward him.
Ahead, the bulk of the Kastil loomed. They
must have used the ore pits as a landing
narker, he thought. And—what was that?
Motion at the lip of the ore pit.

  The jet grounded hissing on the burnt
landing strip. "Watch it,” Scott warned.
"We got visitors out there.”

  There was an ugly muttering among the
men. As Scott threw open the cargo doors
and dropped to the rocky ground, he saw
the crewmen checking blasters and the
slender polonium tubes that could perma-
nently blind a man.

  He stepped away from the jet. And as he
did so. seven men detached themselves from
the shadows about the mine’s edge, and
strolled toward him. Seven men—two more
than were with Scott. The odds might be
worse, he thought with a sense of relief.

   Cautiously, he loosened the blaster in his
belt. They were tricky weapons to handle
in space gloves, but he’d better be ready to
use it fast.

  "Party from the Bertha?” The words
came thin and metallic into Scott’s helmet.
“Right,” he grunted. "You?”

  "From the Kastil. Who gave you a
clearance to land on our claim?”

   "We have a prior claim on this pit,” Scott
flared. "We have it posted and registered. If
you’re going to mine, find someplace else.”
A giant figure, grimly grotesque in a
cumbersome vacuum suit, swaggered for-
ward. "I don’t see any of your claim posts.”
Scott indicated a tall metal stake glitter-
ing somberly in the glare of the jet’s load-
ing lights.

  The tall man laughed easily, his voicc
thin and far away in Scott’s helmet. "Think
of a better story. We just dug that claimer
in ourselves. Now suppose you people jet
out of here. Ought to be plenty of good
claims someplace else.”

   Scott scarcely heard the sudden bitter
burst of protest from his men. His body felt
light and cool. The blaster pressed hard
against his side. "There are plenty of
good claims,” he said. "You better go find
them.”

  He swung the blaster up in a single
smooth motion.

   The tall man stood very still. They were
not close enough to see each other’s faces.

   Then, high on a plateau of stone above
the tall man’s head, Scott saw the stats
blot out.

   "Scatter!’ As he shouted, he took a giant
leap to the right.

   A blast of energy seared from the dark-
ness. gouging a vast hole where Scott bad

stood.

   From behind a boulder he could see the
fire of the blaster sweep across the upper
edges of the rocks, just at the level where
the stars were cut off.

   For a moment, the cold green line of his
fire flicked harmlessly over naked stone.
Then a thick squirt of fire flared quickly. A
still-born scream died in his earphones.

   The men of the Kastil had dodged away
into the darkness.

   Scott's voice rang out harshly. "I’ll give
you men two minutes to organize and get
out of here. If you’re not out by that time,
we’ll spin our jet around and burn you out.”

   There was a brief stir off in the shadows.

   You’re in a blind alley there,” Scott
continued. "There’s no way out. And we’ll
blast any man who tries to climb out over
the rocks. Is that clear?”

  A glowing flash of energy exploded
against the rock protecting him. There was
no sound, but bits of stone lightly flecked
his suit. Scott braced himself on the rough
face of the boulder and worked the blaster
around for an open shot.

   "No more shooting,” the heavy voice of
the tall man growled. "You Bertha people.
Can you hear me?”

   Yes, Scott said coldly. His eyes probed
the shadows for motion.

   "We’re willing to be peaceful about this.
I’m Captain Randell of the Kastil. There’s
no need for killing when there’s plenty of
ore for all of us.”

   “Not in this pit,” Scott answered. "You
have one minute.”
FELINE RED

71

   All right.” Randell’s voice, distorted as
it was by the tiny radio, carried a sardonic
edge. ‘'We’ll go—from here."

   He sauntered out of the shadows, hands
upraised. From the tangle of stone, his men
crept out to join him. Without haste, inso-
lent in their retreat, they crossed over the

 Pifc-

   At the far side they paused. 'This is the
extent of your so-called claim." Randell’s
voice purred in their ears. "Our claim ex-
tends from this line. And if a man from
the Bertha wants a quick blasting, he can
cross this line.” His radio snapped off with
crisp finality.

   Scott stepped from his shelter.

   ’ All right,” he ordered. "You men know
the story. The Kastil's down here ready for
work. And it’s going to mean work if we're
going to beat her back to Earth. Now, let's
go. But watch your step.”

THEY worked. Eighteen hours a day
they worked. From the steel-like ground
they scoopcd a dozen tons of the, dirty
black uranium ore and sent it hurtling
back to the Bertha.

   But in spite of all their efforts, the more
modern equipment of the Kaslil overtook
them in a day. The blackness on their left
was riddled with the flare of digging
torches and the slender fire-trails of the jets
soaring between the pit and the Kastil,

  And now and again, Randell’s drawling
voicc broke into Scott’s ears. "You’re slow-
ing, up, Bertha. Seventy tons for us today.
Are you poor little men getting tired?" He
clucked sympathetically, then burst into a
yell of laughter. "We’ll have the ore cleaned
off this rock before you get half loaded.”

  But Scott and the men of the Bertha
worked silently, with savage haste, for-
getting sleep and food to keep the tonnage
flowing to their ship. They had almost
forgotten the cats. . . .

   But not for long.

  Staggering with fatigue, Scott swayed
into Central Control, and sagged into a
seat. He had been too long in a space suit.
A dull pounding beat behind his eyes. "I
came as soon as you called the pit, Captain
Elderburg. You sounded pretty urgent.”

  "It’s urgent,” Elderburg said. "We’re
beaten."

   Scott stiffened. Fatigue fell from him as
he gazed closely at the Captain, saw for
the first time the bitter dullness of Elder-
burg’s eyes.

  "You better come with me,” the Old Mar-
said heavily. He rose stiffly, led the way
from the room.

   In silence they shuffled down the corri-
dor toward the engine room. A tic worked
at the corner of the Captain's mouth, but
he did not seem to notice it. "Durval held
the cats off with ultra-sonics. He purified
about ten tons of the stuff and stored it.”
They threaded their way along a chill
black catwalk to the center of the ship. In
the engine room, men slumped sullenly
among the big atomics. As Scott and Elder-
burg passed a group of the black gang,
mutely dangling wrenches, there was a
sudden stir.

  "That’s him!” One of the men had
leaped up. The wrench whipped back over
his shoulder. He leaped raging toward
Scott. "There’s the rotten. . . /'

  "Easy, Billy.” He was dragged back,
disarmed.

   "How’d the Kastil know. . . .**

  The Captain tugged Scott’s arm. "Don’t
bother with them. Come on.”

  Scott nodded numbly, followed, his head
aching and a nameless wave of apprehen-
sion sliding through him. "Where are the
cats?" he asked once.

  Elderburg ignored him. "Put on a radia-
tion suit.”

  They had stopped before a side door of
the main hold. As Scott struggled into the
suit his mind swirled in a chaos of
thoughts. When the suit was adjusted he
dropped the helmet shut and stepped for-
ward. Through the lighter gravity of the
air lock they lumbered. Then Ekkrburg
spun the controls that opened the door.

  "There you are,” he said to Scott. He
sounded completely deflated. No sting re-
mained in his voice.

   Scott stepped forward into the hold, then
froze. His body went cold.

  The hold was a writhing mass of cats.
Their queer angled bodies darted in a
great pile beyond the door. Their red
bodies glowed and twisted strangely. They
flew about a huge stack of lead containers—
uranium cells secured for the long trip home.
72

PLANET STORIES

   And Scott went sick with understanding.
Through rigid lips, he forced the words:
‘'Energy-eaters!”

  The Captain laughed oddly. "And you
wondered how they lived on this naked
rock. They ate the raw ore, of course. No
wonder they hung around Durval’s ma-
chines sucking up what free energy they
could. They broke through the air feeder
system here. No wonder. With cells of
80% pure uranium waiting for them.” His
voice broke.

   "So we’re finished,” he continued. "The
Kastil will be loaded before we can even
clean the cats out. We’re done.”

  He swayed back against the bulkhead.
Scott took his arm.

  "Get away from me.” Elderburg
wrenched away, his loathing clear even be-
hind the bulky suit. "If what the men say
is true. If you sold us out—” His voice
trailed off. "Call your men out of the pits,
Jeriil. We’re blasting off tonight.””

  "No.” Scott leaned forward, his eyes
mere slits behind the lense -of his hei>*iet.
MIs there any uranium left?”

   "We saved two cells.”

   "It’s enough,” Scott snapped. His lean
jaw lifted proudly. "It’s a little late, Cap-
tain. But I can promise to get rid of the
cats in two hours. With the ore deposits
Vaugn and I have collected, we can still
load a good cargo and beat the Kastil out
by at least a day.”

  Elderburg eyed him sharply. "How can
you handle the cats?”

  "Get me a lead-lined box about eight
feet by. . .

   Static blasted shrilly in their ears. The
voice of the ship’s lookout, strained with
excitement, shouted. "Capiain Elderburg.
This is Main Control. Get here fast. An
explosion at Lieutenant JeriH’s mine.”

   As Elderburg leaped for the door with a
muffled roar, the lookout’s voice tautened.
"No. No. Not an explosion. It’s the Kastil.
They’re attacking the mine. They’re attack-
ing the mine.”

THEY crammed into the observation
blister on the Bertha's nose. Scanners
swept smoothly over the wilderness of stone
jutting up between the ship and the mine.
"There's a fire fight going out there.”

Elderburg's square face knotted with anger.
"Scott, take a party. Blow that livid scum
crew off this rock.”

   "Right, sir!’’ Scott bolted from the ob-
servation port. The emergency alarm how led
through the ship. He buckled on a pair of
blasters with unsteady hands, a black fury
sweeping him. He stabbed one long finger
down on the intercom.

   "Masters,” he yelled. "Get the cargo jet
ready. With full battle equipment.”

   "Right, lieutenant. What’s up?”

   "Piracy.” He spun toward the door. Then
jolted to a halt, hands balling at his sides.

  A picture was forming on the Master
Communication Screen.

  Elderburg pounded to his side. "Who
is it?”

   The picture on the screen was very defi-
nite now—a swarthy giant of a man, cyni-
cally grinning down at them. "Gentlemen,”
the figure on the screen said, and Scott
needed no further introduction.

   It was Randell, master of the ship Kastil.
"We’ve had a very entertaining two
days,” Randell said. His thick hands rubbed
easily together. "It’s been a real pleasure
watching you work. But I’m afraid the
pleasure is over. We’re leaving you now.
Oh, that disturbance at your mine pit?” He
laughed, but only with his mouth; the close-
set eyes remained unchanging, watchful.
"It seemed so unnecessary to bother mining
ore when so much of it was stacked near
our pit.”

  "You bloody murdering bandit,” Elder-
burg thundered. "We’ll blast you. . . .**
"You’ll blast nobody. Any party ap-
proaching the Kastil will get blasted. Any
party near the claim—our claim—will get
burned down. By the way, I'm afraid your
men at the mine contracted space-sickness,
or something. They seem to be dead. You
needn’t bother coming after them.”

  He began to chuckle. "I think the ore
my men are bringing in now will just com-
plete our cargo. See you back on Earth."

  The screen went gray. The sound shut
off with a loud click.

  Elderburg swung on Scott. "Take your
men. Clean out that nest of thieves before
they remove any more ore. Order out full
battle gear. We'll blast the Kastil apart if
it takes every man on board this ship.”
FELINE RED

j • I

  "No!” Scott caught Elderburg’s shoulder,
gripped him. "There isn’t time for an
armed attack. I have a better idea.”

  "Scott, I order you to.....”

  'Get me a box,” Scott cried desperately.

"Made of lead and six feet deep.”
Elderburg jerked his shoulder free. His
face contorted. "Get to your cabin, Jerill.
You’re under arrest.”

  "Captain Elderburg, listen to me. We
can. ...”

  "That’s a direct order. Go to your cabin.”
He whirled away from Scott, slammed
down the intercom lever. "Attention all
hands. Prepare full battle equipment. . .

  Scott slashed his blaster hard across the
back of the Captain’s head. Elderburg stag-
gered, clutched the back of the seat. Scott
hit him again. Elderburg’s legs went loose.
He toppled face forward, struck the inter-
com and sagged to the floor.

  Scott stepped to the intercom. "Atten-
tion. All men, prepare full battle equip-
ment and stand by. Stand by. Durval, get
the largest lead-lined box you have and set
it outside the entrance of the main cargo
hatch. Shake it up. We have half an hour
till the Kastil jets off.”

  He cut off the intercom, lugged Elder-
burg to the chart room and locked him
inside.

THE hold was beastly hot. Standing inside
the hatchway, holding suspended over
his head a three-foot long cell of uranium
ore, Scott felt a moment of shuddering
panic. Over the storage cells along the wall,
over the tumbling bodies of the cats, an
eerie glow quivered—the menacing flare
of radio-activity.

  Scott glanced nervously at the forward
screen. Chief Durval waved toward him.
"Your men ready, Durval?”

  The Chief nodded. "Don’t go getting
yourself hurt now, Scott.”

  Scott grinned although he did not feel
much like grinning.

  He shuffled forward under the light
gravity of the hold. The uranium cell bal-
anced easily in his hands. Too easily. He
could scarcely feel it press against his
gloves. The heat control in his suit was
jammed again. His hands streamed sweat.
He inched past the cats. A quick cold

thrill passed through his stomach. With tin.
energy of the ore almost gone, the scarlet
beasts were growing increasingly uneasy.
They were casting about for a new supply.
It would be easy enough for a foot to slip,
he thought. To spill the ore across the floor.
New food for the cats—and the loss of the
Bertha's last chance as strange space beasts
sucked away the last purified ore.

  He slipped cautiously past the last row
of cells. A quick dash now for the open
hatchway beyond. . . .

  Half a dozen of the bounding red beasts
surged about his feet. Their weight drove
his right leg forward. He staggered, caught
at his balance. The lead cell above his head
began to slip.

  "Watch it, Scott!” Durval’s voice cracked
in his ears.

  Straining every muscle against the queer
weightlessness of no gravity, Scott struggled
**T tlgain his balance. He expected another
blow at his legs as the cats leaped for the
ore. It was hard to breathe the over-heated
air of his suit.

  But the cats had spun away. As he caught
his balance, he stared after them, uncompre-
hending for an instant. The cats ran twist-
ing in a somehow sinister dance. The
bodies were queerly bloated. Down the
upper portion of their bodies ran a heavy
indentation. As they leaped and twisted, ih'c-
indentation became a fissure, a crevice.

  Then two of the beasts leaped, slammed
together in mid-air. But more than two cats
fell to the floor.

  Their sharply angled bodies whisking
back toward the depleted uranium cells,
four cats appeared with shocking sudden-
ness.

  Reproduction. Elemental fission.

  Scott had to clean them out, and fast.
Soon the ship would be overrun with the
energy-hungry felines.

  He dashed toward the open hatch. Out-
side the opening, a great lead box, eight
feet by eight feet, gaped upward. Beyond,
four men tensely supported a vast lead
cover.

  "Is the uranium poured into the box?”
he barked sharply.

  *'Yes5 sir. All ready, Mister Jerill.”

  “Good.” Turning from the hatch, he
inverted his cell, poured out the uranium
74

PLANET STORIES

ore in a thick stream from the open hatch
back across the hold toward the scrambling
mass of cats upon the now empty rows of
cells.

   But he never reached the beasts.

  A brawling torrent of animals leaped
toward him. Hurling the container into
their mass, he leaped to one side. They
lunged into the trail of ore. Rolled, leaped,
■darted along the line. At the hatch edge,
t pyramiding mass of cats paused a moment.
Then plummeted over. Scott fell back
against the bulkhead, his eyes fixed on the
cits still scavenging among the empty cells.

   Then these too were darting for the trail
of ore. The uranium was scattered now. Cats
plunged toward the new radiation in the
box beyond the hold entrance.

   The inarticulate cheers of Durval and his
men rang in Scott’s helmet. But his mind
was already working at the next step of the
problem.

   "Durval,” he ordered. "Get a decontami-
nation unit in here. Clean this placc- out/'
Cats poured in a frenzied stream from the
ship. "Call Mister Vaugn. Start purification
of his ore as soon as it arrives."

   Past the hatch, he saw the swift flash of
die lead top dropping over the box. Excite-
ment pounded hotly in his throat.

   T’m going to get rid of these cats once
tad for all,’' he called. "Be back in an
hour.’*

   "But what about the Kastil?”

   "We’ll worry about the Kast/l later. Get
that ore purified. We’re blasting out of here
ie forty hours.**

   He swung frem the cargo entrance to the
top of the lead box. Under his feet, the lid
trembled with the frantic struggling of the
cats. "Load this crate in the cargo jet,” he
cried. "And hurry. We only have half an
hour left.”

THE pounding of the jets matched the
pounding of the blood in Scott’s
temples. "When we land,” he instructed,
“get this crate out fast. Everything depends
on how fast you can take the cats down to
the pit. I want you to bury it as fast as you
can. Understand?"

   He glanced sharply about the group, feel-
ing their eyes clinging to him.

  "Get as much rubbish on the crate as

possible. And then obey every order I give
you as fast as possible no matter how foolish
the order may seem.”

  The jet thundered down over the land-
ing strip, rasped to a halt. "Out,” roared
Scott. "Fast. Make it fast.”

  The loading compartment swung open.
But as the men lifted the crate toward the
door, the jet’s intercom burst into life.
“Jerill. Jerill, this is Captain Elderburg. I
order you to return at once.”

   Elderburg had freed himself too quickly.
"This is a criminal offense, Jerill. Come
back at once.”

  "Get that crate out,” Scott roared.
"Hurry. Hurry!”

  "Mister Jerill,' blared the intercom.
"You are under arrest, according to the
Articles of Space, for conspiracy, armed
assault. ...” Scott cut the voice off in mid-
sentence. He leaped into the hold, threw his
weight behind the box. "Quick. Get it to
the pit.”

  The men lumbered off into the darkness.
Even with the light gravity of the asteroid,
it was difficult to handle the crate as the
scrambling cats pitched it from side to side.

  Scott scaled a boulder. The hulk of the
Kastil loomed just beyond, dark and threat-
ening. A thin square of light showed at
their cargo entrance. They were still com-
pleting loading.

  "Hurry,” Scott muttered feverishly.
"Hurry.”

  The men reached the pit. Carefully,
slowly, they lowered the crate into the
shadows.

   Sweat streaming down his face, Scott tore
his eyes from the Kastil hatch, grimly
watched as his men scooped rubbish into
the pit.

  A motion in the darkness. Out where no
motion should be. Movement among the
sunless stones.

   Scott’s breathing stopped.

  A group of men closing in toward the
cargo jet. Men racing out of the shadows.
Men of the Kastil.

   "Stop,” Scott shouted frantically into his
radio. "Get that crate back to the jet. Get it
out of the pit. Back to the jet. It’s too late.
Harry. Hurry!”

  For a single astounded moment the men
paused. Then, sweeping the rubble from
FELINE RED

75

the crate, they fumbled it toward the surface
of the pit.

  Scott leaped down among them. Pushed.
“They’re going to trap us.” The crate struck
on the pit’s edge. Scott seized one end,
forced it up over. "Grab that other end,
Masters. Move, man. Don't argue. Move!”
Staggering over the uneven ground, they
lurched toward the jet.

   "I think you ought to rest for a moment.”
It was the cool voice of Randell, who
stepped from the darkness with a blaster
turned full on them.

CREWMEN from th<? Kastil poured from
among the rocks. Their blasters swung
a menacing ring about Scott and his men.

  "Step back away from the crate.” Ran-
dell stepped forward, tapped his blaster
against the side of the box. “Now what do
we have here.”

  "Keep away from that,” Scott snarlc-d.
"That’s property of the Bertha.”

   "Is it?” Randell turned carelessly to his
men. "Property of the Bertha," he drawled.
"Well, we’d better have a look at it now.
To make sure you haven’t accidentally sal-
vaged some of the Kastil*s equipment. Oh,
quite by accident, I understand.”

  He began to loosen the screw-clamps of
the lid.

  "Stop!” Scott leaped forward, no longer
conscious of the weapons swinging on him.
He dropped his hand upon the box.

   '"Iliis is mine,” he said. "I forbid you to
touch it.”

"Have you ever seen a man die of a
blaster bolt?” Randell asked. "Step back.”
The men of the Bertha fell back. Their
shoulders touched the toothed rim of stone
about the pit.

  Randell chuckled. "Perhaps it’s just as

well we didn’t blast off when we were
loaded. There was always a chance you’d
found something else of value here.”

He flicked the muzzle of the blaster
about. "If you don’t mind, we’ll inspect this
crate in a better light. Back at the Kastil "
Triumph leaped through Scott. "This is
piracy,” he said, and sounded sincere.

  "Piracy is what is proven,” Randell
laughed. "Do you really think you have a
case in our courts?” He sighed softly.
"Now, thank you for this unexpected
pleasure. And good-bye. We’ll see each
other again on Earth, perhaps.”

  Then they were gone and immediately
afterward, the Kastil, balancing on a white
line of flame, leaped away from the asteroid
and flashed out past the stars.

   Scott stared after it, a faint smile touch-
ing his lips. About him rang the triumphant
laughter of the crew.

  Som^ie gripped Scott’s shoulder. "Cap-
tain Elderberg on the intercom, Mister
Scott. I just told him. And—congratula-
tions, sir.”

  Scott grinned. Entering the jet, he faced
the intercom, said: "It's over now, Captain.”
"Good work, Mister Scott.” Elderburg’s
voice was unsteady. "How did you do it?’*
"Pretended to be taking something of
value,” Scott said. He relaxed back against
the seat. "I knew Randell couldn’t resist
making a clean sweep of everything we had.
So I gave him the chance.”

  Elderburg’s laugh filled the cabin. "And
when they open the crate. . .

  "Good-bye uranium,” Pale eyes smiling,
Scott waved a knotted fist. "And now, sir,
we’re going to start mining ore. This is our
claim now. And we’ll be blasting out of
here in forty hours with the biggest load of
uranium ore Earth ever got its hands on.”
Narakan Rifles, About Face!

By JAN SMITH

         Those crazy, sloppy, frog-like Narakans . . . all thumbs and
         six-inch skulls . . . relics of the Suzi swamps. Until four-fisted
         Lt. Terrence O'Mara moved among them—lethal, danger-
         ous, with a steady purpose flaming in his volcanic eyes.

Terrence omara lay flat on his

back trying to keep his big body as
still as possible. Despite the fact that
he was stripped to his regulation shorts, a
large pool of sweat had formed on the
cot underneath him. The only movement
he permitted himself was an occasional
pursing of his lips as he dragged on a ciga-
rette and sent a swirl of smoke upward
through the heavy humid air. Then he
would just lie there watching as the smoke
crept up to mingle with the large drops of

water that were forming on the concrete
of the command post.

  "Damn! Damn Naraka, anyway! Outpost
of civilization! Who'd want the blasted
place except the Rumi?”

  At the words, Terrence moved his head
just a fraction of an inch and his eyes only
a little farther to look across the room to
where Bill Fielding was twisting and turn-
ing on his cot. All he could sec of the other
mao was the wet outline of his body under
a once white sheet and a hand that every

73

PLANET STORIES

so often reached into a bucket of water on
the floor and then replaced a soaking T-
xhiri over a red head.

   "You’il feel it less if you lie still,” Ter-
rence said, distressed at the necessity for
talking.

   "Feel it less! My God, listen to the man!
What difference does it make if you lie still
or move around or even run around in the
suns like a bloody Greenback? Dust Bin
will get you one way or another . . . and
if it doesn’t, the Rumi will."

  The visible hand lifted the T-shirt and
began to pop salt tablets into an open
mouth like they were so many pepper-
mints.

  'T wonder where Norton is. Out review-
ing the troops?”

  "Reviewing, my eye. He’s up at Govern-
ment House sitting in that cool living room
drinking one of Mrs. Wilson’s icy drinks
and admiring Mrs. Wilson’s shapely legs.
From a discreet distance, of course. Being
temporary Commanding Officer of even
Dust Bin has its privileges!" .

  There was a rattle of drums and the
blare of one or two off-key instruments
from outside.

  "Then why,” asked Terrence, "are those
poof beggars marching up and down in
this blasted heat?”

  "The Greenbacks? They love it! It would
take more than a little heat to get under
those inch-thick skins of theirs. They like to
play soldier when it’s a hundred and thirty
under water.”

  There were a few more straggling notes
and then die semblance of a march began.

  ’"Listen to that, w’ill you?” Fielding
moaned, "They can’t even keep time with a
drum! They can’t march, they can't shoot,
they can’t break down a Banning; they’re
all thumbs and six-inch thick skulls. 'Train
local forces to take over’! Bali! Did those
desk jockeys back in New Chicago ever see
a Greenback? Did they ever try to teach a
Narakan to fix a bayonet to the proper end
of x rifle or to fire a blaster in the right
direction?”

TERRENCE was lighting another cigar-
ette with as little exertion as possible.
"Yes, but they keep trying. Ten hours a day.
You don’t have to drive those boys. They

want to learn. Listen to O’Shaughnessy bark-
ing out orders."

  "Sergeant Major O’Shaughnessy of the
First Narakan Rifles!” Fielding murmured
sarcastically. "A year- ago he was squatting
in a mud cocoon at the bottom of Suzi
swamp with the rest of the frogs. Now he’s
got a good Irish name and he’s strutting
around like a Martian Field Marshal.”

  "I thought the names might give them a
sense of self respect. Besides we couldn’t
pronounce theirs and I was tired of hearing
Norris yell 'Hey, greenboy!’ at them.”
"Well, they picked the right guy when
they made you Training Officcr. You and
those damn frogs get along like you came
from the same county!"

   "They aren’t any great shakes for brains
but you can’t take anything away from me
bys for willingness.”

  "Willingness! Hooray! They’re willing,
so what? So is a Suzi Swamp lizard. What’ll
it get them? A week after they pull the
Terran forces out, the Rumi will gobble up
the lot of them. Maybe they’ll gobble them
and us before we pull out. Who could fight
in this place? Who’d want to fight? I say,
to hell with Naraka! It’s so near to hell
already with those two blasted suns blazing
sixteen hours a day. Let the Rumi have the
stinking planet! Let them have the whole
Centaurian System!”

  "Speaking of pulling out, I wouldn’t be
surprised if Dust Bin wasn’t the next place
we let go of . .

  Fielding raised himself on one elbow,
"No kidding? Where did you hear that?”
His sunburned and blistered face was alight
with excitement.”

  "Well, you know how it’s been. When we
first came here twenty years back, we drove
the Rumi out of all this country and more
or less took their cat feet off the Narakan’s
backs but now that so much of the Earth
garrison has been pulled all the way back
into the Solar System, the Rumi are acting
up again. So much so that die dope I got is
that we may be pulling everything back into
die Little Texas peninsula to wait for re-
inforcements and it will take four years for
those to come out from Mars.’*

   "Great! Great! But . . . Ah, it's too good
to be true. Can’t you just picture Fielding
and O’Mara parading down Dobi street in
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

79

New Chicago with their first lieutenant bars
on their collars? Say, you don't suppose
that’s why the Sun Maid is sticking around
out here, do you? Imagine, free transpor-
tation! A two hour trip to New Chi!”
lTd sure hate to march those two hun-
dred miles at this time of year!"

   '‘March? Through those swamps? Every
time we run a patrol through them . .

   Fielding was interrupted by a knock on
the door and a skinny young Terran with
sergeant’s chevrons on his shorts stuck his
head through from the other room and said,.
"Major Chapelle’s on the voice radio, sir.
He’s calling from battalion headquarters
and wants Captain Norton.”

   "Tell him Norton’s up playing footsies
with the Resident’s wife,” Fielding said,
"You’d think those people down at the river
would have enough to do without bothering
us in the heat of the day, wouldn’t you?”
The sergeant looked shocked and started
to withdraw his head. Terrence frowned
Fielding into silence and called to the ser-
geant, "Just a minute, Rogers. I’ll talk to
the Major.”

   Major Chapelle was a thickset, balding
man in his late forties. Even the blazing
suns of Naraka hadn’t succeeded in burning
the sickly yellow color off his face. In the
vision screen he looked like a man on his
last legs. Whatever was wrong with him
didn’t help his temper, Terrence thought
as he lowered himself gently into a seat
before the screen.

   "O’Mara! Where in hell is Norton?" he
demanded.

   "Well, sir, you see ...” began Terrence.
"Never mind! I’ve a pretty good idea
where he is. A fine time to be chasing
skirts! Well, get this straight, O’Mara.
Orders have come through and we’re pull-
ing the battalion out. We’re ordered back
to Little Texas. We’re going to give up
these positions along the river tonight and
pull back into Dust Bin. The Sun Maid will
stand by to evacuate us. You people are to
come too. Everybody has to get out, both
the military and civilians. All hell’s broken
loose down river. The Rumi are across the
Muddy in half a dozen places. They’ve cut
the 5 th to pieces. New Chicago thinks that
those cats have been bringing troops in from
space all along despite the agreement by

both sides not to do so. And now they have
us way outnumbered.” The Major’s voice
held a thin edge of hysteria.

   "Is there any action along our front,
Major?” Terrence asked quickly, hoping to
stop the flow of talk before Chapelle’s
hysteria communicated itself to the enlisted
men who were sitting or lying about the
command post.

   "Not yet; just patrols across the river so
far. We’ve got to get out, O’Mara, and get
out fast. They’ll be all over us if we don’t.
The Colonel says for Norton to have every-
thing ready to go. He wants the depot
destroyed. Everything’s got to go, everything
we can’t take along. The Sun Maid won’t
have time for more than one trip. He wants
the HQ company and the civilians on board
by tomorrow morning at the latest.”

   "What about the Rifles, sir?”
   j’What? The what?”

   "The native troops, sir. lire Narakan
Rifles.” Terrence grated.

  "The Rifles? Good God, man! Wc
haven’t time for nonsense, lie Rifles are
only Greenbacks, aren't they? You get
Norton started burning those stores.”
Terrence put down the microphone ray
carefully to keep from slamming it down
and stalked back into his quarters. Angrily
he began to take his radiation clothing from
its hooks on the wall.

   "What the devil is eating you?” de-
manded Bill Fielding.

   "We’re pulling out, lock, stock and
barrel,” Terrence told him.

  "Pulling out? Whoweee! I knew Mrs.
Fielding didn’t raise her boy to be a fried
egg. Goodbye, Dust Bin! Hello, New Chi!"
Bill was up on his hands and knees pound-
ing on his cot. "But what's the matter with
you? You like this place?”

   "They’re leaving the Rifles,” Terrence
said, zipping up his protective coveralls as
he left the room.

II

STEPPING outside on Naraka with the
full power of Alpha and Beta Centauri j
beating down was like stepping into a rivet
of fire. Even with the cooling unit in his
suit, Terrence was aware of the searing heat
that filled the parade ground Looking off
80

PLANET STORIES

across the makeshift native huts, he could
see the bright sides of a huge space ship-like
object. The big dirigible Sun Maid was lying
in an open field. It’s a funny world, he
thought to himself, where you have to use
dirigibles for planetary travel. But a diri-
gible was the only practical aircraft when
you had to use steam turbine engines be-
cause of the lack of gasoline and the
economic impracticability of transporting it
in the limited cargo holds of the occasional
spacers that came out from Sol.

  The Narakan Rifle? were marching toward
him now, the band doing absolutely nothing
for The Wearing of the Green. Three hun-
dred big, green bodied, beady eyed, frog-
like creatures were marching in the boiling
heat with their non-coms croaking out
orders in English which might have come
out of Alice in Wonderland,

  As they marched by him, he snapped a
salute. Watching them closely he tried to
find two men who were in step with each
other or one man who had his rifle at the
right angle. Unable to find either, he stood
there conscious of failure; failure which
went beyond mere military precision how-
ever, Sloppiness at review could have been
overlooked if he had been able to find that
the Narakans had any ability as fighting
men but after a year of training they seemed
almost as hopeless as they had at first. It
wasn't that they were completely unintelli-
gent. In fact, other than the Galactic travel-
ing Rumi, they were the only extra-solar
race of intelligent beings encountered by
man so far. It was just, he thought, that the
hundreds of years during which the Rumi
had dominated their planet had reduced the
Narakans to a state of almost complete
ineptitude.

   He stood there as they passed in review-
three times because he knew that his pres-
ence pleased and encouraged them. Then he
turned, and with dragging feet made his
way down Dust Bin’s single street toward
Government House.

  In a few minutes he was standing in the
cool, air conditioned living room of the
Wilsons. Wilson was seated at his desk
rummaging through some papers while
Norris and Mrs. Wilson were lounging in
contour chairs admiring each other over tall,
frosty drinks.

   They took the news just as he expected
them to. Wilson ran his hand through his
sparse, gray hair and murmured something
about it being a shame to have to leave
the natives on their own after having more
or less dragged them out of their com-
fortable swamps. A glance from his wife
silenced him.

   "What the hell," Norris said, "they’re
only blasted thick witted Greenbacks.”

   Mrs. Wilson yawned, It'll be something
of a bother packing but it’ll certainly be a
pleasure to get back to New Chicago. Some
women’s husbands get good posts in half-
way civilized parts of the Universe. I don’t
know why I should always have to be stuck
in every backwater, hick town there is.”
Wilson smiled apologetically, "Now,
dear ...” he began but was interrupted by
the sudden ringing of the telephone on the
table near Norris' chair.

   ''Get that, will you, O'Mara?” the captain
said, making 110 attempt to reach for it, "It’s
probably the Command Post.”

   Terrence put the phone to his ear angrily
and growled into it. An excited Bill Field-
ing was on the line. "Terry? Is that you?
Fielding here. Hell's breaking loose. There's
a bunch of blasted Rumi trying to force
their way into town. They attacked the
sentries down this way and may be heading
for your end of town too.’’

  Terrence dropped the phone and headed
for the door. ' Rumi!" lie shouted and there
were shouts and cries from outside in an-
swer. Then he heard the clack, clack, clack
of Rumi spring guns. Windows of the
room crashed in and Wilson collapsed
across his desk. Norton grabbed Mrs. Wil-
son and pulled her down onto the floor.
Terrence dropped to his hands and knees
and continued toward the door as he drew
his forty-five.

SOMEWHERE, someone had cut loose
with a Banning and its high whine
drowned out the clack of the spring guns.
With a quick look around, Terrence started
at a run for the next building which was the
native schoolhouse. He didn’t make it.
There was a clack, clack from oif to his left
and he threw himself forward, skidding
and sliding in the dust and gravel of the
street. A warehouse across the square was
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

81

on fire and three Rumi had darted from
behind it. In one brief glance he saw those
long barreled spring guns of theirs and the
tall, graceful bodies and the feline faces
under the plastic protective clothing.

  He snapped four shots at them and saw
one fall. Then he began to slither along the
ground raising enough dust to mask his
movements. There were half a dozen of
them in the square when he reached the rear
door of the schoolhouse. Several gleaming
plastic bolts smashed into the wooden outer
door a second after he had raised up to open
it and then had dropped back down.

  Norton fired from the residency and mo-
mentarily scattered the Rumi and Terrence
was inside the school room and racing for
the side window from which lie could get
a clear line of fire at the raiders. He had a
brief glimpse of Joan Allen, the school
teacher, standing in a corner of the room
with the tiny green figures of native chil-
dren huddled around her. Then he was at
a window and had beaten out the heavy pro-
tective glass and was firing into a mass of
the catmen, firing and cursing as his gun
emptied. He cursed in a stream of Martian,
English and Greenback profanity as he
forced another clip into the gun.

  "Lieutenant O’Mara, if you’ll be so kind
as to restrain your language in front of
these children,” a voice said from over his
shoulder.

  Terrence reached back and felt something
soft and forced it over against the wall out
of the line of the window. Then he risked
a quick look which was almost his last. A
spring gun bolt burned a groove in the
windowsill next to his head and smashed
into the blackboard across the room.

  "Lieutenant O’Mara, would you mind
telling me what this is all about?” came the
same calm determined woman’s voice from
beside him. He fired again at a darting
figure across the square and saw it stumble
before he had to drop to his haunches as
the window above him was smashed and
scattered by bolts and glass rained down
about his head.

  He put another clip into his gun and
cursed because he had only two left. He
turned his bead briefly and had a quick
glimpse of a white face framed in straight

6—Planet—January

dark hair and a small, neat figure in a
yellow dress.

  "Rumi attack. One of their patrols must
have gotten around the battalion.”

  A husky, whimpering little sound made
him look down. A .native child or pollywog
as the Terrans called them was clinging
desperately to the teacher’s skirt. His tiny
webbed feet clutched at the cloth as be
buried his face against her leg. From behind
her peered still another child, its'baby frog
face working spasmodically in the begin-
nings of a sob. Six or seven others were lying
flat on the floor their bodies trembling in
terror.

  Terrence took another look outside and
what he saw sent him into another stream
of cursing. The Narakan Rifles were hurry-
ing to the scene of action. Down the middle
of the street they came in a column of
fours with their drums and bugles blaring
out a poor imitation of The Wearing of the
Green. Their standard bearer was running
at the head of the column beside Sergeant
Major O'Shaughnessy.

  "Oh, my God! He wouldn't. . . !M

   "Lieutenant, please!”

   Teacher, will you shut up!” he roared as
he leaped across the room toward the front
door. At the harsh tone of his voice, the
whimpering sounds in the room suddenly
burst forth in full volume as the ten poily-
wogs raised their hoarse voices into full
throated croaks.

   Terrence braced his body against the wall
and held his gun ready as he pulled open
the door. In parade formation his men were
moving up the street and in a moment they'
would be away from the buildings’ protec-
tion and directly in the Rumi line of fire.

  O'Shaughnessy, you idiot!” he roared
above the croaking from behind him and
the rattle of firing outside.

  O'Shaughnessy came to a skidding halt
almost directly in front of the schoolhouse
but his men kept on going, their faces set
and determined. O’Shaughnessy came to
attention and snapped a salute.

   "Yes, sir, Mr. Lieutenant.”

  "Halt! Damn it, HALT! Terrence yelled
at the column of greenbacks. Their forma-
tion crumbled as they ran into each other,
stepped on each other’s feet and pushed
and shoved. But they halted.
PLANET STORIES

82

  "0‘Shaughnessy! Break ranks.. . . take
cover. . . . line of skirmishers!" Terrence
shouted and hit the dirt behind a sandbox
in the schoolyard as the Rumi resumed
firing. There was a mad scramble among
the Narakans as they scattered behind walls
and into buildings, moving with an in-
credibly rapid jumping motion which they
used when in a hurry.

  Terrence was so glad to see only one
sprawled figure in the dust of the street that
he just lay there for a few seconds spitting
dust before he realized that he had for-
gotten to close the face visor of his radia-
tion clothing.

THERE was a slight clucking sound from
beside him and when he turned he
found O’Shaughnessy lying almost beside
him, squinting along his carbine. Hie Nara-
kan’s face split into two replicas of the map
of Ireland and he saluted flat handed, his
webbed fingers at just the proper angle.

   "O’Shaughnessy, you don’t have to salute
when you're lying down!” O’Mara tried to
keep his voice as calm as possible.

  "Yes, sir, Mr. Lieutenant. Pretty quick
we fight now?”

  His lieutenant ignored him and searched
for signs of life in the houses across the
square. There wasn’t a Rumi in sight except
for one on the roof of a shed next to the
burning warehouse. He tried a couple of
shots with his automatic and missed. He
grabbed O’Shaughnessy’s carbine and
dropped the creature as it tried to scramble
off the shed.

  "Pretty soon we fight with bayonet?”
O’Shaughnessy asked as Terrence handed
back the carbine.

  "O’Shaughnessy, why do you do things
like this to me, me who took you out of
your damn mud hole and made a soldier
out of you?"

  O'Shaughnessy’s mouth formed a huge
round moon, “Not understand, Lieuten-
ant. ...” he began but he was ignored again
as Terrence stared across the street in pained
disbelief to where the heavy weapons squad
of the Narakan Rifles was gathered in a
huddled group behind a native house,
struggling to set up their Banning Auto-
matic Blaster and two machine guns. One
ot the men was down on his hands and

knees balancing the heavy barrel of the
blaster on his back while two others were
attempting to push the ponderous breech
onto it by main strength. The two machine
guns were half on and half oft their tripods.
The leg of one of them had been bent in
the wrong direction and the other was so
covered with grease that the parts wouldn t

fit together.

   “Oh, Lord!” moaned Terrence and was
bracing himself for a dash across the street
when a figure in Terran battle armor came
around the building on the run, dodging
and crawling as spring bolts raised the dust
in front of him. It was the short, stout Gun-
nery Sergeant, Polasky. Terrence breathed
a sigh of relief.

  He turned to O’Shaughnessy, "Now,
Sergeant, this is our problem. Those build-
ings over there are filled with Rumi. They
have automatic weapons . . . spring guns
firing a clip of twenty plastic bolts. They’re
deadly at close to medium range. They can
penetrate our battle armor.” He looked at
the thick, knobby skin of the Narakan,
“Yours too. Now, they are probably just a
patrol about the size of one of our com-
panies. They don’t seem to have any heavy
weapons and ours will be in action in a few
minutes. Then, O'Shaughnessy. . . The
Narakan was squinting along the barrel of
his rifle.

   “Are you paying attention, Sergeant?”

   “Yes, sir! Attention, yes, sir.” O’Shaugh-
nessy started to lift his bulky three hundred
pounds up off the ground. Terrence heaved
with all his might against those thick khaki
clad legs to knock him down again.

   "Man, what are you doing?” he yelled.

   "Attention, sir. Sir said . .

   "No, no, O’Shaughnessy. I meant, listen
to me. O’Shaughnessy, how could you?
Haven’t I been like a brother to you? Didn’t
I share my whiskey and candy ration with
you?”

   "Yes, sir. That’s why . .

   "Then for the sake of your two headed
frog-faced gods, shut up and listen to me.”

   "Yes, sir.”

   "Look. In a minute our Banning will be
in action,” his voice was drowned out by
the scream of tortured air as the Banning
cut loose. “Now there is a sweet sound.
What do we do next, O’Shaughnessy?”
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

83

   One of the row of buildings across the
square glowed red briefly as the beam from
the Blaster caught it; glowed red and then
burst into a ball of fire. O’Shaughnessy's
mouth was open wide, his chinless face
resting on the edge of the sandbox and his
little black bead eyes were as large as they
could get.

   "What do we do now, O'Shaughnessy . ..
come on . . .”

  The Narakan made a thrusting gesture
with his carbine, "Bayonet ... we go in
with bayonet now%M he said.

  O’Mara slapped him on the seat of his
khaki pants. "No, no. You got to get this
stuff straight.”

  The whine of the Banning interrupted
him again and it was joined by the chattcr
of machine guns and rifle fire and answered
by the rapid clacking of spring guns. Bolts
dug into the wall of the schoolhouse and
showered them with plaster. Others shat-
tered the front window. Terrence wiped
plaster off his visor and tried again. "You’ve
got to get this straight, O’Shaughnessy,
because . . . well, because you may be
getting an independent command pretty
soon and there won't be anyone around to
tell you what to do.”

  The Narakan was listening to him
but wide-mouthed and uncomprehending.
"We’re going to bum them out of those
huts; burn them out or burn the houses
down over their heads. About the time
Polasky gets to the third one, those guys are
going to break and then they’ll either rush
us or . .

  Norton was yelling something from the
Residency. There was a noise of clanking
armor behind him and he could hear Field-
ing’s voice cracking out orders as he came
up with twenty hastily armed and armored
clerks, cooks and radiomen from the HQ
unit.

  "O’Mara! O’Mara, they’re breaking!
They’re running! Let’s go!” Norton was on
the porch of the Residency pouring Tommy
gun slugs at the rear of the burning row of
houses.

   ’’Okay, let’s go.” Terrence said, lurching
to his feet. The Narakan sergeant blew his
whistle and the riflemen swarmed out from
their shelters and started at a run across
the square with Norton, Terrence and

O’Shaughnessy at their head. The rest of
the Terrans in full battle armor lumbered
along after them.

  One or two bolts whistled overhead and
Corporal O’Brien dropped his rifle and fell
forward clutching his leg. The smoke from
the burning buildings obscured their vision
but Terrence had a momentary sight of
Rumi radiation clothing and emptied his
clip at it.

  Someone from behind threw a grenade
which fell short of its target and rolled in
front of them. Norton took two quick
strides and kicked it into one of the flaming
buildings.

Ill

THERE were about twenty Rumi, less
than they had thought, fleeing across the
open fields behind the burning huts. They
were firing as they ran and giving out those
queer yelping cries of theirs. Three or four
of them fell and then Norton was shouting*
calling back his men to organize fire fight-
ing parties.

  "Captain! Captain, let’s go after those
guys. We can cut them oft before they get
to the grasslands,” Terrence yelled.

   "Get your men after these fires, O’Mara.
We can’t let them spread.”

  There was nothing to do but obey but he
delayed long enough to empty his automatic
in the general direction of the fleeing Rumi.
Then he turned and yelled, "Harrigan!
Sergeant Harrigan! Where in the devil is
that . . There was a crashing sound
behind him and Harrigan stumbled through
the smoke and came down on his foot, all
three hundred pounds of him.

   Later, as the last smoking embers of the
fire were being smothered by industrious
squads of Narakans with buckets and
shovels, Terrence limped back across the
square with Bill Fielding.

  "We should have gone after those lousy
scum” Bill said, "They may cut back around
the town again and give the battalion some-
trouble on the river road.”

  "Don’t you think I know it! As fast as
the Greenbacks can move when they want
to, we could have caught the lot of them
before they got into the grasslands. But
Norton was worried about the fires! Of
84

PLANET STORIES

course, we’re going to burn all these build-
ings tomorrow or the next day but Norton
was afraid the Residency would catch fire.”
"Probably didn’t want his sweetie’s fancy
clothes to burn.”

   "They got Wilson, you know.”

   "Good Lord! Dead?”

   "Right between the eyes. They almost
got all four of us.”

   Fielding took his heavy battle helmet off
and pushed back the glass visor of his radia-
tion helmet to wipe the perspiration and dirt
oft" his face. "Well, maybe Norton didn't
want us to catch those damn cats. Maybe
he figured he owed them that much.”
O’Mara shielded his eyes as he said,
"Beta's setting. It’ll be night in a couple
of hours and we can walk around without
this blasted radiation armor for a while.”
"Yeah, and we can start looking for a
full scale night attack as soon as good old
Alpha hides his hoary head.”

   "If you see O’Shaughnessy, tell him I
want to see him, will you? I’m going to stop
at the schoolhouse for a few minutes.”
Surprise spread across Bill's freckled face,
"Not the school teacher? Not you! Buddy,
you’ve been in Dust Bin too long. You’ve
been on Naraka too long. You’ll be attend-
ing services at the Chapel next.”

   Terrence muttered a few old Anglo-Saxon
words under his breath and limped off in
the direction of the school building.

THE Reverend Ames Goodman was the
smallest Narakan that Terrence had ever
seen. The Johnathian missionary from Little
Texas was somewhat under two hundred
and fifty pounds which was slight for a
Greenback. He also spoke the best English
except for some of the big shots in New
Chicago.^ Ordinarily he was a composite of
supcrst:Jous reverence and natural dignity
which Terrence had always found admir-
able. Today, however, he couldn't have
appeared more ludicrous if he had tried.
He was dressed for a visit to the Residency
in a white duck suit which was too small
and out of which he bulged in a number of
surprising places.

   He and Joan Allen were talking half in
Engliih and half in Narakan as the lieu-
tenant entered. The minister had a painfully
surprised look on his round green face.

   "I hope we didn’t bust up your school
too much, Miss Allen.”

   "If you are quite finished with your
shooting and cursing, Lieutenant O’Mara,
perhaps you have time to explain to Rev.
Goodman and me what this talk about evacu-
ation means.”

   As she spoke, she brushed stray strands
 of black hair up under her radiation helmet.
 For the first time in the six months that she
 had been in charge of the orphan school in
 Dust Bin, Terrence decided that maybe she
 was pretty after all. He wasn’t sure whether
 it was the high color which excitement lent
 to her usually pale face or if Bill Fielding
 was right in saying he had been on Naraka
 too long, but Joan Allen was beginning to
 look good to him. At the moment the
 feeling wasn’t at all mutual.

   ' Is it true that the Defense Force is
 pulling out and leaving the rest of us to
 the Rumi?”

   Terrence took off his helmet and let the
 rapidly cooling air strike his head. "Not
 exactly, teacher,” he said, "The Fifth is
 pulling out but so are all the Terrans in
 Dust Bin. Everyone’s being ordered back to
 Little Texas. That’s why the Sun Maid is
 standing by.”

   "All the Terrans, Lieutenant? What
about the people here who depend on us?
What about my children?”

   O'Mara somehow couldn’t quite look
either of them in the face. He muttered
something about having to get back to his
command post and started out the door.
Joan called after him as she noticed his
limp, "Lieutenant, I’m sorry, I didn’t know
you have been wounded.”

    "Oh, it’s nothing . . . nothing,” he said,
 hurrying away, his neck reddening from
 something more than the attention of Beta
 Centauri. How in the name of Naraka’s sixty
 devils could you tell a woman that one of
 your own non-coms had stepped on your
 foot and nearly broken your instep?

   The battalion straggled into Dust Bin
during the night. It hadn’t exactly fought its
way back from the river but had had enough
casualties to make the men nervous and
jumpy without tempering them at all. One
of the casualties had been Lt Colonel
Upton. Now Major Chapelle was in com-
mand. The men of the battalion were
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABQUT FACE!

85

 nervous but Chapelle was riding on the thin
 edge of panic. He ordered everyone on
 board the Sun Maid at once and then
 countermanded the order and formed a
 defense perimeter around the town. He
 threw out patrols which were unable to
 contact any Rumi on die Dust Bin side
 of the river.

  The next morning Terrence was sum-
moned to Government House for an officers’
conference. As he hurried along its single
street, Dust Bin was in a state of confused
and helpless excitement. The three or four
hundred Narakans who made up its popula-
tion were all in the street or square. Many
of them were carrying their belongings on
their shoulders and looked as if they were
only waiting for an order of some kind to
send them scurrying off toward the Suzi
swamps.

  As O’Mara reached the veranda of the
Residency, Rev. Goodman was speaking
with Joan Allen by his side. His words
were aimed at Chapelle, Norton and a
large gray-eyed man whom Terrence recog-
nized as the Captain of the Sun Maid.

  "When you came, you earthmen in your
great ships, the Narakan was a hunted
creature on his own planet and had been
back as far as he could remember. You
drove off the Rumi and took parts of the
planet for your own use but you did not
hunt the Narakan. You brought him out of
his swamps and taught him much; to wear
clothes, to till the ground and many other
things. You even gave him your religion.
But now the Rumi have returned and you
say you are not strong enough to hold all
the planet.”

TV/TAJOR CHAPELLE was impatient,
lVl "That’s right, Reverend, there’s too
many of them. The garrison just isn’t big
enough to hold everything and it’s too far
back to Earth for us to expect any reinforce-
ments for a year or even longer.”

  Norton took over. "You’re an educated
. . . all . . . man, Goodman. You see what
the problem is. We can’t hold everything
so we’ve got to cut our losses. All of the
most important resources and towns are in
the Little Texas area and so we’re pulling
back into there.”

  "I see. Yes, I understand. The people of

Dust Bin are part of the losses that must
be cat.”

  "Now, now. Don’t put it that way,
Reverend. The natives can always take
refuge in the swamps, you know.”

  "Yes. T suppose it must be so. Back to
Little Texas for the Terrans and back to
the swamps for the Narakans. Back to liv-
ing naked in the mud, back to fishing for
our food and back to thinking only of the
next meal.”

  "It really isn’t that bad,” Chapelle said.
"As soon as the situation adjusts itself, the
Terran forces will be coming back. Then
you can come out of your hiding places and
resume your regular life again.”

  "Yes. And in the meantime our only
problem will be to stay out of the way of
the Rumi.”

  "I don’t believe that they will go out of
their way to harm you. It’s the Terrans they
want to drive out."

  Suddenly the Reverend Goodman was
shaking his fist in the Major’s face, for-
getting in his excitement both his manners
and his correct English. "Not hurt! Not
hurt, Mr. General? No, they not hurt, they
just eat! They favorite food is Naraka
steak.”

  "Now, now, calm yourself,” Norton put
a hand on Goodman’s shoulder. "There s
plenty of room in the Sun Maid for you and
the rest of your people will be safe enough
in the swamps.”

  "What about my children?” demanded
Joan Allen.

  "Children, Miss Allen? I don’t know.. ..
Oh, yes, you mean the poly . . . the chil-
dren. Why, I assume they will go with
their parents.”

  Joan placed a small fist firmly on each
of her slim hips. "Major, all the children in
the mission school are orphans. They have
no parents. None of them have ever lived
in the swamps.”

  "Ah yes. But I hardly see what we can
do about it, Miss Allen.”

  "Well, Major, I’m going to tell you what
I’m going to do about it. Unless those kids
are loaded on the Sun Maid in place of
some of this junk,” she waved a hand at
the piles of luggage which belonged to Mrs.
Wilson, "I’m going to stay with my charges
and leave you with the problem of explain-
86

PLANET STORIES

ing to the Mission Board and to the Bishop
of New Chicago just why you left me
behind.”

   At the mention of the extremely influen-
tial Johnathian Bishop the Major looked
more worried than ever. After a short con-
ference with Norton, he turned to Joan.

   "Very well, Miss Allen. The children will
go in the airship. I’m sure that Mrs. Wilson
will be only too glad to leave some of her
clothes to make room for them.”

  "Thank you, Major.” Joan said, making
no attempt to gloat over her victory.

  "Now, Captain, I understand that most
of the military stores have been destroyed
and that the men are ready for embarka-
tion,” Chapelle went on hurriedly, address-
ing himself to the captain of the Sun Maid.
"We will have about three hundred and
twenty, no . . . about three hundred and
thirty passengers for you.”

   The captain shook his head doubtfully,
"It’s a big load. I hope we can make it
without any trouble.”

   “Well, then,” Chapelle went on, "We’ll
go aboard during the day after we complete
the destruction of the stores and facil-
ities. The native troops under Lieutenant
O’Shaughnessy will cover our embarkation
and then convoy the civilians as far as the
Suzi swamps. Afterwards they will march
overland to Fort Craven on the Little Texas
border.”

   Terrence had never had any urge to be a
hero. He had always pictured himself re-
tiring at a ripe old age as a Colonel or
Brigadier and raising canal oranges on Mars,
but suddenly the memory of the Narakan
Rifles rushing down the street with bugles
blaring and flag waving right into the Rumi
line of fire rose before him. The thought of
O'Shaughnessy, even with his new lieuten-
ant’s commission, leading the blundering
troops along the two hundred miles to Fort
Craven was too much for him.

  "I beg your pardon, Major,” he heard
himself saying, "But as the Narakan Train-
ing Officer, I think that I should remain in
command of the unit in its overland
march. ”

  The Major was dumfounded. Norton
looked as if he were sure the Narakan
climate had proven too much of a strain
for die lieutenant.

   "Lieutenant O’Mara, are you sure . . ..
began Chapelle.

  "Are you nuts, O’Mara? Do you know
what you’re asking for?” demanded Norton.

   "Yes, sir. I feel that since Colonel Upton
appointed me Training Officer for the
Narakan Rifles, it is my duty to stay with
them until I am relieved.”

  Chapelle’s look of astonishment had
changed to one of relief. It would be far
easier to explain the hurried abandonment
of the Narakan Rifles to the native repre-
sentatives at New Chicago if a Terran offi-
cer were to remain with them.

  "Well,” he said, "I could, of course,
relieve you of your responsibility but if you
feel that . .

   "I do, sir.” Terrence said quickly lest he
be tempted to back out.

IV

LATER in the day as he sat in the shade
of the command post’s overhanging
roof with his back against a stack of sand-
bags, he cursed himself for sixteen kinds
of an idiot as he watched the evacuation
begin. Beta was dropping low over the pink
Maldo hills as the long line of earthmen
filed up the gangway into the big airship.

  "Hello,” said a voice behind him. He
turned to find Joan Allen standing there
clothed in radiation armor and holding a
small canvas bag in one hand. "I thought
... I mean ... I came to say good-bye.”
"Hello, yourself. I thought you were on
board with the rest of them.” He got up
hastily.

  "No. I got the kids on board but I
wanted one more look at the schoolhouse
before we shoved off.”

  Somehow he was holding onto her arm,
"I guess it meant a lot to you, that school-
house,” he said.

   "Yes, it did. I ... I was afraid that I
wouldn’t get to see you when you get to
New Chicago.”

   "There’s no danger of that, Joanie. If
and when I get there, I’ll be looking for
you . . . that is ... if you want to see me.”
"If you think you can stand an old maid
school teacher, I’ll be looking for you.”
She was very close to him now. “Why did
you do it, Terrence? Why are you making
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

87

the march with the Narakans? Fielding says
your chances aren’t very good.”

  "I’U thank Fielding to keep his big
mouth shut! I don’t really know why, prob-
ably kind of an Earthman’s Burden,
noblesse oblige . . . you know . . . some-
thing like the sort of thing Kipling used to
write about.”

   "Hell,” she said, surprising him with her
vehemence, "You don’t believe that guy
any more than I do. It was old when Kip-
ling wrote it and its even older now. I think
that somewhere under that tough Irish
skin of yours, there’s a sentimental fool
hiding.”

   She was still closer now with her hands
pressed lightly against his chest and sud-
denly his arms went around her, he lifted
her protective visor and forced his lips
down hard on hers. All of her primness had
disappeared as she leaned against him, re-
turning his kiss with a burning eagerness
which a more experienced woman might
have controlled.

   There were tears running down his cheeks
and he knew they weren’t his. He released
her slightly and looked down into her tear
streaked face, wondering how it was pos-
sible for them to have been at the same post
for six months without really knowing each
other.

   "I guess I’m kind of crazy about you,
teacher,” he said.

   He had lifted her off her feet and she
clung there with her arms around his neck.
"Terrence, I can’t leave you . . . I . .

   As Terrcnce bent over to kiss her again
there was a loud cough and Bill Fielding
was standing there dressed in full battle
armor. He grinned and said, "Much as I
hate to break this up, I don’t think
Chapelle is going to hold the Sun Maid
much longer.”

   Terrcnce set Joan gently on her feet and
she turned and fled toward the waiting
ship. He watched until she wras on board
and then turned to stare at Bill. Still grin-
ning broadly, Bill clapped him on the
shoulder as he said, "I could never have
faced those bartenders on Dobi Street if I
had gone back without you. We better get
going, hadn’t we? Sergeant Polasky’s down
with the men. He couldn’t bear to leave his
Bannings.”

   'Well, I’ll be damned!” was all O M^ra
could find to say as he watched the big
airship lift itself in the fading light, circle
and pass through the smoke of Dust Bin
for the last time.

THROWING their gear over their shoul-
ders, the two officers crossed the parade
ground to where the two hundred khaki
clad figures of the Narakan Rifles stood
waiting with Sergeant Polasky clucking
slightly as he fussed over his Bannings.

  O’Shaughnessy was wearing his new
lieutenant bars and a pith helmet and was
carrying a large piece of wood in imitation
of Norton’s swagger stick. Terrence took
one look at him and at the two orderlies
who stood behind him holding his field kit.
He strode toward him scowling, placed his
fists on his hips and stood glaring up at the
Greenback as he roared, "So! It’s delusions
of grandeur you've got, is it? Where are
Hannigan and O’Toole and their patrols?
Why aren’t they back?”

   O'Shaughnessy stiffened to attention try-
ing to pull in his great stomach. "They are
back, Mr. Lieutenant Sir. ... I forgot. They
had nothing to report ... no contact.'

   Terrence looked him up and down, "If
you foul up just once more . . . I’m going
to ... I’ll split your gizzard, stuff it with
To-To leaves and send you to the Rumi for
their breakfast with my compliments!”
O'Shaughnessy shivered at the dire threat
as O’Mara turned to Rev. Goodman who
stood with his people clustered about him.
"All right, Reverend, you can move out
with your flock. I’ll throw patrols out in
front of you and bring up the rear with the
rest of the Rifles. We'll see you as far as
the edge of the swamps.”

   In a long straggly line, the refugees
started out with the native police keeping
order and Goodman marching at their head.
The two drums and the three bugles of
the Narakan Rifles struck up a badly
mangled version of Back to Donegal, and
the column followed on the heels of the
civilians. Once or twice Terrence glanced
back at the smoke and flame that had been
Dust Bin before he turned his face forward
across the miles of grasslands to where the
Suzi swamps lay.

   Darkness had fallen but progress wasn't
88

PLANET STORIES

difficult until one of those sudden, lashing
storms for which Naraka was famous hurled
itself upon them, flattening the tali grass,
raising swirls of dust and finally turning
the dust into thick, clinging mud.

  As suddenly as it had come, the storm
was gone. But by that time they were in the
swamp itself. Night in the Suzi swamps.
Swamps composed of a sticky, gray mud
and heavy tangled undergrowth. The night
was as black as the day had been bright.
The column which had left the civilians at
the edge of the swamp was pushing slowly
forward. The Narakans glided along on
their bare, webbed feet and the Terrans
pushed along on snowshoe-like glides
attached to their boots.

   Bill Fielding, bareheaded with his helmet
thrown back over his shoulder, floundered
along beside Terrence. "Did you ever see a
place like this? Did you ever see mud like
this? Even the Irish bogs couldn't be this
bad.”

   Terrence checked his map, shielding his
flashlight carefully. "We’ll be out of the
worst of this by tomorrow morning,” he
said.

  "If we live until tomorrow morning,”
Yielding replied, "Those Rumi have eyes
like the blasted jungle cats they’re descended
from.”

  "I don’t think we have much to worry
about until we get out of the swamps. I
doubt if their patrols would penetrate'very
deeply into this mess.”

   "How about the radio? Has Polasky been
able to get through to Fort Graven?” asked
Fielding.

  O’Mara shook his head, "No. You know
what Beta s radiations do to radio reception
this time of year. Even at night it takes a
powerful transmitter to reach farther than
twenty or thirty miles.”

   Later in the night, with a good ten miles
of swamp country between him and the
enemy, Terrence called a halt on a slightly
raised spot of almost dry ground. The un-
wearied Greenbacks and the exhausted
Terrans dropped down in huddled groups.
The patrols that had penetrated to the ed<*e
of the swamp came in to report that they
had contacted no Rumi ahead. Terrence
munched a can of cold beans and fell over

  aa exhausted sleep to the sound of

       \

O'Shaughnessy placing sentries about the
camp.

THE next day’s march was a nightmare
to the lieutenant. If anything, the heat
and humidity were worse in the swamps
than they had been in Dust Bin and the
going got tougher every mile. The mud was
softer and the undergrowth had to be cut
away by bayonet-wielding Narakans before
the main body could move through. Ter-
rence had thrown off his battle armor and
lost his radiation helmet somewhere in the
morass as had other of the Earthmen. Han-
nigan had prepared a thick mess of mud
and grass which the Terrans applied to
exposed parts of their bodies.

   Late in the afternoon of the second day
the Narakan Rifles came to a tepid little
stream that marked the end of the swamps,
and for the first time Terrence ordered a
rest of longer than two hours. Bill Fielding
was lying flat on his back in the grass
beside the stream with his feet dangling in
the water, shoes and all, when O'Mara
dragged himself wearily back from inspect-
ing the pickets and flopped down beside
him.

   "If I never to my dying day see another
speck of mud,” Fielding muttered as he ate
a bar of tropical chocolate that was as mud
covered as he was, “1 11 still have seen
more than all the Fieldings for two hun-
dred years back have seen on Earth and
Mars.”

  And now, said Terrence as he eased
over on his back with a heavy sigh, "that
we have run out of mud, we can start
looking for Rumi.”

   "At least it’ll be a change! Here Kitty!
Here kitty! Nice Rumi! Come and get a
bayonet in . . .”

   Clack, clack, clack. 1 he sound of spring
guns broke the stillness of the afternoon and
was followed by the sound of rifles and a
cry of pain.

  "Oh, Lord!" moaned O'Mara, "now it
starts!” He was on his feet, gripping his
carbine and running bent over. Fielding
was at his heels, dragging a machine gun
off the ground.

  "O’Shaughnessy! Hannigan! Take the
first platoon. Move up to support the
pickets. O’Toole! On the double! Take your
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

squad and' try to get around the firing. Bill,
you and Polasky stand by here with the rest
of the men and the Bannings.”

   Terrence had plunged into the stream and
splashed across and was clambering up the
opposite bank when one of his pickets came
crawling and stumbling back clutching a
wounded arm. "Mr. Lieutenant! Mr. Lieu-
tenant! Rumi! Rumi! Many Rumi up ahead!
Sullivan and O’Leary dead! Rumi get!"

   "Medic! Medic!” O’Shaughnessy was yell-
ing in his ear with the full-throated croak
of an adult Narakan, drowning out what
the wounded picket was trying to say.

  "How many? How many Rumi, man?"
Terrence demanded.

   "Twenty . . . thirty . . . maybe thousand!”
tlie Narakan gasped as the Medic led him
off.

   " 'Twenty, thirty, maybe thousand.’ That
gives us a damn fine idea of what we’re up
against!”

   While his men dragged their big bodies
up the bank of the stream, O’Mara stood
scowling at the eight foot high grass.
Usually about a foot high, the hardy and
ubiquitous purple grass of Naraka grew
far more lushly around the edges of the
swamps. He felt that it would be a risky
business at best to plunge into it after an
unknown number of enemy. At the same
time he had an illogical determination not
to leave the bodies of his men in the hands
of the Rumi. He looked at the broad, big-
mouthed exaggerations of Irish faces around
him, heaved a sigh that came from deep in
his chest and ordered, "All right, men.
Spread out. Keep low and keep your eyes
open. And try not to shoot each other.”

   "We fix bayonets now, Lieutenant, sir?”
Hannigan asked.

  "You keep your eyes open, Sergeant,”
Terrence snapped, "I’ll tell you when to fix
bayonets.”

  The noisy rustling of his men’s heavy
bodies as they pushed through the grass
made him nervous and irritable. Then sud-
denly, just as they were edging their way
around a gully, a dozen Rumi were swarm-
ing down on them. Terrence cut down two
with his carbine but his men were firing
and missing as the incredibly fast catmen
hurtled at them. He had a brief glimpse of
O'Shaughnessy spraying submachine gun

slugs wildly about and then there was a
hail of spring bolts and two of his men were
down. The whole platoon was thrashing
through the grass in their direction and the
Rumi were gone as quickly as they had
come.

    Come on!” Terrence shouted, breaking
into a run with twenty or thirty Riflemen
after him. A bolt grazed his cheek and
another cut down a man to his right. He
emptied his carbine in the general direction
of the Clack, Clack, Clack. Hannigan was
roaring a primitive bull-throated chant and
firing at everything that moved. O’Shaugh-
nessy managed to jam his gun and was
beating frantically at it with one webbed fist.
They burst into a clearing filled with Rumi
and both sides blazed away at point blank
range. It was hard for even a Narakan to
miss at that close range and the Rumi broke
and ran just as Sergeant O'Toole and his
squad came out of the grass on the other
side of the clearing.

  The Rumi, trapped, turned and dashed at
Terrence and his men. The lieutenant drove
his fist into one cat faced creature and
smashed his empty gun across the head of
another. Hannigan grappled with one of the
lithe gray-bodied things and slowly crushed
it beneath his 350 odd pounds. O’Shaugh-
nessy beat another insensible with his
jammed Tommy gun. Several Narakans
were down but most of them had taken
Rumi with them.

  Terrence was knocked off his feet by a
gray ball of fury that leaped at him wield-
ing a stiletto-thin knife. He caught at the
Rumi’s arm with both hands but the crea-
ture was not only fast but strong. It twisted
out of his grasp and slashed at him and only
a quick sideward roll saved him. Desper-
ately he brought his fist down on his
assailant’s head.

  The Rumi’s grip relaxed slightly and
Terrence drove his fist full into its face and
locked his legs about its waist. The catman
couldn’t have weighed more than a hundred
and fifty pounds but all of it was wiry
strength. It clawed at him now, ripping his
protective clothing and gashing his legs,
meanwhile trying to get its knife into play.
He was vaguely conscious that his men had
disposed of the rest of the Rumi and were
dancing around him frantically trying to
90

PLANET STORIES

get a chance to aid him. He was struck by
the incongruity of a civilized being
descended from simian ancestors and a
civilized being descended from feline an-
cestors fighting fang and claw while a bunch
of misplaced amphibians danced about them.

  Making his weight count he suddenly
twisted and hurled the Rumi under him but
something hit him a terrific blow on the
back of the head and blackness closed in.

V

O’MARA awoke with a head that felt like
all the hangovers of a misspent life.
“Have a nice rest?" Bill Fielding asked.
Terrence reached a weak hand to the back
of his head and felt bandages. "Did I catch
a spring bolt?” he asked.

   Bill grinned, "Well, no. Not exactly. It
was more on the order of Private O’Hara’s
rifle butt. He was trying to hit the Rumi
you were necking with.”

"I might have known,” Terrence groaned.
"We lost six men but recovered all the
bodies except for one. We’ve got four
wounded . . . litter cases. Thought you were
going to make it five for a while.”

  "Well, they won't slow us down too
much. We still have about a hundred and
fifty miles to go. We’ll camp here for the
night and move out at dawn.”

  Marching in the early morning and rest-
ing in the heat of the day before another
..fternoon march, the Narakan Rifles covered
mother fifty miles of the distance to Fort
Craven without incident but not without
signs-of Rumi. Twice they came on recently
occupied camps and once they caught sight
of a Rumi patrol moving parallel to their
own line of march.

  The next morningj which was blistering
and cloudless, they were only seventy miles
from the Fort.

  "Maybe we ought to give the radio an-
other tty.” Terrence decided. "We’re close
enough to have a chance of getting through
now. ”

   Polasky set up the field radio.

   "Hello, Bailiwick. Hello, Bailiwick. This
is Apple Three Three. Can you read me?
Come in, please.”

  O’Mara and Fielding sat and listened
while he repeated die call a dozen or more

times. His only answer was the heavy static
that Beta produced in most electronic instru-
ments. The same static that made radar and
space scanners all but useless, that limited
aircraft to the big dirigibles and weapons
to old fashioned rifles and machine guns.

    I guess we’ll know what’s going on
when we get there!” Terrence said. He
wiped his forehead with his arm, noticing
that the heavily caked mud was beginning
to crack off. He would be in for a bad case
of sun poisoning probably.

   A rare breeze had sprung up and drifting
down it from the west came the sound of
gunfire. As one man, everyone in the camp
stiffened.

   '‘Did you hear that?” demanded Fielding.

   "I think I hear a Banning,” Polasky said,
* Sounds like it’s coming from in back of
us ... off to the west.”

   "From what our scouts have been able to
pick up, that’s the general direction that the
Rumi have been moving,” Terrence said.

   "But there’s nothing over that way. What
in hell could they be attacking?” Fielding
was on his feet, looking off in the direction
from which the sounds were coming.

   Terrence was aware of an increasingly
uneasy feeling. He got to his feet and picked
up his gear. "The sounds could be deceiv-
ing. We might as well get moving. It isn’t
going to get much cooler before nightfall.”

A N HOUR later they were hotly engaged
with a large force of Rumi. Rumi
armed for the first time with heavier
weapons, mortar-like guns tiiat hurled pods
of smothering dust that caused almost
instant strangulation. Rumi who attacked
suddenly, giving them time only to drop to
the ground and set up the Bannings and
machine guns before three hundred howling
fiends came charging through the grass at
a dead run, firing as they came.

  O	Mara was behind a machine gun and
Fielding and Polasky each had a Banning
in action. They met the Rumi charge with a
withering hail of lead and fire. The Nara-
kans lying as flat as their huge chests would
allow them were firing as fast as the auto-
matic rifles would fire. The Bannings swept
the line of charging figures. As the beams
paused for a moment, the charge would take
effect and a ball of fire would mushroom
NARAKAN RIFLES, ABOUT FACE!

91

skyward, leaving a dozen seared cat bodies
on the ground. Terrence swept his machine
gun along in a swath behind the Bannings,
picking off what they left. Some dozen
catmen made it to within ten yards of their
front but sprawled still or lay kicking briefly
until a Greenback put another bullet into
him.

  The Rumi were gone, withdrawing to the
west and Terrence was yelling and cursing
at his men to keep them from breaking
ranks and following them. Three Riflemen
and O'Toole were dead and Sergeant
Polasky was coughing out his life beside his
Banning with a spring gun bolt in his
stomach.

  "Those damn cats!” he was muttering
when O’Mara reached him, “Those damn
cats. We showed 'em, didn’t we, Lieutenant?
That Banning’s a good gun if you ...”

  They buried the Greenbacks in eight foot
graves and the Earthman in a seven foot
one. "Those dirty, lousy, stinking . .

Bill Fielding was beating his fist into the
palm of his hand. "We got one of them
alive this time, Terrence. Hannigan knows
a little of their lingo. His old man escaped
from one of their breeding pens on the
other side of the Muddy. He’s working him
over."

  In the twenty odd years that Terrans and
Rumi had occupied different halves of the
same planet, the number of men who had
learned the Rumi language wouldn’t have
filled a small room. So Terrence was sur-
prised at Bill’s information and hurried
toward the place where the interrogation
was taking place. Before he got there, he
heard a piercing cat cry which ended in a
gurgle and when he reached the group of
Greenbacks, Hannigan was wiping his
bayonet on the grass. He stood looking
down at a Rumi officer whose throat was
neatly slit from furry ear to furry ear. Then
fists clenched on his hips, he confronted
his men.

  MI don’t suppose it ever occurred to you
bunch of d imwits that we might have gotten
some information out of this guy. He might
have talked, you know.”

  "He talk,” grinned Hannigan, "He talk
plenty. He feared we might hurt him. We
tell him no hurt if he talk. . . . Ha!"

  "He say big flyship down, Mr. Lieutea-

ant” said O’Shaughnessy.

  "What? What do you mean?'' demanded
O'Mara.

  "Flyship . . . Sun Maid crash in storm.
. . . Rumi find.”

  "Good God! The Sun Maid!" Terrence
gasped, "That storm the first night!"

  "They surround and attack Terrans.
These ones on way to join attack when meet
us,” O’Shaughnessy went on.

  "He tell where ship down,’’ Hannigan
said, "It near bend in Big Muddy . . . place
I know. Ten, twenty mile back."

  The Greenbacks were watching the Ter-
rans, fingering their bayonets eagerly and
hugging their rifles. Terrence had the im-
pression that they were beginning to like
their jobs. He turned to Bill Fielding,
"Well, Bill, it looks like we came about
twenty miles too far.”

  Bill grinned, "Yep, I guess so. Come on,
soldiers, fall in. We got work to do back
here a piece."

  A two hour’s forced march with the sun
beating down and the sound of firing grow-
ing closer. Only a column of Greenbacks
could have done it and only a crazy Irish-
man would have asked them to. They came
up over a rise and looked down a gentle
slope toward die brown twisting snake that
was the Big Muddy. On its banks lay the
broken shape of the airship and swarming
across a burned circle around it were Rumi,
thousands of them. The firing had slackened
in the last few minutes and now they could
see why. The Rumi were assaulting and
were at close grips with the ring of defend-
ing Terrans.

  "Now?” questioned O’Shaugnessy, "We
fix bayonets now?”

  "Yes,” replied Terrence, "now we fix
bayonets.”

  At his word three hundred big clumsy
hands reached for three hundred bayonets
and fixed them to three hundred rifles.

  "O'Shea, take O’Toole’s squad and stand
by up here with the Bannings. O'Shaugh-
nessy, take the left flank. Bill, you take the
right. Let’s go!”

  There wasn’t a sound out of the Rifles
as they started down the hill, none of
their usual croakings and bellowings, just
silence and the heavy thud of their feet. The
Rumi had seen them. Many of those in the
92	PLANET

rear of the attack were swinging about to
face them. Spring gun bolts began to whiz
in their direction. One or two Narakans
fell. They were closer to the struggle now,
closer to the tightly packed Rumi and the
hand to hand struggle about the Sun Maid.

  Terrence was firing, throwing lead into
the gray-bodied mass ahead of him but his
men were just thundering along with their
little black eyes fixed on their old oppres-
sors, bayonets leveled in front of them in
approved training school method. They re-
sembled nothing so much as a regiment of
tanks hurtling at an enemy. The momentum
of their charge carried them half way
through the Rumi ranks, the terrific force
of the plunging amphibians bowling over
the lighter catmen.

  Bayonets, clubbed rifle and heavy webbed
fist fought against claw, teeth and knife.
There was almost no firing, almost no sound
save for the cries of the Rumi and an occa-
sional cheer from the Terrans.

  Terrence emptied his Tommy gun, hurled
it in the face of a Rumi and reached for his
knife and automatic. A Rumi knocked him
off his feet with the butt end of a spring gun
but before he could do more, Hannigan
stepped over his lieutenant and plunged his
bayonet into the catman. The Irishman
scrambled to his feet amidst the gray furry
bodies, thrust his A5 into a snarling face
and pulled the trigger. The face disappeared
but another took its place and he fired again.
A Rumi with a knife grabbed at him from
behind and he raised his pistol again but
the cat was already down with a bayonet
between his shoulders.

  The Greenbacks were yelling now, lifting
those great voices of theirs in full throated
bullfrog croaks. The Rumi, trapped and
desperate, were scattering and trying to flee
down river. O’Mara stumbled over a barri-
cade of rocks and boxes and almost got a
Terran slug in him before he realized that
they had cut their way th rough to the
broken ship. He was up in a minute and
urging his men on after the scattering
enemy. Twenty or thirty of them tried to
make a stand around a tall Rumi officer but
O’Shaughnessy at the head of a wedge of
Narakans swept into them at a full run.

STORIES

  Their bayonets flashed for a few seconds
and then flashed no more, the steel was
covered with blood. A few hundred Rumi
made it to the river under a hail of lire from
O’Shea and his squad on the hill. Hardly
pausing to consider their cat-like aversion
to water, most of them plunged in and
struck out for the other shore. The rest were
cut down on the bank by onrus-hing Green-
backs. Terrence grabbed hold of one of his
buglers and then had t® practically beat the
man over the head to get him to sound
Recall.

  Bill Fielding picked his way among the
bodies and came toward Terrence holding
his left arm. O’Shaughnessy was leaping up
and down and waving his fist across the
river.

  "Things different now! All different
now! One Greenback better than four, five,
eight Rumi!”

  "At least that many,” Terrence said under
his breath before he roared at O’Shaughnessy.
"Fall the men in on the double now! We’re
going to march back to the Sun Maid in
proper military style.”

  There was a blowing of sergeant’s
whistles, the shouting of corporals, and the
Narakan Rifles slowly formed ranks. Some
were missing and others were limping and
holding WGunds but they stepped out
smartly as the column headed back up the
river. Every rifle was at the correct slope,
every man was in step as they marched
through the makeshift barricade and past
where Chapelle was standing. The drum
and bugle corps struck up The Wearing of
the Green just as O’Mara shouted, ' Eyes
Right!” and every eye swung right in per-
fect unison. A tattered and weary Chapelle
brought a surprised hand up to salute and
the Narakan Rifles came to a snappy halt.

  A small, black haired figure threw itself
at Terrence and his arms were again holding
Joan Allen. ”1 knew you'd come,” she said,
"Only a big, crazy Irishman like you could
do it.”

  He kissed her and then pressed his mud-
caked face against hers as he said into her
ear, "Only three hundred big, crazy Irish-
men, baby. There’s not a drop of anything
else in me boys.”
Cotporal
Rodolfo P. Hernandez, CCS. Army
Medal of Honor

Tht U.S. Government does not pay for this ad'-zrtitimcnt. It is donated
by tMt publication in cooperation with tnn Advertiiing Council and the
Magazine PuUlithert »/ .imsris-n.

 0200 HOURS! Suddenly the pre-dawn blackne33
 on Hill 420 split into crashing geysers of flame.
 Yelling, firing, hurling grenades, a horde of Reds
 pushed up the hill toward G Company.

   A hot fire fight began, lasting several hoars.
 Finally, suffering heavy casualties, G Company
 began to withdraw. Corporal Hernandez stayed,
 throwing grenades and firing his remaining
 rounds.

   Then his M-l jammed. Fixing his bayonet, he
 leaped out of his foxhole and disappeared in the
 darkness toward the attacking Reds. They found
 him in the morning, wounded, ringed with enemy
 dead. But he had stopped the attack—alone.

   “A man couldn’t fight at all,” says Corporal
 Hernandez, “if he weren’t fighting for good
 things—peace, and a job, and a chance in the
 world. That’s why I’m thankful to the people
 who’ve put so many billions into Defense Bonds.
 For I believe Bonds are a stockpile of prosperity
 for our country. A guarantee to men like me that
 we can come home to a secure future.”

Peace is for the strong!

For peace and prosperity save with
U. S, Defense Bonds!

Now E Bonds pay 3%! Now, improved Series E
Bonds start paying interest after 6 months. And aver-
age 3% interest, compounded semiannually when
held to maturity. Also, all maturing E Bonds auto-
matically go on earning—at the new rate—for 10 more
years. Today, start investing in U. S. Series E Defenso
Bonds through the Payroll Savings Plan; you can
sign up to save as little as $2.00 a payday if you wish.
MARS MINUS BISHA

          By LEIGH BRACKETT

    Fanatic Tribesmen might easily have expunged the lone
    Earthman from the face of the Martian desert. Instead,
    they bequeathed to him Bisha . . . Bisha—the
    unwanted; Bisha—the unnatural.

IT WAS dose on midnight. Both moons
were out of the sky, and there was
only blackness below and the mighty
blaze of stars above, and between them the
old wind dragging its feet in the dust. The
Quonset stood by itself, a half mile or so
from the canal bank and the town that was
on it. Fraser looked at it, thinking what an
alien intrusion both it and he were in this
place, and wondering if he could stick out
the four and a half months still required of
him.

  The town slept. There was no help for
him there. An official order had been given,
and so he was tolerated. But he was not
welcome. Except in the big trading cities,
Earlhmen were unwelcome almost any-
where on Mars. It was a lonesome deal.

  Fraser began to walk again. He walked a
lot at night. The days were ugly and de-
pressing and he spent them inside, work-
ing. But the nights were glorious. Not even
the driest desert of Earth could produce a
sky like this, where the thin air hardly
dimmed the lustre of the stars. It was the
one thing he would miss when he went
home.

  He walked, dressed warmly against the
bitter chill. He brooded’ and he watched
the stars. He thought about his diminishing
whiskey supply and the one hundred and
forty-six centuries of written history gone
into the dust that blew and tortured his
sinuses, and after a while he saw the
shadow, the dark shape that moved against
the wind, silent, purposeful, and swift.

  Out of the northern desert someone was
riding.

  For the space of three heartbeats Fraser
stood rigid and frozen, squinting through
the darkness and the starshine at that mov-
94

ing shape. Then he turned and ran for the
Quonset. He was not allowed to possess a
weapon, and if some of the fanatic northern
tribesmen had decided to come and cleanse
their desert of his defiling presence, there
was little he could do but bar the door
and pray.

   He did not go inside, just yet. It was un-
wise to show fear until you had to. He
stood by the open door, outside the stream
of light that poured from it. He waited,
tensed for that final leap.

  There was only a single rider, mounted
on one of the big scaly beasts the Martian
nomads use as the Earthly desert-folk use
camels. Fraser relaxed a little, but not too
much. One man with a spear could be
enough. The stranger came slowly into the
light, wrapped and muffled against the
night, curbing with a strong hand the un-
easy hissings and shyings of the beast at the
unfamiliar smells that came to it from the
Quonset. Fraser leaned forward, and sud-
denly the weakness of relief came over him.
The rider was a woman, and she carried
before her on the saddle pad a child, almost
hidden in the folds of her cloak.

  Fraser gave her the courteous Martian
greeting. She looked down at him. tall and
fierce-eyed, hating and yet somehow desper-
ate, and presently she said, "You are the
Earthman, the doctor.”

  "Yes.”

  The child slept, its head lolled back
against the woman’s body. There was some-
thing unnatural in the way it slept, undis-
turbed by the light or the voices. Fraser
said gently, “I am here only to help.”

  The woman's arm tightened around the
child. She looked at Fraser, and then in
through the open door at the unfamiliar
Of*
%

PLANET STORIES

alien things that were there. Her face, made
grim and hard by hunger and long marches,
and far too proud for weeping, crumpled
suddenly toward tears. She lifted the bridle-
chain and swung the beast around, but be-
fore he had gone his own length she curbed
him again. When she had turned once more
toward Fraser she was calm as stone.

   "My child is—ill,” she said, very cjuielly,
hesitating over that one word.

   Fraser held up his arms. “I’ll see what
I can do.”

   The child—a girl. Fraser saw now, per-
haps seven years old—did not stir even
when she was lifted down from the saddle
pad. Fraser started to carry her inside, say-
ing over his shoulder to the woman, "I’ll
need to ask some questions. You can watch
while I examine—”

   A wild harsh cry and a thunder of padded
hoofs drowned out his words. He whirled
around, and then he ran a little way, shout-
ing, with the child in his arms, but it was
no use. The woman was bent low in the
saddle, urging the beast on with that frantic
cry, digging in the spurs, and in a minute
she was gone, back into the desert and the
night. Fraser stood staring after her open-
mouthed, and swearing, and looking help-
lessly at the girl. There was an ominous
finality about the way the woman had left.
Why? Even if the child was dying, wouldn’t
a mother wait to know? Even if the sickness
was contagious, would she ride the Lord
knew how many miles across the desert
with her, and then run?

THERE were no answers to those ques-
tions. Fraser gave up and went into
the Quonset kicking the door shut behind
him. Passing through his combination
living-quarters and office, he went into the
tiny infirmary which adjoined his equally
small but well-equipped lab. Neither office
nor infirmary had had many customers. The
Martians preferred their own methods, their
own healers. Fraser was not supposed any-
way to be the local G.P. The Medical
Foundation grant and the order of the
Martian authorities permitting him to be
here both stated that he was engaged in
research on certain viruses. Non-cooperation
of the populace had not made his work any
easier.

  He became suddenly hopeful about the
child.

  Some two hours later he put her, still
sleeping, into the neat white bed and sat
down in the room outside, where he could
watch her through the open door. He had
a drink, and then another, and lighted a
cigarette with hands that had trouble putting
flame and tip together.

  She was sound as a dollar. Thin, a bit
undersized and undernourished like most
Martian youngsters, but healthy. There was
nothing whatever the matter with her, ex-
cept that someone had thoroughly drugged
her.

  Fraser rose and flung open the outer
door. He went out, staring with a kind of
desperation into the north, straining his
ears for a sound of hoofs. Dawn was not
far off. The wind was rising, thickening
the lower air with dust, dimming the stars.
Out on die desert nothing moved, nor was
there any sound.

   For the rest of that night and most of
the morning that came after it, Fraser sat
unmoving by the child’s bed, waiting for
her to wake.

   She did it quietly. One moment her face
was as it had been, remote and secret, and
in the next she had opened her eyes. Her
small body stirred and stretched, she
yawned, and then she looked at Fraser, very
solemnly but without surprise. He smiled
and said, "Hello.”

  She sat up, a dark -and shaggy-haired
young person, with eyes the color of topaz,
and the customary look of premature age
and wisdom that the children of Mars share
with the children of the Earthly East. She
asked hesitantly, “My mother—?”

   “She had to go away for a while,” Fraser
said, and added with false assurance, “but
shell be back soon.’ He was comforting
himself as much as the child.

  She took even diat shred of hope from
him. "No,” she said. “She will not come
back.” She laid her head between her knees
and began to cry, not making any fuss
about it. Fraser put his arm around her.

  "Here,” he said. "Here now, don’t do
that. Of course she’ll come back for you,
she’s your mother.”

   “She can’t.”

  "But why? Why did she bring you here?
MARS MINUS BISHA	97

You're not sick, you don’t need a doctor.”
The child said simply, “They were going
to kill me,”

  Fraser was silent for a long time. Then
he said, "IVba?"

  The thin shoulders quivered under his
arm. "They said I made the sickness that
was in our tribe. The Old Men came, all
together, and they told my father and
mother I had to be killed. The Old Men are
very powerful in magic, but they said they
could not make me clean.” She broke off,
choking over a sob. "My mother said it was
her right to do the thing, and she took me
way off into the desert. She cried. She never
did that before. I was frightened, and then
she told me she wasn’t going to hurt me,
she was going to take me where I would
be safe. She gave me some bitter w'ater to
drink, and told me not to be afraid. She
talked to me until I went to sleep.”

  She looked up at Fraser, a frightened and
bewildered little girl, and yet with a dignity
about her, too.

  "My mother said our gods have cursed
me, and I would never be safe with my own
people any more. But she said Earthmen
have different gods, who wouldn’t know me.
She said you wouldn’t kill me. Is that true?”
Fraser said something under his breath,
and then he told her, "Yes. That’s true.
Your mother is a wise woman. She brought
you to the right place.” His face had become
perfectly white. He stepped back from the
bed and asked, "What s your name?”
"Bisha.”

  "Are you hungry, Bisha?”

  She hesitated, still gulping down sobs.
I don’t know.”

  "You think about it Your clothes are
there—put them on. I’ll fix some break-
fast”

  He went out into the next room, sick and
shaking with a rage such as he had never
experienced before. Superstition, ignorance,
the pious cruelty of the savage. Get an
epidemic going, and when the magic of the
Old Man fails, find a scapegoat. Call a
child accursed, and send its own mother
out to slaughter it. Mentally, Fraser bowed
to the fierce-eyed woman who had been too
tough for those cowardly old men. Poor
devil, only the certainty of death could

7—Planet—January

have made her abandon her child to an
Earthman—a creature alien and unknown,
but having different gods—

  "Why would they curse me?” asked
Bisha, close behind him. "Our gods, I
mean.” Dressing was an easy proposition
for her, with one thick garment to pull over
her head, and sandals for her feet. Her
hair hung over her face and the tears still
dripped, and now her nose was running,
and Fraser didn’t know whether to laugh or
cry. "They didn’t,” he said, and picked her
up. "It’s only superstitious nonsense—-”

  He stopped. That was not going to do.
Seven years, a lifetime of training and be-
lief, were not going to be wiped out by a
few words from a stranger. He stood scowl-
ing, trying hard to think of a way to reach
her, and then he became aware that she was
looking at him with a child's intense and
wondering stare, sitting quite stiffly in his
arms. He asked, "Are you afraid of me?”
"I—-I’ve never seen anyone like you be-
fore.”

  "Hm. And you’ve never seen a house
like this one, either."

   She glanced around, and shook her head.
"No. It’s—” She had no words for what
it was, only a shiver of awe.

  Fraser smiled. "Bisha, you told me the
Old Men of your tribe were very powerful
in magic.”

   "Oh, yes!”

   He set her down and took her hand firmly
in his. "I’m going to show you a few things.
Come on.”

   He didn’t know whether child psycholo-
gists and other ethical persons would ap-
prove of his method, but it was the only
one he could think of. With the imposing
air of one performing wonders, he intro-
duced the child of the nomad tents to the
miracles of modern gadgetry, from running
water to recorded music and micro-books.
As a climax, he permitted her to peer in
through the door of the laboratory, at the
mystic and glittering tangle of glass and
chrome. And he asked her, "Are your Old
Men greater in magic than I?”

  ’No.” She had drawn away from him,
her hands clutched tightly around her as
though to avoid the accident of touching
anything. Behind her from the living quar-
ters Wagner’s Fire Music still roared and
98

PLANET STORIES

rippled, out of a tiny spool of wire. Sud-
denly Bisha was down on her knees in an
attitude of complete submission. "You are
the greatest doctor in the world.”

   Her word for "doctor” meant the same
as "shaman.” Fraser felt contrite and
ashamed. It seemed a shabby trick to impress
a child. But he stuck to it, saying solemnly,
"Very well, Bisha. And now that that
is understood, I tell you that curses have no
power in this place, and I want no more
talk of them.”

   She listened, not raising her head.

   "You are safe here. You are not to be
afraid. Look up at me, Bisha. Do you prom-
ise not to be afraid?”

   She looked up. He smiled, and after a
little she smiled back. "I promise.”

   "Good,” he said, and held out his hand.
"Let’s eat.”

ABOUT then it dawned on Fraser that
he was saddled with a child. For the
four and a half months that remained of
his term here he would have to feed, look
after her and keep her hidden. The people
of the town would hardly shelter her—
Bisha’s mother hadn’t trusted them, cer-
tainly—and if they did, the nomads would
only find her again when they came in for
the fall trading. The only other alternative
was the central government at Karappa,
which would surely not condone ritual mur-
der, but that was three hundred miles away.
He had a trac-car, but the work going for-
ward in the lab would not wait for him to
trundle a slow six hundred miles up and
down the desert. He could not possibly
leave it.

   Four and a half months. He looked down
at the small figure pattering beside him,
and wondered what in the devil he was
going to do with her all that time.

   At the end of a week he would have
been lost without her. The awful loneliness
and isolation of the Quonset was gone.
There was another voice in the place, an-
other presence, somebody to sit across the
table from him, somebody to talk to. Bisha
was no trouble. She had been brought up
not to be a trouble, in a hard school where
survival was the supreme lesson, and that
same school had impressed on her young
mind the wisdom of making the best of

things. She was no trouble at all. She was
company, the first he had had in nearly nine
months. He liked her.

   Mostly she was cheerful and alert, too
much engrossed in a new world of marvels
to brood about the past. But she had her
moods. Fraser found her one afternoon
huddled in a corner, dull and spiritless, in
the depths of a depression that seemed
almost too deep for tears. He thought he
knew what the trouble was. He took her
on his lap and said, "Are you lonesome,
Bisha?”

   She whispered, "Yes.”

   He tried to talk to her. It was like talk-
ing to a blank wall. At last he said helpless-
ly, “Try not to miss them too much, Bisha.
I know I’m not the same as your own
family, and this place is strange to you, but
tr7;”

   "You’re good,” she murmured. "I like
you. It isn’t that. I was lonesome before,
sometimes.”

   "Lonesome for what, Bisha?”

   "I don’t know. Just—lonesome.”

   Queer little tyke, thought Fraser, but
then most kids are queer to adult eyes,
full of emotions so new and untried that
they don’t know quite how to come out.
And no wonder she’s depressed. In her
spot, who wouldn’t be?

   He put her to bed early, and then, feel-
ing unusually tired after a long day’s work,
he turned in himself.

   He was awakened by Bisha, shaking him,
sobbing, calling his name. Leaden and half
dazed, he started up in alarm, asking her
what was the matter, and she whimpered,
"I was afraid. You didn’t wake up.”

   "What do you mean, I didn’t wake up?”
He sank back again, weighted down with
the sleep he had not finished, and began
to bawl her out. Then he happened to look
at the clock.

   He had slept a trifle over fourteen hours.
Mechanically he patted Bisha and begged
her pardon. He tried to think, and his
brain was wrapped in layers of cotton wool,
dull, lethargic. He had had one drink before
going to bed, not enough to put anyone out
for one hour, let alone fourteen. He had
not done anything physically exhausting.
He had been tired, but nothing the usual
eight hours wouldn’t cure. Something was
MARS MINUS BISHA

99

wron£, and a small pinpoint of fear began
to prick him.

  He asked, ‘'How long have you been
trying to wake me?"

   She pointed to a chair that stood beside
the window. "When I began, its shadow
was there. Now it is there.”

  As near as he could figure, about two
hours. Not sleep, then. Semi-coma. The
pinprick became a knife blade.

   Bisha said, so low that he could hardly
hear her, "It is the sickness that was in
our tribe. I have brought it to you.”

   "You might have, at that,” Fraser mut-
tered. He had begun to shiver, from the
onset of simple panic. He was so far away
from help. It would be so easy to die here,
walled in by the endless miles of desert
The child had withdrawn herself from
him. "You see,” she said, "the curse has
followed me.”

   With an effort, Fraser got hold of him-
self. "It hasn’t anything to do with curses.
There arc people we call carriers— Listen,
Bisha, you’ve got to help me. This sickness
—did any of your tribesmen die of it?"
"No—”

   Fraser trembled even more violently, this
time from sheer relief. "Well, then, it’s
not so bad, is it? How does it—”

  "The Old Men said they would die
unless I was taken away and kiiled.” She
had retreated even farther now, to the
other side of the room, to the door. Sud-
denly she turned and ran.

   It was a minute before Fraser's numbed
brain understood. Then he staggered up and
followed her, out into the dust and the
cold light, shouting her name. He saw her,
a tiny figure running between the blue-
black sky and the dull red desolation, and
he ran too, fighting the weakness and the
lassitude that were on him. He seemed to
run for hours with the chill wind and the
dust, and then he overtook her. She strug-
gled, begging to be let go, and he smacked
her. After that she was quiet. He picked
her up, and she wailed, "I don’t want you
to die!”

   Fraser looked out across the pitiless desert
and held her tight. "Do you love me that
much, Bisha?"

   "I have eaten your bread, and your roof
has sheltered me—■** T*he old ceremonial

phrases learned from her elders sounded
odd in her young mouth, but perfectly sin-
cere. “You are my family now, my mother
and my father. I don’t want my curse to
fall on you."

  For a moment Fraser found it hard to
speak. Then he said gently, "Bisha, is your
wisdom greater than mine?”

   She shook her head.

   "Is it your right to question it?"

  "No.”

   "What is your right, Bisha, as a child?**
   "To obey.”

"You are never to do this again. Never,
no matter what happens, are you to run
away from me. Do you hear me, Bisha?”
She looked up at him. "You’re not afraid
of the curse, even now?”

   "Not now, or any other time.1*

  "You want me to stay?”

   "Of course I do, you poor wretched little
idiot!”

  She smiled, gravely, with the queer
dignity he had seen in her before. "You
are a very great doctor,” she said. "You
will find a way to lift the curse. I’m not
afraid, now.”

SHE lay warm and light in the circle of
his arms, and he carried her back to
the Quonset, walking slowly, talking all
the way. It was odd talk, in that time and
place. It was about a far-off city called San
Francisco, and a white house on a cliff
that looked out over a great bay of blue
water. It was about trees and birds and
fishes and green hills, and all the things a
little girl could do among them and be
happy. In the past few minutes Fraser had
forgotten Karappa and the authorities of
Mars. In the past few minutes he had
acquired a family.

  Back in the lab Fraser began work. He
questioned Bisha about the sickness as she
had seen it in her tribe. Apparently the
seizures came at irregular intervals and in-
volved nothing more than the comatose
sleep, but he gathered that the periods of
unconsciousness had been much shorter,
often no more than a few minutes. That
could be accounted for by acquired resist-
ance on the part of the Martians. Bisha, of
course, had never had the sickness, and
Fraser imagined that the accident of natural
100

PLANET STORIES

immunity had caused her to be picked for
the tribal scapegoat.

   His own symptoms were puzzling. No
 temperature, no pain, no physical derange-
 ment, only the lassitude and weakness, and
 by next morning they had passed off. He
 consulted his books on Martian pathology.
 There was nothing in them. He ran a series
 of exhaustive tests, even to a spinal tap on
 Bisha, which she took to be a very potent
 ritual of exorcism. He would rather have
 done one on himself, but that was impos-
 sible, and there might be evidence in the
 child of some latent organism.

   The test was negative. All the tests were
 negative. He and Bisha both were as healthy
 as horses.

   Baffled but intensely relieved, Fraser be-
 gan to think of other explanations for the
 ailment. It was not a disease, so it must be
 a side-etfect of some physical condition,
 perhaps the light gravitation or pressure, or
 the thin atmosphere, or all three, that
 affected Martians as well as Earthmen, but
 in a lesser degree. He made a detailed
 report, thrusting into the back of his mind
 as a small worry that no such side-effect
 had ever been observed before.

   He waited nervously for a recurrence. It
 didn t come, and as the work in the lab
 demanded more and more of his attention
 he began to forget about it. The time that
 he woke up in his chair with an untasted
 drink beside him and no memory of having
 gone to sleep he put down resolutely to
 weariness and overwork. Bisha had retired
 with another fit of the blues, so she knew
 nothing about that, and he didn’t mention
 it. She seemed to be getting over the curse
 fixation, and he wanted to keep it that way.

   More time went by. Bisha was learning
 English, and she could name all the trees
 that stood around that house in San Fran-
 cisco. The confinement in the small hut
 was getting them both down, and she was
 as anxious to leave as Fraser, but apart
 from that everything was going well.

   And then the nomads came in from the
 desert for the fall trading.

   Fraser barred the doors and drew the
 blinds. For the three days and nights of the
 trading he and Bisha hid inside, with the
 distant sound of the pipes and the shouting
 coming to them muffled but poignant, the

 music and the voices of Bisha’s own people,
 her own family among the tribes. They
 were hard days. At the end of them Bisha
 retired again into the remoteness of her
 private grief, and Fraser let her alone. On
 the fourth morning the nomads were gone.

   Fraser thanked whatever gods there were.
 Weary and dragged out, he went into the
 lab, hating the work now because it took
 so much out of him, anxious to have it
 finished. He started across the room to
 open the blind—

   He was lying on the floor. The lights
 were on and it was night. Bisha was beside
 him. She seemed to have been there a long
 time. His arm ached. There were clumsy
 wrappings on it, stained with blood. Shards
 of glass littered the end of the lab bench
 and the floor. The familiar leaden numb-
 ness pervaded his whole body. It was hard
 to move, hard to think. Bisha crept to him
 and laid her head on his chest, silently, like
 a dog.

   Very slowly Fraser’s head cleared, and
 thoughts came into it. 7 must have fallen
 across the bench. Good God, what if I had
 broken the virus cultures? Not only us, the
 whole town— I might have bled to death,
 ami what would happen to Bisha? Suppose
 I did die, what would happen to her?

   It took longer this time to return to
 normal. He stitched up the cuts in his arm,
 and the job was not neat. He was afraid.
 He was afraid to leave his chair, afraid to
 smoke, afraid to operate the stove. The
 hours crawled by, the rest of the night, an-
 other day, another evening. He felt better,
 but fear had grown into desperation. He
 had only Bisha’s word that this illness was
 not fatal. He began to distrust his own
 tests, postulating alien organisms unrecog-
 nizable to the medical science he knew.
 He was afraid for himself. He was terrified
 for Bisha.

   He said abruptly, "I am going into the
 town.”

   Then I will come with you.”

   "No. You’ll stay right here. I’ll be all
 right. There is a doctor in the town, a
 Martian healer. He may know—”

   Fie went out, into the bitter darkness and
 tie blazing of the stars. It seemed a lone
 way to the town.

   He passed the irrigated land, stripped
MARS MINUS BISHA

101

 of its harvest, and came into the narrow
 streets. The town was not old as they go
 on Mars, but the mud brick of the walls
 had been patched and patched again, fight-
 ing a losing battle with the dry wind and
 the scouring dust. There were few people
 abroad. They looked at Fraser and passed
 him by, swarthy folk, hot-eyed and per-
 petually desperate. The canal was their god,
 their mother and their father, their child
 and their wife. Out of its dark channel they
 drew life, painfully, drop by drop. They
 did not remember who had cut it, all the
 long miles from the polar cap across the
 dead sea-bottoms, across the deserts and
 through the tunnels underneath the hills.
 They only knew that it was there, and that
 it was better for a man to sin the foulest
 sin than to neglect the duty that was on him
 to keep the channel clear. A cruel life, and
 yet they lived it, and were content.

  There were no torches to light the streets,
but Fraser knew the house he wanted. The
door of corroded metal opened reluctantly
to his knock and closed swiftly behind him.
The room was small, lit by a smoky lamp
and barely warmed by a fire of roots, but
on the walls there were tapestries of incal-
culable age and incredible value.

TOR-ESH, the man of healing, did well
at his trade. His robe was threadbare,
but his belly protruded and his chops were
plump, unusual things among his lean
people. He was fetish-priest, oracle, and
physician, and he was the only man of the
town who had shown any interest in Fraser
and his work. It was not necessarily a
friendly interest. He gave Fraser the tradi-
tional greeting, and Fraser said stiffly,

  "I need your help. I have contracted an
illness—”

  Tor-Esh listened. His eyes were shrewd
and penetrating, and the smile that was
habitually on his face left them untouched.
As Fraser talked, even that pretense of a
smile went gradually away.

  When he was finished, Tor-Esh said,
“Again. More slowly, please, your Martian
is not always clear,”

  "But do you know what it is? Can you
tell me—”

  Tor-Esh said, "Again!”

  Fraser repeated the things he had said,

trying not to show the fear that was in him.
Tor-Esh asked questions. Accurate questions.
Fraser answered them. For a little bit Tor-
Esh was silent, heavy-faced and grim in the
flickering light, and Fraser waited with his
heart pounding in his throat.

   Tor-Esh said slowly, "You are not ill.
But unless a certain tiling is done, you will
surely die.”

  Fraser spoke in anger. "Talk sense! A
healthy man doesn’t fall off his feet. A
healthy man doesn’t die, except by acci-
dent.”

   "In some ways,’’ said Tor-Esh very soft-
ly, "we are an ignorant people. It is not
because we have not learned. It is because
we have forgotten.”

   "I’m sorry, I didn’t mean— Look, I came
to you for help. This is something I don’t
understand, something I can’t cope with."

  "Yes.” Tor-Esh moved to the window,
dark in the thickness of the wall. "Have
you thought of the canal? Not only this one,
but the many canals that bind Mars in a
great net. Have you thought how they must
have been built? The machines, the tremen-
dous power that would have been needed,
to make a dying world live yet a little
longer. We are the children of the men
who conceived and built them, and yet
nothing is left to us but the end product
of their work, and we must grub with our
hands in the channel, digging out the blown
sand.”

   "I know,” said Fraser impatiently. "I’ve
studied Martian history. But what—”

  "Many centuries,” said Tor-Esh, as
though he had not heard. "Nations and
empires, wars and pestilences, and kings
beyond the counting. Learning. Science.
Growth and splendor, and weariness, and
decay. Oceans have rolled away into dust,
the mountains have fallen down, and the
sources of power are used up. Can you
conceive, you who come from a young
world, how many races have evolved on
Mars?”

  He turned to face the Earthman. "You
have come with your thundering ships, your
machines and your science, giving the lie
to our gods, who we thought had created
no other men but us. You look upon us as
degraded and without knowledge—and
yet you too are an ignorant people, not be-
102

PLANET STORIES

cause you have forgotten, but because you
have not yet learned. There are many sci-
ences, many kinds of knowledge. There
have been races on Mars who could build
the canals. There were others who could see
without eyes and hear without ears, who
could control the elements and cause men
to live or die as they willed it, who were
so powerful that they were stamped out
because men feared them. They are forgot-
ten now, but their blood is still in us. De-
struction of a people is never complete.
We few who are left are blended into one
race, but their blood is in us. And some-
times a child is born—”

   Fraser stiffened.

  Tor-Esh said quietly, "There was talk
among the nomads about a child.”

   Nerves, drawing tight in Fraser’s belly.
Fear-nerves, and a chill sweat. I never men-
tioned Bisha. How could he know—

   "I'm not interested in folk lore. Just tell
me—

   "There was a certain evil in the tribe.
When the child was taken away, the evil
departed. Now it is in your house. It seems
that the mother lied. The child is not dead.
She is with you.”

   "Witchcraft and sorcery,” Fraser snarled.
"Curses and cowardice. I thought you knew
better, Tor-Esh.” He started for the door.
"I was a fool to come here.”

  Tor-Esh moved swiftly and placed his
hand on the latch, that it might not be
lifted until he was through.

   "We are ignorant folk, but still we do
not kill children because we find pleasure
in it. As for witchcraft and sorcery—words
are words. Only facts have meaning. If you
wish to die, that is your affair. But when
you are dead the child must come into the
town—and that is our affair. I will send
word to the nomads. The girl is theirs, and
the duty belongs to them, we do not w'ish
it. But until they come I will set a wall
around your house. You are likely to die
quite soon. There were twenty in her tribe
to share the curse, but you are alone, and
we can take no chances.”

   Seeing, perhaps, the absolute horror in
Fraser’s face, Tor-Esh added, "It will be
done mercifully. We bear the child no
hate.”

   He lifted the latch, and Fraser went into

the narrow street. He turned toward the
desert, and when he had crossed the
ploughed land he began to run. He ran
fast, but a rider passed him, speeding into
the desert on the track of the caravan.

  Bisha was waiting for him, sleepily anx-
ious. He said, "You know where the food
is. Pack as much as you can in the trac-car.
Blankets, too. Hurry up, we’re leaving.”

HE WENT into the laboratory. In violent
haste, but with the utmost care, he
destroyed the work of months, tempted as
he did so to forget ethics and scatter his
virus cultures broadcast into the town. Evil.
Superstition. Legendary warlocks, tales of
mighty wizards. He had read some of the
old imaginative stories, written before space
flight, in which ruthless Earthmen were
pictured trampling innocent Mars under
their feet. Logic and logistics both had made
that impossible, when it came to the un-
romantic reality, and he was almost sorry. He
would have liked to trample some Martians
under his feet.

  When the laboratory was cleansed, he
threw his notes together in a steel box and
took them into the dust-tight shed at the
back of the Quonset where the trac-car was
housed. Bisha, tear-streaked and silent, had
been patiently lugging supplies. He checked
them rapidly, added a few more, and swung
the child up into the cab. She looked at
him, and he realized then that she was
frightened. "Don’t worry,” he told her.
"We’re going to be all right.”

  "You’re not taking me back?”

  He said savagely, "I’m taking you to the
Terran consulate at Karappa, and after that
I’m taking you to San Francisco. And no-
body had better try to stop me.”

  He flung open the shed door and climbed
in beside her. The trac-car rolled out clank-
ing across the sand. And already there were
lines of torches, streaming out from the
town, flung across his way.

  He said, "Crouch down on the floor,
Bisha, and stay there. You won’t get hurt.”
He poured on the power. The trac-car
lurched forward, snorting and raising a
great cloud of dust. He headed it straight
for the wavering line of torches, ducking
his head instinctively so that he was pressed
close to the wheel. The cab was metal, and
MARS MINUS BISHA	103

the glass parts of it were theoretically un-
breakable, but he could see now in the
torchlight the bright metal throwing-sticks
of the townsmen, the swift boomerangs that
could take off a man’s head as neatly as a
knife blade. He ducked.

  Something hit the window beside him,
starring it with a million cracks. Other
things whacked and rattled viciously against
the car. The torches fell away from in
front of him, taking with them the dark
startled faces of the men who held them.
He was through the line. The open desert
was before him. Three hundred miles,
Karappa, and civilization.

   If he could beat the nomads.

   He had better beat them. It was his neck
as well as Bisha’s. He needed care. He
needed it fast, from somebody who did not
believe in curses.

  Dawn came, cold in a dark sky, veiled
in dust. There was no canal between them
and Karappa, no town, nothing but the
fine dry sand that flowed like water under
the wind.

  ' Look here,” he said to Bisha. "If I
should suddenly fall asleep—” He showed
her how to stop the trac-car. ’'At once,
Bisha. And stay inside the cab until I wake
again.” She nodded, her lips pressed tight
with the effort of concentration. He made
her do it several times until he was sure
she would not forget.

   The miles flowed out before and behind,
to left and to right, featureless, unbroken.
How long would it take a single rider to
catch a laden caravan? How long for the
desert men on their fleet beasts to find a
trail? The sand was soft and the clanking
treads sank in it, and no matter how much
you wanted to hurry you could go no faster
than the desert would let you.

   Bisha had been thinking hard. Suddenly
she said, "They will follow us."

  She was smart, too smart for her own
good. Fraser said, "The nomads? We can
beat them. Anyway, they’ll soon give up.”

  "No, they'll follow. Not you, but me.
And they will kill us both.”

   Fraser said, "We’re going to Eardi. The
men of Mars, and the gods of Mars, can’t
reach there.”

  "They are very powerful gods— Are you
sure?”

  "Very sure. You’ll be happy on Earth,
Bisha.”

   She sat close to him, and after a while
she slept. There was a compass on the dash,
a necessity in that place of no roads and
no landmarks. Fraser kept the needle cen-
tered, setting a course as though with a
ship. I ime and the sand rolled on, and he
was tired.

   Tired.

   You are likely to die quite soon—there
were twenty in her tribe to share the curse—

rjlHE desert whispered. The sounds of
-L the trac-car were accepted and forgotten
by the ear, and beyond them the desert
whispered, gliding, sliding, rippling under
the wind. Fraser's vision blurred and wa-
vered. He should not have pushed himself
so hard at the work. Tired, no resistance
to the sickness. That was why it had been
light among the hardy nomads, more serious
in him, an alien already worn down by
months of confinement and mental strain.
That was why.

  —twenty in her tribe to share it—but
you, alone—

  Three hundred miles isn’t so far. Of
course you can make it. You’ve made it in
an afternoon, on Earth.

  This isn’t Earth. And you didn’t make
it in a cold creeping desert.

  You, alone—

  Damn Tor-Esh!

  "Bisha, wake up. We need some food.
And first off, I need that bottle.”

  With a drink and some food inside him
he felt better. "We’ll keep on all night.
By morning, easy, we'll be in Karappa. If
the nomads are following, they’ll never
catch up.”

  Mid-afternoon, and he was driving in
a daze. He lost track of the compass. When
he noticed it again he was miles off his
course. He sat for some minutes trying to
remember the correct reading, trembling.
Bisha watched him.

   "Don’t look so frightened,” he said. His
voice rose. "I’m all right. I’ll get us there!”
She hung her head and looked away from
him.

  "And don’t cry, damn it! Do you hear?
I've got enough on my neck without you
being doleful.”
104

PLANET 8 f OKIES

   ”It is because of me,” she said. "You
should have believed the words of the Old
Men.”

   He struck her, the first time he had ever
 laid his hand on her in anger. "I don’t want
 any more of that talk. If you haven’t learned
 better in all this time—”

   She retreated to the other side of the
 seat. He got the trac-car going again, in
 the right direction, but he did not go far.
 He had to rest. Just an hour’s sleep would
 help. He stopped. He looked at Bisha, and
 like something that had happened years ago
 he remembered that he had slapped her.

    ''Poor little Bisha,” he said, "and it isn’t
 any of it your fault. Will you forgive me?”

   She nodded, and he kissed her, and she
 cried a little, and then he went to sleep,
 telling her to wake him when the hand on
 the dashboard clock reached five. It was
 hard to rouse when the time came, and
 it was full dark before the trac-car was
 lurching and bucking its way out of the
 sand that had drifted around it. Fraser
 was not refreshed. He felt worse, if any-
 thing, sapped and drained, his brain as
 empty as an upturned bucket.

   He drove.

   He was off his course again. He must
have dozed, and the car had made a circle
to the south. He turned angrily to Bisha and
said, "Why didn’t you stop the car? I told
you—”

   In the faint glow from the dashboard
he saw her face, turned toward the desert,
and he knew the look on it, the withdrawal
and the sadness. She did not answer. Fraser
swore. Of all the times to pick for a fit of
the blues, when he needed her so badly!
She had enough to make her moody, but
it was getting to be a habit, and she had no
right to indulge her emotions now. She
had already cost them precious hours, pre-
cious miles. He reached out and shook her.

   It was like shaking a rag doll. He spoke
 to her sharply. She seemed not to hear.
 Finally he stopped the car, furious with her
 stubbornness, and wrenched her around to
 face him. For the second time he slapped
 her.

   She did not weep. She only whispered,
"I can’t help it. They used to punish me
*00, but I can’t help it.”

   She didn’t seem to care. He couldn’t

 touch her, couldn't penetrate. He had never
 tried to shake her out of these moods before.
 Now he found that lie could not. He let
 her sink back into the corner, and he
 looked at her, and a slow corrosive terror
 began to creep through him because of
 the times before—the times that she had
 been like this.

   The times immediately preceding the
 periods of blackness, the abnormal sleep.

   A pattern. Every time, the same unvaried
 pattern.

   But it made no sense. It was only coin-
 cidence.

   Coincidence, three times repeated? And
 how had Tor-Esh known so certainly that
 the child was with him?

   Three times, the pattern. If it happened
 a fourth time, it could not be coincidence.
 If it happened a fourth time, he would
 know7.

   Could he afford a fourth time?

   Crazy. How could a child’s moods affect
 a man?

   He grabbed her again. A desperation
 came over him. He treated her roughly,
 more roughly than he could ever have
 dreamed of treating a child. And it did no
 good. She looked at him with remote eyes
 and bore it without protest, without inter-
 est.

   Not a mood, then. Something else.

   What?

   Sometimes a child is born—

 FRASER sent the trac-car rushing for-
 ward along the beam from its head-
 lights, a bright gash in the immemorial
 dark.

  He was afraid. He was afraid of
Bisha. And still he would not believe.

   Get to Karappa. There’s help there.
 Whatever it is there’ll be somebody to know
 the truth, to do something. Keep awake,
 don’t let the curtain fall again.

   Think. We know it isn’t a curse, that’s
 out. We know it isn’t a disease. We know
 it isn’t side-effects, they’d have been ob-
 served. Besides, Tor-Esh understood.

   What was it he said about old races?
 What did they teach us about them in the
 colleges? Too much, and not enough. Too
 many races, and not enough time.

   They could see without eyes and hear
MARS MINUS BISHA

105

without ears, they could control the ele-
ments—

  He tried to remember, and it was a pain
and a torment. He looked at the child. Old
races. Recessive genes, still cropping out.
But what’s the answer? ESP is known among
the Martians, but this isn’t ESP. What,
then?

  A remnant, a scrap of something twisted
out of shape and incomplete?

  What is she so lonesome for, that she
doesn’t know?

  The answer came to him suddenly, clear
as the ringing of a bell. A page from a
forgotten text book, hoarded all these years
in his subconscious, a casual mention of a
people who had tried to sublimate the con-
ditions of a dying world by establishing a
kind of mental symbiosis, living in a tight
community, sharing each others’ minds and
their potentials, and who had succeeded
in acquiring by their mass effort such pow-
ers of mental control that for several cen-
turies they had ruled this whole quadrant
of Mars, leaving behind them a host of
legends.

  And a child.

  A child normal and healthy in every
way but one. Her brain was incomplete,
designed by a cruel trick of heredity to be
one of a community of inter-dependent
minds that no longer existed. Like a battery,
it discharged its electrical energy in the
normal process of thinking and living, and
like a run-down battery it must be charged
again from outside, because its own regen-
erative faculty was lacking. And so it stole
from the unsuspecting minds around it, an
innocent vampire draining them whenever
it felt the need.

  It was draining his now. There had
been twenty in her tribe, and so none of
them had died as yet. But he was alone.
And that was why the intervals had short-
ened, because he could no longer satisfy
her need.

  And the Martians in their ignorance were
right. And he in his wisdom had been
wrong.

  If he put her out now, and left her in
the desert, he would be safe.

  He stopped the car and looked at her.
She was so little and helpless, and he had
come to love her. It wasn’t her fault. Some-
thing might still be done for her, a way
might be found, and in a city she would
not be so deadly.

  Could he survive another plunge into
the darkness?

  He didn’t know. But she had run away
once of her own accord, for his sake. He
could do no less than try.

  He took her into his arms.

  The curtain dropped.

  Fraser woke slowly, in brazen sunshine
and a great silence. As one creeping back
from the edge of an abyss he woke, and
the car was very still. There was no one
in it with him. He called, but there was
no answer.

  He got out of the car. He walked, call-
ing, and then he saw the tracks. The tracks
of the nomads’ beasts, coming toward the
car from behind. The small tracks of Bisha’s
feet, going back to meet them.

  He stopped calling. The sound of his
voice was too loud, too terrible. He began
to run, back along that trail. It ended in
a little huddle of clothing that had no life
in it.

  She had broken her promise to him. She
had disobeyed and left him, asleep and safe,
to meet the riders by herself, the riders who
were following her, not him.

  So small a grave did not take long to
dig.

  Fraser drove on. There was no more
danger now, but he drove fast, seeing the
desert in a blur, wanting never to see it
again, wanting only Earth—but not a white
house there that for him would be forever
haunted.
 SOLAR STIFF

By

CHAS. A. STOPHER

 PROBOS FIVE gazed at the white ex-
 panse ahead, trying to determine where
 his ship would crash. Something was
 haywire in the fuel system of his Interstar
 Runabout. He was losing altitude fast, so
 fast that all five pairs of his eyes couldn’t
 focus on a place to land.

   Five pairs of arms, each pair about three
 feet apart on the loglike body, pushed but-
 tons and rotated controls frantically, but
 to no avail. In a few short minutes it would
 all be over for Probos Five. Even if by some
 miracle he remained unhurt after crashing,
 lie would die shortly thereafter. The frigid
 climatic conditions of the third planet were
 deadly to a Mercurian. He thought once of
 donning his space suit but decided against
 :t. That would merely prolong the agony.
 From Planet Three, when one has a smashed
 space cruiser, there is no return. Probos Five
 knew that death was riding with him in the
 helpless ship. The situation did not unneces-
 sarily dismay him; Mercuriarts are philoso-
 phers.

   Probos Five ceased to manipulate the un-
 responding controls. Stretching his trunk'
 like torso to its full twenty feet, four heads
 gazed through observation ports at the four
 points of the compass while the remaining
 head desultorily watched the instrument
 panel.

   Since die he must, Probos Five would
 meet his end stoically, and five pairs of
 stumpy arms folded over five chests in a co-
 ordinated gesture of resignation.

   Probos Five thought fleetingly of his wife
 Lingua Four and remembered with some an-
 noyance that she was the author of his pres-
 ent predicament. A social climber, Probos
 Five thought to himself, but aside from that
 a good wife and mother in addition to being
 a reigning beauty. Lingua Four was tall even
 for a Mercurian. Already she scaled seven
 dergs, or in Earth terms, fourteen feet and
 was beginning to show evidences of a fifth
 106

Totem poles are a dime a dozen north
of 63“ .. . but only Ketch, ihe lying
Eskimo, vowed they dropped out of
frigid northern skies.

head. Five heads were rarely found on
females and Probos Five was justly proud
of his good fortune. In all Mercury at the
present time, he knew of but two females
possessing five heads and soon Lingua Four
would be the third of her sex to be thus
endowed.

    Yes,” thought Probos Five, "a woman
to be proud of, for today after three vargs
of marriage the memory of her trim trunk
with four pairs of eyes laughing mischiev-
ously, filled his five brains with flame. Slim
as a birch she stood in his memory, and
eight eyes whispered lovers' thoughts across
space and time.

   Probos Five recalled his five minds from
 their nostalgic reverie and gazed at the con-
 tour of the Earth that was rushing up to
 meet him. White, blazing white reflecting
 the rays of the midnight sun covered the
 region as far as the eye could reach.

   "Good,” thought Probos Five, "the Polar
 regions. That means the end will come
 quickly. One or two seconds at the most of
 that bitter cold would be enough.”

fTILRNING away from the windows Pro-
-L bos Five let his thoughts return to Lingua
Four, to Probos Iwo, his son, and his home
on the first planet from the sun. Ah, that
is the place to live, thought Probos, the
temperature an unchanging 327°; just com-
fortably warm, where one could enjoy a
life of warmth and ease. Too bad that he
would not live to see it again. Thirty vargs,
he reflected is such a short time. With luck,*
perhaps he may have lived to see a hundred
vargs slip by. And perhaps in time he may
have added three more heads and five dergs
in length to his towering trunk.

  He thought of Probos Two and wondered
idly if his son would also visit the barbarian
worlds to collect data for Lingua Four.

He wished that he could have seen more
of Probos I wo. There’s an up-and-coming
SOLAR STIFF

107

lad, he thought, not quite two vargs old and
two heads already. Yes, indeed, he’s quite a
boy, Probos Five remembered proudly; may-
be his mother will keep him at home instead
of running him all over the universe to get-
material for her committees.

  He wished that Lingua Four would settle
down and be content as a housewife, but he
doubted that she would. Social ambition was
boring like a termite under her bark.

  Lingua Four was determined to be the
first lady of Arbor, the capital city of Mer-
cury. To this end Lingua Four had labored
unceasingly. She was president of half the
women’s clubs of Arbor. She could always
be depended upon to furnish the best in new
and diverting subjects.

  She headed almost all committees for aid
or research on any type of problem. It was
owing to Lingua Four being president of
the Committee for Undernourished Arbor-
ians that Probos Five was making this ill-
starred trip. His purpose was to capture a
few of the upright, divided trunk animals
that inhabited the third planet.

  They were to be transported to Mercury
and given over to scientific study as to their
edible qualities. If it were found that the
divided trunk creatures were fit for Mercu-
rian consumption, the problem of under-
nourishment would no longer exist since the
supply of divided trunks was seemingly in-
exhaustible. Mercurians had made expedi-
tions to the third planet before and every
report concluded with — "Divided trunk
creatures increasing in number.”

  Privately Probos Five doubted the pos-
sibility of using the divided trunks for food
since the last expedition once again reported
a complete lack of captives due to the frail
and tenuous bodies of the divided trunks.
Then too, transportation and preservation
opposed a tremendous problem, not to men-
tion the difficulty of trying to eat something
that might vaporize on your fork. But then
these questions may never arise, he decided,
for of all the reports perused by Probos
Five not one expedition had succeeded in
bringing a divided trunk to Mercury.

   All reports were read to the last letter by
Probos Five before assembling equipment
for his own trip. In the reports he had noted
many of the difficulties of the earlier mis-
sions. Planet Three was impossible for a

Mercurian without a heated space suit. The
temperature of Planet Three was so low that
it would literally freeze a Mercurian stiff in
a matter of seconds.

  The casualties of the early expeditions
had been numerous. Many Mercurians had
succumbed to the bitter cold due to flaws
in space suits and other accidents. A break
in the suit meant instant death. The victims
of such mishaps were invariably buried in
the isolated, sparsely inhabited Polar regions
to avoid alarming the divided trunk crea-
tures.

  It was strange, mused Probos Five, that
the divided trunks were seemingly unable
to bear the slightest increase in tempera-
ture. Their bodies disintegrated upon con-
tact with a Mercurian. Some were roped and
dragged from a distance up to the doors of
the space ships, but no inhabitant of Planet
Three had been closer to Mercury than the
air lock of the space cruisers. As the divided
trunk people were dragged into the air lock,
warm air from the ship would be pumped
into the lock to dispel the frigid air of
Planet Three. As the warmth of Mercury
enveloped the divided trunks they became
quite red, began to melt and finally dis-
solved into a gaseous state, leaving a small
pile of ashes and a disagreeable odor in the
air lock that sometimes lingered for days.

  Probos Five believed he had the solution
for these obstacles in the path of scientific
study of the divided trunks. He had decided
to use guile in place of strength. For this
reason he had come alone and in a small
space runabout to put his solution to the
test. But his solution now could never be
tried, he remembered morosely.

IN THE aft compartment Probos Five had
constructed a refrigeration plant. By
maintaining a constant degree of frigidity
he hoped to deliver a pair of each species of
divided trunks to Mercury. He hoped espe-
cially to capture a complete set and perhaps
a few over to make up for breakage and
losses. As to what form of sustenance the
divided trunks were accustomed to he had
no idea whatsoever. He had intended to
bring samples of earth, vegetation and any-
thing else that may have suggested a source
of food for the divided trunks.

  The thought too had occurred to him that
108

PLANET STORIES

    possibly the divided trunk creatures ate one
    another. On the possibility of this Probos
    Five had determined to capture three black
    ones, three white enes, three yellows, three
    browns and three reds, and three of any
    other color that he might find. He rather
    doubted that more colors or combina-
    tion of colors existed. All previous expedi-
    tion reports had mentioned only the five
    colors. However, Probos Five had deter-
    mined to keep several eyes open on the off
    chance that he might find a new and dif-
    ferent species.

      His refrigerator was modeled along the
    architectural lines of the dens of the divided
    trunks. The main room of the refrigerator
    opened to the outside of the ship by means
    of a small air lode. A Mcrcurian size air
    lock was not needed for the divided trunks,
    as few had been found to be much over
    three dergs in height.

      Winches and cables to pull the divided
    trunks into the refrigerator were installed
    in the refrigerator room itself to avoid
    burning the divided trunks with hot cables
    from other parts of the ship.

      In addition, Probos Five had cunningly
    , devised a refrigerated trap. This too was
    designed to simulate the caves of the divided
    trunk creatures but was smaller. It was con-
    r structed with entrances readily seen and
    exits well hidden. Probos Five had expected
    great things of his trap. He had conceived
    the idea after reading the report of a Mer-
    curian expedition that explored the dens of
    the divided trunks at some place marked

  I	"Coney Island.” According to the reports

the divided trunks showed no hesitancy in
entering these types of dens. In fact, the
writer of the report gave it as his opinion
that the divided ones perhaps played games
in these types of caves. It also mentioned
that some of the dens were equipped with
flat shiny surfaces that cast reflections or
images. Probos Five had incorporated the
image making surfaces into his trap design.
A pity that all this effort must be wasted
thought Probos as he once more turned to
the observation ports to check his remaining
distance from the planet’s surface. Seeing
that his time was short Probos Five turned
all five faces forward in the Mercurian ges-
ture of disdain for death. A moment later
came the shock.

  A week later the proprietor of a novelty
shop in Fairbanks watched two natives with
their dogteam pulling something loglike
through the snow toward the trading post.
Turning to a customer he remarked,

  "Here comes Ketch and Ah Koo dragging
in another Totem Pole. Guess that Ketch
must be the biggest liar ever produced by
the Eskimos. He tried to tell me that Totem
Poles fall from the sky. Says he can always
find one if he sees it fall because it’s so hot
it melts the snow around it. Personally I
think he should be elected president of the
Liars' Club, but I'll buy the Totem Pole
anyway. Those pesky tourists always whittle
a chunk out of my Totem Pole for a
souvenir.”

  "I’m glad he’s bringing me another one,”
the storekeeper concluded, "the one he sold
me last year is about whittled away.'*
THE VIZIGRAPH

109

THE VIZIGRAPH

(Continued from page 3)

  The letters—best was Calvin Thomas Beck's (tho
as usual he goes off the deep end in some of his
remarks.) Other two qualifying were (2) Joe
Keogh, (3) Carol McKinney. Getting back to Beck's
letter. ... I seriously doubt that Berry is Fearn.
Incidentally, before and during the war Fearn pro-
duced an astounding amount of material under a
variety of pen names. The two most often used were
Polton Cross and Thorton Ayre, a total of 61 stories
carried the byline of one or the other. I take issue
with Beck on the statement concerning staff artists.
VESTAL is one brush pusher good enough to work
for ANYBODY, he ranks VERY high on my ap-
preciation list. Agree wholeheartedly with Cal how-
ever on the matter of the proposed "fannish" columns.
It’s not necessary to deal with club and convention
news but a fanzine review is sorely needed. Out
of the 30-odd mags published today only 2 have
them (and one of these is a quarterly).

A/3c Paul Mittelbuscher

LOVE—NOT CASH!

                            807 N. Main
                            Carlsbad, N. Mex.

Dc-ar Editor,

  You may start reading here:

  Seems funny when a fan realizes the different __
cults that exist in stf-dom. Who'd suppose that such
devotion could survive over the prime object of one
solitary pulp mag. But I can see that several fans
agree with me and my unspoken feelings.

  You see, back in the grand old year of '47 when
fans were fans and proud of the fact, I discovered
my first PLANET. Since then, they've multiplied
into a whole solar system.

  As for this club—or cult—I’ve come to the con-
clusion that it consists of all of the fans who entered
stf through a copy of PLANET and have remained
faithful over the years. Whereas, the same thing
happens in the case of other mags. A person who
read AMAZING first will probably remain true to
AMAZING. Or, the fan in question might buy other
mags, but to him the first one will always be the
best.

  Thus is PLANET to me. I’m a firm member of
the PLANET Cult. And, as my membership is slight-
ly past the freshman stage, I uphold my rights! The
rights of every PLANET loving fan! ! !

 PLANET MUST NOT BE CHANGED!

  These new digest mags attract most of the old
writers, all right, with their higher rates. But
PLANET has her name writers too. However, when
they appear in PLANET, it’s because they're writing
for the love of it, not for the cash. Or leastways,
their agent has a soft spot in his heart and realizes
that a good story would be more appreciated in
PLANET than anywhere else.

  In the Sept. issue, Leigh Brackett was up to her
usual standard with a good story, THE ARK OF
MARS.

  Pics to McKinney, McLean, and Keogh.

  And after this letter sees print and the fans vote
it as number one in VIZI—you can send me the
Illo by Wood in the Sept. issue. You should buy
more of his work. His illos prove that he puts out
a heck of a lot of work on each one. Nice.

MUZZY forever,

                           Claude R. Hall

STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE

718 Oliver Ave. N.

Minneapolis, Minn.

Dear Editor:

  Waiting for a streetcar the other day, I happened
to glance at the magazine stand situated at the car
stop. What I saw there caused a state of shock.
I wasn't released from it until I had bought the
Sept. issue of PLANET Stories and stared at the
cover for a full ten minutes. For the first time in the
seven years I’ve been reading S-F, I saw IT! IT
meaning a girl on the cover of an S-F magazine,
wearing a space suit in space.

  Now it isn’t that I'm against half-nude gals on
covers, but I’m a firm believer in the equality of the
sexes. If men have to wear space suits, women
should too. Also, I doubt tiiat anyone buys your
magazine for the pin-up value of its covers.

  Besides, I believe I enjoy the covers much more
than anyone. Why? Because of a simple optical
device that I use. It's by removing the lenses from
the viewers used for 3-D movies, and replacing one
with a transparent piece of blue plastic, and the
other with red plastic. Try it. When looking at a
picture, it gives the illusion of depth.

  However, they do not work for black and white
illustrations. I'm still working on that.

And now for my worthless opinions on the stories.

  WHERE SEX MET SPACE—Now there's a story
I really enjoyed. For a changc the female was frus-
trated instead of the male.

  BUNZO FAREWELL was well written. However,
the human-being-infant-spider-food is being overused
these days.

  PREVIEW OF PERIL was a good yarn, though
someone’s bound to yell space-opera.

  The rest aren't worth mention except THE ARK
OF MARS. That was particularly putrid.

Yours for novelet-length novelets,

Leo Wolf

POLLING ALL FEN

385 No. 8th East St.

                             Provo, Utah

My dear Ed:

  I can’t stand it! ! How obvious can you get and
still face yourself in a mirror? It’s really something
when authors must resort to disgustingly obvious
pen names, such as spelling their own name back-
wards (as Derfla Leppoc did in the new Vortex S.F.
mag) and somebody who really came up with a
dilly in the Sept. ish—SOL GALAXAN. Great Ghu
and all his little ghuls! You'd think that with
enough imagination to write the story in the first

f>iace, the guy could come up with something much
ivelier, such as John Jones, no doubt.

  Leigh Brackett’s compelling space-opc-ra was thor-
oughly enchanting, from the descriptions of the dead
Martian cities and ancient landscapes to the emptiness
of the silent void. This took all honors by a wide
margin!

 Next was THE UNRECONSTRUCTED WOM-
AN, an odd little tale, made other-worldly by the
different writing technique. It alone would have
made the mag worth buying, not to mention Brac-
kett!

  The others are the kind you read once, rate casu-
ally to yourself, from disinterest to passable enjoy-
ment, and promptly forget. After all, it does take
some crud to really appreciate the classic gems!

   Letters:

  1. Paul Mittelbuscher, 2. Maril Shrewsbury,
Nancy Moore.
110	PLANET

  I would like to thank all those who have recently
aided me in the stf mag popularity poll. Perhaps
Mr. O’Sullivan can be prevailed upon to grant a
few precious paragraphs for the results? (Well,
we'll sooq know if he did or not, anyway!)

  Finally managed to drag 172 lists out of as many
fea, both actifen and those who are content merely
to read the contents of various prozines. They listed
their 10 favorite stf mags in order of preference.
However, 172 are hardly the majority of readers of
even one state, let alone the whole country and
Canada, so—would you, wherever you are, please
help out? ?

  Send me your lists of 10 favorite mags on a sepa-
rate piece of paper or postcard immediately. Over
1,000 votes should be counted before we can be sure
that a typical result has been gained.

Stfly,

Carol McKinney

Ed’s Note: A* you say, Carol, 172 liftings hardly
constitutes an acceptable basis for ratings. Neither,
perhaps, doea 1,000. However, when the latter
total is reached Ml be glad to print the ratings io
the VIZIGRAPH. Fair enough?

SO LONG SOL

                          1102 9th Street

                        Rapid City, South Dakota

Dear Editor,

  If your authors have to use pen names don’t
make them as obvious as Sol Galaxan. This is a
very lousy type of a pen name. If Sol Galaxan isn't
a pen name, I feel sorry for the person to whom it

belongs.

  Leigh Brackett usually writes good stories and
THE ARK OF MARS was no exception. The plot
was good because it was plausible. Leigh should do
a iequel to it based on the problems of life on the
new world. This is of course, providing she can
find s. plot that hasn’t been used a couple of hundred
times.

  PREVIEW OF PERIL and MISS TWEEDHAM’S
ELOGARSN were the only good short stories. Cut
down on the short stories and have longer and more
novels and novelets.

  I agree with Carol McKinney on the subject of
PLANET having longer editorials. Letters: Calvin
T. Beck, Joe Koegh, Carol McKinney.

Sincerely yours,

John Truax

Ed'a Note: When that weird-looking quadruped,
breathing fire, and exuding strange vapors, pierced
me with his cydop-eye and floated his manuscript
onto my desk,' who am I to dispute the monicker
he gave me . . . Sol Galaxan.

VAL THE VALIANT

                                 64y3 E. 4th Pl.
                                 Tulsa, Okla.

Dear Ed,

  For shame on you! You sneaked up on me. Has
PI.ANET secretly gone monthly? It doesn't seem
like two months since the last issue. Well, all for
the better.

  Bless your heart, to top off an already good issue
vou give us Leigh Brackett. PLANET Stories is
back in its stride now, Brackett hadi returned. Need
I say that she had a dam good story. Doesn’t she

always!

  J. W. Groves slipped in die No. 2 slot* Hooray
for Sex!

STORIES

  Only story I really didn't care much for was
R. M. Williams litde tiling. So she was a call
girl, but she tore up her teachers certificate. The
Martians weren't in the least frightening. Were they
supposed to be?

  The Sept. PLANET is about the best this year.

  Now to the heart of the matter. The VIZIGRAPH.
May it live long.

  Agreed with practically everything Calvin Beck
had to say. Okay Jack, why don't you try some fan
features. It would sell more copies.

  Why do people keep picking on Bryan Berry?
I liked him. The old meanics.

  Now Fredrick B. Christoff's letter I liked because
he agrees with I. Mostly. Also he’s a friend.

  Flying Saucers still? From a Fem Fan? I’d better
keep my mouth shut, I suppose.

  Mittelbuscher's letter was interesting. One thing
tho—PLEASE DO NOT TRIM THE BLANKETY
BLANKETY EDGES. That’s all you hear these
days, trimmed edges. I can’t see where trimmed
edges make one bit of difference in the story quality.

  H-mra. I see the flaw in my argument tho. If
the edges .make no difference in the story quality,
they do make a nicer looking mag. All rite, so I’m
wrong. I take it all back.

  Mr. Ed: I didn't care for your note at the end of
Carol McKinney's letter. So you are going to refuse
to have any fan interest columns. Why not put it
to a vote. That’s the fair way of doing things. If
you showed the publisher the outcome I’m sure
they wouldn't raise hell about it Come on, be
a sport. In case you decide to, I vote for diem.

  Why do people like H.E.N. keep complaining
about the femmes on the cover. No sense of humor,
that’s all.

  Why doesn’t Russell Brown get in touch with
Ray Palmer about his flying saucers. Or better yet,
write an article for WHISPERING SPACE. Ha, 1
sneaked in an ad. (I hope.)

  I’m sure if Paul Miller would only read the back
cover he would find it very useful. Highly interest-
ing. You can read that small print and feel touched
by something bigger than yourself. What?

  Gee Whi2l Gosh Wow! A Mother Nature type-
writer in the letter column. Aw, come on Evelyn,
let us poor fans be critics. Let us have our fun.
After all we can’t be cultured and flourishing like
unto you.

Val Walker

BORDER RAIDER

39 Cameron St. S.

Kitchener, Ontario

Greetings and Halucinations:

  May I be permitted to utter that well known
phrase, ’'WHAT! NO BEMs?” Not only is there
no BEMs, but the cover illustrates a scene from
TAOMs. This will never do, sir. You had better
be careful or be making with a new editor. That
cover was well done and proves that an alien can
look very attractive in a space suit. But who did the
painting? Hmmmmm, why not give die cover artist
a credit line on the contents page?

  I take it you wrote THE FLIGHT OF THE
EAGLE because only an editor could think up such
a pen name as Sol Galaxan. I suggest that you blurb
all future stories as being written by me. Thus, you
and other writers would not have to think up such
lousy pen names.

  I have read complaints that you use comic book
illustrators. You do too! 'Cause Wood is a staff
artist of EC pubs and illustrates stories for theif
THE VIZIGRAPH	111

Stf. comics. Even so I cannot see that anyone could
object to the illo by Wood on page 37. A well
filled out illo, no?

    Can't find any lousy stories thish, so rate them
as follows: (1) THE ARK OF MARS, (2) THE
UNRECONSTRUCTED WOMAN, (3) BUNZO
FAREWELL, (4) MISS TWEEDHAM'S ELO-
GARSN and (5) WHERE SEX MET SPACE. In-
teresting story that BUNZO FAREWELL but they
better bury that plot soon for it’s beginning to
smell unlike a rose. One more thing on BF—the
build-up to the climax was basically Stf. but the
climax falls into the horror class of story. This is
the type of story the Stf. comics rely upon and
I was just wondering if it’s good for PS or is "sauce
for the gander gesse for the goose" or something
to that effect.

    I see that Mittelbuscher is the proud possessor
of a "Cranium Vacuum." I wonder how he and
other fen would like it if I and several others spent
our spare time writing letters to La Vizi, and if you
printed everyone I wrote? It would simplify the
awarding of pics, wouldn't it. I have time to write
several letters to all the prozines, but I prefer to
write only one and take my chances with the rest
of the fen. I agree with Paiol on not changing PS.
PS is basically the same as when it came out 14
years ago. Same messy covers, same lousy stories,
and same fermenting Vizi. Why change after all
these years? Besides PS must live up to the saying
"That everything in STF. changes but PLANET."

Evelyn McLean seems to think that we fen should
not have the right to express our opinions on stories
and illos. Hmmmm, fen that write letters are usually
intelligent. They offer honest opinions on illos and
stories. The editor, if he pays attention, can pretty
well judge what type of story goes over well and
try to obtain the type of story the fen want. In
doing this he keeps them happy, and buying his
respective zine. How could he do this if no opinions
were expressed. Evelyn states she is tired of our
opinions and then offers hers on "space battles and
gruesome animals.” Hmmmm, Miss McLean, allez
vous en.

Best efforts go to (l) Carol McKinney, (2) Joe
(two letter) Keogh, (3) Maril Shrewsbury.

    I’ll be back. Till then I remain,

CanFanaticly,

Fredrick B. Christoff

Ed’s Note: Kelly Freas rendered Sept. cover. Abo
July, Nov., and Jan.

DARLING JEAN

125 Bausman Street

Pittsburgh 10, P*.

Worthy Ed:

    The magazine you're putting out
    Is “Best-In-Show,” I say.

    It suits my tastes, without a doubt;

    Don't change in any way.

    A pox on all trimmed edges, sir.

    The covers? They're just fine.

    And ’cause you print good tales like ARK,

    I’ll take PS for mine!

    So keep the good work up, ye ed;

    In doing so, you'll see

    One happy client kept that way

    (That last refers to me).

Aforementioned satisfied customer,

Jean Mackintosh

THE CAREFUL PURCHASER

2444 Valley St.

Berkeley, Calif.

Dear Editor:

  Thursday night. I put on my trench coat, dark
hat, equally dark gloves and stepped out into the
fog of Berkeley. The street was empty, save for a
drunk leaning against the lamppost reading a copy
of GALAXY.

  Yes, no one was about, so I quickened my pace
in the direction of the local newsstand. I rounded
the corner and saw, like a beacon, bringing home
some wandering soul, the neon sign over the drug
store.

   As I turned into the store, I pulled up my collar
to cover my face and pulled down my hat. Then,
picking up the September issue of PLANET, 1
slithered up to druggist.

   "Twenty-five cents,” says he.

   I plunked down a piece of United States currency
on the counter and started out. It was then that I
was amazed by die cover. No BEM's, no naked
girls out in space without space suits. (And what'«
more, I found out later, it illustrated the story.)

  I was almost tempted to take off my disguijc
and let the man behind the counter recognize me.
"But no,” I said. "I’m a respectable teen ager and
wouldn't be caught dead with an issue of PLANET.

   That is definitely NOT the way I buy my science*
fiction. I am not afraid to be seen by the respectable
citizens of this town with an issue of PLANET in
my hands. People who criticize stf for lurid (so
they say) covers, should be berled in erl. But let
these same individuals be criticized for possession
of a nationally known magazine with a young lady
wrapped in about three inches of gauze, they flip
their lid.

  You could go out to the public beach, and see
the same display, minus of course, space ships and
BEM's. So why should they condemn science fiction
magazines for their covers?

   A good question, say I . . .

  Now, on to the September issue. Number 1—THE
ARK OF MARS, naturally. The rest weren't worth
commenting about in the presence of that novel.

  I have been reading about B.B. in the VIZI-
GRAPH. Joe Blow (oops, sorry, Joe Keogh) and a
score of others seem to think that B.B. has been
using Ray Bradbury’s style of writing. So what?
Bradbury didn’t originate that style, so why cremate
the poor guy because he likes R.B.’s type of writing
and decides to use it?

   I rest my case.

Sincerely,

Don Wegars

ALL PROBLEMS HERE, PLEASE

63 Glenridge Ave.

St Catharines, Ont.

Z>ear Sir,

  Issue after issue, the VIZIGRAPH has been get-
ting more intelligent to read. After all, we have to
admit we're growing up, even in the space-opera
class, and can no longer find it in us to enjoy column
after column of variegated trash, the only difference
in it being that one writer had a preference for rows
of exclamation marks or uncapitalized words.

   But even in this day of renovated wordage, there
Still lurks one last anachronistic system—the voting
arrangement for deciding which letter wins an illo.
All of us have to admit that at one time or another
we've had doubts as to how fairly the balloting is
arranged.
112	PLANET

  la simple terms, the choice rests with the choice
few who send in letters. Sometimes even they neglect
to exercise their franchise, the net result being that
in this democratic continent a clique of ten to fifteen
fen who have had their letters printed (plus I don't
know how many fen who didn't; control the election
exclusively.

  Another perplexing thing is that fen won't take the
trouble to write in, wasting both money and energy,
so that someone else can win a prize. And I don't
blame them. At the most they include their selection
ia a letter of their own, becoming another member
of the clique.

  We have the problem, so how can we find a fair
solution? I don’t know how many times I have
thought that the arranging of the letters has a great
deal to do with the choice, too. You may not have
any real vote, Jack, but you do have a lot of power
when it comes to "electioneering."

  Many readers say, "Well Jack must know the best
ones. That's why he puts them there.” Usually the
first three are the choicest, too, but still there are the
odd good ones circulating around through the rest
of LA VIZI. The back page is left for the neophytes
and fanatics.

  My solution to the problem is not to mix the
letters up, because if the editor wants to arrange
them in order of readability, it makes it that much
easier for us readers to pick out the crud. However,
if you want the average reader to take time to vote,
you'll have to bribe him, as it were, with the bait
of egoboo . . . who can resist that?

  It wouldn't hurt the VIZIGRAPH at all to have
* few letters deleted, and in a couple of columns,
give the readers' names and home cities (addresses
might take up too much room), and the three per-
sons they voted for. Excluding the letter-writers of
that issue of course, who have already outlined their
preferences.

  Readers and fen have been yelling for more
departments lately—why not give ’em that one? It
would He truly a reader’s department, yet it wouldn’t
cost. PLANET any more than paper space.

   The list might be small at first (only a few readers
and fen whose letters were left out) but given time
it could grow into a good two columns. It would
be interesting to both readers, senders, and letter-
writcrs alike to see just how many people voted
for whom.

  Naturally Jack O'Sullivan would laboriously com-
pile an aggregate total for the lazier of us, perhaps
On the line of Astoundingj story scoring system;
but whatever way it's done it would be of interest
to the reader to sec how many of his fellow readers
voted as he did.

  Would that be vi'Wating the PLANET "editorial”
policy, Jack? I also think the odd editorial or in-
formation piece would be welcome, though not
mandatory. We are all adult enough to know that
your well-stated editorial policy was more of a pub-
lisher's policy, since PLANET lias never indulged
if) anything but fiction under any of its editors.

  Give the letters to these hacks in the order of:
Cal Beck, Paul Mittelbuscher (if only in gratitude),
and Evelyn McLean.

  I give the latter only in grudging admiration, for
Evelyn s letter was certainly written in a confident
and humble manner (that's not as contradictory as
it seems), and it made me think, which is more
than a letter of pure criticism, good or bad, will
make me do.

  Evelyn would have so-called arm-chair critics, who

STORIES

are not writers, vent their rage on poison pen letters,
only to burn them and inhale the smoke. But she
forgets that each individual writer gives the reader
something to think about, even if it is only what-
aconceitedslob he is.

  Authors and editors both like to get die audience
reaction, and readers judge their literary awareness
by comparing it with the VIZIGRAPH. If something
new comes up, it provides food for thought in a
letter column discussion.

  It's the same in any mag. Readers like to vent off
steam, editors gauge their reaction, other readers see
and disagree, write a letter in reply . . . quite stim-
ulating, even if it doesn't get you anywhere. So
that’s why there are so many two-bit critics—re-
actions differ, and there are some rare fen that are
capable of seeing a good story when there is one.

  Interior art work has picked up a bit, and the
occasional use of EMSH helps more than a little.
Let me say that this month’s front cover shows
PLANET'S quality is greatly improving. Just as the
late Earle Bergey improved through the years, (and
I assume it is an Anderson job) so has artist
Anderson.

  The lettering didn't in any way destroy the beauty
of the picture, but actually enhanced it. The block
style lettering looks quite neat and clear-cut. When
before Mr. Anderson gave all his efforts to creating
nothing but contrasting, bold blobs, of color, he
has shown this time greater respect for the spec-
trum.

  I advise him to stick to his present style, employ-
ing a dark cover, since he uses shadow painting a
great deal. Besides, the ever present hero shooting
BEM was absent, a woxdiy detail. The only hint of
anything firing was a man holding a repair welder.
Even the ever present girl was fully clad in space
suit, although it was more form-fitting. Superbly
done. I won’t expect the next to be as mature and
as well-drawn as this because you already have a
stock in reserve, but it forecasts a trend for PLANET
that should be cncouraged.

  I suppose I could write two more letters about the
stories, but I’d probably be Censored again by the
fen. Only may I remind the more unfortunate ones
who weren't in on the deal, that I wasn’t the only-
one that ish, and I wrote on two different issues.

  Strangely enough, and by the greatest of coinci-
dence, all eleven letter-writers in this September’s
PLANET all started their masterful epistles out
with: (and I quote) "Dear Editor." I was one of
them. But . . .

  1 give fair warning. If anyone sees me write to
Jack O’Sullivan boosting Bryan Berry, praising rough
edges, loving sloppy drawings, and saying you-know-
who is the best editor since Ben Hibbs and
JWC. . . .

Yours till Venus drys up,

Joe Keogh

Ed’s Note: Anderson’s last cover design graced the
May issue. Kelly Freas rendered the one you have
in mind, Joe, and all others since. As to the selection
of the best letters—the editor has been doing the
selecting for many years now, duly influenced, of
course, by readers’ choices. You overplay the mat-
ter when you use the term '<elect^oneering.,, There’s
nothing in it for me except to choose the most in-
teresting, informative or critical letters. And it is
oidy natural to place several of die better missives
(not all of them, mind you) at the head of the
VIZIGRAPH.
** « mm*

RUPTURE-EASER

for Men! for Women! tor Wcfren! / ove* s

GRATtFUl00'000

r.„ U5i*Si

Or.,..

 C0lfK* off U,,H L -

:r'°»"s;:h,0" -

  4 -<■ *»o,7 ■. A,r i
  1 WII C, Ru> /

- ".:3s./
X"~'

NO FITTING
REQUIRED!

•irtt ^V.,PPO^

 tAQSt

.......IS

          Double $495
  NOW you CAN ...
  THROW AWAY THOSE
  GOUGING, TORTURING
  TRUSSES — GET NEW
  WONDERFUL RELIEF
  WITH

  RUPTURE-EASER

Mr j

ri*r^yU;vr

 i?Ct >*

........

— • ....../ CL

  * ''"«■**, "V' lO'Kri ,VN i
  'HI!, ,	N

  ,e>t ’»OV,0 p,iy*s,,,vyt
  °*°»* tot>Ar?AHCl

    toil

BOP^RL

  &Nii*Ry

.	..a »•"“

 u*'"' t„». •' ‘■ v.a	• —

 RoO"*'* *1. b* '*' -

........

ft

 0( <*«

TO O^Tp.

*• •

 ofVtR

 \0

 tAO^CV

 •b**

»*t««

Bt

 do"

 A »trong, form-fining woshoble jup-	___

  port designed to giro yoi relief ond comfort. Snaps up in front. Adjustable
  bock-loorng ond odjusfoble leg strops. Soft (lot groin pod—no tteel or leotSer
  | bonds. Unexcelled for comforl, invisible under light clothing. Wothoble. Also
  j used oi offer operation support. Sues for men, women and children. Easy to
  er—MAIl COUPON NOWI ( n.i. b< »»*« t« gi»« me 9nd %iAt mMr	)

  !■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■

      J PIPER BRACE CO. 811 Wyandotte, 0«p» F H W3 Kinut City 6, Mo.

      ■ Mmi* »#«d my BUPTUtl-1 A JH by r«twr* m*il.

     I IiqK» s*d« Q S3.93	M««wf# O'cwnd !«*•«» port

     | It** S*d# 0 13 93	*»y ot*)om*n it

   DovW# Q $4 93	............ INCHCS.

*Z£ TOO#

 stR\°0S

I rv<!oi«d it

 flVe«

 8t»«c

 Co.

 V#K»*

 Ao"!

 0*0*

 C'<1

 6. »*!.

        W# Prepay Pott«f« (■<•»! on C.O.O »

   N«t«: K« iw«« »♦	side wh«rt oi^flnf

D «»»»y Order □ CK.<k (cr i ------------- Q U~i C. O. D.

No*#                
AiSi'0it            
C.ty Oa^ S'O't .    

Mm, SHI
Wumii wilk

 ■n.1. n -

 ,w

i «»

Fast growing Industry Offers Youoh

I TRAINED
THESE MEN

  TIWI

Ur

OWN BUSINESS?

•** k« y*if twt,
">•« Iton tk*a
•*'«*•! in iun
<*»• R*torl £k>h.

 ■«. Pr*f*«.
 »V>« iut«
 ftt Wfl, i./».
 "At» .«•

  «*<► i»»

  *«t#U **»• 4« »»r-
  r.sljr »»ik ,'*j J,,|.
  .f. Oft*. f»il K*>k

1.	EXTRA MONEY
 IN SPARE TIME ^

M»ny it • .Vnts make So. $10 a w«k and more EXTRA
nxing neighbors' Radios in spar* time while learning-

        inr.JrV^U.^r0Jl 1 Mn*n* X°u SPECIAL
        BOOKLETS that show you how. Tester you build with
        Kits I send helps rou make extra money servicing sets
        p j*y\rac- • e*Pfrience on c'rcu*t5 common to Radio £

*nd Television. All equipment is yours to keep. g

    2.	GOOD PAY JOB

N’^I£°,urs*s lead 10 thw *nd many o^«r jobs. ™u,o
and Tv service. P.A Auto Radio. Lab. Factor)*, and
Llectronic Controls Technicians. Radio and TV Broad-
casting Police. Ship and Airways Operators and
j echmcians. Opportunities are increasing. The United
i>ta.es has over 105 million Radio*—over 2,900 Broad-
‘acting Stations—more expansion is on the way.

    3.	BRIGHT FUTURE ^

Think of the opportunities in Television. Over 15.000.000
no».'.n us<i TV stations are operating
and 1SW new T\ stations have been authorized . . .
many of them cxu*cted to be in operation in 1953. This
means more jobs-good pay jobs with bright futures.

More operators, installation «<rvice technicians will be
needed. NowJjif he time to ze t ready for a successful
future in TV I Find out what Padio and TV offer you.

You Learn Servicing or Communications
by Practicing With Kits I Send

*	KMft *4.1 Ui Mill. 1^1.1__

 Television Is

 *Mf> J*w •hita tralnlnc **
 l*»f (r*iB*4 u<
 »K*mtfal RAOiOTF.LKVlSION
 T*chnin»»i. Kmi K»,j M
 •tpn»ntt. nunjt m n«« thu
 L.»n>

 Rid.*	*r.r*lj>:,. fro*

  tlliutrttol hiwi Y»» •!(» „■
  PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE. Pw-

  «ur*4 »t Ufl in Js»l • f.» «f th.
  »!«.. •( ».]uipr-^nt y*., bulU
  •It), >u. »f Mrtl I M,.f Y*V ll-
  H''""' »ltt. I*»r*i tirtvtu f*n.
  «• *• Kulw »M T«i**m»tv

M.J C»v»«.-fU4 M

UlIVlUO* Cm »« «m Im

A«* S’*w Stitt t*i *>> KREE

DOUBLE orrrR c«u»*. »mm«

t*» to »<1«*l S«f«lrt>.f !*>.«»;
•Nt-i w )«u l#*t» at km. Y#»*B
•1m m«j«« mr ** o»r« l«oV. »Mmi
to 8« t Smttttt In	’

S««H 'OU(>.« !■	*» MU. *41

W»1 J E 5M1TH,'

SJK, .

tut«. »'»iMnjt«* >. I
0 C. Om> »!>. Y*»f

 Today’s Good
 Job Maker

  TV mikn fnm taut-to
  «MSL 9uUx tor • r»j j*v
  »* • wrv, ttcluii^«n oi *p.

         Mjr nut.. uwt«4».
  ““r '*•*»>• *» TV. You f*i
  *ri«ical	, . . »Afk

  M «miu (MM* to b*<K

  R*4» i»4 T»l*rt«wa »ith my
  tH* N»» u tk. bir4 ta (,l
  toU/ Ita

Good firBoti-TREE

 M* * » IMItM.	IV«• JJRp

     Irt, UH.MU W.0 t

 Mwl ~ Stnpi. Im> 1.1 «.w 8<..k.
 rREE iNoulnaixanll
 • «« »iauk!y I

................... - *«» .

A4«nm . ....................

Suu

 V/CTC •«•!•(«