40 A Dead Man's Business like a tide--just a little at first, then a little bit more--but some like a flood drown you all in a minute. And Babe, with her dark eyes, came that way to Billy. Three days later in the bakery at supper, they were laughing and count- ing out rice-pudding raisins, when Minnie, the blonde little clerk, fairly breathless, came in from outside and rushed over to Billy. "Say, mister," she stammered, "the police is after you! They're over at Clara's huntin' all through your room. Get out of here, quick!" Billy flashed up from the table. Babe caught at his hand. "After you," she cried. "Why, how can they want you?" Billy thought fast. The old lady had followed him down! He snatched a fork from the table, stabbed into his vest, picked out that burning drop of jewel and thrust it into Babe's hand. "Say, keep this," he whispered sharply. "Be here at twelve, and I'll try sure and meet you. We'll beat it together. Just sit tight if they come. Nobody'd think that you've got it." Babe opened her fingers and saw what she held. "Why, what--" she said breathlessly "--where did you get it! You stole it --you stole it--" She looked at him, wide-eyed. "I'll be here at twelve," Billy whis- pered. "Sit tight, sweetheart." Then he brushed past her out to the street, and across it. But the policemen were on him. Babe saw them duck after him into the crowd --saw him knock past a fruit-stand and dive down a basement--then she sud- denly dropped her head into her arms and sobbed wildly, her fingers closed over that glorious thing he had given her. Minnie came to console her. "Be still, now," she said gently. "Nothing's goin' to happen to him. He'll get away. Don't feel so broke up, dearie." Babe looked up, still sobbing, but laughing through tears. "Oh, it's just that I'm happy," she said--"oh, I'm happy!" IV Two hours later, Billy King, a smear of dirt across his face, and in the com- pany of two rotund policemen, arrived at Headquarters. "I'm damned if I know what you want!" he insisted coolly. "I've got nothing--done nothing--give me a--" And then he saw the Kid waiting for him. "Hello, Billy." The Kid smiled. "I hated like hell to chase you, but honest, Billy, it was dirty of you to take that hundred bones of my mother's." Billy's face really flushed, and he fussed for an answer. He'd been ready for a grilling and all the denial on the theft of a million-dollar stone, but the Kid, and that hundred he'd sneaked-- it surprised him--surprised him so much, in fact, that he simply admitted, and shelled out the eighty-some that was left of it. The sergeant wanted to hold him, but the Kid was satisfied. "He's crooked, I know," the Kid said, "but I guess I can get the rest out of him some time. This'll do." So he set up cigars, thanked them all, brushed Billy's coat off--and they left the place together. Neither had much to say for five minutes or so. Billy pulled down his cap and slouched along waiting for the Kid to talk, but when he didn't, and the silence began to hurt both of them, Billy spoke himself. "What time is it, Kid?" he asked. "I got to get back up to Harlem by twelve." 