96 Her Friend, the Burglar nerve? And if she had, she pondered, what would the boss say? In all probability his answer would be no--yet Doris remembered the prov- erb "nothing venture, nothing gain." It was worth taking a chance, she felt, and she also reminded herself that faint heart never won fine feathers. Yes, she would ask him! Timidly she stepped inside and closed the door behind her. The green-shaded desk-lamp was burning at her employer's elbow, and she was conscious of a frown on his weary face. It was not a propitious moment to ask a favor, but Doris told herself that it must be now or never. If she quailed this time, she would never have the courage to approach him again. "Thank you," he said as she put her work in his wire basket. Then he looked at his watch and saw it was after six. Doris hesitated. He was evidently in a hurry, yet something within her urged her to go on. "Mr. Kenyon," she began in a half faltering voice, "I was wondering whether--" "Yes?" he snapped, beginning to sign his name. "Whether the firm would lend me fifty dollars--and take it out of my salary after vacation?" He did not look up. "What for?" came the abrupt ques- tion. "Some things I need--" she explained lamely without desiring to go into detail. "Things you don't need!" he contra- dicted. "You girls are all alike All you think of is making a big splurge during the two weeks of your holiday. In order to do it you're willing to keep your powdered noses to the grindstone for the rest of the year. No, Miss Law- ton, the firm won't lend you fifty dollars or fifty cents!" He pushed the last letter from him and, rising impatiently, took his hat from the clothes pole. In another moment the door closed behind him and Doris found herself standing there, fold- ing and sealing his letters from force of habit. "The old grouch!" she exclaimed bit- terly, and then her sense of humor came to the rescue. "Doris Lawton, you're a goose!" she charged herself. "He sus- pected what you wanted right away. No wonder--after all those bills he had to pay for his wife's and daughter's things. He can't say no to them--so he says just that to you!" She was right. Walking down the paved stretch which divided the lawn in front of the office, Kenyon felt that perhaps he had been a little unfair. In fact he hesitated an instant, almost tempted to go back and tell the girl she might have the sum she wished. Then he shook his head. "She'll be disappointed, of course, but it's better not to let her have it. Lord! Eighteen dollars a week, and she wants to borrow half a hundred to blow on foolishness! Nix!" II Doris was disappointed, but somehow she felt no resentment as she went out into the deserted main office and put on her saucy hat. Deep down in her heart she knew that she could not afford even a small selection from that tempt- ing style book--yet she had looked for- ward to the approaching vacation weeks so eagerly. She liked nice things and she loved to meet pleasant people, and the really nice girls at the resort would have trunkfuls of pretty apparel. "Oh, well," she sighed, "if he won't he won't--so that's all of that! I sup- pose I'll have to make out with what I have." Then she saw Kenyon's check-book and a number of personal papers lying on her desk. The safe had been locked 