The Lost Heiress 119 "From what I could learn, she had left the house the afternoon before to ride in the park. The groom had brought her horse around to the en- trance. She had dismissed him, say- ing she would return about four o'clock. She usually rode alone. Well, four o'clock came, and she didn't return. Five . . . six . . . "The groom began to wonder if something hadn't happened to her. He strolled over toward Central Park, but could see nothing of her. So he went to the stables. There he found a policeman waiting, with the horse. The officer said he had found it nibbling at the shrubbery in the park. . . . "You see, Miss Cornwall was known by sight to the mounted po- lice. So he knew to whom the mare, a thoroughbred animal, belonged. "The officer, when questioned, said that he had seen her gallop along the bridle-path. She had nodded to him as she passed by. That had been about an hour before he found the riderless mare. . . . "To the best of our knowledge, he was the last person who ever saw her. She had simply ridden into Central Park and vanished as com- pletely as if the earth had swallowed her up. And from that day to this nothing has been seen of her. "Needless for me to go into detail as to what we did at first--the ob- vious things, of course, like search- ing the park, inquiring at the hospitals and the morgues. It might have been an accident, you know. But nothing came of that. We even went through the underworld with a fine-tooth comb. Her father, a dis- tinguished, aristocratic old gentle- man, was willing to spend every dollar he had. And it did cost him a pretty sum. "To me there was only one thing to be done--discover a motive. I be- gan to question everybody: her parents; the servants; her friends. All that I was able to discover was that her home life was very happy. She was popular with her circle of friends. Had everything she desired. But I asked them all. . . . "Not even her fiance could tell me anything. She was to have had din- ner that evening with him. He was a prominent young attorney of ex- cellent family and with something of a reputation at the bar. Not a hand- some chap, but I have no doubt he would have made a first-rate husband --as husbands go. Both of the par- ents seemed satisfied with the match. The engagement had even been an- nounced. He was all broken up over it, as you can imagine. So were they all. . . . "It's rather a facer to have some- one you love vanish without a word of farewell, and for no apparent reason. Death is much easier to bear. . ." "I should imagine so," put in the man to whom Barker was telling the story. So far, his face had been ex- pressionless, a mask that concealed his thoughts. But the point that Barker was hoping to make was yet to come. "From what I could find out con- cerning Miss Cornwall," he con- tinued, "she was a healthy, normal girl. Not given to fads. From the way her friends praised her virtues, she didn't seem human. But that was three years ago, and girls weren't as silly then as they are today." The man smiled. "However," said Baker, "I asked her mother if I couldn't look through her rooms. At first Mrs. Cornwall was averse to this. A mid- Victorian modesty, I suppose. I thought it odd at the time. Later I 