108 The Dimpled Dumb-Bell well as of wealth. House-breaking was equally impractical and dangerous. The ring had an air of permanence upon the man's finger, as though it were seldom removed. And burglars are notorious for their habit of staying as far as pos- sible from the householder they desire to rob. Besides, Trip did not know a burglar he could trust, and he was determined to secure the greatest possible amount of the five thousand dollars for himself. His walk carried him once more past the door of the Hotel Gregory. Trip ignored the doorman but recalled his grinning, philosophic remarks con- cerning old men with young ideas. Immediately, the problem was solved. Trip darted into the hotel and tele- phoned an invitation for dinner to Dora Dell. Dora was delighted. Dora was al- ways delighted when Trip condescended to notice her. But Trip didn't conde- scend often. In his estimation, Dora was a dumb-bell. No amount of flutter- ing eyelids and dimpling smiles could counteract the fact that she was scatter- brained. However, Dora was young, and ex- actly the type who could obtain the turquoise from Blanding through senti- mental channels. Pretty in a vain and vapid way, Dora believed that she was clever enough to be useful. And so she was, up to a certain point. Unfortunately, trouble was very likely to begin where her pic- torial usefulness ceased. Trip had met some of this trouble and vanquished it a few months before, and had declared himself finished with Dora. He had, at that time, acquired a large amount of incriminating evidence against her. Therefore, Trip felt equal to the task of dismissing Dora before she put her small mind to work on improving his plan for obtaining the turquoise. "The old guy looks easy," he told her as they finished their dinner at Chin Low's restaurant. "All you have to do is follow him around until he notices you--and any man with half an eye would notice you--" Dora flashed him a smile and dimpled delightedly. Trip frowned and went on with his instructions: "Your job is to get him to let you wear the ring while you eat somewhere. Ber--a jeweler I know--is all set to make a duplicate of it the minute he sees the color of the stone and the bronze. He's had the measurements for years and he can carry the color in his eye." "My eyes are bluer than any turquoise that ever grew," dimpled Dora; "you told me that the first time you saw me." "Ancient history," snapped Trip. "You're to keep me posted as to where you're going with the old boy and I'll have Ber--, my friend, go there, too. All he needs is one little glimpse and the thing's done." "My, you're getting handsome, Trip," said Dora. "I never saw you--" "Cut out the mush stuff, this is busi- ness!" Trip was finding it increasingly difficult to be patient with Dora and her dimpled flirtatiousness. "Do you understand what you're to do?" Dora nodded sulkily. Then a ques- tion occurred to her. "How can a man carry a color in his eye ?" "That's his job," sighed Trip. "All you have to do is to get the ring for a minute and let him see it. After that's done, I'll tell you what to do next--" "I didn't know turquoises were worth much," said Dora, forgetting to dimple. She could not think and flirt at the same time, "You're a dumb-bell," Trip muttered. 