The Dimpled Dumb-Bell 109 "This ring is valuable. It's got seven pages of history in a book. Understand? All about how some Persian king found it at the bottom of an enchanted lake and--" "How do you know this is the one?" inquired Dora as she searched for her powder-puff. "It sounds like a fairy- tale to me." "How do I know you ask foolish questions?" demanded Trip. "Stop thinking, I'm weary." "Oh," said Dora, and her eyelids flut- tered ravishingly. "Then let's go some- where and dance. I love to dance with you. You're so big and strong and--" II A week later, Dora Dell was dimpling for the delight of Darius Blanding. She gazed happily about the Broadway res- taurant to which she had begged prettily to be taken and where she would, when the time came, show Trip Hagar's "friend" the Shah's turquoise. "The incongruity of our little dinner charms me, Miss Dora," said Darius Blanding in a pompously playful at- tempt to make conversation. "Your youth takes twenty years off my life." Dora's eyelids fluttered as she sought for a suitable reply. She had enjoyed the anchovies and she liked the music, but she didn't like Blanding and she didn't understand half he said. She knew, however, that she was charming whether she talked or not, so she smiled and glanced at the turquoise ring on her companion's finger. "Oh," she cried in childish pleasure. "You're wearing a ring exactly the color of my eyes!" She gazed upward that he might see the color of her eyes. Darius Blanding allowed his thin lips to relax beneath the drooping mustache. "You're right," he smiled. "But this stone is many centuries older than your eyes, my child." Dora extended her hand across the table. "Is it an--an--antique?" she asked. "I'd love to touch something that is centuries old." Blanding hesitated a moment, then slipped the ring from his finger and laid it in her pink palm. "Be careful of it," he admonished sharply. "It's very valuable--ex- tremely valuable. A Persian Shah once numbered it among his favorite jewels. I'm far from so exalted a ruler--though I'm probably much richer in dollars and cents--" "Oh," murmured Dora, "are you rich?" She slipped the ring on the index finger of her right hand and pro- ceeded to demolish a French pastry. "How much could you sell it for?" "There has never been a more beauti- ful stone," said Blanding, "andi it is priceless, so far as selling goes." Dora dimpled and gurgled over the color of the turquoise and the oddness of the setting. "It must have cost you a lot," she said in an awed voice. Darius Blanding frowned reminis- cently, then smiled in triumphant recol- lection. "It cost the man who refused to sell me the stone his fortune and his life," he said. Dora's eyes widened and she shud- dered charmingly. "How?" she-whispered. "He wouldn't sell it so--I--but a pretty little girl like you knows nothing of business. Suffice it to say that my financial power drove his firm to the wall, and he killed himself. I took the ring from his widow." The expression on Blanding's face was not pleasant to see. Dora shud- dered again and glanced across the polished dancing floor at a short, florid man who was endeavoring to catch her 