4 No Place for Husbands In a year Jack Harlan had disap- peared, and John R. Harlan, rising young financier, had stepped into his place. Jack's frivolous past was as dead as if he had suffered a stroke of mental aphasia. Farraday and the others were frankly astounded. But young Harlan had brains, he had inherited much of his father's natural flair for finance, and, once his veneer of frothiness was rubbed off by hard work, his progress was not so astonishing as it seemed. There was no question about the hard work. Jack never appeared at the twelve-till-daylight resorts. When he went to the theater, it was to sit in a box with Farraday or some other safe- and-sane business acquaintance. In two years Farraday was giving him responsible work to do. Then John--"Jack" seems out of place now --went to war as a lieutenant of artil- lery. He came back with his ambition to take his late father's place in Harlan &amp; Co. unchanged. Farraday was getting old. The name of John R. Harlan began to appear upon the directorates of some of the Harlan companies once more. CHAPTER II It was about eight years after he had thrown the jazz-life overboard that John married. He was twenty-eight, a full-fledged partner in the Harlan banking-house. If Wall Street had once laughed at the idea of wild Jack Harlan succeeding to his father's position in the world of money, it had since changed its tune. John had inherited the Harlan money and keenness. "Better see old Harlan," which for many years had been a kind of slogan in financial circles, and which for a time had been altered to "Better see Farraday," was now "Better see young Harlan." During John's renascence Amos Farraday, once convinced that he was in earnest, had been friend as well as mentor. Farraday, who was a widower, often invited John out to dinner at his big house in upper Fifth Avenue or at the Union League Club. They would continue their discussions over long, black cigars, which John at first dis- liked heartily to smoke but decided were rather more diplomatic than ciga- rettes. At dinner one evening at Farraday's John met Margery. "My daughter--home from Welles- ley for a holiday," Farraday introduced her, frank pride in his voice. A few months previous John's pulse would have raced at the sight of such a girl as Margery. And he would have started glibly, adroitly, to interest her. At that, his heart skipped a beat or two. But Harlan quickly brought it back to normalcy by assuring it that there was no room in his present scheme of things for girls -- especially very pretty girls with creamy skin and large blue eyes and golden hair as smooth as velvet, like Margery's. He attacked his grapefruit earnestly and said little more than the conventions required. She went back to college, and it was not until her summer vacation began, six months later, that John saw her again--this time at the Farradays' sum- mer home on Long Island Sound. He spent a week-end there and discovered some reassuring things about Mar- gery. She wasn't a flapper. Her stockings reached above her knees, and she didn't don spinster-shocking, thigh-high bathing-suits nor smuggle cigarettes out in the canoe with her. She was rather serious-minded, though not op- pressively so, and quite keen for things like family, good taste, and morality. She was small, trim, and completely beautiful. John decided that even a sober young financier was quite safe in not battling 