80 A Rogue in Love love, life isn't worth living. Unless you say that you believe-- Wait!" Dropping the letter on his dressing- table, Sutherland brushed aside the cur- tain and rushed from the dressing-room. Alice was about to follow him when she noticed the letter, and delayed her escape in order to claim that. Why not? It was hers. Her hand went out and cov- ered it. A second later it was in the bosom of her gown, against her heart, but . . . Sutherland had returned. She had delayed her departure too long. Sutherland was white as a sheet; his hand in the pocket of his dinner coat trembled visibly. When he withdrew it Alice saw that his fingers gripped a small revolver. At first she was frightened speechless. She could neither move nor cry out. And then . . . she recognized the weapon. It was the pistol which they used in the play and Sutherland had gone to the property-room, a dozen yards away, to secure it. He stood with his back to the door and placed the revolver over his heart. "Do you believe me now?" he asked, with a strange smile on his lips. "Do you believe I am in earnest, that I love you, that I am willing to die for my love in order to convince you? Alice, I am on the threshold of eternity, and you must believe. Don't punish me for past sins, dear. Don't let false pride stand in our way to happiness. I love you. You care--?" She was very sure of the pistol--rec- ognized even the dent in it where Miss Devereaux once had dropped it on the brick pavement. It was loaded with blanks, of course. "I'm sorry, but I don't care, Mr. Sutherland," she said slowly. "Yes, I cared once--or it was infatuation; that is when I wrote that silly letter. Later, when I came to New York and secured this engagement--yes, I cared then, too. If I have changed, it is your fault. Once I was too inexperienced to separate the actor from the man. Now I have met a real man, and I know an actor when I meet one." "Meaning me?" "Yes." "And the real man--Ross?" His lips were dry, his hands all a-tremble. After a pause, Alice answered: "Yes; I love Hal Ross. He is real, while you-- you are acting even now--" Her words brought the blood to his cheeks--he was scarlet--angry, ashamed, routed. His eyes flashed hatred in that mo- ment; then he pointed the revolver, and fired. The report, of course, was quite genu- ine. In the other room men and women ceased their chatter, turned, and then crowded to the door of the star's dress- ing-room. Sutherland had fallen across the sill, and there was a dark, ever- widening stain on the bosom of his white shirt. "She has killed him!" It was Diana's voice, high and shrill. She didn't know how it happened, but Alice found herself in Hal's arms. "It was the prop gun, the one we use in the play, and filled with blanks," Alice said in toneless accents. Several of the men were on their knees beside Sutherland, who, with eyes open, had remained silent since the re- port. "He has been shot; it wasn't a blank," announced these men. "Get a doctor; God knows how serious the wound is!" IV After they had pouredbrandy between his lips, and just before the physician ar- rived, Maurice Sutherland roused him- self sufficiently to make a statement. "It was the property gun used in the play, and I shot it myself. Miss Ains- ley had nothing to do with it. And--I 