30 The Call for Help "Keep where you are," shrilled the little man in terror. "I'm not respon- sible for what happens to you if you move. I'll let lead into you." The con- trast betwen the deadly words and the meek tones in which they were spoken moved Archie to smile. "Police Headquarters," gasped Syl- vester Lute into the phone. "I tell you you are making a serious mistake," said Archie forcefully. In a panic the other man jigged the receiver up and down. "Police?" he questioned into the trans- mitter. "This is Sylvester Lute talking, No. 3 Elbron Place. I've got a big crook up here; a desperate character. Please come right away." "Good Lord," groaned Archie. Panic now seized him. He started up. His eyes roved all over the library for some avenue of escape. He saw two walls lined with shelves crowded with books. Ordinarily Archie's eyes would have lingered lovingly upon these shelves for, judging by the looks of these volumes, there were among them many old manuscripts and first editions. Old books were a passion with Archie. But just now his eye passed rapidly from this exhibition of treasures and his glance started upward. In the space above the low book- shelves Archie saw two hanging can- vases. One was evidently a Turner. The other, a Titian--no, concluded Archie quickly, it was only an imitation. The color wasn't handled correctly. There was too much--good heavens, how could he think of this when his liberty was in danger? Archie's eyes flew to the third wall. Against this stood a large cabinet filled with objets d'art. Even in his frantic glance Archie observed a Sevres vase, an Indian chibouk, and several marvel- ous, translucent Chinese glasses. "If you persist in moving around I-- I shall be forced to use extreme meas- ures," came nervously from the little man at the table. Archie's attention turned to this man. In spite of his own agony of mind, he was forced to laugh at the pitiable funk of his captor. At the sound of the laugh Sylvester Lute's hand convulsively closed upon the automatic. The finger on the trigger trembled. Archie paled. His brain spun with the wild need for some way to get out of this accursed room. There was only one way, he concluded swiftly. He must get that gun out of his captor's hand. The rest would be easy. But how could he get the gun away? In fiction and in the movies it was always a simple matter for the underdog sud- denly to wrench away the weapon from his captor's hand. But in this case he didn't even know how to begin. Archie's brow wrinkled with the mighty problem of how to free himself. A tiny ghost of an idea crept forth. He assumed a calmness he was far from feeling. "All right, I'll behave," he said as nonchalantly as he could. "I know when I'm caught, and you've caught me. But let me ask you: do I look like an ordi- nary burglar to you?" The other man's gentle eyes opened wide. "I--don't know. I--I haven't given the question any thought," he stam- mered. Archie smiled grimly. Was this in- offensive creature the man who had destroyed Hortense's happiness? Was this the monster who neglected the despairing woman for his work? Archie's jaw dropped. Light flooded his brain. Of course Mr. Lute neglected his wife for his work. Archie believed it. Archie understood it. If Mr. Lute's work was the collecting of objets d'art, 