The Radio Roadster 91 shipboard, he connected his radio set and we listened to that for a time." "But you sang yourself?" the sergeant persisted. "Of course," she said with a weary smile, "and Mr. Harrington sent it out --broadcasting is it they say?" "Then what happened?" demanded the sergeant. Carmen Castleton seemed to shrink under his steady gaze. "Must I answer--now?" she pleaded, turning her face away. "I am hurt-- and oh, so tired--" "I'll call a doctor as soon as you've told me the truth!" said the officer bru- tally. "But if you want this man to be caught, you'll have to tell it now!" And as he spoke he bent over the bed and, with a quick movement, snatched a long stiletto from Carmen's sheer silk stocking. For a moment she stared at the glittering blade with a curious light in her eyes. Then she burst into a hysterical laugh that was horrible to hear. "A toy Mr. Harrington bought while he was in Italy." She smiled, with a shrug of her shoulders. "Who would have thought I should use it--" "How?" broke in the sergeant threat- eningly. "To stab Mr. Brewster when he tried to kill me as he did Mr. Harrington!" she screamed at the officer. A moan from the hallway told Ted that Doris had heard, but, forgetting her, he stepped brusquely to the ser- geant's side. "But you didn't--where is he?" Van Horn demanded, and, looking up, Car- men Castleton recognized him. "How should know--or care?" she answered with flashing eyes. "I wish I had struck deeper--then he would not have carried me off in that terrible car I" Then she became hysterical, and even the sergeant realized that further ques- tions were useless. VI Alicia remained in the bedroom with Carmen while one of the officers tele- phoned for Dr. Hazeltine. But the others were standing in the big hall, talking in hushed tones, when the outer door opened and Nick Brewster walked in. His face was smeared with grime and blood, and from the slashed left sleeve of his gray tweed coat a dark-red stain had spread. He seemed weak and dazed, and stared at the group before him with perplexity in his eyes--an un- comprehending, glassy look, in which consternation was mingled with horror. His wife cried out in agony at the sight of him and the sergeant stepped forward to take his arm. "Mr. Brewster," he began, "you are--" "Now just a moment, officer!" Van Horn butted in. "You're surely not going to arrest a man on the testimony of a delirious woman--and besides, it's only fair to let Mr. Brewtser tell his story--with the knowledge that what- ever he says may be used against him." He emphasized the words deliber- ately, and despite his half stupor, Nick seemed to sense their import. "I'm afraid I can't tell you much," he began wearily and staggered toward a chair. "It seems more like a nightmare than something I've been through--" Van Horn poured a stiff drink from the decanter on the table and Brewster gulped it down; then he fished nerv- ously for a cigarette before he tried to go on. "You know," he said to the officer, "that I'd just equipped my car with a high-powered radio set. I didn't know whether or not it would work as I hoped--and I was eager to test it to- night. If it succeeded," he turned to Van Horn, "I'd have made a fortune-- 