52 The House of the Missing completely and doesn't turn up, I think that's the most probable explanation. And only a well-organized gang could work that fast. So it may be the same gang." "What about the other fellow? Did you trace him?" "The man who overheard us? Yes. But I haven't had a chance to talk to him or get acquainted yet. His name is Vining, as I thought; he's a young doctor, with independent means. I guess he's a better cocktail mixer than a sur- geon. Has an office in West End Ave- nue. They say he limits his cases to attractive women. But everyone agrees that he is clever. "I hope he's not too clever for us!" Clayton answered. "But we can't tell much about it until we see whether the young drunk turns up or not. What do you think?" "Well," Moore answered, "I hate to lose time, but I suppose it's no use jump- ing to conclusions. What's your news?" Clayton told him what had happened that afternoon, including the clue he be- believed he had found, in the description of the tea which the Girl in Gray had been given. Finally they agreed to follow each his own line for the present, always keeping the other informed of the progress made. Indeed, there was little else they could do as yet. CHAPTER VIII The Strange Tea In spite of the promise of recent events and the possible clues which Moore and Clayton believed they had found, the next three weeks were un- eventful. Uneventful, that is, from the standpoint of their quest, though event- ful enough to Clayton personally. He was a languid and cynical guest at many highbrow and lowbrow gather- ings. He discussed Turgenieff, spiritual- ism, psycho-analysis, free love, and so forth at the one until his ears burned; and polo, prize-fighting, women, politics and stocks at the other. But he un- earthed no fresh clues. He did make a little progress, how- ever. For one tiling, he cultivated the ac- quaintance of Mrs. Fawcette until it ripened into something much more inti- mate, though vague and undefined. She was, he found, an interesting woman, well-traveled and well-read and, better still, with very definite views on most things. She had a clever gift of repartee, as he learned to his cost, for he found himself several times considerably beyond his depth. Her views were strikingly, glaringly liberal, and she seemed to take a secret delight in attempting to shock him--and she succeeded better than she guessed. But he got no news from her. However, he formed a real friendship during those three weeks--a friendship that meant far more to him, however little it might mean to his quest. For he arranged a second opportunity to meet and talk with the Girl in Gray, as he liked to call her. And after that he obtained her permission and that of her aunt, to call upon them. After that call and a theater party that he gave for them, they were good friends. It was his play-time, before the serious part of his quest began, and it meant more to him that he could express. Natalie Van Cleef took her many social experiences and the many strange specimens she met with a ready sym- pathy and a sweet reserve that were in- spiring to watch. She was welcome everywhere, as much for her lovely per- sonality as for her beauty, but somehow she contrived to be a welcome addition to each circle without being exactly of it. She was essentially innocent without being ignorant, so that the unconven- tional moods and tenses with which she 