Her Friend, the Burglar 103 what had become of the burglar. She imagined that she felt his touch again, and once more seemed to shrink from him in fear. In the silence of the jail his very voice sounded again in her ears. She found herself despising the man as much as she loathed herself--for surely she had not been as cowardly as he. Yet she was going to jail because of him. Then she remembered his observation that if he had not happened in, she might have suffocated in the safe. After all, he had saved her life, and perhaps she ought to be thankful. She ceased to puzzle over it, and her weariness lulled her off to sleep--a dreamless, exhausted slumber, from which she was wakened by the opening of her cell door. There was a bright light in the corri- dor, and by it she recognized the Chief of Police with a turnkey by his side. "Awake?" he asked. "Well, kid, I've good news for you. Your old boss has changed his mind and withdrawn the charge. You can thank your brother for that--" "My brother?" asked Doris in a daze, blinking at the electric light and trying to concentrate. She had no brother, so it must be the burglar who had as- sumed the role. But perhaps this was another trap to get her to speak. So she kept very still and listened with ears that could hardly believe what she heard. Chief Collins nodded. "I don't know whether the story's on the level or not, but since Kenyon's promised not to prosecute, there's nothing to do but let you go." "Do you mean that?" Doris asked eagerly, springing to her feet in a flutter. "Yes," said the Chief. "Your ‘brother' got hold of an early afternoon edition of the Call and telephoned to Kenyon that he'd make good the hun- dred dollars if he'd withdraw the charge. At first the old man declined to do it, but your 'brother' sent the cash anyway--by a messenger who said he'd been given it by a stranger who paid his railway fare from Westport and gave him a ten-dollar tip." Despite her emotion, Doris could not help smiling. There must be honor among thieves after all, and the burglar was not so much of a cad as she had thought him. "But that isn't all," Collins went on, "and there's one other thing I wish you would explain, even though I've no of- ficial right to ask you now." "What?" asked Doris, quite as curi- ous as the Chief seemed to be. "Why the devil did you hide that hundred-dollar bond in the safe?" came the perplexed question. "Hide it?" repeated Doris. "Exactly," nodded the Chief. "The bookkeeper found it this afternoon, in the bin with the old letter-press books, under the cabinet where Kenyon kept his securities. He wouldn't have dis- covered it if he hadn't been looking up some old correspondence." "I've told you," said the bewildered girl, "that I don't know a thing about it." "Well, maybe you do, and maybe you don't," grinned Chief Collins, "but it's because that bond was found that Ken- yon decided not to appear against you. Of course, we couldn't convict you now anyway, but I'm not so sure that it's wise to turn you loose. Just bear in mind, young lady, that it's a risky business for a kid like you to arrange to meet your ‘brother' after midnight near a safe-deposit vault. Next time you do it, you may get locked in an- other kind of a chamber." VII Tf.n minutes later. Doris was making her way through side streets to her 