68 She Who Hesitates- "Didn't know you went to Anton's parties! They're too noisy for a nice little girl like you, Nita." Nita turned very hot and then ex- tremely cold. "But not too loud for you, of course." "Don't be silly." Suddenly suspicion struck him and he regarded her narrowly. "Know Anton pretty well, don't you?" And as if the name called him, Anton himself appeared, over-thin, yellow- skinned, sardonic, his gray eyes circling like coldly calculating vultures over the infinitely graceful curves and apple- blossom perfection of the girl. A shudder swept her from head to foot. Could there be anything in the entire world worse than this cold, old passion of Cutler Anton? "He looks at me," she thought rest- lessly, "as though I'd been made to order for him, like Louis makes his Berk- shire Salad." And she would almost have hurled back his bargain into his mean eyes, had she not caught the sus- picion of Wally's glance. "My dear Rosebud," said Anton, silky-softly, "supper is waiting and I am going to take you in." So she accepted his arm and marched straightly beside him, with not another glance for the disgruntled Wally Camp. Around the oval dining-table ran a miniature track, and round and round the track speeded a marvelous little en- gine with its train of cars. The bag- gage cars were loaded high with Bur- gundy, French white wines and mellow old champagne, and were promptly raided with shrieks of laughter; but the mail car demanded the most curious at- tention. An envelope for every guest, and in every envelope a small, square card engraved in gold announcing the betrothal of Nita Gilmore to Cutler Anton. In the immediate babel of laughter, exclamation and congratulation, Nita turned to Anton, her face as white as the little card within her fingers. "I didn't know you'd announce this-- so soon!" "And why not, darling?" Caressing words could become almost insulting epithets on his twisting lips. "Isn't April the proper month for fashioning future dreams? And June is the month of brides. Will you be ready, Rosebud? After all, why wait?" Why wait, indeed! Surely this was bound to happen. She had been a vacil- lating fool! Her blue eyes swept across the table and found Wally's horrified brown ones. All his flippancies had been stripped from him suddenly, like bright beads from a string. His head bent low, his gaze swept her face, imploring a denial of this atrocious, terrible joke. But the evident dismay of the wide blue eyes answered him sufficiently. The impos- sible was possible. And the incredible was true. He drew a long breath. Then his hand closed upon the slender stem of his wine glass, and he flung its contents down his throat and turned a mechani- cal smile upon his insistent titian-haired neighbor. He would have liked to have pushed back his chair and left the room. Left the house. Gone out somewhere in the dark quiet where he could digest this wretched and totally unexpected news. He felt rather absurdly grieved, like a small boy who has been playing with such a nice little bomb, and the bomb unkindly exploding, has knocked him silly and left him staring. But to quit the big dining-room was, of course, impossible. A torrent of jokes and conjecture would have fol- lowed in his wake. He wondered if Anton knew that he, Wally Camp, had been hard hit by Nita. But one could tell nothing from Fox- Face. The old boy had his eyes riveted 