32 The Call for Help his head sorrowfully; "what a pity!" "You don't know what it is to want a beautiful thing and not be able to ob- tain it," repeated Archie. "I do," said Mr. Lute; "believe me, young man, I do. See that porcelain tureen on the top shelf of the cabinet? There is the mate to that in the house of a man I know. I've wanted the mate for years. My collection is abso- lutely incomplete without it. And the man who owns the mate won't part with it at any price. He sim- ply wants to spite me. He's just pig- headed." "Why don't you hire me to get it for you?" asked Archie boldly. Mr. Lute held up his other hand as if pushing away temptation. "That would not be ethical," he faltered. "Is it honorable for him to refuse to sell you the mate?" argued Archie. "You must meet his weapons by similar ones. Give me the commission. I guarantee perfect results." "I--I don't know," faltered Mr. Lute. "I'll do it for nothing," cajoled Archie, "if you don't turn me over to the police." Mr. Lute made a gesture of refusal. But there was a gleam in his eye, the fanatical gleam of a collector on the trail of a real bargain. "I don't say I consent," he wavered, "but--if I do, what proof have I that you will actually do as you say?" "My word of honor as a collector," said Archie with simple fervor. And he resolved to part with everything he possessed, if necessary, to obtain that porcelain tureen for Mr. Lute. "Well, then--perhaps--perhaps--" "Good!" exclaimed Archie with real emotion at his deliverance. His heart went out to Mr. Lute. What a generous, fair-minded man was this husband of Hortense. Not in many years had Archie met a man with whom he had so much in common. And this good man was the man whom Hortense had so often accused of being hard to get along with! Archie couldn't believe it. In that moment every shred of feeling he had left for Mrs. Lute went up in invisible smoke. The moment after Archie saw a sud- den change in Mr. Lute's expression. The little man looked scared. His eyes, directed at something behind Archie, were humble and respectful. Archie turned in his chair. He saw Hortense Lute, in a mag- nificent black gown, standing in the doorway, contemplating with astonish- ment the sight of her husband and lover in amiable conversation. IV "Hortense!" exclaimed her husband, getting to his feet. "Hortense!" exclaimed Archie to him- self, doing likewise. Advancing into the room without noticing Archie, she addressed her hus- band. "There are two police-officers at the door downstairs," she said; "they say they received a call for help from here. I don't understand." "A--a mistake, I'm sure," spluttered Mr. Lute; "I--I sent no call for help." "Then it might be well for you to go down and explain to them," recom- mended Mrs. Lute in an icy tone that caused a shiver to run down Archie's spine. He had never thought her capa- ble of using that tone to her brutal husband, poor fellow. "Yes, my dear," said Mr. Lute meekly; "I--I'm sure Mr.--er--Mr. Brown will entertain you while I'm away." As he left the room, Hortense eagerly went over to Archie. "How did this happen?" she asked in her most romantically tense manner. "I got your signal," said Archie mis- 