She Who Hesitates- 69 on the blonde beauty of the girl beside him. How exquisitely fair she was! His Lily-Girl he had often called her. Lily, indeed! He laughed shortly, and his titian-haired acquaintance pinched his elbow and demanded the "why." "Say," she complained, "you're actin' like a reg'lar buckwheat. 'Fraid of strainin' your vocal cords? Who's the joke on?" "Me," he told her. "What I thought was a lily turned out to be a marigold." "You're drunk," she told him. and, crossing a powdered arm over his black coatsleeve, she seized his glass of cham- pagne and drained it dry. "I'm fond of doin' favors. Don't you lap up no more liquor tonight, old thing." The dinner was a long torment. But all dinners end. This one ended with an elaborate, laughter-punctuated toast to the betrothed pair. Wally's lips refused to drink it. Over his half-raised glass he met Nita's eyes. They looked sick. "She's having a taste of her medi- cine," thought Wally, with hard exulta- tion; "and there's more to come. What a pretty fool is Nita!" He, too, stood to give a toast, his mouth wry and his eyes quick to catch Nita's instant shrinking. "To the bride-to-be!" he cried boister- ously. "To Nita, the lovely, the sweet, the charming! To Nita, the beautiful! To Beauty, then, the most potent thing in the world!--except, of course money." To the ripple of amusement, Nita's cheeks stained pink and her eyes, which had been appealing, now turned darkly defiant. V A lively negro orchestra was causing restless feet to scamper in the direction of the ballroom, and in the mêlée Wally, free to escape at last, was held back by a soft little hand on his arm. He glanced down impatiently at Cherrie. "Wait for me out on the terrace, Wally," she whispered. "By that privet hedge, near the goat-follow blowing on a whistle. I got somethin' to tell you." Wally looked down at the girl dully. He had always disliked Cherrie; re- sented Nita's friendship for this very blatant, vulgar young person. Her clothes, too, were rather awful, shriek- ing loudly and unmelodiously for atten- tion. Tonight the flaming scarlet of her frock outrivaled the painted cheeks and earmined lips. However, he nodded, to escape the girl's clutching lingers. Whereupon Cherrie flew to Nita, who was chatting with her fiance, crushing with restless fingers the little French flowers that weighted one end of her golden sash. Cherrie, laughing, caught at Nita's arm. "Come back here for Nita in live minutes, Cutler," she begged him. "Please! I want to tell her somethin'! Secrets. Kindly hoof it!" But when Anton left, protesting, watch in hand, Cherrie's round face grew very sober. "Oh, Nita!" she protested softly. "How could you! Wally's hurt!" "Hurt!" Nita's hand flew to her slender throat. "How? Where? When?" "I mean his heart's hurt. You hurt it." "Oh, his heart!" said the girl coldly. "Men's hearts are as easily mended as punctured tires." "Not Wally's." "Yes! Wally's! Do you suppose if he'd cared for me he would have jeered at me, openly, in front of everyone, like he did just now?" "That's because he loves you so. Can't you see, Nita? You hurt him something terrible." "No," murmured Nita restlessly. "I don't think so. He's like all the men we know, Cherrie. Turning like weather- 