100 Her Friend, the Burglar creaked and groaned as she steadied herself against it, and she was not at all sure that her landlady was not well aware of the hour of her return. In fact, when morning finally came, she was quite convinced that Mrs. Mor- ris looked at her with disapproval. The hatchet-faced woman's suspicious eyes seemed to read the secret which was tor- turing the girl, and Doris gulped her breakfast with scant ceremony. But even then, she knew her ordeal had not really begun. Her feet felt like lead as she en- tered the office. To her surprise it was empty. The safe was closed and locked, but the bookkeeper's desk was open, and while no one sat at the switch-board. the operator's hat hung on the peg above her-chair. Doris stood stock-still on the thresh- old, trying to get a grip on her shat- tered nerves. From the half-open door of Mr. Kenyon's office came the buzz of voices, and the instinct of flight grew strong in her. Then Stephen, the janitor, came out of the sanctum, and eyed Doris as though he had seen a ghost. "Here's Miss Lawton now," he said" over his shoulder, and from within, Mr. Kenyon called her. She was face to face with the dread- ed moment, and something told her that it was going to result unsatisfactorily. She was shaking like a leaf and her hands seemed to be enormous and to- tally useless. Somehow she managed to cross the outer office and step into the private room. Kenyon was seated at his desk. Standing beside it was a policeman in uniform and a man Doris recognized as Collins, the local chief of police. Ranged about the walls were the other employees, and all of them scrutinized Doris with a look which brought a lump to her throat and made her fluttering heart sink within her. "Take off your shoes!" came the sharp command of Chief Collins. Doris turned to him in embarrass- ment. But before she could find words, the policeman stepped to her side, and, stooping, grasped her ankle. In an in- stant he had removed her high-heeled pump and placed it on Kenyon's desk. "The little idiot!" exclaimed Mr. Kenyon. Still Doris did not under- stand. But it was not long before she did. The heel was smeared with mud, and it was quickly ascertained that its size corresponded precisely with the two indentations that showed all too plainly in the earth outside the window. When she had dropped from the ledge, both heels had embedded themselves deeply in the earth made soft by the downpour. For an innocent girl to explain that manner of egress from the building was difficult in itself, and when Doris blurt- ed out her story, she did it pitifully. Her voice was faltering and her choice of words unfortunate. In her dazed condition she contradicted herself, and she could not convincingly tell them why she had run away if she had noth- ing to hide. "Some nerve," observed Chief Col- lins. "She thinks she can show up here this morning and throw a bluff that will fool us--when the whole case is as plain as the nose on your face. Wants to borrow money and gets turned down. Spiteful, she throws the mail in the waste-basket." Doris gave a start as he indicated the receptacle which usually stood be- side her desk. The wind that had blown the safe door shut must have swept the letters into the basket. She had forgotten them in her flight. "Then she hides somewhere until the watchman leaves," Collins summed up. "She takes the bond and then tries to make the whole thing look like a bur- glary. I've heard of amateur crooks do- 