A Dead Man's Business ByDixie Willson LETTY PINKUS was a pretty little thing. Not awfully striking, nor awfully brilliant, and not in position really to be either, inasmuch as she was merely a waitress in her mother's boarding-house. But Letty Pinkus was mighty sweet and pretty, there was no avoiding that. Of course she was only eighteen, which is sweetness and prettiness in it- self, but she had something entirely un- forgettable about her eyes and that was what old Bill Cooper fell madly in love with. Bill Cooper had never really had any- thing to love in all his life. He was a sailor--a parrot-nosed sailor, as rough as they make 'em, and rich enough to get drunk all he pleased. He had no family at all--except one crook of a nephew--and, like every old sailor, though he had had eighty sweethearts, he'd wanted no one of them more than a week. Then one day in May he met Letty Pinkus. He was just in from Salvador with his ditty bag on his shoulder. and his new "fire-eye" pinned up tight in his pocket. It was really the thought of his "fire- eye" that first made him notice Letty. A piece of black velvet is all very well, but there's nothing for jewels like a woman's white neck. Bill didn't know just what his jewel was. It looked like an opal, yet was diamond-like in clearness, and some- times it seemed really crystallized fire! No one had ever seen another. It was as large as a berry, and they said Bill had a fortune in it! It hypnotized a man like an eye look- ing at him! Bill hadn't wanted the thing. What did an old sailor want of a Queen's priceless gem? He hadn't wanted it--no--but he'd gone back and gone back and gone back to look at it, till finally he'd spent every cent that he had to buy it from the son of the old caveman who'd gone crazy watching the lights in it. Letty Pinkus wore a dark blouse with the neck open, and when Bill passed the bench where she was sitting in the park, it came into his whimsical old mind that maybe the girl would try his jewel on her neck for him. He'd been itching to see how it really would look with some other background than his dirty hand or the grimy velvet it was tied in. It was strung on a cord through a hole in one end of it. He walked past her once and then went back again--walked past her again, and then went up and asked her. She was startled at first, but Bill wasn't a bad sort, and after a minute she smiled and said--yes, she would. So Bill hung the "fire-eye" on Letty's white neck. Then he caught his breath -- and twitched his fingers. It seemed that the sun, moon and stars were shin- ing there! He hadn't dreamed the thing was like that! He hadn't dreamed any- thing in the world was like that! It was almost alive! It frightened Letty Pinkus so much that she immediately untied it and gave it back again. 35 