88 The Radio Roadster Instantly the hissing and grinding from the troubled ether hurt his drums. As he adjusted the keys, Van Horn wondered whether the murderer had listened-in and, after catching the hue and cry from the air, had hurriedly de- parted. But now he wanted first to re- port what he had found and, not know- ing the police signal, he tried to get the camp. "They're still babbling like fury," Van Horn told Alicia, "and this set's not powerful enough for me to drown them out." "What are you going to do?" she asked, coming nearer to him and care- fully avoiding contact with the corpse beneath the table. "Explain to the operator at Care- free--" he answered; but as he tried to call, a voice came from the veranda. "Perhaps you can explain to me just as well!" said a khaki-clad cycle-cop as he stepped through the door and covered the man at the radio set with his pistol. IV Soaring overhead and sweeping the moon-bathed valley with a powerful pair of night glasses, Dick Duars and Emlyn Warren were keeping a sharp lookout. But although they flew as low as they dared, the messages they wirelessed back to Carefree were all discouraging. Yet because of the very hopelessness of the task they had undertaken they would not abandon their flight. Then suddenly Duars uttered an ex- clamation which caused Warren to peer over the side as the other's words came to him through the speaking-tube. Faint- ly discernible far below, they could see a tiny object scurrying down the moun- tain road like a frightened insect. Ahead of it projected two tiny feelers of light, and the man with the glasses knew it was a motor-car. But it was not the headlights which attracted his attention. It was rather a curious flashing--green and yellow glows like those which ema- nate from a firefly in the air. "Emlyn!" he called excitedly, "who- ever's in that car is taking bigger chances than we are. It's crazy enough for us to tempt a fall, but he's running straight for the devil if he keeps up that pace along those fool roads." And in another instant both aviators knew the meaning of those firefly flashes. "That car's equipped with a radio aerial," Duars went on. "It's picking up all our chatter as it goes along." Then he flashed the news of his dis- covery back to the station at Carefree, from where it was shot out again to Police Headquarters. For the plane to land and investigate on that tree- studded terrain was impossible, but or- ders were already humming over tele- phone wires to the police substation at the foot of the mountain. That started a trio of motorcycle officers in the direc- tion of'the southerly mountain road, and the men in the plane kept on the alert for another view of the car. For a time it disappeared from view amid the trees and turnings of the hill- side, but once more it emerged in the moonlight, and again the telltale flashes came from it. Duars leaned over the side of the bas- ket and dropped something from the plane toward the earth. Far below them it flared, and as it did so, a parachute opened, launching a group of flarelights. But as it happened, the motorcycle po- lice had no need of tills aid in finding the fugitive car. Shortly after eleven o'clock they came upon it. Its radiator was crushed in like an accordeon, where it had collided with a giant boulder at a turn in the road. Its lamps were shat- tered and the wires erected upon the windshield were badly tangled and broken. The aviators' suspicion had been 