110 The Dimpled Dumb-Bell attention. Gradually it came to her that this must be the antique jeweler who wanted to see the ring. For a moment she gazed questioningly into his eyes. At a faint nod from the man, Dora cried, "Oh!" in well-simulated surprise, and sprang to her feet. "There's an old friend of my uncle's," she murmured to her companion. "Ex- cuse me a minute--" She darted away to show the ring to Trip's confederate. "Is it the real one?" she demanded breathlessly as she held out her hand. The short man rose quickly and, bow- ing low over her hand, smiled effusively. "Don't be so open about it," he said; "the old man's watching you like a hawk." To an observer across the room it would seem that he paid her a com- pliment. Dora glanced over her shoulder and smiled bright reassurance to the de- serted Blanding. "How much is it worth?" she asked of the jeweler. "Trip said you could carry the color in your eye. Can you?" "You'd better go back now," he ad- vised shortly. "How much is the ring worth?" insisted Dora. "A thousand dollars?" Again the jeweler bowed over her hand, taking a last, lingering look at the tur- quoise on her index finger. "At least a thousand," he assured her. "Now run along before you get into trouble. And make a date with the old boy for Wednesday evening. I'll have the fake finished by then." Dora returned to her dinner, purring apologies. "I'm sorry I ran away like that," she said. "It wasn't nice and--just to prove I'm sorry, I'll let you take me somewhere--Wednesday evening." "That will give me great pleasure. Miss Dora," said Blanding. "We'll take a nice long drive--perhaps go out to my country place for dinner." "Oh, Mr. Blanding, I--I couldn't--" Dora tried to look shocked and made a fairly convincing success of the attempt. "Why?" asked Blanding indulgently. "We'd be alone and--oh, I couldn't go to your country home--it wouldn't be--" "Then we'll just drive around the city and--" Dora paused upon the threshold of con- sent. Blanding followed up his imagined ad- vantage by a promise. "You may wear the Shah's favorite jewel as long as you are in the car," he added, and smiled in satisfaction as Dora agreed. III With the copy of the turquoise ring safely tucked away in the pocket of her trim blue-serge jacket, and the original glowing dully on the index finger of her right hand, Dora Dell sat in the limousine beside Darius Blanding on Wednesday evening. Conversation had long since lapsed for want of kindred interests and no amor- ous advances had come to take the place of words. They had circled Central Park at least five times and Dora wondered why people talked of the beauty of New York's playground. They had passed dozens of amorous couples in cabs, in motors and on foot. Dora wondered how it would seem to be kissed by a man who wore a long, droop- ing mustache. She wondered, too, how the jeweler could carry a color in his eye long enough to match the Shah's turquoise so perfectly that she couldn't have told them apart had she seen them together. Her eyelids fluttered sleepily and she suppressed a frequently recurring yawn. "I must go home in a little while," said Dora at last, "it's getting late." Blanding started as though surprised at 