94 The Radio Roadster oner furiously. "What's the matter with it?" The memory of a burned and blis- tered surface beneath the throw-switch of Harrington's radio set impressed itself upon Teddy Van Horn's mind. He seemed to picture this man throwing that switch in haste as he heard the aerial posse crying at his heels; and in a flash he saw how the murderer of Harrington had burned the fingers and palms of his right band by carelessly exposing it to the heavily charged switch-wires. "It's a marvel," Van Horn mused aloud, "how you escaped with your life, when you ran Mr. Brewster's car into that boulder." "The guy's crazy!" snickered the man in the cap, turning to the sergeant with a look of hatred smouldering in his eyes. "He thinks--" "I'm not going to think any longer," Van Horn promised him, and walked quickly to the door of Doris' boudoir. He knocked once; then pushed it open, and called out in a quiet tone: "Carmen--can you step in here a moment, please?" Even Nick was watching him won- deringly, and there was a dead pause until Carmen Castleton's figure was framed in the doorway. For an instant she stood there like a statue, her hands clutching the frame, and then the color fled from her cheeks and her scream aroused the women in the adjoining room. "Oh!" she moaned, wringing her hands. "It is too terrible! I never dreamed that he would follow me! He threatened--but it seemed so droll I could not think him serious." She swayed and seemed about to faint, and the man in the cap sprang forward like some trapped animal, in a desperate attempt to escape. But the two policemen had him handcuffed in an instant, and his gesture had revealed to them the hiding-place of the missing automatic their first hasty search had failed to find. "Suppose," said Van Horn quietly to Carmen, "suppose you tell the sergeant just who this fellow is." "The wireless operator from the ship!" she explained, drawing away from the struggling man. "At first he was so nice and told me all about his wireless machines. Then he tried to make love to me, and I told him I was engaged. Oh, how could I know he would try to do such a thing! The foolish things he said were too absurd to believe!" With a moan of remorse she ran across the room and threw herself upon her knees at Brewster's feet. "Nick!" she pleaded miserably, "how can I ever explain! Of course you wouldn't kill poor Carter and carry me off--" "Don't!" Brewster soothed her, and put both hands on the shaking shoul- ders as she buried her head in his lap. "Don't say any more about it, Carmen." Then, looking up at his wife, standing with Alicia in the doorway of the other room, he smiled at her happily, and said very quietly: "Look after her, won't you, Doris? She needs you." 