The House of the Missing BySinclair Gluck Synopsis of Preceding Chapters The young sister of Jack Clayton has disappeared in New York. After weeks of fruitless search, a man from a Secret Bureau of Investigation calls on the brother and tells him that thirty young Society girls have disappeared in the past year, that this Bureau was organized to run down the gang responsible for the kidnapping, and asks Clayton to become one of the organization. The man, Moore, also tells Clayton that there has been a leak in the Bureau of late, as the rooms of some of the members have been ransacked. Suddenly Moore goes stealthily to a curtained window, revolver in hand. There is a loud report. A bullet has grazed Clayton's cheek, and an unknown man staggers from behind the curtains. Moore has shot him through the heart. They find that Clayton's wound is from a strange weapon like an air-gun, carried by the intruder. Larry, Clayton's servant, an ex-burglar, calls a policeman known to Moore, who removes the body and promises secrecy. Clayton goes with Moore to the Headquarters of the Bureau, and becomes a member. He and Moore are to work as partners, though before others they are to appear strangers. They are to pose as men of wealth and position, and try to find a clue to the kidnappers among the members of Society. For the first time in his search for his little sister Margaret, Clayton feels hopeful. But he returns to his apartment to find that his desk has been ransacked! CHAPTER VI The First Clue THE house in which Moore had taken his rooms was back- to-back to Clayton's apartment - house and was of the or- dinary brown-stone type so common in New York. It once had been occupied by a single family; now, owing to changes in the neighborhood and ever mounting rents, it had been split up into apartments. Moore's rooms were on the second floor. The basement was occupied, he told Clayton, by a grocer, his wife and two children. The first floor served as of- fice and home for a young doctor, while the second floor had been subdivided into two smaller apartments of three rooms each, with a bathroom common to both. Of these two, the front apartment be- longed to a returned soldier and his somewhat shrill-voiced French bride. Moore had rented the back part of this floor consisting of a bedroom, a small kitchen and a drawing-room. The third floor was unoccupied, but was similiar in design to the second. The house was a large square one, each apartment on the second floor being self-contained and well-lighted, with the common bathroom between, lit only by a small shaft and skylight above. The door to Moore's rooms was just at the head of the stairs and opened into his drawing-room. This room looked out onto the back garden, so-called, as did his smaller bed- room beyond. His kitchen was the same width as the hall and was the continua- tion of it, but opened into his drawing- room and not into the hall, so that the 43 