4-in cap 2-in. Post only $1.00 down 2-in. post Brass Bed Spring and Cotton Mattress Send the coupon and only $1.00 today and we'll ship you this complete, 3-piece brass bed outfit on approval. Nothing so magnificent ina home- nothing adds so much richness and splendor as a luxurious and elegant brass bed. Always clean and sanitary. See the handsome design and massive construction. Get this cut price offer. 30 Days Trial--Easy Payments Use this beautiful brass bed set in your home 30 days. If not satisfied, return the set and we'll refund your $1.00 plus any freight or express you paid. But if, after 30 days, you decide to keep the outfit, start paying the small pay- ments of only $3.00 a month until the full bargain priceof only $34.95 has been paid. A full year to pay. We trust honest people anywhere in the U.S. No extra charge or credit. Ho discount for cash. No. C. 0. D. Cut Price! Rock-bottom prices now. Low- est since before the war. So send the coupon at once with only $1.00 and we will ship you 3-piece outfit-- bed, spring and cotton mattress-on 30 days trial. No risk, no obligation. Money re- funded if not satisfied. 2-inch Post Brass Bed Dignified, sturdy and graceful; made in the pop- ular 4-post Colonial design, lacquered in soft dull satiny, rich velvet finish, and relieved by ribbon-like bands, burnished bright, as perma- nent as the brass itself. Will not tarish or wear off. Two-inch Colonial posts with hand- some extra size 4-inch mounts. The top rails and filling rails are 1 inch thick. Height of head end 55 1-2 inches, the foot end 36 inches. Fur- nished in full size only, 54X76 in. Complete with best quality ball-bearing steel casters. Fitted with rigid patented interlocking steel side rails. All-Cotton Mattress Small []llustra- all-cotton mattress in this outfit, filled with clean, sanitary cotton linters to an unusual thick- ness. Will keep its shape always. covered with beautiful floral art ticking, deeply tufted, with roll edges and round corners. Link Fabric Spring Spring is made of iron side rails, with fine mesh, strong link frabric body, joined at each end with 25 belical springs; will not sag. Weight entire outfit about 225 lbs. Order by No. B691SA. Prince for Bed, Spring and Cotton Mattress, $34.95. $1.00 down, $3.00 Monthly. Free Bargain Catalog! Shows thousands of bargains in house furnishings, jewelry, silverweare, porch and lawn furniture, wearing apparel. Send coupon today, now! Straus &amp; Schram, Register B969 West 35th Street Chicago, Ill. Straus &amp; Schram, Reg. B969, W. 35th St., Chicago Enclosed find $1.00. Ship special advertised 3-piece Bed Outfit- brass bed, steel spring and cotton mattress. I am to have 30 days free trial. If I keep the outfit, I will pay you $3.00 monthly. If not satisfied, I am to return the outfit within 30 days and you are to refund my money and any freight or express charges I paid. 3-piece Bed Outfit No. BG919A. $34.95. Name St., R.F.D. or Box No Shipping Point Post Office ..... State If you only want catalog put x in box below: Furniture, Stoves, Jewelry Men's, Women's Children's Clothing 128 In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO July 15, Aug. 1, SS 