84 The Radio Roadster But after a little time the floor be- came deserted, and the couples seated themselves about the fire to enjoy a ciga- rette or perhaps a cocktail from surrep- titious flasks. Then, enchantingly out of the night, caught up by the tall antennas, came the notes of a song which held them spell- bound. It was sung in a soft, sensuous voice, with wonderful clearness and sweetness, and at, first they thought the singer must be close at hand. But as they listened they realized otherwise. It did not originate anywhere about the camp, but was coming by radio-phone. Now it grew louder and wilder and more abandoned, and as they recognized the air and its orchestral accompaniment the spell was broken. "A phonograph!" someone laughed. "For a moment I thought the voice was real--but it's only a Castleton record-- Fillex de Cadix." "Perhaps Nick's playing it to cele- brate the return of the beautiful lady," Alicia whispered to Van Horn with a wink. But even though it was unmistakably a talking-machine, a silence fell over the group and they listened with genuine pleasure. Then the orchestration sud- denly ceased and the song itself seemed to grow more distinct and more ap- pealing. "That's no phonograph!" said Evelyn Duars. "It must be Castleton herself. They've shut off the machine and she's taken up the song." "Nonsense," objected Tom Trueman, "Castleton's abroad--" "Maybe she's singing in the salon of a steamer at sea," suggested another. "Absurd!" objected a third. "She landed yesterday--came in on the same steamer with Carter Harrington. He's been sketching in Italy ever since May, you know." But as they sat there speculating, an- other aria came to their ears from the amplifier. This time there was no mis- taking Castleton's own notes. They could even discern through the ether a laughing remark in the diva's rich tones, although whatever she said was unin- telligible. Castleton then began a little chanson that Alicia had heard her render at sev- eral studio parties, and which she knew the singer had never recorded for the needle discs. She said as much to Van Horn, and he nodded reminiscently. Once she had sung it to him--not only with her eyes--but with all of her artis- try--and he had almost made a senti- mental fool of himself. For several minutes they were thrilled by the loveliness of the lyric wafted to them through the silence from some un- known source. The words were tender and tear-compelling--moving, as only Castleton could make them--but the song suddenly ended in a shrill, pierc- ing scream. Immediately after came a terrified flood of high-pitched feminine words, too rapidly uttered for anyone to grasp. A masculine voice shouted something wildly. A sharp crack--perhaps a pistol shot--punctuated the cry. Then a deeper voice called "Help!" And finally a jumble of letters--"W-X-A-D"--but the voice was silenced before the garbled combination could be understood. And there was not another sound. II In an instant the campers were crowding the doorway of the camp radio office. Everyone was asking questions at once, but the operator announced that the sending had been shut off. "Can't you tell where it came from?" he was asked. He shook his head. "Not exactly," he confessed. "So far as they knew, I wasn't receiving the message. They were only broadcasting --and I got it just as I caught the other 