22 The Flapper Fools Them "That thousand comes out of your share, old dear." Madge shot him a look of contempt. "I didn't think you'd be as cheap as that!" she sneered. "But I always said that Bill was the only real gentleman crook--" "Cut it!" growled Hunt. "That chauffeur may get on." "Well, let him!" snapped Madge. "I'm through with you--my cheap- skate friend! Here--take the pin be- fore the bulls grab the car and pinch us both!" She tore the diamond bar from the front of her frock and hurled it into his lap. Hunt was furious, but he caught it before it fell to the floor and with quick, appraising eyes satisfied himself that it was of sufficient value. In fact, his anger softened a little as he caught the glint of the perfect stones. "Now, see here, Madge"--he tried to conciliate her, as he slipped the jewel into his waistcoat pocket. "I'm through with you!" she repeat- ed, "and you needn't waste your breath. Since you're a piker. I'll not argue with you. I get four thousand bucks--" "That's only fair, Madge--it was your fault--" he whined. "Oh, I might have known it!" she shot back at him, and peeled four bills from the roll in her hand. "There! Take the rest of your coin--you four- flusher! You want me to run all the risk and then you welch on your own proposition." The money hit him in the chest. She had already reached out for the handle of the door. Then, as the car slowed down at Thirteenth street at a traffic policeman's signal, she threw it open and stepped out on the running- board. "Ah, say, Madge!" he said with a sudden sense of uneasiness. "Don't act like that! Let's chin it over--" But she shook herself frantically from his grasp. "Don't you ever dare speak to me again!" she cried aloud, her eyes flam- ing as she sprang to the street and ran to the curb. Passersby stared at her in amazement, and gazed toward the li- mousine, to see Mr. Hunt's choleric face peering from the open door. He shook his fist at her and then paused abruptly, as his eye discerned a police- man walking toward Madge. He slammed the door furiously and took up the speaking-tube with a shak- ing hand. But to Hunt's surprise, Madge turned to the policeman with a confident smile beaming through her sudden tears. He began to wonder whether, after all, Madge had turned honest and was going to spill the beans. She could do it, too, with the pin in his possession. But Madge only put one little hand on the bluecoat's arm and shook her head in answer to his inquiry. "Oh, no--please!" she begged, almost piteously. "I really shouldn't have con- sented to ride with him--and Mother would be just furious if she ever knew!' "I'll run him in, if you say so," the officer offered; "or punch his damn head!" he added as he looked down ad- miringly at the frail, trembling creature who clung to him so trustingly. "Oh, you mustn't--really!" she in- sisted, looking up at the traffic-man with an expression of anguish in her eyes. "You wouldn't want me to be scolded, would you?" "Of course not," the officer said, with an angry glare in the direction of Hunt, cowering in his limousine. Then he signaled for the traffic to proceed. "I'd like to blackjack one o' them old birds for getting gay with a little kid like you!" "Oh, don't make a scene--people are staring so!" she whispered and hung 