76 A Rogue in Love more about rehearsing Alice was dumbly grateful and hurried away. However, it didn't occur to her that Miss Devereaux had staged this scene especially for her benefit. She was spared that agony. Alice went home to her boarding- house and cried herself to sleep on the bed, but at six o'clock Hal Ross came to take her to dinner and for the first time in her life perhaps she was glad to see a man and showed it. "Oh, Hal, it's you!" she said, and held his hand so tightly that he caught himself dreaming extravagantly and blushed. They were a great deal together dur- ing the next week and it was only be- cause his professional future was unde- cided that Hal restrained himself from declaring his love. Yet he believed that Alice knew he cared for her, and hoped she would wait. "Let me get a chance at Sutherland's part once; I'll show 'em all what I can do," Ross said, setting his teeth and grip- ping his hands. "Now the managers won't trust me with a big part because I've ‘never done anything important. There's got to be a beginning to every- thing, but these theatrical moguls ap- parently don't see it that way. I've got to show them first--though I'm given no opportunity to do that very thing! Well, let me get my teeth in Sutherland's rôle --just once--" Alice felt discouraged, humbled, chast- ened. "I don't know whether I could play Miss Devereaux's part if I got a chance at it," she said. III Seeing Alice and Hal together so much, and recalling the girl's expression after she had listened to the scene be- tween Maurice and herself, Diana ceased to bother her head over the probability of the actor's indulging in another love affair. He might be smitten, but Alice was cured. Miss Devereaux was mali- cious enough to laugh at the idea of Sutherland suffering from unrequited passion. As for Maurice, the play had settled down on Broadway for what looked like a healthy run, and he found himself again with both time and the inclination to play around. He had never forgotten Alice Ainsley's long and untiring efforts to secure a position in his company, and it needed only Hal's attention to the girl in order to set the wheels in motion. Another man found her desirable, there- fore it was time for Sutherland to act. "And how do you like your first New York engagement, Miss Ainsley?" Maurice said to her one night in the wings. Alice had a chair and was supposed to be studying Miss Devereaux's perform- ance. Once, had he spoken to her, she would have blushed and stammered. Now she laughed a little at his question, for it stirred her sense of humor. "I suppose it is a New York engage- ment, Mr. Sutherland," she told him, still smiling; "though I have never set foot on the stage before an audience nor spoken a line out loud." He laughed too. "An understudy's job isn't very thankful, is it?" he said. "However, who knows when you will go on in the part? We aren't wishing Miss Devereaux any bad luck, are we? But you're quite prepared for any emer- gency, if I know the signs, Miss Ainsley. Love the theater?" "Yes." "Like New York?" "I've seen really very little of the city --with daily rehearsals-- But now--" It was his opportunity, and he seized it. "I adore New York," said Suther- land with the impressiveness which char- acterized his love scenes. "I was born here, have lived here pretty much all my 