No Place for Husbands 13 At eight Harlan, worried and im- patient, boarded a transcontinental Pullman for the East. By the second day he had concluded that the trip would last forever. He perspired and swore freely, ate very little, and slept hardly at all. He snapped at genial trainmates who, recognizing the famous John Harlan, tried respectfully to pick an acquain- tance. He glared at flappers who openly admired his good looks from behind magazines. He quarreled with all the waiters and made a lifelong enemy of a prominent Chicago banker who had been attending the Pacific Fruit reorganization; eight times John refused the latter's invitation to be the fourth man at bridge. Margery was waiting just outside the grilled gate at the Pennsylvania Station when the train slid in at eleven in the evening. Faithful Margery. John felt like a criminal as he forced a sickly grin into his face at the sight of her and hurried up, followed by a sleepy red-cap with his bags. Margery looked as fresh and pretty as a daisy--light-blue sport suit, white socks, and sandals--cool as a Clover Club amid the perspiring station throng --every strand of her velvety blonde hair in place. Gad! fancy losing such a woman as that, thought John. Worth a thousand Peggys. What a dumb- bell he had been. He kissed her. "Why, has anything been the matter with you, John?" Margery asked at once, looking into his flushed face closely. "Have you been ill? You didn't write me about it." John laughed--a rather poorly done laugh. "Why, I've been fit as a fiddle," he lied. "You look great." He meant that. "Let's get home as quickly as we can." That was about the extent of his garrulousness for the night. All the way across the ferry in the limousine and through light-dotted Jersey City and Newark and over the open country to Long Hills he sat morosely and answered her eager questions with monosyllabic grunts. Several times she looked at him curiously, and in the semi-dark her face began to take on a worried look also. "There's something wrong with you, John," she declared bluntly, when they were preparing for bed. She put her two white hands upon his shoulders and looked intently into his face, which he was trying vainly to camouflage. "No, there's not, dear," he protested --too vehemently. "I'm fine--but tired." At ten o'clock the next morning he visited the New York office of Hal Harris Productions, intending to get quick action. Margery had started asking solicitous questions again at breakfast; he must look more suspicious than ever by daylight. She had even made a semi-joking remark about the movies: "You didn't meet a movie star in Los Angeles that you liked better than your wife, did you, John?" And she had watched him closely for the answer. That was bad. When a tough little office-boy ad- mitted him into Hal Harris' presence, Harlan found himself facing a flashily dressed, stoutish man with a prominent nose and a voice several shades too loud. He pulled a greasy black cigar from his mouth long enough to ask John to sit down. He had evidently recognized the banker at sight, for he spoke his name. "I guess you know why I'm here," Harlan began abruptly. Harris shrugged his fat shoulders. "I don't know, Mr. Harlan--maybe you want to buy my company--your father bought my other company--he waited until I was nearly broke and bought me out and then kicked me out 