Her Friend, the Burglar 101 ing a lot of fool things, but this is the limit. With twenty thousand dollars worth of bonds in Mr. Kenyon's drawer, she only takes a single hundred- dollar one!" There was a snicker from those gath- ered about, but Kenyon nodded his head understanding. "Just petty spite," he observed. "Probably figured that I'd never miss one out of the packet, eh?" "Naturally," pointed out Chief Col- lins, "a regular yegg wouldn't have been so modest. He'd have taken the lot. A hundred-dollar bond wouldn't pay him for his pains." Then Doris found her tongue, and a flame of fury surged within her. "It's not true!" she asserted, her eyes blazing as she confronted them. "You're quick to jump at conclusions, but if I'd wanted to take that one little bond my- self, why would I have called attention to it by leaving the safe door open and jumping out the window?" "Ask me something easy!" chuckled the police chief. "What did you do with that bond?" Kenyon put to her severely. "I didn't take it!" she protested des- perately, and the tears streamed down her cheeks. "I tell you I didn't--and I don't know where it is!" "Then," announced Chief Collins, "I guess you'd better come along with me until your memory's clearer." V Stunned, and overwhelmed with shame, Doris sat in the little cell of the local police station. She had been pedi- greed and docketed like any other crimi- nal. and in the eyes of the officers and everyone at the office, she was nothing but a contemptible little thief. Nor was there any means by which she could prove an alibi--no way that she could clear herself of the charge. It was not alone the vision of impend- ing imprisonment that sickened her. It was the fact that they thought her a thief--that never again could she look them in the face or walk abroad on the streets. Wherever she might go that stigma would be certain to follow her. In speechless rage she had been forced to endure being searched by the station-house matron, and she knew that the police had gone through her belong- ings at home. Her landlady was aware of the charge against her, and had said, as Doris supposed that she would, that her lodger had not returned until the wee hours of the morning. By this time the town was talking of what had happened. The fact that Doris had held aloof from the local maidens and swains--because of her diffidence in making new friends--only aggravated the sneering spirit in which they received the news. Already she was convicted on circumstantial evi- dence, and she felt she would soon be wearing a frock of a style she had not coveted. Then, to make matters worse, Mrs. Kenyon called at the jail. She was a well-meaning woman, although some- what unfortunate in her manner. Yet she was genuinely concerned over Doris' case, and had come to the station-house despite her husband's expression of dis- approval. "Why don't you confide in me my child?" she had asked of Doris. "The money in itself isn't such a serious mat- ter--but what you have done may ruin your whole life unless you act sensibly and make a clean breast of it." For a moment Doris looked at the richly gowned woman with an expres- sion of fury in the depths of her eyes. Yes, it might ruin her whole life--yet she had made a clean breast of it--and by so doing had incriminated herself. Did they want her to lie--to confess something she had not done--in order to earn their clemency? 