GHOST TOWN LADY 55    the night. She couldn't sleep. If Jerry Lansing had become Jud Lane, bank robber, she knew that all her romantic dreams of escape into a new life were ended. And yet, she told herself, she owed it to Jerry to give him a chance to explain. Perhaps Tom Barnes was mis- taken. Tomorrow she would meet Jer- ry, as he requested, and she would lis- ten to him. Then she would know what she must do.  Mrs. Gray greeted her in the morn- ing with a bright smile and a happy word. Mary looked tired and pale, but it was impossible to be discouraged in Mrs. Gray's presence. The little old lady boasted of the size and freshness of her eggs and cooked more of them than Mary could eat. After breakfast, she stacked the dishes, took the girl with her into the garden. She talked a good deal about Tommy Barnes. When Mary became pensive. Mrs. Gray put her arm around her and said, "Now don't worry, honey. If this beau of yours isn't here today, he'll likely show up tomorrow. You're welcome to stay with me just as long as you like. I en- joy havin' you here."  "Thank you. But I'm sure Jerry will be here today."  "Tommy might show up, too. He never gives up, Tommy don't. He'll likely catch that man he's after. Might stop in with his pris'ner."  Mary trembled and looked down the hill. Somewhere, down there, Jerry Lansing--Jud Lane--was hiding, not wishing to be seen by Mrs. Gray or the deputy sheriff.  But the day passed swiftly and pleas- antly. In spite of her disturbing thoughts, Mary caught herself laugh- ing at things Mrs. Gray said. She real- ized why it was that the old lady could live here in Chaco all alone. She never let herself be bored, she was tireless and energetic, she seemed to think of herself as very young.  Late in the afternoon, Mary said hesi- tantly, "I guess Jerry isn't coming to- day. I--I'd like to ride down the hill and look over the old camp."     She felt that she was being dishonest, especially when Mrs. Gray peered at her through her steel-rimmed specta- cles.  "Go ahead, child, if you want to," she said. "And when you look around, try to picture the town as it was--when it was boomin'. Ah, it was some place then."  She watched Mary ride off down the slope.  "Ah, the poor chick!" she murmured. "Off to meet that worthless, bank-rob- bin' Jud Lane! Jerry Lansing that was. It's hard to say. Mebbe he was some ac- count four years ago, when last she saw him. The desert makes or breaks a man, the Judge always said. Wonder if he could be any kin to Tom Lansing. Doubt it, though; Tom Lansing was a square man.  "Well, the poor girl don't know which way to turn. I could tell that, last night, listening' to 'em talk. I guess they don't know a person my age don't sleep much, just rests and dreams. He said I was sharp--seemed kind of afraid of me. Well, old lady, up and at 'em! Tommy must 'a' gone on to Butte or he'd 'a' seen your signal, the old flag flyin'. I don't see how Tommy missed this Jud Lane, though. I'd best be goin' down there. No tellin' what lies he'll hand out."  Hastily, she caught up a sunbonnet, knotted the strings under her firm chin. She was wearing an apron. She left it on, and when she took a gun from a wall rack, she thrust it under her apron.  Then, lifting her skirt, she hurried down a steep trail. She said of herself that she was as sure-footed as a goat, and she ran like a girl down the slope.  Pausing near a tumble-down shack that had once been a mine office, she looked ahead. Mary's horse was there near the old Sliver Queen buildings. The girl and Jud Lane were not in sight.  Mrs. Gray advanced cautiously, her head a little on one side. Now and then she halted to listen.  "Ah!" she said.