LOVE IS THE LOOT 95    wending his way among the cedars on another ridge between the rimrock and the one she and Dave occupied.  "Yeah!" It seemed as if Dave May- land were bristling like a lean mastiff. But he made no move.  Turk Powell rode on, dismounted and crouched behind a huge rock jut- ting from the ridge, a position from which he could watch the mysterious man working over by the rimrock. Suddenly that mysterious man--he had disappeared into the rocky crevice which split the rimrock's base--came hurrying out. He was jamming some- thing into his pockets as he hurried toward his black horse.  But he never quite reached the black. The gun in Turk Powell's hand cracked--and down went the little man.  Eileen gasped, moaned, "Of all the cowardly acts!"  Dave had pulled his gun. He was watching Turk Powell cautiously de- scend the ridge and move toward the fallen man. Dave moved, too; and Eileen followed. Pretty soon the girl heard the wounded man yell, "Don't shoot no more, Powell. We'll split the roll!"  "Split--hell!" Powell rumbled. "I got to this range first, Frenchy! It was me that made it safe for loot-hunters around here. I got rid of old Mocas- sin Shaw, and was gettin' rid of his damned nephews. I thought it might take quite a hunt to find what you've got in your pocket there!"  "It's as much mine as it is yours, Powell!" groaned the hard-looking lit- tle man called Frenchy. "I overheard Wind River Doyle and Boots Ballan- tine talkin' about the cache same as you did."  Wind River Doyle! That name came back to Eileen now. That was the out- law her uncle had mentioned this morning. The wounded outlaw who had been trapped at Moccasin Shaw's cabin! Evidently Doyle hadn't want- ed Shaw to know that he carried loot money, or old Moccasin might have     turned him in to Sheriff Jim Barclay.  "Shaw didn't know Doyle was an outlaw, accordin' to Wind River's story!" Powell was saying to Frenchy.  "But nobody up on this range knows what I am, either. Well, with this money I can make love to a certain pretty girl. Pour my heart out to her!"  "At least let me get away with my life, Powell!" Frenchy pleaded.  "I will like hell!" The gun in Pow- ell's hand started to come up again.  "Better not, Powell!" called Dave Mayland.  TURK POWELL whirled as Dave, with his free hand, shoved Eileen away from him. Two guns roared their noisy defiance at each other and sent echoes hammering at the rim- rock. Eileen stifled a cry and dreaded to look. Yet she did look. And saw Turk Powell, lips twitching, spin half- way around by the impact of a bullet that had raked across his left ribs. He swore, tried to right himself and whip his gun around for a second shot at Dave Mayland whose left arm had been furrowed by a bullet.  Again Dave shot, and with the cool, fierce deliberation that had marked with battle of fists with Turk Powell. This time Powell's gun fell from his hand, a hand that was useless because the arm above it had been smashed by lead.  "Good for you, stranger!" said Frenchy, who had already felt the sting of Powell's gunfire.  Dave paid no attention to that trib- ute. Gun still lveled for action, he moved slowly toward Powell who, handsome face pale and distorted with pain, now slumped on the ground.  "So you made this place safe for loot-hunters, eh?" Dave asked. "It don't look too safe right now, does it? Before I take you to town, though, I'm collectin'--if you've got any cash on you--for that doctor bill you're s'posed