10 ROBERT DALE DENVER    "These Night Canyon horses are some of the best in the West and they've got looks besides. We know a bunch of Easterners that will pay big money for horses to stock the ranch they just bought. We'll pay you a thousand dol- lars down now as earnest money, the rest when we tally out the hundred head."  For the first time Temple considered the deal. "The ranch could use that money," he said. "Those horses do us no good out there just running on the range. You say you can gather them yourself? They're hard to corral in those canyons."  "I know that country, Mr. Temple," said Andy Partle. "Like I told you, I rode for the Cross Seven some years ago. That's our offer--a hundred a piece for a hundred head, totaling ten thou- sand dollars."  Partle and Brandon, glancing at Tem- ple, knew that the man was seriously turning over their offer. There was a "money" look in his light blue eyes.  "You've got the thousand dollars earnest money in cash?" he asked.  Andy Partle promptly pulled out a roll of bills, but another man had strolled up to the bar, stepping in be- tween Temple and the other two. Partle recognized the proprietor of the saloon and gambling place, Gid Coulter. Andy had noticed him before, standing talk- ing to a customer doing some solitary heavy drinking at a nearby table. The customer seemed vaguely familiar to Andy, but he had not been able to place him.  "Hello, Coulter," said Andy. "Still doing business at the old stand, I see. Many a dollar of hard-earned wages I lost in here a long time ago, when I worked for the Cross Seven."  "Nobody asked you to lose your money in here," Coulter rasped. The saloon man was tall and raw-boned, with a battered hook-nosed face. "Seems to me I heard you talking about selling some horses, Temple. Probably I heard wrong."  "It's mighty easy money, Coulter,"     said Temple. "Ten thousand dollars for a hundred head--that's the offer. We got so many horses out there running wild that they're eating the range poor."  "I wouldn't sell no horses now, Tem- ple," growled Coulter. "Not with these other things to attend to. Step back in the office and we'll talk it over."  Coulter's voice was uncompromising and harsh. It was the wrong tone to use on Temple, who had had too many drinks of Scotch.  "What's there to talk over?" he re- turned arrogantly. "I'm president of the Cross Seven, and capable, I trust, of running its affairs. We need money. What's a better way to get it than to sell horses? I'll take your offer," he told Andy Partle and Roane Brandon. "Hand over that money and I'll give you a receipt."  "It would be businesslike, I guess, to have a sales agreement besides a re- ceipt," said Roane Brandon and, taking a pencil and sheet of paper from a pock- et, he began writing on the bar top.  "Now look here, Temple!" put in Coulter. "I say we'll talk this over first. You're drunk and don't know what you're doing."  Temple, who was a plain snob when sober and worse when drunk, turned on the saloon man. "My dear Coulter," he said sarcastically, "will you kindly con- cern yourself with your own business?"  "All right!" growled Coulter abrupt- ly, and his greenish eyes held a glare that boded no good for Temple. "Have it your own way." He retreated to his office, staying there while the deal for the horses was completed, the sales agreement signed and the thousand dol- lars paid over.  During that interval the hard-drink- ing customer at the table had gotten up to stroll into Coulter's private office, closing the door behind him.  Temple tucked the money in his pocket and promptly left the saloon. Brandon and Partle were about to fol- low when Gid Coulter emerged from his office and strode toward them.