96 CLIFF WALTERS    to pay." He started ripping at Powell's pockets.  Suddenly Eileen emitted a cry there was no time to stifle. A long packet of money in an envelope had come into view.  "What's all this?" Dave Mayland asked. "Where did you make this haul? Not punchin' cows, I hope, Powell?"  "That's Uncle Fred's money!" shouted the girl. "Now I know who burned the ranch house. And that's why the pasture fence was torn down --so my uncle couldn't go to town and put that money in the bank."  "The same gent set fire to this cabin here," said Dave. "On the way up here I stopped by the carcass of a roan horse. I could see where somebody had unhitched a team and had rode one of those horses in this direction. You might as well tell us about that yearlin' hide that got Moccasin in trouble, too, Powell. Or will I choke the truth out of you?"  "I planted the hide!" Powell an- swered. "What the hell's the difference who knows it now?"  Eileen turned to see her uncle walk- ing around the half-burned corral. She called, "Come here, Uncle Frosty and hear what happened!"  "I've heard enough. And seen enough," he said flatly, his frosty eyes on Powell. "Why didn't you kill him, Mayland, when he gave you such a good chance?"  "I'd rather have him talk, like he has, and then spend the rest of his days behind bars," came the reply. "Well, there's your money, Mr. Clark. I--I don't know about this loot that these crooks have uncovered."  "Keep it," mumbled Clark. "You sure deserve some reward for shootin' Powell. And besides--" Clark didn't finish. Frenchy Larue, who had broken     out of the penitentiary a few days ago, had squirmed around in his agony to- ward the gun which had fallen from Powell's hand. Now that gun cracked. Lead tore into Turk Powell who rocked over and lay still.  "Turn about, eh?" groaned Frenchy, himself on the verge of death. The gun in his hand sagged to the earth and his fingers relaxed.  Eileen shudered, turned away. Her uncle came along before she had gone many steps, laid a gentle hand on her arm and said, "Thanks for meddlin', lady. If, blinded by Powell's tricks, I'd helped him kill Dave Mayland this morning. . .  "Promise me I'm really forgiven?" She tried to smile, but tears were in her eyes. Something had melted the frosty armor from this man. There was gentleness in his tone, in his eyes now.  "If you promise to live in that new house we're goin' to build on the JY," he replied. "A house you can design. And make it big enough because--"  "Because what?"  "Hey, Mayland!" he called. "Moc- casin'll be comin' home as soon as we get to town. How about you helpin' me run the JY? Eileen wants you to, and--"  "Well, if she wants me to. . . ." Dave Mayland was actually smiling, a warm, friendly smile that did something to Eileen's heart. "Will you have a job for my kid brother, too, after his arm's well?"  "Sure!" Clark answered. "The more Maylands, the better! From what I've seen of 'em. How about you, Eileen?"  "That goes for me, too!" she an- swered firmly.  "Thanks for sayin' that," said Dave, coming forward now. "But I warn you, if I'm near you all the time, Eileen Clark, I'm goin' to start makin' love --and for the first time in my life."    Take the change from that quarter you've spent on Ranch Romances and buy a WAR SAVINGS STAMP