POKER WINNINGS 67    took possession of the Nate Parks ranch, which meant besides land and buildings a few head of fair saddle stock. His purchase had aroused con- siderable attention around the country and Ordway declared that Carter had taken it hard, though he was keeping amazingly quiet. Bill had seen neither the Carters nor Martha Leeds.  His second morning on the ranch Bill was repairing a corral gate when a horseman rode into the yard. A com- pactly built man, his iron grey hair was worn rather long and lay smoothly be- low his hat. His closely shaven face was devoid of wrinkles and wore a bland expression.  "Good morning, Bill," he said, halt- ing near the corral.  "Howdy, Lem," Bill replied noncha- lantly.  "You're lucky, at your age, to have cash enough to buy this place," Carter stated, eyeing Bill closely.  "I worked hard for the stake."  "But you haven't enough more to buy cattle," Lem suggested, adding when Bill said nothing, "and you either hope to raise some, possibly at the bank, or knowing my interest in this ranch, you figured on tricking a still higher price out of me. All right-- we'll settle the matter now. I'm ex- panding considerably and can use this range and water. I'll give you five hundred dollars more than you paid."  "My reasons for buying are person- al," Bill replied, staring into the black eyes that belied the blandness of the face. "This ranch positively is not for sale. I'm here to stay."  "I've made my only offer," Carter said curtly. "If your buy was on the level, well--I hate to see a young fel- low start off with the handicap this un- stocked place will be. And knowing how unfortunate your father was--"  "Unfortunate is hardly the word I would use for what happened to my father," Bill broke in, making a strong effort to conceal rising anger. He had not foreseen how difficult it would be     to face Carter and restrain his suspi- cions.  When Lem rode off, after a few care- fully casual words, Bill was tensely on edge. "There must be some way of bringing this business to a head," he thought. "Never could play a waiting game. Rather risk everything on the cards I hold."  AT THE end of the week cattle were on Bill's range and he had the companionship of a cowboy he had rid- den with for several years. Leaving Ted Rising in charge, Bill rode to town. He wanted to see Ordway and there was to be a horse sale that afternoon. About a mile out of Indian Creek he saw a girl rider in front of him. One look and he jabbed spurs into his horse. When he slowed at her side, Martha gave him a serene glance and nod. But the air held the disturbance of an electric current and he could not think of any ordinary comment to make.  It seemed that she was similarly af- fected, for after a moment she startled Bill by asking bluntly, "Why were you so determined to stop me from going away with Van Carter that day?"  "W-why, I--I told you the reasons," he stammered.  "Those you stated were not sufficient to account for your extreme insist- ence," she told him. "And since you interfered so inexcusably in my per- sonal affairs, I consider you owe me at least an explanation."  She was looking squarely at him, the intense color of her eyes adding to the disturbing mystery of their depths. As before in her presence, Bill lost all pow- er to think.  "I had to try to stop you," he ex- claimed, "because I wanted to marry you myself!"  "Oh!" The ejaculation was a gasp. Martha's serenity vanished and she blushed to the wave of soft hair below