90 CLIFF WALTERS    the thrown rider--came running around the corral. At the lean, bright-haired stranger Turk bawled, "Who the hell do you think you are? Shootin' my horse!"  "I think I'm Dave Mayland, shootin' an outlaw horse before he kills my young brother. Somebody had to stop that killer--and it's a cinch you wasn't tryin' very hard." Dave Mayland rode to the side of his brother, a dazed young fellow of about seventeen, bent over him and tried to help him to his feet.  Eileen could see then that the younger Mayland's left arm dangled limply, and his face looked tense and white in the dusk.  "Take him in the house!" called the girl.  "I'll take him to town--on his old bay horse there," replied Dave May- land, his voice harsh, flat. "But first I'll know how come he happened to be twistin' broncs for this tinhorn lay- out!"  "He come along--from the Horse- shoe Springs place, he said," replied Turk Powell, "and wanted to borrow a little coffee. I told him I'd give him five pounds of coffee if he'd ride the roan, and he was game."  "Game?" Dave Mayland echoed.  "How did Bob here know the roan was a killer? Did you tell him that when you was baitin' a seventeen-year-old kid into riskin' his neck? You needn't answer. You, and the rest of the scum around this crooked outfit, wanted to see anybody--anybody related to old Moccasin Shaw--smashed all to hell!"  "Are you drunk, Mr. Mayland?" Turk countered calmly.  "Not as drunk as you are."  "Good. Then we can talk business. Start shellin' out for that horse you've just killed. He cost me fifty dollars."  "I'll pay you off this way." Dave Mayland, tall, lean, savage as a wolf, smashed a blow to the face of Turk Powell, who viciously retaliated with a blow of his own.  Then they went at it, give and take.     Eileen gasped when a vicious blow staggered Turk a little. She gasped again when he nearly felled his tough opponent with a smashing uppercut. Dave Mayland didn't go down, how- ever. Blue eyes glinting with fury, he waded into Turk and punished him with lefts and rights. Punishment that was still being meted out when Frosty Clark came running down from the ranch house.  "Cut it out!" Frosty bellowed. "There'll be no fightin' here."  "There'll be a lot more of it if this buzzard, that ain't quite as handsome as he was a minute ago, don't shell out for the doctor bill on my brother's busted arm. . . . Come on, Bob. We ridin' to town. I'd taken you with me in the first place if I'd known you was comin' down to this buzzard roost to bum grub."  "I didn't know the JY had it in for us," said the younger brother.  "You know what they did to old Moccasin, don't you? They'll have us in jail with him--if they have their way. They want the Horseshoe Springs place to go by the boards. Remember that!"  "Are you payin' for that horse you killed?" Turk Powell asked.  "Try to collect!"  "All right. Maybe I will, Mr. May- land, as long as you're goin' to be livin' right handy here. If I ketch you alone out on the range--"  "You've got it backwards," came the reply. "Coyotes never chase men. But you'll see me, as soon as the doc in Tall Tree hands me the bill for fixin' this kid's arm. And you'll pay that bill, one way or another. Just like this thievin' layout here'll pay Moccasin Shaw for the time he spends in jail."  "Get off this place. Stay off!" Frosty Clark ordered. "If that damned old thief has brought some of his tribe in here to scare the JY, you'd better watch your step. I'm not after Horse- shoe Springs."  "You tried pretty hard to buy it once, didn't you?" said Dave Mayland.