CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 29    to camp," she remarked. "I played in there as a child. We children had a secret house back under the cliff in a thicket."  Jean stopped the team when they reached the place Linda had pointed out. Clumps of thick brush choked the entrance to the little break in the cliff walls. The wagon could be so drawn up that Tom Gary could be carried from it directly into the brush.  She looked back inquiringly at Gary and when he nodded his approval, she guided the team into the open space, halting the wagon so that the back of it was close to the thicket. Then she got down to follow Gary who had slipped out to enter the brushy covert, through growth so thick that they had to force their way through it. Thirty yards or so and they found the remains of an old play-house. From a low-branched  ANDY PARTLE  tree nearby a tarpaulin could be rigged to make a shelter tent.  While Linda acted as lookout in case anyone should ride up, Gary and Jean got the wounded man back through the brush with difficulty. After that Jean gathered wood and built a fire near the wagon. Linda Stevens would have stayed but she realized that she could be of no help and she was only disturbing Tom's father by being there. Reluctantly she went back     to the ranch while Jean made a broth for the wounded man from fresh meat she and her father had brought with them.  Andy Partle came along shortly, leading two pack horses. Roane had met him, he told Jean, and had saddled a horse and ridden out with Savvy to hunt for Dan Carvel. Andy brought Jean's saddle hidden in a bedroll.  "Just leave it to Roane," Andy as- sured her. "Believe it or not, but Roane's just got a instinct for finding critters. He kin jist size up a country and seem to know where to look for what he's huntin'--b'ar or cougar, or horses or cattle. While that dog Savvy has got the high-poweredest nose I ever seen in a dog. They make a pair, those two. They found a dead man one time after the country had been gone over inch by inch. Of course," he added hastily, "your pa ain't dead. He'll turn up alive."  Jean tried to believe that, but it was hard. If her father had met with an accident, it seemed an impossible task for a man and a dog to find him in a strange country, where rain had certainly washed out all tracks. And yet she had faith in that young fel- low who seemed somehow to be part of the canyons, the trees, the mountain peaks. He reminded her of the stories she had heard of the fur trappers, the buckskin clad men who had wandered easily into every corner of the un- explored West, often through hostile Indian tribes. In the strange insane world of the mighty canyons into which she and her father had traveled, where cruelty and murder ruled, Roane Brandon was a stalwart refuge.  The day dragged by. Andy Partle wandered up to the Cross Seven and was gone for several hours. Clayton Gary watched by the side of his son. Jean dozed a little, and came to with a start. The skies were clouded again; rain was falling on distant peaks. Standing not ten feet from her was a man of medium height, rather chunky, with a sharp-featured face and