CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 9   Threllen looked somberly at his horse's ears. "We'll have the shadows cleared up 'fore long, Miss Linda," he said gravely. "And then we'll have plenty sun--all the sun there is for ourselves. We're due for a big ruckus, but when it's ended, we'll have those Garys wiped out and we'll have all the Canyons of the Night to ourselves." He spoke with the heavy conviction of a person who had few ideas, but had those few firmly fixed.  The woman shivered. "Let's go back," she said abruptly, and the group went along the canyon at a jog trot, two men riding a hundred yards in front, Threllen with Miss Linda and three men in the back. As they rode, the men kept rifles over their saddle horns, ready for instant use.  CHAPTER II Night Ambush  OLDISH Andy Partle, who was Roane Bran- don's partner on a small cattle ranch, was frequently heard to declare that his young partner had been born a few dec- ades too late. Roane, Andy maintained, should have lived in the days when he could have trapped the Rockies in the company of Kit Car- son, Jim Bridger and their kind. Roane liked hunting and catching wild mus- tangs more than he did ranching. The business of ranching often bored him, and at such times he would load a pack horse, whistle to a half-dozen hounds and ride back into isolated country to hunt and trap. A few weeks or months later, looking as wild as a wolf, he would reappear, ready for another stint of ranch work.  Two inches over six feet, loose, rangy, with a deep, good-humored voice, Roane Brandon in a buckskin quill-ornamented jacket made a strik- ing figure lounging now against the bar     of the Coulter saloon in the town of Hurley. After a trip of a hundred miles from their home, he and Andy Partle, a gray-mustached man of sixty, had ridden into Hurley that morning with two pack horses. Having made camp on the outskirts of the place and hobbled their horses, they had spent the hours since loafing about the town.  Standing with them now in the Coul- ter bar and gambling place was Fred Temple, president of the big Cross Seven Ranch Company. Temple was a transplanted Easterner, a city man, dressed in a business suit with English riding boots; a long-headed reddish- blond man of forty-five who would have looked entirely in place at a bank direc- tors' meeting. Andy and Roane had practically forced their company on the rancher, Temple being the snobbish sort who did not readily pick up ac- quaintance with strangers. Andy and Roane were drinking beer, sparingly. Temple was drinking Scotch--a lot of it--and warming up a little under its influence.  The two had been lucky in having found Temple in town that day, but that was as far as their luck went. They had come to the Hurley country to make a deal with Temple for Cross Seven horses, but Temple had declared curtly that he had no horses for sale.  "The Cross Seven is not selling horses, I tell you," snapped Temple when Andy Partle brought up the mat- ter for the third time. "They would need gathering and we haven't time to do that just now. We have more impor- tant matters to attend to."  "We'll do the gathering," offered Partle. "And we'd pay mighty good money for a hundred head or so that we got a chance to turn a profit on. We'll give you a hundred a piece for three-to five-year-old mares and gel- dings. That's mighty good money."  "Good money," admitted Temple, startled. "And you can make money paying that much for unbroken horses?"  "Yeah," stated Roane Brandon.