GHOST TOWN LADY 53   "Jerry Lansing? No, I can't place him. There was a Lansing here, years ago. Tom, his name was. I remember him. A big, quiet man. The Judge liked him, I recall."  "I don't understand it," the girl said. She drew an envelope from the pocket in her blouse and took out a letter. She read it. "He says as plain as anything that I should be here the 15th. He even told me where to hire a horse in Butte City to ride out here. He says he final- ly struck it rich and that we'll be married and go on south to the ranch he wants to buy."  Mrs. Gray sensed her worry. "Well," she said quietly, "the 15th is tomorrow. This Mr. Lansing may turn up by then. Have you known him long?"  "Oh, yes, for years. But I haven't seen him for nearly four years. I haven't heard from him very often. But--well, we always planned to be married. So-- well, when this letter came, I just skipped. And now--"  "Come on into the kitchen with me," Mrs. Gray suggested. "I was just goin' to fix dinner."  "I can't understand why no one seems to know Jerry. Or why he wanted me to meet him here, instead of Butte City. He didn't tell me Chaco was a ghost town."  "It isn't," Mrs. Gray said crisply. "Not while I'm here."  She put the girl to work in the kitchen, to take her mind off Jerry Lansing. She herself whipped up a batch of biscuits, floured the chicken and set the butter beans on to cook. As she worked, she spoke cheerfully of her garden and her happiness in Chaco. While the chicken was browning in the big skillet, she heard a horse outside and went out on the back porch.  WELL, Tommy Barnes!" she called out happily. "You're just in time. Come in."  Deputy Sheriff Tom Barnes swung down from the sad-     dle and walked toward her, spurs jingling. He swept off his big hat and smiled at her.  "You've got company?" he asked, glancing at Mary's horse.  "Yes, a young lady from Denver. She was in Butte yesterday, rode out this mornin'. So wash your face and slick your hair down, Tommy. Get a hustle on."  She spoke to him as if he were still the ten-year-old Chaco orphan who had run errands for the Judge. Tommy was used to that.  "I haven't been in Butte for a week," he said. "Trailin' a feller. He got away from me."  "Then you'll be ready for something good to eat. Who was he, Tommy?"  "Goes by the name of Jud Lane. Robbed a bank down below. I was right close to him. The son of a gun just melted away. I can't understand it."  "I'm ashamed of you! The Judge taught you to track anything on feet. Well, hurry up. The table's set."  Tom Barnes washed up outside, combed his dark hair, and then walked into the kitchen. Mary Grant was stand- ing at one side, neatly slicing tomatoes from Mrs. Gray's garden. It wasn't strange that Tom saw her first. The light from the window fell upon her hair and made it golden. Tom looked at her for a long moment, scarcely hearing Mrs. Gray's introduction.  "Oh, if you're a deputy sheriff," Mary said, "you've probably heard of Jerry Lansing. Maybe you know him. He wrote me once that he had been helping the sheriff."  "No," Tom shook his head, "I can't say I've heard of him."  "Well, it's the strangest thing!" Mary declared. "All his letters, lately, have been mailed from Butte City, yet nobody knows him."  "Lot of prospectors up in the hills," Tom explained. "Might be one of them."  "Of course," Mrs. Gray agreed. "He'll show up tomorrow, Mary. Eat hearty, folks."