CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 17    out in the open, he won't have much chance to pull through."  "I heard the shots," said the girl. "That's why I built up the fire. I was figuring to go over and investigate. But you found him, you say? Is he--" She hesitated. "I'm worried about my father. He rode off today and hasn't come back yet. That isn't the direction he went, but--" Her voice broke off.  "It can't be your father," Roane as- sured her hastily. "A young fellow. One of the Garys; at any rate he car- ried a letter in his pocket addressed to Tom Gary. I'm a stranger in this coun- try, but the man that shot him, I'm positive is the same hombre that fired at my partner and me in our camp above Moon Canyon to- night."  The shotgun lowered a little then only to be brought sharply up again. "How do I know you're telling the truth?" she demanded.  "Why would I tell you anything else?" he returned simply. "The only way I can prove it is to show you that young fel- low. Right now you'll just have to take my word that I'm not a liar."  "I know you're not lying," said the girl quickly, and as if to show she was ashamed of having doubted him she at once leaned the gun against a wagon wheel. "Can you bring him here on a horse?"  "Only way to get him here, I guess, although I hate to run the risk of all that jolting. If there was another man, we could carry him on a stretcher. Are you alone here?"  She nodded. "Yes. We're strangers in here too. We were traveling to see the Garys about some horses that strayed back to this country and we came to a stretch of road that we   In the Second March Number The Road to Grayhorse The story of a Lost Range Empire By Frank C. Robertson     couldn't get the wagon across. Dad said he'd ride on alone and leave me in camp. He'd have taken me along, but it's dangerous riding through this coun- try and he intended to be gone only a day. But why don't we make a stretcher for this man? I can carry my end of it."  Roane looked at her wiry body. "I guess you could," he admitted. "This young Gary is tall but not so heavy. I'll cut a couple of poles if you'll get a piece of tarp."  By the fire they worked, fastening a strip of stout canvas to two tough poles Roane had cut. Then with Roane car- rying the makeshift stretcher and a can- teen of water, they started out, walking fast over the rough ground.  He had left Savvy tied near the wounded man and the hound gave a deep bark as they came near. Surprising- ly, Roane found young Gary con- scious and even able to talk a lit- tle. He stared up at Roane and asked, "Who are you?"  "Someone that's willing to help you, Mister. My name is Roane Bran- don. I ranch over in the Cradle River country. And this girl's father rode to see you Garys about some stray horses. He hasn't come back yet; maybe you met him. He bought some horses from some of your family some time ago."  "His name is Dan Carvel," put in the girl. "You haven't seen him?"  "No," said the wounded man. "But I left the ranch early today. Your horses came back; my brother Ed said they were the ones he'd sold."  Roane held the canteen to Gary's lips, and Gary swallowed a little.  "You know what man you met up here?" asked Roane. "The fellow that shot you?"