120 MARIE DE NERVAUD    flivver through the trees was no empty phrase.  Weak with relief, he moved as the car came toward him, then fear gripped him once more. Why wasn't Dolores in the front seat with Tom?  "Where's Dolores?" he cried. He had to repeat his hoarse question twice before he could make the sheriff hear.  "What's that?" Tom Crawford stopped short, one foot on the ground, the other on the running board.  "What did you say?"  "My God! I said, ‘Where's Dolores?' Didn't you--"  "Where's Dolores?" the sheriff echoed. "What do you mean? Isn't she here?"  With one bound he was up the steps. "Do you mean to say she isn't here?" He ripped out an oath. "That puts me on the spot, all right! So, she's vam- oused!"  "What the hell are you talking about?" Bill Granby roared. "She hasn't vamoused. Something's hap- pened to her! I thought of course that she'd gone back to town with you yes- terday afternoon."  "Yesterday afternoon!" It was Tom Crawford's turn to roar. "She's been missing since yesterday afternoon? Why didn't you--"  "Wait, Tom--wait!" Bill breathed heavily and put his hand to his heart. "It isn't going to help to yell! We'll only have that Maria on our necks! Let me get this straight. Didn't you come out here yesterday afternoon?"  "I couldn't make it," the sheriff an- swered. "I told Dolores I expected to come but then I got delayed. At all events, I had the word of honor of this precious niece of yours that she wouldn't leave the ranch until I did come! This morning I got the report on the gun. Those were her finger- prints, all right. Not that I think she was the killer," he added at Bill's stricken look. "I don't. But it'll be a hell of a job to prove it. Especially if she's run away."  "She hasn't run away, I tell you!"     Bill Granby declared. "If she gave you her word she would stay here, she would stay! I'd stake my life on it! Tom, there's foul play here! What--"  A yippee cut him short. Both men turned to see Roy coming pellmell down the slope of the north pasture.  "My God! I knew all the time she was lying!" Bill ejaculated.  "Who was lying?" the sheriff de- manded, but before Bill could answer, Roy was charging up to them with a joyful, "Where's Dolores?"  CHAPTER XXIV Gone  IT SEEMED to Roy, as he came up at a hard gallop, that years must have passed since he last saw that ranch house porch. Ever since the moment yesterday when he had turned to wave a farewell to Do- lores, emotion and a heady elation had flamed through him, quickening him to an intensity of living he had never known before.  The sheer surprise and wonder of the fact that Dolores actually loved him as he loved her keyed him to high exhila- ration. It wasn't all fairy tale, this business of love at first sight! It could strike you out of a clear sky, as it had struck him. As, thank Heaven, it had struck Dolores.  Every minute of these strenuous hours that Roy had passed since he left her had been permeated, waking or sleeping, by dreams of her. On first getting back to the Lazy Nine, he had made himself snatch a few hours of much needed sleep. His last waking thoughts had been the incredible real- ization that the next time he went to sleep in this room, Dolores would be beside him.  The glory of this thought vied with the glory of the sunset as, once more in the saddle, he raced across the mesa to the meeting place Slim and he had agreed on. Twilight had been deepen-