38 ROBERT DALE DENVER    log before you get to the rapids and head back to the ranch barefoot. It may take you a day or so for the trip, but they won't be needing you there anyway. Meanwhile we want Señor Threllen to think that we're floating down the river."  The men had no choice but to obey. Sullenly they took off their boots, and after a great deal of effort managed to roll the log into the river. Then they straddled the log and the sluggish shore current slowly took the strange boat out into the stream.  They rode fast until they neared the Cross Seven again. Lights burned in the bunkhouse, besides the main house. Cautiously they kept to the slope op- posite the ranch until they were above the Carvel camp. Roane went down to find Jean sitting by the fire.  "You came back!" she exclaimed, at sight of him. "Those men--"  "Figured to kill us, but we gave them a little boat ride in return. Sent 'em off down the river on a log."  His arm went around her, drawing her close. "We got to make tracks out of this country fast. We're not waiting for the Garys. We'll hitch your team to that old buckboard for an ambulance for Tom. We got to take Nab and Linda Stevens with us; there's horses for everybody. Do you think you could sneak up to the house and get Nab and Linda to come down here? Tell them a big war is due to break in this coun- try. Coulter is bringing out a bunch of men tonight to start a real war. We've got to travel to Dawn Canyon where we'll be with friends."  CHAPTER VIII Unseen Assassin  JEAN CARVEL had no trouble in getting to the Cross Seven ranch house un- detected. Lights still burned in several of the rooms, but those occupied by Linda and Nab were dark; the two were evidently     asleep. Linda had not been told that the Garys were coming to take Tom away. Tom's father had been afraid that she might reveal the secret. Jean, reaching one of the windows of the suite occupied by the two women, rap- ped on it lightly.  Someone stirred in a bed and the nurse, Nab, came to the window, her gaunt figure attired in a high-necked nightgown.  "There's to be real war started in here tomorrow. Gid Coulter is bring- ing out a bunch of men from Hurley. Andy and Roane say we've got to leave," Jean explained in a whisper. "Threllen sent four men out tonight with Andy and Roane to kill them, but they sent the four men down the river on a log. We're all to go to the Garys tonight, and we've got to leave at once. Tell Linda she can't stay here any longer."  "I'll tell her. And I'll be thankin' the Lord on my knees when and if we git outa here," said the nurse. "I've expected to wake up and find myself killed in my bed almost any night for a long time. Hark!"  Horses were riding down canyon to the ranch--at least a dozen of them. These, Jean guessed, would be the group brought by Gid Coulter. One rider came straight to the house; the others went to the bunkhouse below. Threllen's voice came, greeting the newcomer.  Acting on an impulse, while Nab and Linda Stevens were getting ready. Jean went through the dark courtyard toward the lighted windows of the big hall-like room, keeping close to the shadow of the wall. The windows of the room were uncurtained. A tall raw-boned husky with a hooked nose was entering, Threllen following. Fred Temple was already in the room.  "This is an unexpected pleasure, see- ing you out here, Coulter," Temple said in his arrogant way.  "I could do with a drink," said Coulter, and going to a cabinet, brought out a whiskey decanter and a glass and poured liquor. Then throw-