74 MARIAN O'HEARN    vey, one of the two physicians in Law- rence.  "Thanks, but not now. I'll see you later. It's not bad." And Ransome went on at that swift, even pace.  Harvey swung around and, seeing Faith, started angrily toward her. "What's the idea of standing out in the street with a shooting match going on?"  "It was over before I knew it had happened," she said, and her glance fol- lowed Pat Ransome.  The young doctor shifted his bag and pulled her arm through his. He glared at her father. "She might have been killed! Why didn't you get her out of the way?"  Anthony Byers smiled. "I've never managed to make her accept orders. That's why I don't try to give 'em."  "You'd both better go home," Har- vey snapped. "We'll take this carriage at the corner."  He helped Faith and her father up and, sitting at the girl's side, looked at her grimly. "I thought you promised not to have any part in this street preaching."  "Promised?" Her blue glance lifted to his face. "I don't think I said any- thing, Mike! You just told me."  "But you knew I took it for granted."  Anthony Byers laughed drily. "Which shows that doctors know less about women than ministers! Never take anything concerning them for granted."  Faith smiled at Harvey. She had known him for almost two years, ever since she and her father arrived in Law- rence, and she knew that some day, when she was really ready, she would marry him. He was everything she wanted in a husband. Good-looking, capable and hard-working. Until she met him she had not known that a man could be so gentle and yet completely strong.  He touched her hand. "Make the promise now--then I'll only worry about you part of the time."  "But I can't let Dad go out alone, he     might be killed! Today--" But she stopped, suddenly not wanting to tell Mike about Pat Ransome.  "What happened today?"  Anthony Byers spoke quickly. "I started to talk in front of the Oasis Bar and some toughs threatened me. A young fellow--probably a gunnie himself--stopped them. Someone shot him a minute after we left."  "The man who wouldn't let me take care of his arm!" Harvey's voice was startled and his hazel glance touched Faith. "He didn't look like a gunnie to me."  Fire beat up into the girl's cheeks and her blue eyes darkened. "He must be, he's a friend of Tom Knox."  Harvey's glance, still on her face, be- came intent, and her hand lifted to her throat where an angry pulse was beat- ing against the flesh. But he did not speak until they reached the parson- age, where he said: "I think we'd bet- ter have a talk."  The color in her cheeks became even more fiercely bright. "Mike, Pat Ran- some's a stranger in Lawrence, yet someone tried to shoot him. Why would anyone want to kill a stranger?"  "There might be reasons. I heard that Tom Knox was bringing in a man to run for the legislature. The nom- ination's all set and Knox's friends al- ways win the elections."  "Oh!" The glow in her face faded and once more she knew that sense of loss. "Would the State party resort to murder?"  "Might not have been the State par- ty--just someone who didn't want Knox's man to be nominated. He's al- ways careful about the people he brings in to run for office. They're invariably strangers with clean records, at least as far as anyone in the Territory knows. That's playing it safe."  "A clean record," she murmured. "Have you ever seen a freshly minted coin? That's what--"  "Faith!" Harvey's hand closed on her arm and he drew her toward the house. "I don't give a damn about this