14 ROBERT DALE DENVER    you jump back into the brush. And don't waste any time jumpin'. That's a man Savvy's smellin' back there."  Leaning forward, he swiftly spilled a canvas bucket of water over the small flame. As steam and smoke arose, he and Andy leaped back into the dark- ness. Seconds later came the crash of a rifle sounding from the direction of a rocky point behind camp. A second shot came a moment later. Roane, grab- bing a rifle from his bedroll, shouted to Savvy, "Go git him, boy!" When the hound, with a deep bark, streaked toward the little rocky hill, Roane was close at the dog's heels.  There were no other shots, but as the hound's voice lifted again in a booming bark, up ahead came the quick drum of horse hoofs and the crash of a horse through the brush. Savvy pursued hot- ly, as the fleeing rider kept to the dense cover of pinion and cedar, racing away from the camp. Roane realized the man would put a bullet into the hound if Savvy got too close and, taking a whis- tle from a pocket, he sent a shrill blast to recall the dog from his hopeless chase.  Before he returned to camp, Roane found the boot tracks of the ambusher, not many yards from the camp. Using several matches he photographed their shape in his mind and took measure- ments with a piece of string.  Andy had built up the fire again and was stomping about angrily when Roane returned. "The blasted killer," he growled. "All set to take a potshot at us. Likely sneakin' up to git close range shots at us when you put out that fire. Lucky that hound smelled him out."  "Yeah," agreed Roane, searching about in his bedroll and bringing out a pair of Indian moccasins which he be- gan exchanging for his high-heeled rid- ing boots. "That bird came from the direction of Hurley. He was sent out likely by someone there. I'd mention your old friend Coulter if it wouldn't hurt your feelings."  "I'd like to hurt Coulter with a hot     sixgun slug," grunted Andy, "if 'twas him that sent that buzzard after us. You sure ain't goin' chasin' a feller at night in this country afoot," he pro- tested, watching Roane put on the moc- casins. "It's goin' to storm and in the dark there's cliffs where if you fell off you'd land about in time for breakfast --only it'd be some buzzard's break- fast, not yours."  Roane swiftly laced the moccasins. "I got a pair of night eyes and I'll take Savvy along on a leash to guide me. I've got to go afoot. If I rode a horse that fellow would hear me coming a mile away."  "Goin' afoot after a man on a horse!" exclaimed Andy, and then abruptly shut up. He knew that Roane was a buck- aroo who had ridden bad outlaw horses, and as a mountain cowboy had roped bulls on treacherous slopes. Andy also knew that in hunting, Roane and his pack of hounds had run innumerable bear and lion in country too rough to ride a horse over, and had done it for hours at a stretch. Roane could travel all day at a trot; most lion and bear hunters can. They usually have to, in following their hounds on a hot trail.  Standing by the campfire in his buck- skin jacket, Roane looked like an In- dian, except that his features were too square and his eyes were blue. He put a knife in a scabbard at his waist, wrapped a little bread, jerky and coffee into a package, and dropped a dozen rifle cartridges into a pocket. "I feel like taking a little run," he remarked. "If I don't come back tonight, you move the outfit on tomorrow to the Cross Seven headquarters. I'll join you there."  "If Savvy was a little bigger you could put a saddle on his back and ride him," said Andy. "But I hate to see you go, Roane. It's risky, following a bushwhacker like that in rough coun- try. He may lay for you or he may travel fifty miles 'fore he stops."  Roane shrugged and picked up the carbine. "I won't kick at going fifty miles after that hombre. I aim to find