CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 45    a barricade behind which riflemen could crouch to cover the stretch be- hind the wire trap.  By then at the other end of the short gorge the firing had started, hot and heavy. Coulter and Threllen were evi- dently attacking the high fence below the Gary house.  Roane was anticipating that Threllen and Coulter would try their old tactics if they met too strong opposition: Send part of their force back through the gorge to circle along the rims and jump the Gary ranch on a flank. Fif- teen minutes later, the thud of hoofs sounded along the gorge, and half a dozen riders came in sight, to race unsuspectingly toward the wire barrier.  Roane and the others behind the stone barricade on the shelf held their fire until the riders swept into a moon- lit stretch. When their rifles boomed, it was plain slaughter. Two men were instantly dumped from their saddles. The rest frantically scurried back, leav- ing the fallen men where they lay.  It was plain that three men were easily adequate to hold this end of the gorge. Judging by the heavy firing, help might be needed at the other end. Lee Gary and Roane left afoot, climb- ing to the rim of the gorge and travel- ing along it until they were above the Gary ranch. The guns were still mak- ing a harsh bellowing bedlam of sound below. So far at least the attackers had been unable to penetrate the high fence across the gorge.  Roane's black-and-tan hound, which he had left at the Gary ranch when he had taken Dan Carvel there, came from the ranch house to greet his master with his usual single deep bark. Stop- ping at the house, Roane found Jean, Nab and two neighbor women of the Garys preparing a hot meal for the fighters.  Dan Carvel was in bed, demanding querulously that, broken leg or no broken leg, he be carried to a place where he could help in the battle. Tom Gary was in another room, with Linda Stevens attending him.     There was no time to stop at the house, however. The guns were raising a fresh uproar below. Roane hurried down to join in the defense of the ranch.  CHAPTER X Battle of Gary Gorge  ROANE found Andy Partle, Clayton Gary and two neighbors firing from behind a wall of stones loop- holed for their rifles and looking down on the high wire fence in the gorge bottom. Other rifle- men were located behind barricades on the slope.  The moon and stars were fading fast before the slowly approaching day, and as Roane arrived, the Threllen-Coulter men were making use of the faint light to try an advance. It was a cautious one, however, with men keeping under close cover as they moved forward in an attempt to reach the fence. Fully half of the force stayed behind to hail shots at the rifle barricades on the slope. Coolly, calmly, deliberately, the Garys and their neighbors fired when- ever a target presented itself. Before that slow, deadly shooting, the advance was stopped cold.  Coulter and Threllen withdrew their men to some boulders in the gorge bot- tom and the guns fell silent.  "We got a bear by the tail," remarked Andy Partle as he reloaded his rifle. "It's like having a bunch of hornets in your back pocket. As long as you keep 'em buttoned tight in there, you're safe."  Clayton Gary nodded. "We'll keep 'em there. Besides the two ends of that gorge, there's only one way of getting out--by a sort of chimney worn by flood water. They may find that chim- ney when it comes full day, and crawl up it. We'll have to be waiting for 'em."  He grinned at Roane suddenly. "Your mantrap's worked fine so far. Lee just