MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 79    looked down at her almost calmly, and they were the gray of minted coin. Then his glance went back to Harvey.  "Seems to have been a misunder- standing, Doc. You needn't bother to do any talking. It's all said. Adios. And good night to you, ma'am."  He walked past her to the door, mov- ing evenly and surely. His face seemed darker than ever and his hair more bril- liantly fair. "Pat!" The word burst from her lips. "Where are you going?" He paused and looked back. "To see about getting nominated to the Terri- torial legislature."  Faith listened to Pat Ransome's foot- steps going down the hall; heard the closing of the front door. Only then did she turn back to Mike Harvey, and he said quickly: "Your father's con- scious, but I want him to sleep."  "Thank you." She sat down and waited as he crossed the room to her.  "You shouldn't have done that," he said quietly. "He's not a man to play with, and I don't think he's the kind who plays himself."  "Maybe I don't understand."  Mike smiled wryly. "It's simple enough. And don't look like that. I guess I knew, this afternoon, that you weren't for me."  She made herself meet his eyes. "What are you telling me?"  "Just that our engagement's ended."  His face no longer looked drawn, but there was a new crookedness at the corners of his mouth.  "Would you let me go like this? So easily? Mike, listen to me. Pat Ran- some's a stranger. I don't know why I kissed him or why I wanted to. But it's over now and it has nothing to do with us. with what we might have."  The crooked grin deepened. "I'm afraid it has a lot to do with us. I wouldn't have told Ransome you'd promised to marry me, except that he isn't for you, either. He's not your kind and you wouldn't like being mar- ried to one of Tom Knox's hired hands. They're worse than professional gun- men because a gunnie can only ruin a     few lives -- they destroy thousands."  "That means you decided then, as soon as you saw us together--"  "I decided you shouldn't be engaged to anyone until you've grown up." He took his bag from the table. "I'll be around in the morning."  "Mike, wait." She went to him quickly, her hands lifting in appeal. "I wish it hadn't happened. You have to believe that. Please kiss me good night, so that I'll know--"  "So you'll know I still want to hold you in my arms?"  She stopped and stared at him with darkening eyes. "Is that what you think of me?"  He turned to the door. "Good night, Faith," he said crisply, and he too moved quietly down the hall and out of the house.  It was a long time before she went to her own room and got into bed, knowing she would not sleep. The dark- ness was a curtain on which played vivid pictures of Pat Ransome. And it also showed her Mike Harvey smiling drily to hide the tenderness of his mouth.  AT DAWN she got up, and pulling on her clothes, went to her father's room. Finding him asleep, she started a fire in the kitchen range and began to prepare breakfast. The sun would be up soon and Pat Ransome would be moving about in the sunlight, apart from her and out of her life. As she measured coffee into the pot there was a sound like a soft footstep on the back porch. She listened, the spoon in mid- air. Had she actually heard the door opening? It couldn't be!  But it was. It swung in slowly and a man stepped into the kitchen. Tom Knox, the political boss of Lawrence. He looked at her with his appraising, heavy-lidded dark eyes and said: "Good morning, ma'am. I saw a light and figured you were awake. How's your father? I heard he was roughed up a bit last night."  "Yes. Your men did the roughing."