WYOMING SEÑORITA 121    ing as he had finally caught up with the milling herd. It had been hard to pull his thoughts back from the intox- icating subject of Dolores, but Roy had felt a deep thankfulness as he saw his cattle safely down from the upper range.  Slim had accepted Roy's congratula- tions with a satisfied grunt. "Reckon we're safe for one while! I hope the Double Bar X outfit has had as good luck as we have."  "How about my going over to see if they've made it down from the upper range?" Roy had suggested, and Slim had readily fallen with the idea.  "Sure, we're all set now. I'm sending one of the boys back to the Lazy Nine tomorrow. Maybe, if the Double Bar X is still havin' trouble, we could spare him to help 'em out. I take it you'll be stickin' around the ranch for a while?"  Instead of the bitterness that this re- mark would have brought to Roy a few days ago, a glow of happiness had radi- ated through him.  "Yeah, I'll be sticking around," he had gloated. "I've got to go to town tomorrow morning, but after that you'll find me right at the Lazy Nine, for bet- ter or worse!"  Slim had stared at Roy as he had given a happy guffaw at his secret joke. Roy had continued to chuckle over it, off and on, after he had left Slim and started for the Double Bar X Ranch. Slim would get the surprise of his life, all right, when he came back to the ranch!  Good luck had stayed with Roy all that night of hard riding. He had guessed fairly well about where the Double Bar X herd would be apt to be, and Pike's welcome had been a heartwarming reminder of the new and close connection between the two ranches.  "Golly, Roy, but I'm plumb glad to see you! I was hopin' like hell that someone would show up. so's I could send word to the Old Man that we're O.K. Another two hours and we'll have the herd all safely down on the lower     range. I was too short-handed to send any of the boys back, but you can tell Bill we're practically out of danger."  "I'll be glad to," Roy had answered, then asked, "Has Jerry showed up?"  "Jerry?" Pike's disgusted grunt had been answer enough. "I got troubles a-plenty without addin' Jerry to 'em."  Roy was thinking of this now, as he rode up to the house and saw the fliv- ver and the sheriff. He hoped Jerry wasn't in a mess.  He pulled his horse to a halt and was about to call out again for Dolores, when he caught the expression of the two men on the porch waiting for him. In a flash he was out of the saddle and up with them.  "What's the matter?" His heart sank with sickening premonition. "What's happened to Dolores?"  "Nothing, we hope." Bill's groan was anything but reassuring. "Pipe down, Roy! Don't get that damn Maria ex- cited."  "Tell me, Bill!" Roy's tense low voice begged. "Where is she?" He looked belligerently at the sheriff. "Don't tell me you've run her in!"  "We don't know where she is," Tom Crawford began. "She was here yester- day afternoon."  "Yesterday!" Roy exploded. "For God's sake don't tell me she's been gone since yesterday, and you've done noth- ing about it! What are you doing here?" He turned fiercely on the sher- iff. "Get going!"  "Where?"  The sheriff's solemn question froze Roy in his tracks as he was about to leap for his horse. Coldly, Tom Craw- ford added, "Just what call have you, Roy, to be taking charge in this high handed--"  "What call have I?" Roy cut off his question with a hoarse anguished croak. "Didn't Dolores tell you?" He looked wildly at Bill.  "Tell me what?"  "We were planning to get married this morning! She can't be gone, Bill! She can't!" He turned fiercely on the