AMATEUR PAGE   This page is made up of original pieces of cartoons, verse or prose pertaining to the West, written by our readers. Our only requirements are that the persons submitting material be amateurs and that all material be original with the person submitting it. For each contribution published we shall pay the writer (or artist if it is a cartoon) two dollars. More than one contribution may be submitted by any one person.  Address all contributions to The Amateur Page, Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ave., New York. No submissions will be returned, nor can we enter into correspondence regarding them.     Bashful Joe  HE was just a bashful cowpoke And a little bit homely, too, But when it came to punchin' cows There wasn't much he couldn't do.  He could cut a calf out from the herd And hogtie it just like that, Then slap its owners brand On its hide in nothing flat.  He could ride the toughest bronco Or bulldog the wildest steer, He could draw his gun like lightning Or yodel loud and clear.  But when it came to women This cowboy was a wreck, So his pals said he needed a wife, And they'd marry him off, by heck.  But when they'd introduce him To a girl upon the street, He'd just get red and stammer, "There's a fella I've gotta meet."  The boys drove him frantic With their affairs for his heart Till the boss's pretty daughter Stepped in and took his part.  She was gay and friendly And always very kind, And when he'd blush and stammer She didn't seem to mind.  So soon he learned to love her, And then they asked her pa. Now he makes those boys step, 'Cause he's the boss's son-in-law!  Veda Marie Voss, Willow Island, Nehr.     Out of the Frying Pan  MY father, sheriff of Pensco County, was hated and feared by every outlaw in the West, but his most deadly enemy was Matt Garson, a notorious killer. When Garson robbed the bank in Pensco and left a note daring Dad to come and get him single- handed, Dad took up the challenge. But although he didn't know it, the men in Pensco formed a posse to ride after him.  My brother, Benny, and I were alone on our ranch the following morning when Dad pounded into the yard, badly wounded, with Matt Garson and another hombre close be- hind him. As he collapsed at my feet before the kitchen stove, I saw why he had tried to outrun them, instead of shooting it out. His right hand was blown to bits!  Snatching Dad's gun from its holster, Benny challenged Matt Garson and his pal as they rode into the yard. They laughed loudly in reply, and it was plain to see that they were coming in after Dad. Benny raised the gun and pulled the trigger! A look of amazed fury spread over the face of Garson's pal, and he tumbled backward just as Garson sent a bullet into Benny's body. As he fell, he whispered, "Don't let him get Dad, Sis." Then he lay still.  Matt Garson stood looking down at Dad as he lay unconscious on the floor. Slowly he raised his gun. In the distance I heard the sound of many horses. The posse was coming, but it would be too late to save Dad. It was left for me to stop him. I seized a pan of hot grease that was sizzling on the stove and dashed it into Matt Garson's face! He gave one agonized scream, and I fainted!  Both Dad and Benny recovered, although both were badly wounded. Matt Garson   136