68 AUSTIN CORCORAN    her hat. "We're not even acquainted," she said hastily.  "Didn't need to be," he assured her. "The minute I saw you in the post of- fice that morning, I let go all holds. But those things I told you were all true," he went on, "as far as they went. There's no use, Martha, I can't talk to you even a minute and try to hide what I think about you. And I'll fight to the last second, to keep you from marry- ing Van Carter--or anybody else!"  The flush was subsiding, but she evaded his eyes. "Thanks for the hon- est reply," she said, attempting light- ness. "And you are excused from fur- ther explanations."  They were entering town, and to Bill's dismay, before he could say any- thing further, they had turned into the main street and met Van face to face. With a scowling glance at Bill, he wheeled in beside Martha.  "Lucky break," he said. "We'll put up the horses and go over--"  "Sorry, but I've got to go right on and meet Dad," she said coolly. "See you some other time."  "But Martha--" Van began.  "Look!" she exclaimed. "Someone's waving at you."  Bill glanced at the sidewalk where an unusual number of people were grouped, evidently attracted to town by the sale. Edna Watson, wearing an attractive riding outfit, was standing at the side of the man from whom Bill had rented the horse at the Hanover barn. The man had followed her eager glance and was scowling openly at Van Carter.  "J. D. Watson, Edna's father," Bill thought, relishing Van's chagrin but sorry for the girl whose eyes held such trust in him. Then Martha was urging her horse ahead and he heard her softly utter, " 'By, Bill." The next minute a team and wagon came between them and Van had dropped back.  Ordway greeted Bill with unusual eagerness.  "Heard from Wellman," he said, pro- ducing a letter from his desk.     Bill read the main paragraph aloud:  " ‘I do recall the game, because after the first round I lost steadily to the cat- tleman. Especially remember because I rode from town with him next morning to a tall red pinnacle rock where he turned off, to pay a mortgage in full, he told me. What he had won made it pos- sible. for he had only meant to take up half. Always considered that a happy loss.'  "Guess that about settles it." Bill said with deep gravity. "Only one red rock like that along any of the roads and it's where the trail heads off for Carter's outfit."  "A long way from bringing home anything to him. I'm afraid," Ordway declared dubiously.  "No," Bill said, with quick decision. "The sale is about to start. There's a gang gathered there. I'm going to come right out in the open."  "Wait!" Ordway shouted vainly as Bill dashed from the room and down the stairway into the street. The law- yer followed as fast as he could, but by the time he had reached the open lot near the hotel, Bill was on the auction- eer's block and had the attention of the crowd.  "Many of you were my father's friends." he said in a clear, carrying voice, "some were our neighbors. I know you will be glad, with me, that I can now prove that he did not gam- ble away the money which would keep us from dispossession." The letter was read aloud, accompanied by an explana- tion of its source.  "What about them fellows saying Jase Avery lost his wad?" a voice de- manded from the crowd.  "They were mistaken--or they had reason to make false statements." Bill replied, every syllable audible to the farthest pair of ears. "All of you know that Spike Dober's bartender left this country ahead of a sheriff's posse. A few dollars could have bought his testi- mony. And Sam Ordway holds records that prove Tod Bixby served time in the pen for forging a check--with the name of Lem Carter's brother-in-law.