6 ROBERT DALE DENVER    replaced by one of stubborn determin- ation. "That sounds like an order, Threllen," Carvel stated. "And I don't work for you or the Cross Seven. Fur- thermore, all this Night River country except the little used for ranch head- quarters is government land--never has been homesteaded. It's still public do- main, and as a citizen I've got the right to travel over it on my business. I've got a bill of sale from the Garys in Dawn Canyon for those horses, with proper descriptions and brands, and those brands weren't Cross Seven and they had not been blotted. After I find my stray horses, you can look them over to see if you've got any claim or title to them."  Threllen's big face turned redder, his almost colorless eyes began to glow. "A bunch of thieves, all the Garys!" he stormed. "The whole tribe of 'em and their neighbors--thieves and worse. Killers. Murderers. I'm giving you one last chance: Git outa here or else."  "Or else what?" inquired Carvel un- perturbed, but his calm had just the opposite of a quieting effect on Threl- len. The rider's big hand fell to the six-shooter in his holster, but as the ugly snout of the gun came up, Jean Carvel spurred past the wagon to push the blood-bay in between her father and Threllen. At this Threllen's horse shied, starting his rider to swearing and spurring. Then as the rowelling made the horse sheep jump, Threllen holstered his six-shooter to use both hands to jerk the animal's mouth sav- agely.  Sitting her blood bay meanwhile, Jean Carvel, her dark eyes luminous, angrily surveyed the group of them. All of them, in unconscious compli- ment to the girl's looks, straightened a little in their saddles. One horse- faced man, black bearded as a Biblical character, with greasy black hair curl- ing from under a torn sombrero, grinned in a loose-lipped way and slyly began edging his horse closer to the girl's. She was talking to her father.  "Dad, do what they say!" she urged.     "You have no chance against six armed men. Turn the team around; let's go back."  Dan Carvel shook his head. "No, Jean, I'm going on." The girl's gray- mustached father was one of those quiet men whose anger can equal in intensity the loud-mouthed rage represented by Threllen's blustering sort. "I know I've got no chance against them," he ad- mitted. "All I've got is a shotgun in the wagon, loaded with birdshot. But a man has a right to travel over govern- ment land on his own business, and I'm not turning back. They won't touch you, Jean. If they harm me, you ride back and notify the sheriff."  He spoke to the team and the wagon rolled on through the riders. For a few yards it was allowed to proceed, then the Cross Seven manager, Threl- len, barked an order. Two men at once spurred after the grays to lean down and seize their bits. Again the outfit halted. Threllen, still yanking vicious- ly on the bloodied mouth of his horse, came up on the off side of the wagon, opposite Jean Carvel.  "Shooting has been what we handed people passing through here after we warned 'em to keep out," he snarled at Carvel. "But we'd hate to shoot down a father in front of his own girl, so we'll make it a quirtin' for you--as a special favor. Grab him, some of you, and truss him up against that pine. Maybe losing a little hide will teach him we mean what we say. Yank him down."  For a few moments, under the blood- red cliff walls, there was a struggle-- a desperate but hopeless one. Pushing past Jean Carvel, two men had dis- mounted to climb over a wheel, plan- ning to drag her father from his seat. Behind them, the girl took down her lariat, intending to drop a loop over the pair.  "Stop that she-cat, Hake!" yelled Threllen, and the man with the curly black beard came in to snatch away the rope. Then dropping the lariat, he caught the girl's wrists in his hands.