Our Air "Our Air mail" has for years been running be- tween readers of Ranch Romances and has enabled many people to make worth-while friends. You may write DIRECTLY to anyone whose letter is printed in this department. Remember that all letters should reflect the clean, wholesome spirit of Ranch Romances and contain nothing objection- able. The address given are complete. If no coun- try is mentioned, it is the U. S. A. This department is intended only for those who actually wish correspondents. We ask you there-fore to refrain from using it as a meduim for playing jokes and particularly request you do not sign your letters with other people''s names. Address letter for publication to "Our Air Mail," Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ave., New York.   A "What-not" Collector!  Dear Editor: I am a lonely farm girl, looking for a pen pal. I read RANCH ROMANCES as much as I can and think they're very good. I aw a girl of 11, and have blond hair and blue eyes. My hobbies are collect- ivy "what-nots," seeing movies and riding a bike. Would like to hear from boys and girls all over the world. MARY LOU WEST  R. 1, Hermleigh, Texas  Lonely Widow  Dear Editor: I am a steady reader of RANCH ROMANCES and would love to have pen pals. I am a widow of 49 years old, have no children and am very lonesome. I've brown hair and blue eyes. Hope you can help me find some new friends. ETHEL REISER  [5]128 W. Jackson St., Indianapolis, Ind.  Here's a Home Body!  Dear Editor: I live in a city where I don't skate or dance so the nights are pretty lonely. I have brown hair and blue eyes and am 38 years old. I enjoy housework, cooking and knitting. Come on, fellows about 40, and I'll answer all your letters. KAY FILKINER  64 Ainslic St., N., Galt, Ontario, Canada    Shorty! Dear Editor: I am interested in exchanging letters with anyone and everyone. I am a girl of 17 with brown hair and eyes. My height in anything but short. I am about five feel eleven or six feet! I like all kinds of sports. My nickname, is Shorty. Hoping for lots of letters to make me a lot happier. MARJORIE PEARNE   R.F.D. 1, Box 126, Biggs, Calif.  Three High School Seniors  Dear Editor: We are three girls who would like to have pen pals. All of us are seniors in high school. Alice is 17, has brown eyes and brown hair, Bevy is 17, has blond hair and blue eyes. Mildred 17, has green eyes and auburn hair. We are especially interested in dancing, horseback riding and all kinds of sports, and of course, we like to write letters and promise to answer every letter we receive. ALICE LEE TERRY BEVY JO JACKSON MILDRED J. HULL  Farber, Mo.  Lonely Housewife  Dear Editor: I'm a very lonely housewife who'd like to join your letter-writing friends. My husband works nights, therefore my evenings seem endless. So please help me to get oodles of pen pals. I am 24, have black wary hair and brown eyes. Enjoy swimming, dancing and singing. My hobby is cowboy songs of which I've a great many to exchange with pen pals, so won't someone drop me a line? Mrs. STELLA PARKER  2246 Angles Ave., San Gabriel, Calif.  Canadian Miss  Dear Editor: I've, been a constant reader of RANCH ROMANCES for some time and enjoy it very much. I would like to correspond with, some of your readers and ex- change snapshots with them. I've several hobbies such as collecting postcards, stamps and match covers, all outdoor sports and dancing. I'm 19, have gray eyes and dark brown hair. I'll answer all letters promptly, so let's see you keep me busy. PATRICIA ROWLAND   R.R. 3, Belleville, Ontario Canada