CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 43   Fearing that they would run into an- other trap, the group below was slow to follow, waiting for long minutes before advancing warily as if they were crossing a mined battlefield.  On the rim, to Roane's and Andy's astonishment, Jean Carvel met them.  "That place where Dad and I couldn't get our wagon across," she told them rather incoherently, "we got the buck- board over it. Carried Tom Gary across, and then dragged the buckboard with the help of our saddle horses. They're traveling on. Don't stay too long to fight them here. Two of you can't hope to hold them."  "We done a good job of it so far," bragged Andy Partle. "You ride on, young'un; bullets don't know if it's a girl or man they're hittin'. Git!" he ordered sternly. "And keep poundin' along the trail. 'Fore long you ort to be runnin' into them Garys headed over this way to fetch Tom."  The girl obeyed reluctantly, riding on, while Andy and Roane followed at a more leisurely pace, with ears cocked alertly for sounds along the back trail. They had traveled a mile or more be- fore they heard the faint click of hoofs behind them again. Andy Partle, lead- ing the way, set a faster pace. On the open mesa there was no chance of hold- ing back even a dozen men, but where the road dipped into one of the big canyons running into the Night, they could make another stand. The buck- board, they judged, would need a lot of time to climb up out of that canyon and go across the mesa above Dawn Canyon.  As he rode, Roane was thinking of the trail ahead. It would be a race to reach Clayton Gary's ranch, but getting there meant no safety. Coulter and Threllen had enough men to force a way through the fence blocking the gorge or, failing that, to make a wide circle to drop in on the ranch, wiping out the defenders of the Gary ranch house. They could ride on to the other ranches in Dawn and Star Canyons, staging a massacre at each place. That     outfit of killers had to be stopped. The problem was how.  Considering possible ways, Roane thought of Gary Gorge, that narrow deep trench closed in by sheer rock cliffs which a chipmunk could not climb. He had thought on his ride through the gorge that it would make a wonderful natural trap for wild horses. In a way this chase was like many of the chases he had made to capture bands of mustangs. Only in this chase, he was running with the hunted, chased by a wolf pack that would tear them to pieces.  As the mesa began to dip toward the canyon, they heard a sudden clatter of hoofs from horsemen ahead of them. Andy Partle checked his mount.  "They sure ain't circled and got ahead of us," he growled.  "No, you knothead," returned Roane and spurred his horse. "It's the Garys, coming over for Tom."  Four riders emerged from the trees and swept toward them, only to turn to ride along with the pair. They could not afford to stop; the hammer of hoofs was growing louder behind them. Of the four riders two were Jean Carvel and Clayton Gary. Dr. Will Gary had been in the rescue party and had taken Clayton's place in the buckboard with his nephew. The other two riders were Tom's brothers, Ed and Lee.  They now had five men to hold back pursuit, but even five were too few to hold back the little army long.  "We can make it to the ranch all right," shouted Clayton to Roane, rid- ing alongside. "What happens after is what worries me. There's only eight families of us living in Dawn and Star. A fifteen-year-old Neil boy came along with us to help fetch Tom. When we met your rig, we sent him hightailing it ahead to get all the folks in the can- yons to come to my ranch to meet this gun outfit. All we can do is to hole up and fight 'em off, until outside help comes. Which will take a day or so, if any help comes at all."  "Maybe we can do better than hold