WYOMING SE[Ñ]ORITA 125    thing to find her!" he gulped, then forced himself to go on with his story. "They went farther than they meant to with Bronc, I reckon. He was in too bad shape to go with them, so they left him there. By golly!" Jerry's eyes started wide open with sudden blazing excitement. "I remember now, Bronc did say he overheard Art and Joe talk- ing after they thought he'd passed out. He said they had a special fancy job on hand. He started to tell me some- thing about it, then gave me a funny look and shut up. I'll bet you he heard them talking about Dolores!"  Roy was hauling Jerry to his feet be- fore he had stopped speaking.  "Come on! Get going and take us to that hide-out!"  Roy shouted to Maria, who came hob- bling out the door, gazing from one to the other of the newcomers with terri- fied eyes.  "Bien, bien!" Roy soothed, in answer to her shrill cry of "Mía señorita?"  "Bien," he repeated, forcing a smile. "Got coffee? Cafe?" He pointed to Jerry, "And pan! Pronto!"  "Get some bread and coffee in Jerry, Bill." Roy added, as Maria made for the kitchen, "while Tom and I bring up some fresh cayuses. At last we've got something to go on!"  There was little time for talking in the next few hours, while the three men pushed their horses to the limit in their race against time. Jerry stood up under the strain better than Roy had expected.  "You don't think the kid is leading us on a wild-goose chase?" the sheriff had asked once, motioning Roy to fall back for a minute.  "The thought of Dolores' danger will make him play straight," Roy an- swered positively. "He fell for her the way the rest of us have." His voice was harsh and strained. "Nothing but her disappearance would have made him come clean about Art. I'm sure of that."  "Reckon you're right," the sheriff nodded. Once more Roy and he     streaked up beside Jerry, urging him to greater speed.  "Suppose Art has come back?" Jerry asked once.  "That'll suit me fine," the sheriff an- swered grimly. "I've got a sixgun for the beginning of that interview and handcuffs for the end of it. How much further, Jerry?"  "Another half-hour or so," Jerry pointed to a distant spur. "We round that and come into the canyon from this end. It runs straight through and comes out the east side, so you can reach it from Hurricane Gap, too. Hav- ing two exits makes it mighty con- venient."  When at last they reached the land- slide of shale, they left their horses and started the climb. Fifteen minutes later they were up and heading for the cleverly hidden entrance of the cave.  "You go alone, Jerry, in case any- one else is there," the sheriff whis- pered. "Roy and I will wait here where we can listen in to what Bronc says to you."  "Look!" Jerry paused miserably. "Am I puttin' a noose around Bronc's neck?"  Tom Crawford shook his head. "He'll have to pay for his folly, just as you will. Both of you being such kids, though, I'll see it goes as easy as pos- sible with you. Coming clean with what you know will count in your favor a whole lot."  Jerry nodded, straightened his shoul- ders, and pulled back the pile of brush.  A groan greeted his "Hi, Bronc!" then a surprised oath.  "You back so soon? What's up? Did you run into Art or Joe?"  "Art?" Jerry echoed. "I thought you said he was heading for Montana?"  "That's what he thought. But he got double crossed somewhere along the line. The dame didn't show up."  The sheriff grabbed on to Roy just in time to keep him from dashing into the cave at this unforeseen announce- ment.  "What dame?" Jerry asked.