Others , made OTHERS The Spectric School POEMS BY Anne Knish Elijah Hay Emanuel Morgan JANUARY, 1917 Vol. 3, No. 5 Published by, OTHERS FRANK SHAY, Agent, 17 West 8th Street, New York City E. R. BROWN, Boston Agent, Cornhill Price 15 Cents 12 Issues, $1.50 ## THE SPECTRIC INTENTION . . . "The theme of a poem is a spectrum through which all the light there is separates into rays, then recombines or focuses into a certain concentrated point of something or other in the reader's brain . . . The complementary vision in the eyelid, 'after the exposure of the eye to intense light,' is called spectric, 'the after-colors of the poet's initial vision'; and still further use is made of the term in the sense of spectral, 'the spectres which for the poet haunt all objects.' In other words, the apparently unrelated impressions reflecting through a theme or idea may be artfully enough selected or directly enough recorded, without the conventional mental or verbal bridges, to reproduce, in the reader's mind, their effect in the mind of the poet." . . . The New Republic Copyright, 1917 By Alfred Kreymborg ## ANNE KNISH 3 OPUS 344 The rain-patterns were weaving When I awoke to the muffled shriek of dawn— Weaving in the grayness Of a thunder-smouldering Under-world that was more shadowy Than the sibilant sleep-world behind me. The emergence of the spars and planks Of a wrecked ship From beneath the receding tide Was a more heartening annunciation Than this slow thrusting forth into being Of the chairs and tables, books and pictures, That last night sank into the deep dark. Leaning my forehead against the cold and pungent pane, I let my spirit life its coda,— Out from the wrecks and vestiges of yesterday's misfortune To lose itself in the studied patterns, Fathomless and untraceable, Of rain. ## 4 ANNE KNISH OPUS 380 I had the moon for a reason. Was it not enough? You were unreasonable— You wanted love. But oh the moon was my reason!— Sigh like a dove And you shall never do better. . . . I had the moon. OPUS 371 The tawny plexus, the animate focus, of infinite luminous rays, Moving across the street In the golden nimbus of light— Reflecting, refracting, identifying The flooding waves of ether: It is an irony of the curled smiling Gods That light, leaving the sun, Should travel a hundred million miles In adventure of desolate space, lonely and perilous, To splinter and disintegrate at last Against a street-cur. ## ANNE KNISH 5 OPUS 360 The great lecturer, (So described in his prospectuses,) Paused over his tea, and then said to me— "I don't even remember her name; But she was pretty. There were four hundred,—all girls,— And there stood I In pants Looking down at this soft sea. Lapping waves, lapping waves! But this particular girl Lifted a splintered edge of basalt Above the undulations. I could feel her grate against my keel, Quite as pointed as she was pretty. And her sharp resistance To my white-sailed progress around the bay Sticks in my mind like a scar streaking my copper hull. I don't even remember her name; But she was pointed, surely, And pretty." OPUS 389 One by one the lights Tinkle out along the crowd-spattered street, And with their sparks sting the night mad. ## 6 ANNE KNISH And I long for that elder night Which once, lonely, dim, and secret, Came towering to watchers on Assyrian hilltops. Night that was darkness, night that held stars! Night that was vastness and terrible song! Now, like a desecration of paid dancers Pirouetting in spangles through halls of the burial of kings, The tinkle of lights hacks at the silence, Clicking the key in the lock of the world. OPUS 344 My lust of roundness will betray me To the arms of God, some day. And I shall feel that I have cheated the Devil If at the end of life I have concealed from him how well I could be tempted By triangles. As for the rest, my whole life seems a long Effort to circumvent and overleap And crawl beneath all manner of polygons, Squares, rhomboids, parallelograms. At night I dream that cubes are crushing me; And a free octagon, if I should meet it, Would strike me dead. ## ELIJAH HAY 7 TO A. Madam, you intrigue me! I have come this far Cautiously sneezing Along the dusty high-road of convention, But now it leads no farther toward you. Today I have reached the cross-roads— A weather-beaten sign-board Blazons indecipherable wisdom Of which the arrow-heads, even, Have been effaced. What is the farther way? Eastward, it leads through cultivated fields Of intellectual fodder, Where well-fed cattle, herding together, Browse content: Are you of these? Westward is a lane, hedge-bordered, Shady, and of gentle indirection, In May, a bower of sentimental bloom, But this November weather Betrays its destiny, the poultry-yard Where geese foregather. ## 8 ELIJAH HAY And there ahead the ancient swampy way Modernized by a feeble plank or two: But the morass of passion lures me not! I see a vision of two plunging feet, Discreetly shod, yet struggling in vain— Slime Creeps ankle-high, knee-high, thigh-high, Till all is swallowed save a brave silk hat Floating alone, a symbol of the creed I perished shedding. Yet somewhere you Intelligent of my distress Smile undisturbed— I have no peddler's license to submit, No wares to cry, nor any gift to bring— I do not know Anything new— In truth then, what have I to do with you? Yet, madam, you intrigue me! ## ELIJAH HAY 9 NIGHTMARE AFTER TALKING WITH WOMANLY WOMEN On the four posts of my bed At the foot and at the head, Phantom birds, in silence deep, Grimly watch my troubled sleep. Parrot sits on one head post Like a controversial ghost Giving insult and offence Challenging to eloquence. Pigeon, on the other side, Preens the coo she is denied, Sticky coils of saccharine Snare my rage that might have been. Stork, the time-worn humorist, Threatens jokes that have not missed Poignant antiseptic bite Since Eve's first-born saw the light. Last, the Carrion Crow: she keeps Patient watch while her meal sleeps, Gloomy, hungry Carrion Crow! Dawn appears at last—they go Flap, flap, flap, on heavy wing Through the twilight vanishing. ## 10 ELIJAH HAY NIGHT I opened the door And night stared at me like a fool, Heavy dull night, clouded and safe— I turned again toward the uncertainties Of life within doors. Once night was a lion, No, years ago night was a python Weaving designs against space With undulations of his being— Night was a siren once. Oh sodden middle-aged night, I hate you! SPECTRUM OF MRS. X. You— Too well-fed for rebellion, Too lazy for self-respect, too timid for murder, Disgracefully stole the trade-mark of the fairy-tale "And they lived together happily Ever after." ##  ELIJAH HAY 11 OF MRS. Y. Madam, you are ever retreating But you are never Gone— Someday I shall pursue you Hoping to see you Vanish! OF MRS. Z. I might have loved your black Wings of hair, Your peasant-Madonna features, Your twisted smile,— But having married a little brewer You unforgiveably Turned Anti-Suffragist! OF MRS. and SO FORTH Old ladies, bless their hearts, Are contented as house-flies Dozing against the wall— But you, Imprisoned in the forties, Delirious, frenzied, helpless, Are a fly drowning in a cocktail! ## 12 ELIJAH HAY LOLITA A Respectable Woman How curious to find in you, Lolita, The Geisha Who sits and strums in the immortal Attitude of submission. There is a ledger in place of her soul! Your shoulders sang for admiration; Your hair wept for kisses; Your voice curved softly, a caress— You came among us as a suppliant: What had we you desired? Bringing to market stolen goods, Holding to view used charms, Behold a hawker's spirit! Eagles perch proudly in isolation, They swoop to seize A living prey— Crows hover to feed, Waiting with patience till the soul Is fled Leaving a helpless body—carrion— (Vile thoughts obsess me!) What did you want, Lolita? ## EMANUEL MORGAN 13 OPUS 88 The drunken heart Weaves among glassfuls of yellow and sings as they empty, Finding epics on the breast-bone of a chicken And lyrics under the lettuce. It mounts a breaker of coffee, with the end of a cigarette shining. And in the dance it runs along dexterously between your feet, Like a French heel. The drunken heart Is a rear right tire for your run-about. It punctures to make you take notice, and then it curls up, Flabbily indifferent in the darkness. The drunken heart Sings a song of sixpence. You are the emptying bottle of rye, beloved, You are also the next bottle. The drunken heart Rolls hoops with anybody; It would like to roll hoops over judges and toward altars. ## 14 EMANUEL MORGAN It rolls a hoop into your surf, beloved— But the hoop lies flat And flaps about on your restless refusal. The drunken heart Plays with lilies at a funeral, Like a grim photographer Poses their syncopated heads. It puts on black as mercilessly as the mourners, And it acts motionless as cleverly as the corpse. And then it slips out, Just before the lid is closed. The drunken heart Is as full of hops as a green grass-hopper . . . There is a field of white clover leading to red clover, And you, beloved, Are a daisy. The heart is as full of hops As a red squirrel . . . There is a stone-wall, leading to a motherly tree Which clicks with the flickering caress And parts for the leap. And you, beloved, Are a nut. ## EMANUEL MORGAN 15 OPUS 115 I had drunk too much And I heard music— My windows were all open And the scent of June blew through. My door Was your hand, leading me to green leaves. OPUS 106 This, in impatience, Is a spectrum of Howard Fribley. Have you ever seen a fly pounce like a lion? I have. And I have seen the little legs of Professor Fribley's mind Slily approach what seemed an idea And pounce on it through his spectacles. And I have heard the cords in his neck Lower him into the grave, Creaking. ## 16 EMANUEL MORGAN OPUS 81 Lady, you sit and wonder why—but I cannot help you. Life poured its plenty into your lap: There were cocoanuts and fine-tooth combs And strings of strange touch, faceted with fire. And there were kittens of love and one jaguar. But there is nothing now, Not even your folded hands For they are toward heaven. Poor, poor lady, With your satin lap! OPUS 97 Someone was there . . . So I put out my hand in the dark And felt The long lean fingers Of the wind. Have mercy!— What? ## EMANUEL MORGAN 17 OPUS 103 I am the soul, looking down. Shod in little breezes, My feet drift across the moonlight— Are they leaves or snow? How plumed they were with direction In those other days And swift with mirth!— But now they drift And are still. I am the soul, looking down. ## 18 MORGAN, HAY, KNISH PRISM ON THE PRESENT STATE OF POETRY M.— Though the ashes are gone and there is no bed left, We birchen virgins If we but touch each other and guard the draught Become a deep-bosomed fire. H.— The last log tossed here lightly By an absent-minded housemaid,—or was it God?— Mournfully eager to burn, hisses joy. K.— Out of a cradling has there come a sunset? Oh for the fellowship when once in Alexandria The world of learning burned! M.— Laughter, dear friends, will do for kindling; And we shall wear ridiculous beads of flame To tinkle toward the corners of the world, Slapping with light the faces of old fools. H.— Hot laughter Practices arpeggios up my sides, Bores persuasive fingers into my growling heart. ## MORGAN, HAY, KNISH 19 K.— Get you to a nunnery! The world of letters is too civilized for you. M.— There is no fig-leaf for the mind, Nothing to hide behind. But facing its own nudity it laughs at shame. Can we not do the same? K.— Enter, my beloveds! All our emprises Are toward a far Jerusalem,—and returning Through the round of the world, Find in the heart and loins of ancient home The Sepulchre. M.— Without a pang Art hangs beside us on this leaf, An unrepentant thief. H.— And yonder, you fortunate andirons, Heated by the consuming of another's being,— Souls burning Salute you. A VOICE— There shall be ashes. ## PAMPHLETS IN PREPARATION: LOVE SONGS OF JOANNAS, by Mina Loy MISCELLANEOUS GROUP THE ITALIAN FUTURISTS, Translated by Mina Loy" AN IRISH NUMBER, Edited by Padraic Colum POEMS by H. D. POEMS by Marianne Moore POEMS by Wallace Stevens, Carl Sandburg and Orrick Johns THREE PLAYS by Maxwell Bodenheim POEMS by Mary Carolyn Davies, Helen Hoyt and Jeanne d'Orge.##