The Crisis The CRISIS SEPTEMBER, 1921 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY ON TO WASHINGTON, D. C. The Superintendent of Insurance of the District of Columbia, after a satisfactory investigation of our contracts and business, has granted the Society license to do an Industrial Sick Benefit Insurance Business in the District of Columbia. We therefore announce the opening of our Washington (D. C.) District Office on Monday, June 6, 1921. The Washington District Office will occupy the Specially Designed Office Suite No. 300, 3rd floor front, in the Society's own Modern Four Story and Basement Building, N. W. Corner of 7th and T Sts., Washington, D. C. We invite our members, friends and the general public to call on us when visiting the Capitol City of the Nation. The Acorn of 1893 is now the Spreading Oak of Protection of 1921. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street RICHMOND, VA. OFFICERS AND BOARD Jas. T. Carter, President and General \V. E. Baker, Treasurer. Counsel. B. L. Jordan, Secretary. Edw. Stewart, Vice-President. W. A . Jordan, Assistant Secretary. B. A . Cephas, Vice-President. C. N . Jackson. A. Washington. Vice-President. W . E . Randolph. A. D. Price, Jr. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 22—No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1921 Whole No. 131 PICTURES Pa«e COVER. Photograph of Edward Orval Gourdin. SOUTHERN AID BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D. C 207 ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, UNIVERSITY OF CINCINNATI. .. 209 MEN OF THE MONTH 217 DR. GEORGIAN A SIMPSON 223 GOLD STAR MOTHERS OF THE 15TH NEW YORK INFANTRY 229 ARTICLES TWO Americans. A Story. Florence Lewis Bentley. Illustrated by Hilda Rue Wilkinson 202 THE POOL. A Poem. Amedee Brun. Translated from the French by Jessie Fauset 205 A VIRGINIA INSURANCE SOCIETY 206 FRESHMAN PAPERS IN A NEGRO COLLEGE. Charles Eaton Burch 208 EMIGRATION TO LIBERIA. Captain H. O. Atwood 210 OLD FRIENDS. A Poem. Charles Bertram Johnson 223 DEPARTMENTS 197 OPINION NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED 212 PEOPLE 216 MEN OF THE MONTH 218 THE LOOKING GLASS 224 THE HORIZON THE OCTOBER CRISIS The October CRISI S will publish an article on Thomas Jesse Jones. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New-York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 194 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it it young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Academy The School of Arts and Sciences The Department of Music The Teacher Training Department The Divinity School The Commercial Department The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high Institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academlc training for all students. Courses In carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic science and domestlc art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 15. 1921. For Information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal SHAW UNIVERSITY MISSIONARY TRAINING SCHOOL Offers thorough courses to prepare young women to become Missionaries, Home and Foreign, Workers in Social Centres, Sunday School Leaders and Pastors' Assistants. One year course for College and Normal Graduates. Three year course for High School Graduates. Apply to DEAN EDNA B. PEACOCK, Shaw University, RALEIGH, N. C. LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, Chester County, Penna. Cheyney Training School For Teachers Cheyney, Pa. Made In 1820 an accredited State Normal School, offering, in addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammar grade. Send application now for fall term opening September 20th, 1921. For further particulars and catalog, write LESLIE PICKNEY HILL, Principal, Cheyney, Pa. THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR 1921 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 195 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough, Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments. College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxvllle, Tenn. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Tear High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 53rd year of nine months opens September 21. 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS. KING. President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State having for its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens In Kentucky. Special training in Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music* Domestic Science, Missionary training class. Evening classes. correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C. H. Parrish MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A, athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School. Arts and Sciences. Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. McCrerey, Charlotte. N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris-tion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J, S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M . W. DOGAN, President "JUST THE PLACE Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, So cial Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration. Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Man hood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNF, Roger Williams University, NASHVILLE, TENN. FOUNDED 1866 LOCATION IDEAL ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY is the largest institution in the Southland built, owned and operated by Negroes. It offers courses in the Liberal Arts College, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. Athletics is one of its strong features. Perhaps no scene in and around Nashville is more beautiful than that of Roger Williams University. It stands upon the lofty banks of the Cumberland River in sight of the gov ernment's lock and dam. The roaring waters as they fall over the dam in their onward march to the sea lend enchantment to the scene. FALL TERM BEGINS SEPT. 19, 1921 For Catalog and Information Write SAMUEL A. OWEN, President JOSEPH K. BRICK AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIAL and NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, N. C. This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. Teachers and officers, 25; enrollment, 350; boarders, 220. Cottage and buildings, 34. School farm, 1,129^ acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 34 weeks. Environment fine. School receives four mails a day. Our postoffice handles money orders, registered matter and parcel post mail. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY (RICHMOND, VA.) offers young men an excellent opportunity to secure a good College or Theological education at moderate cost. Special Pre-Medical courses are offered for those who plan to enter a medical college. Information cheerfully furnished. Write to the President. --Principal COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman', Horn* Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from lix different states. Graduate, exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. ST. PAUL'S HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS Hig h Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia,Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurse* Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 22. No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1921 Whole No. 131 Opinion OF BOARDS of W. E. B. Du Bois A GRACEFUL interlude at Detroit was the quite unex pected presentation of a lov ing cup to Miss Ovington, Chairman of the Board, and of a travelling bag to the Secretary, Mr . Johnson, as a token of appreciation by the Branches of their work for the Association. The writer has spent all his life working for boards—boards of trustees, boards of directors and committees—during which time he himself has usually been a member of some board, some committee or some faculty. He appreciates vividly, therefore, the advantages and disadvantages and the difficulties of this mode of human government, for such it is. In the future, in increasing degree, industry, social control and political government are going to be carried on by this method of democracy, and perhaps we ought to be more seriously preparing for it and adjusting our canons of praise and blame; especially when it is as conspicuously successful as in the case of the N. A. A. C. P. and its two chief executive of ficers, Miss Ovington and Mr. Johnson. We should examine the reasons for success and the pitfalls of failure. Board members rather easily and obviously differentiate themselves into the quite careless and the over-zealous classes. The one regards his membership on the board as an indiscretion or a joke; the other mistakes himself for the executive officer whom the board is supposed to control. If the board inclines to the first type and the executive officer is strong and resourceful, your organization becomes a kind of successful monarchy with the board as a sort of honorary Privy Council. In the other case the executive officer becomes a chief clerk and the- board a real executive, working usually through committees. However successful this method may be for a time, it suffers from lack of continuity in policy, lack of foresight, and it usually ends in the rather curt dismissal of the unoffending executive officer. Between these extremes stretch the usual boards of directors, and the success of the organization depends upon the relationship that comes to be established between the board and its executives. Most often the board fails in efficiency because through absences different boards really meet in the different months and, with curious insouciance, one meeting will inaugurate a policy which the other meeting will entirely overturn. Or again, boards naturally dislike responsibility and indeed can only with difficulty carry responsibility, especially for the raising of funds and the laying down of principles and future lines of work. They are apt to fail in prescience, in the far look ahead and especially in their reception of new and unusual ideas. They naturally seek quickly a fixed program of work and a routine. Opposed to these tendencies, in a sense, stand the executives, and, because they are thus opposed, their position and tenure of office are apt to be in jeopardy. They see through a thousand eyes new calls, new changes, new ideas, exceedingly difficult to ex 197 THE 19S plain in the routine of an hour's meetnig. They find responsibilities thrust upon them which they dare not evade and yet have insufficient power to bear; however, out of all this, if the organization is successful, there comes the kind of balance which is the ideal of real democracy; an executive trusted, free within wide bounds, unhampered and yet in the end controlled by sympathetic men of less technical but more general knowledge than the executives, who are kept in constant touch with his problems and form real counselors, willing at his word to assume even great personal responsibility. For some such accomplishment as this the loving cup was given "To Mary White Ovington, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, from the Branches in token of their love for her and in appreciation of her loyal and courageous service to the cause of Social Justice and Democracy." Miss Ovington's task has been doubly difficult because she is white, a woman, and an unsalaried worker. It is becoming difficult for colored and white people to work together in the modern world because they are beginning to meet upon a different plane. The old plane of Giver and Beggar, while still with us, is passing in its dominance and significance. The new plane of equal social co-worker is hard to establish, because, on the one hand, it is difficult for any white person born in America to think of the Negro as his equal, and on the other hand, it is difficult for a Negro to approach a white person without suspicion and bad manners. Add to this the fact that men do not easily work with women as equals, that the usual volunteer worker is anathema in a real executive office, and Miss Ovington's accomplishment in the last few years has been extra ordinary. CRISIS Mr. Johnson's work calls for no less praise. Trained as a poet and literary man, but turned in his manhood to important diplomatic work for his country, he found himself in the midst of life suddenly checked in his career because of the race prejudice of the politically dominant South. With the somewhat uneasy acquiescence of his friends and the criticism of others, he then took up an executive work involving tedious details, constant attendance and hard labor. He did this too in succession to one of the best trained social workers in the United States, and at a time of collapse and reconstruction throughout the world. To have pulled the N. A. A. C. P. through this morass into a higher and stronger position was an accomplishment deserving the highest praise. In addition to this, Mr . Johnson has kept up his literary work and accomplished a piece of diplomacy in Haiti which stands as one of the greatest single achievements done in colore d America. Loving cups and travelling bags are very little things, but they mean a lot to the servants of boards of directors. ABOUT PUGILISTS BEFORE 1914 our minds were made up and pugilism was generally discredited as a dis reputable, if not immoral, occupation. We were especially strengthened in this attitude because Mr. Jack Johnson became champion heavyweight in those days. A s pugilists went, he was voted a good one, good-natured and fair in his tactics, and could only be criticised for his color and his wretched taste in the matter of women. Then came the War and as a result pugilism became The Manly Art. Society and Government encouraged it and witnessed the bout of Mr. Dempsey and M. Carpentier; and then, lo! and unfortunately, Mr . Johnson appears upon the OPINION 199 scene and our moral indignation begins again; but it is directed now not against pugilism but against Mr . Johnson, the reason being that Mr . Johnson has just come out of jail. That he was sent to Leavenworth on a technical charge which would put hundreds of thousands of Americans in the same place if the law were rigidly enforced, matters little. He must be kept from contaminating pugilism, which has grown reputable since he was incarcerated. Al l this is rather funny now, but before America becomes a leader of civilization it must cease to be funny and our Moral Indignations must be made to square with the facts. Is it Pugilism or Color which calls for a throb of Christian Endeavor? An d where is the correspondingly greater throb for lynching and mob violence? And if ministers and Sunday Schools are silent at the burning of human beings alive, how shocked and indignant can they get at the public blows of Mr. Dempsey? And if Mr. Dempsey is a gentleman who deserves the concentrated attention of the civilized world, how much less so is Mr . Johnson, and why? DECEPTION ON page 82 of the June CRISIS we published two letters; Mopel of the Harvard School of Business Administration" and "Professor F. N. Robinson of Radcliffe College" as witnesses to the student's statements; finally, a letter from the Dean of the School of Business Administration declaring, "We have no man in the school this year by the name of Mopel. I do not find that any such man ever attended the school", and a letter from Mr. Robinson denying that he had ever given the student any hope of obtaining an A. M . from Radcliffe this year; and further correspondence with the Dean in which the Dean says plainly that she does not think that this student "is a young woman upon whom you can depend for increasing the high reputation which so many of the educated among your race have gained". We are compelled, therefore, to close this incident with the regretful conclusion that the young lady in question deliberately lied to TH E CRISIS concerning her scholastic work and standing. We trust this will be a warning to any other person who may be tempted in this way to try to deceive the public through the columns of TH E CRISIS. THE SPREAD OF SOCIALISM READERS of headlines in the daily press may, if they live one from a student ofRadcliffe, declaring that she in the United States, be lead had been admitted to the Ph i Beta Kappa Society and was to receive her Master's degree; the second from the Dean of Radcliffe denying these facts. Since that time TH E CRISIS has gone to considerable trouble to ascertain the truth. We have now on file in this office and open to the inspection of any reputable person: First, the original letter of April 2, in the student's own handwriting; second, the letter from the Dean; third and fourth, our replies to both; fifth, another letter from the s t u de n t promising explanations; sixth, a third letter naming "Mr. Arthur to think that Socialism is on its last legs and was quite discredited by the Great War. It is a singular comment upon our newspapers to know that exactly the opposite is true. Never before was Socialism so widespread and so powerful. Today Socialists rule Russia, Germany, Czechoslovakia, Jugo-Slavia, Italy, France and Belgium. In nearly every other leading nation they are strong, except in the United States and Japan. This, of course, brings up the question as to what is meant by Socialism and here is room for intricate argument. But in general one means today by Socialism the assertion by the 200 THE community of its right to control business and industry; the denial of the old assumption that public business can ever be a private enterprise. Everywhere in the world Socialism in this broad sense is dominating and it is growing fast in the United States. Quite characteristically, many of those who recognize and exploit it deny that the new idea is Socialistic and try to fasten on Socialism every crazy scheme that any radical ever advocated. Colored Americans, however, need to think straight. Business is no longer "private" and in the fu ture will be less so. Income is increasingly a matter of public control. Democracy will succeed only in so far as it gains intelligent control of industry. This is the future which the world faces and its success is the success of civilization. RAILROAD UNIONS IN the fight against predatory capital the railroad unions richly deserve defeat. They have been head and foot of a contemptible monopoly of labor, and by the open exclusion of Negroes, of Italians, of Jews and of any weak or disadvantaged group, they have deliberately and ruthlessly built up their own high wages and exclusive privileges, on the starvation, unemployment, sickness and destitution of the common laborer. They deserve defeat. They deserve to have their unions smashed. They cannot look for votes or sympathy from the mass of the laboring whites, and especially the blacks. OF COLD FEET THEY are so brave! My God! The fire that blows from their dilated nostrils and the spite that sputters from mouths—but—go to Atlanta? No sir! Not me! I'm busy. I'm just about the busiest person you ever saw. 0, they were radical! They were Red and red-hot. They had fought CRISIS for their country- They belonged to the American Legion and they sat 500 strong, clamorous with applause. But when we asked for volunteers to protest a libellous film play, five promised and two came! GIRLS ATTENDED the East Central Field School Girls' Conference at the Germantown Y. W. C. A. _ It was not only a wonderful thing to see these hundreds of bright and pretty colored high school girls, but the finest thing about it was that they were noisy, happily noisy. One gets, particularly in southern colored schools, an impression of portentous silence and primness on the part of young students. New England discipline, long dead in its own home, has descended curiously to the colored missionary schools of the South so that one seldom gets the spontaneous ebullition of the frank and glorious animal spirits which youth has a right to have. But at the German-town conference, with girls from all the eastern cities of the Middle States, and with white and colored workers, there was a joy and abandon, a blending of team work, art, laughter and music which was more than uplifting. It was big with hope. INVESTMENTS COLORE D folk in larger and larger numbers are investing their savings and so far as possible investing in such ways as will best serve the race. This is a most encouraging symptom and one has but to visit the Tidewater of Virginia, or Gary, Indiana, or a dozen other centers to see what Negro capital is doing for the Negro. A t the same time the very eagerness of Negro investors brings the danger of loss and reaction. Scoundrels, both white and black, are hastening to prey upon us, offering large returns in cash and race adjustment for a small amount of money. When OPINION 201 failure and bankruptcy follow such schemes, many an honest black man will find himself robbed not simply of money but of faith in leadership. A word to the wise is necessary: Investment is a matter of commonsense. It calls for careful investigation and thought. Any proposed scheme must be backed by HONESTY and what we may call the ABILITIES , e. g., responsibility, feasibility, ability. 1. HONESTY. By honesty we mean not necessarily ideal and perfect integrity but that minimum of common reliability, without which business is impossible: promptness in payment, the giving and taking of receipts, no deliberate misrepresentation, etc. Without these no investment is reliable. If the company with which you deal is dishonest, do not invest your funds. If you know that it is honest or if the agent who represents it is known to you to be honest, then comes the question of 2. RESPONSIBILITY. Is the agent responsible for what the company does, or is the company itself responsible or depending upon someone else? A n honest colored man of influence may be induced to become an agent of some scheme of which he really knows nothing. You invest because you know him, but he is not responsible. A n honest bank may be dealing in dishonest securities, etc. Before investing be sure you know who is responsible for your funds. 3. FEASIBILITY. Next ascertain if the thing promised can probably be done. Do not buy building lots which are under water. Do not invest in the conquest of Africa. Do not invest in a business which promises 50% returns the first month. Look into the scheme. Does it seem reasonable? Consult those who know. 4. ABILITY. If the business is honestly conducted by responsible persons known to you and if its objects have a reasonable chance to succeed, your final query must be: Are the per sons in charge able to carry on the business; have they the necessary skill and education? If not, save your money. It will be said that few Negroes have a chance to examine all schemes with such care. In this case, ask ad vice. Consult those with experience. True it is that in most investments some risk is involved, but be sure that you can afford to take the risk. If, for instance, you are saving for sickness and old age, you must take the least risk possible; put your funds in the Postal savings or in a local savings bank or in an insurance company organized in a state with proper insurance laws. Only a few Southern States have such laws. If you are investing surplus funds where a little larger risk is possible, choose either local enterprises whose promoters are known to you and whom you can watch, or invest only in well-known and proven national organizations. Do not put your money in unknown enterprises at a distance, no matter how glib the agent is. Find out about them first. If you are prepared for considerable risk and invest for reasons of race loyalty and hope, then frankly consider how much you can afford to lose before you venture. Do not take desperate chances in flighty dreams and then rail at Negro leadership when you lose every penny invested. In all cases of investment insist on full and regular reports, and study and understand them. To give your money to friends or strangers and let them know that they do not have to keep books or render accounts, is to encourage rascality. GOURDIN ON our cover, Edward Orval Gourdin is jumping beyond all theworld.InJune, 1921, he was graduated from Harvard and will enter the Harvard Law School in the fall. TWO AMERICANS FLORENCE LEWIS BENTLEY I. THE little village of St. Gervais lay sleeping in the early dawn of a spring morning. St. Gervais- was one of the first spots in France to feel the devastating fury of the Hun, and for many months it had lain deserted and desolate. After two years of exile, however, many of her people— tenacious homekeepers—had straggled back. Patiently they had repaired and rebuilt; and now St. Gervais, with the added help of Spring's healing touch, was looking a little like her old, picturesque self. The marks of the destroyer were still there. The broken church spire, the town-hall half destroyed, ruined fences and shell-plowed farms still gave dreadful evidence, that Hate had passed that way. As a sleeping-countenance sometimes shows marks of grief and passion not seen when the brave spirit of the sleeper is active and on guard, so the little village, asleep in the dawn, showed many scars often lost sight of when its people were bustling about, filling every corner with the spirit of their indomitable courage. This morning the sleep of the villagers was early disturbed, for while the dawn was still gray, up the road came a well-known sound, the tramp, tramp, tramp of marching' feet. From one window, then from another, nightcapped heads were thrust; out of doors tumbled the peasants, pulling on clothes as they ran—men, women and many children. The place was so near the actual fighting ground, that no man knew who that marching host might be, friend or foe. Huddled together in groups, the memory of old terrors holding strong, they anxiously gazed towards the approaching sound. Suddenly around the bend of the road, sweeping into their delighted vision, a khaki-colored host appeared. That uniform was already well known in this region and the relieved and delighted people with joyous accord cried, "Les Americains, les Americains, invent lea Americains." A detachment of Pershing's men soon filled the road. Children ran to them and clasped their hands and tried to keep step with them. Their elders smiled and shouted and tried in every way to express from their French hearts a grateful love for the country that had sent these fine soldiers. The khaki line stretched out longer and longer and the clamor of greetings of an increasing number of peasants was at its height, when suddenly there seemed to be a curious change in the soldiers. The people stopped their shouting and stood bewildered and hesitant. These men now passing had not the accustomed face—these were not v\hite faces, but black faces and brown. The French people of this countryside had never seen faces so colored and their astonishment was very real. The uniform to them, however, meant America, and one thinking-more quickly and clearly than the others cried out, "Ceux-ci sont aussi des Americains." ("These are Americans, too.") The cry was taken up and repeated from group to group. "Ceux-si sont aussi des Americains." The little children ran to these black men and smiled at them and clasping their hands, accompanied them far down the road, chatting and singing in their sweet childish voices. For many days after this event there was excited talk in St. Gervais about the soldiers who had passed through, especially concerning the black soldiers, who were also Americans. Then shortly cannons were heard, the sounds becoming increasingly louder and nearer. War-ridden France had become so used to these sounds that they were scarcely allowed to disturb the routine of life. Women stopped oftener in the little church to say a prayer, children were kept closer to their homes—just little things like these indicated an apprehension which a long tried courage kept under control. One day a detachment of Red Cross doctors and nurses came, took over the largest barn in the place and made a temporary hospital. That same night ambulances slowly brought in their loads of wounded and the little French village knew that once more it was in the fangs of awful war. The cottage of Mere Pinchot stood at the west end of the village, nearest to the place of fighting. Late one evening the good woman and her daughter, Zelie, were tidying up their little kitchen, preparing to go 202 TWO AMERICANS to bed when the quick ear of the girl heard a faint tapping at the door. Stray comers were not always safe visitors in these uncertain days and the two unprotected women drew together in terror, when Zelie told what she had heard. They listened for a moment and hearing no further sound, were about to mount the steep stairs, which led to their little bed room, when once more the sound was heard—this time loud enough for the mother to hear. First sending her daughter upstairs for safety, the French woman cautiously approached the door. To her challenge twice repeated, there was no reply. Truly terrified by this time, she was about to run upstairs with her daughter when she heard a low moan, as if from one in extreme pain. Instantly she threw open the door, when across the threshold tumbled two men—a black man and a white man— both clad in the uniform of America. The white man was on the shoulder of the black 'man, who evidently had been carrying him. Both seemed badly wounded and were covered with blood and mud, and to the frightened gaze of the French woman both seemed dead. She called her daughter and together they pulled the inert forms into the In a short time the young girl returned with a doctor, a nurse, and stretcher bearers. While the stretcher bearers were carrying the men out, the doctor questioned 1he woman: "You say one was strapped to the other's back?" "Yes, monsieur, the black one had the Hilda Rue WILKINSON The French woman cautiously approached the door. kitchen, cut the leather belt which strapped one to the other, and laid them gently side by side on the floor. "Zelie, we must get help immediately. Will you stay with them and let me run to the hospital for the good nurse and doctor Are you afraid?" "No, mother," from the brave little French maid, "I can run more quickly than you, let me go. And I am not afraid, for with me always is the good God. I'll run as fast as I can." Throwing a shawl over her head, she sped away into the darkness, while the older woman did all in her power to resuscitate the two men. white one strapped to his back. He must have carried him, you see." "I see," agreed the doctor, examining the bolts. "He must have strapped him on so that he would not fall off. And he full of wounds, himself. Some sand there, believe me." The wounded men were taken to the barn 'hospital where they were carefully washed and put to bed—both still unconscious. Their wrist tags showed thai they were both from Huxton, Georgia. "Same place," said the recording nurse. "Knew each other at home, very likely. TH E CRISIS Splendid courage in that black fellow." Towards morning the Negro soldier regained consciousness and the first words he whispered were: "Did I save him?" On being assured that his comrade was safe in an adjoining cot, a look of great relief passed over his face and he soon dropped off into a quiet sleep. On the next day the white soldier regained consciousness, but it was very evident that there was small hope of recovery in either case. The white man's wounds were so serious that the wonder was that he had lived at all; the Negro's, though not so serious at first, had been greatly aggravated and complicated by the superhuman exertion he had put forth in carrying his comrade from the battlefield, two miles away. On the third morning the Negro soldier seemed a little stronger and the young doctor, who was more than ordinarily interested in this case of rescue, which indicated one man's sacrifice of life for another, said as he took his temperature: "That was a brave thing you did, soldier boy." Over the large black eyes into which he gazed, passed an inscrutable look, but the Negro made no reply. "You are both from the same place?" Still trying to made a friendly approach. "Yes, from the same place," was the quiet reply. "Knew each other pretty well, eh?" "Yes, we knew each other." "Well all I can say is that you did a mighty fine thing for him. If we pull him through he owes his life to you. Must care for him a great deal, don't you?" "I hated him." The words were said quietly, just stating a fact not to be added to by any inflection of voice or gesture. The doctor, now really mystified, asked, "Do you care to tell me about it?" "Sometime I will, doctor. You seem very kind and I would like some one to know. Sometime —" "Sometime," thought the doctor, "you haven't very much time, young fellow. "But he only said, "Maybe this evening, when I am off duty for a while." The other tried to incline his head and for the first time smiled a smile that seemed to restore for a moment all the youth and brightness which much suffering and labor had banished from his countenance. That evening a number of the wounded were transferred to the base hospital, and fewer patients gave the young doctor a few moments of needed relaxation. The huge doors of the barn were thrown wide to let in the soft warm air of the spring evening. Outside, the moon, almost at its full, bathed in its softening light the little village. A window in one of the barn lofts had been thrown open and through it a long bar of light penetrated the gloomy interior of the barn, throwing into deeper shadow, parts outside of its silvery beam. Here and there a candle flickered at a soldier's bedside, doing its little best to lighten the gloom. One or two nurses moved softly about, their white clad forms making grotesque shadows when they crossed the track of light. The doctor stood resting in the doorway, looking out on the quiet night, when a movement in the cot of the Negro soldier attracted his attention and recalled to his mind the promise to talk to him that evening. He quickly approached the bed and taking a candle from a nearby table, anxiously •examined the soldier, who was tossing restlessly on his narrow cot. To the experienced eye of the surgeon, there was a significant change in the patient and he knew that the young man's time was limited. He put down the candle and took the sufferer in his strong arms, turned him over in an easier position, smiling all the while into the upturned I lack face looking so wistfully up to him. "Now, old man, that's easier. Take a sip of this," said the doctor, holding some water to his lips. The Negro drank feverishly and said, "Doc, you must let me talk now, for I know I'm goin' soon an' I must tell some one before I go." . Without answering, the doctor pulled up a little camp stool and seating himself by the cot, assumed a listening attitude. The Negro soldier told him this story: "I was born and raised in Huxton, Georgia—me and my brother Joe. We lived with our mother and all three of us worked. We were happy enough until we boys began to grow up, and then it seemed that the white boys were pickin' on us all the time, and abusin' us. My mother told us to try not to mind, for when we all had saved enough money we could go North, where we could get a better show. But when you get little pay, it takes a long time to save any amount of money. And we THE POOL 205 boys were men when we at last got money enough to take all three of us away. Al l the time we were having trouble. Whenever the gang of white boys saw us or our friends, they would chase us and stone us. We always had to run, of course, 'cause we knew we would be killed if we hit back. One day the whole gang, about ten of 'em, met Joe walking alone and chased him for miles, until he rushed into our little cabin out of breath. He had been struck on the head with a huge stone. That night he said to me, 'That's the las' time I'll run. I'm goin' to act like a man. If I'm chased again before we leave this God-forsaken place, I'm goin' to show fight.' " 'What can you do?' sez I, 'You, one, against a crowd.' " 'I'll see to that,' sez he. And the next day he went to town and bought a revolver. "Me and my mother saw that we must hurry to get away. Al l our little things were packed and we hoped to get away within the week. Me and my ma were both working one day at the same place, old Judge Canna's, whose house was on the Square. In Huxton the Co'te House, the store, the livery stable and one or two houses faced the Square, where all the meetings used to be. M y ma was inside ironin' and I was working in the garden, when I saw Joe come out of the store with a bag of candy. "Some of the white boys were standing before the livery stable and as Joe passed one cursed him. He seemed to say something back, because in a minute they were all after him. He started to run, but a white man tripped him up, and as he lay there they kicked and beat him. I saw him put his hand in his pocket and in a minute there was a flash, and one of the white boys fell. In the confusion (every one thought some one was killed) Joe got away. They fcund that only one boy was struck, and he only in the leg. "I rushed into the house and told my mother. Old Judge Canna was in the house and he made my mother and me go up into his attic and stay there. Judge Canna was the one white white man we found in the South. We hid in the judge's attic for three days. The judge brought in word that the mob had burned our home, and that only he and the colored preacher knew where Joe was hiding and they hoped to get him out of town when the people had cooled down. On the third day my ma was sitting in the attic doing some mending for old Miss Canna, and I was peeping through the slats of the window on to the Square. Suddenly I heard a great shout and a noise like people running, and then I saw a crowd turn a corner and pour into the Square. They had Joe. He looked aw ful. One eye was out, the blood was trick ling all around his face from a cut in the head, and one arm hung like it was broken." (To be continued in October) THE POOL AMEDEE BRUN Translated by Jessie Fauset THE lonely pool sleeps in the depth of the glade At the foot of a slope which its beauty discloses; And the whispering reeds make a rustling retreat Which the stream lips or leaves as it wakes or reposes. The heather erects a dense rampart of green To conceal the sweet tide which reflects in its deeps The tops of tall trees, and this one labor done, Forgetting aught else, dreams and placidly sleeps. Now and then comes a bird—a blackcap or a swallow, Which with its swift flight makes the mute, formless hollow Of solitude ring with a shrill, plaintive sound. Its wings barely skim the pool drowsy with slumber, Yet small, eager waves circling wide, without number, Haste to die 'mid the pitying reeds grouped around. B. L. JORDAN, Secretary-Manager J. T. CARTER, • President-General Manager W. A. JORDAN, Assistant Secretary-Manager A VIRGINIA INSURANCE SOCIETY RECEN T colored visitors to Washington have noticed with satisfaction the fine new building at the corner of Seventh and Tea streets and have learned, if they inquired, that it was erected by the Southern Aid Society of Virginia. It is a plain but dignified fire-proof brick building four stories in height, with basement. It represents, together with the site, a total outlay of $200,000. It has the Dunbar Moving Picture Theatre on the first floor, offices for professional and business men on the second and fourth floors, and on the third floor are the offices of the Southern Ai d Society. The building was designed by a colored architect, Isaiah T. Hatton, and was built by colored mechanics. This is an accomplishment worthy of notice. The Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., was founded at Richmond, in February, 1893, as a sick benefit association. It employed ten persons the first year and did a business of $7,000. Today it employs nearly 500 persons in Virginia and the District of Columbia and its income will reach a million dollars this year. It has paid out over two and one-half million dollars during the past 28 years in claims and has $500,000 in assets, including cash, government bonds and mortgages and $350,000 in unincumbered real estate. Until this year the operations of the society were confined to Virginia, but the Commissioner of Insurance of the District of Columbia on June 5, 1921, permitted the organization to opcrate in the District, and the new building will be the center of the new field of work. James T. Carter is president and general counsel; B. L. Jordan, secretary-manager; and W. A. Jordan is his assistant. The insurance business among colored folk has come through many vicissitudes, beginning as a doubtful experiment, developing through a stage where some of the operations closely resembled gambling, but finally, in the case of perhaps a dozen large institutions, becoming strong, well organized and well directed associations which form the basis not only of philanthropic aid to the masses of colored people, but of vast business development upon a tried foundation. 206 SOUTHERN AID BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D. C. FRESHMAN PAPERS IN A NEGRO COLLEGE CHARLES EATON BURCH FOR the past few years I have been teaching Freshman Composition in a Negro college. Our freshmen represent a rather large part of the English speaking-world. Most of the States in the Union are represented. They leave Maine and California and journey to this Negro college in Ohio. New York, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana and Illinois are well represented. Quite a group hail from Kansas and Missouri. But by far the Southern States send the largest delegation. The British Empire has a respectable delegation made up of youths from Barbadoes, Jamaica, British Guiana, South Africa, West Africa and the Bermuda Islands. The Republic of Liberia, too, sends her small quota. It is indeed a representative group of students. One could not expect to meet a more interesting one. The papers that are written by these freshmen have no distinguishing marks of literary excellence. They exhibit the many good and bad features of English Composition. Very often they attempt to grapple with questions that are beyond their years. Occasionally one of these youthful collegians assembles the peoples of the earth to the world's market place, delivers a high sounding harangue, states with fervor that his is the correct way for the solution of the problem, makes his farewell bow and is about to march off to other conquests, when he is interrupted by the kindly advice of his instructor. A t times the topic is the struggle between labor and capital, the military or naval program, the American- Tapanese question, the agricultural situation or government ownership of public utilities; again it is the Irish question, South African elections, Liberia's needs, the American occupation of Haiti, and a number of matters that do give twentieth century men and women concern. It was an interesting experience to read a series of papers on the different aspects of the Irish question. A freshman from Bermuda advised the Irish to behave themselves or be prepared for a decent thrashing. Another Bermudian, the son of a distinguished member of the Bermuda Colonial Parliament, championed the cause of the Irish and endeavored to prove that England was responsible for discontent in Ireland. The boys from Africa put in a plea for Irish freedom. Practically all of the American students were sympathetic to ward the Irish. But without any prompting on the part of the instructor, they again and again turn to the Negro world. It is true that many of the papers on this question are mere echoes, too often they represent the arguments of the noisy orator and the sensational journal. Yet one is forced to admit that papers do come to the instructor's desk which call for serious consideration. There is the attempt to handle a perplexing question in the proper way; there is the protest against a repeated injustice; there is the sad cry of despair and the confident note of hope. In their limited way, they reach out and speak to America; and sometimes to the British Empire. From the confidential chats during the conference hour, I have learned much concerning the reasons for the writing of these papers. Out of the very depths some of these souls have come, out of the fullness of their hearts they write. In a recent conference hour in speaking about papers dealing with the Negro in America, two beautiful young women from Florida whispered a tale of sorrow which came from a dear sister at home. The Ku Klux Klan had issued ugly warnings to folks who dared to be independent, law-abiding, clean and prosperous. A later letter stated that a moving picture house owned and operated by colored people had been burned and several of the leading colored residents of the town given a few hours to leave the city. Another freshman from the same State, who expressed himself in bitter terms, told of a sister who had a thriving business and because the growth of her trade was about to endanger several stores operated by whites, she was ordered to close up and go elsewhere.Another his body the marks inflicted by men who are a menace to America; a student from Geor 208 0MICRON CHAPTER, ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY. UNIVERSITY OF CINCINNATI THE CRISIS gia barely escaped from being lynched because he "looked like a bad nigger". Some of them had seen the lynching party in triumph, and others had been insulted while on their journey from Texas, Alabama and Georgia to the little college town in Ohio. Many other cases could be mentioned. Need one ask why they make feeble attempts to tell in writing their tale of woe? The papers referred to in this connection are written by students who represent some of the best homes in America. These ninety and five freshmen have given the college authorities little or no trouble; the few wayward ones have been guarded by their classmates and at present they too are within the fold. As a member of the Freshman Advisory Committee, I have had frequent conversations with them regarding home and surroundings. Most of them come from substantial families whose record for civic-usefulness would form a bright chapter in the history of the modern American home. It is a tragedy for those who are among the flower of the nation to begin life under such crushing conditions. The evils which follow in the wake of the Reds are mild when compared with the malicious program which is kept alive to block the progress of the Negro freshman. Wolves in sheep's clothing come from the song-fest with America on their lips, meet these ambitious black citizens and seek to stop them by fraud or force. But they move on in spite of all. It is not too late for America to strengthen their hands. EMIGRATION TO LIBERIA A Report to the Secretary of State BY CAPTAIN H. O. ATWOOD IN accordance with your request, I submit the following as the minimum equipment necessary for people emigrating to this Republic: TH E COMMUNITY For each community, which should be run on a co-operative basis, the following things are necessary: a. —One general store, on the co-operative plan, containing only staple things necessary for supplying the settlers b. —One small farm tractor, caterpillar type, with a supply of surplus parts which are most vulnerable and with attachments complete, and at least two men who can assemble and operate it. (The "Cle-Trac" or one of similar type.) c. —One portable saw mill complete. d. —One machine for cracking palm nuts. e. —One sugar cane mill and simple appliances for making sugar. f. —One rice thrasher (combined hand and traction power). g. —One large grindstone. h. —One iron pot of at least 150 gallon capacity. i. —Two stump pullers with necessary steel cables. j-—Blasting powder and some one who knows how to use it to assist in clearing k.—One doctor who can do dental work ys well. 1.—One shoe maker with a supply of leather and tools. m.—At least two blacksmiths with portable forge, anvil, outfit for making bolts and nuts and all necessary tools; also some bar steel, ranging from V* to 3 inches in width, soldering tools, solder and muriatic acid. n.—If possible, carpenters and stone masons with their tools. o.—Animals. On account of the tsetse fly, possibly no animals should be brought. African goats and sheep can be acquired here cheaper than they can be brought from the United States. In event of settling in the Hinterland or on the highlands away from the coast, young, well-bred milch cows and possibly one or two young well-bred bulls would be a valuable acquisition. Donkeys, which may be purchased in the islands, would render useful service in the transportation of goods to the co-operative centers and to the coast. Chickens and other fowls, for crossing breeds, now existing in the Republic, might well be brought, likewise a hardy breed of hogs such as the Tamworths. THE HEAD OF EACH FAMILY land. The head of each family should bring: EMIGRATION TO LIBERIA a. —The most simple articles of furniture, such as iron beds and springs, a few chairs, tables, mattresses, sheet iron cooking stove or "Buzzacott cooking outfit," bedding, linen, etc. b. —Dishes, cutlery, large dutch oven, cooking and kitchen utensils, sheet iron or galvanized buckets and wash tubs, wash boards, one case of coarse soap, toilet soap and lye with which to make soap. c. —One filter with extra candles, lanterns and lamps with extra wicks, chimneys, etc.; small hand grinder for coffee, etc; one hand grist mill. d. —One complete set of carpenter tools of standard make, 1 wheelbarrow (iron), 12 assorted files, 2 monkey wrenches, 2 flat wrenches, 2 shovels, 2 spades, 2 digging-forks, 2 scythes and handles, 4 cutlasses (good steel), 2 steel bush hooks, 4 grubbing hoes or mattocks, 8 weeding hoes (large and strong), 4 Italian vine hoes, 2 pickaxes, 3 chopping axes, 1 adz, 2 hatchets, 2 hammers, 6 steel wedges, 6 stone drills, 2 crosscut saws (1 single and 1 double), 1 bucksaw, 2 pruning saws, 3 iron rakes, 2 pruning shears (6 and 10 inch), 1 hedge shears, 1 pruning knife, 1 budding knife, 1 skinning knife, 2 large pocket knives, 1 hunting knife, 1 sticking knife, 1 butcher knife, 1 bag needle and twine, 100 pounds assorted nails, assorted screws, tacks, 1 iron kettle of at least 15 gallon capacity. e. —One planter junior combined seeder and cultivator No. 4, 1 set of assorted hand garden tools. f. — A supply of garden seed, for one planting, which come from the southern part of the United States, some of which should be tobacco, onions, cabbage, collards, turnips, assorted beans, peas, white mustard, kale, spinach, radishes, tomatoes, sweet and field corn, squash, okra, canteloupe, watermelons, cassaba and honeydew melons, cucumbers, assorted peppers, lettuce, romaine, carrots, ground peas. These seed might possibly be obtained from the United States Department of Agriculture. g. —Enough hog-proof wire fencing to enclose at least one-half to one acre for garden purposes, and enough chicken wire to build a chicken house and run to protect the fowls in the day and at night from bush cats, etc. Wire stretchers and staples also should be brought. h. A supply of medicines some of which .-.hould be: Hydrochlorate of quinine, as pirin (Bayer's), iodine tincture, lysol or ere ulin, camphor and opium pills, Sloan's liniment, compound cathartic pills or something as good, adhesive tape, absorbent cotton and assorted bandages. i.—One shot gun with 1,000 loaded shells or brass shells, powder, shot, and the necessary instruments for loading them; one large calibre rifle of standard make with 500 rounds of ammunition. j.—Two suits of strong overalls and three pairs of shoes, 2 pairs to be working shoes and one pair of lighter make. THE WOMAN Each woman should bring a supply of needles, thread, darning cotton, buttons, and the thousand and one things necessary to the good housewife as most of them, when obtainable here, are inferior and prohibitive in price. She should also have two pairs of shoes, one heavy pair and one lighter pair. It will be noticed that I have said noth ing about building materials in this—the fact is that through experience I have found lhat the best and most healthy kind of house is one built as described below: Raise the building surface 4 to 5 feet above the surface of the surrounding earth by driving stakes and filling in with beaten earth the ground or space so enclosed. The •vails are next made of the same beaten earth or preferably clay in the same manner that one makes concrete walls. The house is of bungalow type with wide porches all around and thatch roof with a steep fall. Al l of this material can be had in the surlounding country for the mere labor of gathering and carrying. Outside of the articles mentioned above, after careful observation and consideration, it is thought that the head of each family should have at least $3,000 ($1,000 for each year of three) in cash, for these reasons: a. —The first year will be required for acclimatization, building of house and outbuildings and partial clearing of ground. b. —The second year one should finish the clearing of his land and get a partial crop if things are favorable. c. —During the first two years one should have the food to which he is accustomed, for the sake of his health. d. —The third year one should have a good crop barring providential happenings, in which case one should be able to save the final $1,000. National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. THE DYER BILL FOR nearly eleven years the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has waged an unceasing fight against lynching and mob violence in America. That difficult fight is apparently about to bear fruit in the enactment of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill into law. In addition to making many investigations of lynching, publications of fact and the waging of an intelligent campaign of publicity to arouse America to the dangers of mob violence unchecked, the Association has appeared through its representatives before House and Senate Committees at Washington in support of the bill. The Dyer Bill provides, first, that the putting to death in any State of any person within the jurisdiction of that State by a mob of riotous assemblage, shall be an offense against the United States. Second, that every participant in such a mob shall be guilty of murder and liable to prosecution in a District Court of the United States. Third, that the county in which such murder occurs shall be fined $10,000, recoverable in a United States Court. Fourth, that every State or municipal officer who neglects all reasonable efforts to protect his prisoner shall be liable to prosecution in a District Court of the United States and may be punished by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or by fine not exceeding $5,000, or both. Every man and woman in the United States who wants to see mob murder in the United States wiped out should, as soon as it is announced that the Dyer Anti-LynchingBill is reported out and is before Congress for action, telegraph at once to his or her representative asking that he sup port the bill. Never before has an anti lynching bill advanced so far as this one. There is every prospect that the bill will receive favorable action and will pass if sufficient pressure is brought to bear. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People urges every American citizen to telegraph Washington in support of this most important measure. If Americans want lynching wiped out, it is now within their power to do it. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People especially appeals to all churches, lodges and other fraternal orders, women's clubs and organizations of all kinds, as well as to individuals. If we all get together and work as one unit, the Bill will pass if sufficient pressure is brought to bear. Do your part by wiring your representative or to Congressman L. C. Dyer and urging all of your friends to do the same. Do you want lynching stamped out? If so, this is your time to do your part in bringing the power of federal action to wipe out mob murder. COLORED TRAINMEN TOURIN G the latter part of 1919, at the request of the Association of Colored Railway Trainmen, the N . A . A . C. P. took up with the railroad administration the question of discrimination in pay towards colored trainmen, especially in Mississippi, Tennessee and surrounding States. In January, 1920, in company with representatives of the Association of Colored Railway Employees, Assistant Secretary White appeared before the railroad officials at Washington, requesting an investigation of the conditions and a correction of the evils which were known to exist. It was shown that colored trainmen were doing the work of conductors, flagmen, switchmen and baggagemen but were classed as porters, thus receiving a far lower wage than that which was due to them. These efforts, however, proved unavailing. It was decided that the only chance of redress was to file a formal protest with the Board of Wage and Working Conditions of the Railroad Administration. The result of that protest was that colored men were granted an increase amounting to $12,525 monthly, and they also received back pay increases amounting to more than $125,000. 212 N. A. A. C. P. Following this victory, white trainmen in the States mentioned became even more determined to get rid of colored workmen. Early in 1921 anonymous notices were posted, warning colored trainmen that unless they quit their jobs they would be killed. When these warnings, as well as anonymous letters containing similar threats proved unavailing, a systematic campaign of terrorism was instituted against colored trainmen. Trains were flagged at various points in these States and colored trainmen were pulled from the trains and severely beaten and in a number of cases killed. Those • killed were brought to the attention of the Association early in March and definite data was secured in a number of cases where colored trainmen had been murdered. The State, county and municipal officers of the State of Mississippi were appealed to without any tangible results. The murders went on unchecked. It was then decided that an appeal should be made to the federal government, which had authority under Section I, Paragraph 23 of the Interstate Commerce Act, which made it a federal offense for any person "knowingly and wilfully, by physical force or intimidation by threat of physical force, to obstruct or retard or aid in obstructing or retarding the orderly conduct of movement in United States of Interstate . . . Commerce or the orderly makeup of movement or disposition of any trainmen." This act was in effect during the period of the war. The cases were presented to the Interstate Commerce Commission. That body referred the matter to the Department of Justice, to which the Association had also referred the case. The Department of Justice in turn called attention to the joint resolution of Congress approved March 3, 1921, which provided that any action of Congress in existence only during the war shall be construed as if the war had terminated on March 3. Fortunately one of the cases had occurred prior to March 3, and the Association immediately requested investigation of that case. Nothing more was heard of the results of this investigation until the New York World on August 1 told of the arrest of two white men at Watervalley, Miss., on the charge of ambushing a colored trainman and that one of the two men had been arrested also by federal officers after he had made bond on the State charge. According to an announcement of the officials of the Illinois Central Railway, special agents employed by them had discovered that a price of $300 had been placed on the head of every colored trainman who had disregarded the anonymous warnings that they would be killed if they did not resign from that job. Superintendent A. D. Cauldfield, of the Illinois Central, at the same time declared that the officials were determined to protect the colored trainmen at all cost. The Association is highly gratified in having been of assistance in checking these wilful murders and is hopeful that the investigation and the arrest will end the murder of these colored workers. THOMAS RAY ITwill be remembered that in the January issue of THE CRISIS we told of the splendid fight being waged by the Detroit Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in conjunction with other local agencies and the National office to prevent the extradition of Thomas Ray to Wilkinson County, Georgia, where he was wanted on a charge of murder. Ray had killed, according to all evidence in the case, Dewitt Faulkner, a white man who had several times threatened Ray's life. Fearing that he would be lynched if caught, Ray escaped to Canada, later going to Detroit, where he was arrested. Albert Sleeper, who was at that * time Governor of Michigan, granted a writ of extradition to the Georgia authorities. Attorneys for Ray at once applied for and secured a writ of habeas corpus, but Ray was immediately rearrested on a warrant from the State of Georgia. A new hearing was held before Governor Sleeper, who again granted a writ of extradition. Following this step a new writ of habeas corpus was applied for but was denied. Determined not to give up until every possible remedy had been exhausted, Ray's attorneys appealed from the decision of the Wayne County Circuit Court to the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan. That court in July confirmed the verdict of the lower court. A new appeal was then made to Governor Groesbeck, who had entered upon his THE CRISIS DELEGATES TO THE TWELFTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE. N. A. A. C. P. duties as Governor on January 1, 1921. Governor Groesbeck reviewed the evidence and decided that Ray would undoubtedly be lynched if carried back and provisionally recalled the writ of extradition which had been granted by his predecessor in office until the question could be settled as to whether plans were made to lynch Ray when he was first arrested in Detroit on his return to Wilkinson County, Georgia. In spite of many discouraging defeats, the fight for Ray's freedom has been waged. It was generally admitted that had he been a white man he would hardly have been arrested for killing Faulkner in defense of his own life, and certainly he would not have been punished. The long legal fight was of tremendous importance, in that it centered the attention of the State of Michigan on lawlessness and disregard of all law and order in the State of Georgia, and then that it proved to Georgia authorities that their negligence in protecting the lives of colored prisoners was being observed and acted upon in Northern States. Some idea of the attitude of the northern newspapers may be gained from the edi torial quoted below from the Detroit Free Press, one of the principal daily newspa pers of the State of Michigan. The edi torial, entitled "Not Pleasant for Georgia," said: When Thomas Ray, the Georgia Negro charged with murder in that State, was about to be taken from this State by a Georgia sheriff, under a requisition approved by Governor Sleeper, it is charged that the sheriff wired his home, designating the train on which he would arrive and the time of his arrival. This would seem an innocent proceeding if it were not for testimony tending to show that there was a well settled plan in Georgia to lynch Ray immediately upon his arrival. If that is true, and if the sheriff knew it, the message could not be regarded as anything but notice to get a rope. Legal proceedings stopped the return of Ray and the case has now had a second hearing before Governor Groesbeck, who says Ray shall not be permitted to leave Michigan until the facts about the sheriff's telegram and the lynching party are cleared up. If inquiry proves the charges made on Ray's behalf, it may be assumed that Georgia will have to give unusual guarantees of Ray's safety or get along without him. It is not a pleasant thing for one State in the Union to manifest a doubt whether another State is fit to have custody of its own citizens when they are charged with crime. It was not a pleasant thing for Governor Groesbeck to refuse the request of the governor of Georgia because of that suspicion. But neither this State nor its governor can be accused of violating those principles of comity, which guide the States in their intercourse, when Georgia's lynching record is remembered. The true cause of Georgia's humiliation in this affair arises from the failure of the State to restrain those of its own people who keep the State constantly at the head of the list when the statistics of lynching are published. LATER We learn by telegram that Governor Groesbeck of Michigan has revoked the ex tradition warrant of Ray in a striking opin N. A. A. C. P. DELEGATES TO THE TWELFTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE, N. A. A. C. P. ion. Ray goes forth a free man, joining the increasing number of those Negroes whom governors of Northern States have refused to extradite to the lynching South. WHITFIELD EXTRADITION CASE ANOTHE R case of interstate rendition -in which the Association is interested is the case of Will Whitfield, a colored man accused of assaulting' with intent to kill Edward Smith, a white man of Marine, Onslow County, North Carolina. Whitfield is also charged with burglary. Smith declares that Whitfield attempted to kill him in an argument in Smith's store at Marine, following a dispute over an account which Whitfield carried with Smith. Smith also claims that Whitfield took seventy-five dollars from his safe. Whitfield's statement, made under oath, is as follows: Whitfield carried a bale of cotton to Smith's store to sell it. Some time before that occurred Smith had sent Whitfield a bill for $62 for supplies received. When Whitfield went to the store to pay his bill and to sell the bale of cotton Smith claimed that it was $67 instead of $62. In an argument over the difference of $5 Smith seized a scale weight and threw it at Whitfield, who in turn seized a smaller weight in self defense and threw it, striking Smith on the head and inflicting a small scalp wound. Whitfield denies taking any money from Smith's safe and proved conclusively that Smith owed him more than $75, thus making it appear unreasonable that Whitfield would have attempted to steal an amount smaller than that due him by Smith. Smith testified under oath that Whitfield did not break and enter his store but entered it at his own invitation. This refutes the charge of burglary. Following the altercation a mob attempted to lynch Whitfield, but he escaped and fled to New York, where he was arrested. His sister employed Leavelle and Shields to defend him. These attorneys appealed to the N. A. A. C. P. for assistance, which was rendered through Mr. Spingarn, Chairman of the Legal Committee. Upon the State of North Carolina applying for a writ of extradition, Governor Nathan L. Miller granted it without a hearing. Whitfield's attorney immediately applied for a writ of habeas corpus and the hearing on this writ was held before Judge Charles L. Guy on Tuesday, July 5. The case at that time was adjourned for two weeks, pending the receipt of further information from North Carolina. At the second hearing Messrs. Leavelle and Shields, together with Mr. Spingarn and the Assistant Secretary, appeared for Whitfield, while Assistant District Attorney Johnson, from the office of District Attorney Swan of New York County, appeared for the State of North Carolina. Upon motion by Whitfield's attorneys, the case was adjourned by Judge Guy to October 19. AMen of the Month. CHARLES H. DODGE was educated at Fisk University. After a few years as an employee of the St. Louis Mo., Union Bank, he was given the position of confidential messenger. A t the expiration of 13 years' service, during which he was trusted with millions of dollars, he resigned to accept a Federal appointment under the judges of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals in the Eighth District. He was also in charge of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals Law Library. Mr. Dodge was the promoter and chairman of a committee which defeated efforts to locate the colored Sumner High School in the red-light district. Mr. and Mrs. Dodge are residents of San Diego, Cal., where Mr. Dodge is currency counter in the Southern Trust and Commercial Bank, the largest bank in San Diego. THE REV. DR. T. MOMOLU GARDINER is Bishop Suffragan of Liberia, West Africa. The consecration was held at the Church of the Incarnation in New York City, to which Dr. Gardiner traveled from Cape Palmas. He will assist the Right Rev. Walter S. Overs, a white man who is Bishop of Africa. Bishop Gardiner is a Mohammedan Negro of the Vey tribe, in Liberia. He has studied at the Mission School of St. John's at Cape Mount, Africa. He speaks English fluently and is proficient in Latin and Greek. THE late Christopher James Perry was born in Baltimore, Md., September 11, 1854. At an early age he went to Philadelphia, where he obtained employment and became a student of the public night school. In 1884, after some of his writings had been published, he became a special writer for the Sunday Mirror, of Philadelphia, to report the activities of the Negroes of the city. He later started the Philadelphia Tribune, a Negro weekly, which has been published for 36 years. This newspaper is published in the Tribune Building and has a $100,000 plant, of which Mr. Perry was the sole owner. Mr. Perry was elected to the City Council of Philadelphia by the Republicans and served two re-elections; he served as the first Negro Deputy Sheriff and Assistant Appearance Clerk, which position he held for 12 years, and as an Inspector in the Highway Bureau. He was one of the founders of Mercy Hospital and president of the National Negro Press Association. His children will continue his business. MRS. ELIZABETH MITCHELL has traveled in England, France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Belgium, Austria, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Africa. She has made and developed moving pictures of scenes and incidents in these countries and is a pioneer among her people in the travelogue lecture field. Mrs. Mitchell is also a musician, being a graduate of the New England Conservatory of Music. For a number of years she was musical director at the West Virginia Collegiate Institute, where her husband is business manager. DUE west from Porto Rico and beyond the Virgin Islands is the little French and Dutch island of St. Martin. There on May 5, 1841, William H. Crogman was born. He went to sea under a Massachusetts captain, visited Europe, Asia and America, and in 1868 entered Pierce Academy in Massachusetts. He taught 3 years at Claflin and finally finished ,a college course in the first class that was graduated from Atlanta University, in 1876. He was at once called to the faculty of Clark University and here he has worked for 45 years as a professor of Latin and Greek and as president. His has been an extraordinary life as teacher, as publicist and writer, as scholar. He was the recipient of the first and only honorary decree of Doctor of Letters given by Atlanta University. Recently he was put upon the pension list of the Carnegie Foundation. Mr. Crogman is regarded by thousands of persons throughout the United States as one of the finest specimens of upright and staunch Negro manhood. 216 THE LATE MR. C. J. PERRY DR. W. H. CROGMAN BISHOP T. M. GARDINER CHARLES H. DODGE MRS. ELIZABETH MITCHELL 217 The Looking Glass LITERATURE MIRIAM ALLE N DE FORD writes on "Tulsa" in the Call Magazine: Little black babies, homeless in black streets, Against a curtain of flames and sighs; Tears on the cold cheeks from wearied eyes, And terror in the tiny hearts' wild beats. Was there none to watch and none to guard, Alone from your haunted mothers' breasts? Only the cold moon over your troubled rests, Only the night breeze to be your chilly ward? Ah, there were with you, as brooding guardians, Spirits who could remember nights of terror— Spirits that once in flesh cried out on error, Rebels from tyranny's insensate bans! John Brown and Lovejoy watched your trembling slumber; Crippled Frank Little was there, and staunch Joe Hill; And Wesley Everest, whose blood would spill Till freedom comes; and others beyond number. From other times of agony and blood— Spartacus and Bruno, Liebknecht, John Ball, Kurt Eisner, Connolly, Wat Tyler—all Truth's martyrs since the rise of rapine's flood. Little black babies, with your fathers lying Stiffened in bloodclots, meed of your defense, These are your friends—oh, come away— go hence— Face your unequal life, such heroes crying! * * * The Upivard Path (Harcourt, Brace &amp; Howe, New York), and The Dunbar Speaker and Entertainer (J. L. Nichols and Co., Naperville, 111.), mark a step forward in the development of American literature. Both these books have grouped poems, stories and essays about colored people which in the main have been written by colored people. The result has been successful and stimulating. The Upivard Path was compiled by Mary White Ovington and Myron T. Pritchard and it has an introduction by Robert R. Moton. The Dunbar Speaker is the work of Mrs. Alice Dunbar-Nelson; its introduction was written by Leslie Pinckney Hill. Claude McKay's little volume Spring in New Hampshire and Other Poems -.(Grant Richards, London), improves with every reading. Its author sounds the true poetic note. Occasionally his metre limps a little but never his thought. His verse draws pictures distinct and perfect, and above all it creates atmosphere. We commend especially "The Harlem Dancer," "I Shall Return," "The Lynching" and the subtle, homesick longing of "Flame Heart," in which he says: So much have I forgotten in ten years, So much in ten brief years; I have forgot What time the purple apples come to juice And what month brings the shy forget me-not ; Forgotten is the special, startling season Of some beloved tree's flowering and fruiting, What time of year the ground doves brown the fields And fill the noonday with their curious fluting: I have forgotten much, but still remember The poinsettia's red, bloodred in warm December. What weeks, what months, what time o' the mild year We cheated school to have our fling at tops? What days our wine-thrilled bodies pulsed with joy Feasting upon blackberries in the copse? Oh some I know! I have embalmed the days, Even the sacred moments, when we played, Al l innocent of passion uncorrupt, At noon and evening in the flame-heart's shade: We were so happy, happy—I remember Beneath the poinsettia's red in warm December. "THE NEGRO" COLONEL CHARLES YOUNG sends us from Liberia advance pages of "Chits From West Africa," written by J. M. Stuart-Young, an Englishman who loves Africa. He visualizes: 218 THE LOOKING GLASS I saw the Negro. Alexandre Dumas, Toussaint L'Ouverture, Hannibal, Poushkin, Paul Laurence Dunbar, DuBois, Phyllis Wheatley, Booker Washington, Blyden, Everett Hawkins, Coleridge Taylor. I saw the Negro! And the stupid world that had refused him the Rights of Humanity began to see too. And the soil opened with the yellow gladness of grain and fruit at his presence. The Prophet used his name for a talisman; the Preacher took it for a text; and from his sorrows and his hopes the Poet wove the fabric of his song! I saw the Negro. He has learned to asspire. He could dream. He respected toil. Soon he would know as we also knew. For now half the white people of earth had identified his well-being with that of their kith and kin. The Negro . . . Basutu and Kaffir and Zulu; Kroo and Susa and Timini; Hausa and Foulah and Igara; Creole and half- caste; black or brown or white; barbarian or visionary . . . and he was (accord ing to the light which had been granted to him) happy and heart-free. I saw the Negro. But lo! his song was changed to a dirge; and I observed that the sky of the world had become suddenly over cast. A bloody tyrant, with murder in his heart, had outraged all the laws of human ity. His numberless victims lay in torture at his feet. And then .. . I saw the Free Peoples of the World rush to the de fense of these poor victims of a royal lust. The Negro's eyes were also turned toward the battlefields of Europe. And the cloud grew, until it reached his own land, Africa, mother of nations, womb of the earlier world. I saw the Negro. He fought for the Cause of the Right. Most valiantly he fought with the Free Peoples. I saw the Negro. He was dreaming now of his own stupendous past. As he bent over his hoe, and cultivated his generous soil; as he gathered in the fruit of the palm; as he performed the hundred homely tasks of his tribal life, his lips uttered the tragic history of his race. He saw himself as he really was: the pathway of the centuries . . . Ham and Pharaoh and Othello; Dred and Uncle Tom and George Harris . . . countless millions of unnamed and unknown, but all, every single one of them, slaves to the will of the overlord, and in terror of the lash and the stake. He saw that the white races of the earth had trodden over him, in their steady march to power. He knew—and how his great and faithful heart ached at the knowledge!—that his sweat and his blood had been the manure of the white man's soil; that his aching and gnarled body had been the fuel of his fires; that his black skin alienated him from the dear and justifiable desires of all Humanity! He saw the eternal pyramids, standing majestically in the silence of the Egyptian sands, and lo! they were the work of his hands! Ik' saw the hanging gardens of Babylon, and the lost splendors of Nineveh —and he, he had made them the wonders of the world. He beheld Carthage and Greece and Rome, Phoenicia and Syria and the far-reaches of Ind. These were monuments which his patient hands had thrown up to God, only that others should receive the honor and the glory, the worship and the praise. He saw the tortuous Nile, whose sluggish waters throughout dreary centuries he had dredged, in order that European wealth might have access to the remotest corners of the everlasting desert. THE BRITISH STEAM-ROLLER LORD NORTHCLIFFE'S accusation that Lord Curzon and Premier Lloyd George have caused his social and political boycott in Washington reminds us of Mrs. Annie Besant's suit against the Scottish Daily Graphic. Mrs. Besant, authority on Indian affairs, published some hard facts about England's rule in India which the Graphic chose to style as "advocating sedition". When Mrs. Besant brought trial against the newspaper for slander, the jury found for the defendants, with the verdict that the plaintiff's articles "tended to prompt unrest and defendants were justi fied in calling them seditious." The New York Times says: Harold Cox's article of which Mrs. Besant complained was entitled "Unrest in India" and was published by the defendants, Messrs. H . R. Baines and Co., in The Daily Graphic, of which they are the proprietors, in December, 1917. She declared that she had never advocated sedition in India and that such statements were calculated to do her great injury in her character and work. The defendants in their pleadings admitted that the article meant that the plaintiff advocated sedition in India, and explained that she did so in certain writings and in issues of her newspaper, New India, on various dates. These writings were calculated and intended, they said, to bring the Government of India into hatred and contempt. In so far as the statements complained of by the plaintiff were matters of opinion, the defendants maintained that they were fair comment, made in good faith and without malice, on matters of public interest. A picturesque figure was presented by Mrs. Besant in the witness box. She was attired in a white dress, over which she wore a loose bright-colored Indian robe. She gave her age as seventy-three. She stated that since 1874 she had been interested in political affairs, and had all along been in favor of the self-determination of 220 THE free peoples. But she had always been against any social movement which advocated violence. In 1879 she began to take an interest in India, and later devoted herself to evoking a national self-consciousness and self-respect in the natives through their religion. In 1917 the Indian policy of Samuel Montagu, Secretary of State for India, was formulated. She was generally in favor of the lines on which Mr. Montagu's policy seemed likely to develop. Certain sections of the press in the United Kingdom adopted an attitude of opposition to Mr. Montagu's policy and to the witness personally. They attacked Mr. Montagu very bitterly, and she came in for a share because she was in favor of what he was advocating. In particular The Daily Graphic published certain articles which she regarded as highly objectionable. They were calculated to prejudice in this country the cause of Indian reform, Mrs. Besant said, and as head of the Home Rule League she felt it would prejudice the League unless she repudiated the accusation of sedition. Mrs. Besant said she gave power of attorney to her agent in the United Kingdom to take any action he thought right against the newspapers. When he did that the other papers apologized and withdrew, but The Daily Graphic took up the attitude stated in the defense, and admitted that its article meant that she had advocated sedition in India. Mrs. Besant said she founded the All India Home Rule League, whose two-fold purpose was to gain home rule for India by all law-abiding and constitutional methods, and to maintain the British connection under the King and Queen. She had acquired New India, a daily paper published in Madras, her chief object being to advance the movement for reform within the Empire andnations nearer to to try to bringgether.  the two She repudiated the suggestion in the pleadings for the defense that the paper was circulated among a semi-educated and easily excited class of people. That was impossible, because it was not a vernacular but an English paper, which only circulated among the English-speaking people. The Indians were a very law-abiding people, the average Indian being, in her opinion, far more so than the average citizen in this country. * * * In spite of the fact that Mrs. Besant supported Great Britain, in her hour of need during the war, the steam roller was applied, and Mrs. Besant was interned. The Times continues: In her paper she gave consistent support to the British cause during the war, and in her general advocacy of constitutional reform she had written that respect for the law was the thing which prevented democracy from degeneration into a mob. CRISIS With regard to her internment, which was afterward canceled, she understood, at the instance of the Government, she said she had an interview with Lord Pentland. Mrs. Besant said that after Lord Pentland left Madras and Lord Willingdon became Governor, she was frequently invited to Government House. She continued her work for home rule, and in 1919 returned to England. She gave evidence before the Select Committee on the Government of India bill and advocated extensive alteration of the Government proposals. With regard to Mr. Gandhi's attitude, Mrs. Besant explained that she was opposed to his special development because she believed it was a revolutionary movement. Mrs. Besant, further examined, said there was no doubt in India that the reason for her internment was her advocacy of home rule. Lord Anderson asked: "Did you gather, at your interview with Lord Pentland, that he was absolutely opposed to the policy of home rule for India, and wished you to drop its advocacy entirely, or did he merely suggest that you should leave it off during the war?" Mrs. Besant replied: "Lord Pentland kept a very restrained attitude and would not ask anything more than that I should consider my position. He used the phrase, 'I cannot discuss that' in answer to my request to know why I was interned." * * * And speaking of English methods, think of the hope which this document inspires in the breast of the ambitious but black British boy: Office of Naval Attache British Embassy Washington 14th April, 1921. Dear Sir: In reply to your letter of 11th April, addressed to the British Ambassador, I beg to inform you that Negroes are not eligible for entry into the British Navy. Yours very truly, (Signed) S. R. BAILEY. SIDNEY R. BAILEY, Captain, R. N . Naval Attache. Mr. Joseph Birch, 2320 Vine Street, Kansas City, Mo. THE KU KLUX MENACE DR. WILBUR CRAFTS, superintendent of the International Reform Bureau, Washington, D. C, speaks in the Pittsburgh Leader of the lawlessness inherent in the Ku Klux Klan: What is back of the Ku Klux Klan revival? No one is allowed to join who is either a Jew or Catholic, and it is a safe THE LOOKING GLASS 221 bet that no Negro need apply. Apparently the new Ku Klux is to be the secret instrument of two race prejudices and a sectarian prejudice, and I protest as a Protestant, with all my soul against this new form of lawlessness. They say it is to maintain "100 per cent. Americanism," but it is the Mafia way, this "invisible government" by secret terrorists. It is the German way to rule by "frightfulness." The American way is government of all the people, by all the people, including the children, for all the peo ple, regardless of race, sect* * *  or class. The outrages in Texas on the part of this organization have brought a protest resident within the civil jurisdiction of from the Legislature of that State. The Bailundo, shall by this act New York Times quotes Representative Patman of Cass County who said in the lower House: William J. Simmons of Atlanta, Ga., leader of the Ku Klux Klan, and "any man who admits membership of the Ku Klux Klan is a party to every crime the organization commits." Patman directed his remarks at Representative Baker, who had just concluded a speech defending the K u Klux Klan, but declaring that Simmons was not connected with the Texas organization. Baker also had protested against Simmons sending representatives to this State. Patman asserted that the Legislature also "is a party to every crime if it sits idly by and does nothing to curb the lawlessness of this organization." WHY A PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS THE Nation sends us these illuminating facts on the Portuguese method of reintroducing slavery into her unhappy possessions. Nothing can beat the sheer, coldblooded inhumanity of these provisions, some of which follow: The Portuguese Government has recently granted the Mozambique Company, a commercial concern, absolute power over 65,000 square miles of territory in East Africa. In a district larger than England and Wales combined, with a population of over 300,000, a group of traders are in a position to compel the natives to work under an authorized system of forced labor. from natives who reside in his  The In Angola, West Africa, the Portuguese are also exploiting the natives by compelling them to submit to forced labor. The actual provisions of the law as proposed by a commission of African planters were published in the Journal de Benguela, the principal paper of the district. They have not yet been enacted, but the men who signed them are among the more wealthy and influential in the district. One was a member of the governor's advisory cabinet. The publication of the report brought forth neither dissent nor criticism. The more important provisions of the law follow: 1. Every able-bodied male native not less than 14 and not more than 45 years of age, be obliged to give his service to some establishment, agricultural, industrial, or commercial for a period of not less than 90 working days in each year.  2. Anyone, even though he may have complied with the terms of the preceding article, who shall be found indecorously clothed, offending public morals, or shall be known to be given to vagrancy, without further legal form shall be sent by the administrative authority to some agricultural establishment for a term of not less than 180 days. 3. Any native who shall not comply voluntarily with the obligation of Article 1 shall be compelled to do so by the administrative authority for a term not less than 180 days. 4. To determine whether the native has complied with the obligation to work, every functionary who takes part in the collection of the hut tax shall demand, at the time of paying the same, the certificate given by the patron stating where he may be found. 6. The natives who, having contracted either voluntarily or by compulsion, shall absent themselves from the service of their patrons or have not completed their contracts, shall be captured by the administrative authority or by the patron himself authorized by it and they shall be condemned to correctional labor for a term of not more than six months, to be served at some other plantation, receiving only 50 per cent of their pay, the remainder reverting to the local school fund. 7. Every agriculturist shall have the right to recruit for his own plantation chiefly Missionary Review of the World for April neignborhood, who shall constitute his private per says that the company has gone so far as to prohibit foreign missionary work, and quotes one of the leading officials as saying, "We are here as a commercial company to make profits, and we propose to make the natives work out our purpose. We shall use methods that missionaries will call slavery." Nor is such exploitation confined to this one district, large as it is. The Missionary Review states further: sonnel. 10. To every native who has an art or trade the obligation to work in the trade which he professes is permitted. 12. Every farmer is permitted a place of detention wherein either forced laborers or those serving terms of correction shall live outside of work hours. 13. Every patron (employer) shall be obliged to keep and pay the native personnel 222 THE in his service according to the following conditions: (1 ) The daily rations shall not be less than 1.3 kilos of raw food for cooking, especially corn meal and beans. The one not less than 1 kilo and the other in portions of 300 grams independent of the necessary salt. (2) The minimum pay per month for volunteers shall be: From 14 to 16 years of age $1.50 From 16 to 18 years of age 2.00 From 18 years on 2.40 For those compelled to work the pay shall be $.20 per month less, except that no patron shall be able to compel his personnel to receive pay other than money. 14. Independently of the preceding article and its subdivisions the patron must give assistance as well as the right of food to his personnel in case of recognized sickness and the pay of those who are victims of labor accidents during the time of the contract. 16. The penalties for a patron who shall fail to comply with any of the requirements of this regulation shall always be by fine, never less than $5.00 nor more than $150.00. * * * The Anti-Slavery Reporter and Aborigines' Friend tells of some of the activities of that organization and incidentally sheds some light on Portuguese methods: Mr. H. W. Nevinson said that it was 16 or 17 years since he had been to the islands of St. Thome and Principe, and during all that time the Society and others had been fighting a very uphill battle. He had found there a system of absolute, old-fashioned, straightforward slavery going on; the natives were purchased or stolen or raided in the interior, brought down to the coast shackled together, very often killed if they could not walk. There was no real change in the conditions from those of the Southern States of America or Brazil. They were, sold on the coast at a value of about £16 per head for a man or woman, some of them were kept as slaves on the mainland and others were put on board ship and sent across to the two islands, where their price had gone up considerably, to about £30 or £35. They came there nominally for a five years' labor contract, but the contracts were not kept at all, and after the five years they were told they were recontracted, and so continued to labor until the end of their lives. When he returned after about a year's study of the conditions in Angola and the islands, no one would believe the reports he brought. Mr. Fox Bourne, of the Aborigines Protection Society, was the first man who took it up with any zeal. The case was supported by representatives of the cocoa firms sent out to investigate. After some time Lord Grey took the matter up, and was supported by Lord Cromer, and just before the war we had secured a tremendous advance—the repatriation of sev CRISIS eral thousands of these natives from the islands, and that was a magnificent thing for the Society to have accomplished, because the African native is passionately attached to his home. Just before the war, in 1913, when these concessions were forced out of the Portuguese, Sir Edward Grey appointed a consul to see that the regulations were carried out. But for the war this system of slavery would have been brought to an end; during the war, of course, we could not control what was going on. The memorandum drawn up by Mr. Harris, to which the Portuguese representative, Col. Freire d'Andrade, agreed, will really make all the difference in the world in the condition of the slaves, not only on the mainland, but in the two islands, for it provided that (1) the contract, instead of five years, should never exceed more than two years; (2) contracts at the end of two years should never be renewed (that is to say, that the native, as a matter of course, should be repatriated to his own home) ; (3) the new Governor-General of Angola, Gen. Norton de Matos, should send his own representative to the islands to see the conditions. THE SHOE PINCHES PROBABL Y the last thing Germany dreamed of in spreading her anti-Negro Troops propaganda was that she would thereby affect her own interests. The Boston, Mass., Post intimates that she knows better now: That the silly "Horror on the Rhine" propaganda in Europe and this country has proved a good deal of a boomerang for the Germans themselves is shown conclusively by the mournful plaints that come from the Rhinelands, declaring that the stories of the terrible behavior of the black troops of France are all part and parcel of one large fake". It seems that the yarns began at last to hit the pocketbooks of the resort proprietors. Tourists, including Germans, were so alarmed by the reports of the alleged "black terror" that they began to give up the Rhine watering places for the resorts of Switzerland and the Tyrol. Whereupon the citizens of the former were mightily upset and Dr. Reuter, health councilor for Baden, wrote to the Berlin Tageblatt that "fear of improper behavior on the part of the French colored troops is devoid of all foundation, as I can guarantee by personal experience. No one has been in any way molested, and all stories of colored soldiers annoying bathers or boating parties are utterly false." It is certainly somewhat amusing and highly suggestive to find the people of the Rhine now desperately trying to convince the world of the unreliability of their own propaganda. ACHIEVEMENT 223 ACHIEVEMENT GEORGIANA SIMPSON is the first American woman of African descent to receive the degree of Doctor of Philosophy from a university of first rank. Dr. Simpson received her degree at the University of Chicago June 14, 1921. Dr. Sadie Tanner Mossell received her degree from the University of Pennsylvania, June 15, 1921. Dr. Eva B. Dykes received her degree from Radcliffe College, June 22, 1921. • B y a curious coincidence, all these distinguished women are products of the schools of Washington, D. C. Moreover, Dr. Simpson and Dr. Dykes are members of the faculty of the Dunbar High School, and Dr. Mossell and Dr. Dykes are members of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. DR. SIMPSON OLD FRIENDS CHARLES BERTRAM JOHNSON SIT here before my grate, Until it's ashen gray, Or till the night grows late, And talk the time away. I cannot think to sleep, A n d miss your golden speech, My bed of dreams will keep— You here within my reach. I have so much to say, The time is short at best, A bit of toil and play, A n d after that comes rest. But you and I know now The wisdom of the soul, The years that seamed the brow Have made our visions whole. Sit here before my grate, Until the ash is cold; The things you say of late Are fine as shriven gold. THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MADELINE Q. ALLISON . MUSIC AND ART A CHARTE R of incorporation has been granted the colored Martin-Smith Music School in New York City. A curriculum embracing all the essentials required by the State Board of Regents has been instituted. David I. Martin is the director. C One hundred leaders of Student Young Men's Christian Associations of the Southwest, at their annual summer conference at Gibsland, la., announced that they will in troduce into their schools and colleges, "Lift Every Voice and Sing", the national Negro hymn. The words are by James Weldon Johnson and the music is by J Rosamond Johnson. C Miller and Lyles and Sissle and Blake, Negro composers of "Shuffle Along," playing in New York City, have signed a five year contract with Harry L. Cort. C Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, and William H. Richardson, baritone, have given a recital at Laselle Seminary, Auburndale, Mass., before the Summer School of Supervisors of Music, American Institute of Normal Methods. The program consisted of classic and modern selections with "music-talk" in connection with folk songs harmonized by Mrs. Hare. Many numbers were encored. C Of an appearance of William H. Richardson, baritone, the critic Olin Downes of the Boston Sunday Post says: "Mr. Richardson, who was born with a beautiful voice, gave proof of his unremitting industry, his artistic purpose, his constant growth. He is not merely a maker of musical sounds. He gives those sounds dramatic significance." C F. D. Allen, a Negro artist of Toledo, will exhibit oil paintings at the Ohio State Fair, to be held in Columbus August 29September 10. He will compete for the Governor Davis $500 prize. G Alexander Dumas' "L a Tulipe Noire" has been filmed in Holland, where several hundred people acted a scene outside the old prison gate at the Hague. G The Shakespeare Club of the New Haven High School has presented "Majesty and Make Believe." A . Willis Mosley, Jr., a Negro, played the role of "Othello." C A t Detroit, Mich., Negroes have presented "Ruth", a romantic drama by Father Sedgewick and J. Caesar Bryant. The work has been copyrighted. Other dramatic renditions are "Every Woman" and "Tallaboo." MEETINGS JESSIE FAUSET, literary editor of THE CRISIS, is attending the Pan-African Congress which is now holding sessions in London, Brussels, Paris and Geneva. She is the official representative of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. G Fourteen Negro delegates attended the convention of the American Federation of Labor, held in Denver. They demanded that the word "white" be eliminated from all constitutions of national and local or ganizations. G There were a dozen Negroes in attend ance at the National Conference of Social Work, which convened in Milwaukee. As a means of stimulating greater interest among Negro workers, the National Association of Social Workers Among Colored People was formed, with Ernest T. Atwell as president. G The Universal Negro Improvement Association, of which Marcus Garvey is presi dent-general, is meeting in New York City August 1-31. C Fred C. Means of St. Louis, Mo., is the first Negro delegate to the convention of the National Association of Letter Carriers, to be held during September in St. Louis. C At the International Y. M. C. A. Summer Training Conferences at Gibsland, La., and Kings Mountain, N. C., there was an attendance of 300 leaders of student asso ciations. 224 THE HORIZON C The Negro Women's National Republican League will meet in Kansas City, Mo., August 22-27. (I One hundred delegates, representing ten States,' attended the first biennial session of the Southeastern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, held in Atlanta, Ga. Mrs. Mary McLeod Bethune, of Daytona, Pla., was re-elected president. d The Georgia Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has held its 14th annual convention in Augusta. Mrs. Alice B. Cary retired as president, after having served four consecutive terms. Her successor is Mrs. George S. Williams of Savannah. Among resolutions passed are: That Negro schools in the State be named for Negroes or for their benefactors; for unrestricted suffrage; for Federal aid in the suppression of lynching; when the State Legislature makes its appropriation for beds at the State Tuberculosis Sanitarium at Alto, that the Negroes be considered as well as the whites; that Travelers' Aid agents be placed in the station in all cities; that a home for wayward youths and others be established. 0 The National Negro Baptist convention, unincorporated, will convene in New Orleans, La., September 7. The Rev. Edward P. Jones is president of the convention. (I Negroes will hold an Autumn fair and industrial business exhibit in Philadelphia, Pa., during October. POLITICS JOHN F. STEPNEY has been elected to the Board of Aldermen at Annapolis, Md. (I Three Negroes sat as accredited delegates in the Republican State Convention at Norfolk, Va . (I Henry Lincoln Johnson, the Negro Republican National Committeeman from Georgia, has been appointed Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia, but the appointment has not yet been confirmed. C James C. Thomas, Jr., a Negro in New York City, has been appointed Assistant United States Attorney. Mr. Thomas is a graduate from Cornell Law School, '12. EDUCATION TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE will have a budget of $500,000 for the next school year. (I C. H . Parrish, Jr., graduated from Co lumbia University in June with the degree of Master of Arts. C Pauline J. Phillips is the third student to graduate from Howard University as a Bachelor of Arts with summa cum laude rank. (I Cyrus G. Wiley has been appointed president of the Georgia State Industrial College. He succeeds Professor R. R. Wright, Sr., who has resigned after thirty years' service. Mr. Wiley was formerly principal of Magnolia High School at Valdosta. (I Simmons (State) University, at Louisville, Ky., graduated fifty students from an enrollment of 350; during nine months it handled $60,000 in cash. The school was established in 1879. It employs twenty-two teachers, with Dr. C. H . Parrish as president. d Cornell University has conferred the degree of Doctor of Philosophy upon Thomas W. Turner, a Negro professor of biology at Howard University. C Rev. E. A. W. Johnson was awarded the degree of Master of Arts from Northwestern University. Rev. Johnson is pastor of Bethel A. M. E. Church at Winnipeg, Canada. d Dr. Theodore E. A. McCurdy, a Negro of Boston, has returned to the States after a period abroad, where he studied at the University of Edinburgh and was made a Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons. C James C. McMorris has been graduated from Boston University with the degrees of Master of Arts and Master of Religious Education. C Antonio M . Gassaway, a Negro, won a gold pin in the relay race at Western Reserve University. (I There are to be the following additions to the faculty at Howard University: Dr. A. B. Jackson, Surgeon-in-Chief of Mercy Hospital, Philadelphia, will become Professor of Hygiene and Public Health in the School of Medicine; Wesley Howard, who is taking special studies in France, is to be assigned as an instructor in the School of Music; Doctors Allen S. Wolfe and Lewis J. Weinstein, of Washington, D. C , will give special instruction in dentistry; Dr. William C. Gordon, a leading Congregational minister, of Ware, Mass., has been offered a professorship in the School of president of the exhibit. TH E CRISIS Religion; Charles Eaton Burch, of Wilberforce University, will become Assistant Professor in the Department of English of the School of Liberal Arts; C. U. Turpin, a recent graduate from the School of Commerce and Finance of Columbia University, will teach in the School of Commerce and Finance; Miss B. Beatrix Scott, of Alton, 111., who has done special work in chemistry, has been appointed as instructor in the Department of Chemistry. C Clark University, Atlanta, Ga., graduated six Bachelors of Arts, eight from the High School course and forty-one from the new Junior High School course. The total enrollment was 425. The school is completing a $150,000 building, which contains a chapel seating 800, a gymnasium and pool and administration and class rooms for the college department. C Ambrose Caliver has received the degree of Master of Arts from the University of Wisconsin. He majored in Manual Arts Education and minored in the Principles of Secondary Education. . Mr. Caliver is a teacher at Fisk University. 0 There are three schools of higher learning for Negroes in Maryland: the State Normal School at Bowie, Princess Anne Academy at Princess Anne, and Morgan College at Baltimore. Princess Anne Academy is affiliated with Morgan College and also with the University of Maryland. The plants of Morgan College and Princess Anne Academy are valued at $700,000. The college received last month from the Carnegie Corporation $45, 000. This is in addition to the gift of $50,000 made by Mr. Carnegie himself some years ago. The Russell Sage Foundation gave $2,000 for summer school work, the attendance of which was 171, with a faculty of twenty-one white and colored teachers. Morgan College has a campus of eighty-five acres with eight buildings and a heating plant which cost $100,000. C The Tennessee Legislature has passed Senate Bill 718, which provides for the establishment of the Tennessee Vocational School for Colored Girls. Fifty thousand dollars was appropriated for a site, buildings and maintenance. The institution will be under the supervision and control of a colored woman superintendent, who will appoint her helpers, subject to the approval of the Board of Control. The enactment of this bill is due to efforts of the Negro Women's Reconstruction Service League of Nashville. The original committee consisted of Mrs. J. F. Pierce, Mrs. A. N. Johnson and Dr. M. E. Coleman. This committee has since been enlarged and, in co-operation with other agencies, has helped to pass a Mothers' Pension Bill and a bill to provide a training school for the feeble-minded. These bills apply both to white and colored persons. C Colored women of Nashville have secured a colored moving picture censor board. The mayor has appointed Mrs. M. L. Crosthwait, Mrs. J. A. McNiellan and Prof. John W. Work. Miss Elizabeth Kelly has been appointed probation officer in the Juvenile Court in Nashville. C Dr. J. A. Trotman, la Negro physician of Philadelphia, has made a successful record at the University of Edinburg, Scotland. He is now specializing at the University of Paris. C Henry A. Callis, W. H. Haynes and W. H. Jones, colored students, have discussed the Negro problem before classes and organizations at the University of Chicago. ([ Mrs. Grace W. Murphy has been made the first colored policewoman in the state of Michigan, at Detroit. G The United States Department of Agriculture is introducing the movable school among both whites and Negroes in the South. It is chiefly for demonstration work. G J. A . Mitchell, of the Southern University, Louisiana, has been made principal of the Champion Avenue School, Columbus, O. He is a graduate of Bowdoin College. G The first Negro school in Salt River, Valley, Ariz., has been established and named after Booker T. Washington. There are 40 children in attendance. G The total income of the Cheyney Training School, Pennsylvania, for the year ending May, 1920, was $44,658. The expenditures were $53,072. G The graduating class of Hampton Institute has chosen Marie L. Smith as valedictorian and A . I. Terrell as salutatorian. C Negroes at Temple University, Philadelphia, graduated as pharmacists, have the following distinctions: Harry E. Ashley has been appointed a chemist in the laboratory at the colored Mudgett Hospital. He will be an assistant in the chemical laboratory of Temple University next year. Frank E . THE HORIZON Gerran was a lecturer on pathological chemistry to nurses at Mudgett Hospital; Cecie P. Henry won the Penn prize for proficiency in final examinations; Jean B. P. Dartiguenave, son of the President of Haiti, will take a post graduate course abroad; Joseph M . Sennacherib of Haiti, has been appointed to the chemical laboratory of the colored Douglass Hospital, Philadelphia. C A new colored High School building has been assured the city of Baltimore by the action of the Public Employment Commission, in approving the recommendation of the School Board. INDUSTRY THE United Order of Business Promoters has bought a $200,000 structure on Broad Street, Philadelphia, where it proposes to conduct a National Chamber of Commerce and Labor. Dr. W. H. Moses is president of the organization and Dr. W. H . Ashburn secretary-manager. C Metropolitan Bank and Trust Company at Norfolk, Va., is occupying its new $100,000 building. It contains, aside from bank quarters equipped with the most modern fire-proof and time-lock vault and bank fixtures, thirty-five office rooms and two stores. During twelve years of operation the bank has built up a capital and surplus of $200,000 and resources of $900,000. A. J. Strong is president, J. C. Brooks and F. W. Williams, vice-presidents, and William Rich secretary. CJudge Robert H. Terrell of the Municipal Court of Washington has appointed Henry A . Brown to a clerkship in his court at a salary of $1,800. O Unemployed Negroes in Chicago have established a camp city on the outskirts of the town. They have their own administration, with John Troye as mayor. d The Board of School Commissioners at Baltimore, Md., has re-elected forty-six Negro teachers. C In the public schools' savings system Negro school children in New Orleans, La., have saved $8,795 this year. d The Savannah Savings Bank, after six years' operation, has assets of $450,000. It also operates the Dunbar Theatre, a $75,000 structure. A similar playhouse erected on an opposite corner by whites "catering exclusively to colored trade" has been closed for lack of patronage. The officers of the corporation are Walter S. Scott, president; Saint Louis Ponder, vice-president; R. E. Scott, cashier, and J. H . Green, assistant cashier. CLiberty Life Insurance Company of Chicago, 111., has deposited $100,000 with the State Insurance Commission. It will op erate immediately in three States. Frank L. Gillespie is president. CThe Inter-Colonial Steamship and Trading Company, a Negro concern in New York City, has assets of $130,192; liabilities, $26,502; capital and surplus, $84,087. The steamship "Intercolonial," which was purchased in June, 1920, from the United States Shipping Board at a cost of $16,720.33, has since been appraised to be worth $100,000. C J. I. Reams of Bellingham, Wash., has a $30,000 stock in men's and boy's clothing and shoes. He was a Negro delegate to the annual convention of the State Retail Clothiers' Association, held in Spokane. Mr. Reams has been in business fourteen years. C There are two Negro clerks in the House of Representatives at Columbus, Ohio—Claybourne George, engrossing clerk, and John Fielding, calendar clerk. G In Baltimore, Md., there are ten Negroes who have been in business over twenty-five years: B. H. Knight, L. H. Davenport and Cornelius Jones, produce dealers; Albert Johnson, contractor; James W. Hughes, caterer; Benjamin Hamilton, poultryman; Marshall's Grocery; John H. Toadvin and I. L. Brown, undertakers; Samuel R. Bishop, expressman; Samuel T. Hemsley is conducting the undertaking business founded by his father forty years ago; Morton Chase has charge of the undertaking business started by his grandfather sixty years ago. His father, the late Samuel W. Chase, was in business for nearly half a century. George W. Towson, an expressman, started his business nearly fifty-five years ago. The death of Mrs. Harriett A. Hilliard reveals the fact that the house furnishing business, of which she was head, has been conducted for more than 100 years. THE CHURCH THE $185,000 Christian Science edifice at East 125th Street, New York City, has been purchased by the Baptist Tabernacle, of which the Rev. L, B. Twisby is pastor. THE CRISIS 228 CFlorida Avenue Baptist Church, Washington, D. C, has paid off its entire mortgage of $23,000. The Rev. W. A. Taylor is serving his eighth year as pastor. C A church for Negro Catholics has been established in Brooklyn, N . Y . The Rev. Bernard J. Quinn has been appointed priest in charge. C The Rev. C. T. Walker, of Augusta, Ga., is dead. CRIME THE Chief of Police at Tulsa, Okla., and four officers have been indicted for looting during the rioting. Of eighty-eight indictments returned, seventy-four were against Negroes, upon whom the jury placed the blame for the riot. C The Arkansas Supreme Court has sentenced to death the remaining six Negroes charged with murder growing out of the riots at Elaine. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Moultrie, Ga., June 18, John Henry Williams, burned; murder. Enid, Miss., June 18, , shot; assaulting woman. McCormick, S. C , June 19, Herbert Quarles, shot; attacking woman. Jackson, Miss., June 20, Louis Wimberly; attacking woman. Madison County, Miss., June 29, "Red" Bilbro; cutting throat of employer. Hattiesburg, Miss., July 23, Casey Jones (white) ; murder. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE ST. JOHN' S Industrial Activities of Springfield, Mass., affiliated with the National Urban League, has completed a survey of Negroes of Springfield. C The Plainfield, N . J., Urban League has raised more than $1,000 towards a working girls' home. C The Cambridge Urban League has sent forty-nine Boy Scouts to camp at East Billerica, Mass. It has placed twenty colored girls as operators in a power machine stitching factory and a colored woman as forelady. G The Boston Urban League is making a study of homes for aged people for the Interdenominational Ministers' Alliance, this to the end that better care for aged colored people may be provided. G The Brooklyn Urban League has placed a colored man, Edwin H. Wilson, Jr., as director of Lincoln House Settlement at Glen Cove, Long Island, succeeding a former white director. Sixty boys have been sent to Sheppards' Knapp Farm in Connecticut for a period of two weeks and 100 mothers with their children have been sent on fresh air outings. CThe Day Nursery of the Lincoln Settlement, conducted by the Brooklyn Urban League, between January 1 and July 22, had an attendance of 2,567. GThe Kansas City Community Service Urban League by special grant of the Park Board has supervision of swimming instruction of women and girls in the city natatorium. The Park Board has also put into operation suggestions made by the Urban League which will result in increasing the participation of the colored citizens in the recreational facilities provided by the parks and playgrounds. GThe Cleveland Negro Welfare Association, affiliated with the National Urban League, has conducted classes in salesmanship, made a survey of unemployment for the State City Employment Bureau, formed a class in structural drawing and developed opportunities for athletic activities by securing athletic fields and gymnasiums accessible to the young people in the city. G The National Urban League will hold its annual conference in Chicago, October 19-22. G George W. Bruckner, executive secretary of the St. Louis Urban League, has spent a month in Tulsa, Oklahoma, laying the foundation for an Urban League which will be inaugurated during the fall. FRATERNITIES PRINCE HALL GRAND LODGE, A. F. and A. M., in West Virginia, has convened in a three day session at Elkins. A funeral benefit association and the purchase of a $20,000 farm were authorized. Alfred E. Goodwyn was elected Grand Master. SOCIAL PROGRESS OF 30,000 Americans in Mexico, 10,000 are Negroes. G J. A . Jackson, a Negro at Charleston, W. Va., has been appointed State Librarian, succeeding General B. H. Oxley. Mr. Jackson has been connected with the Supreme Court for a number of years and has served as assistant librarian. GOLD STAR MOTHERS OF THE 15TH NEW YORK INFANTRY THE CRISIS C Oil has been discovered on the property of Edward Johnson, a Negro in Petersburg, Va. C 3. E. Phillips, a Negro attorney of Washington, D. C , has been appointed United States Counsellor for the Federal Board of Vocational Education. Mr. Phillips attained the highest average from a civil service rating and has been assigned to Norfolk, Va. (I A community center is being constructed by East Calvary M. E. Church in Philadelphia. It will cost $300,000. The church has a membership of $5,000. The Rev. Charles A. Tindley is pastor, d Dr. J. L. Green, a Negro of Omaha, has been appointed a clerk in the Quartermaster's Corps at Fort Robinson, Neb. In the civil service examination his average was highest among 100 applicants. C The Aesculapian Society, composed of thirty Negro physicians in Indianapolis, Ind., is endeavoring to have a training school for colored nurses established at the City Hospital. Dr. A. H. Wilson is president of the society. O Isaac Fisher of Fisk University won the third prize of $75 offered by the Metropolitan Magazine in its contest on "Can We Keep Peace with Japan?" C The Negro town of Mound Bayou, Miss., celebrated its thirty-fourth anniversary on July 12. It was founded by Isaiah T. Montgomery. A recent improvement was a $100,000 school building. C The Almont Playground at Indianapolis, Ind., has been renamed in honor of Paul Lawrence Dunbar. (I Robert J. Taylor, a Negro Pullman porter of St. Louis, Mo., saved twenty-six lives when Missouri-Pacific train No. 14 was overturned in the Pueblo flood. He will be recommended for a Carnegie Hero Medal. C A 45-day cruise to Liberia, the Canary Islands, Senegal, Sierra Leone and the Bermuda Islands, December 3, '21, to January 17, '22, is announced by the American-African Tourist Company, Inc., at Philadelphia, Pa. The officers of the company are Dr. W. H. Jernagin, president; Dr. Henry J. Callis, vice-president; Dr. R. R. Wright, treasurer; Dr. L. G. Jordan, secretary; Major W. H. York, business manager. G The Times Record of Zanesville, Ohio, is publishing a column on "Colored Citizens News." C Henry J. Baker, of Helena, Mont, has been appointed postmaster at the State Capitol, at a salary of $1,800 per year. He is the first Negro to receive an appoint ment. (I In Chicago, a Negro policeman, Albert McGruder, repulsed twelve bandits at Harder's Storage and Van Company. Mr. McGruder has been rewarded with a check for $100 from the company. C Negroes of Savannah, Ga., have held an automobile race, at which over 10,000 people were present. Fourteen cars were entered. "Speed" Bruin won first place with a Chalmers which he drove ten miles in 12:28; "Jimmy" Webb won second honors with a Packard. In the motorcycle races Joe Butler in a "Thorn" won the five mile race in 6:10, while J. Parks took second place in a Harley-Davidson car. There were three horse races. C Georgine Pearce, a colored woman, has been appointed a recreation director in-Pittsburgh, Pa. She has been assigned to the Watt Street Playground. C Fred D. Brown, a Negro member of the police force at Pueblo, Colo., saved a number of lives during the floods. The attempt of three men to loot a jewelry store and escape before the waters enveloped them was frustrated by Mr. Brown. C Dr. Charles A . Green, a Negro chiropodist in New York City, has received patent rights on a sanitary case, which includes a sterilizer that gives a sterile solution before, during and after operations. C Sharp Street M. E. Church, Baltimore, Md., has opened a community house which cost $85,000. It is a four story building with dormitory rooms, a gymnasium and a roof garden. Miss Elsie M. Mountain and William F. Jones will direct the activities of the house. C Negroes of Texas are planning a real estate corporation to provide a hotel and bathing beach at Galveston. C Robert C. Logan, a Negro at Butte, Mont., has twice served as jury foreman. Mr. Logan, as a bass soloist, has sung at the funeral of General Charles S. Warren, at the Mountain View Church choir concert and at the Broadway Theatre. Mrs. Logan, his wife, is his accompanist. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BRAZIL DO YOU WANT LIBERTY AND WEALTH IN A LAND OF PLENTY? ' UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? Then Buy Land in Brazil South America Kindly Send 25c in Stamps for Our Booklet BRAZILIAN AMERICAN COLONIZATION SYNDICATE American Office 3589 ;4 South State Street, Chicago, 111. MISS MADELINE ALLISON Shopper Uniontown, Pa. Allow me to acknowledge the high degree of satisfaction obtained from your purchase. I remain yours for future business. C. H . Harding. The world Is so full of a number of things— And they can all be purchased in New York, New York is the cheapest market in the world. If you do not live there, I do. Let me shop for you. Here's one thing in a thousand. CLEARIX. You rub your windshields and the rain won't stick. One dollar. Address: Room 622 70 FIFTH AVENUE NE W YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the "Crisis") Spend Christmas In Liberia Join the African Cruise of 1921 Endorsed by President King and the Liberian Plenary Commission. A 45-day cruise to the West Coast of Africa Starting from Baltimore, December 3, 1921— Returning January 17, 1922, By the luxurious passenger steamer S. S. TUNISIAN—10,700 tons of the Canadian Pacific Ocean Service, Ltd. Attractions "The Grand Convocation of Chiefs" Monrovia, Liberia, December 21 to 31, 1921 The Missionary Convention of the National Baptist Convention will be held in Monrovia. Liberia, December 21 to 3 1 1021. Inclusive rate for the complete 45 day cruise $195 and up. This rate covers every expense while aboard steamer, meals and stateroom included. Visiting the following ports Canary Islands Daker, Senegal Bermuda Islands Freetown, Sierra Leone and Liberian Ports Special colonist and freight rates upon application. For full particulars address AMERICAN AFRICAN TOURIST CO., 701 S. 19th St., Philadelphia, Pa, For further particulars address American Travel Club, Inc., Baltimore, Md.: W. H . Jernagin, Pres.; L. G. Jordan, Sec'y; R. R. Wright, Treas.. Major W. H. York, Business Manager. HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L . S REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON. O. C. Founded by GENERAL O. O. HOWARD J. STANLEY DURKEE, A. M., Ph. D D. 0.. President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL_ 0., Secretary-Treasurer COLLEGIATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS Junior College, covering the Freshman and Sophomore years and leading to the Senior Schools. Senior Schools, consisting of the Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism, and Commerce and Finance, granting respectively the degrees, A. B. or B. S., A. B. or B. S. in Education. B. S. in Journalism; B. S. in Commerce and Finance. School of Applied Science, four year course, granting the degree, B. S., in Civil Engineering, B. S. in Electrical Engineering B. S. in Mechanical Engineering, B. S. in Architecture, B. S. in Agriculture, and B. S. in Household Economics. Evening Classes. The work of the Junior College and the Senior Schools may be taken In evening classes with full credit. School of Music, four year course, granting the degree of M-us. B. School of Religion, three year course, granting the degrees of B. D. and Th. B. Courses are offered also by correspondence. School of Law. three year course, granting the degree of LL . B. School of Medicine, including Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year courses for Medical and Dental students: three year course for Pharmaceutical students. Fol lowing degrees granted: M . D., D. D. S., Phar. C Studentsmay enterfor collegiate work at the beginning of any quarter. Autumn Quarter September 28. 2*. 3*. M M REGISTRATION Winter Quarter January S, 4. 1982 Spring Quarter March 1«. 20, 1(22 FOR CATALOG AND INFORMATION WRITE F. D. WILKINSON, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON. D. C. Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College Offers short courses in Auto Mechanics, Battery Repair, Acetylene Welding, Ignition and Vulcanizing. For full information address: Division of Mechanic Arts Prairie View, Tex. Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 OPPORTUNITY Helpfulness Our Object Efficiency Our Aim BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL 1926-30 S. COLLEGE AVE., Philadelphia, Pa. Principally a Trade School Fall Term Opening Tuesday, October 4, 1921 Day and Night Classes Introduction Day Commercial Course VISITORS WELCOME WRITE NOW MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal and Founder Educate Your Girl at The National Training School for Women and Girls Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. C Among the best schools for women and girls in the United States. The School that develops CHARACTER and PERSONALITY. We till our students with a burning desire to go out into the world and make not only a LIVING but a LIFE. COURSES 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal, Music, Business, Domestic Science and Arts Social Service Beauty Culture Physical Culture Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Thorough Training BEND FOR CATALOG Nannie H. Burroughs, President Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 233 GAMMON THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY STANDS FOR PREPAREDNESS FOR CHRISTIAN SERVICE This Central School of the Prophets, with its School of Missions, opens its doors Tuesday Sept 27 to receive men for the Christian Ministry and women for the various forms of Christian activity' The buildings, grounds, libraries, courses of study in all Theological, Sociological, Practical Missionary and Rural Leadership, under the direction of its faculty of specially prepared teachers', make this seminary a most attractive center to prepare young men and women for all lines of Christian leadership. Five courses with electives are offered; free tuition; a small incidental fee is required to cover heat, light and dormitory comforts. Opportunities for self-help are offered in the city to a limited number. For application blanks and full particulars regarding admission, etc., address President PHILIP M. WATTERS, GAMMON THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY ATLANTA, GA. Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Va. A superior school for the separate education of young women. College, Academic, Junior and Music Departments, Send for catalog to the President. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of its kind in historic Northern Virginia, State standard Four-Year High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral standards. Prepares boys and girls to become useful men and women; terras reasonable. For Information address EDWARD D. HOWE. Principal TALLADEGA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY Talladega, Alabama Frederick A. Sumner, President Is training men for the Gospel Ministry at home and abroad. Students are also being trained for work in the fields of SOCIAL SERVICE RELIGIOUS EDUCATION THE Y. M. C. A., AND THE Y. W. C. A. The Seminary has an enviable record of 49 years of service. For full information address JAMES P. O'BRIEN. Dean, 399 W Battle St. Talladega, Ala. IMPROVE YOURSELF HELP OTHERS! Easy, pleasant^ dignified work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in stamps for membership, sup plies, etc. National Literary Association I'll) Yon Si N. W., Wash., D. C Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE /.'fLANTA UNIVERSITY " ATLANTA. GA. Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Mueic *»f St. Marks M. E. Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Itudlo: 250 W. 138th St., New York, K. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help Yon Get s Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERM ! Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box it, Wilberforce, 0. A MONEY GETTER because It Is A CROWD SETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an ^renins of Slds-Splittlng Fun, abound havs The Slabtown Convention As entertainment Is one sot; full at wit and good humor. Scores of churches hare cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollar! In One Night. PRICE, 50a. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights, Washington. D. C. STUDENTS! PUBLIC SPEAKERS! Literary Criticism and Revision for Writers and Speakers. We also assist in the writing of material for Special Articles. Manuscripts, Theses, Sermons, Essays, Orations and One Act Plays. These are expertly prepared (typewritten) papers. Proficient, scholarly service. Address: John n, Martin. Secretary. 2220 Sixth St., N. W. Washington, D. C. AGENTS WANTED For a high grade lino of Calling Cards, Business Cards. Invitations, Social Stationery, etc. Big demand everywhere. Liberal commissions. Prompt deliveries. Write for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING, INDIANAPOLIS. IND. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. A few of the 250 students on 1921 Roster In front seated (counting from left to right) is Mrs. Enuneline J. Duncan, Supt. of the School and instructor of Typewriting, and Mrs. Emma M. Johnson. Secretary. The children in front are a few of the C w. C , who are studying Shorthand (nwEG&amp;yll&amp;ble words), Typewriting and Elementary Bookkeeping. In 1901 (twenty years ago), Rev. Edward T. Duncan started this school with one student in the home of the late Mrs. F. E, W. Harper. 1006 Bainbridge St., Philadelphia, Pa. We are now carrying a yearly average of 250 students. We expect to break all records of enrollment this year. They are coming to us from all px^rts of the country. It is well known that we do not graduate a student just for the tuition he pays nor the time he spends in school. He must show by a practical test, that he has the ability to do the work he matriculated to study. They are efficient when they receive their certificates, That's the reason for the many applications we receive, for teachers, stenographers and clerks., from Schools, Y . M . C. A.'s and Business Men. In White and Colored offices where our students are placed, others come and go; but ours remain. No school is our equal in training young children (from the fourth grade up) in Business. We have 36 in the Children's Business Class studying Shorthand (monosyllable words), Elementary Bookkeeping and Typewriting. Our teachers are efficient and a student has the chance to study Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping. Commercial Law, Building and Loan, Real Estate, Filing, Stencil Cutting, Duplicating Typewritten or Handwritten Manuscripts, Business Psychology—how to make a man buy what you have to sell no matter whether it is your services or a mansion. The 15 officers and directors of The Institutional B. &amp; L. Association are our own teachers and students. The Real Estate Office—buying, selling and conveyancing—conducted by our own graduates. This is the oldest and largest equipped Negro Business School in South Philadelphia. It's the popular school of efficiency. Take car 32 which runs west from the ferries on Market Street, to 17th St., or exchange from any car intersecting 17th Street, below Market and get off at Federal, walk half square: watch for the big sign. "THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE" and "THE INSTITUTIONAL B. &amp; L. ASSOCIATION" (Mrs.) Emmeline J. Duncan, Supt. and Instructor of Typewriting Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ENROLL NOW! DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL Derrick Bldg. 1514 Pine St. Philadephia, PA ONLY SCHOOL OF ITS KIND SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING. SAVE TIME AND MONEY DORMITORIES, $2.50 PER WEEK BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM M. J. DERRICK, Principal and Manager CRETONNE SLIP COVERS Wil l protect your varnished and upholstered furniture from dust and moths. Cut and sewed for $2.50 each. Hair and felt mattresses renovated and sterilized $5.00. New tick $4.00 extra. Box spring made over $8.50 returned same day. Cushions and draperies. Furniture repairing, polishing and upholstering. Carpets and rugs cleaned, repaired, made and laid. Telephone Audubon 8198, or write and representative will call to estimate. ART CRAFT UPHOLSTERING CO. 301 West 110th Street, New York, N. Y. DRESS SHIRT FREE Fine Serge Pants BARGAIN Postage Paid SEND NO MONEY Here is one of the biggest values offered to readers of this paper. Will send this splendid pair of serge pants and with it lis fine negligee shirt FREE — without asking for one cent with the order. PANTS are made of extra quality blue serge, well tailored in every way. Extra heavy pocketing, all seams serged, no raw edges, bar tacking, strong belt straps. Waist 30 to 44, inside seam length 30 to 36 inches Be sure to give inseam length. SHIRT we give free is made of striped fine material, cut full and well made. COLORS— Blue, Lavender, Green striped. SIZES--14&gt;£ to 17. GET A SHIRT FREE Just send your name and address, iving sizes wanted. We'll send both pants and shirt by parcel post prepaid. Yo u pay mailman when delivered. Your money back if not pleased. Here is positively a big $7.00valueforonly$3.98. Send NO W as the number of free shirts is limited. Order by No. 191 C28 HOWARD LUX CO., DEPT. 191 CLgVEUANP.O. MME. G. B. NEEDLES FINE FURS FUR GARMENTS MADE TO ORDER Remodeling, Repairing, Redyeing 2202 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 7590 HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. Sanitarium added with Dr. C. A . Lewis of the University of Penn. in attendance. AGENTS EARN $75.00 A WEEK Selling our Enlarged Photo Medallions, Photo Cuff Button, Photo Lockets, Photo Watch Charms, Photo Breast Pins, Photo Clocks anu Life Size Portraits (16 z 20). We copy from any Photograph and Return Your Original Photo. Agents' Enlarged Samples 50c. Negro Books, Pictures and Post Cards. Prompt Shipments. 1000 Agents and Dealers Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art Co.. 97 South St.. Jamaica. N. Y. BOOKS-BOOKS -BOOKS The Emperor Jones with Charles Gilpin $2.00 The play that stormed_ Broadway and shook the theatrical world. Book just published, by mail 2.I O Poems and Letters of Phillis Wheat- ley first Pub. 1773 introduction by A. A. Schomberg 3-00 The Haitian Revolution — T. G. Steward 1-5° Native Life in South Africa—Plaatje 2-SO The Aftermath of Slavery—Sinclair 2.00 YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 West 135th St., New York, N. Y . Books by Colored Authors a specialty For the most valuable books dealing with the Negro Problem see the inside back cover. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER CARUSO'S VOICE Will live as long as there are men to hear it. The original plates are imperishable. The Victor Company made Phonograph Records of his voice on millions of Records. What a loss the world would have sustained but for Phonograph Records! Is there not some Negro Singer or Musician whose Voice You Feel Should also be Preserved? The Phonograph Records made by white companies are preserving only the type of Negro voice that sings comics and rag-time. BLACK SWAN RECORDS Made by a Company owned and controlled by Colored People are trying to do for Negro Voices and Negro Musicians what white companies do for their people. If every Colored Phonograph Owner bought as many BLAC K SWAN RECORDS as he buys of other kinds he would make possible a reproduction of Negro Music and Voices similar to Caruso's. In addition you will find that BLAC K SWA N RECORD S are as good as any Record made! COMPARE THEM For the sake of comparison play on your machine Caruso's Victor record No. 8333 of "For All Eternity." Then with the same kind of needle and at the same speed play Carroll Clark's BLACK SWAN RECORD, No. 2002, of the same song. We will leave the verdict to you. Try it. There is a delightful surprise awaiting YOU . YO U will then want to hear Harry Delmore, Revella Hughes, Arthur Gaines and Marrianna Johnson, all high-class, exclusive BLACK SWAN Artists. YOU can buy Our Records from YOUR RegularPhonograph Dealer. Ask Him? If not, send us his name. PACE PHONOGRAPH CORPORATION 257 W. 138th Street New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. ONE LESS SLINKING COWARDLY SUBMARINE. A CENTER SHOT The Negro in the World War By KELLY MILLER This new and complete history is now ready, it tells of 375,000 Colored Soldiers who bravely served in the Army and Navy and helped to carry "OLD GLORY" to a new victory. It shows—in story and picture—how the men and women of the Negro Race have proven themselves well worthy of the important positions they now occupy in AMERICAN CITIZENSHI P and furthermore proves that there was not an ounce of patriotism lacking when the CAL L TO THE COLORS was sounded for them to join in defending their country in THE GREATEST WORLD RATTLE FOR FREEDOM \ND DEMOCRACY. The Greatest Tribute to the Loyalty and Patriotism of the GREAT NEGRO RACE. The first and only Historical Volume specially prepared and published strictly in the interests of the NEGRO— FOR THE NEGRO—BY THE NEGRO. Every chapter teems with the very matter that THE COLORED FOLK HAVE BEEN ANXIOUSLY AWAITING TO KNOW. Size 6V2 x 8V2 700 pages, 200 pic-lures. Mailed to any address for $2.50 BY COLORED GUNNERS ON BOARD AN AMERICAN DESTROYER. This Great Book Tells All About The Negro Everywhere in the World War-How He Did His Duty In Every Capacity—From Right Up in the Front Line Trenches and on the Battlefields—Clear Back to the Work of Keeping the Home Fires Burning: On the Farms: In the Mills and Munition Plants; O n the Railroads and Steamships; In the Ship Yards and Factories. Men and Women with the RED CROSS, the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the War Camp Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc., etc. can make $4 to $20 per day AGENTS WANTED You just now selling- Kelly Miller's Authentic History. Be first in your territory and get the orders. You can make money because it is easy to sell. ANY BOOK BY KELLY MILLE R will sell. This hook gives the most reliable information. Sell the book that gives satisfaction. 700 PAGES—price only $2.50. We pay you highest commission. Thousands of these hooks are being sold, students, ministers, teachers everywhere are getting busy. Agents prospectus to canvas with will be mailed to you for only 30 cents (stamps) ; it is a fine outfit, you will be pleased; order today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 'BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS) Send for Catalog of 160 Books No. 521 9th Street, Washington, D. C. 238 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A SPECIAL OFFER OF ORCHARDVILLE LOTS 50 AT 	EACH $29 $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH PER LOT These lots are the same kind and in 	Orchardville is located in a high grade fruit growing region where the climate the same locality as those we sold is wonderful, living conditions ideal and under the development plan at where all good people are welcome re $56.00 each. That offer met with gardless of race, creed, color or na great success and indications altionality. That is why everybody who ready point to even greater suc	has been up there was so well pleased cess for this offer. with everything. The lots are size 30 x 144 feet each and If you want all the details of this athave plenty of room for a house, gartractive offer, simply write your name den, chicken yard, shed, etc., besides a and address on the coupon below and few fruit trees which can be planted mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. We will later on. Each lot is sold under a 	then send you booklets telling you all money-back guarantee and the title to 	about it. the property is absolutely clear. DO NOT DELAY BECAUSE THE LOTS ARE GOING FAST, Address ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 19 S. La Salle Street 	CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REALTY DEV'PT CORP. CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192 Gentlemen: — I would like to receive all the details regarding, your new lot offer, without any obligation on my part. Name Address Town and State CRI—New Offer— 9 . 2 1 Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 239 MADE TO YOUR ORDER Pants $1.95 NO EXTRA Postage Prepaid CHARGES i We make this special Send no offer for 30 days, to Money prove the wonderful value, style and fit of Progress tailoring. We will tailor to your special order, a pair of these stylish $6.00 pants, send them to you postage prepaid and guarantee two years' solid wear or money back for only $1.95. Earn $30 to Agents Wanted $35 extra every week, taking orders from your friends and neighbors for our high class tailoring. &gt; No experience necessary. Big Sample Outfit FRE E Drop us a line today and we will send you absolutely free, our big assortment of woolen samples, style book and special wholesale prices, on our made-to-measure suits—$12.45 up and made-tomeasure pants—$1.95 up. Full details of this offer sent FREE . The Progress Tailoring Co., Dept.j117Chicago, 111. Mention THE CRISIS. 240 	TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMA N HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM , by the most skillful artists in the trade. Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using them. We carry the largest selection of Hairdressers' Tools and Accessories. Mme. Blum's Bob gives the appearance of wearing the hair bobbed, but makes cutting uppecessary. Mad e MME. BAUM'S of strictly Supreme Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE waves, sewed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuek CombsOur Factory is Located at to hold secure. la all shades. Price 15.90. 80 FOURTH AVE.	 NEW YORK, N. Y. When writing, mention thli paper. AGENTS CAN EARN Agents Wanted $25.00 per week In Every Selling Our FINE TOILET PRODUCTS Town and 	We make the best French Perfumes, Toilet Waters, Powders and Creams. Try our Sulphur Cream for dandruff and all skin and Locality. scalp troubles, Special advice and terms on all products used by Hairdressers and Barbers. Liberal terms to agents. GOOD PAY J. R. WIGGINS Catalog Free 	Manufacturing Chemist 1919 Broadway New York, N. Y. THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS LIVE IN CALIFORNIA MFG. CO. Colored People Wake Up! live where you have the full protection of the Law. Send 316 N. Central Dept. B 60 cents for our Booklet entitled WH Y LIV E IN CALIFORNIA? OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA BOOKERTEE INVESTMENT CO. Bookertee Bldg., 1718 W. Jefferson St., LOS ANGELES. CAL. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia EDGAR P. BENJAMIN For all Lodge and Church Societies ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT -LAW 14 School Street	 Boston, Mass. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. "SOME DON'TS"thatstirredthe peoples ofbothconti641 W. 9th St Cincinnati, Ohio nents. "A Programme for Life." Agents Wanted. Price 10c. Try the 5c and10c stores. A. R. Gillespie, 2272 East 97th St. Cleveland, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. A Selected List ofBooks Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two COLORED WOMEN WITH THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES. (Hunton and Johnson) $2.50 THE HEART OFA WOMAN AND OTHER .POEMS. (Georgia Douglas Johnson) 1.25 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E SOUL OF JOH N BROWN. (Stephen Graham) 2.00 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 THE CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE. (James F. Morton) 25 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 2.00 TH E NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 2.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.20 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 UNSUNG HEROES. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes) 2.50 TH E SHADOW. (Mary White Ovington) 2.00 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 2.00 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 TH E VOICE OF TH E NEGRO. (Robert T. Kerlin) 2.50 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. ''George W. Ellis) 3.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 90 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 TH E NEGRO FACES AMERICA. (Herbert J. Seligmann) 1.7,1 DARKWATER. (W. E . B. DuBois) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.50 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman 200 Beecher Stowe) Address: TH E CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y BEAUTIFUL WHITE TEETH MADAM C. J. WALKER'S ANTISEPTIC DENTAL CREAM ^ IS THE SECRET Mouth acids and a slimy film are the great contri butions to decay. Your Dentist will tell you that it is not enough to merely clean the teeth and ordinary dentrifices will not preserve them from decay. Madam C.J.Walker's Antiseptic Dental Cream keeps the saliva alkaline,which counter acts acid-mouth, prevents slimy film, the forma A delicious tion of tarter and purines the effective germicide breath. and mouth wash for Cleansing, Polishing and Pre serving the teeth. of Agents and at Drug Stores. 640 NORTH WEST STREET INDIANAPOLIS .IND., U.S.A. Makers of Mme. C J. Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower.